THE DAY OF REST. GOD IN THE HARVEST. By Ber. Henry Yakut, B.A. " Thebord !■ (rood to til, and Bis tender mercies are over all Bis works."—Psilm cxlr. 9, Itisa very natural impulse to which we respond as we come together to reader thanks to the God ol Barrest for the produoe of another year. Beer since the days when man, hit roving life for a life passed in setfled habitations, began to follow the peaceful pursuits of agriculture, it has seemed right to him to bow in gratitude beforethe Kindly Power to whom he stands Indebted for the. garnered fruits of the earth. The modes content among rations nations of celebrating harrest, of giring expression to the simple and heartfelt joys to which the occasion ministers, would form a study fraught with genuine human and religious Interest. Few things serve more vividly to remind us of the community of man, of the Unship and brotherhood which, in spite of the conventional distinctions with which the complex growth of society bas overlaid and obscured it, still subsists between us all, than ouri inevitable and universal dependence upon the bounty of God. Fed as we all are by the products of the soil — prince and panper, philosopher and peasant alike drawing from the land the main tenance ol their natural life—the return of harvest should annually bring this fact to onr remembrance, and awaken anew within us the emotion of cheerful thankfulness to the Father who makes provision lor His children's wants. Oftentimes, I am afraid, the very regularity with which Bis mercies*come dulls the sense of onr indebtedness. In one of his letters Frederick Dsnbon Maurice tells us of a poor creature in a lunatic atylom, who, fa a lucid moment, snatched by the arm a l&dy; visltlag the institution, and exc'aimed, " Have you thanked God for your reason to-day r and then relapsed into fury. For the common blessings and comforts of life—health of body and strength of mind, food and clothing, warmth and light and air, the peace of home and the sacred ties of love—we are far front being as grateful as we ought. Too often Retake them as matters of course. Too often we regard them as our dne. tome times the only acknowledg ment we make of them is to complain when some one of them departs from Us In an hour of adversity. And so it is well for us if at this season of harvest our thoughts are drawn to the ordinary operations of God in Providence, as the thoughts of Israel were at the joyous feast of ingathering, as the thonghts of Greece were, thoagh amid many deplo rable sensual excesses, at the festival of tbe vintage and the divinity of the exhiiirating vine. An im pulse moves us to-day similar to that which at such seasons moved these nations in the days oi old. Dwellers though we be in the unromintic city, with no golden barvest-Belda or pnrpls- blush ing vineyards near our doors, our heads uncrowned with wreaths oi vine leaves, our ears unmet by joyfnl country songs; still we fed the charm of the season's peace and plenty, and lift a thankful voice to the God on whose bounty we ail depend.' Onr festival to-day, then, is a recognition, of God in Providence. What doll mean by this phrase? I mean that aspect of the Divine Nature, el ite deal ings with us, of Its relations towards as, which we think of whenerer we reflect upon the world and human life as illustrating the power, the wisdom, and tbe goodness of their Maker and Suataioer. St. Fanl, in a sermon which be preached to some superstitious pagans at Lystra, has admirably expressed what 1 mean when I speak of God in Providence. Be told them of "the living God who made tbe heaven and the earth and the sea, and all that in them is," and who, even in the genera tions gone by, when as yet Christ had not appeared, "left not Himself without witness. In that He did good, and gave them from heaven rains and fruitful seasons, filling their hearts with food and gladness." Christ, again, n^words still tenderer and mom touch ing, has unfolded the same side of the nature of God. Gur gather in heaven, he says, "maketh His sun to rise on tbe evil and on the good, and' ■endfllh rain nn fctiA inai tnH An fha nnnnat" Ha lendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." He feeds tbe birds of the air, that neither sow. nor reap, nor gather into barns. ' He clothes tbe grass of the field, which to-day is and to-morrow Is cast into the oven. He arrays tbe lilies of the field In a loveliness with which the splendour of tiolomon's apparel vies in vain. God, in Providence, then, is God as seen in what I may venture to call the indiscriminate beneficence of Nature—in the manifest and abundant provision which he has made in the world around ns for tbe happiness and comfort of ourselves and til living things —in the "order, design, and good-will" towards the dwellers upon earth which we' are able increasingly to perceive in the Unseen Power to whom they owe alike their bring and their home. This is s trnth which is by no means the exclu sive possession of Christianity. Nay, It is found to form part of tbe fundamental beliefs of all religions, be tbe forniB into which those beliefs are wrought up and elaborated as rude, immature, and even re pulsive ss you will; It lies at the base of what we ere wont to call " natural religion." It is an utterance involved in what a Church Father of the second century beautifully termed "The testimony of the naturally Christian soul." The faeait and conscience of humanity everywhere and in all ages has led men to the sense of a Power higher than themselves, on whom life and Nature depend, of an Invisible Sove reign Will impressed alike upon themselves and npon the world around. " Not only," says Herbert Spencer—" net only is the omnipresence of some thing which passes comprehension that moat distinct belief which is common .to all religions, which becomes the more'distinct in proportion as things develop, and which remains after their dis cordant elements have been cancelled, but it is that belief winch the meat unsparing criticism leaves unquestionable, or, rather, makes erer dearer." For the philosopher's " something" let ns substitute " Some One," who, though He may pass compre hension, is yet acknowledged as the Hourfce of life and the Giver of the bonnty on which life depends, and we have that indestructible truth of God in Providence which all religions by hold of as one of their fundamental beliefs. Amid them all is the recognition of what the accomplished doubter. Ernest Benan, who bas mads scepticism a fine art. allows to be one thing certain—"the Fatherly ■mile which every vow and then gleams through Nature, bearing witness that an Eye looks down upon us, that a Heart follows us." now, tms aspect ot mm vmm Nature, of its dealing* with the universe and man, is, I admit, not ao high an aspect as others which readily occur to onr thought. It Is not to high, for example, as that revealed tout by History, when, in the birth and death ol nations, In the rise and fall of statBs and empires, in tbe mighty movements of vast masses of humanity; in tba steady progress of civi lisation, with here an ebb and there snow, we can not tail to see the gradual evolution of the purposes ot God. Nor, again, is it so high at that aspect of the Divine Nature on which we look through the opening afforded by onr own moral life, seeing in doty a revelation of God nobler than that even which is given us by the starry universe, hearing in conscience a Divine Voice arguing -that' the pre sence in ourselves of the sentiment of justice, of the t motion of love, of the capacity of self-sacrifice, points unmistakably to their presence in Him alio whose breath is the inspiration'of onr aonls; and much less high, too, js it than that aspect of the Divine Nature which shows us God- attrork in the Kingdom of Grace, seeking ever to redeem us from the BlaTery of self and Bin, winning us to faith and obedience and righteousness, unfolding to ns the knowledge of Himself, which is llfe'eternal, con foiming us, if only we will let Him, to the likeness of His own character. No; God in Providence is not so lofty, not so grand a vision of Him as that opened to us by God in history or God in the human soul, or, most of all, God in Jeiua Christ. - But yet, since Providence is undeniably one of the many windows through which It Is granted na to look out upon the inffuite expanse of the Dirine Nature, and to sea an aspect of tb&t; Nature which' we cannot see • through any other window, no religious person at least will fail to value this means of knowing and under standing what itpresents to him of God. Nor is this all. Blade np as we are of body and aoul, with the material and perishable part Of -OS at the scaffolding, so to say, needful for the uptraQding of our spiritual and deathless part; with wants and appetites of which the body is the seat; with a relation of exceeding intimacy between our higher and onr lower natures; with innumerable links between ourselves and the outward world of sense and matter—it must be not merely allowable for us, but also our bonnden duty, to take a- grateful account of God's dealings with us in Providence, to wnlch Him a" lie mates bountiful provision (or our dt.il; needs and healthful lining, Hud to ssek the loettricK within us of a deeply religious s-nae of Hia common mercies. Nor yet is this all. Cor when I said jest now (bat God in Providence ti a truth taught by Natural ile.igion, and belu to vary ing (orm by ibe disciples of every religious faltb tbe world bas ever hrown, those ol you vrbo saw the foil force of tbat remark cannot have failed to nee this also—that it is God in Providence from which man everywhere sets out upon the upward pilgrim age to a loftier faith. First, that which ii natural, afterwards tbat which is spiritual—that is the order in tbe development of our religions thought. Is not thfa what Christ meant when, pointing to tbe birds and flowers, He bade men believe tbat the Father wbo cares for them will much more care fur his human children, with their greater claims upon Him and their higher and more Bpirituai wants. If was the Power that shone in the sun, and showed its bounty in the crops, and fell upon the earth In fertile rains, and made provision for the lower life, that first appealed to men. The higher thought of God as the strength of tbe moral nature, as the Judge of evildoers, as tbe Lover of purity and righteousness, of mercy and sell-sacrfflee, came later on. We worship first the Father who sends us tbe bread that peifsbes before we worship the God who redeems us from sin in Jesus Christ and gives to our scnls tbe Living Bread from heaven. It is so with our children's thought of us. 'J hey know us at the outset only as those who feed them and clothed them, and give them tho warmth and shelter and peaceful security of. their happy home. Their deeper and more spiritual relations to us they come to understand only by-and-by—the love which is satisfied only as it sees them growing up to be gentle, brave, pnremindod, r elf denying; tbe long ings, we have to find in tbem a developing con formity to our noblest and most gracious Christian ideals of character; the wealth of pains and oare we are ready to bestow on them to help tbem in becoming all we yearn to see them be. Ah 1 they know nothing of all this In their earlier days. Bat happy they, and happier we, if they know ail we wonld have tbem know of it In the matnrer days to come. Just so has it been with God's great family of men. God in Pro vidence—that was Bis children's first thought of theirfather—the God of sea and meadow, of tree and Sky, of sun and river; the uiver of daily bread and of tbe necessaries and comforts of life. But , by-and-by there came other and higher thoughts of Bim, as there came other and higher tbonghts of themselves. And from God in Providence we have passed finally to God In Christ; from tbe God of food ana clothing to the God of redeeming love and saving grace. But let us understand that the one thought oi God involves the other, with all the thoughts of Bim that lie between. The Heavenly Father who provides for my lower wants must also be tbe Heavenly Father who provides for my higher ones. In Providence is involved Redemption. In 'every monthinl ol bread we may see, if we will, a pledge and a prophecy of the Cross of ChriBt; in every breath ol vitalising air an illustration and a witness of the inspiring energies of the Holy Ghost. But, farther, not only is our religious advance, as we compare our thought of God with the thought of Him held by men in olden times, seen in the fact that we have passed from God in Providence to God in Bedempiion, as lorming our noblest con ception of Him, bnt even God in Providence com mends Himself to us on altogether tenderer grounds than those which appealed to the mind of the ancient world. The ancient world did, indeed, see tbe Divine Power in the prevision everywhere so abundantly made for the bodily needs of the P'fe of man: hut much more did ft see toe Divine Power In the convulsions of Nature, In storms and earthquakes, in pestilence and flood. Those natural phenomena tbat startle and affright as, that make ns feel, when they occur, the insignifi cance and helplessness of man, as though we were a toy-boat tossed about on toe foaming waves of Nature's forces, affected toe minds oi toe men of old more than the phenomena that are quiet, regular, usual, common-place. In Longfellow's •' Evangeline" there are two lines which describe exactly toe prevailing mental attitude of the begone time toward* the troth of God and Providence:— " Keenly the lightning flashed, and the voice of the echoing thunder Told ber that uod was in Heaven and governed tne world Be created." But why ehould we want a tempest to tell us that God rnleB? Why should we need the sky aflame with electric fire that we may read that truth by Its lurid light ? Is not the same truth declared by the tailing dew, by the peaceful procession year by year of summer and winter, seeu-time and harvest? It is. But not there was it disclosed to the ancient world—nor, Indeed, to many minds even to-dav is it yet disclosed—so much as In the phenomena which brings men to a shuddering standstill of alaim. There are two poems—one of the olden time, the other of the modern—admirably representative of theway in which those times vary in their modes of bringing home to the human soul the truth of God in Providence. The first is the poem of Job ; the second is Lewis Morris's " Evensong." Bach of them is the history of a soul in its passage from doubt to faith, from despondency to pe»ce ami joy, by aid of sn appeal to the revelation of God in Mature. But how different the two caseB in the kind of appeal made to the soul 1 How dissimilar the aspect the revelation wears! In the poem of Job" the Lord answers" the doubting soul "out of the whirlwind." Be shows him Mature in her sterner guise; He causes to pasB before him the mightier beings of the animal creation—the hippo potamus, the crocodile, the war-hone. He over whelms bis donbt rather than resolves it. But the modern thinker in the poem of "Evensong" finds rest for his tronbled heart in the hushed hours of the closing Sabbath-day, with the sweet echoes of the hymns Bung in the little village church falling soothingly npon bis ear, with the stars coming out in points of golden light one by one in the aewy sky above him, with the new-lit casements twinkling in the valley, where young mothers are teaching their babes to pray, and strong fathers are resting from their week-day toil, and peasant lovers, shy and diffident, are strolling through the fragrant lanes. He conld doubt of God and His goodness no longer. His restless soul passed into faith and peaoe. Whence springe this changed attitude ol ours towards the trnth of God in Providence ? From many sonrceB I cannot now Btay even to name; bnt foremost among them, most effective of them all, is the realisation by us of to-day of the Fatherly love of the Divine Nature which] Christ found revealed in birds and flowers and grass no less than in His own pure heart. And it is by means of the blended lights of this Christ-given revelation of God and of the revelation unfolded to ns by the researches of science that we are enabled to read the truth of God in Providence more cleaily than the men of the ancient world read it, adequate though their reading of it was, as I have shown you, for the purposes of religious faith and worship in the days in which they lived. Science ehows us God as an Infinite Power ever working according to law; Christ shows us, no leas in Bis own person than by His doctrine. God as the Eternal Love. And Infinite POwer pervaded through And through by Eternal Love—what nobler descrip tion than that do you want of God in Providence? Prom such a conception arises reasonable eipecta Hon of certain ways in which God in Providence will evince His working; and when we turn to the tacts as we see them about us, we find this expectation abundantly fulfilled, We expect an order on whose regularity and certainty we mar Implicitly rely. We have it. We expect an adaptation between the various forms ot life and the conditions surrounding tbem which is fairly calculated to secure their happiness and wellbelog ao long as the conditions are observed. Exactly what we find. We expect plain evidences of bene ficence and goodwill on the part of the Creator toward the works of His hands. Those evidences everywhere present themselves. We expect an abundant provision for tbe needs of each generation of life as it arises on tbe earth; for an Infinite Power that is at the same time an Eternal Love is no niggard, grudging ol His gifts. Again we have what we expect. " The eyes ol ail wait npon Thee" said the old Psalmist, "and Thou givest them their meat in due season." Of course I know that God In Providence is a truth against which in several quarters objections are raised today, as they have been raised again and again in the days that are past. There are tbe people, for example, who refuse to know anything of God, end comprise all the facts I have been pointing out to yon nnder what they judge to be the preferable term Nature. But they have not got rid of God by giving him another name, for that is what Mature amounts to. What is Nature, after all, but an aspect of God—the garment, as Goethe says. \- by which we see Him, tbe outward and visible form of Him that we perceive by onr senses, as by faith and love we perceive in the Lord Jeans His true spiritual sell? And then there are the people who refuse to know anything ot Providence, ol the designed good-will, the benefi cent Intent of God towards Hit creatures and His children, and say that all they see is phenomena tri Sng act! dlsepp raring according to law. Bntdoss tb a way of talking dsslroyone wo it of the truththat tteordtr of the worldarunnd us ia a kindly order, not a hostile one, a fixed order, not a capricioueone, an order which, when we know and obey it, affords ua the conditions ot healthful and happy jUfe? What are natural phenomena bnt manffeitatione of the divine power; And what are natural laws bnl one expression of the divine will! Far be it {rem mo to delude myself or you, my friends; into the belief that there are not discords in Nature which suggests doubt to thoughtful minds. There are, and we will admit the full force ol them. iBut let us remember that we see but a part of God's ways, ana not the whole. Let as remember that the isible itself does not claim that creation is {com plete or the Crt a or's purpose fulfilled in perfection. Let na rimes ber that if there were no mysteries there would be no room for trust; that if we saw everything clearly, and understood everything entirely, we should be ss God - Himself, and have sounded the full depths of the Divine mind; that if faith has difficulties, unbelief has more —nay, it has supplanted difficulties by rushing into the dark abyrsea of deplorable despair. And there are other people, too, with whom life has gone so hardly that the blessed truth of God In Froridence seems to have no meaning for them—weary workers, ill-paid, ill-fed, ill-housed, who hear of the abund ant provision made by the Heavenly Father for the wants and well-being of His children, but hear of it as a thing in which they have no part. Let them scrape and struggle as they will, they can gain but the scantiest subsistence, and before them, at the end of all their unremitting toil, is nothing but the dark alternative of the workhouie or the grave. What Bhall we eBy to them! We can but say that still to hold by the truth of God in Providence, be the seeming contradictions of it what they may, will, as many in their circumstances have proved, nevertheless lighten their load and brighten their lot: and that it is from Him who preacned that truth as none ever preached it before that those of us who are labouring to bring about a better time, a klngiom of heaven on earth, draw the Inspiration to' bring to an end the Injustices and needless Inequalities of the prevailing social system, and supplent them by a real brotherhood based on liberty and justice and love. We can, at least, say this, and give emphasis to our BPeeCh "by deeds worthy the followers of that gradous Son of Man who made the cause of the poor and the oppressed peculiarly Hie own. Ah I if His professed Church bad been like Him In this, how different would our social conditions be to-day I But the Church has bidden the Carpenter in the jewelled robe of tne King. And, finally, though we ate thankful for God in Providence—for the father-like and bountiful pro vision He has made for our lower needs, of which this harvest season once again reminds us—let us remember that, after all, our chief concern lies with the moral law on which the u of verse itself is built. We talk much about physical order; we had better speak more of moral law—the law of righteousness and love. "Seek ye first,"said the Lord, "God's kingdom and God's righteousness, and all other things shall be added unto yon." It is a great, true, comprehensive word; let na with all our hearts obey it Truth, purity, duty, love—if we live for these, I, tor one, am convinced that the world is so governed by its Maker with a view to them that no real need of our lower life shall go un satisfied out of His bounty. We have no right to took for inxuriei, for God never promises them to us. What we should gain In bodily health and mental vigour and moral energy, if we were as anxious to simplify our style of living as we now are to multiply our wants, is, I believe, simply in calculable. Ant be this as it may, the old word is as true to-day as it ever was—" They that seek the Lord shall not want any good thing." Would to God we believed it 1 