À True Ghost Story. ' Half a century ago, on Christmas Eve, a lady ithrew herself from the -window of her house, situated on the outskirts of a town in the South of England. . The event occurred on a Christmas Eve. ' Her death led to law proceedings regarding the ownership of the house in which she had resided. The house was thrown into Chancery, and in a few years got the reputation of being haunted. It was said that late on every Christmas Eve a window was thrown ; open, a white figure appeared, a low moan ; was heard, and a figure was seen to throw itself on the lawn beneath, where it fell with a "dull thud." This scene was supposed to be a repeti tion of that which had occurred when the lady of the house had chosen that method of leaving it some years before. Christmas Eve eight years ago a gentleman wh® did not believe in ghosts was pass ing that house. It was a weird, desolate looking place. All the windows were broken, it was destitute of paint, and the grounds around it were a field of long rank grass. Just as the gentleman got in front of the house he heard something: like a moan; the clock struck ll, an upper window was thrown open, something white appeared, fell headlong from the window and struck the ground with a "dull thud." For a momont the spectator was nonplussed. " I must have made a mistake, the clock struck 12, and that was the ghost," he thought. His common sense soon, however, got tho better of this idea, and he advanced to the gate to examine the pre mises. The gate was unlocked, and this helped to reassure him. He walked on to the lawn, and there found two old women preparing to carry j away a bundle of soiled linen. That was tho ghost. The Chancery suit had been settled, and the con tents of the house were to be sold. The bedlinen was being conveyed away by the old women to be, washed ; and to save^ carrying it downstairs they] had thrown it out of'tho window. "A At this festive season no doubt many will be* glad to hear that it is said to be possible ta restore one who is helplessly intoxicated to the almost complete use of his faculties in a very short time by administering to him a half-tea spoonful of ammonium chloride in a tumbler of water. CHRISTMAS IN THE NAVY.-There are plenty of people still living who can remember when the " duff" for Christmas dinner in the navy used to be mixed by being put in a wash-deck tub. A small boy was thoroughly scrubbed all over, and he was then made to tread the " duff " until it ! was thoroughly mixed. One man from each mess ' then cut off a leg from a pair of clean duck trousers, and the " duff " was poured into this and both ends of the trousers leg sewn up. Each mess was thus supplied with a long instead of a round plum pudding. These statements are made on tho authority of an old and experienced sailor. 