?ftARD HIT, ' tBTT '' YEEAX.' , ;. ?. ;?? ; ?--??? (Author of ' WITH THE TIDE,' ' BI.UE AMD WHITE, ' &c.;) (Specially Written Ibr the ' Referee.') *t.t. EIGHTS BESEBVED, ? ' ? CHAPTER XXIV. , * ??????-'' ' V ?;/???'- TESTATOB-EXAXTED. nHRITE to* his promise, Rolf called next -*- morning to:8eo Ms sister, and. Tilly ac companied him. Wftudo received them Trith evory mark of affection, and as she lookod in Tilly's aletx, frank blue eyes she could not but acknowledge Rolf had made a wise choice. There was something about Tilly Bris coa's mannor which at once put Maudo at her eauo with her, and boforo the 'Equatter'B daughter' had been in her company half an hour she felt tho country bred girl could bo trusted with any secret, cho might wish to impart. Maude rapidly sketched the history of her stags career. She said she was tired of boing a burden upon her relations, al though they wero vory kind to her, and sho went up to London much against their wish and took to the stage. She ro lated with pride how Bhp had becomo a successful actress, and with a pleading look at Rolf trusted he would not blame her for what sho had done. Then shespoko of hor acquaintance with Lord Studley^ and how kind lie had been to hor, and so, different from other mon of rank who hod tried to lay. their fortunes at her feet. It was with somo bitterness she alluded to the temptations she had en counterod, and tho persecutions and annoy ances sho had suffered. At the conclusion of her story Rolf took her hands, and look ing into her face kisBod her tenderly as ho said : 'My poor Maude. All the moro credit to you for coming through such great tempta tions pure and innocent. But what else could I espect from my own, dear sister, and a Standish-.' Maude felt guilty, and for a moment did not speak. Tilly had watched every movement of her face, and Raw the pained look which flashed across it as Rolf spoke. ' Sho has Buffored moro than she -would toll,' thought Tilly. ' I wish I could holp her.' Maude also saw the look of sympathy Tilly gave her, and that strengthened her in the resolve to tell her all. Rolf said he would loave Tilly with her for the remainder of the morning, and they could all moot at luncheon. He had an engagement at Tattorsall's Club which he must keep. 'Oh, yes,' said Tilly. ' Ton must know, Maudo — I shall always call you Mande now — may I?' she asked, with a winning emile. . 'Yes, Tilly. How nice that name sounds,' said Maudo. '?Woll,- you must know,' said Tilly, 'that dear old Rolf has a horse engaged in the Sydney Cup, and he's going down to Tattereall's to back it, put somo more cash on, he'd say, tho naughty man.' 'You must have done well out here, Rolf,' said Maude. 'Done woll,' said Tilly. 'He's rich. So awfully rich I'm half afraid of him. He's part owner of the 'Lucky Digger. Mine,' and Yer6nga Station, if you please. But I'll tell you all about it when he's gone. He's too modest -to do it himself even to his own sister. Now, not a word, sir. Go about your business,' said Tilly, with a stamp of her foot at Rolf. ' I've no doubt you'll sing my praises loud enough, Tilly,' ho said. ' But don't forget your father, who firat gave mo a helping hand when I was nearly starving, and who made mo a present of the Sydney Cup winner that is to be. Testator.' ' No more,' said Tilly, ' or yon will spoil my yarn.' Rolf went, leaving them alone together Tilly at onco plunged in her random fashion into the history of Rolf's adven tures, and Maude could not help smiling at the glowing account she gave of his per fections. ' There, I've done,' said Tilly. ' Isn't ho a real, good fellow, He's tho dearest, best old Rolf that over was. But don't you tell him. It might spoil him.' 'I promise,' said Maudo, laughing. Then she added, seriously. 'Tilly, I have something I want to tell you, but it iB for you alone. You must not mention it to Rolf or anyone. I feel it just to yon that you should know what I am,' said Maude, with a deop sigh. ' Know what you are,' said Tilly. . ' A dear, good Maude. A sister I shall love. I don't care what yon are. You are Rolf's sister, that is enough for me.' No, it is not enough,' said Maude. 'Listen. Tilly.' 'When I told Rolf my history I omitted one thing. When I left my friends I did not go alone,' she faltered. 'My poor Maude,' said Tilly, aB she put her arm around her waist and drew her close to hor Bide. ' Not alone, Tilly. I was tempted and I foil. ,Oh ! it was so hard. He promised to marry me if I .would elope with him. I knew his father was rich, and I trusted him to make me hia wife. We fled to London. What followed I will not darken your pure nature by telling you. Suffloiont to Bay that ho deserted me, and that I am Maude Standish still. What agony I have Buffered. lYhat' shame I have endured. Heaven knows my sin was great, but my punishmont has been heavy. I nearly starved to death in the streets of London, untiloby a'lucky ohance, I became engatced at the Alcazar, you know the rest, Tilly. I am not fit to touch you. Oh ! Tilly, if you could only know what I havo Buffered. But Rolf must never know. It would almost kill him to hear of his sister's shame. He would spurn me from him, and that is more than I could bear. That is why I have not told him all. Dp you deBpise me, Tilly?' she asked, tearfully.. 'Despise you. A thousand times, no. I am not a town bred lady. They call me forward, and free ; what do I care. I have a heart, and I can feel for you, Maude. Despise you. Never, sister. You are dearer to me now than you wore before.' Maude looked at tho noble girl before her, and fairly broke down. Suddenly Tilly said: : . ' And the brute who has so badly treated you. What became- of him, Maude ? Is he dead P' ? ' 'Don't mention him,' Baid Maude. 'I have buried him with my past life. If over wo do meet again he had better be-: ware,' and her eyes flashed dangerously. Tilly comforted Maude as only she could : have done, and .they wore indeed Bisters united at heart. . Rolf little thought of the tale Tilly had heard from Maude as he proceeded towards Tattersall's, where he met Nat Smiley and Hilton. 'Something's up,' said Nat. Tho Turk's gone back to 10's, and Lobelia's first favorite. ? They've made a dead set against Testator too'. Something's leaked out about Lobelia beating The Turk at level weights. If that's true we've no show.' : ; ' v. ' That can hardly bo possible,' .said Rolf. ' Fairfield' w jnld never have let The Turk be lit tho head of the betting so long had ho known suchto be the case.' 'But they. say he didn't know,' said Hilton. ?'??,? 'More of Rushton's dirty work, I suppoBo,' said Nat. , , They went inside, and soon found out that The. Turk was a 'dead -un,' bo far as somo of the books were concerned. . 'Mr. Fairfiold'a been hero in a fearful rago,' said a popular penoillor. ' Swears ho knew nothing about the trial, and has ordered Marlow to; give up his horse.' 'Who'll train him P' said Rolf. 'Blessod if I.know,' said tho bookmaker. 'Ho may leave him in the old stable when he calins down. I don't blame Marlow much, but that beggar Rushton's hit us all round this time.' ' Has he much on his mare ?' said Rolf ' Stands to win between 20 and 25,000.' 'Whew!' whistled Nat. 'Ho means business this time, at all events.' 'Looks a moral for Lobelia,' said Hilton; 'if the trial's correct.' It did look a moral, and before one o'olook the mare stood at the short odds of G to 4\. ..' . .? ? Rnshton came into the rooms, and was greoted with an ominous silence. ' A nice littio plant you've worked on U8 this time, Mr. Rushton,' Baid one book maker. ' I fancy I've got the best of the deal,' ho said. 'Want to hedge any money?' said another. ' Not a shilling,' said Rushton. ' I moan to have all or nothing this time.' Then seeing Rolf, he said : ' Can you hare another bet, Mr. Standish ? I'll lay you a level .five hundred my mare beats your horse.' ' Which ?' said Rolf j ' I've .two in the race.' ^ 'Testator. You know which one well enough, the other brute hasn't a ghost of a Bhow,' said Eushton. 'I'm well aware of that,' said Rolf; 'but I fancied I might just as well know which you meant.' ' What do you mean?' Baid Rushton. ' I mean that if I bet with you, wo must perfectly understand the naturo of tho wager.' ' Oh !' said Rushton, with a sneer. ' All right, Mr. Particular. I'll bet you a level monkey my maro beats Testator, «.nd I'll give you Tho Outlaw in with tho bet. That's two chances to my ono,' he said, laughing, ' Considering your maro's at 6 to 4, you'll havo much the better of the deal,' said Rolf, ' but I'll tako the wager,' and he bookod it. ; ' Halves,' said Nat, with a smile. ' Right,' said Rolf, ' but I'm afraid ifs not a good inve3tmont this time.' Whon it became known that Rolf had backed Testator, with The Outlaw thrown in, against Lobelia for a level five hundred, backers fancied ho must have had a great trial with Testator, and backod tho horse accordingly, until there was only a conple of points between the mare and Rolf's favorite. Rushton became furious at this, and once more backod Lobelia at short odds. 'Have you anything on Testator, Hilton ?' said Nat. ' 'Only what you've laid me to nothing,' he said. '; Well, here's twenty pounds, you can put that on him.' ' Thanks,'.' said Hilton, as he put it in his pocket, and went up to a bookmaker. ' Have you done it,' said Nat. ? 'Yes, I've backed our ' horse,' said Hilton. . ? ? _ ;? ' I hope he'll win,' said Nat. ' So do I,' was the reply. The eve of the Sydney Cup is not so ex citing as the night before the great Mel bourne event, but Btill there is quite enough stir to make matters lively. As the time drew near for the great event the betting market became somewhat un 30 1 tied. ? . . The Turk gradually came again, and the night before the race the quotations were : 0 to 4 Lobelia, 5 to 1 Testator, 0 to 1 Turk, 10 to 1 Mazeppa and Lucetta, and from 20 to 50 and 100 to 1 the outsiders. If ever a cup looked a one-horae-race, it did on this occasBion for Lobelia. The news had gradually spread around the city that Maude Bradley, the popular favorite, was none other than Rolf 'b Bister, and when she was constantly seen driving about with Tilly Briacoe the rumor was confirmed. Rushton had thought better of his de termination to see her, and he avoided her as much as possible. He felt safe, so far as Rolf was concerned, as ho knew Maude would not tell him of that little episode in which he was connected with her past life. Blossom Squirm was, however, .a sore thorn in Rushton's sido, and was con stantly bleeding him for money. He never doubted the unfortunate woman he had bo basely ill-treated was dead, and he felt he was in Blossom's power. . If Lobelia won he moant to go to Eng land and leave that horrid memory be hind. 'Blossom' was: delighted with him self. He had invested on Lobelia at long odds, and like a wise general had hodgod, bo that he could not lose, but must win, anyway. . He, however, stood a good stake if the mare got .home, and he was naturally anxious about her. . Although 'Blosaom' was an outcast,he was by no means a bad-hearted man, and consequently poor Mrs. Newton nee Smiley had a mi^better time of it Bince her recovery thal^iie hod before. Sho could not understand how ' Blossom ' obtainedmoney from Rushton, but so long as it came in she cared not. Sho had no desire, to see the man who had wronged her, but ' merely his money. 'Blossom' quietened her by stating Rushton had mode her a ''ansome' allowance, but didn't wish to see her. He meant to bide his time and play the live Mrg. Smiley as his trump card in his game of chance with Rushton. ? .. ' To-morrow will decido our fate,' said Briscoo as they chatted about the prospeots of the various candidates for the race. ' It won't break us if we Iobo, that's one consolation,' said Rolf. ' . 'No,' replied Nat, ' but if we win it will' put the last nail in Rushton's cofiln, or I'm much mistaken.' ? 'Is he as deep in the mud as that P' said !Briscoe. . ? ? - , 'YeB,'- replied Nat. ' . 'I don't wish him any. harm/' said Brisooo, ' but I hope he'll losei' . ?..:.: ? 'So do I,': said Rolf. ' He doesn't de serve to win.' ? ? ' ?'-Here's to Testatorj'Baid Briscoe, as he drained hiB'glass.. ? ,. '?'?'? '.^'Hero's to Testator, - and may he get home easily,' said Nat and Rolf. , And bo Testator becamo exalted, both uu the public's and his ownors estimation. l''y (TO BB OONTDTTOD.) ' '^ '^|; 