TRAVEL. VAMBEBY IN PEHSIA. FEW stories of travel are more interesting than those -which Atminius YamWry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Hunpeople among whom he pursued quiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass fora genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this way he managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired-information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Havingreached Teheran, he joined : caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan? j -they reach a spacious caravanserai io^tte .village of Kenaregird. Here, he says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly has one recovered breath from the hardships of ^he last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. TVe commonly travel at night and rest in the midbours of the day. About an hour before setting out supper is eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers.' Arrived at the station, the Dervi6li, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, he takes his kescliknl (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jaliu! jnhakh!" and •with an assurance that is really -wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After he has tormina ted lus roundbe mixes all together, and he is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful .supper. " He has no provision with him, cooks nothing, and yet he has enough," say the Orientals, "for his kitchen is^ furnished by God/" i borders reach nearly to Kum. In the of - t ^ ^ Etat> onHauz_ i_ Suitan(the of tiie Suit^), ^- hich consists of a large caravanserai, to which a subternueous acqueduct is conveyed, when we had quitted Kenaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert, he waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more omantic., The stillness of night, which in he great desert seems redoubled, sheets 4> e inexpressibly. The anticipation that I was yet to travel through the m ter desert' of Central Asia, lid the £ del- ht itolf M t]]e more tUe nderfni epectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizondoes the eye meet a point of rejt; only here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is conceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms lashed by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for he wrapped himself up in his burnous, thrust himself into fte ^ej^ostpart of tlle caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desertarouna him. It was towards midnight, when we heard from the distance a monotonous ring of j bells, and, as I eoon learned, this was from a large caravan which had'set out an hour before us. We redoubledour steps in order to overtake it; but hardly had we advifiiced a hundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. _ The Persians knew at once the cause of it "We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, j j^u^ about it> 1 got for answer that jj,^ waE a caravan of the dead. A caravan of the dead, I thought, that is singular; t B w my neighbour to get an ^ ^ ^ V c J e d out to me, "«o on, after a powerful spurring of his Yuu e ass, already hard enough, pressed, he to me as I was joining the aforesaid caravan, which consisted of about forlr horses and mules, laden with coffins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to eet nast it as soon as possible. I shall forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up with one of the riders. irT, ih In Bp' lt6 • ' him some ques- 3£d V convenedta^fi^d tendays, !£d W t o S themfor twenty days more w u v g a ṯ " the diEtant Kliorassan to Kerbela, to be placed in the same earth in which the J^S^ The be^te,l«den with the long Leads deep jn their the ridersoccupied themlclves with h ^ the lHusaon .with hoUow cry, Such* sight, In whatever neighbourhood, l£gloomy enough, but in the centre S the desert it ^ somethingindesoibahly mournful. The corpse* often — mangled in a frightful fashion I Persians have thought fit to maintain this hunSedyears. For whoever ^ ^ to Xertela lias the sweet hope himself on thp d?y pfU^HesUrrecidibouthobdofthe hplv martyr, and from hence, under his S i ^ f pa£iig to tlieever-green plains of Paradise. We reached Hauz-i-Soltan just at the rise of the morning star, hut nothing of great importance befel us there. Early next morning Kum appeared in the distance with its many green cupolas, the rich gilded one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian ladies. Here rests Fatima, the aster of Innan Ciza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, nt that time dwelling in Mesched. undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady could 'not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill- in Kum, died, and lies buried with a company of 4M,«ll of them saints. This town, lite Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of .the kingdom order themselyes" to be earned hither: . ;' Sim is -fery poor in buildings, but, in ^Spite ofjjhie, 3u the old™, time it -was a famous town. The neighbourhood is described as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys water hither from the adjacent hills. The water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State instructions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion the town and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the caravanserai, I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversation with tliem, •when one of my fellow-travellers called out to me, " Kffendi, what are you about ? You have been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean Jew! Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes, The poor children of Israel noted my kindness to them, and many of them came out of their cdls. They surrounded me in due form, and told me," all the while looking round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, which was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anything that required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with ears in his eyes, of the oppression the Jews uffered at the hands of the Persians, and ith joyous glance he looked around as he described to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultan s rule. He could not findwords sufficiently expressive with which to bless ' the Sultan. The poor Israelite had no idea that, in that particular the moring spring of the noble action was western eSigl 1 tenment alone. After two days we quitted Kum, and went a four hours' rideon a desolate route, to the village of Lenkuan. The caravan encamped in the village itself, but I moved forward to a garden in the vicinity to spend the day. In the midst of the garden is the little chtpel of an Imamzade (descend ant of anlman). The graves of this knan are very numerous in Persia, and rt is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still honoured. And no wonder, for each village,'he it ever so little, must have its saint. They improvise one, invent a legend and build a chapel on the bones of some famous hero. Tliis is immediately decorated with green tiles. Green is the colour with tjhiclTthe holy posterity clothe the head during life. Green therefore the House of the Graves must be. As T was : "resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravedigger approached. Marvellous stories did he tell of the dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," 6aid he, "a Persian khan, who rested in this same place, and a drunken condition, wished te betake himself afterwards to the interior, when he sunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. t Ay, EfFondi," he continued, " one must not c sport with a saint." llis look was full of P gravity as he Telated the tale, yet he very r soon made me understand that he expected swFsws a few pence, and when I handed them to him, he immediately went. away. Our resting- place in Kulirud, a little village of three hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tschapnrcliane (post- office), which, as everywhere in i'ersia, consists of a one-storiod building, of hich the upper 6tory is, nevertheless, only sed as a chamber far distinguished traeller*. After I had drank tea in the ay company of my fellow-travellers, I took little stroll in the village and sought out post-office, in the upper guest chamber ; of which my attention was directed toft striking number of pencilled .scrawls in a European language. In a earner I read a French quatrain, written by a fiep- son of Gaul, who, after a fatiguing ride,had stopped to rest here a few minutes. He described his home sorrow with words full of woe, and indulged bitterest wratli at arising from the poetical descriptions <>f Feisia, Not far thence on the walls, I discovered some pointed longshanked characters, in which a bravo Teuton wished to immortalise himself; and what do you suppose, dear reader,he had written on the wall ? a critique on the four verses of the Frenchman—and a pretty sharp one, too.. Hie poor honest German! The worn-out Persian posters had shaken his 1 >ones to pieces, lie wished to repose, and had nqt tame enough to leave behind him evir dence Of the well-know^ §olia information of his fatherland Frp$i Jfuhrfld the road .leads tip hill-and then bends down in pretty abrupt -slopes to thfi plains OBL the other side.. The. village of •fiof is the nearest station. A large part of our journey lying over the hilly neig|ibo»rc hood, the eaxj^ mom was Oftly but cold and frosty. The travellers stopped here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, kind of resinous shrub, which burns even L green condition, but when dried turns to _ crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, wo heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran .j the snot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The.circumstances were these: — Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shirnz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish merchants, who joined-us in Kuhrud; they mocked themnrst, but af terwardsf ollowea their wo^is with blows. A Persian, who fjsro pifcfor hu offecded fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shiran with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened; and as our people had made a few steps in ad vance, he wished, for an innocent ioke a6 he'said, to perforate with a ball" the fi fur cap of a Jew. He shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of liim lying in his blood roused our •vriiole party, and though the miscreant jalloped off as fast as his horse could carry iim, he was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst, of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfabani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walking. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended hes the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefevi, was a village named Murtschechar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in f Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas tbe Great, in spite of all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you ipproacli Isfahan you can discover traces jf its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (the Caravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontestahly in its day the most splendid building of its kind. As the town in the early autumn morninf; was covered with a kind of mist, I coulc. only see a few ruinous minarets rightand left, and liigh round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remariibale that these same birds, are found in the neighbourhood of Herat, Nschabur, and other towns, proving that it 'was a custom in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite birds. At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its ^giultic r.rcuit. The Persian, but especially the Xf f ahani, when he speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, 1 If Lahoro bad not liad birth, lrfahan -were half the earth." Isfahan is half the world were it not for. Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest own in the world after Lahore. To indiate the circumference of the town, the ersians state that a good rider could not ide round it in two days. This is probably to twenty fassai-gs; yet the city all itself, in its blooming period when the French traveller Chardin saw it, was only ix German miles in circumference, and when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the Persian is but Oriental, or what we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first to the eves of travellers, is really imposing. From the east to the west there is an endless chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, towers, and other high buildings are visible. The new seems illimitable. " Nothing," says Malcolm, «' can exceed the fertility and • beauty of the country in the vicinity of Isfahan, and the first view of the city is sutpassinglv striking. All the eye sees enraptures one's Eense. • Groves, avenues, luxuriant gardens, —of these there is such an absolute overflow as hides the ruins of this once famous city. The nearer view weakens this impression, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great admiration." In the East all is beautiful, but only externally, and in the distance. So I was not in the least suiprised when on entering the town I found the same crooked streets the same poor hou.*cs, the same din and filth and unmended ftreet? (n 1\Jjioren and all Persia state;. !VJ ese roan marriage is simply a fact of his life looked back upon with satisfaction or regret, according to the pleasure xir dipt. cornftt lie has experienced in it; tft wother . it has opened up a new work! of reqwnst bility and duty, a* happiness; it lias ilives{c$ lire \enti a sacred trust and a priceless' vahte, and has given a higher and nobler. a|m' for all endeavour than could have been gained -without it. "OUT WID TIT," SEZ I, "OB. 1*11 LAVE NO BONE AV PSBBEAKABIE. 