A FREE MARKET. The literal meaning of tho word '•Fair,” in It* commercial name, ia a “ freo market," In other words, ft “ fair** meansju raarketyt which oil and erery may purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where a1l|and erery can «ell with out any such disabiliUes us attach to ordinary markets. At one time tho fairs in England wore great features in the socml and industrial life of the iK.*oploj hut, since the lalablishmcnt of ruilwuys, and the qmoker intorco araunication whiclilhaa rcaulteddtluMcJfair* hare retty well died oat, ujmattor perlmp^for regret, in some mi pec U, but inevitable uuder tli" «* angetl condit—n of the national life. Here n Australia |fairs arc unknown. .ndcod vory little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-ti-hend colonies, Life is not ao slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a moTcment and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country arc accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, ns well as the awaken* d energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its arrrago than otir worthy fnrvfaUiew enjoyed, is still too. abort for alow or cumbrous methods; und the art now is Bought in all directions to do ua much in an hour no 100 yeare ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If wo live at higher pressure, wo obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, und is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which Beutimontttliflts arc continually rrglutting—jieop’o, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote:— ** Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, lint give us hack our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and ns educa tion and u higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we tlnd great establishments, such as Foy rind Gibson’s, of Smith street. Collingw rod, springing iuto existence, whose purpose it ii to •apply to a well-to-do population, the cumfoits, the necessaries, tho elegancies and reUncineuta of home Here we pause to make a correction. We hnvo said tliat fain arc unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this uwovcit, tin? firm we have mention*!. M**£/*■ Foy and Gibson, arc conducing a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic. though swidiap* botuewhat vulgar, exprc**uvu# M/i in a eight to .d** sore eyes good.” Atit Shwtrlwd amxutyvr who ir.uy happen past Metxrc, Yvy uui Gibaou's groat shops doling the day «W*It, Xttiuvd, I wye a Wge and generous n^nd if he fovVtaW f/XfUi a nigh 'A esory a* he notes the throng and prows of pvvple into and out of those places. A‘J ivrvod hy the ow ixopulae-an eager desire to avail to**«*ieJvw of toe advantage oileiod hy Foy ami Git*73 to pei/ehaaens during toeir grout To the’benevolent ft uftt give pleasure to reilect that at-least V) per cent, of these «vwda arc rendered, happier] ,hy. their ftUen'Jarc* at .tois .Fair, The young wife who haft bw/i/ie pftM*wd of one of 'those elegant'mantles, of which*each cumber* of surpassing beauty and grow arc exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more content/*! spirit than ha* hitherto ruled her. Tlw matron who haft ftocuxfjd ono of those up’endJd Uruasebi carpeta *t 4«.t’d, per yard will feci « gretikT pride than ever In Jirc home. The country gentleman who has par ch isod his suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiltlesBsloTouly bachelor days, ho luia been an utter stronger. In n word, it is] Impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at tlio ceaseless influx and out - flux of Tisitora to this Bhow to bo insensible to tiie circumstauco tliat these faita serre a higher purposu tlian perhaps ever entered into the caleula tioms of the uriginatom themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. Hut as a rule moral good follows upon alt honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Foy nud Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, ndd to them the important, though intangible balunce » in creased popular contentment. ; There is'anothcr lossontolearu fromtheso fairs,and that is,that in tho hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, ore beyond the influence of method. Tim rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even ns the laws of the Medea nud rcrslnns. A fixed system-result of' loug experience- and large business ex perience, controls ev-ty detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of tho throb and pulse of the steam enffiuc. Some idea tuny be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their sue when we inform them that the frontago extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there la a depth to I ittle Oxford street of 200ft. Tire grea show rooms, fil-’.'wlth thrlcostllest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed bellee nssrrablo here o' nights and, amidst dainty ailka and volvets. and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again nntno alight flavour of tiro delights which otreo moved them in the flesh. We do not behove in ghosts, but, as wo have Mr, Shakespeare' authority. Umt .there oro more things in heaven and' earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may. be on the cards tliat ghosts of de oitcd fair ones do .revisit these aeoncs of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at.Foy axd Gibson's Fairs. People—ladies in particular-who want n new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, having done so, do not experience a aensationaa of ono who lies behold a new revelation; all we edn sny is that they must be Very bland, and played out. For such people there hr hut one resource—-patent—med'einea,—fAovT,! 