? AN American Monte Cristo, [4Xfr BIGHTS EESERVJiiJ).^ ?d A ROMANOE); ' By Jtoian Hawthoenj!. « 'What you hs^ve done ip sure to 'be right/ j&e; answered, * but you are jmistafcen in thinking I know the house. This is my first visit to it.' \- Realty the very first ?' said the Count, retaining her hand a moment in his, and looking into her oyes. ' Well, I am glad. I had 6uppoeed you were here at the time your husband met his death j but I was wrong ?' \- You were misinformed.' \- So much the better. You will have no painful associations to contend with. But, pardon me, am I discreet in speaking frankly of these things ?' He had led her into a small room off: the hall, where a clear fire was burning softly in the grate, and where they were alone. * It is my impression,' he went on, * that you are not as other women ; ycU have a strength and elevation that despise the common frivoli ties of your sex ; and though you are too proud to wish to appear eccentric, yet in your heart you think your own thoughts and live your own life. You are a rebel and a heretic in the garb of orthodoxy. You are not ; offended ?' he added, smil ing. ' You please me immensely,' she replied. I 1 like to be told about myself ; and I daresay you are quite right about ine. But I never studied my own character — I have bo talent in that way — and I really don't know -whether I am just like other people or not. If seeing very few people can make me peculiar, I ought to be 60.' ' 3fy own experience,' obsers^d the Count, after a pause, ' has made me prefer tlie realities of life to any shows. When I asked you to come here and help me, I feared you would refuse. Most women ?p-ould have done so, because they are either fools who do not think or cowards who dread criticism. Your husband was murdered in this house three years ago to night. Even to this day it is unknown ?who struck the blow.' ' No, Count, I must correct you there,' interposed she, slightly disturbed, for the Count's manner was strangely emphatic, and the topic upon which he had fallen ?was not, after all, an attractive one. « There was no doubt about who committed the crime. There was no mystery.' ' No ! And was the true criminal pun ished ?' ' Yes ; so far as the ;jury was concerned. But he did not live to serve out his ? -. But, really, my dear sir,' she broke of£ laughing, ' we must not spend our valuable time discussing these things. It will not help our guests to enjoy themselves;' ' I will say, however, what Was in my mind,' rejoined he, regarding her gravely. ' I hope to have the honor of knowing you better, madame; but no friendship can be secure which is liable to the opening of skeleton closets. I wish to have your assurance that you have no secret horror of this place on account of what was done here? You do not feaT to see spectres ? You do not scent blood in the air ? In a word, madame, you are not superstitious — you do not believe that the influences of an evil deed are to be felt more in one place than another? That the ghost of your husuand, or of the man who was con demned as his murderer, is more likely to confront you in this house than anywhere else P' ' Why do you say these things to me, Count de Lisle ?' she asked, leaning back in her chair, and regarding him between her narrowed eyelids. ' Do you think it is quite considerate ? I am not of a hysteric temperament : but, if I have any nerves, you are not taking the best merns to soothe them. And what has my late husband to do with our acquaintance or with this din ner? I am not superstitious j I don't be lieve in ghosts. I accepted your invita tion to come here because I wanted to come ; I wanted to greet the first guests who came to Harry Trent's house. At the time of his death he was plan ning a reception here; and if it had taken place I should have . been the hostess. Our marriage, as you may have heard, was a secret one. I had felt for a long time the injustice of my position, and I looked forward very eagerly to that re ception in my own house as a public recog nition and acceptance. Instead of that I was forced to tell my own story in a court room. ' It was more of a disgrace' than a vindi cation. Now after years have passed, and I have kept to myself, your request appeared to me in the light of a long-delayed oppor tunity. Society here knows that this house has just passed from my hands to yours, and I am glad to be able to stand here beside you to-night and say, ' It was mine to give and I gave it I' I do not mind their criti cisms. I have the means and the. power- to take my place in' New York society, and to night my new life begins. If I meet with some antagonists, so much the better j it will make life more interesting. I don't wish to stagnate in success anymore than in failure. I have sometimes thought that I should value a deadly enemy more than the dearest friend. War is wholesome. Well.' ehe added, in a different voice, rising and Btanding before him with a emile, .' what do you think of me ?' ' I was not mistaken in you,' said the Count, nodding his head musingly. ' * I ask forgiveness foT my discourtesy and brutality, but I do not regret it, since it has moved you to speak as you have done. There 'is something akin in us, madame ; we may perhaps find some means of Ten dering life more interesting for Jsacfc. other. But I am not going to bore?yoii any farther at present. Come and see what . I have &6p.p^jixi make the houBe pretty.' ; ??' -v; -. . * * ' The lower rooms of ' the house were so arranged that when the sliding doors were . withdrawn they seemed to constitute ^sin gle large hall, interrupted by massive iire* gular pillars rising from the polished floor to the . ceiling. As you moved from -Jne point of view to another the scene took,on new changes of beauty* the tone ; «»£ Jiihe decorations inclined. 4»;a warm depth of hue, against which stood out ?-? ?jbfJBjre.' and there delicate feliafts and ar-?s -}£- %&glit;$r color* Lamps in' jewelled - shades iiung here and there, lopMug themselves li|:e pendant jewels, buifcthe jnain mumin&V; tion of the rooms came throjigh the friejse, which was of semi- transparent sheets ot alabaster and other oriental marbles, cut as thin, as panes of glass, and lighted from within so as to appeal self luminous. The ceilings of the rooms had been covered with white and pink roses, arranged in geometrical figures. The house, though : kept at a temperature of 70deg, was perfectly ventilated, and the freshness of the perfume of the flowers circulated through the air like an ethereal essence of fragrant life. The deep embrasures of the windows and the alcoves that broke the uniformity of the walls were curtained with eastern fabrics, soft as gossamer to the touch and exquisitely tinted. There were many nooks and corners that would be regarded by handsome youths and lovely maidens as ideal retreats .jfror love making. The ample scale of the apart ment was partly disguised by their accu rate proportions. They seemed not too large for the daily habitation of an ordi nary household, and they would easily accommodnte three or four hundred guests. The host's fair colleague had nothing but admiration to express. But at length, when they have made the circuit of the suite, she turned to him in perplexity and said : ' But what have you done with the dining-room — and the dinner ?' ' They are in the back yard/ replied he with a smile : * Come and see !' A portiere was drawn aside from a broad doorway, and through the opening came a fresh blooming of brightness ^and color, and a vision of new space and beauty. Here extended a vaulted saloon, oval as an egg, and walls and ceiling all one solid surface of flowers. Such a sight had never been 'beheld in New York or else where. For a height of seven feet from the floor all was violets ; countless myriads of the tiny purple blossoms over lapped one another, so that not the tip of a child's little finger could have been in serted between them. Above the violets was a bunch of yellow jonquils and nar cissuses, three feet in . width, forming a frieze ; and above all, the domed roof was a vault of roses, the color perfectly gradu ated from white below, through pink, to red at the top. Three great candelabra of Venetian glass, shaped in the form of many-branching flowers, depended from the ceiling. By some invisible contrivance, fine sprays of water played over the flowers and kept them fresh. The floor was of polished oak, constructed for dancing ; the whole . magical edifice covering the area of the garden at the back, of the house. It was here that the dinner was to take place. The table was designed in the form of a spiral or helix, affording easy sitting room for all the guests, and jet keeping them all in sight and speaking distance of one another. .The table service was Indian porcelain, with centre pieces of silver wrought by hand. At the upper end of the saloon a fountain splashed in a great basin of crystal, surrounded by delicate ferns ; and behind a silver trellis- work, covered with growing vines, were accom-- modations for musicians. The Count ex plained to his companion that the table was so contrived that it could be removed in a few minutes, and the -floor left free for dancing. * I have some ? other little features,' he added, ' which will appear when the timejJom.es ; I will not tire you by forcing you to review them now. You have seen enough.' . The beaiitif ul Sallie sighed. She was an ambitious woman, and she loved splendor and power. She understood that Count de Lisle had suggested more than he had per formed in his preparations for this unpa ralleled entertainment. Everything was made to appear as simple as possible ; only an educated intelligence could divine the enormous resources necessary to create this result. She had dreamed of such resources, and was conscious of the ability to ad minister them, had she had them. By her side stood the man who could, if he would, endow her with them. He and she to gether could command as brilliant a destiny as had ever fallen to the lot of mortals. She drew a long breath, and, arched her brows. ♦ Had she not, within herself, the means to attract him ? Was not the f a!ct that she was here to-night an indication of his preference F She put her hand within the arm he offered her, and leaned upon it, and looked up in hip 'face. * You are not disappointed ?' he said. 'I have never been content till now,' she answered. * You are quite- content, then ?' ' Yes — almost !' He met her glances as if he understood, and accepted a veiled meaning in her words. They moved out of the saloon and returned to the reception-room. ' I will take you upstairs,' he said, * to the room which I have placed at your exclu sive disposal for this evening. There you can rest while I attend to what remains to be done. There is still an hour or two before the guests will arrive- When it is time I will summon you.' They.mounted to the second floor accord-, ingly, she still leaning on his arm. He left her on the threshold of the room, and the door closed behind her as she entered. There was a fire of logs in the fire-place, and in the chandelier a score of flames burned steadily. The room, was like the chamber of a fairy princess. Every appli ance that could render a woman's exist ence luxurious and exquisite was there j every sense was flattered, «very soft im pulse stimulated. She moved about, zest ing her eyes on one delight after another. The bed, the toilet-table, the wash-stand, the low chairs and' divans, the soft rugs ?underfoot, the 'walls hung with lovely tapestry, the numberless minor beauties 0/ decorations that only women of a certain fineness of taste and temperament know how to appreciate — all seemed designed for her. Was it so, indeed ?,' .-.?.. She seated herself at length and fell into a long reverie. Opposite 'to -wnere she sat was a tall .and 'wide mirror, in which she saw herself reflected at full length. It was set in the wall:; the heavy bevel of the glass and its frame of ebony witlxjivpry filagree pattern inlaid, showed that it was a rare antique— fiuch a mirror as the anagir cianB of old- time werefabled *o employ in the Decromantic mysteries. One inight expect to behitild 5n ^ ^eeret ec^nieB Horn the future or '^e1^a«ibi-4ce^jec^b^-^p^a hBaxtifo&t;&eptitB; ^T^coiiiisi^o^/ ?-. ??; '?*[? % ??'?? \::f^-'i3^p^^i^^^L:i-j^i3Bb^^ ^vef.l*nBv;^oinBua».: Her aaind ^wuad^a* ..????? - ' . ? ' ' jr ? ? region... of thought; to ajx^lher. She sat With, eyes Ixsjf -cloBed.5 all around her was -s$XL Glimpses of her earliest life passed before her ; and then pictures nearer to the | present, and not so fair. She strove to banish theni, and to fix her mind on the \ anticipation that had lately suggested itself to her. To be the- mistress of this house — the wife of this man— ^-the dis penser of his fortune. But, by a perverse infelicity, her memory reverted to their talk in the reception-room. She saw the court-room, the judge and jury, herself in the witness-box j and then, in the prisoner's dock, the pallid countenance, framed in black hair, of the youth who was on trial for' his life. He was condemned 5 he was dead ; his look seemed to ; reproach, her for his death. Either her eyes were dim, or the room had grown ' strangely dusky. What light there was appeared to concentrate on the mirror. In its depths a figure darkly ap peared, growing more distinct as she gazed upon it. What was it ? Not her own reflection, though, she had not moved from her position. No. This figure stood erect j it was clothed in black garments j it ad vanced from a. shadowy background. It was the figure of a man 5 surely she had seen it before ! Her nerves thrilled cold and her joints stiffened as she looked. Was her vision assuming concrete form before her eyes ? The face -was still ob scure .; but in that slowly increasing and lifting light it dawned into appalling visibility. And now it was revealed ! It was he — it was Keppel Darke ! A black veil seemed to swathe the lower part of his countenance j his features were con torted in a ghastly stare, directed upon her. He raised his hands and appeared to struggle with the semblance of a rope about his neck. Then he pointed to the floor at her feet, and with a sudden flash of conviction she knew that this room, so cunningly disguised, was the room in which Harry Trent had fallen, stabbed to the heart! With a shriek she sprang to her feet, and staggered forward. (TO BH CONTtNTTBD, 