-§unliau Ifotbtng. THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE ON THE RESURRECTION. The following is the substance of an Easter sermon preached by the Bishop of Melbourne, who was in Adelaide this week :— Once more we stand face to face with the fundamental miracle of Christianity — that of the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. St. Paul, the chief exponent of Christian doctrine, declares the truth of the Resurrec tion to be so vital to Christianity that if its Founder did not rise again, apostolic preach ing was vain, and the faith oi the hearer was vain also. But some who profess and call themselves Christians would have us think otherwise. They would fain persuade ua that the rejection of the miraoulous in Christianity is not incompatible with the retention of all its great spiritual truths, and that even though, we no longer believe that Christ is risen, we may still believe that God has specially revealed Himself through Christ, and that the highest religion of man kind is founded on His life and revelation. 1 think it important to show that the position thus taken up is altogether untenable ; that not the Church above, but Christianity itself, is based upon miracle, as a house tests on its foundations; that, bo far from remaining intact when the miraculous element is taken from it, Christianity expires, even as a man dies when his life-blood is drained; that the n:at preachers of Christianity rested their whole claim to attention on one grand miracle — that of the resurrection — of which they proclaimed themselves the appointed witnesses ; that the existence, institution, and worship of the Church of Christ cannot be adequately accounted for unless that one miracle occurred. And [finally, that if Christ be not risen, His claim to Godhead must be disallowed, and in that case blots may be seen upon Hia human character which obscure its 'glory, and render it unlit in some respects to be held up to the admiration and imitation of mankind. The miracle of the Incarnation was not that to which the apostles were to testify in this first instance, and this tar an obvious reason. The Incarnation was a miracle of which the senses could not be cognisant. The Holy Babe whom the shepherds visited at Bethlehem resembled other infants. There was no oat ward sign to indicate tbat He who was ' born of the Virgin Mary' had been 'conceived of the Holy Ghost.' And, therefore, during our Lord's ministry on earth His followers were under no formal obligation to believe that he was God. He did indeed assert His Divinity again and again, and that in terms so plain that the Jews crucified Him because He said that He was the Son of God ; bat the ' formal proof of it had not yet been given. At length the proof was furnished. He who suffered under Pontius Pilate was crucified, dead, and buried. He had promised His disciples that He would rise again on the third day. To prevent the fulfilment of that promise, or to guard against the possibility of any fraud which should make it appear that it had been fulfilled, every precaution was taken — the sepulchre was made sure, the stone was sealed, and a band of Roman soldiers kept guard. But early on the third day the grave was empty. ' These things were not done in a corner.' Ever since that thud day the Churoh of Christ has worshipped Him aa Divine. St. Thomas, the type of the sceptical mind among the apostles, received fall satisfaction a week afterwards, and acknowledged it in that memor able confession, ' My Lord and my God.' The Acts of tbe Apostles clearly show that the burden of the message proclaimed by the first preachers of Christianity was the Resurrection of its Founder ; upon that event they rested the universal obligation to believe what He had said concerning Himself. When it became neces sary to ral &p; the vacancy in the apostolic company, caused by the death ot Judas, St. Peter declared tbat tbe indispensable qualifi cation of the person to be elected was that he should have been a witness of the Resurrec tion. And when some at Corinth disputed St. Paul's claim to be an apoBtle his indignant answer wass, ' Have I not seen Jeans Christ our Lord.' How then does the miracle of the Resurrection bear upon that of the Incarnation? In this wax — St. Paul, writing to the Christians at Korce, announces that the theme of the Goapel is Jeans OhriBt our Lord, '* Who was born of the seed of David aocording to the flesh, and declared to be the Son of God with power by the resurrection of the dead,' i.c , the Resurrection marked Him out as being the Son ot God. The miracle of the Resurrection, which men could verify, guarantees the truth of the Incarantion, which they could not verify. It is to be wished tbat the opponents of the Christian miracles would confine their attacks to the miracles of the Resurrection, which has been well termed ' the centre of the Christian position.' The question of the Bible miracles is sometimes treated as if they were all of equal evidential importance; bat no one can think bo who considers the unique position assigned by the New Testament writers to the Resurrection of Chriet — a position go unique that if that miracle be true, it will sustain all the rest; ; if it be nqf.true, all the others will fall vitb it. Toat this was St. Paul's view is clear from. the text. That great rum gave np more, did more, suffered more foe Cbrut than any eS the otiie* uptrtk*. If w»j mun ' haa ever known where the strength of Christianity lies, he was the man. Now let me suppose that some Christian preacher in tbe Church ol Corinth had lost all faith in xniraelest and consequently in this partiaultr miracle ol the Resurrection, and e»me to consult St. Paul in private on the question whether be could consistently continue to preach Christianity, though he no longer be lieved in tbe truth of the Christian miracles. Suppose that he put the case to St. Panl thus : ' After many a painful conflict I have arrived at the conclusion that miracles are incredible. I can no longer believe in the Incarnation and Resurrection of Christ. But I would fain have thee tell me if my rejection of the miraculous will in any way weaken my preaching as to the great spiritual truths which I have been accus tomed to teach. It is true that t can no longer consider Christ as God ; yet I propose to teach that on His life the highest religion of mankind is founded, and tbat He is the Head and're preeentation of mankind, Jesus Christ our Lord. Now, tell me, Paul, b thiB position tenable? Will tbe truths which I shall continue to teach be able to stand when deprived of their miraculous sup ports?' Yon know what St. Paul would have said in reply to this enquirer, 'If Christ be not rieen, then is our preaching vain.' Preaching which denies the miracle of the resurrection baa no certain message of pardon for sinnerB ; it cannot proclaim any sacrifice for Bin ; it cannot administer comfort to the mourner ; it cannot hold out the ' hops fall of immortality 'to cheer the dying hour. In a word, Christianity without miracle iB power lesBto convert sinners, to sanctify believers, and to eave souls. To turn to another aspect of this vital subject — If this miracle never occurred how shall we aocount for the progress, the institutions, and the worship of the Church of Christ? It is notorious that the early preachers of Christianity built the church on the belief in the resurrection. Most of them were poor in this world's goods, destitute of rank and powerful connections, Tbe learning, the fashion, the political forces of the early ages, were arrayed against them. They were im prisoned, tortured, put to a violent death for the sake of Christ, and they submitted cheer fully to all this because Hie resurrection assured them tbat He wsb God. Pliny in his famous letter to Trajan (ad. 110), states that the Christians were accustomed on a stated day to meet befor9 daylight, and to .sing alternately among themselves a hymn to Christ, as God. We know that after three centuries of bitter conflict Christianity trinmphedover Paganism ; « the blood of the Christians was the seed of the church.' She exists still, yea more, she is found in all lands; she is continually lengthening her cords and strengthening her stakes. How can this be accounted for if the miracle on which she rests never oc curred. Further, the church has jealously guarded two great institutions, observed in her Lord's honor, and bearing hia name— the Lord's Day and the Lord's Supper, St. John speaks of the Lord's Day in the second morning lesson appointed for this great festival, and St. Paul of the Lord's Supper in his first epistle to the CorinthianB. Wherever ObriBtiana are to be found you find them observing these two institutions. You can trace the observance of them .backward from age to age until you come .to that first day of the week on which Chris tianB believe tbat Jesus Christ rose again. From that time to this they have observed Sunday, or the Lord's Day, in memory of his reaaireotion ; and they have met together on that day from generation to generation to break bread and to drink the cap of blecsisg in memory of him who died for them, and who-proved the efficacy of that death by rising again on the first day of the week. Let me now turn to tbe worship of the church, as expressed in its prayers; creeds; and hymns. The Lsrd Jesus is either God or a created being. If He ia God He is the proper object of worship and adora tion ; if He be a creteure how can prayer be addressed to him 1 It is a remarkable feature of our Book of Common Prayer that it is drawn for the moBt part from the ancient sources extant. In Us pageB we worship Goi with Gregory, GalatiuB, and Leo, and with the fathers of the Nicene age. It abounds with the worship of Christ as God. We can trace our worship through creeds, canticles, and collects, back to apostolic times, and pause again at the miracle of -the resurrection as the foundation of the church's worship. But some tell ns that the life of Christ may be profitably preached, even if his resur rection be denied. My brethren, I affirm again that this position is untenable unless Jesus Christ is God. His life ifl indeed the only perfect life. Bat we cannot separate the actions of Christ from His teaching. A large portion of the Gospel narrative consists of dis courses. In these discourses our Lord does more than merely announce certain ethical pre cepts of great beauty and value. He also claimB the eupreme love, homage, and obedience of ail His disciples. He claims equality with God, He claims that all men should render to the Son the came honor that they render to the Father. The claims of Christ upon His followers involve a boundless self-assertion, 'He that lovetfa father or mother more- than Me,' He eays, 'iB not worthy of Me.' Now, if Jesus Christ is God, these claims are justified at once ; then no devotion to Him can be too great, co sacrifices for His sake too oostly, no labors too exacting. But if He be not God, we must needs ask — Who is this who thus holds Himself up to our view as the object of our unconditional obedience and service? We have been accustomed to regard Him as the pattern of humility, the meek and lowly one, whoee yoke we are to take npon us, Wd have been wont to look upon Him as a perfect example of unselfishness, inasmuch as He 'carce not to be ministered unto, but to minister.' We have looked op to Him as the model of sincerity, as the soul of truth. And so long as we believe Him to be God. these virtues ehine with heavenly lastre. He was humble, if, being in the form of God; He took upon Him the likeness of men. He -was cneelfish if, being God, He o&'ered Himself up on. the cross as a sacrifice for the Bin of the' world. He was sincere, if, being God, He claimed the attributes of Divinity. But if He was not Gcd where was His humility, His unselfishness, His sincerity? On such a supposition the mind recoils from the self assertion everywhere prominent in the sayings of Christ and pronounces it inconsistent with the perfection of a human character. But it is asserted by some who deny the Resurrection that they can still teach tbat the spirit of Christ's life is the life and salvation of men. My brethren, I affirm again that this position is untenable unless Jesus Chriet rose again Such teaching in the mouth of a believer in out Lord's Resurrection would convey a blessed truth, namely, that Christ having risen from, the dead to die no more, and having taken Hib seat at the right hand of God, does according to His promise send the Holy Spirit to convince men of Bin, to quicken and renew them, and to make them meet for Heaven. Thus He said to His dis ciples, ' Because I live you shall live alea. ' But if He be dead, which He mast be in the opinion of those to whom miracles are in credible, it is difficult to see how Hia life can benefit mankind in any other sense than that in which the biography of any great and good roan does bo. I have endeavored to show now irreparable a loss Christianity sustains by the denial of the Resurrection of our blessed Lord, It ia like a casket robbed of its jewels. As Mioah when robbed of the objects of his worship, exclaimed, 'Ye have taken away my gods and what have I more?' So Christians when invited to give up the Christ of the Nicene Greedj may well asB what residum-of Christianity ia left worth contend ing for ? It remains that I should say somewhat con cerning the root of such errors as those which have occupied our attention. 1 am persuaded that their root is often to be found in defective views of sin, its evil and malignity, and its ex ceeding hatefulness in the sight of God, If you think highly of our poor fallen nature, if you are reluctant to acknowledge its depravity and your own spiritual helplessness, if yon imagine that your prayers, your repentance, and your good deeds can atone for sin, it is a natural consequence that you should think meanly of Christ. Entertaining superficial and inade quate views of the disease of sin, you will attach but little importance io the Divinely appointed remedy— 'To whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little.' -On the other hand, just in proportion as the Holy Spirit enlightens any man to see himself in this state of moral ruin, he hails with gratitude the glad tidings that the Son of God endured in oar room and Btead the curse of a broken law ; that tbe Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all, and that His most precious blood pro cured tbe remission of sins, because He who shed it is Divine. It has been well said that, '* Vast as is the conception of a world of sinners redeemed, atoned for, reconciled, the premise that Jesus crucified was truly God more than covers it.' In conclusion. The question, 'What think ye of Christ ? Whose Son is He?' has rivetted the attention of Christendom for 18 centuries. But as tbe hour draws near when He who died and rose again shall come the second time in gloriocs majesty to reign King of Kings and Lord of Lords, the conflict between his friends and his foes waxes better day by day. The former adore Him with ever-increasing vene ration and love, the latter oppose Him witi a growing hatred. When He takeB His seat upon the throne of Hia glory, it will be an awful thing to have thought meanly of Him and to have been aehamed of Hud, Pray then to God that He will keep you steadfast in the faith. Seek an experimental knowledge of Cbriat as your Saviour, then all doubte con cerning His Resurrection and Divinity will vanish away. You will know that He lives, even aa you know the sun shines in the Heavens, by the life and warmeth which his beams impart. ' He tbat believeth in the Son of God hath the witness in himself.' It may be that' the Church of Christ will ere long be involved in a migbter struggle with error than any which she has yet encountered, bat she will emerge from it more than conqueror through Him tbat loved ber. Take heed that }xa £te to Him as the refuge of the eoul. 'The name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous runneth into it and is safe.' 