A FREE MARKET. The literal meaning of the word u Fair,” in iU commercial eeaso, U a 4* tree market," In other word*, i uf»ir**raean«Ainmkct*atwU:chan and every may jwivhasw? or not without being subjected to fee or tax. and aUj where all and every can s*ell with out any such dinabilities as attach to ordinary market-*. At one time the fairs in England were grunt features in' the social and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of nilway*, and the quicker intercommunication which lets resulted, theae fairs have pretty wt-H died out, a matter perhapi for regret. in some respect*, but iueritable im U»i the change! cunlitioai of the national life. Here n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-beadrolonic?. life is not so slow and lethargic os in Europe, anl business is done with a movement and force to vrir'c'a, even iu this day, few provincial folk in the o.d country are accustomed. This, however, to a necessity, following upon onr freer and more prosperous comliltoo, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century, life, tub, though longer in its average than our worthy furrUtbers eajoyeJ, to auU too short for I alow or cumbrous methods; and the art now U I sought in all directions to do at much in so hour as 1 100 years ago was accomplished in a week* This, however, is tnt a matter for marvel. ! If we live at higher ptesmre, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could pcmiblr eatn. The arerage earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those “good old days" vrfrich sentimentalists are continually regretting—people, by the way, who are of similar sapiens constitution to that of Lord Manners 44 Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility/* People nowadays have money to spcod, and sa educa tion and a higher intelligence ha re taught them howto spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For «nl Oitwon'., at fimiUi street, Cafliojfwood. sftfegu>3 into exMescc, whose porpoee it is to »3pp!y to» well-to-do population, the cotnfotU. the iwreasrin, the elegancies and refinements of home life. . Here,we pause to make a correction. We have •aid that faint am unknown in Australia. We it* wrong. At this present moment, the firm wc have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting, a. gigantic Fair, to n*e a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, ujwusum, M it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any the*tries! manager who may happen pavt Mwn, Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day most, indeed, hsre s large and'generous tniod tf hs fdtbear from' a sigh of envy as he the throng and pros* of people int* out of those places. All moved by the one unputoc—an eager ■ desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to pnrehaarr* daring their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to J reflect that at least DOper cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. ; The young wife who has become possessed of of those elegant mantles, of which strch number* of j surpassing beauty and grace arc exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spiritth&n; ha* hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at ts.GC. per yard will fed a greater pride than over in her home. The country gentleman who has par chawed his suites of furniture for the bomb to Which be shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to whioh hitherto, during his shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been an otter stranger. In a word, It to] impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at - the ceaseless influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fails serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themartvre. Wc do hot sup* ptoe that Mwara. Foy and Gibeoa, when contemplat ing the establishment of these flips, took Into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of tha matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they i reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance a in creased popular contentment. . 'There to another tswontolrera from these fairs, nod that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affaire, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the 'influence of method. The"rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the i Medea and Fentons. A fixed system—result I of long experience-\nl large business ex perience, controls every detail of the bud-! ness, so} that ^ matter* go on lik* machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and putoe of the ■team engine. . -Some idsamsy.be formed by- those who have nerur vtoited Foy. and' Gibson's premises of their sire when we'Sforta -Ibrin ^tBf ffie'-Trontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to little Oxford 'Street' of 200ft. The great show rooms, filled with* tho costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if gbovto of departed holies assemble here o* nights and, amidat dainty eQks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved ih**™ iu the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as ~wc have Mr. Shakespeare* authority that there are more things in has von and earth-than are dreamt of in our philosophy, ^ may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair unes . do. remit these scene* of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibsen’d Fair*, i 