Cardinal Newman on the " Awful Disclosures of Maria Monk" A There is nothing finer in Cardinal Newman's splendid work, " The Present Position of Catholics in England" nothing certainly more characteristic than his Examination of certain fictions which have been made to do duly as ovidenco against the Catholic Church. In the following extract haviug proved the emptiness of the charges alleged by the once notorious Dlanco Winte ne proceeds to show how much more monstrous are the more generally received " Awful Disclosures of Maria Monk." Here is a man you can trust : and you see how little ho has to say to the purpose of Protestantism after ail. Me makes the most indeed of his little, but be gives us the means of judging for ourselves. Here is no conspiracy of evil, 110 deep-laid treachery, no disguised agents prowling about, 110 horrible oaths no secret passages, trapdoors, dungeons, axes, -racks, and thumbscrews; no blood and fire, no screams of despair, no wailing of children, no spectres born of feverish guilt, and flitting befoje the mental eye. Here is little more than what happens every day in England ; for I suppose that hero in l olestant England there are secret unbelievers, nud men who are fair and smooth, but inwardly corrupt, and many a single female wasted by weariness and sadness and many a married woman cursing the day she ever took her vow ; for these things must be, though they ought not to Ire, while the natnro of man is the same. And moreover, as I have said, I . I the popular voice seems to bear me out in the view I am taking; for this testi mony, given under such favourable cir cumstances against the Church, ha been let drop out of print; for it was after all tame; it did not do its work ; it did not go far enough ; it was not | equal to the demand ; it \va£ not in 1 keeping with the great Protestant J Tradition. | No, it must contain something huge, enormous, prodigious, because the people love story books, and do not like dry matter of fact. How dull is history, or biograpy, or controversy, compared with a good romance, the lives of high waymen, a collection of giiost stories, a melodrama, a wild-beast-show, or an execution ! What would a Sunday newspaper be without trials, accidents, and offences ? Therefore the poor Catholic is dressed up like a scarecrow to gratify, on a largo scale, the passions of cariosity, fright, and hatred. Some thing or other men must fear, men must loathe, men must suspect, even if it be to turn away their minds irom their own inward miseries. Hence it is if a stranger comes to a small town, that be furnishes so inexhaustible a supply of gossip to bis neighbours, about who he is, what ho was, whom I12 knows, why he comes, and when he will go. If a house .is empty for a while, it is sure to be haunted. When learning began to revive, your student was the object of curious horror : and Dr. Faustus, the printer and (as the nursery rhyme goes) ; schoolmaster, was made a magician, and | is still drawn as such in poems and romances. When, then, a Catholic Church is opened in a place, or a monastic body takes up its abode there, its novelty and strangeness are a call for fiction on those who have a talent for invention; and the world would be seriously disappointed, if all sorts of superstition were net detected in the Church's rites and all sorts of wickedness in her priests and nuns. The popular appetite does not clamour long iu vain. It asks, and it is answer ed. Look at the poor degraded crea tures strolling about from village' to village, from settlement to farmhouses, among the primitive and simple population. She has received an injury in her head when young ; and this has taken away, in part, her res ponsibility, while it has filled her brains with wild ideas, and giveu it a morbid creative pawer. Ere she is grown up she leaves her home, and flits here and there, the prey of anyone who meets with her. Catholics nve all ronnd about her; as a child she has been in a Catholic school and perhaps she has from time to time waodered into Catholic Churches, She enters. She peers about ; still and demure, yet with wild curious eyes, and her own wanton thoughts. She sees, at first glances, the sanelity and gravity of the ceremonial : she is struck with the appearances of modesty, whether in the sacred ministers or in the nuns; but her evil heart instautly sug gests that what shows so well is nothing but a show, and that close under the mi! fare lies corruption. She contem plates the whole scene, she cannot for get it ; but she asks herself, What if it be but a solemn mockery cloaking bad deeds ? The words, the actions, so cairn, so gentle, the words of peace, the sacramental actions, she carries them off with an accurate motuory ; those verses and responses, those sweet voices those blessings, and crossings, and sprinklings, and genuflections. But what if they all be a cloak ? And when the priest went out, or when be spoke to any one, what was it all about ? And when lie was in bis confessional, and first one penitent, and thon another came to him, what could they be say ing ? Ah, what indeed ! what if it all he but a cloak for sin ? There is the point. What if it lie but a jest ? Oh, the pleasant mischief! the stirring, merry fancy ! to think that men can look so grave, yet love sin ; that women, too, who pretend so much, need not be better than she is herself; that that meek face, or those holy hands, belong to a smooth hypocrite, who acts the angel and lives tho devil ! She looks closer and closer, measuring the limbs, scanning the gestures, and drinking in the words of those who unconsciously go about their duties in her presence ; and imputing meanings to the most harmless and indifferent actions. It really is as she suspected, and the truth breaks upon her more and more. Her impure imagination acts upon her bodily vision, and she begins to see the image of her own suspicions in the objects she is gazing on. A sort of mirage spreads through the sucred building, or religious house, and horrors of all kinds float across her brain. 8he goes away, but they pursue her; — what tnay not have taken place amid those holy rites, or within those conse- crated walls ? The germ of a romance is already fermenting in her brains, and day after day it becomes more developed in its parts, and more constant in its form. Poor sinful being ! She finds herself ia a penitentiary ; no, sure, it is a religious house ; so she will consider it, . 4 so well she henceforth speaks of it ; everything she sees there speaks to her of her feverish dreams ; the penitents become nuns; the very rooms, passages, windows, and stairs, she regonizes them as conventual, tho very convent which fancy has beeu framing. Things utterly separate from ench other are confused together in her bewildered mind ; and when she comes into the world again, she thinks herself a nun escaped from confinement, and she now begins to recollect scenes of indescribable horror, which gradually become clearer and clearer. Now, .Protestant public, the hour is come ; you have craved after lies, and you shall have your fill ; you have demanded and here is the supply. She opens her mouth : she lifts her voice; your oracle, your prophets, your idol, 0 Protestant public, is about to -speak ; she begins, her " Awful Dis closures." Who is the hapless creature, very wicked, very mischievous, yet much to be pitied ? It is Maria Monk. My Brothers, in what I have be:n saying, I have but giveu substance in my own way to the facts recorded of her ; but those facts are simply as I have stated them. The history of the wretched impostor was traced out and given to the world immediately on the publication of her romance. It was deposed by divers witnesses that she was born of parents who had lived at Montreal in Canada, about tho year 1816. When about seven years old, she broke a slate pencil on her head, and had been strange ever since; at the age of eight she frequented, a convent school j when about fourteen or fifteen slio left her mother's roof ; and is found successively in the service of various persons, an hotel- keeper, a farmer, a tradesman, and others, and then for a time was de pendent on charity. From one of her mistresses she absconded with a quantity of wearing- linen : she was discharged by two otherB for her bad conduct, and was generally looked upon as a person of at least doubtful character. Then she made her appearance at Montreal .itself, declaring she was daughter to Dr Robertson, a magistrate of the city, who iiad kept her chained in a cellar for fonr years. This attempt failing, she next went off to the United States, appeared at Now York, and-then began a second and more successful tale against one of the convents of the city she had left, from which she said she bad escaped. She was taken up by a party of Now York Protestants, who thoroughly believed her, and reduced her story to writing. Who was the author is not quite certain ; two names have been mentioned, one of them a person con nected with this town. In this book, whoever wrote it, she gives a minute description of her imaginary Gonvent in Montreal, and of some of the nuns aud others she professed to have known there. On tho slander making its way to Montreal, Protestants carefully went over the calumniated convent ; and they reported, after minute inspection, that it in no respect answered to her account of it ; indeed, it was certain she had never been within it. It was proved, on the other hand, that her description did distinctly answer to "a penitentiary of which she had lately been an inmate, and whence she bnd been dismissed for bad conduct; and further that the account she gave of her nuns in the convent answered to some of her fellow-peoitents. Moreover there is something about the book more remarkable still, not indeed as it con cerns her, but as it concerns the argu ment I have in several of these lectures been pursuing. I have insisted much on the traditional character of the fable of which Catholics are the victims. It is the old lie, brought up again and again. Now this is most singularly ex emplified in the infamous work I am speaking of. On its appearance the newspapers of the day asserted, without contradiction, that it was in great measure a mere publication of a work priuted in the year 1731, under the title of 44 The Gates of Hell opened, or a Development of the Secrets of the Nunneries." " Maria Monk's Pamph let," says a Liverpool paper, " is a verbatim copy of that work, the only difference being a change of names." The editor of the Boston paper " pledg ed bim6elf that this was the fact and the editor of another "was ready to make affidavit that the original work was in his possession a few months previously, when it had been lent to the publishers of the Maria Monk's Dis closures." To show this he copied out passages from both works, whioh were- the same word for word. Here, then, you have a witness who is prepared to go any lengths in support of the Protestant Tradition, however truth or principle may lie in har way ; and offensive as it will be to you to listen, and painful to me to read, you must, for the sake of the contrast be tween her and Mr. Blanco White, sub mit to one or two of those passages from her romance, which I am able ; "without impropriety to quote. Now, I will give you the key to the whole book considered a3 a composition, and its burden, and (what may be called) its moral, as addressed to the Protestant world. It is an idea, which, as I have already said, was naturally suggested to an impure mind, and forcibly addressed itself to. a curious reader. , Mankind necessarily proceeds upon the notion that what is within 'discloses itself by what is without; that the soul prompts the tougue, in spires the eye,- and rales the demeanour; aud such is the doctriue of Holy Writ, when it tells us that 44 out of tho abun dance of the heart the mouth speaketh." l-Ience, when strangers visit a nunnery, and seo the order, cheerfulness, and quiet which reigns through it, they naturally take all this as the indication of that inward peace and joy which ought to be tho portion of its inmates. And again, when strangers attend Mass and observe the venerable aud awful character of the rite, they naturally are led to think that the priest is "holding up pure hands," and is as undefiled in heart as he is grave in aspect. Now it is the object of this Narrative to reverse this natural association, to establish the contrary principle, and to impress upon the mind that what is v.itbin is always what the outward appearance is not, and that the more of saintliness i3.inthe exterior, the move certainly is there depravity and guilt in theiraheart. Of course it must be confessed, there have been cases where what looked fair and beautiful was but a whited scpulchure, "full within of dead men's boues and of all filthiness such cases have been and may be, but they are unnatural surely, not natural ; the exception, not the rule. To consider this as the rule of things, you must destroy all trust iu the senses ; when a man laughs, you must say he is sad ; wheu he cries you must say he is merry ; when he is over bearing in words, you must call him gentle; and when he says foolish things, you roust call him wise ; all because sad hearts sometimes wpar cheerful coun tenances, and divine wisdom sometimes has condescended to look like folly. It is reported- to have been said by an able diplomatist, that tho use of words is to disguise men's thoughts ; but tho very wit of the remark lies in the preposterous principal it ironically implies. Yet still to the run of readers there is something attractive in this perverted and morbid notion, both from a sort of malevolence and love of scandal, which possesses the miu.ls of the vulgar, aud from the wish to prove that others, who seem religious are eveu worse than themselves ; and besides, from the desire of mystery and marvel, which prompts them, as I have said before, to have recourse to some monstrous tale of priestcraft for cxciteincut, as they would betake them selves to a romance or a ghost story. Thus she says in one place, or rather the writers, whoever they may be : — " I have often reflected how greviously I have been deceived in my opinions of a nnri's condition — all the holiness of their lives, I now found, was merely pretended. The appearances of sanctity and lieavenly-mindedness which they had shown among us novices I found was only a disguise, to conceal Rtioh nraeticRR as would not he tolerated in any decent society in the world ; and ns for joy and peace like that of heaven, wiiich I had expected to find among them, I learned too well that they did not exist there." Again, speaking of a picture of the infernal pit, at which the nuns were looking, she introduces a nun saying something so dreadful, that a reader hardly knows whether to laugh or to cry at it. " I remember she named the wretch who was biting at the bars of bell, with a serpent gnawing his head, with chains and padlocks on, Father Dufresne ; and she would say, Does he not look like him, when he comes in to catechism with his long solemn face, and begins his speeches with, ' My children, my hope is that you have lived very devout lives ?' " In such passages, the object of the writer is to familiarise the reader's im agination to the notion that hypocrisy is the natural and ordinary state of things, and to create in him a permanent association between any serious act what ever and inward corruption. She makes the appearance of religion to bo the presumption, not of reality, but of hollowness, and the very extravagance of her statements is their plausibility. The reader says, 44 it is so shocking, it must be true; no one conld have invented it." It is with a view to increase this un natural plausibility that the writer or writers dwell minutely on vurious de'tails which happen, or might easily hap pen, iu Catholic churches and convents. For instance, they say, " The old priest . . . when go ing toadminister (the Blessed Sacrament) in any country place, used to. ride with a man before him, who rang a bell as a signal. When the Canadians heard it, whose habitations he passed, tliey would come aud prostrate themselves to the earth, worshipping it as God," Of course; it is so ; Catholics dj worship the Blessed Sacrament, because they believe It to be our. Lord Himself. Therefore we will say so in our book, for we wish to lie naturally, we wish to root, our imposture iu a loundation of truth. " Again ; 44 The bell rang at half- pnst six to awaken us. The old nun who was acting as night-watch im mediately spoke aloud, 4 Behold the Lord cometh !' The nuns all responded 4 Let us go and meet Him.' Presently, we then knelt down and kissed the floor." Now observe the effect of all this. When a person, who never was in a Catholic church or convent, reads such particulars ; when he reads, moreover, of the lattice-work of the confessional of the st<mp of holy water, aud the custom of dipping the finger into it, of silence during dinuer, and of recreation after it ; of a priest saying Mass witii his hands first joined together, and then spread, aud his face to the altar ; of his being addressed, by the title of " ray Father," and speaking of his " children," and many other similar particulars ; and then afterwards actually sees some Catholic establishment, he says to him self, " This is just what the book said " here is quite the very thing of which it gave me tho picture and I repeat he has, in consequence of his reliance on it, so associated the acts of the ceremonial, the joined hnnds or the downcast eyes, with what his book went on slanderously to connect tliem, with horrible sin, that he cannot disconnect them iu his imagination ; and he thinks the Catholic priest already convicted of hypocrisy, because he observes those usages which all the world knows that he does observe, which he is obliged to observe, and which the Church has ever observed. Thus you see the very things, which are naturally so touching aud so beautiful iu the old Catholic forms of devotion, become by this artifice the means of infusing suspicion into the mind of the beholder. . Yes ; all this outward promise of good is but a beautiful veil, hiding be hind it untold horrorq. Let us lift it, so far as we may do so without sharing in the writer's sin. Onr heroine has passed through her noviciate, and pro ceeds to take the vows. Then she learns suddenly the horrors of her situa tion ; she was, in fact, in a house of evil spirits ; she represents herself, as was very natural, supposing she hod been a religious person, overcome by distress, and unable to resign herself to her lot; and she was told by the Mother Superior, "that such feelings wero very common at first, and that many other uuns had expressed them selves us I did, who had long since changed their minda. She even said, on her eutrauce into the nunnery she had felt like me. Doubts, she declared, were among our greatest enemies. They would lead us to question every path of duty, and induce ns to waver at every step. They arose only from remaining imperfections, and were always evidenoes of sin ; our only way was to dismiss them immediately, to repent, to confess them. Thoy were deadly sins, and would condemn us to hell if we should die without confessing them. Priests, she insisted, could not sin. It was a thing impossible. Everything they did and wished was of course right." Now, my Brothers, you know there is a divine law written on the heart by nature, aud that the Catholic Church is built on that law, and cannot undo it. No Priest, no Bishop, no Council can make that right which is base and shameful. Iu this passnge the falso witness would make the Protestant world believe that nuns are obliged to obey their confessors in commands strictly sinful, and horrible, and blasphc-' mous. How different from the true witness, Mr. Blanco White ! He said all he could against convents ; he never hinted that religious women were taught by the priests that priests could not possibly sin, conld not possibly issue a 6inful command, could not possibly have a sinful wish ; and therefore must be obeyed whatever they asked; be never hinted, from any experience of his, that in matter of fact they did make any sinful suggestions. His quarrel with the Catholic religiou was that it was too strict, not that it was too lax ; that it gave rise to nervousness, scruples, and melancholy. " His utmost accusation (except as regards the unbelieving few) was that he knew some persons, and he believed there were others, who sinned, knew their sin, came and confessed it, and sinned agaiu. Tim was not calling evil good, and good evil. Let her con tinue her revelations : — 44 She will also give me another piece of information, which excited other feel- in me scarcely less dreadful. Infants wero sometimes born in the con vent, but thoy were always baptized, and immediately strangled. This secured their everlasting happiness ; for the baptism purified them from all sinful ness, and being sent out of the world before they had time to do anything wrong, they were at once admitted into heaven. How happy, she exclaimed, are those who secure immortal happiness for such little beings ! Their little souls would thank those who killed their bodies, if they had it in their power. " So far as 1 know, there wore uo pains taken to preserve secrecy on this subject. ... I believe I learned through tho nuns that at least eighteen or twenty infants were smothered, and secretly buried in tho cellar, while I was a nun." Tho nuns, according to her account, underweut the same fate, if they would not resign themselves to the mode of life in all its details, for which alone, as it would seem, the nunnery was set up. She gives an account of the murder of one of thoin ; and after quoting this, I consider I may fairly bo excused from quoting any more. " I entered the door," she says, 44 my companions standing behind me, as the place was so small as hardly to hold five persons at a time. The young nun was standing alone, near the middle of the room ; she was probably about twenty, with ligbt hair, blue eyes, and a very fair complexion." The poor victim is brought to the Bishop, who, the. writer says, " it was easy to per ceive, considered her fate to be sealed, and was determined she should not escape. In reply to some of the ques tions put to her, she was sileut; to others, I heard her voice reply that she did not repent of words she had uttered, though they had beGn reported by somo of the nuns who had heard them ; that she had firmly resolved to resist any attempt to compel her to the commission of crimes which she detested. She added that she would rather die tlmi cause the murder of harmless bab<'«. ' That is enough, finish her !' said the Bishop. Two nuns instantly fell upon the woman ; and in obedience to directions given by the Superior, prepared to execute her sentence. She still main tained all the calmness and sqbmission of a lamb." Then they gag her, and throw her on a bed. " In an instant, " the narrative proceeds, "another bed was thrown upon her. One of the priests sprung like a fury upon it with all his force. He was speedily followed by the nuns, until there was as many upon the bed as could find room, and all did what they could, not only to smother, but to bruise her. . . . After the lapse of fifteen or twenty minutes, and when it was presumed that the sufferer had been smothered and crushed to death, (the priest) aud the nuns, ceased to trample upon her, and step ped from the bed. All was motionless and silent beneath it. They then began to laugh, &c.; But I surely need not continue trash such as this, which is as stupid as it is atrocious. In like manner she tells us the number of nuns killed, the number who killed themselves, the various penances and tortures which were common, gags, hot irons, glasB chewing, and the "cap;" the cells and everything which is proper furni ture of such an abode. She concludes the book with a solemn reflection, how hard it is to think aright after thinking wrong. " The Scriptures," she is made to 6ay, " always affect me powerfully when I read them; but I feel that I have but just begun to learn the great truths, iu which I ought to have been early instructed. . . . The first passage of Scripture that made any serious impression on my mind, was the text on which the chaplain preached on the Sabbath after my introduction into the house, 4 Search the Scriptures i and so the book ends. I hive now described, fir6t, the character of the writer, next, the char acter of her book ; one point alone re mains, its reception by tho public. The calumny first appeared in 1836, it still thrives and flourishes iu 1851. I have made inquiries, aud I am told I may safely say that in the course of the fifteen years that it has lasted, from 200,000 to 250,000 copies have beau put into circulation in America and England. The edition i have used is priuted at Nottingham iu the vresent year 1851. A vast number of copies has beeu sold at a cheap rate, and given away by persons who ought to have known it was a mere blasphemous fiction. At this very, time the book is found, I believe, in some of tho parochial lending libraries of this place, and I hear rumours ccncevning some of the distributors, which, from the respect I wish to entertain towards their names, I do not know how to credit. Nor have these various efforts been without visible fruit, at least iu America. A nunnery was burned down at Churlestown ; and at New York fifty houses, inhabited by Catholics, were also destroyed by fire, which extended to the Cathedral. And thus I have completed, my Brothers, the contrast I proposed to set before you. A writer of name, of character, of honour, of gentle man-like feeliug, who has the entre of the first and most intellectual circles of the metropolis, and the friend of the first Protestaut ecclesiastics of his day, records his testimony against Catholic ism ; it is in the main true, arid it fails ; — a worthless stroller gets her own testimony put into writing; it is a heap of fables, and it triumphantly succeeds. Let, then, the Protestant public be itself thejndge : — its preference ofMaria Monk to Blanco White reveals a great, fact; — truth is not equal to the exigencies of the Protestant cause; falsehood is the best friend. Nor let it be imagined, my Brothers, that I have unfairly selected my ex amples, in order to serve a purpose. Inhabitants of Birmingham ought, more than others, to acquit me of this. Only two years have I been here, and each of these two has been signalized by accusations against Catholics, similar, in the disreputublcuess of their authors, and in the enormity of their falsehood, and in the brilliancy of their success, to the calumnies of Maria Monk. Two years ago Jeffreys; last year it was Teodoro. You recollect hntv .TnflfVtttrR Antix! "his imrt hnw Iia wept, and prayed and harangued, aud raised a whole population against an innocent company of monks ; and how he wus convicted of fraud, and confess ed his guilt, aud was sent to prison. You also recollect how an impostor, called Tedore, declaimed such shock ing things, and wrote such indecent pamphlets against ns, that they cannot have heeu intended for any other pur pose than to afford merriment (o the haunts of profligacy and vice; yet he was followed for a time, was admitted into Protestant places of worship, and honoured as a truth-toll ing oracle till at length he was plainly detected to be what every one from the first would have seen he really was, were it usuul to do the same common justice to Catholics which every Protestant con siders his doe ;-for falsehood is the basis of the piotestant Tradition. 1 On theiothcr hand, I might give; you your own instances similar to ' that of Mr. Blanco White. I might poiut to Mr. Bteimnilz, who, within ; the lust ten years, began his noviciate among the Jesuits, left them, turned Protestant, and published an account of the community ho hud quitted. He wrote to expose them, and abounded in bitterness and invective ; but as to his facts, so little hud lie to produce 1 from his own personal knowledge to the disadvantage of the institution he wus attacking, aud so ; severely did he disappoint the Protestants for whom he wrote, that they considered his what they called a ' Jesuitical trick, and said that he was ' pretending to attack the good fathers in ; order really to set them off 10 advantage; ! —for truth does hut prejudice the Pro- ! testaut Tradition. Falsehood succeeds for a generation ' or for a period; but there it has its full i course and comes to an end. Truth is eternal; it is great and will prevail. The end is the proof of things. Brothers of the Oratory, surely we shall succeed, ; because " they say all manner of evil against us falsely for His Name's sake." . 