CRUMBS. No Governor; Census coming. One side exhausted. A scramble for billets. Unionists in a quandary. Coal miners resuming work. ■ Jackson won't leaven Masonry. Fruit and produce exportation. Intimidation at Fort and court. What went ye out on strike for? Chief Justice Acting Governor. No ohanoe now of a ooal famine. " Weak Woman."—What a libel. His Excellency the Chief Justice. The State is not a religious educator. Obituary.—Mrs. William Townsend. Mr. Tomkinson iB a privileged jester. The newest Unionism is the employers'. To men on strike—Return while you can. Heavens weeping over the folly of the strike leaders. Labour leaders indicted at the bar of public opinion. One of Lindsay Gordon's political supporters is dead. - Mosaic and Miltonic oration from Earl Kintore. Trades Unionism has a severe trial before it at home. Will it be a case with Mr. Cohen of C.M.G. ? The marriage fee is a pure honorarium to ministers. Not a single native name in the last crush of Hundreds. South Australia lags in the matter of fruit export trade. Why didn't the Stipendiary Magistrate read the Riot Act? Hop evidently thought there was provocation to run him in. It would be rather dangerous work branding i Peter Jackson. The despised Mr. Champion is not far out in his forecasting. General Booth is not only a religionist, but a social reformer. We have a valuable mineral country at Mount Freeling. Eudunda District Clerk is wanted to explain matters financial. Adelaide took the lead of Australia in muni cipal institutions. Non-Unionista are to be like sheep dumb. before the shearers. We have a professional' head now at the Lands Department The labour party will need to review the situation with care. The Dockers' Union is reported to be on the verge of insolvency. New South Wales farmers are getting the benefit of free trade. The creation of a special department of labour is a wise step. Eight-hours question has entered into prac tical polities at home. A fresh crop of young lawyers; where will they find employment ? It is about time that we ceased to call our country after politicians.. Dear little sick children stand in need of hospital accommodation. How many Acts did the Governor assent, to before he left on Friday ?. Can't we give the convalescent children a Sanatorium in the Hills? There, is no telling what a lawyer would not say if it favoured his case. It is quite clear that human nature is not ripe for State landlordism here. Mr. Burgoyne's latest professional appear ance is as a Hawker man. Mioe, locusts, strikes, and rust, are not pleasant topics in the country. It was proposed to tar and feather a man that paidhis rent to the State. A bookseller in Adelaide has . sold 10,000 oopies'of " Looking Backward.?' The colony Jogs along pretty well without the master of Government House. . The Marquis of Hartington is to marry the Dowager Duchess of Manchester. What a pity that business men cannot be hypnotized against the pain of worry. When Tornki was in a minority of one in the City Council he was in his right place. " Scribbler," eschewing savage satire, pok ;s fun at the little lawyer in the Council. Anent Jaokson's entrance into Masonry, there is one,black sheep in every Hook. The Tenants' Improvement Bill is a little check to the drawbacks of landlordism. It has become an article in the Crown lessees' creed not to pay rent or interest. _ may go, but Mr. Goyder goes on for ever. ■ Br. Cockburn is to be the. political Guy Fawkes with his progressive land taxplot "Better workmen it would be hard, to find." So says an employer of the Fort labourers. ' " Insular England can defy but Imperial England can noloneer ignore the Vatican." The late Mr. A7f. Wells was a charming edition of the old oolonist, and a gentleman. . The black and white problem m the United States is worse than the Chinese question here. Free labourers are not to be allowed to show a pipecase as a revolver to frighten a cowardly crowd. The scientific weapons of the new Unionism do not include boyootting, for which much thanks. Mr. Alfred Gore, sen., believes that General Booth's emigration scheme should be directed this way. Messrs. Spence, Hancock, and Buttery have, lost the second and last of the keys to the situation. Our Philatelists go hither and thither for samples of stamps, and return for pleasure to the zither. Bid the astute Generals select Albany for a Conference to be rid of wily Pressmen who must make copy! The Stamp Buty on patent medicines rose in England after 1860 from £43,000 to £220,000 per annum. Freemasonry is the home of distinguished persons, inoluding Governors, Judges, and prizefighters. Working men of New Zealand have had enough of that miserable expedient called a property tax. Most young men have to pay smartly in iowness of salary for the honour of a Civil Service billet. Racing would be interesting if one bad to calculate the horses' chances instead of the turf's.morals. . Messrs. Bower, Day, and Murray have been elected by country institutes to the Public Library Board. Though he only had third average, Trott is said to have been the best batsman in the Aus tralian Eleven. It is significant that so few laymen concern themselves in the Bible reading in State Schools agitation. The late Mr. A. T. Wells was one of the oldest Anglo:Australians living, having come here (in arms) in 1816. The study and sagacity required to work our land laws would make a man a profound scholar in the world of letters. The ambitious politcians of North Adelaido who could not get into the House let off 6team in a mimic Parliament. It will save a lot of trouble if the Upper House will restore the Municipal Corporations Bill to its original state. There are some interesting passages of the early days of Australia in the notice of the late Mr. A. T. Wells's career. If the Unionists arranged themselves on the eidi of the police, the larrikiriB would have been speedily lodged in the cells. , It. is no. use further exhausting Unionism witb-the prospects of, demands, for aid to,more needy brethren in England. There are six Retreats in England licensed under the Inebriates Act, the three larger having twenty patients each. By 12 to , 7 the Legislative. Council has refused to reconsider their mutilations of the Municipal Corporations BilL Mr. Eildare Robinson, cousin of Sir Wil liam Robinson, will probable go . to W. A. as Secretary to the new Governor. Mayor Cohen says he has been forced to be lieve that the Press is stronger than the sword —That's your doings, Scribbler. Another mine, next only to the Broken Hill Mine, has been proved to be working simply beds of carbonate of lime, _ An improvement of over 54 million bushels of wheat in the export of the last nine months as against a similar period it,1889. The effect of stimulants given by reckless supporters to the labour party in the fight is seen in Tuesday's delirium, tremens. West Australia rejoices at the prospect of the throes of a general election. All ardent young folks are anxious for the fray. Sir C. G. Duffy, of the Young Ireland Party, recommends his countrymen to take Mr. Balfour's land purchase scheme. If our silver kings and budding millionaires seek joy for money, let themgive largely and frequently to the Children's Hospital. The Melbourne Unionist leaders at first loudly condemned the loan business, but now are tacking it up with pathetic cables. Just think what a boon a few days at the seaside is to the convalescent, and after think ingwrite a cheque for Mrs. O Halloran. The man who bets, like the man who specu lates in shares, has to look not only at the property but the character of the owners. An instructive commentary on our complex land laws is to be found in the expensive and numerous army required to administer them. Mr. Champion, besides representing Socialism and the Times, is also 'agent for Mr. Claude^ the newest Knight Mantua-maker of London. ' The labour party bowled at an employer sitting on the Bench, and Mr. Baker now. growls at a member of the other side following - suit. The Young Australian Party are not likely to get excited over the return of A. G. Taylor,, the talented and abusive member for West Sydney. How akin is human nature, last week Johnny Gordon got quite riotous because he felt desperate with the growing power of the Premier. Mr. T. E. Smith is to be transferred from the Kapunda Waterworks (according to the Herald) to one Of the eastern suburbs of Adelaide. Mr. Gordon would bear the ills we have than fly to others we know not of. Just so; better to retain the Playford Ministry than to fly to a worse after. Just when we are oelebrating the Municipal Jubilee we have the humiliating spectacle of the Legislative Council deliberately and per sistently blocking municipal progress. At the Sunday-school Festival on Saturday at the Old Exhibition Building when God was praised it was done with bats on, but when the Queen was praiBed they all came off. The Arffus of Saturday devotes a leading article to a complacent review of the growth or Australian literature, the text being Rolf Boldrewood and the Adelaide writer of " An Australian Girl."- - ' Mr. -J. J. Christmas, bakerand mining secretary of Broken Hill Mine, is the subject of much merriment in the JSilver Age for show ing carbonate of lime from the Flinders Mips for carbonate of lead. The Kapunda Herald believes that if the employers would only show a little spirit of oonoession, the way would be opened to a settle ment of the strike not at all derogatory to their ideas of self-respect. ' . " The flunkeyish adulation of a youth who has as yet done nothing to command the admira- I tion of his fellow- creatures'1 is how the Radical [ party at home regard the fuss now made of the Duke of Clarenoe—collars and cuffs. j A political economist is charged with ! saying: —'"Keep the money in your own I colony, and it does not matter who has it." I '" Them's "my sentiments" choir our very own Bill Sykes and O VO Artful Dodger. ' Memorabilia.—Carthage, onoe the rival of Rome ; Carthage, that ancient city built by Dido in the days of Elisba, the Prophet; Carthage, that maintained the three famous ' Punic wars against Rome; Carthage^ "that great city." twenty-three miles in circumfe rence, and having a population ' of 700,000 inhabitants; Carthage, which the ruthless Romans set on fire, and which in seventeen days was reduoed to a heap of smouldering ruins; Carthage, which Adrian rebuilt, and named it Adnanople; the renowned city; foremost in .. effeminancy, faithless, - and treachery, was rescued from the iron eras? of Rome, and spoilated by Genseric and his grim warriors October 23, 439. Obituaries.—Ancius Manlius Severnus Boe tius was executed by the Emperor Theodoric, October 23, 525; and, having been regarded as j a martyr, he waB canonized as St. Severus. You know his famous work entitled "Conso lation of Philosophy," has been translated scores of times into pretty well every language of Europe. King Alfred himself did it into Anglo-Saxon a thousand years ago. Well, thi6 self same A.M.S.B. was by ail accounts descended from a patrician family, and in 510 he was created Consul. But U.C. there were wars and rumours of wars within the pale of the Church1 militant a thousand years before Luther . and bis coadjutors initiated " the great schism." -alias the Reformation; and A.8.M.B.' vigorously defended the Catholic .faith against, those, wicked and perverse j Avians. But having been Bent to prison at Pavia by Theodoric, King of Italy, he wrote his immorjal book there. There, now, so much for AiStS.B. 'Memorabilia.—James VI. of Scotland was proclaimed King of England October 24,1604. J ' —William Seymour, the first Marquis of Hert ford, was elected Chancellor of the University of .Oxford October 24, 1643. Clarendon, the 'historian, was then Lord High Chancellor of England, and this is what he has j .to say about ,W. S.:—"He was a man ] 'of an universal esteem over the whole kingdom, of'Very good parts and conversant in hooks, both in, the Latin and the Greek languages, 'and of a clear courage, yet be was • so wholljy given up to a country life, where he lived in splendour, thathehad an aversion and even an ihflptnete for business."—Louis XVI, committed the great blunder of revoking the Edict of Nantea, October 24; 1685. You know ' this was' the famous Magna Charta of the Huguenots, issued by Henry IV. in 1598. Obituaries.—Hugo Capet, the founder of the j ' third dynasty of French pnonarohs, {expired -Ootober :24, -996, aged 63.- Precious little is known of. his antecedents; for he happened to ' be of plebian origin. He was; Abbot of St. j Martinde Tours, and'took the name of Caput from cappetua, the hand of a mottk. Then, in I ' 987; he cut the throat of the' Garlovingian 'dynasty, usurped the throne; and reigned tri umphantly for nine years the "monatoh of all he surveyed," and a good deal more.— Tycho Brahe left this sublunary sphere, Ootober 24, 1601, in which he'ha/d resided fifty-five years. In 1565, in a quarrel with a Danish ' nobleman, ' ;he 'lost ; his -note. ' Be studied chemistry in tha hope of' finding the philoso .' pher's atone; ' In 1573 he discovered a new : star' in'the bonBtellation Cassiopea.' He after , wards readlectures on astronomy at Copen \- hagen, founded the Observatory at Uramburg ' (the City of' the Heavens), constructed the fgmous JEtudolphine Tables, and invented a ' system'of the universe, which Galileo and his ""Successors demolished, and "left not a wrack ' * Memorabilia.-^Charles V.1, Emperor of Ger many1' aiid'King' ofBprin, 'after numerous wrangles with' his Prbtestibt subjects, abdi j bated the throne in favour 'of his son Philip in the presence 'of a ' magnificent assemblage of Danish and Fleihteb nobles itr the hall of the ' Palace ;of Bt^s, "October" "25,-1555.' And' 'this was" the advicehegave to .the young hope ful:—"It is in your fiower'by a wteeahllvirtuous administration, to .justify the extraordinary 1 proof which I this day- givb bf iny paternd affection, and 'td 'dembnstrate that you are worthy of the confidenceVrhich' I repose in you. Preserve ah in violible regard for religion; let the laws 'of . your country [be Bacred in your -eyes; encroachnot op the -rights'and liberties of your people." Charles then' retired to a . monastery, apdPhilip, during a reign of forty three years,1 proved to what extent a cold blooded' bigot, could neglect the advice of his papa with impunity. Obitiiari^-r-JTh'efoUoiving were among the illustrious mortals who. joined the great majority,. October 25Demosthenes,, the . prince of oratore died .iri.the'teland of Cfilauria B.e. 322, eiged.66.-^Stephen, King of England, thethirdson of.Stephen, Earl of BloiB' by Adela, daughter of William the 'Conqueror, gave up ,'the ghost 1154, aged 49, m the , nineteenthyear of his reign.—Geoffrey Chaucer, the "Father' of English poetry" "and. the' son of a wealthy merchant, deputed this life, 1400, aged 72.-T-Edward Plantagenet, Duke of York and the Earl of Suffolk,1 fell oil the battlefield of Aginoourt, 1415, together with . 92 barons, 1,500 knights, and 8,000 gentlemen of family^ forming the flower of the chivalry of ' France.—Admiral George Legge, :.the- "hero of . Tangiere, was "deliverea.of tne burden of the , fleal?' while s prisoner in the Tower of " London, 169L-T-Augustine Calmet,'the French Benedictine,'who wrote a commentary upon ■ the Bible in .23 quarto volumes, went .to his long home, 7157.—George II. of England paid the debt of nature; 1760. Obituaries.—Pope Eugehius IL departed : £his life October 27I 827. "Whatdo youthink i fhgdid during the three years of his pontificate ? . :H« decreed that in every country parsonage a master Bhould be kept to read and explain, the ..-Scriptures. . (Hear, hew.)—Sir • Ralph', Win , -.wom, English statesman, ambassador, mid author, ssept the way of all flesh, October 27; 1617\. He was the author of "Memorials of Afftt«ra»fJStote in the Reign of Queen. Eliza • ibeth and iRihg James I.," 3 volia. folio. Had a , .D©^a,pffiSried in his . day for the bast.esismy . on diplomacy, doubtless Wuiwood would win; ! 'ph i ' ,, , " i Memorabilia.—Alexas .rowith, the only -iBOm Of Petes thB Great,-,jCtear of Russia, was educated-by the Russian priests, who took good • Cate hb instil into hiaamnd.au their ,-baroar ; oua prejudibes; iConeequentlythe young prince; , .as he appro&oliedtheagecf; maturity .(not of dis .cretion) did bis level woret to thwart the noble i irdforfiw of-hia-fatheri who therefore detrained ,to disinheritfume; vln a letter-dated; October .27,1715, andaddretsed to Master iAlexis, , the !• Czar .wrote, st-SIiaihiLniwbiindlaenseqUaitly must die. To whom shall I' leave.fche care of \- dniahing what, by God'egrabe, Ir have . begun, .and of preserving what. I .have.in.partieoo vered ? To a eon who, . like that slothful ser cvant in the Gospel, buries his talents in the •earth and neglects to improve what God has committed to his trust ?" • "Memorabilia.—This is the festival of St. Simon and Jade, yon .know; or if you don't " overhaul your Watts's Catechism, and when found make a note on't." There is an ancient tradition that rain would fall on this day as sure as eggs.—It was on or about October 28, 312, .that Caius Havius Valerius Aurelius Claudius Constantine, Emperor of Rome, overthrew Marcus Aurelius Valerius Max entiua at Saxa, near the Cremera, in Italy. Yes, and he actually extirpated the whole race of that odious and cruel tyrant, and abolished .the Praetorian guard.—There was heard in the city of Luna the voice of " lamen 't&tion; apd mourning and woe" on October 28, 1746; for on that day, for thesixth time, it was shaken to its dark foundations by an earth quake. . The loss of life and property was immense. ' Obituaries.—Alfred the Great, founder of the British Monarchy and of trial by jury, de parted this life October 28, 900, after a pros perous reign of 30 years. This is how Spelman, the historian and antiquary, apos trophizes bim:—"O, Alfred, the wonder and astonishment of all ages t If we reflect on his piety and religion, it would seem _ that ne had always lived in a cloister; if on his warlike exploits, that he _ had never been out of camps; if on his learning and writings, that lie had spent his whole life in a College ; if on his wholesome laws and wise determina tion, that these had been his whole study and employment." He had no Waterbury watch in his fob, yet he managed to divide the 24 hours into three equal parts, and to devote one to the service of God, one to public affairs, and the rest to rest and refreshment; so U.C. he was the originator of the .eight hours' move ment as well as the eight hours' rest. Obituaries.—It was on October 29,1618, that Sir Walter Baleigh lost his head in Old Palace Yard. Tell us, ye discriminating casuists, wss it fit "that they who trust in princes should be thus rewarded ?" Pending the decision of this question, just listen to what Anthony Wood, the eminent Eng lish .biographer, who wrote in the seventeenth century, has to say about Sir Walter, viz. " Authors are perplexed under what topio 'to place him; whether as statesman, Btjaman, soldier, chemist, or chronologer, for in all these he did excel; and it still remains a dispute whether the age he lived in was more obliged to his pen or Ms sword, the one being busy in . conquering the new, the other in so bravely describing the old world." Memorabilia.—You know November 9 is Lord Mayor's Day, but this ■ corresponds to ' October 29, O.S. .Well,.that quaint old anti quarian moralizes upon the. subject tbusly:— " It is the tumi vereary of the institution by Kin g John in the year 3207 of a, Mayor ahd'Sheriffs for the city by ihote titles. ■' Previously 'there were two supreme offioerscalled Bailiffs, with a magisterialpower liketheRomau Gohsols. The period of eleotiop at the Yelde Halle was on Michaelmas Day so late as 1573. "That done," writes theRecorderof Burleigh, "mv lord elect standeth_forth in my place, -and: there doth disable himself, and in the end is well contented, and sogiveth them thanks /iff like manner, and there doth he take his leave; and so we go to dinner with the two old - Sheriffs, where we had a costly feast with a play for our farewell." Did good digestion wait on appetite," Mr.'RecOrderl i 