; MISS TWEED'S GHOST STORY. BY SARAH DOUDNEY. [ALL BIGHTS BESEBVED] She did not tell thc story very often. In the first place she was a woman of few words, who loved better to listen than to talk ; and in the second placo few people believed thc talc when they heard it. That is, they did not believe thc ghostly part of it; and when Miss Tweed saw un incredulous expression ou tlic faces of her hearers she was apt to feel a little angry. Her anger did not burn fiercely, and it never histed long ; but she was one of tlic truest little persons in thc world, and to bc doubted in thc least was painful to ber. So that it was no easy matter to overoomo her reserve ; mid I do not think I should ever have heard her ghost story if certain circum- stances had not drawn us closely together. Wo were sitting in thc front parlour of an old house unioiig thc hills. Not stem hills with rugged sides and mighty chasms, but quiet heights rising gently against the sky : hills that made you think ot peace and rest. The windows looked out upon a garden, and beyond the gate there was a white road that went winding away until it was lost to sight in thc folds of thc green downs. It was an evening in summer-time. I had come to this tranquil hill-country to find refreshment and repose, and my days were spent in .1 dreamy calm. When I wauled a companion Miss Tweed came to sit with me in the front parlour, which had been given up to my «se. Very soon it would bc Arr parour, and lier hands were busily making new coverings for sofa and chairs. But it could never be greatly altered, and no modern decorator would make it unlike this dim, old fashioned room, sweet with flower-scents, and full of golden lights and shadows. To mu it had always Beemod a veritable Chamber of Peace. " Miss Tweed," I said, suddenly breaking a pause, " I want to hear your ghost story." A Blight troubled frown appeared for a moment on Miss Tweed's forehead ; but it was a flown which did not show ill temper in thc least. It merely betokened a little perplexity and indecision. "Mrs. Callaway must have been tattling, I'm afraid,"Bile remarked. "And yet it isn t her way." "She did not tattle," I declared stoutly. " She only said you had had a very strange experience, and when I questioned her BIIC admitted that you had seen a ghost." " Edward's mother believes in my ghost because elie believes hi mc," Miss Tweed replied, after a moment's thought. " But I don't think you would. You Bee, you are wiser and more cultivated than we arc, and you would explain it away." " Yet wisdom and cultivation have never quite succeeded in explaining away ghosts," said I. "Anyhow," she answered solemnly, "I will tell you one thing. I never believed in a ghost till I saw one with my own eyes." And then she told me her story. Amy Tweed was boru in Hillshire, scarcely two miles away from the old farm- house in which I met her first. It was a humble home, but cheery and sweet, as such country homes are wont to be when good folks lira in them. Thc father, Daniel Tweed, was a plain man, but shrewd withal, and lie had managed to put by a little money for his son Dan and Iiis daughter Amy. "You'll bc taking a husband one day, my dear," he used to say to the girl, "and you won't go to him quite empty-handed, I hope he'll be someone who betones to this part of the world, Amy ; I don't like strangers, you know." "I don't think I shall ever care for a stranger, father," she replied, a warm colour tingeing her cheeks. " I'm not fond of new faces myself." And Daniel Tweed exchanged a meaning glance with his son Dan, for they both knew that Amy's heart waa given to one who was not a stranger. Tiley had seen her eyes brighten when Noel Bennet came to spend his holidays with his people at Orchard Farm ; and although the Bennets had always held their heads above Hie Tweeds, yet they had small cause to be proud. ** For it wn Through the influence af William Tweed, a shopkeeper in London, that Noel had got a clerk s place in an office in thc City. To bc sure the salary was not high, and Noel was glad of any help that could ue had from his friends. But he was a clever fellow, full of strong hope and ambition, and everyone prophesied that he would make IIÍB way In thc world. One evening Daniel Tweed stood leaning on Ms gate, and looking up at the broad golden elope of the great cornfield that lay between his cottage and Orchard Farm. Tho heat of' thc long July day was over, and delicate scents came floating towards him from the tall lilies in his garden-the lilies that Amy had always tended with pride and care. His heart was full of Amy as he stood there in the sweet stillness of thc evening, and as he looked up the slope he saw two figures coming down, side by side, along the narrow path than ran through the corn. " Noel and Amy," he said to himself. " I wonder whether they've been settling any- thing ?" Yes, they had been settling something. To thc last day of her life Amy will never see thc scarlet poppies growing among the amber corn without thinking of Tier early love. A woman nover forgets her first offer. Although thc man who made it might de puzzled if he were asked when and where he spoke the words, she remembers time and place. She knows just the spot in the path where he paused and told her that he loved her ; and she would recognise that spot even if it were built upon, and covered over with bricks, and changea to all other eyes. But the place where Noel told his love is not changed, and thc narrow way runs down the slope of thc broad field to this very day. Amy Tweed was not thought pretty by the people amongst whom she lived, but even iii these early rural days she never had quite the usual aspect of a country girl. Her com- plexion was palo, and she was dark-haired and grey- eyed, while most of the girls around her were fair end roBy. Noel Bennet, however, admired her graceful figure, and the way in which she wore her cotton gowns and simple bonnets, and as he led her up to the gate there was a look of triumph in his hand- some face, Vilich told that ho was proud of the woman ho liad won. When they were close to him Daniel Tweed lifted his arms from the gate, and opened it to let them enter. His daughter looked at him with a blush and a smile ag sha ran post Iiiiii into thc cottage, and he smiled back at her. Yet, happy as she was, a sudden shadow seemed to fall on Amy's heart at that moment. It Btruck ber that her father was looking old and worn, and that the aspect of bis kind old face was altered. The old man and the young one remained together in the garden, and Noel asked Daniel for his daughter in a plain, manly fashion. The answer was just what he bad expected. Daniel was quite ready to give his consent to thc engagement, and thought all the better of Noel tor not pleading for carly marriage. "You're both young, Noel," he said, "and it'll be well for you to climb a little higher up thc hill before you take a wife. My girl will have something of her own, and that'll help you when the times comes. There's six hundred ßmuds-three hundred apieco for her and an." That was thc last talk that Daniel ever had with his intended son-in-law. Ho died six weeks later, and the brother and sister were left in tho old cottage alone, "I can't bear the place now," wrote Amy to her lover. " And Dan is going to marry Lizzie Ward, and I fancy I could not get MI with her very well. He wishes me to live here as usunl, but I will do OB you tell me, Noel. You want inc to como to Loudon, and get into a dressmaking business. It is a good idea; I have always been fond of making gowns, and I think I might do well if I were properly taught." So Amy went to London, and proved herself BO clever that she was received into Madame Victorinc's fashionable establishment in the West End. Uncle William Tweed had kindly offered to invest her three hundred pounds, and she had such perfect confidence in his sagacity that she put the money into his hands. Noel, too, had faith in Uncle William, and for some time things Went on very well. Noel liked to have his sweetheart near him ¡ he was proud of her improved appearance, and thc readiness with which B)IC adapted herself to town ways. He thought a great deal of her money, too, and was nlwnys turning thc three hundred into three thousand in his mind. And Amy, although sim never ceased to mourn for her father, was happy in Noel's love, and contented with her new life. Two years went by, and Miss Tweed was reckoned ouc of thc best hands in thc dress- maker's establishment. Madame Victorine occupied a large house in H- Street, Cavendish Simare, and Amy hail norcasoin to complain of her quarters, for Madame «ns considerate. Her young women worked bard, but they ute good food and slept in comfortable rooms ; and if Amy sometimes sent n longing thought to her old country home, she linn no wish to give up her situation and return to Killshire. Noel was alwuys devoted ; now and then there were leisure hours which they could spend together, and on the whole Fate was kimi to them both. It was at Christmas that a crushing blow fell upon her. Uncle William had been unfortunate in Ilia invest- ment, mid her three hundred pounds lind gone, with some of Iiis own money. Thc poor man was bitterly sorry for her loss, and his regret was so genuine that she would have forgiven him at once if it had not been for Noel. But Noel would not hear of forgiveness. He seemed to have forgotten tho kindness he had received himself from Uncle William, and Amy was worn out with listening to the harsh things spoken of her relations. Il was the most miserable Christmas that she had ever known. " Don't say any more about my wretched money, Noel," she entreated at last. "We arc both earning something ; we liavc youth and strength and love. Surely we arc not so very badly off, after all." "Youth and strength and love!" he repeated scornfully. "They arc fine things to begin life with, but they are not warranted to wear." It was thc first time that she had caught a glimpse of tlic true nature of Noel Bennet, and after that revelation filie Bceincd to have entered hito a changed world. Her Noel, whom she had loved so well, lind vanished, and this hard sueding mon bod taken his place. It scarcely surprised lier when he proposed that they should break of their engagement Times were hard, he said ; things looked black in the City ; he feared that it would bc a long time before he could Îirovide for a wife. Was it not better, there ore, to say good-bye ! The dull dayB came and went, and Amy worked as usual ; but when thc working hours were over there was no joy for lier. The other girls had their sweethearts, some real, and some make-believe, but Miss Tweed was left alone. The weather was bitterly cold, and the people were crying out for bread ; and Amy's acliing heart took up the cry. She, too, was starved with heart-hunger ; she, too, was poor, and it was hard to live in such a cruel world. So it came to pass that she spent all lier leisure time among thc distressed and unemployed, listening to their grievances, doing all that she could to relieve their sufferings, and blending their sorrows with her own. The winter passed; the spring came, and Madame Victorine s hands were busy from morning till night. It promised to be a brilliant BCOSOII ; but Amy toiled away at thc beautiful dresses with many a bitter thought of those who would wear them. They were all so rich and giddy and heartless-these fashionable ladies-she said to herself. Day after day their carriages came rolling up to Madames door, and Madame herself, all smiles and deference, decided the important questions of what they were to wear on this and that occasion. Miss Tweed grew sick of their patrician faces and trained voices. Surely they were dolls, and not creatures who could suffer and love as she had done ! She would not believe that there was such a tiling as a heart to bc found amoug them all. In May there came came a splendid wedding order, which set even Madame Victorine calm bosom in a flutter. The only daughter of the Earl of Ironside was to be married to Lord Arthur Malvern, and nothing oise was talked of iu thc workrooms. The fashionable world, too, had a great deal to say about the match ; Lord Arthur, although bc was a l.nt-o'n ann. WAA a noor man. and it was Dunes son, was a pour man, uw iv wu thought that he was more in love M . .h Lad Clara's money than with Lady Clara herself AU kinds of rumours were afloat ; some sail that thc bridegroom elect was desperatcl; enamoured by a pretty actress, and detesta the golden fetters that circumstances wer forcing upon him ; others declared that then was not a grain of truth in this etory, ant averred that his lordship, having duly sowi his wild oats, desired to settle in the orthodo: way, and had made a sensible choice. Bu while there were a hundred oponionB abou Lord Arthur, there was only one about Lad] Clara. Everyone believed that she was deepbj and sincerely attached to him:-that is everyone in her own circle. Miss Tweed being quite outside this circle, had by nt means made up her mind about the matter. It chanced one morning, when the wedding day was drawing near, that Amy Tweed ant Lady Clara Berkeley were brought face tt face. It fell to Amy's lot to carry some article into Madame's reception-room for hei ladyship's approval ; and the working-girl looked at the earl's daughter with a certain degree of curiosity. She was conscious thai thc lady, in her turn, looked at her ; a quiet cold scrutiny. Lady Clara was tall, fair, and golden-haired. Her features were delicately chiselled, but thc face was too still to be really beautiful. To Amy she seemed as chill as ice and as proud ns Lucifer. "They arc all alike-all heartless-these aristocratic women," she thought. " No wonder that they cannot feel for thc misery ol thc poor ! And yet Lady Clara will get all that she wants, while I, who am born with a I warm heart, am doomed to desolation ! I suppose she docs care a little for Lord Arthur in that frozen way of hers. But what is it that tile songs says ? " Unless¡youcan die when thc dream is past, Oh fear to call it loxing !" Well, it's quite certain that she would not die if she lost ner lover. That year the June weather was intensely bright and unusually warm. Tile wedding things were not as near completion as they ought to have been. Every nerve was strained ; the hands were busy early and late, and Madame was growing anxious and irritable. Miss Tween, however, kept her head cool, and to her was entrusted thc task of putting thc finishing touches to tho bridal dress. A bitter task it was, truly ! As the girl set her careful stitches Bbc thought of thc wedding-gown that she had hoped to make for herself. Regrets, longings, passionate prayers, kept pace with thc swift needle, and were mixed up with hunches of orange-blossom and masses of lace. Thc robe tlint was to be worn in gladness was made in Borrow ; and it is thc same with a good deal of the dress- making that is done every day. It was on tho twelfth of June, two days after Ascot, that n startling rumour began to be circulated in tile workrooms. The girls were saying openly that thc greater part of Lady Clarad fortune was cone. " Tho carl of Ironside had lost his daughter's money on the racecourse ; it was true-quite true !" Miss Tweed checked thc chatterers rather sharply. " She did not believe a word of it," she sain ; " and if they did not attend to their work the dresses would never be finished." So they nil toiled on, reminding each other that thc wedding was fixed for tho sixteenth, and there really Was not a Bingle minute to spare. Thc night of the fourteenth came ; a night so warm and still that it might have belonged to July or August. The clocks ? in thc neigh- bourhood had struck twelve half an hour ago, and Miss Tweed, alóne in thc upper work- room, Was giving the last touches to Lady Clara's wed ding-gown. Hie dress-bodice and skirt complete-was arrangod on one of the stands that dressmakers usc, and looked very much like a decapitated bride standing in thc middle of thc empty room. One jct of gos was burning under its large shade, tho windows were all set open, and the sound of wheels came up now and then from thc street below. Miss Tweed had been stooping over the soft white silken folds till her head ached and her eyes were dun. And suddenly sho bethought her of a bottle of lavender water which she kept in her bedroom, and went quietly upstairs to get it Ellen Smith, thc girl who shared her room, was rousing as she entered. " Is that you, Amy ?" she said. " Haven't you finished yet !" "Nearly," Miss Tweed replied. "My head aches, and I'm very tired.' She went down again, damping her heated face with the lavender water, and feeling fresher. It seemed, too, ns if a cooler air had come through the windows into the hot work- room, and Amy shivered a little as she entered. But what was this ? Some one had surely stolen into thc ronni ill lier absence, and was standing there arrayed in thc wedding-gown. She gave a little cry of astonishment and dismay, and was advancing when the strange woman, whose back was towards her, turned slowly round. It was no stranger who stood there, nor was it one of tlic work-girls playing a trick. Lady Clara, dressed in ncr own bridal robe, was looking at tho dressmaker with blue eyes full of unutter- able anguish, and pale lips parted us if in a vain attempt to speak. How long Miss Tweed endured that mournful gaze sho could not tell. Those eyes seemed to read her very soul, und convey to her a message of mysterious sym- pathy and fellowship in suffering. At lust one of thc white hands was raised with a farewell gesture, and Amy knew no more. When she caine to her senses again, Ellen .Smith was kneeling by her side, loosening her dross. And there, in thc middle of thc room, lay thc wedding- gown, thrown lightly on the floor, as if someone bad just stepped out of it in haste. At the sight of the robe Amy began to shiver violently, and then burst out into passionate tears, which relieved her over wrought brain. Her companion led her upstairs, and made her lie still and rest. At length she slept, and did not wake until thc summer day was well advanced. "Arc you feeling any better ?" asked Ellen Smith, coming to the bedside with breakfast on a tray. "You have been working a great deal too hard ; it is no wonder that you broke down. And, after all, your labour has been in vain." "In vain?" Miss Tweed repeated wonderingly. "Why, the wedding-dress is quite finished. It was to be sent home this morning." "It will never be needed," the other answered. " Madame has just had a message. It seems that poor Lady Clara Berkeley died last night at half-past twelve." Miss Tweed fell back silently on the pillow, and closed her eyes. Not one word did she say to Ellen Smith of Lady Clara's appearance in the workroom, and her companior, attributed her faintness entirely to over fatigue. On the next day she got up and tried to go on with her business as usual ; but she could not bear to stay in the upper work- room, and at length with much reluctance, Madame consented to let her return to thc country. Dan and his wife received her kindly, and by degrees her strength was restored. Later on she learnt that Lady Clara's engagement was broken off an the day before her death. Lord Arthur, finding that she was no longer a rich woman, wrote to her and asked to be set free. She Bank at once, and never rallied after thc blow fell, nor did she ever speak again to those around her. But they heard ber murmuring softly to herself, and distin- guished the words that she uttered. "My wedding-gown," she repeated over and over. " Oh, my wedding-gown ! If I could only wear it once-just once-just once." Miss Tweed married Edward Canaway, of Hill Farm, and lives in the old county. She never forgets the London poor, and many a sickly child is received into her pleasant home to be nursed and fed ; but ber heart has opened freely to all Borts and conditions of men and women. She believes now-a-days in the equality of the human family, and knows that a common sorrow levels all distinctions. Not in vain, she says, did the earl's daughter and the humble dressmaker meet in the spirit on that memorable night, although tho one was taken and the other left. [THE END.] 