THE BLUE MOUNTAINS. A CHRISTMAS TOUR. (By T. C. W., J. W., and J. S., Three FORMER RESIDENTS OF MOUNT BARKER.) (Continues.) Time only permitting a hasty glance at the beauties of this cave, we pass on to the "Wilkinson," where new forms of stalagmite are lying. In the old bed of the underground river, long since forsaken, a white, glittering mass of seeming crystal has been formed by the lime-water, rivalling a sun-lit heap of purest snow in its beauty. From the wall hang magnificent stalactites resembling long needles of glass, which, reflecting the glitter of the "Snowdrift" below, render the scene the more enchanting. In the next cave appearing before us, called the "Lady Car- rington" - though till very recently it bore a totally different name -the forms are still more fantastic and varied ; in fact, the wonderful shapes of stalactite and stalagmite grow monotonous in their profusion, and time only allows the sightseer to gaze upon one which stands out pre-eminent in its beauty and eccentricity, to the discarding of the multitudes remaining. Herein are pointed out, and easily-detected the miniature figure of a horse's head, and that of a woman, which occupies a narrow ledge of the side rock, while on a crystal pediment in the centre stands a rough model of the "Madonna and Child." Not carved nor finished, of course, but in shape and out- line a true statue, formed by the perpetual drip, drip, of limewater from the roof over- head. Numberless forms of stalactite hang from the top of this, as of every cave, set off here and there by well-shaped "shawls," the whole being rendered still more beautiful by the electric light. Passing onward to the "Lucinda" cave we notice delicate forms resembling cambric, some snowy white, some marked with regular patterns, the whole a scene giving the on- looker the idea that he has unwittingly wandered into the abode of some fairy. On the floor of this cave there is a body of pink crystalline lime, representing in its hard, raffled surface a furious sea, raging and tem- pest-driven, with stormy breakers, in a place where never blew the gentlest zephyr, nor stood a pool of water. Leaving the "Left Imperial" the first sight worthy of notice in the "Right" is the un- derground river, reached by means of a wire ladder, fixed firmly to the rocks, descending down a blow-hole more than fifty feet. The des- cent from the foot of the ladder is more diffi- cult than most of the cave climbing - the path is steep, and, owing to its proximity to the river, very muddy and slippery. The electric light being turned off for after-effects, the water is hardly discernible in the semi-darkness, the candle one bears showing only a weird, sepulchral light, so that a person needs to dis- play extra caution to escape the cold both experienced by one of our party. After crossing the rapid stream two or three times we crouch down to get a glimpse of a long, low cavern up the river's bed, abounding in most magnificent specimens of small stalac- tites, made doubly picturesque by their being perfectly reflected in the clear stream. This river flows underground for upwards of six miles, and its waters are quite pure and palatable. Returning up the ladder we make our my to the "Shawl" cave, so called from the great number of "shawl" formations here met with. This cave is void of any other form of stalactite, but these drooping folds, prettily marked, and creased here and there, make the whole scene appear like some Arabian-night palace. Still onward, we come to what we hear termed the "Coral Grotto," and no worthier name could be attached to such a place. Here, arch after arch succeed one another into the dim, mysterious darkness. All the miniature pillars, arches, and mounds seen in this cavern are coated with a hard, pink crust much resembling coral. One cannot under- stand why in some places the formation is snowy white, while only a few inches off the appearance, both above and below, is of a soft, pink or deep brown, and the visitor who is no geologist takes it as correct when the guide states that the changes of color are due to more or less iron in the rocks. To impart more brilliancy and effect to these scenes, the attendants are provided with magnesium lamps, which, when lit at the more interesting parts, tend to better show the finer and more delic- ate beauties of the figures, causing the crystal- line forms to sparkle like myriads of dia- monds, and making the whole scene one of unsurpassed magnificence, which, once beheld, can never be forgot. The "Crystal City," a diminutive arena surrounded by battlements and walls, is next brought under our notice. The external wall encircling the city is not six inches high, but everything on the whole surface is in such good proportion that it requires very little stretch of the imagination to conceive the whole as a warlike town of the early Norman period. In the succeeding passage the "Grand Stalactites " come into view ; of all shapes and sizes, varying from the monster of more than one foot in diameter to the frail one hardly perceptible ; nearly all these hav- ing fellow-stalagmites rising from the floor in various stages of growth, some with a full connection, some just joining, and others striving by the slow dripping to meet and become united as one grand column. On the extreme point of every stalactite is a drop of clear water, the lime in which goes to make up the exquisite figures seen throughout these marvellous caves. The next wonder it a grand stalagmite, called very appropriately "Lot's wife." Standing, as it were, on a broad base of marble, this pillar rises some five feet, white as alabaster, and formed in an attitude such as one would imagine Madame Lot to have assumed when turning to take her forbidden look upon Sodom and Gomorrah. Beyond this is the "Alabaster" column, standing fourteen feet from the floor, and having a diameter of two feet. Though not as delicate in color as "Lot's wife," this stalagmite is remarkable for its size, and leaves the spectator to wonder how many centuries were required to bring it to its pres- ent state of perfection. Passing through the "Selina" cave, also filled with structures marvellous in themselves, though monotonous from their frequency, we come to "Kelly's Grotto." The fine beauty of the interior of this cavern is almost hidden by the numbers of stalactites drooping from the horse-shoe rock, and these, with their corresponding stalagmites rising from the ground, form, as it were, a grating forbidding entrance to the charms within. Near this point is what is termed a "mystery " - so called from the ina- bility of any person to account for its shape. These "mysteries" are fine transparent form- ations projecting at right angles from stalac- tites ; twisting in distorted figures with needle-like offshoots, greatly contrasting with the sterner grandeur of the pieces from which they spring. Walking still onward, through the "Vestry," with its majestic stalagmite rising like an altar, all stand back in the darkness while the guide lights his magnesium lamp. Immediately everyone utters exclamations of wonder, and justly too, for who could look upon the "Diamond Walls," as they an well termed, and notice the sparkle and glitter of the crystalline formation, resembling in its brightness diamonds of the first water, and not be astonished ? After a tedious climb up a flight of steps, cut out of the solid rock, the visitor is told to peer into a small opening ; the magnesium light is applied, and the effect is magical. In a small, almost circular cavern, with an open- ing only large enough to admit a man's hand, are the most marvellous crystals imaginable. These are the "Queen's Diamonds," seem- ingly a casket set thickly with most excellent brilliants, glittering and flashing back the light from their smooth polished faces. Nothing can exceed the grandeur of this scene, which, though very small and limited, makes one forget for a time all the other marvels of Nature's art he has seen before. Leaving the place reluctantly and casting many "a longing, lingering book behind,"' we pass into the "Crystal Palace," aptly names, containing wondrous structures of the "Shawl" formation, looking frail and light as any texture manufactured. Through the "Fairy Bower," a succession of thin dagger-like stalactites with their stalagmites rising as sheaths from the floor ; passing with a hurried glance at the "Flowering Column " to the "Bride's Veil," a most wonderful structure, covering as it does a projecting rock of about two feet diameter. This stalac- tite, if such it can be called, is thin as gossamer, the rock behind being quite discern- ible, while the veil is caught up in dainty folds in a manner suggesting that some bride had lent Nature a helping hand in the com- pletion of her wondrous work. We leave this to enter the "Garden Palace." Here, one is amazed at the number and exquisite transparency of a cluster of stalacites, falling in a dense curtain from the rock to which they are attached. Miniature structures like, tubes reach from the roof to the basement, forming a tiny pillar, seemingly supporting the whole mass of overhanging rock. From the top of the cave hong clusters of twisted shapes, conveying to the onlooker the idea of an ancient Druid's beard. Below is the representation in purest crystal of a rapid torrent, its waters dark and irritated in some places, in others running smoothly and rippling gently over its pebbly bed. This in miniature, and the whole suddenly frozen over, will perhaps convey the best idea of the fairy stream seen at our feet. Each separate cave or cranny is voted the best till the next is be- held, when, in admiring the grandeur of the scene before our eyes, all thought of the one seen previously fades from the memory, only to return again upon after-reflection. Leaving the "Imperial" caves by the same ladder we had scaled some three hours pre- viously, we prepare for dinner, subsequently to sleep and perchance dream (like Alice in Wonderland) of the marvels we had seen. On the following morning we turn our attention to the "Lucas" cave, called after a local M.P. The entrance is gained by climbing up a zig- zag path, leading to the summit of the mountain ; then, after a descent of about two hundred feet on the farther side, the iron door guarding the inlet is seen in the deep recesses of a majestic ante-chamber, which is almost immediately over the "Grand Arch." Elec- tricity not having been connected with the "Lucas" cave, candles are used to supply the necessary light. After wending our way through the usual preliminary passage, we are informed that all further progress is debarred by a precipice, so that, unless we care to go down the "slide," as it is termed, we had better return to the outlet. Being all young and good for anything it is resolved to go ahead. This "slide," an almost perpendicular descent of more than fifty feet, is first attemp- ted by the courageous " Silent Member," and all follow in safety, for the bottom is flat and pebbly, so, notwithstanding the rapidity of descent extinguishes all our lights, no damage is received on the abrupt termination of our journey. After this part of the programme has been negotiated, the guide calmly informs us, when we inquire about the return, that we can get back by the steps, thus showing that the "slide" is only used to test the nerves of visitors, and to afford amusement for the conductors. Passing on, we enter the "Cathedral" cave, the most lofty and largest in every way of the whole series. The roof, some 250ft. above, is quite undistinguishable in the dim candle-light, and it is not till the magnesium lamp is lighted that the rough brown ceiling is discernible. Enormous boulders constitute the floor ; all of these have from time to time become detached from the lofty roof, and have fallen to their present positions with a deafen- ing crash, throwing the whole mountain into convulsions by their great weight. Viewing the magnitude of Nature's cathedral from the narrow surface of one of these rocks, it is im- possible to distinguish the more remote recesses even with the aid of the magnesium light. The finer and more delicate beauty of the "Imperial" caves is here wanting, but the grandeur of this branch is in its immense extent of projecting rock, hanging in every conceivable shape from the roof and walls, and the dim mysterious gloom pervading the whole chamber. Following the path along the jagged, uneven floor, we come upon the "Shawl" cave. Here, scenes similar to those seen in the "Imperial" are met with num- bers of white crystalline mantles hanging in splendid harmony from the roof, set off here and there by a stalactite of rare beauty and purity. Entering the "Exhibition" cave, the mind is reverted to the "Cathedral"; here, as before, huge ghost-like stalagmites are barely discernible in the dim, weird candle-light, but by the bright blaze of the magnesium lamp one beholds the grand stalactites - all quite yellow through the combination of the sulphur with the lime - hanging in vast clusters from the ceiling. Close by, in grand confusion, immense masses of rock fallen from the roof form the very irregular floor. Here we see the "Broken Column," a massive pillar one foot in diameter, complete and symmetrical from base to top, taking its name from having been broken by the rock on which it stood shifting about three inches lower down the floor. In this cave is also a much smaller pillar broken in the same manner, though in this case a frail stalactite has formed in the centre, as though to again make up the severed connection. On one side are "shawls" fringed with black, being very much in har- mony with their sepulchral surroundings. The "Jewelled Casket" is a small opening studded with purest crystals, while on a rock is a stalac- tite known as "Henry Parkes," opposite whom stands "King Solomon" in all his glory. Descending still below this cave we come upon the underground river seen before in the "Imperial." After quenching our thirst at the cool, refreshing stream, we gaze with wonder at the romantic ceiling nine hundred feet above. Crossing the neat iron suspension bridge spanning a deep ravine, we enter the "Lurline" cave, where hang splendid stalac- tites, which, when struck, give forth rich melodious tones echoing and dying away in the invisible recesses of the chamber. Lying on a shelf on the left are a number of brown crystal balls very much resembling potatoes ; then an immense long stalactite, measuring eleven feet from roof to extremity, is met with. Passing the "Cauliflower," the "Crystal Fountain," and the "Fossil Bone" caves, all conveying their charms and description in their names, we gain the foot of a long flight of steps. Ascending these we find ourselves again at the entrance, and depart enchanted with the marvellous formations of Nature we have beheld. Besides the above caves, there are the "Nettle," the "Arch," the "Elder," the "Mammoth," and the "New" caves, each remarkable for some par- ticular beauty not possessed by its fellows, though all have that fairy-like grandeur and romantic appearance existing throughout the "Jenolan Caves." The "Devil's Coach house," an immense tunnel through the mountain, has its entrance near and at right angles to the "Grand Arch," and, as it is unguarded, visitors have free access. Here are seen no delicate structures hanging in fan- tastic shapes, but a vast den, ragged and formidable, with its roof nearly three-hundred feet above, relieved here and there by immense dull and weather-beaten stalactites. To complete the rugged grandeur of the cavern, bright, flashes of light stream in through two vast window-like openings, covered with ferns and shrubbery, in the roof, displaying the rough uneven boulders of the floor. Here, as we sat in the cool midsummer night, the wallabies, which abound throughout the caves, come and perch themselves on the projecting rocks, attracted by the strains of music provided by one of the guides, while fire- flies flit hither and thither, relieving the gloom with their phosphorescent light. Many hundred feet above the "Devil's Coach-house," and visible only from the main road, is the "Carlotta Arch' gigantic bush-covered opening, almost on the top of the mountain. The scenery throughout is wonderfully grand and romantic, the mountains rising thousands of feet high on either side, while a rippling stream murmurs peacefully in and out the fern-covered valley. (To BE CONCLUDED.) 