(Continued from Saturday's Issue.) [all kigjits ueseuveij.] PENN YCOM EQUICKS. BY S. BARING-GOULD, Author of " Mehalau," " Court Royal," *'Johx Heiuhxo," "The Gavekocks," etc. CHAPTER XXV. Without Bells. Yirgilius, Bishop of Salsburg m the eighth century, condemned the erroneous doctrine held by some that wo have antipodes. It •was, no doubt, true that men in the middleages had not their antipodes, but it is certainly other wise now. Where our fathers' heads were, there now are our feet. Everything is the reverse in this generation of what it was in the last. Medicine condemns those things which Medicine did enjoin, and enjoins those things which wore forbidden. Whatourparents revered that we turn into burlesque, and what they cast aside as worthless that we collect and treasure. Maxims that moulded the.conduct in the last generation are tramp led underfoot in this, and principles thought immutable are broken by the succeeding age, as royal seals are broken on the death of tta sovereign. If wo wero bred up by our fathers in high Toryism, when Of age we turn a somersault and pose as Social Demo crats ; if wo learned the Gospel at our mothers's knee we profess Buddhism witli the sprouting of em- whiskers. The social' and moral barriers set up by our fathers w« throw down, aud justas'pigs when driven in one direction turn their snouts the other way, so do wc—so do our children : which is an evidence in favour of Dar.vminnism, showing that the porcine character still inheres. It was regarded of old as a canon by ro-. ronnce writers, that the final chapter of the last volume, bo it the seventh as in the days of Richardson, or the third as in thestt of Mudie aRd Smith, should end with th'o mar riage of the hero and heroine-. A. cruel and wayward Fate held the couple apart through the entire story, but they came together in the end. And there was a reason for this. Marriage is the climax of the romance of life Ic concludes one epoch and opens another, and that which it opens is prosaic. It WAS concluded, and concluded with some show of reason that a romance should deal with the romantic period of life and finish when that reaches its apogee. The Parliament of Love at Toulouse in the 12th century laid down that love and mar riage wer» mutually exclusive terms ; that romance died at the sound of wedding bellsi, or at longest lingered to the expiration of the Honeymoon. This law has ^ governed novelists ever since. The ingenuity of the author has consisted in devising impediments to the union of the lovers, and in knocking them out of their way as the story neared its conclusion. "But in this revolutionary age we have discar ded the rule ; and carried away by the innttvAt angstream the author of this tale hiss vteiitUl'ed to displace the marriage. Had his been com pletely lost to reverence to the ancient canons, in his desire to bti original, he would have opened his novel with a wedding pro cession, strutting to tho carriages over strewn Howers, holding bouquets, with tho pealing of wedding bells, whilst the bridegroom's man circulates, tipping the parson, the Ctirilte tho pewopener, the sexton, the clerk, tho Jjell-ringers, and all the other sharks that congregate about a bridegVuom, as the fish congregate about a ship 011 board of which is ;i corpse. But, as tile author is still held in check by old rule, or prejudice, andyetyields somewhat to the modern spirit of relaxation, he compromises between the extremes, and introduces the marriage in the middle of liis tale. I'.i a novel, n. marriage is always built up ■ol much romantic and picturesque and floral adjunct. It is supposed necessarily to in volve chord hymns, white favours, bridal veils, orange blossoms tears in the bride, Hauling cheeks in the bridegroom, speeches at the breakt;ist, an old slipper, and a shower of rice. Without these condiments a wed ding is a very insipid dish. But here we are forced to innovate. The marriage of Philip Pennycomequick rind .Salome Cusworth Wtls hurried oil ; there was no necessity for delay, and it was per formed in a manner so prosaic as to void it of every feature of romance and refinement. ■ In the parish church there was morning prayer every day at nine, and this service Salome frequently attended. ■On one morning as it happened, a grey <me, with a spitting sky—Philip also atten ded matins, from "the wicked man" to the 1iual " Amen." When, however, the service was concluded—a service attended by five Sisters of Mercy and three devout ladies— the vicar, instead of leaving the desk, coughed blew his nose, tmd glowered down the church. Then this clerk began to fumble among some b'joks, the five Sisters of Mercy perked up, the devout ladies who liad moved from their seats towards the church door were seized with a suspicion that something un usual was about to take place, aud hastily re turned to their places. The Sisters of Mercy 3iad with them one penitent, whom with sugar plums they wore alluring into the paths of virtue. It at once occurred to these reli yious women that to witness a wedding would bave an elevating, healthy effect on their penitent, and they resolved to stay—for her sake, for her sake only ; they, for their parts, being raised above all mundane interest. Also, the servants of the Vicarage, which ad joined the churchyard, by some means got wind of what was about to occur, and slipped ulsters over their light cotton gowns, and tucked their caps under pork pie hats, and tumbled into church breathing heavily. Then Philip, trying to look as if nothing was about to happen, came oufe of the pew, and in doing so stumbled over a hassock, knocked down his umbrella which leaned n'^ainst the pew, and sent some hymnals and Church services about the floor. Then he walked up the church, and was joined by Salome and her sister and mother. No psalm was •sung, no " voice breathed o'er Eden,"'but the Sisters of Mercy intoned tlio responses with vociferous ardour, and the penitent took the liveliest interest in the ceremonial, expressing her interest in giggles and sup pressed " Oh, my's !" Jb'inally, after " amazement," the parson, clerk, bride and bridegroom, and witnesses adjourned to the vestry, where the vicar made his customary joke about the lady signing her surname for the last time. The bellringers knew nothing about the wedding, and having been unforewarned were not present to ring a peal. No carriage with white favours to horses and driver was at the door of the church - no cab was kept at Mergatroyd —no rice was thrown, no sl'p per cast. I The little party -walked quietly and un observed hack to their house under umbrellas, mid on reaching home partook of a break fast that consisted of fried fish, l»acon, eggs, toast, butter, and home made .marmalade. IS,> guests were present, so speeches were made, no healths drunk. Therp was to be no wedding tour. Philip could not leave the mill, and the honeymoon must be passed in the smoky atmosphere of Mergatroyd, and without the intermission of the daily routine of work. A;; Philip walked home with Salome under the a-me umbrella, from the points of which the discolorcd water dropped, he said in a low tone to her, " I have, as you desired, offered your mother to manage her affairs for her. She has accepted my offer, and 11 have looked through her accounts. She has Tery little money." "Ido not suppose she can have much ; my poor father died before he was in a position to save any considerable sum." ; "She has about five hundred pounds in . Indian railway bonds, and a couple of hun dreds in a South American loan, and some three hundred in home railways — about fifteen to sixteen hundred pounds in all— that is to say she had this a little while ago." ' " And has is still, no doubt." " No ; you yourself told ine she had met ■with'tosses." "She informed me that she had, bub X cannot understand how this can have been. I doubt entirely that she met with losses." " But she allowed me to see lier b.ook, and she has sold 6ut some stock—in fact between two and three hundred pounds'worth. She did that almost immediately after my uncle's death." •• "But she has the money, realised, I sup pose." " Not at all. It is gone." "Gone!" " She cannot and will not account for it to me, except by the vague explanation that she hada sudden and unexpected call upon her •which she whs forced to meet." " But—she said nothing about this to me. It is-very odd." " It is, as you say, odd. It is, of course, possible that Janet may have had something to do with it, but I cannot say ; your mother will not enlighten me." " I cannot understand this," said Salome musingly. "I regret my offer," said Philip. "I would not have made it if I had not thought I should bo met with candour, and given the information I desired." When Mrs. Sidebottom heard that the marriage had actually taken place, tlretl her moral sense reared like a cob Utl accustomed to the curb. "It; is a scandal 1 .she exclaimed, "and so shortly aftxsV my sweet brother's death. A bagm&tAs; daughter, too !" - "Uncle Jeremiah died in November," said the captain. ; " Well, and this is March. To lttah-y a bagman's daughter in March ! It 18 a scan dal, ail outrage 011 the family/1 . " My uncle would have had no objections, I suppose. . Philip is as good as Mr. BayneSi" ■ " As good ! How you U-dfr, Tiamb, as if all the brains in your skttll liad gone to water. Philip is a Peiip.youmequick, and Baylies; is— of coi\rse> % Baynes." ' • J ' " What of that ?" •'Mr. Baynes was a manufacturer." " So is Philip." " Well, yes; for his aitis* But tkVsh lie is allied to us: who have drrttiploA 'all n,; arid capitalised a Q> And adopted and inserted a hyphen-. Mr. JJaJlnes was not in tho faintest degree" related to us. Philip has behaved frith gross indecency. A bagman's daughter within live months of his uncle's death! Monstrous. If she had been his social equal we could have waived the month—a bagman's daughter ! I fefei 'as if allied to blackbeetles." , ' 11 Her fa the!1 was about to be taken into partnership when he died." argued the'cap tain. " If he had been a partner, that would have been another matter, and I should not have been so pained and mortified; ftui he was not, and a man takes hi$ by the place he occupied wlveft SiO died, not by that which he might ftaYti Occupied had lie lived. Why^ if jSiiclmttom had lived and been elected i\iayor of Northingham in the year t\\\e Prince's visit he might have becu | knighted, but that.does not make me Lady I Sidebottom." ■ " You call him a bagmah,1'' fdi'A fejjtain Lambert, " But I should !ig was a com mercial traveller.' 11 And httVv t'tiGs that mend matters 1' Do seveiV syllables make a difference 1 A dress irtlprover is no other than a bustle, and an influenza than a cold in the'head." " All 1 know is," said the captain, " that his daughters are douced prebty girls; rtri'd as good a pair of ladies as .you will iiieet any whero. I've known s'uViYo of your grand ladies say awfully stupid things, and I can't imagine .T'&iiet; doing that; and some do rather rteail things, and Salome could not by any Chance do what Avas unkind or ungenerous. I've a deuce of a mind to propose to Janet, as I have been chiselled out of my one hun dred and fifty." " Chiselled cut '' Yes, ovit of itiy WiWuity. If the will, had been Valid I Should have had that of my own; buVlW I have nothing and am forced to go to you for every penny to buy tobacco. It is disgusting. I'll marry Janet. I am glad she is n widow and available. She lias a hundred and fifty, per annum of her own, and is certainly left something handsome by Baynes." | "Fiddlesticks!" cxclainicd Mrs. Sidebot tom. • "I will, indeed, unless I am Tiiore liberally' treated. I hate to bo dependent 011 you for everything. 1 wish I had served a cave;it against your getting administration' of the property, niid done something to get the old will put to rights." Mrs. Sidebottom turned green with anger and alarm. " I will go to Philip's wedding breakfast, or dinner, or dAiice, or whatever lie is going to have, itiid snatch a kiss from little Janet, pull her behind the window curtains and propose for her hundred and iifty, I will." Lambert's mother was very angry, but she said no more. She knew the character of her son; he vtould not bestir himself to do what he threatened. Hia bark was worse than his bite. Ho fumed and then turned cold. ; But Philip gave no entertainment on his wedding day invited no one to his house con sequently Lambert had not the opportunity he desired for pulling Janet behind the win dow curtains, snatching a kiss and proposing for her hundred and fifty pounds. "Ishall refuse to know them," said Mrs. Sidebnttoin. " And return to York ?" asked her son. "I can't leave .it once," answered his mother. " I have the house on my hands. Besides, I must have an eye on the factory. Lamb, if you had any spirit in you, you • woukl learn bookkeeping, so as to be able to control the accounts. I do not trust Philip : how can I, when he marries a bagman's" daughter ? It is a proof of deficiency in com mon sense, and a lack of sense of recititude. I Who was Salotr.e's mother ? We do not know her maiden name. These sort of people are like diatoms that fill the air, and no one can tell whence they came and what they are. They are every where about us and all equally insignificant." Mrs. Sidebottom had but the ears of her son into which to pour her discontent, for she had no acquaintances in Mergatrovd. On coming.there she had been met by the manufacturers' wives in a cordial spirit. Her brother was highly respected, and they hastened to call on her and express their readiness to do her any kindness she might need as a stranger in the town.—She would have been received into the society there—a genial one—had she been inclined. But she was supercilious. She allowed the ladies of Mergatroyd to understand that she belonged to another and higher order of beings, and that the days. in which the gods and god desses came down from Olympus to hold converse with men were over. The consequence was that she was left to herself, and now she grumbled at the dul ness of a place which was only dull to her, because of her own want of tact. No more kindly, friendly people are to be found in England than the North Country manufac turers, but the qualities of frankness, direct ness, which are conspicuous in them, were precisely those qualities which Mrs. Sidebot tom was incapable of appreciating, were qualities which to her mind savoured of bar barism. And yet Mrs. Sidebottom belonged, neither by birth nor by marriage nor by acceptance, to a superior class. She was the daughter of a manufacturer, and the widow of a small country attorney. As the paralytic in the sheep-market waited for an angel to put him into tlio pool, so did Mrs. Sidebottom spend her time and exhaust her powers in vain endeavours to get dipped in the clean sing basin of county society, in which she might be purged of the taint of trade. And, like the paralytic of the story, she had to wait, and was disappointed annually, and had the mortification of seeing some neigh bour or acquaintance step past her and en ter the desired circle, whilst she was making ready and beating about for an introducer. She attended concerts, public balls, went to missionary meetings ; she joined working parties for .charitable objects, took stalls at bazaars, hoping by these means to get with in the vortex of the fashionable world and be drawn in, but was always disappointed. Round every eddy may be seen sticks and straws that spin on their own axis ; they make dashes inwards, and are repelled, never succeeding in being caught by the coil -of the whirlpool. So was she ever hovering on the outskirts of the aristocratic ring, ever aiming to pierce it, and always missing her object. A poem by Kenrick, written at the coro nation of George III., represents that cele brated beauty and toast, the Countess of Coventry, recently deceased, applying to Pluto for permission to return to earth and mingle iu the entertainments of the Coro nation. Pluto gives his consent ; she may go—but as a ghost remain unseen. Then says the Countess :— " A fig for fine sights, if unseen one's fine face. What signifies seeing, if oneself ie not seen?" So Mrs. Sidebottom found that it was very little pleasure to her to liover about genteel society, and see into it, without herself being seen in it. Her descent to Mergat royd was in part due to a rebuff she had met with at York, quite as much as to her desire to concilate her half-brother. She trusted that when she returned to York she would ba so much richer than before that this would afford her the requisite momentum which might impel her within the magic circle, within which, when once rotating, she would be safe, confident of being able to maintain her place. " My dear Lamb," said she, " I may in form you, in the strictest confidence, that I seo my way to becoming wealthy, really wealthy. There is a speculation on foot-, of which I hnvo received information through : my York agent, to buy up land and build h great health resort near Bj-idlingtoVii W bte billed Iodinopolis .or Ye'oviHc-, Uiii name is not quite fixed. 35ft) one is to know any thing abollt it but the few who take pre ference shares. I am most anxious to realise some of the securities that came to me through my darling brother's death, so as to invest. The manager is called Beaple Yecx" ''Never heard of him." — v • • ■ "And the chairman ia.thfe Earrof Scho field. Mr. Beadle Xe'o arid th'e Earl together guni«rt6e§ seventeen ji'er cent;— think of illatr, Latalb !—on their owii guarantee !—an Eal-1, too,—and the funds Are only tlitee or tlivete and a half i" , '(To ve mUi'Aued.) fflpi 