AN INDLAN GHOST STORY. Saheb Don Dhobey was a prison official of proved courage and magnificent physique, who was brought from Jessore to Allpore to take the place of head warder. It was his duty to visit the patrols between tlhe surrounding walls every night between the hours of twelve and two. On one occasion, after he had been only a few days in the gaol, lie set out on his rounds as usual, but some timne after two in the morn ing it was found that lie had not returned. Time wore on, and at last mere wondering why ihe was so late gave place to anxiety, and a search party was organised. They carried torches, and at last came upon the insensible form of Saheb Den Dhobey. Ite was lying prostrate upon the ground close to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. Tlhe unfortunate man was carried to the officials' quarters, and there, after a time, by the application of water and other restoratives, he was brought around. The following was the tale he told: He had been going his rounds and had stooped down to adjust one of his shoes, when he felt someone spring upon him from behind and com mence belabouring hiu between tihe shoulders. The concussion forced him on to his hands and knees, and he first thought that it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by putting one arm behind his back, but he could feel nothing, yet the blows continued to rain downr upon him, and he felt hlimself pressed down to the earth by a great weight. At last a voicoaddressed him, ' You dare come here, do you, to defile by your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin?' And with that the man felt himself lifted bodily up, and then dashed face forward on to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoke to consciousness in the guard room. When he had finished this strange story, the aged head warder, who was about to retire, came up and put the question: ' What is it that is being said about Govind Brahmin ? This led to explanations, and the old warden told how a noted budmash of that name, who had committed several cold-blooded murders, had been hanged in the Allpore gaol six-and-twenty years before. ' But,' pointed out one of the auditors, ' Saheb Den Dhoboy was attacked a good distance from the gallows. We found him close to the hospital gates.' ' Ah,' replied the old man impressively, ' the scaffold in those days stood on tile very spot where you found the prostrate body yof `aheb Den Dhobey.' The latter listened with blanched face; then hie threw himself back on the couch on which he lay, ' My hour has come,' he said. ' It must have been the spirit of Goviud Brahmin that attacked and beat me. M'y heart is broken. It is certain I must die. And he died in two days' time.-Tirtes of lidis. 