[By 'Hipparion.'] I The Sydney Retire-, tipped the winner of every one of the six races run at lUnd w ii'k on Saturday. It needed no ghost from' the grave tu n» i IikI Carbine, Dreadnought, Titan, nn-i I'ei Girl would w in their enLr»L''fiiei)t8. bin ' Bellriiiuer fur the Hurdle-' mid 'Sir Wllllsm for tne uoncaHter naimi(vi|i' was good tipping. Belliiiicer'i' weight in (he, jumping rice was 12 st. 8 lb.; Btiijn, who ran second, had 9 st. 2 lb ; and Charlie was third, umler 9»t. Whether Felix | and General Gordon started we shan't know for a day or ho ; tliev carried respectively 11 st. 5 Ih. and 12 st. 3 lb. Our Queemlxnd horses don't appreciate Mr. Bcarr's flattering treatment, and If the last line obtainable as to Felix's form through Beggar Boy Is io he relied on the grey was handicapped cIrhd out of it at 11 st. 3 lb., for Beggar Boy couldn't score in New South Wales under hut very few pounds uioie, and lie was always a class above Felix. Tbe race between Carbine, Melos, and Dreadnought for the Autumn 8takeB, w.f.a., 1} mile, wbb worth a journey round tbe world lo see, and Donald Wallace's great horse should be hard to beat for tbe Cup, wherein be gives Dreadnought more weight than on Satur day, aud has to concede Melos 4 lbs. Tbe Cup distauce, however, is halfa mils further than the Autumn Slakes, wbicb is in Carbine's favor and against tbe 3-year-old. while tbe extra half mile aud 'the 4 Ib. concession are In favour of Melos, and against Carbine. But these speculations are idle, for tbe race will be over ere tbey reach you, aod to return to history. The victories of Titan In tbe Produce, Dreadnought In the St. Leger, and Pet Girl in (be Mutual Selling Plate, were foregone conclusions, and require no commeDt; but Sir William ran a great colt to win the mile Duncaster Handicap iu l min 43J, sees, under Buch a weight as 8 at. 6 Ib. (on a 3-year old), aud with nearly a el one less on his back in tbe Cup, knowing as we do tiis fond ness for h distance of ground, it would not surp'ise uit- to near of Ills upselting the fav rifes, 'under Ills 7 s(. 9 Ih. Harry Walsh purchs»ed Mikado and 'lie yearling colt hy Epigram, out or Lady Baldwin's sister, Virgo, hy Tbe Drummer (imp.) out of Britannia (linn.) by Cathedral— Z'nobia, by Melbourne. The prices bave not transpired, hut are said to be satisfactory to both parties Tattersall's races, on Saturday, were but poorly attended, not more thau 2000 people heing on tbe grouiid during the day, and only £35-HJ weut through the totalisater ; but the racing was good and interesting. Tbe course, saturated Bfter the previous day's and night's heavy showers, wan hid eoiug, and dangerous, and tbe wonder is there were so few accidents ; only two in the hurdle race Laurel II. falliuu at the first, and Trooper at the last hurdle— and one in one of the flat races, wben Piora cimo to grief, while running well. Eleven weighed out for tbe mile Dalveen Handi cap, for which Orinond, 9st, was regarded a dead bird, and be won, but not till after slot of rousing to shake -off the persistent efforts of Barbelia, 6 st 7 lbs. wbo fought out a losing battle wiih wonderful gamene^s. Of course she could not bave beaten the old horse, if he kept going, under any circumstances, hut (be way she stuck to him made hi.' backers replies when he had passed the post, a sbo-t neck lo the good. Another outsider Elliptus. was third, and the mile was put away in 1 mill. 52J sees, and good going at that, on the sadden turf. Adam 7 st 10 Ihs, Glencoe 7 si 8 lbs, Stanihoul 7st 8 lbs, Edna 7 si 4 lbs, M. P. 7 st 2 lbs, Searle 7 st, Corooella 6 st 9 IIib. aud Liberater 6 st also ran. Next { to the Metropolitan, tbe Cham pagne Slakes was the next interesting I race of tbe day, introduciug us to -the two-year-olds iu their Autumn dress; aud the meeting of The General, Megaphone, Qaruda, Refused. Piora, and Carnatiou witb the ''ark Kingsworth, Mu/.-ppa, and Clinton, was, perhaps, to the genuine sportsman, tbe chief event of the after I noon. Clinton, a brother to Ciirnhrnnk, witti tne teamer oi o si. iu in., weui away at score, making tbe pace very hot till he pumped biuiBelf out with bis long stride ou the heavy ground, and Refused aud Tbe General took up tbe ruuuing. The filly retired early, and the grey cult kept in front till turning into the straight, when Garuda and Megaphone put iu tbeir claims Tbe daughter of Gamos failed to substantiate Iters, but Mega phone, who bad been judiciously ridden a waitiug race, had more left in him tbau the grey. when thu' pinch 1 came, and Charlie Brown's colt gradu ally drew clear, and WOI1 a gooil race by a length. Tim' , 1 miu. 10| sec*. I don't tbiuk the result represents tbe real relative form of the pair, lor though Megaphone' was decidedly backward — not a shilling of his owner's money on him — The Geueral was far too light, fora two-yetr-old was made ton much u*e of in the race, and was conceding 6 lhfe. ; if the two meet again, I think NeBbitt's colt will turn tbe tables— as two^nor olds. What their relative form as three year-olds will he is anotber matter. He fused disappointed ner irinnoH, nut not ber stable' ; far too much cupital had been made of her 'bitherto unbeaten certificate,' which simply amounted to a couple of wlus at Toowoomba over hack neys, and a Nursery victory, ' all out,' at Eagle Farm, under 7 st. 3 lbs. ; Oooru mln running a good second to her under 8 st. 8 lbs. ; Garuda, third, under 9 st. 1 lb.; and Greygown, fourth, with 9 st, 4 lbs. up. Of the eleven oolored ou the card fortlieNormanby Hurdles, only one — Ehcb, 10 st,— wbb drawn, leavingagood field, niimeiically, often lo gel the lieuvy two milep, Laurel H. made ber bow nt tbe Illegitimate business in this race, and came to grief at the first hurdle, falliug and throwing, but not hurting, her rider, though she picked herself up again quick, and raced over a couple of Jumps, with the rest of them, minus her rider; she baulked and ran oil at the jump leading into the straight, and was then ' caught and led away. No other accident occurred till Ihe last jump was reached, Wben tbe 'dark ' Trooper, who has been running In back races in tbe suburbs of late, came to grief, when Ills victory was all but assured, for lie was going farter aud stronger at the lime than either of bin nearest opponents, AWx II,, and tbe Mururllumhah horse Benefactor, he. ween which pair, after Trooper's down fall, the I»sue was left, nnd a close rnceup the straight ended III the vjrtory, hy little over lialf.'i.lenglh, of thu hay Benefactor, 9 st , who is snid to lie a brother, hulf-broiher. or hrother in blood, to Kildare. Ajax II., who tbii second, carried !) st. 6 Ih.. and Starlight was a fair third, under 9 St. 12 Ib. Time lor tho 2 miles, 4 inln. 24 sees. Trooper carried 19 lbs. over weight, or altogether 10 st. 5 Ib. The Western horse, Cash Down, run well, andsodldoldNapoleun, till he feiriame. Nine was hot a very {big flelri for A valuable priz? like the 300 irinv.: Metropolitan, but it was. hardly the handioapper's fault, aud thlB two mile rie« whs an interesting oue fromeuu to end. 'Vita was a warm favorite al 6 to 2, and Wandsworth, Orange Kud, and Tougy; were more or lesH hacked. Some supported AJnx. hut owing to the waul of confidence In King Olaf, exhibited by bis party, Ihe chestnut cult had few friends. John Walsh's Little Jeannie wub not supposed, either' hy owner or public, to have » 100 to 1 show. Moat of the work I was out out by Aga. Ajax, ami Little Jeauuie, the latter fudeed forcing the paoe, after going less thau half a mile to ibe turn for home, where Aga drew up loherglrth. Half a mile from tile poet, however. King Olai', wbo had been riddep a very ctever walling race, lyiug I mII the way isst, clear of eVerything for a mile olid a halt, l-iegantogo up, and ul the disiauce post joiued tile leaders or. the outside, just as Aga began lo look dangerouH alongside Jeannie, Tbe three turned the corner nearly abreast, liut once InHide ihe straight the King came away, cud though be raD out towards the tail half way up, Brickey vet him straight again in a stride nr two, and landed bim a rather easy winner by a .length, from Little Jeanuie. who defeated Aga for aecoud place hy half a lengtb. Time 3 min. 53 - sec. A great (iuish for the Selling Plate resulted in the victory ofEdua, 0 st5 Itis, (uil) by a b-ai from Exile 6 st 3 lbs (nil). The latter ought to have won, hut running out a bit at Hie turn he let Harry Walsh mare up on the inside, and he never quile regaiued the length he lost, coming round the bend. Time 1 min. 55 shcs. The wiuuer was bought in for £74, all of which g ius to tbe club. IlbogHU, 9 st 10 lbs, after a det perately slogging fiuish with Hiawatha, 8 at 6 lbs, managed lo iaud tbe Toorak Welter by ft length, Goldeustone, 10 st, who appeared to have the race at biB meruy, ;utiiug it itiv j.iuh iiuui uuuie, as is bis wont in a race after Bbowing trials good enough lo win a Newmarket Handicap. Time lor the 1,] mile 2 min. 26| sees. Lurliue 11 M 7 ins, Ajax lOst 3 lbs, Adam lOet 2lh*, M P. 9st9 lbs, Blue Peter 9 st, aud Esca S st 4 lbs, alsu ran. Ou Monday the weather was beauti fully fine, aud the course iu te ller order than on Saturday, though a little smi on the far side, and near tne 7 furlong pn-i. Tbe atlendauce was fairly good, between three and four thousand probably, and the racing simply splendid, everyeve.it hut Ihe last treating us to an exciting I finish. Twelve wtighed out for th- Lytton Handicap, 7 furlongs Wands worth, 8 si 10 lbs, Illiogau 8 st 2 lbs ; ? Phantasm 7 st 13 lbs, Glencoe 7 st 10 lbs : |,Stamhou)78t 7 lbs; Garuda 7st 5 lb* ; Sunlight 7 st 4 lbs; Rarhella 7si 4 JIjh ; Master Waller 7 st 3 ihs ; CoronelU 6 st. 9 Ihs. ; Lofi-ou-Hnud,6rt. 7 lbs , and Piora, 6 st. A magnificeut race between the lot ended iu a dead heat between Runlight and Master Wulter, with llho gan, third, according to the judge, who was, however, persuaded by a gentleman in the box with him that ' Corouella's nose was in frout.' and His Honour changed his miml, ultimately, aud after a long and suspicious delay, giving the I verdict in favor of 'Corouella, by haifa head ' Tbis I had from the judge himself, who made uo secret of tiie dif. ference nt'opiuiun betweeu himself and the gentleman iu tbe box with him, and. indeed, seemed rather proud of bis own politenes-i iu giving way to bis friend, who held no official position at all in the box or out of it ill connect ion witli the rncis Time, 1 min. 34 sees. Tne Nudgee Selling Plate, looked upon as a good thing for Exile, or Edua, ended in a surprise, for Hdua whs never in ihe hunt, and Ksile was jutil bea-eii by tile silver-tailed Minnie, who. entered io li poid for £20, was bought in bv her owner, M. Quirk, at an adviuceof £8, and begot ber nnck cneap enough lor she is very fast, aud nicely bred, being u nalf-sini. i (o Drummer, winner of ihe Hawkesbury Autumu Handicap aud WagnaCup. Tne Hurdle Race was a very line one. Trooper, 10 st. 12 lbs., who fell the lirst day. with th' race apparently in hand al tile I Bt hurdle, uud-r 10 st. 5 lb-., in cluding 19 ibs. overweight, just gelling home by a head Iroui Esca. 10 st. 7 lbs., who was only aiiout baif a-lei gtli in front of Laurel II. The latter, when abe gets practice, will make a name for herself. Spondulix fell, aud Ajax II threw bis rider. Sevt ral hurdles were thrown dowu owing lo the pins being easily drawu nut of tne soft ground, and had tbe obstacles all stood up the result might have been diflerent. Ten saddled up for the CHy aud Soliui ban Handicap, 20(1 wvs., 1 mile 3 fur longs Ag», 9 St.; King Olaf, 8 st. 4 lb. (including 7 lli. penalty) ; Wandsworth, 8st ; Ormond, 7 st. 13 lb.-, Liouel, 7 st. ti Ih.; Orange liud, 7 st. 2 lb.; Little Jeauuie, 6 st. 12 lb.; Adam, 6 st 12 ib.; Goldenstone, 6 st. 10 Ih.; and Ztlnia's sister, Ziuuia, 6 et. 4 Ib. The favorites, of course, were the placed horses in the big event of Saturday— King Oiaf, Little Jeannie. and Aga, hut none of the three was ever in liie first flight, and tbe finish was fought out bitterly i\v Oi mond, Wandsworth, and Orange Bud, Ihe latter winning by a neck from Wandsworth, wbo wus a aiiuilar dis til nee iu front of Ormoiid. Golde' stone and King Olaf finished neck aud neck fourth and liflb, Aua sixth, and the tail was rather long. Time, 2 mill. 30 sec., which is verv good considering the coing. Ag*. 9 st. 2 lb.; Sir Autliony, 9 si. 2 Ib ; Lurliue, 9 st ; and Greygown, 6 St. 11 lb., started for the Norman Stakes, w.f a.. 1 mile 240 yards. Barnes' o'd horse went away at score, followed by Lurline, Sir Antbonv, and Grey gown. in that order, the I wo-year-old, a very slow b'ginn»r, apparently taken oil l;tH legs, and unable to p»ce with tbem for nearly a quarter of a mile. When he setiled down to galloping, however, he passed Sir Anthony, and drew level with Lurline, just as she was racing with Aga for (he lead. The old horse fell back before reaching the half mile, and Finnie's mare and the grey ran locked together past the quarter mile aod round the bond before reaching the straight;' at the Hb'tahne post Lur line appeared lo have tile best of (lie hilll', and she entered the Inline stretch a lillieiu advance, keeping her advan tage to half way up. when Ihe weight began to tell, and Greygown running with extraordinary ganieuess, nud answering to every cut nf the whip, gradually drew level, and won In the hist two or three strides liy a neck, Sir Anlhony a very easy and philosophic third, and Aga fourth. Tun', 2 min 6:| sees. Ormond, 9 st 10 111, Ilbogan, 8 st 2 Ib, Phantasm, 7 st 13 lb, Gnldenslone, 7 si 12 Ih, Glencop, T st 1(1 Ih, Ajax, 7 si 8 Ib, Stamhoul, 7 Bt 7 lb, Garuda', 7 st 5 lb, Sunlight, 7 st 4 Ib, Elliplue, 7 st, M I'.. 7 at, and Clinton, (i st, made up the field for the Roub HnudiuM). 7 furlong*, and GoldenBtone, after disappointinc his owuer a dozen times, going out unbacked for (..shilling, won In easy fashion by a length clear from M . 1'., w.:o was half as ] far In front of rihogan. Mild m I ipled a meeting, most successful Irom a racing pilut of yiew. I forgot to mention that, nefore ; tbo slart for Ibe Cdv and Suburban, Wandswoilh cannoned against King Olaf. knocked Ilrlckey Colley opt of Ihe Huddle, and shook the colt bartjy,.e» much so Hint tie ran very unkindly,, and, .according lo Colby, ic. used to race in earnest. The Rockbumplon Jockey (.';ub pro. gramme bag been published, and will 1,. .noticed at length next weqk. Tbenddm? imouey tlOrtO' ls an Increase of £.in l}. that of tust yeur, and there ure heu-« racN each dxy T He Rockhampion Poll Curl 11 Handicaps of 200 and Itm »»v»i|rm«dlvdy,,r,!|l„ big even* ^ Considering (lie fr.ufullv bad tin, „ the ; Q T.C. autumn handicaps fiLt well, 39 for Ibe StradhroUe Handicim for Ihe t 'up, and 43 lor ihe Mo ,.'il Handicap Tbere |H * imlB 11HW , 1 ' infused, the slrangeis he),,^..,, ' Buuslmde, Leorma, Annua,, Itin^, ,; Musketeer,1 birlus, Golden Locks, Young Sardonyx. TIi-b is uotbio ft iiu Gyiupieor .Maryborough, aud 1111 entry Irom Hie Norihor West. 