A CAUTION TO CURATES. A Sehmox ox Skhmoxs. By Ancir DEACOX FAHItAlt. That evergreen of journalism—the ser mon question—is treated in an interest ing way by Archdeacon l'urrur in Tin Fur urn (Now York) for November. JIo j begins liy a sliovtplea foe sermons. Most .sermons are bad, it is true, but then so also are most speeches delivered elsewhere. .Sermons are unquestionably grout sopoti- ( fios, but ilien "must not the blame at least be shared by Eutyolius who sleeps r" besides, "jireaching is an ordinance, and almost a distinctive ordinance, of Christi anity." Therefore, suggests the Arch deacon, congregations should suiter j foolish sermons gladly, in remembrance | of the great, sermons of St. l/nineis, and , Prneloii, and Wesley. Having disposed of these (somewhat half-hearted) apolo getics, Archdeacon Eurrar proceeds to the , main subjects of his article, which is | "Modern Claims upon the I'ulpit." He says The Coward's Castle. We live iii times when nearly all know how to read, and when excellent books | are within the easy reach even of the poorest. Nothing is more fatal to the pulpit than that in the very subjects with which it deals, it should be surpassed in knowledge l>y the pew. Nothing is more offensive in the modem preacher, especially when he is young and raw and ignorant, than the assumption of any l ight to lay down the law oil disputed topics. He should nit her endeavouv to convince, and to illustrate, and to pur- | sonde, and to win. The pulpit is no longer a coward's castle. The preacher ; can lie answered if any one thinks him of J sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. Ilis most solf-imporfaiit i assertions will lie taken only for what tboy aro worth. Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will he listened to with a smile, and will lie taken as a measure, not of his authority, [ lmt of his conceit. Nothing will tell more jwwcrfully and more deservedly j against the modem preacher than for him to give himself the airs of the mediiuval inquisitor or the domineering priest. Tile Curate's Quagmire. Against greed and oppression, against | falsehood and uiicleiiiiness, against robbery and wrong, the humhlcstpveaeher may set his face as a Hint. If he he faithful even in this region of his teach ing, he may find an unlimited sphere i of usefulness and abundant opportunities for martyrdom. And when ho is main tabling with modest conviction the central truths of the Christian faith, enshrined in the Nicene and Apostolic creeds as the primitive, heritage of Christianity, ho may lean his feebleness i upon the vast authority of the universal j Churuli. but when he leaves these solid liases for the quagmires of questions respecting which all Christians may lawfully diil'er, and when he mistakes the consent of popular ignorance and the current of fashionable opinion for i truths which he may try to enforce | j by the vulgar methods of eeelesiastieal ( controversy, he renders himself ridicu lous and base, lie may easily succumb | to the temptation of degrading a sacred ordinance into a coarse engine for per sonal aggrandizement and party intrigue. The Treacher's Curses against Science. , There are two great departments of | knowledge which preachers are constantly tempted to invade, with 110 bettor equip ment than that of a traditional and nn instrueted opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more oll'on sive by being ornamented with a smatter ing of impossible apologetics. They are the domains of science and of biblical, critisism. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has sufficient honosly to accept facts, can possibly deny that scarcely a single truth of capital importance in science has ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the fury of theological dogmatics. In every instance the dog matists have been iguomiuiously defeated. The world moved, as Galileo said it did, in spite of the Inquisition. A great Puri tan divine thought that he had checked the progress of astronomical inquiry when lie said that lie preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton ; yet Newton was absolutely right and the Puritan divine was hopelessly wrong. Thou.sandsofpulpitsfnhniiiatedUuatlieiiiiis against the early geologists; and one \ religious controversialist—-with the ex quisite culture and sui vity which marks the ordinary language of self- sufficient bigots—satisfied himself that during the j ages which preceded the creation " God bail been preparing a hell for the geolo gists." Yet., before thirty years had | elapsed, the rejection of the truths which pnheontology had revealed would have lieen regarded as the mark of an idiot, bet the modern preacher learn a little ! wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspen sion of judgment from the disastrous i annals of the past. Ilis curses, like | chickens, will only come home to roost. The Exploded Dogma he "Yeriiat. i Dotation."' Again, there has been an undoubted advance in the domain of biblical J knowledge. A preacher who relies only 011 our Authorized Areision will preach oil j scores of texts which an instructed hearer | knows to lie mistranslated or to linve n j meaniiigquilo other than flic one attached j to tliem. Purther than this, an im | incuse and silent revolution has taken , place in the whole mode of regarding Scripture. The whole dogma of verbal dictation has become too baseless an j absurdity for any well-instructed and unbiassed intelligence to maintain. Men have been learning more and more fully the significance of the wise rabbinic saying that " the law speaks in the tongue of the sons of men:" in other , words, that the limitations of human language and t he disabilities of human infirmity were not miraculously removed from those who were chosen as the channels of Divine revelation. It has , been seen that different parts of the bible i | are of very different value, and that much J of the moral teaching of the. Old T'esta , mont represents an interior phase of en lightenment and stands far liolow that of the New. Mankind lias beenslow to loam the lesson ; hut the preacher who in these days think it necessary : as was done by ! a very recent commenfator. to institute # I parallel between Jael mid the Virgin | I Mary, to defend the human sacrifice offered by Jephthah, to treat slavery as a I divine institution, to refer acts of atroci ous cruelty to the direct command of the All-merciful, and to maintain the righteousness of inn's which ended ill flic wholesale and cold-blooded massacre of innocent women and children such a preacher may revel in the admiration of | young ladies and religious cliques, hut lie puts himself out of court when lie claims | to impose his crude ignorance and shift ing morality upon the consciences of wise and thoughtful men. Archdeacon Eavvav concludes his very outspoken article by some just censures 011 those preachers ivho excuse tlieir own imiorauce by representing the advance (Jf knowledge as due to " unbelief," and by advising all preachers to learn, as educated hearers have long learned, to ' discriminate between the wheat of divine revelation and the immeasurable chuff of human theories and systems. James "Whitcoiub Riley, tlio bachelor poet, is in receipt constantly of letters from women who want to marry him. 