Bowing and Sailing Notes. < The Open Handioap Outriggor Raoo for Mr. Need's ; trophy, and for second a pair of racing sonlla, which ended Bomewhat unsatisfactorily on Ootobor 4 at the Mercantile Rowing Club's annual regatta, was re-rowed on tho Parramatta River on tho after noon of October ll, tho conrso being from the club branch to tho beacon at Blaxlands Point, distanoe about two miloB. Tho Bteamer Midget fol lowed tho race with a fair numboron board. Mr. K. Giltinan actod aa starter, Mr. J. Biaokman as umpire, and Mr. F. Senior, jun., as judgo. Of the 15 entries reoeived only seven started. Tho following waa the result: J. M'Rao, M.R.C., 20seo, 1; W. Goulding, E.S R.C., lOseo, 2 ; G. C. Bastes, L.R.C., aoratoh, 3. G. W. Whatmoro, F. Drury, C. Chandler, and J. A. Smith also Btartod. All tho mon were Bent away to their rospeotivo handicaps, Smith passing Gladesville with a big load, Bastes coming up fast. At tho gas works M'Rao led by a couplo of lengths, Smith being last. Goulding, at Putney, had dropped into second ?lace, with Whatmoro third. Shortly after passing Putney, Drury gave up. M'Rae passed the flagboat fully lour longths ahead of Gould ing, half u. length separating sooond and third. Time, 13min 53seo. There was a strong flood tide running up tho river. Those who did not start wore Messrs. Ruwald, Jenkins, I verna, Richards, Quist, Booth and Thomson. The Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club celebrated the opening of its sailing season on Saturday by a rendezvous of the club fleet in Neutral Bay, and aiter going through some evolutions, a sail down to the heads. The boats were under the command ot Commodore Johnston, who hoisted his flag on the Asteroid shortly be!oro 3 o'clook, and a number of hoatB wore present, including the Ethol, Happy Thought, Wanganella, Milowa, and Varuna. After going down nearly to Clarke leland the commodore went about and signalled tho fleet to follow into Sirius Cove and anchor. This having been done the crews wont aboard tho Asteroid, where " Success to the Coming Season" was duly toasted in bumpers. s Mr. Urquhart, a new member of the club, has gener ously prosonted tho club with a lOgs trophy for a raoo, and no doubt others will duly follow suit. The lollowing ore the officers for tho year : President, Mr. W. L. Vernon ; vice-presidents, Messrs. W. H. Carey, C. Mitchell, W. H. Tnilock, J. Stewart, Mason, J. F. Mann, J. M. Johnstone, L. Dodds, and E. Anderson ; commodore, A. Linton Johnston; vice-commodoro, Tom Lawry; captain, H. M. Cockahot; hon. trea surer, A. Spain; hon. seoretary, A. Northcote, com mittee, Measra. S. W. Spain, F. Rae, W. Paul, and A. Johns. . The members of the Port Jackson Sailing Club cele brated the opening of the season on Saturday afternoon by a rendezvous of boats under Commodore George Hellings, and a sail down the harbor. The fleet mustered in Farm Covo shortly after 3 o'olook, the boatB being in the following divisions:-Starboard: Our Tom (Commodore), Mantura, Our May, Regina, Masailia, Isadore, Atalanta, Iverna, Wild Wave. Port division: Idothea (Vice-commodors), Scylla, Craig ielea, The Ghost. Lottie, Imogene, Violet, Esmeralda, and Our Jack. There was a fresh nor'-east6r blow ing, and some of tho evolutions which were carried out between Kirribilli and Bradleys Head were very lively. The club's programme isaued for the season prorm>ea that somo good raoing will take place. Mr. A. J. Speer, hon. sec., was in charge of tho following Bteamer, and visitors had a very good time. At tho annual meeting ot the Port Adelaide Row ing Club, held on Ootobor 3, about 40 new members were elected. Tho following officers wore elected for the ensuing year: Patron, Captain Osborne; vice presidents, four ; hon. secretary, J. Sweeney; hon. treasurer, C. ClouBton; captain, R. Cruickshanks ; vice captain, C. Heath ; committee, C. Clouston, D. Man Bon, W. Wooldridge. Tba opening day was fixed for Saturday, October 25. Tho club fleet ia to be largely added to. The committee of tho East Sydney Amateur Sailing Club held a meeting at the Temperance Hall, Pitt Btreet, on October 9. This club, which has been formed for the benefit of boats sailing from Woolloomooloo and Elizabeth Bays, promises to bo one of th« best institutions of its kind for our harbor. The ohair was taken hy Mr. W. A. Notting. The business transacted was : Nominations for officers of the olub, adoption of general managing and sailing rules, and the arrangements for opening the active proceedings of the club, by holding a race on Novem ber 8, for whioh already some 12 entries-have been received. Judging from the interest displayed it shows that this club will supply what has long been wanted, a well-organised club to direct sailing matters in thia locality. At a public meeting held at tho town hall, Bal main, to forward tho arrangements for tho annual regatta, the Mayor (Mr. G. Clubb, M.L.A.) pre sided. The balance-sheet and report of tho last re Ratta was read by tho hon. sec. (Mr. G. Chidgey), tho financial report of which showed a Binall credit balance. "Tho report was adopted on tho motion of Mr. F. Smith, M.L.A., and it was also agreed that tho annual regatta should take place in November. The following officers wero- elected : Messrs. Pacey, and Nash wero elected hon. secretaries, and Alder man J. J. Wheeler treasurer ; president, the Mayor ; vic*-presidents, Sir Henry Parlies, G.C.M.G., Hon. J.H. Young, J. Garrard, F. J. Smith, J. L.Haw thorne, Ma.L.A., Aldormon Easton, Swan, and Punch, Captain Broomfield, John Booth, Captain Phillips, and ethers. A strong committee was also nominated subject to election, and the meeting then closed. The programmo will be issued without delay, and it promises to be ono of the besfaqnatic outings yet held in the borough. Our cablegram fron: London, October 13, says that William O'Connor, the Canadian oarsman, has left . London for Canada. There waa a rogatta in connection with tho opening of tho now waterworks at Orango, on tho afternoon of October 8. About -1000 persona wero present. Tho Singlo Sculls Eaco waa won by McDermott defeating Wall, Galo and Stirling. Tho Handicap All-comera Eaco, tho prizes ¡or which were .£30 and ¿£20, waa won by Goorgo Bubear, with Charles Matterson second. Tho course waa two and a-half miles, with seven turin, round moored buoys. Bubear won by four lengths. Tho Friondly Societies' Boublo Soull Eaco was won by Galo and Stirling beating Hunt and Wilker. Tho Boys' Eaco was won by Ellard. His Excellency the Governor witnessed some of tho ovents. A four-oared contest for mombers of the Parramatta Bowing Club took place on Saturday aftornoon over a milo course, from Eydalmero Wharf to Subiaoo. Tho trophies wero jerseys and caps pre sented by the olub, hoing both useful aa well ns ornamental. In tho first boat the crows were plaood : Messrs. P. O'Brien (stroke), P. Wickham, E. Barry, E. Byrnes, 1 ; Messrs. H. E. Barry (stroke), J. Sheather, W. Wick ham, T. Carpenter, 2. The second was a byo for Messrs. A. Darly (stroke), J. Howisson, A. Barry, P. Weston, who wero thou defeated for tho final by O'Brien's orow. Tho annual general mooting of tho members of tho Brisbane Sailing Club waa hold at tho Imperial Hotel on the evoning of Octobor 6. Vico-commodoro Hon. E. B. Forrest, M.L.C., presided. Tho following officora wero olooted lor the ensuing soason : Patron, His Ex cellency tho Governor j president, Sir A. H. Palmor; vico-presidenta, Mesara. W. T. Blackonoy, D. R. Eden, H. P. Abbott, R. H. Lawson, W. C. Humo,. M. B. Gannon, H. G. Bourne, W. J. Morley, and Captain Hoath ; commodoro, Sir Thomas M'Hwraith, vice- commodore, Hon. E. B. Forrest ; hon. secretary, Mr. W. J. Weathorill ; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. G. Vidgon j committee, Messrs. R. P. Earle, W. F. Cameron, C. B. Lilley, E. M. Hart. G. Markwell, C. E. Bernays, and Whereat. After Bomo general business tho meeting closed. Tho following are tho names and weights of tho intercolonial eight-oared crew chosen by Mr. Good year: Messrs. T. M'Donnell (St. Ignatius R. C.), list 71 b (stroke) ; R. Brown, 12st 101b ; A. Fraser (B. R. C.), 12st71b; W. Mooro (S. R. C.), 14at; J. A. Reid (E. S. R. C.), 12st 101» ; W. C. Freeman (M. R. C.), 12st Gib ; J. Collina (B. R. C.), list 71b ; F. Sty oh (M. R. C.), Hat Gib ; C. Hoopgood (S. R. C.), 12at (emergency). Of courao everyone is not pleased at tho choice, and somo alterationa have boon suggoated ; but if weight will tell, they aro a good lot. A mooting of tho N.S. Waits Rowing Association was hold at tho Exchange on Tuesday ovoniug, Ootober 14, at which Mr. Brodie presidod. Mr. Stoelo waa olooted hon. seo. in tho plaoo of Mr. Crosswell, resigned. It was decidod that a new eight-oared boat should bo buiit by Donnelly. A special general mooting having been ordered to bo convened for Octobor 28, tho meeting closed. Tho following programmo has been decided npon by tho committee- of the Balmain annual regatta. Rowing Races : F a len fours, senior fours, junior fours, bona-fide amateurs (best and best boats), manual labor amateur fours, manual labor amateurs (double sculls), all-comors in light skiffs, manual labor amateurs in light ekiffs, colored boys in lit'hfc skiffs, Vernon boya, canoe raco (not exceeding 10ft.) Sailing Races : Canvas dingeys, 8ft and 10ft ; 12ft to 14ft wood or canvas dingeys ; 16ft dingoys, any crows ; half-dockers, 20ft, any crews ; half-deokere, 22ft and upwards ; open boats, 18ft to 24ft, limited crows ; bona-ftdo hired boats ; and yachts not exceeding 2J racing. Messrs. Goodair and J. W. Small havo been eieotod joint hon. socs., and aro dotorminod to do their level best to make tho regatta a success. Peter Kemp and James Stanbnry have returned from their Queensland tour, and speak in warm terms of tho hospitality shown them on all sides ; in fact, they, together with their other aquatic chuma, speak of being " killed with kindness." Both havo gono for a few quiet days on tho Hawkesbury, when Peter Komp will train Stanbnry for hia match with M'Lean over tho champion course on Novembor 17. 