WeBieyaRListrlotMeetlng. 'f: < South Queensland District; ,„q f " Thursday, Ootobbb 23. ' 1 . , " : Tho ministerial session of tho. meeting gave oarefnl 'attention ts tbo matter of candidates for tho ministry.' Mr. J. Doran baving preoobed a trial sermon beforo a sub-oommtttoe of tha distriot mooting, and passed an oral examina tion before the meeting ;aod having produced a sstisfaotorv certificate as retrards health, was cordially ana unanimously recommended to the ootning conference as a candidate for tho ministry. In tho oaso of Mr. M. S. French, the meeting deolinod tho offor of . tho oondiduto ' solely on the ground of ago. Upon reassembling after lunoh, several minor matters wero o neidered, and, in accordance with a timo-honoured custom, what are nailed the Liverpool Minutes and the Twelve Rules of a Helper wero road by tho Rev. H. Youngmun, secretary. Discussion onsued on various matters in conneotion with the spiritual work of the charoli. Rev. J. A. Nolan addressed tho meeting at lcngjh, oalling attoition to certain efforts oi iho Conimitteoof Privileges with rofcronco toobsocno literature. Ho also expressed tho hope that at h near timo in tho future tho ohurch would see its way clear to send out ono or more duly authorised agents as bash missionaries or oyangoliets for tho purpose of preaohiag, visiting, and selling good books in the scattered distriots. Tho great difficulty, however, arose from the want of f.uuds. Tho speakor referred very kindly to the wotk of Mr. James Graham, brother to Rev. O. W. Graham, of Bockhamp- ton, who had gono item Barcaldino to Oharlo- ville, and on down south to Bourke in New Scuth Wales, ontirely on his own account and at Mb o an expense. Revs. Winspcar, Brown, Pearson, and Wiles spobo on tbe general question. Rav. F. DuHsnuEY thought thero existed greBt need of oloser acquaintanoo with the Scripture on tho part of tho Sunday sobosl scholars, and thought this might ha brougat about by a progressive system of exiimiuitions on Scripture subjects. Thoro was also need for tho members uf many of the ohnrches to oxcr- oi-o a wider spirit of "Christian luv-i. Tho working of tho new law with respect to church membership was discussed. 8- vernl of the ministers said that the mon'bly meotiugs for fellowship hod been held in their circuits, and with good rifcultc. Rav. W. Clahxb addressed tho nucting at length, and said amongst other things that he hoped tho ministers of the ohurch wuuld not ho over- anxious bfoausn they could not do impos sibilities. If the church hud ampin moans, und the men for every opening, well and goad ; but as that wee not tbo oaso thoy must do what they aculd, leaving tho rest to the Hood of tho Church. Tbey muet remomber that God had expressed Himself ss satisfied witb David's willingness to build Him a house, but did not aer.cpt the deed. He would ever aocopt tho will, even wbeu tho docd could not bo per formed ; hut Ho would not ncoept tbo aocd without tho will. Reference having been mado to the work of supernumerary ministers, Mr. Olnrke thought that when tb'oea gentlemen wore not in a physical stato to work, tho ohurch ought not expcot them to engugo therein, bnt when thoy wero in a position to do ohurch work then thoy ought to, according to tboir opportunity hnd strength. Ho thonght that many teachers in the Sunday sohoal wore unfit fur thtir work, owing to their want of knuw- ledgo of tho Scripture. Ho had tried to accomplish something in this matter by 3sking tbo Klin day- school teachers to meet with trim na ti Biblo class. To this, however, there iml not bom aoy rospon»o. Ho thought alio thut tho ministers need not neces sarily preach often on holiness aa a special subject, inasmuch as they wero scro to touch upui ihosubjtot incidentally in nearly every sermon tbey preached, nnd tlitir livca must needs bo living epistles on thu doctrine. What tho wholo ohuioh wanted was a fuller outpouring of tlm Holy Spirit. It wus oft n paid by tho chnroh, "I behove in tho Holy Ghost, bnt ho feared that the materialistic tendencies of the ago were iufiucnuingcvcu the members of tho cliuroh, and that thoy did not always beliovo with their hoarts what their lips uttered. In tho monthly class meetings ho in tended to introduce Bible study, nod thought that matters of Christian work might be also dismissed in that mooting. Tho business was then temporarily con cluded to allow tho Book Committee to hold its iinnuri mrctiug. Rev. R Dyson, hook stoward, presented thn balance- sheet of tho oonoe'n, which showed that a ftiir amount of businesa had been dono dining tho year : and taking into account id! tha fuels of tho flood, strike, and other thiugs affecting trade, tho not results woro fairly satisfactory. Mr. Dyson intimated that bn w.uld need to be relieved from thu position of steward nt tbo end uf March, if not sooner. Tha meeting adopted tbo hidanco- sheet, and left tbo matter of Mr. Dyson's successor over fur fuluro consideration. Tbo mealing uf tbo ccrmr.lttco then iloocd to allow of tho resump- titn of representative business. Tho juurritl secretary proceeded to road tbo record oi the previous (fay's business. A telegram was lend from Rev. J. Bowes, secretary of tbe North Queensland District, now riltilig iu TowntviUv, couvuyisg fraternal greetings to tho meeting. On thn motion of Rov. .1. W. Winspkar, seconded by Rov. R, Dyson, tho nomination of book stoward wns loft in tbe bands of tho Book Ocmmitteo, to ho sont on to tho oonforenoo in duo course. connxxtonal committees. Rov. J. A. Nolan submittod tbe following uarcoR on tho various oommittocs as nomina tion e to tho Ocnfcrenoe, and they were up- proved by tho nucting : — Hcme Micsion Committee.— Messrs. W. H. Barnes, J. S. Berrott, G. I. Bourne, Hon. 1-'. T. Brentnall, T. Vir. Oaswtll, E. Chapman, J. Dufliold, R. Edwards, O Elotchor, W. Fryar, J. L. Fox, 0. H. Gurdnor, O. Hightiold, N. Lade, T. Lee, J. A. Lowia, J. M'tlill, W. M. Payne, Hon A. llutledgu,- with ail tho minis ters of thn dielriot. Boex Comnittbk. — Mceprs. G. H. M. Addi son, J. 8. Bennett, Hon F. T. Brentnall, E. Ctmpbdl, E. Chapman, R. Edwards, T. W. Reed, O. B. Hoi oner, C H. Gardner, W. H. Kriynaok, W. M. King, J. J Kingsbury, W. H. Knnwler, jun , J. A Lowis, M9. H. Payne, J Ward, W. Steele, and J. L. Fox. Foeeion Mission Committee.— Mossrs. G. H. M. Addison, W. W. Barnes, E. Bellamy, G. I. Bouinr, T. W. Caswell, 8. Demaok, — . Fnulhiuor, O. B. Fletnher, J. L. Fux. W. Fiynr, O. Higlifield, "W. H. Kolynaok, W. R Keener, J. J. King, W, H. Knowlcs, sen., N Lade, T. Lis, J Riolioy, J, Ward, and tho ministers of tho district. Rev. J. G. Martin, oenvener. Tho mooting adjourned till 3.30 on Friday (to-day). pnesnmxts Opficial Skumon. Rev. W. Olarku conducted divine Bervico last night in tho Albert street. Church, when u moderate congregation assembled. Most of the mluistrre and probationers nttondiug the district meeting were present. After tho introductory portion,, nf the ,'ervlco were performed, the rev. gcrtlriucn announced his text from Matthew, chapter xvl., vtrscs 13 to 16— "When Jeeus came into tbo coasts of Cream-en. Pinltppi lifl asked His disciplea saying, Whom do men any that I, the Son of mnn, am ? And thoy said, Some say that thou art Join tho Baptist, scmeElins, nud others Jcrcmtis, cr one of (bo prophnts. Ho enilh uu'.o tlum, Bnt wbora say yo that I am? and Simon Poier answered nnd said, Thou art tbo Christ, the son of tho living God." TLo preacher said without waiting to refer to the oircanistanoqs whioh led np to this converention between Christ and His disciples he would at onco remark that Christ here shows His recognition of the faot that Ho oan b; dis cussed by men. Ho understood and allowed tho rights of society. For 39 years Ho had been in seclusion, und as a private man did not coma within tho eccno of publio criticism ; hut now that Ho hod taken upon Hirnaelt the work of a pnhlio man, he fully recognised tbe right of society to dis cuss Him as Buch. That was ono of the inalienable) righto of sooioty toward' all publio men, and Christ did not shrink from tho ordaal. Tho better a uran is, the freer tho disonssion upon him, tbe better and greater ho appeared. Christ evidences His olaim to ho tho greatest of men in that very full disoussion of Him, and His wotk had called forth tho clearest proofs of the txcellcuoios ol that work aud obarautor. No one questions tbocxistenoe of snoh a person ,— riot tvrn such a man as Strauss. And Rciion, though ho had'triod to aocount for the: Rcfcufrcoilcn. yet accords to Ch'tist a ivtry high plaoe, in that ho calls Him "the incomparable' man." ' 'And Christ poisosaos' the power of iufluonolog thought to-day. Thb dumb boasts do not think and many. men aro yery little hotter than j those as regards tho extroise of thoir mental pawors on all bat snob things ss aro b-.dbuous ; and although many oi jhis olass may havo a stock of ideas oven on each topioe us religion, yet thoy could not bo said to be thinkers, for what thoy had in this respeot camolo them as foroo might oomo to a billiard ball— entirely from without. Bat Christ, bo- oause ho recognises man's right to think and discuss, also insists upon moa oxeroisiug this mental faculty ; and erpooially as it regarded Himself. Many ncoptics had put to shams in this respect tho conduct of many who oiaiihod to bo ChrlBtiuus, fortboy had very fully disaauod Jesus Christ ; and by so doing they had oon ferrcd lasting benefit upon Him and sooioty, for their olear and searching criticism of the Master bad helped to reveal the depths of His divine and Imuran nhuraotor. Tlio assistant in the observatory might not look thronch the in- s'rumente, hut still by hiB work of cleaning tho lvntes of tliceo instruments, ho enabled tho astronomer tbe better to do his work. Aud so had it been as regards tho work of scep tics. Ho would iilso remark that persons had formed an opinion of Jesus Christ. The power of privuto judgment being tho right oi mon, it must of course bo expected that men wonld uomo to .very different conclusions from ono another, even upon suoh a subjeot as Jesus Christ. And thiB had botn realised as a matt, r of fact. Mon cud women had various opinions concerning Christ. Tho Anglo- Saxon ruao was periaps in danger of limiting the privilege of private judgment to their own number ; hat all men had a claim in this. And wherover this existed it must produoo the same result. Popery oould not exorcise its rower whore tho people came to think for thomsclvos ; and as long as tho frerdom of tho Press lasted, so long would politioul corruption ho utmost impossible. And ho did not at all drpricaio the faot thut so many opinions existed even concerning Christ; for it wus tho inevitable in this iupcrfcot state that even in moral questions there must ho diversity of opinion with freedom of thought. Uniformity is quite impossible in a living world. Even in tho vegetable kiugdem there is n distinct in dividuality to every treo and leaf, and htneo it mult bo soin tho world of mini. Thoso who do not think may eoiuo to tbe same conclusion ss one nnuihtr, cr iiccept what another places btfnrc them ; but these arc sadly stunted in miul. He thought it a pity that tho leaders of tr.en to-day did not excrcisu themselves a little in thinking of Christ, for ii thoy did thero wculd he purer and more vigorous political life. Seme persons thought highly of Cbti-t, hut not highly enough. It was no compliment for Hitu to bo thought of as " one of tho prophets," nor yot as "John tho Baptist." 1 heEO men wero sent by God to preach uf Christ, _ u ud came confessing their sins, and John said "Ihuve need to bo baptised of Thee," bnt Jetus camo touching about Himself, and pro claiming that He did the will of God. He aame as the greatest of all, with great olaims, whioh He fiimly yot modestly pressed upon mon — oven at the tisli of bring put to death. He camo professing to bo u king, to Ect up a king dom, whioh waB to ho— not tonal nor at oil restricted, but universal. And how mar vellous w ero these olmms, comiug as they did, from ono who was not known us a scholar! Still there did not seom to bo any iua'-ngruity in such a thing ; but it sot-mod fitting that suoh cluinis should bo recognised as hid. Christ can not ho compared with any man without lowering him, fcr what is God's is bis ; the augt ls ate hi?,aud as such thoy worship him, which ti cy do not do to men. The noarcr men gee. io Christ Jerae, the morn highly tlisy think of him. This was proved by his diroiplss. They were most competent to uuswer iho question, htciiuto llity woro near him. il-.uy to day do not thiu)c t.3 much ol Christ es thoy occe did, because they were cot so near Hiin «»thoy onco wi re. Jho clhims of busintns and tho attr.ic- tivenrss of curlhi)' eumfuit i.ud earthly bouoar hue tn ued to v.-i an the mind und eo tho tu),rt firm Christ. Ii men would only got nearer io Ci.iLl tlioy would foo that on every liaud tlic-ie nro many tokens or tho power of Ohriat. In music, in art. in urohitecturo, there wore tokens of Christ's influence, as well us in thoso things which wero nr.ral. Christ was loved liy thou-anda to- dny, though ubcont and in visible. Meu there were who wonld|lay down thoir lives ftr Him, aB was often evidenced by the effers for dangerous positions in the misaion field. Many might toll thu Christians that they imoginod tho power of Christ ; but thsy were ns fully coTboic-us of His presence and His power as they were of the pr-sunce of tho sun in the sky. And after till ui.iy tho spiritually tuligblcmd could realne tin., d ime cbjuoteit tu bo Christians tccuufe IL-. e wm varieties of opinion concerning Christ ; but ';'.ir: was nboul fs irrational ss refuting to our luuuh until all the clocks in the city ttruok ifiu hour at ono timo. If a man did thnt it would tend to pi nve lie did not stand very much iu nobd of fcod. He urged all present to consider Christ's eltiiiTis upon tbcra. Tho meeting was conducted in the usual w»y. 