? TO THE EDITOR OF THB LILTDALB EXPRESS. Sis—I seldom notice correspondence published under the non de plume, " Waysider," ebullition upon his little book reminds as upon Theophrastes and sciences unknown to him in his day. Little did "Waysider" think' in posing himself upon your readers as a scientist and logician, that a moribund uneducated man would point so quickly to his folly and total incapacity of demonstrating that phrenology and physiognomy to be true and accepted sciences. Could any body of persons or even one per- j son foil to see the total evasion " Waysider" has chosen towards the philosopher and his bogus sciences ? Could any person fail to see, not the limned or painted calf, but in reality a true limping wandering one over the " W&ysider;'s" soft and dewy mazes. While seen deserting his bunkum, alias education, and resorting to poor Mr Paul's son, who was told the latter would be kicked off his premises by an irate ratepayer. For the purpose of demonstrating the capabilities of " Waysider" and those who make not only him a dupe but possibly many of your readers also, I have uot seen Mr Paul, the shire secretary, upon my premises at South Wandin, since he and Mr Morton came to value my land. I was then paying 6s rates; the result of the visit increased my rates to 9 shillings ; Mr Kidgell rating and result of appeal ISs lid so that the time must be fully seven years that I point to seeing Mr Paul upon my land. Some two years previous to this a youth came on the same place and inquired if Mr Collings lived here. " I am he," was my answer. He said his father, Mr Paul, told him to wait there for him. This youth I would not taketo be more than 13 years of age at that time. Now, Mr Editor, the professed educational gentleman, and his last insinuations contained in his ramblings published in last Wednesday's '* EXPRESS," here is matter for the " Waysider" to demonstrate his abilty to serve the truth. In his allusion to Cr Walker's action when that gentleman rose to defend Mr Paul and his son, and obtain a vote of confidence in both. By the way the astuteness and what obtained, emanating upon hearsay as compared with the impetuous councillor, let meshowyour readers some tangible evidence of this impetuosity by referring them to the " LILYDALE EX- PRESS" of February 26th, 1890, under the heading of " The late deputation re Suburban Area." There it will be seen manifested iinpetuousity to a degreo by Cr Walker upon that occasion, my deductions drawn from such are— 'Twas White not right, that stayed the fright, Cr Walker would have set on Speight, While King of Kings would have things straight, Bravo, bravo, says the "Apostle Mon," that's fuss-rate. In conclusion Mr Editor the soft impeachment, and what does Mr Collings mean, I accept as applicable to his ignorance of Shakespeare's comedies that I quoted and which served me so well to offer "Waysider" as a reminder of himself, in ny estimation, which proves to have frighteued him off his track irom meeting the philosopher's ghost with a little piece more ehalk. The next thing I expect to hear from " Waysider" will be his falling into a skid of pea soup, and so far as myself being a Londoner, I am as much a Londoner as *« Wayside" is the veritable man that lifted up the serpent in the wilderness. I don't care to be led into anything worse than pea soup, so now I leave " Waysider" to eat his soup in the fog. I am, &c.;, T. G. COLLIXGS. South Wandin, May 19th. 