Redcliffe. On Saturday, the Queen's Birthday, Red cliffe made its first attempt at getting up a public entertainment, and the effort was at- tended with great sucoess. Mr. Fass, of the Redcliffe Hotel, lent the room. The entertain ment, which was partly dramatic, and partly of the nature of a concert, was in aid of a fund towards building a School of Arts. Although about 150 persons attended, the monetary result was not good. In consequence of being unable to make a charge for admission, the organisers of the entertainment had to depend on a col- lection, and shared the usual fare of those de- pending on voluntary donations, for a large number orthose who availed themselves of the evening's amusement, failed to see the neces- sity of putting anything into the plate. The first part of the proceedings was a Christy Minstrel entertainment, which seemed to give entire satisfaction to the audience, if one may judge by the shouts of applause which rewarded the witticisms of the performers. Mr. Donovan's song, " The Irish Gentleman," was the best song of the evening. A capital performance of marionettes was also given by by J. Culver. The little figures were manipu- lated with great skill, and the applause was hearty and prolonged; the children, of whom there was a goodly number, being especially delighted with the mimic men and women. The excellence of the hornpipe danced by the sailor marionette could hardly have been surpassed, and the skeleton who danced in his bones was admirable. A short comedy, written by a local celebrity, entitled "The 4 o'Clock Train from Redcliffe," acted by Mr. Fass, Mr. Culver, and W. Walsh, completely brought down the house. The unhappy traveller who had missed the 4 o'clock train was compelled to remain at Redcliffe for the night, as the commissioners had not seen fit to give Redcliffe a train after that hour. The hotel at which he put up was haunted, and the apparition of the enor- mous ghost, while-sheeted, on whose ebony faces lighted candle held in dangerous prox- imity shed a lurid light, so completely over came his nerves that he fell with a crash which he must have felt in every nerve of his body, and lay "very" dead upon tho stage as the curtain fell amid rounds of applause. This brought the entertainment to a close, and a large proportion of the audience dispersed; but a few light hearted and light-footed individuals of both sexes remained and cleared the room for a dance, which was kept up till nearly mid- night. Altogether the affair was very success- ful, and brought many people together to spend a sociable and agreeable evening. 