flu GooimgIlUSMi . » — - rftj HUDTABD Kkpixso, IN 44 MAriMrLLJLN'fl MA.GA.2aNK.') ; 0ver out heada burned the wonderful Indian ' gtar?, which, are not all pricked in one plane, hat preserving1 an orderly perspective, draw the eye through the relvet darkness of the toid up to the barred doors of heaven itself. Jhe earth was a grey shadow more unreal Hhaa the sky. We could hear her breathing lightly in the pauses between the howling of $he jackals, the movement of the wind in the < ntfirisks, and the fitful mutter of musketry- fiie leagues away to the left. A native TOjman from some unseen hufcbegan to sing, the mail -train thundered past on its way to1 Delhi, and a roosting crow cawed drowsily. gfren there was a belt- loosening ©flenee ahovife the fires, and the even breathing ef -the crowded earth took up the story. £he men, full fed, turned to tobacco and song—their officers with them. I drifted across to the men's fires in search of Mulvaney, whom I found strategically creasing' his feet by the blaze. "The army of the South is winning all along the line, I said. "Then that line's the. hangman's rope, flavin' your presence. You'll leam to-morrow - hew we reflirea ted to dhraw thim-on beforeawe jaade tliim trouble, an that's what a woman does. By the same tokin, we'll be attacked before the dawin', an' ut would be befcther not ts slip your boots. How do I know that? By the iiglit ar pure reason. Hero are three companies av us ever so far inside HY the enemy's flank, an a orowd av i roarin', farm', squealing cavalry gone on just to turn out the whole hornet's nest av them. Av course, the enemy will pursue, by brigades like as not, an? thin we'll h:i ve to run for ut. Mark my vrords. I am n v the opinion of Polonius whin he said : Don't fight wid ivry scutt for the pure joy ay fightin.', but if you do, knock the nose av jum first and frequiut.' We ought to ha' gono on an helped the Ghoorkhas." " Put what do you know about Polo- stuis V" I demanded. This was a new side of Mulvaney'8 character. " All that Shakespeare iver wrote an a dale mors that the gallery shouted," said the man of war, carefully lacing his boots. Did I not tell you av Silver's theatre in Dublin, whin I was younger than I am 110 w an' a pajtron av the drama P Onld Silver wud never pay actor -man or woman their just- duo, aa' by oonsequince his comp'nies was collapsible at the last minut'. Thin the bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an oft as not ould Silver made them pay for the fun. Faith, I've seen Haxnlut played wid ft new black eye, an' the queen as full as a cornucopia. I remimber vranst Hogin tliat 'listed in the Black Tyrone an' was shot in South Africa, he tejuced ould Silver into givin' him Hamlut's pari instil av me that had a fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I wiut into tho gallery an' began to fill tho pit wid other peoples' hats, an' I passed the time av day to Ho gin' Avalkin through Denmark like 1 a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his baok. 4 Iiamiut/ sez I, c there's a hole in your heel. Pull up your shtookins, Hamlut/ sez I. Hamlut, Hamlut, for the love av decincy dhrop that skull an' pull up your slitockins.' The whole hoaBe begun to tell him that. He stepped his soliloquishms mid-between. 4 My shtookins may be comin' down or they may not, ' sez lie, screwin his eye into the gallery, for well ho knew who I was. 4 But afther1 this performince is over me an' the ghogt'll knock tho head off av you, Terence, wid your css's bray l' An' that s how I come to know « about Hamlut. Eyah ! Those days, those day? Did you iver have onendm devil- fniat an nothin to pay for it in your life, aorrr" " Never, without having to pay," I said. " That's throe ! "Eis name when you con- sidher on ut ; but ut's the same wid horse or fut. A headache if you rHmnfr, an a belly- -ache if yon eat too muoh, an a heartache to ka)6 ali down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' he's the lucky man." "Lie down and go to sleep," said I, not being able to comfort or advise. "You're the best man in tho regiment, and, next to Ortboris. the biggest fool. Lie down and wait till we're attacked. What force will ther turn out? -Guns, think you ? " ' ' Try that wid your lorrds au' Indies, twist in' and turnui' the talk, though you tnint ut wch. Ye cud say nothin to help me, and yet ye niver knew what cause I -had to be what I am." " Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said royally. 44 But rake up the fire a bit first." ' Did E irer tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av tnina f ,r I dissembled a burning anxiety that X had felt for some months — ever since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the in finitely tender, had of her own good love and free will washed a shirt for mo moving in a barren land where washing was not. "I can't remember," I said casually. Was it before or after you made love to Annie Bragin, and got no satisfac tion ?" The stoLy of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many less respectable episodes in Mulvaney's chequered career, " Before — before — long before, was that business av Annie Bragin an the corp'ril's ghost. Niver woman was the worse for me whin I married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to kape all things in. place— bairin' the dhrink, that kapes me la my place wid no hope ar coming to be aught else." i 4t Begin at the beginning," I insisted, i Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you married her when you were quartoredin Krab Bokbar 1 barracks." " An' the same is a cess-pit," said Mul- v&Liev;, piously. "She spoke thrue did. Dinah. Twas this way. Talkin av that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr?" I preserved the silence of the damned. ! Mulvaney continued — "Thin I will assume that ye have &ot.; / ilid. In the days av my youth, as I : have more than onoe wansfc tould you, I was a man that tilled the eye an' delighted the ftowl av woman. Niver man was hated as -I svo bin. Niver man was loved as I— no, S? a day's march <av ut I For i Ui© first $v© years w ny erv«% whin w< \ wud giv© my sowl to he flow,Ituk whatever was within my reach! digested ufc — Ha that's mora than most men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an ut did me ! no harm, ny toe hollow av Hiven, I cud playwid four women at wanst, an kape them from findin' out anythin' about too other three, an smile like a full-bloWn mari gold through ut all. Dick Ooulhan, ar the battery we'll have down on us to- night, could drive his team no better than I mine, an I hild toe worser cattle ? An' so I lived, an so l was happy till afther that business wid Annie Bragin — too that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an taught me where - £ stud in toe mind &r; an honest woman. Twas no sweet dos© to swallow. " Afther that X ©iokened awhile an tuk toought fco my reg'mentai work ; con ceiting mesilf I wud study an be a sargint an' a major-graeral twenty minutes afther that. But on top av my ambitiousness there was an empty place in tny sow!, an me own opinion av mesilf cud not fill ut. Sez I to mesilf ; Terence, you're a great man an the best set-up in too reg'mint. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf to me, 'What for?' Sez. I to mesilf : For the glory av ut ! Sez mesilf fco me, 4 Will that fill these two strong , arrams av yours, Terence?' Go to the devil, eez I to mesilf. Go to the married lines, sez mesilf to me. 4 'Tis the same thing,' sez I to mesilf. 4 Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me, 'an' wid that I considhered oa ut a long while. Did you iver feel that way, sorr ?' I snored gentLy, knowing that if Mulvaney were uninterrupted he would go on. The clamour from tne bivouac fires beat up to the stars, as the rival singers of the companies were pitted against each other. "So I felt that way an' a bad time ut was. Wansfc, being a fool, I winfc into the married lines more for the sake av snaking' to our onld eolour-serginfc Shadd than for any thruck wid women folk. I was a corp'ril then — rejuced af therwards, but a corp'ril then. I've got a photograft av mesilf to prove ut. 4 You'll take a cup av fcay wid us r ' sez Shadd. I will that, I sez, tho' tay is not my diversion. ' " Twud be better for you if ut were, eez ould Mother Shadd, an she had ought know, VUCVVaU | ill Lliv IUU wt It I O Ov t Avvj UULtLLliX bung-full each night. "Wid that I tuk of my gloves — there's was pipe-clay in thim, so that they stud alone — an' pulled up my chair lookin' round at the china ornamints an bits av things in the Shadds' quarters. They were things that belonged to a man, an' no camp-kit, here to-day an' dishipated next. You're comfortable in this place, eergint,' says I. 'Tis the wife that did ut, boy,' sez he, pointin the stem av his pipe to ould Mother Shadd, an she smacked the top av his bald head apon the compliment. 4 That manes you want money, sez she. " An' thin— an' thin whin the kettle was to be filled, Dinah came in — my Dinah— her sleeves rowled up to the elbow, an her hair in a winkin' glory over her forehead, the big blue eyes beneath twinklin like stars on a frosty night, an' toe tread av her two feet lighter than waste-paper from the colonel's basket in ordly-room whin ut's emptied. ; Bein' but a shlip av a girl she went pink at ; seein' me, an' Jt twisted me moustache an' looked at a picture forninst the wall. Niver show a woman that ye care toe snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bieatin1 to your boot-heels." t( I suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till everybody in toe married quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing, and casting off toe disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory avthe attack," said Mulvaney, driving his boot into the dying fire. 44 If you read the Soldier's Pocket Book,' which niver any soldier reads, youH see that there are excep tions. Whin Dinah was out av the door (an 'twas as too' the sunlight had shut too) — 4 Mother av Hiven, serginfc/ aays I, 4 but Is that your daughter?' 4 Ive believed that way these eighteen years,' says. ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin' ; but Mrs. Shadd has her own opinion like iv'ry woman.' Tis wid yours this time, for a meriele, sez Mother Shadd, 4 Thin why In the name av fortune did I nlvcr see her before?' sez I. 4 Bekaze you' vo been thrapesin' round wid toe married women these three years past. She was a bit ar a child till last year, an she 6hot up wid the snrimr. sez ould Mother Shadd. Til thrapese no more,' says L 4 D'you mane that F sez onld Mother Shadd, lookin' at me sideways, like a hen looks at a hawk whin the chickens are runnin' free. 4 Try me, an tell, sez I. Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the tea, an went out av the house as stiff as at gin'ral p'rade, for well I knew that Dinah 6hadd« eyes were in the small av my back out av the scullery window. Faith ! that was toe only time- 1 mourned I was not a c&vTiy; man for toe pride av toe spurs to jingle. 44 1 winfc out to think an' I did a powerful lot av thinkin', hut ut all eame round to that flhlip ay a girl in the dotted blue dhress, wid toe blue eyes an the sparkil in them. Thin I kept off canteen, an' X kept to the married quartoers or near by on toe chanst av meetin Dinah. Did I meet her? Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lamp In my throat as big as my valise an' my heart goin' like a farrier's forge on a Saturday morning!' Twas 4 Good day to ye, Miss Dinah, an' 4 Good day fc' yon, corp'ril/ for a wedc or two, and divil a bit further could X . get bekaze ar toe respect I had to that girl that I cud ha broken befcune finger an' ! thumb. Her© I giggled as I recalled toe gigantic figure pf Dinah Shadd when to© handed me my shirt. "Ye may laugh," granted Mulvaney. « But I'm speakin' the trafc', an' 'tis yon that are in fault.- Dinah was a girl that wid ha taken the imperiousneis out av toe Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Blower- \ hand, foot av shod air, an' toe eyes av toe , livin' morniu she had. That is - my wife to-day — onld Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. 44 'Twas after three weeks standin off an ; on, an' niver makin headway exoipfc through the ©yes, that a little drummer- boy grinned in me face whin I had admonished him wid , \+ the buckle av my belt for riotin all over the place. 4 An I'm not the only wan that doesn't kape to barricks,' eez he. I tuk him by the scruff av hi neck, — my heart was hung on a hair-torigger those days, you willonderstand — an 4 Out wid ut,' sez 1 4 or I'll leave no bone av you unbreak able., 'Speak to Dempsey/ sez he howlia. 4Dempsy which?' sez I, 4 Ye unwashed limb av Satan.' 4 Av the Bob-tailed Dhra- goous/ eez he. 4 He's seen her home from her aunt's house in toe civil lines four times this fortnight.' 4 Child I sez I, dhropping him, 4 your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dhressed you down. 44 At that I went four ways to wanst huntin Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shud ha' been chated by a basin -faced fool av a cav'lry- man not fit to trust on a trunk. Presingly I found him in our lines — the Bobtails was quartered next us — an a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she-mule he was wid his big brass 1 spurs an' his plastrons on his ejrfg&strons; an' all. But he never flinched a hair. 4 4 4 A word wid you, Dempsey/ sez I. 4 You've walked wid Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' 44 4 What's that to you?' sez he. 4 I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye shovel-futted clod-breakia infantry lance-corp'ril.' 44 Before I cud gyard he had his gloved fist home on my cheek, an down I went full sprawl. 4 Will that content you?' sez he, blowin' on his knuckles for all toe world like a Scots Greys orf'cer. 4 Content 1 sez I. For your own sake, man, take off your spurs, peel your jackut an' onglove. Tis, toe begmnin av the overture ; 6tand up ! "He stud all he know, but he niver peeled his jacket an his shoulders had no fair play. X was flghtin' for Dinah Shadd an' that cut on my cheek. What hope had he forninst me? 'Stand up/sea I, time an' again whin he was beginoln' to quarter toe ground an' gyard high an' go large. 4 This isat ridin'-sohool/ I sez. 4 O, man stand up an let me get in at yB 1 But when I saw he wud be ruunin about, I grup his fiMnnk In mr kfh fin Ma wawfc.lwH. in mv right an' swung him clear to my rightffronfc, head undher, he hammerin' my nose till the wind was knocked out av him on toe bare ground. 4 Stand up/ sez I, 'or I'll kick your head, into your cheat I and I wud ha' done nt too, so ragin' mad X was. 44 'My collar-bone's brak/ eez he. 4 HeljJ me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no mors.; So I hdped him back." 4 And was his collar-bone broken?" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. 44 He pitched on his left shoulder-point. Tit was. Next day the news was in both barricks, an whin I met Dinah Shadd wid a cheek on me like all the regminfcal tailor's samples, there was no 'Good mornin', corjrrfl/ or aught else. 'An what have I done. Miss Shadd,' sez I, verybould, plantin? mesilf forninst her, 4 that ye should net pass the time of dav?" 44 4 Ye've half -killed rough-rider Dempsey,' sez toe, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. 11 4 May be,' sez L ' Was he a friend at yourstoat saw ye home four times in the fortnight? "Yes, see she, but her mouth was down at toe- corners. ' An' — an' what's that to you? 1 _to® B0Z 44 4 Ask Dempsey/ sez I, purtendin' to go awav. 44 4 Did you fight for me then,, ye silly man 1 she sez, too' toe knew to all along. 44 4 Who else ? aez I, an I tuk won paoe to toe front. " ' I wasn't worth ut, sez too, fingerin in her apron. 44 4 That's for me to say/ sez I. c Shall I say ut? 41 4 Yes/ sez she in a saint's whisper, an at that £ explained mesilf ; and toe tould me what ivry man that is a man, an many that in a woman, hears wanst in his tifo " 4 But what made ye cry at 6 tax tin', Dinah darlin ? ' seal. 44 4 Your — your bloody cheek/ sez she, duckiu her little head down on my sash (I was on duty for the day) an whimperin' like a sorrowful angIL 44 Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an my first kiss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on toe tip av the nose an' undher toe eye ; an a girl that lets a kiss come tumble- ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note av that, sorr. Thin winfc haad- in-hand to ould Mother Shadd like two little ohildher, an she said 'twas no bad thing, an ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran away to her room. That day I torod on rollin.' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I oud ha' hiked the sun out av toe sky for a live coal to mv pipe, so magnificent I was. But I tuk recruities at squad -drill instid, an began wid general battalion advance when I shad ha been balance-steppin them. Eyah I that day i that day !" A very long pause. "Well?" said I. 44 'Twas all wrong," said Mulvaney, with an enormous sigh. 44 An' I know that ev'ry bit av nt was my own foolishness. That night I tuk maybe the half av three pints — not enough to turn the hair of a man in his natural senses. But I was more than half drunk wid pure, joy, an' that canteen beer was so much whisky to me. I oan't tell how it oame about, but bekaz I had no thought for anywau exoept Dinah, bekase I hadn't slipped her Httle white arms from my neck five minnts, bekase the breath, of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, £ must go through the married fines on my way to quarters, an I must stay talking to a red headed. Mullingar heifer av a girl, Xudy Sheehy, that wad daughter to Mother Sheehy toe wife of Nick Shetoy. toe canteen-sergint — the black curse av Shieiygh be on the whole brood that are above grout/ this day ! An what are ye houldin' your head that high for, corp'ril?' eez Judy. 'Come in an thry a cap av tay,' toe sez, standin' in the doorway. Bein an ontrustable fool, on1 ftilnVrn' av Anvflitntf "Kit 4 £ajt T vrln t — V V"M'0 44 Mother's at canteen, sez Judy, smootoin' the' hair av hers tost was like red snakes, an' looking at me oornerways out av her green cats' eyes. Ye will not mind, corp'ril!" 44 4 j can endure,' sez I; ould Mother Shetoy bein' no divamhm av mine, nor her daughter too. Judy fetched toe tea things an put thim on toe table leanin' over me very dose to get them equate. I dhrew back thinkin av Dinah. 44 4 Is ut afraid you are av a girl alone ? Bez Judy, ' 44 4 No/sezX. 4 Why should I be ? 44 4 That rests wid toe girl, 662 Judy, dhrawin' her ohair next to mine. 14 4 Thin there let ut rest,' sez X; an thinkin' I'd beena trifle onpolite, X sez, 'The tay's not quite sweet enough for my taste. Fut your little finger in toe cup, Judy. 'Twill make ut necthar.' 44 4 What's heethar ?' sez toe. 44 4 Somethin veiy sweet/ sez I ; an' for the sinful file avshel cotfid not help lookin? at her out av the comer .av .my eye, as I waS used to look at a woman. " 1 Go on wid ye, corp'ril, sez toe. You'rb affirrt/ 41 On me sowl Fm not,' sdz I. 44 4 Then you're a cruel, handsome m an, an that's worse/ sea toe hearing big righs an' lookin' crossways. 44 4 You know your own mind/ sez I. 44 4 'Ttfud be ttetter for me if I did not/ Bez toe. 41 4 There's a dale to be said on both sideB av that, ' sez I, untoinkin. 44 4 Say jroux4 own part av nt, then, Ter- ranoe, darlin'/ sez toe; 4for begad Fm thinkm I've said too muoh or too little for an honest girl,' an' wid that she put her arms ' round myneok an kissed me; 44 4 There's no more to be said afther that/ sez I, 44 Idsrin' her hack again — Gh the naane' scutt that I wUa, my head ringin' wid Dinah Shadd ! How does ufc about, sorr, that when a man has put the cometoer on wan woman, he's sure bound to put it on another? 'Tis the same thing at musketry. Wan day ivry shot goes wide or Into the bank, an' the next, lay high lay low, sight or snap, ye can't get off the bullseye for ten toots runnin." 44 That only happens to a man who has had a good deal of experience. He does it without thinking," I replied. "Thankm' you for toe complimint, sorr, ut may be so. But L'm doubtin whethto you mint ut for a complimint. Hear now ; I sat there wid Judy on my knee fcellin' me all manner &v; nonsinse an' only savin' 4 yea an' 4 no/ when Fd much better ha kept tongue befcune teeth. An that was not an hour afther I had left Dinah ( What I was thinking' av I cannot ©ay. Presintly, quiet as a cat, onld Mother Sheehy came in velvet- dhronk. ' She had her daughter's red hair, hut 'twas bald in patches, an' I oud see in her wicked ould face, clear as lighfcam', what Judy wud be twenty years to come. I was for jumpin' up, but Judy niver moved. 44 4 Terence has promust, mother,' sez toe, an' toe could sweat bruk out all over me; Ould Mother Sheehy sat down of a heap aa began playin wid toe cups. 4 Thin you're a well-matched pair,' . toe sez very thick. 4 For he's toe biggest rogue that iver spoiled toe queen's tooa-leather/ an'— 44 4 Fm off, J udy/ sez I. ' Ye should not talk nonsinse to your mother. Get her to bed, girl.' " 4 Nonsinse !' sez toe ould woman, prick&a; up her ears like a cat an' grippin' too tabie- edge. 1 'Twill be the mast nonsmsieal non sinse for you, ye grinnin badger, if nonsinse - 'tis. Git clear, yen. Fm gout' to bed. "I ran out into to© dhatk, my head in « stew an my head sick; but I had sktse enough to see that I'd brought Hi all on mysEf. 4 It's this to pass the time a© daw to a pa&jandhrum; av hell-cafe, sez I. What Fve sold, aa what Fve not said do not matther. Judy an' her dam wfil \- hould me for a promasfc man, mi Pfnftt will oiva ntA tfiA on. n.v X maha nt. ; I will go an' get dhrank/ sez I, 4 an' forget about at, for 'tis plain I'm not a znarrin' man 4 On my way to the canteea I ran against Lascelles, colour- sergeant that was av E. oomp'-ny — a hard, hard man, wid a torment av a wife. f You've toe head av a drowned man on your shoulders/ sez he ; 4 an you're goin whete youTI get a worse wan. Gome back, sez he. ' Let me go/ sea I, 4I ve thrown my luck over the wall wid. my own hand " 'Then that's not toe "way to get nt back again/ sez he. 4 Have out wid your threubla, y© fool-bhoy.' Aft X to aid hhn how toe matther Was. 44 He euoked in his lower lip. 4 Yonvo been fchrapped,' sez he. 4 Ja Sheehy wnd be the bettoer for a manansme to hers as sMn as ©an. An' ye toought ye'd put the cometoer on her—that's t&euatural; vanity of the bast© Terence, y©ur a big bom fool, but you're not bad enough to marry into that oomp'ny. If yon said anythin, an for in your pretestatio I'm. sure ye did— or did not whioh fowtose-tok nt oil— be like toe ; fotbet of all lh», bnfc com« ent av ut fmc av Judy. Do I not know what nt is to tonnyr a Woman thatwas the very spit an badge av J&dy; when she was youngr Fm gefctia' old an "Ive foifc natfenics, bat y6m. Tereoee, you'd raise hand on Judy an' MB tear for a year. Never miad ff Dinah gives yon the go, you've deserved ni; nevor mmd if to© whole reg'mint laughs you aft day . Gbfc shut av Judy an hear mother. They can't dhrag you to ehurto' ; but if they do, toey'll dhfog yon to hell. Gc back to your quarters and fie down, ' sez he. Then over Mb should© 4 Youmustha'donewrito toim.' 41 Next day f went fo toe Dinah; bafctofer was no tucker in me- to1 X wiJkri. F tetow toe threuble wud com© too© enougii Wlibat i ai&y; handltn' ftv mine, an lAreaded u stoe. «« r I heard Judy oallin' foe ; but I fiSld Straight off to the Bhadds quartoers. aa\ butjl put her eez I, 'yon caniii " nfet tho' I misdoubte ' . |r" 4 Jj. bad to put tbe explama tion td sheAbefort udy an' her mother | BRmelto dhqr. think there wafij '4 rand1but'ingettm' . j - if ul jtJ UUu eltjU ILi i CUA juuiaiij pretty and polite, though the Shadds bad no lealin's wftlF-toe Old Mother j Sfcadd looked she wah the fust ; So Bee the tbrouble, for t Dinah was her laughter. 44 4 I'm pressed for tame to-day sez Judy? m 'bold as brass ; 4 an' I've oidy come for Eerrence-rBiy proniust man. 'Tis strange to jSnd Mm hretbe day gfthea' the day.?. _ . y Dinhh looked at meajs though l bad hit Lot, a' J i ; -1 I I . '4 i lhOTe was jnis «oiMnce tiist drht at ; Ihe Sheehys' (piartfidrs, Judy's carfyin?- in the joke, darlin', ' sez I. 4 At -the Sheehys1- qnapthere ?' eez Dinah ery slow, an' Judy cut in wid : 4 He was bhere fro'xn "xiine Dinah Shadd, an' bhe betther half of tliat time I was sittin' on Ms knee, Dinah Sliadd. Y may look and ye nay look an' ye imrirbimr me up an' down, but ye won't look aVay 'thkt Terence is my proniust man. Terence, da din', 'tis time for is to beeomiri' home.' . I 44 Diuali Shadd niver said word to Judy. 4 Ye left me at half-past eight.' she sez to me, 4 an' I niver thoughfr"fchat ye'd leave me for Judy, .promises or no promises. Go back wid ber, you - that hav«-4o be fetched by a girl ! I'm done with you,' sez she, and she iran iiitoKer own room,dier mother folio win' . Bo I'was alone wid those two women, and at liberty to spake my sentiments. ' C 44 4 Judy Sheehy, spz I, 4 if you made a "ool av .me betune the lights you shall not do it in the day. I niver promised you words »r lines.' 44 4 YoU lie, sez otild Mother Sheehy, m' may ut choke you where you laud!' She was far gone in dhrink. 44 4 An' tho' ut choked me where I stud I'd not change,' sez I. 4 Go home, Judy. I bake shame for a decent girl like you dhrag- gin' your mother out bare- headed on this -irrand. Hear now, and have ut for an answer. I gave my word to Dinah Shadd yesterday, an,' more blame to me, X was wid you last, niglit talkiii' honeinse, but nothm more. You've chosen to thry to bould me on "ut. I will not be held thereby for anythin' in the world. Is that enough I ' 44 Judy wint pink all over. 4 An' I wish you joy av. the perjury,' sez she, duckin' a curtsey. 4 You've lost a woman that would ha' wore her hand to the hone for your pleasure : an' 'deed, Terence, ye were not thra pped. . .' Lascelles must ha' spoken plain to her. 4 1 am such as Dinah is — 'deed I am ! Ye've lost a fool av a girl that'll nivir look at you again, an' ye've lost what ye nivir had — your common honesty. If you manage your men as you manage your love-makin' small wondher they call you the worst corp'ril in the comp'nv. Come away, mother,' sez she. 44 But divil a fut would the onld woman budge! 4D'you hould by" that?' sez she, peerin' up under her thick eyebrows. 44 4 Ay, an' wud,' sez I, 4 tho' Dinah give J me the go twinty rimes. I'll have no thruck with you or yours,' . sez I. 4 Take your child away, ye shameless woman.' 4 4 4 An' am I shameless r' sez she, bringin' her hands up above her head. 4 Thin what are you, ye lyin', schamin, weak-kneed, dhirty- souled son av a sutler ? Am I shame less? Who put tho open shame on me an' . my child that we shud go beggin' through the lines in the broad daylight for the broken word of a man ? . Double portion of my shame be on -yon, Terence Mulvaney, that think \- yourself so strong ! By Mary and the saints, by blood an dr water 40?;, by ivry sorrow that ;came into the. world since the beginnin',.the black blight fall on you and yours, so that you may niver be free from pain for another when ut's not your own ! . .May your heart bleed in your breast drop by drop wid all your friends laughiti' at the bleedin' ! Strong "yon think yoinself ? . May your strength be a curse to you todhrive you into the divil's hands against your own will ! Olear-eyed you are ? \\- May yohr eyes see clear evry step av the dark path you talfe 'till the- hot cindhers av hell put tkim out ! ' May the ragih' dry thirst 'in "my 'own ould bdnes! go to you that you "shall niver pasis bottle fiill nor glass emp\y Gk)d preserve tbe light avyour onderstandin' to me, you jewel av a bhoy, that ye may niver forget what you \- mint to be an' do,- when you're wallowin in the muck! May ye see the betther and follow the worse as -long as there's breath in your body an' may ye die quick in a strange land, watciim' your death before lit takes you, an' "onable to stir band or foot !' il I beard a scufBin' in the room behind, and then Dinah Shadd's hand dhropped into mine like a rosdeaf into u," muddy road. i 44 4 The half av that I'll take,' sez she, 4 an' ' more too if I, can. ? Go home, ye silly talkin' womanAr-gb home an' confess.' 44 4-Come away ! Come away !' sez Judy, pullin' her mother by the JsnawL 4 'Twas none av Terence's faults For the love av Mary, stop the talkiii' F' 44 4. An', you !' said Ould Mother Sheehy, spinnin' round forninst Dinah. 44 "Wall ye take the half at that man'srload 1 Stand off from him, Dinah Shadd; before he takes you down too — you that look to ,be a quarther-master- Bergeant's wife infiye years. . You look too high, bhild,; You sbaR; waah f or th<quarther- master-sergeant, whjn hoplases to .-gjve you . 0ie job out av; charity ; but a wife y you dijall-.be to the a cv privit's wife you shall know, arid jdvet . a " 1y "WUUj that shall go from you like J the running tide from a rock. The pain . av beariii' ,you fshall know hnt niver .the , . pleasure aV giving r the . breast ; " ah' : you . shall pat away a man-child into rile common 'ground wid never a priest to say a prayer over Mm, an' on that maHn-child ye shall .Ijiink iuy d&y; av your dife. 'Thiuk long, Dinah hadd, for you'll niver have another tho' ybia j pray till yonr -knees are bleedih. The mothers av Wilder shall mock you behind your back when you're wringing over ; £he washftub. You shall know: what ut is to \- help a dbiTj-nkcn husband borne 'an .see him t gtoriiegyani-rotmi. Will that.plase you, #3Bflnnh Shadd, tiiat won't be seen talkin' to myaughter P You shall talk to worse than ulybefore all's ovef . - The serlut'e wife shall .look- -doim- - oa you: contemptuous, daughter av a serint, an' you shall cover ut ail up wid a smiliiig face whiii your heart's Mrstih'. Stand mf ay i%uah I've put the fp)la(curse uely|k c|K)n him ajY hifl |iwut|kpl imake pitched jjwai Igaai foaminLat fiie mouihrTDiimliiadd ran voiit wid water.; an' : Judy dragged the ould WGnian into the verandah till she sat bM an"fbrlor£; she "sez, lmTKin ' atf cCTin\ 'and 'tis like I say a dale more than I mane.' - 'v i ; ? FWIiSn abWto -fjrelk—gi! skys ould Mother Shdd. 7 This house has no place for the. likes avyou that have cursed 3ie ofilds wbman. J4Hard words break fib bqnbs,i3ai Biiffihvbadd '11 kape the love av KerhrbbaTid iilluoy bones aregreen comJJiifly dariin',1 ihiremem.- ber what I. came here" for. Dan you lend us the bottom ay a tayeup av tay. Aire, .liadd r' 44 Dut Judy dragged her off crvin' "as thb' her heart wild break. An' Dinah Shadd an' I, in ten minutes we hadforgot ut all." 44 Then why do you remember it now?" sa id I. 44 Is ut like I'd forget? Ivry word that wicked,- ould woman spoke fell thrue in my life aftherwards, an' I cud ha' stud ut all-stud ut all — excipt when my little Shad. was" bom, . That was on the line ay march three moiitlis afther the"regiment waken with ;iolera. | We were betuhe -.Hnil3M ,an7 ICalka, Jhin, an1 T wasnn mekefc Wliin I came off duty \- ttl-jwppifin child, , an' ut turned on uts side an died as I looked. We buried liirn by the . road, au' Father "Victor was a. days march behind .wid the heavy, baggage, so the:. comp'r captain read a prayer. An' smoelhenWve beep a .childless man an' all else that ould Mother Sheehy put upon me an Dinah Shadd. What do you think, sorr?' I thought a good deal, but it seemed better then to reach out for Mulvaney's hand. The demonstration nearly cost me the use of three fingers. Whatever he knows of his weaknesses, Mulvaney is entirely ignorant of his strength. 7 - 