WIS IT A SHOST. A DOCTOR'S STORY. I badbeOTME form great "haile, and had fancied that I was needed in some extremely rritiwtl case, for the hour was nine in the even- inn and the night a stormy one. What, then, was my surprise, when I had been ushered ipto a handsome parlour in one of the best hotels, to find, sitting in a large aim- chair, attd with ho appearance of ill-health about her, a very beautiful woman whom I knew to be an actress of position, and had often admired upon the stage; - . She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Her maid, a Spanish-looking woman with a beautiful olive skin", remained standing near the window. 4 You look surprised, doctor,' the lady began, motioning me to a seat. 4 You will be more so before you leave me. I am not ill audi can see thatyou know that at a glance.' You certainly are looking well, madam, said I. 4 1 am feeling well,' said she. 1 The Question that Idesira to ask you, as-a man who has made the brain in some degree, a speciality, is— Am I mad ? You need not mind my maid ; she speaks no English. I want you to give me your opinion. Do you think hie insane ?' 4 That is a very difficult question, madam,' said I. 4 A doubt of your rationality would never have occurred to me. Besides, insane people seldom, guess their condition. However, i : yonmust have some reason for asking the question V " 4 A very grave one,' she answered. 4 Either I am out of my mind or there are such things as ghosts.' - ! 4 There are optical illusions also, madam, said I. ' But illusions of the senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once — would that not he madness?' asked she. 4 Not if you were aware they were illusions,' I answered. 4 But they seem real to me,' said the lady — 4 oh, so real ! I suppose you read the stories about me in the papers? You have heard of the man who killed himself for love of me !' 4 The Frenchman ?' I a3ked. 4 To tell the truth I have read of it.' 4 They said I was cruel to him,' said the lady , growing somewhat excited. 4 1 was not. I was kind at first ; but he dogged my footsteps and threatened my life. Not at first, of course, but after I had accorded him an interview, and refused him as gently as a woman could refuse a man. He wanted me to marry him. He was rich, of good family ; he was honourable, and very, very much in love. But I — how could I love a stranger? And he was ugly — a great savage-looking creature. After that he tried to kill me. He shot at me. I had him arrested, and he committed suicide in prison.' She paused and shuddered. 4 It is he who comes,' she added. 4 Naturally,' said I, 4 you have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams are so vivid that you fancy them actual occurrences.' 4 1 knew you would say that,' she sighed, ' but I have very vivid dreams, for in them friends who have been dead for years come to me. They speak and move and touch me. But when I awake I know that I have been dreaming. This is different. My ghost — or my madness — cames to me upon the stage.' 1 Upon the stage !' I repeated. 4 Yes,' she answered. 4 He says I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when he came. He often comes, but never before did he touch me. This time he laid his hand upon my arm, and whispered: 4 1 tell yon you must retire from the stage! I exact this penalty of you. The next time you tread the boards I will kill you ! ' 4 Well ?' said I. 4 1 fainted,' said the lady; 4 and fortunately it was the correct thing to do at the moment. Only my fellow-actors guessed the swoon to be a real one. But the next day I cancelled, my engagement. "I declared myself ill. The truth isl was very much frightened. I had grown used to his staring and pointing to his throat, but when it came totouehing me and speaking' — She paused, shuddering violently. 4 Yours isa case of disodererd nerves, madam,' said I. 4 1 advise you to take a holiday.' 4 1 don't dare to go on acting !' she gasped. £ Don't you see that ? Why, I really believe you don't know why I am so troubled. In the very prime of life, with everything I value at my hand, I must sink into obscurity — retire on a small sum of money, when I might make an immense fortune— give up the applause I live for, the art I adore — and all because a ghost will have it so !' The tears arose to her beautiful eyes. She wiped them away and forced a laugh. 4 Oh, you know I had , rather think myself a little out of my mind tha'n to believe in my ghost !' said she. 4 So should I,' said I. 4 If you will take my advice, you will' give yourself a holiday, sur round yourself with friends, and forget your hallucination — it is one. You are just a little upset, and it will pass.' I wrote a prescription. 4 Take this at night,' I said. 4 1 assure you that science has distinctly proven the fact that ghosts do not appear to any one.' Shortly I went my way. The fee sent me greatly exceeded my usual one, and the next day I read in the papers that Madame had taken her physician's advise, and would spend a twelvemonth in Southern Europe. # -Sr a. It was more than a year, however, before I saw on the walls of the finest theatre in the city the announcement of Madame 's reappear ance. She was to play in her favourite role, and the papers were full of paragraphs concern ing her. She was, they said, handsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming than ever. Seats at the theatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks in advance, and at fancy prices. As I had my fortune yet to make I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to attend on the first night, hut I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats and white ties. . The house was full of the most elegant people in the city. The company was fine — the music excellent. -The curtain rose upon the unimportant characters who always usher in a play and finally the door at the back of the stage was flung open by a servant, and Madame entered. A roar of applause greeted her. The papers were right. She was handsomer than ever. Her role was one to call forth all her art She did not fail. As the play proceeded I noticed, however that she occasionally glanced in the direction of one of the side scenes m a way I did not like. And as the curtain rose upon the last act there seemed to me a longer wait than usual at the time when she should have entered; however she came. She advanced to the foot-lights. The part she played placed her in that scene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. She turnedUnd faeedthem. They flourished weapons in the air. .She addressed them, her tall form drawn to its height. My memory of the play was that at' this moment succour arrived, but it occuied to me that the scene was changed. : Fpbm the midst of the- "mob a-: strange wild figurfe rushed forth. I saw it tmt- for a moment. ft threw back the collar of its coat and revealed a red gash across it throat, and flung out its hand towards her. I saw it but for a moment, wondering what connection it had with thp. play ; then I saw Madame fall forward on her face. The curtain felL The house was in an up roar of excitement. A moment after a call was made for a doctor. I was the first to answer it. A little group of physicians gathered about the beautiful form that they had lifted to a sofa ; but we saw at a glance that we looked upon a dead woman. For my part a horror beyond that which sudden death inspires possessed me. 4 Did you notice the mqment at which she fell ?' I asked a prominent physicion who stood near me and whom I knew well. 4 Yes,' said he 4 as she spoke the last words of her defiance. Her friends were abont to appear.' 4 1 fancied one of the populace — the one who touched her, who had blood uponhim, frightened her,' I said. 4 Oh, no one touched her, my dear fellow,' he said. 4 There is nothing of that sort in the play. She awed them by her manner, you know. Good heavens, what a sad thing this is !' 4 It is horrible,' I answered. I think so still, Na one but myself had seen .the man with the blood upon his throat unless \- she did, and unjess all. that T am bound as a Vwedfea.1 man to disbelieve is true, there are such things as ghosts. "V 