ACCOUNT OF 11"ACQUARIEI IZA1fBO UR. BY FLYING FISH. No. 2 Lieutenant Wright, of the 3rd IRegi ment (Buffs), succeeded as Commandant. During his administration the settlement made some progress, and a farm was com menced on the main. From this spot, in June, 1824, a party of convicts, which afterwards formed one of the most formid able bands of bushrangers that ever in fested Tasmania, made their escape. These men had planned to run away with one of the barges when the Cammandant, accom panied by the surgeon, visited the place where they were working. It was soon perceived there was something wrong amongst the prisoners, and the Com mandant succeeded in reaching the boat, and in pushing off jest before the fellows ran to seize her. The poor doctor (Garrett) was not so fortunate, lie was taken prisoner by the gang, who, after a kind of council of war, determined to give the doctor, in his own person, an example of the scenes he had often witnessed-the application of the cat-o'-nine toils. The instru ment of torture was in a few mirutos prepared and ready for action. It was in vain that the intended victim attempted to expostulate; it was in vain that argument in arrest of judgment flowed from his trembling lips; he was ordered to strip. There appeared no remedy, and he hld slowly managed to get off his coat, when a deliverer appeared in the shape of Brady, who had been a pationt in the hospital and kindly treated by Dr. Garrett. HIe would not allow him to be touched. It is easier to conceive than describo the delight whic} his escape caused the worthy doctor. The men made good their escape in the openihbat, though closely pursued by the pilot, Sir Lucas, a moot native and deter mined man, who during the time he was stationed at Macquarie Harbour became the tesror of the runaways, for they scarcely ever entertained hopes of escape when they know he was pursuing them. Several murders were committed at this time, and three men who Iad been sent to Hobart Tow' n asal there convicted of mur der, were sent back under llhe charge of the Under Sleriff, Mr C. Abbott, to be executed at tihe settlement. Tlhero was no clergyman to prepare these unhappy men to most their awful fate. They died hardened and impenitent. This event did not make tihe impression which it was expected to do on the prisoners, for murders were afterwards often attempted, unfortunately in many instances with too fatal a result. On April 21, 1825, Lieutenant Butler, then of the 40th Regiment, assumed the command of the settlement, relieving Lieutenant Wright, who had to proceed with Isis regiment to Sydney. Under Lieutenant Butler's management adaily improvement was visible ins every liranchs of the service at Macquarie Harbour; his activity and perseverance in carrying on the works, his firm and severe, yet humano sud just government of the prisoners, could not fail to produce the most :llutursy effects. Building after building cwass erected, every part of the settlement brought into cultivation, excellent quays bordered the front, whilst fences, constructed of successive tiers of paling some 30ft high, were made to pro tect the rear of the settlemeist from the blasting etfects of the north-west winds I raft after raft of Huon puse came floating, down the Gordon, and brigs left the dock yard. The land upon which the dock-yard itself stood was taken from tile sea. Philip Island was brought into cultivation; in fact, Butler left nothing to his successors to perform-they shad merely to continue to carry on the sorks either begun or in contemplation. During Captain Blutler's administration murders continued to be committed occa sionally and prisoners to attempt their escape, although wilhh an exception or two, wvithout success. 'iThe most serious attempt at absconding suas ms.dlo in December, 1828\. The pilot had takdn down and dih charged a small craft, eo lighter, nattled after hlimself, tihe James Lueas, with 1t cargo of materials to enlarge Ihis quarters. 'lh?e next morning between nine andd ten o'clock he went on board, and having slept below, was surprised at liaving the hatches suddenly closed upon Ihim by his boat's crew and two other convicts who lhid come down with him. The men tlhreatened to ttsirder him, one nuin in partocular, named Burke, soulhl havo put the throat into execution, but Was. nps' vented by another named 'Thompson, who, lowever, observed that he wished he had' the Commandant there instead of Mr Lucas, and he would teach him how to flog mon, and behave better to his boat's crow. Tlsey then made away withll the mainsail of tihe sloop, and let go a second anchsor. Whilst some were thus employed four went on shore to the boat's crow Isht, and took away all the provisions they could obtain, After theiir return to the sloop they got into Mr Lucas's whaleboat, and steered to the northward. Mr Lucas broke through the bulk-heads which separated tihe cabin from the hold. lie there fossnd two of his boat's crow, Tait and Mordicais, who had scrupled to join tihe mutincers. Mr Lucas asked them to assist in retaking th.e vessel, but they declined, urging the odds against them. The names of the men who had absconded were Peering, Burke, Appleby, Colvin, Day, and Thompson. 'lThey were all of them apprehended-two by Mr Lucas Isim self at Circular Head. ''he first three were executedl the others had their sentence cosmmuted to transporhtation for seven years oand sent back to iMacquaris Ilarbour, when C'olin and Tho.ilpson again at teimpted to make their escape. Colhnl was rc-talken, but the others got cletr off. About this time tie skeleton of a masn swith his clotles on was found noes Mount Sorell, supposed to be oine of tihe former runaways. Another melancholy death by drowning took place shortly after. Mr George Lusik, a respectable and promising young gentleman attached to the Commis sarint Department, went otlt on April 25, 1829, to try a nose dingy, or small gig, built for the Cyprus. lie had been bred to the sea, and was supposed to io a good boatman, He was accompanied by two men, Smith, tile Cosmmansdant'o second caxswain, and Johnstoue, one of the boat's crow. The boat appeared to sail well, although the weather was very unfavourable and in a squall, which caught her between the small island and the settlement, sllo sud denly went down. The Commandant and Lieutenant Champ saw the accident. Several boats put off, but to no purpose. MIr Lusk's cap and one oar were all that were found. The next day the body of Smith was brought lip, but dreadfully disfigured by fish. No traces of Mr Lusk or of Johnstone wser ever discovered. Tihe boat wsts got up some few days after. It is a curious fact that, some time after this melancholy event, one of the soldiers, a man of weak mind, whilst on sentry at night near the dock-yard stated, when he wim relieved, that hoe had seen Smitih comen from the water-side-that lie challenged him, but received no answer--that he could not fire at Ihim for fright-that he saw him go into the boat's crew hut, come out again, and disapper at the water-side. This story set all the island almost on the look out for ghosts and apparitions. On June 21, 1829, Captain Briggs, of the Ul3rd Regiment, arrived as Commandant after apass.ago of ninoe veeks from Hohart 'I'own; audt Captain BIutler, much to thie regret of all the persons who hIad the plea sure to serve under him, returned to hIead quarters to join his regiment for India. 