CHAPTER II—PITCHER GOES ON. His evident determination had some effect, although my own necessities and the lateness of the hour accounted still more for my yielding. In five minutes we were round Kangaroo Point, and that night were lying snugly off Bribie, withineesy distance of Tripoonny's. 'Too are the oaptain,' said tho stranger to me mwe turned in, ' and lam the crew. The crew of course wet the bedding belonging to the crew. The effective crew therefore appropriates the belongings of the disabled crew. 1 With these words he turned in among Phil's blankets, and fell asleep apparently without more ado. The lantern hanging between as shed its light upon his upturned face, and I could not keep my eyweway.elthoughlpwtssdedtobereading. Half an hoar, perhaps, had elapsed, whin in taking a stealthy glance at my crew I caught his Mick eyes fixed full upon me. The eyes shot up at once, but the recumbent figure made no oth*r sign. Ton cannot tell what an uneasy feeling ibis behaviour created in my mud. Binee gaining his point the stranger liatf not spoken except when speech was imperative and as I contrasted his volubility oa Ac wharf with his subsequent taciturnity ft did not assist a«y slumbers to think that I had a mystery within a yard of me which could unravel Haelf if it pleased, but chose to keep as close as an oyster. I tossed about all night in fall view of that face, for I did not dare—l know not why—** put out the light. During this tire some Vigil Pall's substitute opened his eyes occasionally, and gazed at me, each time very deliberately, smiting sometimes in a wav that nude me afraid that I shuddered visibly while watching him through my eyelashes. It wan the most sinister smile I ever saw. His face was thin and pale—deadly pale. A black-pointed beard hid the lower extremity, and a thfcfr moustache concealed the mouth, except when his cold features reused into a .mil*, ftelaxed! did I say? No,*jy hardened Into smiles, and after leeiny trim nritte thai night the movemeat has haunted me ae<if it typified the spirit of evil. When morning dawned I must have been the most thankful mortal m Qaymslaiia^farl W almost expected tolbe numbered wtth the 11 -mbrtals doViaf the darkness. That evenmg #•• had the Harriet fulT «t oysters, and about 6 'b'elodk I started backr. I was aetetmiaed not to repeat the experience of the previous night, but waeTwe en^ the tf^ I regained ar little of my lost phek, and we slept till daybreak under Lunaai Point. My reason had been exercised bribe undoubted fact that I was sftui unharmed, and I determined that if the stranger meant no evil I would be a fool indeed to let his mere presence rain my nerve. This tiaM I was even roused by Wait*, as he called himself, and we started at once for Brisbane. It was Friday, and we had alt out bags shipped before noon by the Arawatta. Peterson was on Haft's wharf, and I got him to watch the Harriet while I went ap to the office. WeHe accompanied me without being asked. To my surprise W opened the con ▼ersatfen when we saw the boss by explaining the cirouidstanto* and elanttteg the Job 'until Phil 3d rWomV work. The boU told'ltf* that the matter rested entirely with me, and I looked up with the intention of saying that I had got another man, but, oatehing Waited eyes fixed on me with piercing inteaslty, I was robbed momentarily of the CDntrol of my tongue. When I did speak it was to aeluiesoe in the arrangement. No sooner had I spoken the words than I could have bitten my tongue out, but consoling myself by thinking of hie good qualities as a working mate, and trying to shake off the prejudice With which I regarded Waite, I went off and had lunch with him at the gi ill-room. For the next two nights the object of all my anxiety stopped on the boat/while I slept at the old man's on Kangaroo Point. Sunday night was my last night^of rest, for JGlod knows that now I can never enjoy another.' CHVPTEBIII. —PITCHBR CoVrtHTTES.' ' That Sunday a stranger had called on the old man, introducing himself as a Plymouth native, and was consequently far into my father's good groom in less than five minutes. When I came in before bedtime they were yarning away about people they both seemed to know, although it ap peared to me that the new comer couldn't exactly hit off any close friend of the old man's, but seemed rather to know Plymouth and its people in a general way. When I had been introduced he asked me about the bay and the oysters in thn conventional new-chum style, and wound up by declaring himself anxiousitb so© the business for himself. As you nwy imagine, I jumped at the chance to take him with me as a sort of set-off to Waite, and we agreed to meet at the wharf in the morning. Well, Mr. Primrose didn't fail to keep his appointment, and a swag I bronght down made a comfortablo third bunk under the manhole, where he unstrapped his valise. Primrose was a fresh-coloured English-looking fellow, about 40, with sharp gray eyes, moustache, and mutton chop whiskers, and before long he and Waite wore talking away about all sorts of things, as if each had discovered a well-informed man and would rather stand well in the opinion of theothor than not. Primrose lot out that he had gone to America some ten years ago and had been lucky at Leadville, and was now pleasing himself whore he went, but this was the only kind of what you might call non-reciprocal talk. Waite 'said nothing about his own personal history, although he seemed much interested in Primrose's. It appeared to me a cynical intoiwist, how ever, and ho plied Primrose with some curious questions about the Comistock lode, and suggested that an old Leadville miner might make his fortune on some of the undeveloped Queensland fields which, as Waite remarked between two draws of his pipe, were ready to pour out wealth at the feet of tho lucky detec tives. Primrose looked struck by this, but re plied, after a moment's deliberation, that he could not be tempted now, and that~flTe object of his travelling was not to gather riches so much as to spend them. A light and unsteady wind licked cat's-paws in various directions during the day, and it was as much as we could do to inriiCti under the* Dunwich point, close by the cemetery, before nightfall. In a few minutes we were snug for the night, and had the firepot going. A good meal made us feel comfortable, and I was able to tell some yarns about the graves on shore. Primrose and Waite were much interested, and after the moon rose we got into the dingy. When we stepped on the Stradbroke sand I led them into the cemetery and pointed out several of the interesting spots. A couple of open graves were yawning as usual for the next comers, and Waite seemed to take a violent fancy to examine every thing closely. He actually got into one of the gruesome pits and measured it with his feet. Then he"lay down at full length and gazed at the moon, which was high above us. Taking out his watoh he glanced at the dial as if going through some incantation. I watched him spell-bound, his eyes glittering meanwhile like a serpent's from a cavern. Suddenly they flushed out with an ominous light litim tb*e <4larknesß created by a shadow thrown over UtocAce. Primrose had bent over and obscured*.*** moon. 'Ha I ha!' laughed Waite, with ■»£ indescribable tone of mockery, ' the living eftHIUY body of our friend Mr. Primrose has sh*t oat the heavenly body from tho depths of this emblem of Whitechapel—• an unfortunate pauper's gray*. Well, many sleep more tranqnillyanaer the daisies than I beneath . the Primrose—which, by the way, is difficult to acclimatise in Queensland. Ton have interrupted your own horoscope, however, and your shadow will therefore never grow less. It will be dispersed, rather, after the manner of an exploded planet, and its opaque effeots diffuse wherever the por tions may be assimilated.'' With this devilish jumble still on his lips-Waite arose, and taking Primrose's hW) leapt dot el the grave, after which they remained facing each other as Father Gregory and the devil moat have stood before the latter was vrfaqawbed upon Drachenfels. All the eomposare I«r*r possessed was driven away, but I kept -making spasmodic efforts to revert to the eonveraatfcu broken ia srich a mind-convulsing way. Gradually we *ot<tfiray from the scene of Waito's o«tbreakt«a&l; took up the running about the Honourable Charley Punsonby'B last resting place, and about *he woman buried near him who was from the East And of London, and who was erased about being murdeted and out up. This last circumstance temped"to shut Waite up, and while Primrose was me about what I koew of the poor Mmvkjre's; history, the other was uncoaoßraedljr ■ti«H>mv or kicking the grass in an abssat sort eJTway. Then he left ns and got denm toikeAeAch, whero we found him half im Uui mftenrqhlii I noticed that PrimroM*ep4 Wevews direction all the tiaet. The letter<*eemed to have been examining a bole where a largo flathead had lain at hteh water.- <&*»» about Bft. long aad shaped nke • opffin. >jAs we came up he filled it inland pOfd.^a sand up until it only wanted a number s*d p fjtt\strewn flowers to . resemble m Wtb grwis,- /?fcj» QuAtra^tX.rv'VaKMw^-WKU Statement. ' IS^^mJSSSl^^^tnight I fell asleep as soon as litf <pw*.Ouit that was not until t>c4hPrimrcW e^WaMff^rere apparently , in, fee same condition. Wane threw himself upon VW* Mankets, sMd itq^sdJeMfo appeared as if hienrasyk in the cemetery Im4 auolified lum for a windbag-sheet. Primrose ahw£bsedhis eyes, and , was breathing r*fal*xlye*&tyjhking; placid enough torawaa image, when |,*pw>ed in. I began to think that both of these #mj .We playing parts, aad tha* .they were ,iae/MJB#j4ftfßrious way con nected. Turn it over as JUHftt I could come to no other concision thjqmht my crew and my ps Monger hod bee* wying to blind each other,' bat.,had bsery mutually found «afc. although s4 vet I .nq^sciwed no clue to the canse oj the deception. & this perplexing state of mind I fell asleep and dreamed a dream. Aloft in the ak* was a primroße moon, with mutton chopprhuters. and she hadjust arrived at a point in W a&k; jjjg|wsi.i^^;#ejfcwentarily expected to be tnioVii into a deep and terrible sqpulchre, containing a loathsome and bloody mystery. Thousands of oyes,ir which I was aware—although my own were f*ia «pon. jßie same object—were iturned towardsthk defg.'sfttLwhen, just as the moonlight began to creep doffn one side of the shaft, sn enormow serpent wjft vomited from the depths, and flew upwma, hisnog like a rocket at (he primrose moon. Than with malevolent fury the serpent struck the mMttJulrin the facu, turn ing it to a deep blood- colour, ore yet it burst into a thousand..fragments, the shadows from which seemed foeassed vpmt me. s^JOroing me back into deep recesses,<k wfrkneas and sorrow. A sodden lurch of the Harriet woke^mo, and t started up to And myself alone. Tb# rocking continued, however, and peeping cautiottSly out I was struck aghast. at the oaus.? of it. There, half over tho side of the boat, was Primrose, the end of the main sheet round his/body, preventing' hiu escape into the water, and Waite, with' 4, long knife in his hand, and looking a fiend incarnate, rendering it impossible for the man to get back. PrimroHO 1 was nevertheless .struggling desperately, but it was easy to see that he was simply at Waite's mercy. Waite's mercy, did I say ? He soon began to speak. ... ' My dear inspector,'. I ne*rd him say in blandly polite tones, 'you should really recognise the futility of any further straggle. Indeed I am persuaded that since you discovered the cartridges had been withdrawn from your revolver you have resigned all hope—although -it's just possible I may yet relent—and have been nioroly fighting as a matter of form. ,• You probably fancy that if you don't die gome they won't canoniso you at Scotland Yard. But mako your mind easy. The manner or the fact of your boul's escupe from tho restraints of officialdom will never leak out in London unless the scarlet wino of yoar body soaks through from Moreton Bay to the antipodes, and rofreshes some of those stains in Whitechapel we have gazed on so nearly together.' During the fight the two men had swung tho boom loose, and it was now hanging idly behind Waite. I knew now of course tuixt both Waite and Primrose wero assumed names. Creeping quietly up to whero I could get some jmrchase on tho spnr, I threw nil my weight upon it, driving it hard into Waite's back, with the object of throw ing him pant Pr'.mrosu into tho water. To my surprise he never lost his footing, and auickly: recovered his balance, when I suw that he had been holding on to the end of the sail-lashing, which had saved him. Turning quickly upon me he raised a revolver which I had not be'ore ob ssrved, and stopped my rubli at him Ly a shot over my head. 'Thore, yon young fool, 1 said he 'can't you allow Mr. Inspector Field and myiself to settle our petty differences without interference ? Perhaps you understand what a revolution means. Well on shore I have consistently revolted against the authority represented by oar frrad in the water, and on board th's boat I have kko the liberty of organising-*- mntiny on the part of the crew. Ton will therefore, oblige me by mount'ng to the croßstrets and remaining there until this little drama is over. Afterwards you may oomo down and join! in the—wuing comedy.' Well, I had.no option. Up to the orosstrees I went, aqd stayed there until the sickening horror bad grown complete. 1 The ! Buddhists have a notion,' continued Wa;te as he turned agun upon Primrose, ' that our bodies contain a principle known to Unm as the Linga Sharira, which may bo defined as an almost immaterial duplicate of our material living selves. Now, I have sworn never to be taken by you, Inspector, but I have not the same objection to be arrested by your Astral Body. Unfortu nately, your ghost cannot capture your murderer until set free from its present confinement, bat after thjat it will be able to settle down to the obligations we are about to lay upon it without further loss of time. As I have strong prejudices, however, against witnessing perfect apparitions, it becomes necessary to spoil whatever symmetry your spectre josight be entitled to on the strength of your personal appearanoe.' Thus taunting Primrose with the moat demo niacal self-possession, this hellish torturer began deliberately to mutilate his victim. The terror of the soene it is impossible for me to dwell upon. I can only sit and tremble over it, aa if a^ain I felt the erosstrves below my thighs and saw the barbarous death of Primrose ©nee more before my •yes. 'Your shadow, my revered inspector, will not now lens by this means,' laughed Waite aa he began literally to hack Primrose to piece*. When at length the unfortunate man had been weakened by loss of blood and ineffectual straggling, Waite hauled him on deck and laid him over the pump, gloating over him meanwhile like a half- satiated beast over its mangled prey. 1 Every portion of your form,' he went on,' will be responsible for a separate shadow at sunrise, and no, detective sprung from the brain ot Gaboriau waa ever to übiquitous aa you will then be.* 1 > For an hour, which seemed a black winter to me, this ferocious Ripper—yes Bipper, for had he not ftvaaied himself ?—lengthened out the agony of thy dying wretch with all the refinements of oruef|y . at his command, and they were not * few, tmtil Primrose shuddered and lay still^very still. I was sick at the terrible sight, and Jaiht with a sense ot the awfulness of the tragedy, reeling about on the erosstrees with a helptess numbness in my limbs and in my brain, but the sardonic murderer paid no further atteu-' tion to me. Even had I been armed, or in toll possession of the means of destroying Waite, I; couli>othave interrupted the ghastly spectacle * at aJfjr moment after the failure of my attempt to ralieve Primrose. My blood seemed from iniriy* veins at what I saw and heard, and when I was told to come down I fall from the croBs}rees on to the folded'jib, so completely was I sanped by the horror of the situation. 1 Yea may pick yourself'up, Mr. Pitcher, when you're abW laid Waite, who waa ignorant of my real name, ' and you needn't be afraid of being minced. You and I will get on excellently well togefner now that Mr. Inspector Field has ceased to shadow me. You have had a little object lesson on the danget of attempting to thwart me, besides which I want you to take me back to Brisbane. With the inspector my love for oyster-getting has disappeared, and there is no 'longer any risk of meeting him where the odds might have been against me. He was destroyed by overoonfidence in Ml arts, but your tyfe is safe while your discre tion lasts.' : Bt the time he had delivered this speech I was staniing up and oJuUhing the stars for rapport. Day JJfas breaking over Stradbroke, and in the red-un?ed water I oould see a dark patch moving slowly about. It waa a shark. Waite saw it too. It came close to the surfaoe and fixed its wicked eyes&Untly.tapon; us, Then another shark made its appearanoe, and yet another. The three ot thent3o«nht, and tore, and scrambled, for Waite had fnished his work) and was dealing it out to thomrhm accomplice*. As they rolled over one anotfeer in the struggle, W^ite stood prodding them in their sidss, and laughing, screaming with laugtftcr. \ cry soon they made aa end between thonC and when the lowing tide washed out the crinffion stain the shark* were still there, bolder and fiercer than before. They seemed to grow confidential with Waite, leaping towards him and drenching him with water several times. A big one, ab^ut 15ft. long, seemed positively to be frolicking with .the inhuman monster stand ing thorp with the boathook. It looked as if they hod met by arrangement, and were congratulating each other upon the morning's work. And why not ? Was not the blood in the veins of this man Waite as cold as that in the ocean scavengers undor our quarter ? He waa like a fell magician, summon ing dread genii front their depths a( will. Yes, there they were still. They would not go away. Whzt Were they waiting for? Well, if they would not go, wo must. W*ite was standing with one foot on the horse at the stem gazing at his worthy companions as if fascinated. Perhaps he envied them; who knows? An uncontrollable impulse'seized me. 'We must leave this,' I cried. 'I'm off as coon as may be.' The tiller was lying down below. Waite turned to 536 what I was doing. I picked the tiller up, and knelt down as if to fit it in the rudder-head. I was within 2ft. of his heels. I knew he had ceased his shark worship, and was cautiously watching me. I let one of my feet slip purposely, and. as if in the act of recovering myself, swung right round on one foot. ' In describing this revo lution I brought the tiller round with me, its momentum increasing: «s it flew at the length of my Arm, until, free of the boom, I whirled the hoßvy timber in the air; and brought it down on Waitc's nock with a stroke like that from an axe. The wliolo movement was no sudden, and the slip apparently so accidental, that ho had no time to recover from his surprise until he found himself in the water. Strange to say, the sharks did not rush at him. They hung off as if waiting for him to tike the lead, and gave him the chance of several strokes against the tide, by which he was brought almost within ronch of the rudder. But I didn't mean to let him get back again. Quickly seisins: the anchor-line, I drew the Harriet twenty yards up against the tide, and then, taking a turn round a cleat, turned to see how things were getting on in the water. Waite was coming up slowly with the three dark shadows alongside. His face was deadly pale, and bin eyes blazed curses at me. It really seemed as if he were sacred to those sharks— they wouldn't touch him; and there was this curious circumstance about the incident —that the man known to me us Primrose, and to Waitn as Inspector Field, wrb still shadowing him in the bodies of his silent guards. Then 1 saw what he was after. In one hand I recognised the revolver, and the next ituUnt mw it levelled at me, but he tailed to •toady himself, and had to take a stroke to recover. That instant I lost my footing and tell into the boat by the centreboard. The deck was slippery with the evidences of Waite's crme. The shock with which I Ml wm asverertrat at the same moment an inspiration thrilled me with sadden hope. I dared not expose mysdf again, for Wait© seemed as foil of his deadly purpose and aa cool in his attempt to shoos me as if hswnrs not himself in imminent peril, and as if he had me entirely at his mercy. The impulsive thought which came to me waa this: there ware the sharks with Wait* at their head, and I had slipped upon the very moans of making them attack him. I took up the little platform upon which we stood the firepot, and, holding it in front of me, stood it up against the horse. Thus covered, I leaned over, the p" mp *n^ pn^p*^ p'fl"rf>Ha^y *nr a few seconds. I need not say whatgushed up. The thin red streams conned ev«r the desk and down into tha water. Then, as I worked despe rately, I heeii a report, and my shield waa knocked over, pknod with a boßßt-hole. Bat I eared not the*. My work waa done. I saw the water, slightly dyed, surge rand Waite, and from the change in his faos I knew be saw it too. The idea thai waa in my mmd was also in his. The look which passed over his featoreo betrayed his fear. One* mora he triad to fire, bat it wm too his own ohath-wanant. With instincts galvanised into fresh activity by what the tide-brought them,. the demons about Yejte were to complete'the! tragedy in thai* iimu '»%. One ory.afedHwac airovi* iW&ing;, ti7 HtfflrfeWof the isfc» itasimkiVNaiK «»?t»le*eryth*» had the tiß* been fixed it *•*•»*•*« swept ■>• off my feet. The witar a| tUt stem beeeato suddenly whit* wmUm*g,»m*:mlmmlk at the loam I •aw fcMHngled with dig&JESof; re* The dJatarbaW receded with tfSTlit, tad *«b found the point by Danwich jetty. ' '„ - .■ ? * •"* Cntrm V.—FrrcHßß £^ofn». Here PitdMt stopped. Tharecftajjilid ulanaily - brought no relief to aie overwrougMrftJwtem, while U had powerfully affected meTMfcle bfjlittaa, however, I recovered, and began taJbal tajei-I had been rather eeaily token ia by tho#Mia7«lfeeet new of the man Mid the aataral dflMaaaje method of hie delivery. A* a reaalt.of ray cogitations I came to the ooadaaion thtt the whole affair moat be treated aa * haJlacfoatlfcon Pittas*** P**V*T that if W»4U had ever eitted he is** have exercised aaama hypsMtie iafaenae over hie earn panioo, and oaajared up thia Olaaion in Pusher's excitable brain. Then of the aitaation oeearred *ttM*d I made an «f«t to roaee PttelM* ;*■» WfSffov by waJoh he waa, orTwhah-d, 11 * *** ** ftemther we went into the street, eatV*e£»d waok in ailenoe. Here we were met bythMMMhr of a amall aohooner who waa wail known toSfe and a aehewe flaahed aeroaa my mind. •Trails' aaid I,'do>oa want a flratotaiehand for yoor eraHf; . • ■• „-.;" ... • There'a »e*W«g at thia m^MQ* I wat* wM,' "^hat 0 aftarnoliptibe Rndya&iKi;|tjpr ie<* *<» Townarille with*a miaeellaneona oaajtv-and with PiteheronboMd. "'" • After thia aaaWtaotory niece of boaiftaM-l MM* liberty to make a lew inquiries about Fjasher'a previoai movenente, and for that imrpoaa called at the offloe ef the Paeflks Oyater Company. All that the manijtir ooaM tell me waa that late on Tueeday dlfrttoa Fitohw bj*- kfOMht-.the Harriet up tbnifjiai wittoof aaaUtance, lad .had immediately ttoorted 'mfk bJa mate had given him the alip. More theja .iwt it waA beyond the manager'a nower to aay, eAept that Pitcher's subsequent banaTioar waa inoomprehensible, and that the oompaay were very sorry to lose so good a man. , Seeing in thia only, a eontrmation of my hypo thesis I strolled do«KJk>warda the river. Without any definite m&W;|)AI notioed that I vaa takaig the shoneat cut m the Harriet. Tea, there aha lay. Phil was on board. * Bam go this about Pitcher,' said he; Tve lost my chum, aM my chum's loet his bead, by all aooounts. MM* than that> his people nave laat him. He hiirt» aajj) home since Bm^sy«ag|JLL The firepot board waa hmning- against tne weather-runner. Through a bale in it I saw the sunlight glancing on the water. Junnigf .down, I examined it closely. It waa a baUetjsp^ 1 Well,' growled Phil to himself, after one or two remarks unheeded, bxjne, Mt seems to me every body's gone tttjHM way. Pity some mo?1o* heads ain't ligjiriMlrtlbard. The hole's Lh some thing througjpthe wood, anyway.' Reflection reduoed the importance of the bullet-* hole. After all, Waite might have added that piece of circumstantial evidence to support his hypnotic suggestion. ' , A month passed away, and I had almost dis-* missed the subjem from my mind. .when.tine day it was revived in «M\n^^rs]WWng fash on. X received a note from Tram, roated in TownsviQa, to the effect that Pitcher had been mise d_ two days before reaching the breakwater, and tb#t no traces of him bad been found. While on board he had proved himself ,a eaiendid hand, but had scarcely spoken an unnecessary word. He bad been so dejected, Trail! said, that what had hap pened was only what might have been expected, and he hardly liked to add that three sharks which had accompanied them for a few days were seen no more after Pitcher's disappearance. Here was a cursed ending to that devilish hypnotic business, thought I. The poor fellow, brooding over the terrible. deception practised upon him, had himself fulfilled the fear of each a burial expressed at the hotel. I could not rid myself of the idea that I was to blame for thin real tragedy, for I had arranged the coasting engagement with Traill, and Pitcher had acquiesced after some show dt resistance. Another month passed away. Two months. Three months. Pitcher's death haunted me. His own graphic description of a similar fate pursued me so Vividly that I attempted to raise my spirits by writing oat his story. The expedient of familiariaing^myatilf with the horror failed of its object, however, "and it became more than ever present with me. A week ago I stepped into a Breakfast Creek car. A newspaper lying open on the seat seemed to invite my perusal. It was an English journal, and judging from the dato had arrived by that day's mail. My eye instantly caught tho following heading and the subsequent paragraph:— IWHITECHAPEL AND THE ANTIPODEB. ' A UYHTERIOUB CASK. 1 Considerable uneasiness has been created in certain quarters by tho prolonged silence main tained by Mr. Inspector Field, who was despatched nearly twolvo months ago on a secret nvs-tinn connsctod, it is believed, with the diabolical outrages bo frequent in thn Eost End two years ago. The authorities at Scot- land Yard are extremely reticent in connection with the affair, bat from family aooraoa we leant that the latest communication received from U • inspector was dated from Sydney, New South Waloa, early in February U«t. At that time he ex {tooted to le.-mrTir*ffiW <layrfor "Brltbanei fn Northern Aaxtralia, bat aUhon^h nine months have Binoe eUpaed his family have received no subsequent letters, nor, so far as can. be gathered, em any trace of the mistta?- nan be discovered. Unofficially we learn t'.iat several of h:s old com rades are not slow to attribute the deteotive's dis appearanoe to foul play. It is believed that Inspector Field had discovered a strong cine to the where abouts of the notorious Whitaohapel murderer, and it is warmly hinted that the present oase forms an addition to the steadily growing list of detectives who have from t'me to time fallen victims to the yi^Vo inaapiYyi^iY "/*T>n*Yihftfl with thflir in*"^"^°'or A full account of the inspector's life and re-.1 markable career will find • pUoe in our impree •ion of to-morrow.' A I now know that no journal eJbd- «| |n*A tfa»e have presented ita readers «Wr4 °4*tjm* ••• count of Mr. Inspector Field's Ufa it daM^L, 