HUMOURS OF THE STRIKE. (ArgUs, September I.) Was Cadmus or Jason more astonished with the results of his sowing than are those nineteenth century heroes who ducked the two clerks in the horse-trough P Hanging about on the kerbs and corners they see the harvest passing into the Town Hall, By twos and threes, and tens and twenties, up the steps and into the 3 Mayos's rooms, to gather round about the table and tlake the oath which makes them t soldiers of law and order, and sworn h champions against all outrage of that sort D while occasion lasts. A goodly crop surely and formidable even in the eyes of the sowers. The duties of the Mayor in connection with that swearing in are mixed as arduous, e g., at the busiest time of baturday, it was necessary to conduct the business with all exp-dition and courtesy, and at the a same time to welcome a distinguished visitor. Thus the two scenes went on. In the outer room the officer calls the names of those willing, and man by man 1 they come in and place their hands on the Book. In the inner room the Mayor stands glass in hand, and his guests listen to his t words. " It always affords us pleasure to welcome visitors, and on this --." The ( orderly nppears. " Another batch ready, your worship." His Worship apologises, but omust needs go out and administer the oath. He returns and resumes his glass and remarks. "As I was saying on this occasion, associated as it is with so much i that is worthy of --." The orderly again. Another apology and another oath (not of the profane sort), and a second re turn to the parlour. There were four intervals in all before the glasses were emptied, and, even in the act, the summons came once more, and very nearly caused municipal hiccups by its interference with I the passing of the draught, Is there anything of the all-combining touch of nature about the rush for enlist meat in the " specials" army ? In this way, perhaps, a very dentmure and self careful old Yankee was talking one day, and the expression, " When I was at the war," came in. " What, wore you also at the war ?" " Guess, yes." "One would never have thought it. You seem so much like a man of peace from your youith upward. Were you compelled to go? Did you all go P" "Not exactly so, mister. A man with dollars could always buy off, and I did'nt like the war any better than your unemployed like coalheaving, but, do you see, I was young then, and though I kept out the first and the second years, I thoughlt it better to be shot in the third than to stay home and take the chaff our gala gave me." In the matter of the darkness, which is not all dispelled by the mosat opportune moonlight, there is humour. doubtless, though mixed with inconvenience, which grades often enough into misery. 'Ihe roysterers, returning in the "wee sma' hours," find the narrow back ways strangely unfamiliar. The lamps which used to stand in the corners are darkened, and one little lane is exactly like another. They are cruelly belated in unsaeoury Purlieus, and "a hoarse and ragged peal of cock-crow " startles them like a trump of doom as they feel feebly about a door handle which may or may not be right. And then when a man gets inside how the deuce is he going to remember all about the strike ? And why doesn't somebody tell hism, before he lights half a dozen msnatches and burns his fingers so many times in attempts to get a light in the customary place? There are folks who think we should have light and amusement too if the Gas Company would call for volunteers as well as workmen. For, say they, it is a right good and worthy cause to keep our city aglow. Get a few hundred dungaree frocks and jackets out there, make every compe tent man an instructor, and let every one who is willing go in and do an hour. Not four; that four-hour shift is killing. Hun. dreds of men could stand one hour who would collapse utterly in two, and many a man could do two who would be killed by four. " What are you going to do to. night ?" " Oh, lot's go and give the gas works a turn." Is it possible ? If so, the city mightyet lie saved. And if volunteers cJuld keep those retorts going, couldn't they man and run a couple of steamers between Melbourne and Newcastle or Bulli? The man who stakes his head has a poor notion of the pluck and stamina of his fellows. If humour exist here, it isof a very grim sort. It is the inner fringe of Flinders. street lying opposite thi wharves. It is never exactly a kalizoic locality, though in normal times brisk and busy enough. But now I For pity's sake wbat is this ? This is an unemployed, and drunk. A confirmed loafer, with whose protruding toes and nerveless knees, and stooped shoulders, and threadbare greasy brck, and unwashed face, the seat of settled melancholy, we are very familiar. But he has come down to the scene of strife, and the warriors appa. rently have welcomed him as a brotherin arms-at least they have filled him with liquor, nad look at him now. He will never be merry again. Merriment and industry died out of him together. But the liquor has warmed a something within him. His watery eyes gleam, and the wrinkles about his chaps seem trying to set themselves into a smile. tis knees wobble; he mumps and mumbles incoherently. He is like a drunken ghost, who, wandering in a churchyard, had found a sexton's bottle. There is another whom the basalt wall of a six-story building seems with difficulty to sustain. A lean, pitiful, shrunken wretch, shaved a fortnight ago, in gaol probably. A round greasy cap on his forehead, and on his right eyebrow a cut. Somebody has hit him, or he has fallen on the pavement. Look in there, or there, or there. They oar all bars, and all alike--fi led with an un washed blusteriog crowd, each clutching or craving after his pint pot, and cursing the tyranny of boasdom, or singing to the glories of the good time coming when there shall be even more beer and less work. The man who sells slops and stores of all sorts looks pensive-perhaps sad. His shop is empty, but his head, if its contents are Sindicated by the expression of his face, is full of a great puzzle. It is not the loss of trade that will come back again, "but I can't unnerstand it," he says; "can't understand it at all." What is it? "Why the less they works the mnore they wants to drink. It's allays been so, an' I've been in business here for 30 year." Another man of undoubted veracity says that between the Custom HIouse and Spencer-street he counted 14 black eyes. SBut that is not altogether a matter for regret, since if they have energy of this sort to spare they may just as well expend it among themselves. . . ... ...... . .. n - 