8P0RT. Tempo Handioap was run off yesterday. Cuirassier will probably be sent over for the Sydney Cup. What's the matter with Moxrlssey P He's all — « What P A letter for Billy Widders, from Glen- nie's Greek, at this office. Aristocrat is muoh fancied by a select (ew for the Newmarket. Goodliffe got six months in the 176yds Handioap for not running botter in the final. Snapper Garrison, the crack American Oolorad jockey, is likely to visit England this year. Nominations for Egan's 4th Sheffield close March 4. Bun at Wallerawang, Maroh 16. Ernie Cavill is going to England to measure stroke's with the oraok swimmers of the old country, Cowley had a beautiful fall after win ning his first heat in the 176yds Handioap. It did him no good. Sanders will ride Apropos; Power will steer Wild Oat i and Bamage will straddlo Boz in the Newmarket. Melton, the winner of the English Derby of 1886, has been sold to the Italian Government for jBIO.OOO. Donovan's win in the 176yds Handicap was a very popular one, as he waa Bolidly backed by the pnblio as well as his friends. Age isn't improving Miok Learhinan's Bpeed, as wbb proved when Cox downed him and real money on the old 'un pretty easily in the the 176yds handioap. At a meeting of the championship sports committee, held last Wednesday evening at Bainford's Cambridge Glnb Hotel, Oxford- street, it was deolded to add a three miles run and a broad jump to the list of cham pion events, and at the same time leave out the proposed two-mile steeplechase handioap. The Eastern Suburbs Club are early in the field with a big sports meeting, to take place on the Association. Ground on the Saturday following the championship meeting in May. The DarHnghnrst Harriers ore also ont with the conditions of a mile road handicap during the afore said week. Steel Grey, one of tbe best trottera Eng land ever bred, died last month. Her 10 mile reoord— 27min 66bqc — still stands good She was the property of Mr Biohard Gold, of Bxiok-lane, near Birmingham, and oame into his hands in 1869, a bargain, when Bhewasa three-year-old. Daring the seventies she performed some remark able feats, and won her owner a heap of money. Only two years since, when she was 21 years old, she won a raoe at Black pool, got a place in another, and took a prize at a show in the same week. Those gandy warriors, Miller and Boss, were to meet last evening in a Grroco- Boman " rastle " for £100 a-side and £200 purse given by tbe Melbourne Athletic Olub. Supreme calm mnst brood over their spaoions brows now, and mnst have likewise brode since tbe club first signed articles to give 'em £200 (if it ever did). Fancy what a ohuok in for two snoh refined past-masters of the Fake-Foolem style as Miller and Boss, two lovely hundred lovely yellow Australian gold sovereigns mnst seem 1 A game has been played amongst many of the English tnrf commission agentB, and has proved very remunerative. They will not betxiffht np to the time of starting, very often deolining to take any money in big sums within an hour or even two hoard of the race. We will say a man wants to have three, four, or even five hundred pounds on a small event, perhaps on a porse that he has an interest in. The commissioner at the clab wires to his agent on the coarse instrnoting him, and when betting opens the man at the post is ' '.perhapB able 16 got 8 or 4 to 1 abont the animal he wants to baok. He invests his money at the last possible price, and the olever backers in the ring follow snifa until the animal in question is qnbted at very . short odds indeed by the time that the flag . falls. The latter is, of cohrse, the storting \- prioe, and this is what the man gets paid for hia money if the horse wins, whilst the bfilanhe, whioh in many instances is a sab- etantM ono, is cut np. between; thp com- mlcsiet and hia agent on thqradfeoonrse. Lillie Bridge final on Wednesday next. Banters had a great tinn at Carrington on Wednesday evening. M'Manns and Steve Donovan are two of tbe greatest battlers over a distance here just now. The Carrington Maroh Handicap will bo commenoed this evening, oontinned on Monday, and concluded on Saturday next —that is, with the pleasure of the weather god. A representative of a Melbourne publi cation has been to Adelaide presumably to advance the interests of hia employer's paper there. The prinoipal and moat shuttling item of news contained in his brief notes of his trip is that he had a bath. It most indeed have been a shook i Onr own particular amateur athlete was juBb starting one of his adventure yarns, and had got as far as " I was ont fishing with a party of gentlemen" when "Early Bird" bluntly and rudely asked "Whion of the apostles was a fisherman P' Some one present having enggested Asanais onr own partioular one collapsed. Billy Maopherson, the Sydney amateur idol, and Alex. iMo/gan, have determined to leave no stone nntaraed in their efforts to get into condition to meet J. H. Hempbon and F. Morrison, the crack New Zealanders. Onr boys will have to look to it indeed, especially the popular little distanoe runner, as he is set a hard task. A match has been arranged between Miok Christie, the ohampion baok jumper I of Australia, and Dan Hart, the black- fellow, to jnmp on Saturday fortnight at the Carrington Grounds or the Domain, for £10 a side and the championship of Australia, three baok jumps. The stakes are in Mr M. H. Downs' hands, of the Alhambra. Joe Goddard, the Barrier Champion, who, by the way, answers to either Joe or Jaok, though Joe is the real thing, an nounces that he Is going to England, along with his brother Herbert, next month, a Sydney gentleman at present in that conntr having written offering to put np all expenses for the trip, so Joe Baya, and we say as how it's kind of the Sydney gent, The Darlinghnrsb Harriers have boldly thrown down the gauntlet to their power- fnl rivals, the Sydney Hariiers, and challenged them to a trial of speed and endnranoe over a fair steopleohaBe conrso. While the harriers are about it, why not fix np a orosB country championship as is in vogue in England and Amerioa P This wonlaoauBB no end of excitement, and would deoide the question of " boss" club for the year. Gatnos was perhaps a moderate mare (writes " Rapier"), and . ehe was foaled in 1867, bat still she won the Oaks, and it ia a pity to see a classic winner sold by auction for 16 guineas. Poor old lady ! I was not at Newmarket, and do not remember her at Epsom or elsewhere, bnt I have before me her portrait by Harry Hall, and there is muoh to like about this white-muzzled daughter of Sannterer, in spite of a big head and a heavy Bhonlder. Moderate as Bhe may have been, too, George Fordham got her home a winner on several occa sions, and in the Oaks, a race which provoked some soandal at the time, she beat Hester, Sunshine, Patd, Gertrude, and others, and won in a canter. As a fonr.year-old she carried 8st 71b in the Lincolnshire Handioap, and it is no wonder that she should not have won with snoh a horse as Ynloan (6st 8lb) in the raoe. I have spoken of her as moderate, bnt that is taking the average of Oaks winnerB, for she won nine races, worth £7123, nob to inolnde what she gained by one or two useful seconds, and she landed a lot of money for her friends in bets, so that it Ib sad to see her in her 61d age knocked down f jr 316s. The principles that often guide specula tion upon the totalisator were curiously illustrated by one instance at the Marton (N.Z ) races the other day (says a Marton paper). A gentleman from Palmerston,. who was on the grandstand, having ascer tained that he and one of the jookeye bore the same name, said, "Well, I don't know a horse from a pig, but III pat a pound on the horse he's going to ride," and he was rewarded by a £12 dividend. On the other hand, those who knew a horse from a pig, and though they worked on soientifio principles, did not touoh' a winner. Judge Hamilton of Melbourne mnst be one of the good old Hamiltons of the daya when "Loud and high the Cameron's gathering rose, The war-note of Loohiel, whioh Albjn'a hills Have heard, and heard too have her Baxon foes," for he mercilessly _quaBhed the conviction imposed upon little Pinto of " assaulting" little Ohampion Griff o, and said he'd he shot if he could see any evidence of brutality or assault, and the sop that-laid the information was a soured man from an Antrim bog, .who ought to get the hair shaved off his ; teeth, while the Benoh were what we balled 'em, a lot- of dodder ing old women who ought toT wear skirts and pants that only joined at the panel of the front.- At le&qt; if b# did not say all that - ho meant it, and tiiey deserved worse. - . '- The well-known hon. seo of the Darling hnrsb Harriers, Mr Ernest S- Marks, writes stating that Newcastle will be represented at the forthcoming cham pionship meeting. He has heard from the Centennial Harriers who propose send-., ing down a contingent, It is to be hoped that many of tho np country cities will follow suit. There promises to be a big boom in amateur sport this season. C Jake Kilrain has challenged Paddy Slavin. Jake has a perfect right to do so, and the Msitland rlnggar should accept the defi , as it will be an almoet certain win for him, and though he is a good man, he has not yet done enough in the flstio circle to entitle him to refuse to meet any man, blaok, white or yellow. Jaokson has never refnsed an offer yet, and the white Australian should not set a bad example by giving himself airs. Besides, it will be no disgrace for Paddy to carry Jake's Boalp aronnd in his. George Peters. a colored heavy-weight pngillBt of New York, offera to fight any man in the world, Jackson in particnlar. Letters for Joe Prioe, J. H. King, and W. Widders, pedestrians, lie at this office ; also one for W. Oxley, "pedestrian trainer." When the sharper grabs the greenhorn, And works him for hia tin, The oonntry lout frola muoh pnt out, Beoanse he's taken in. . Joe Vezey, who recently acted sb referee of the filavin-Smlth prize-fight in Franco, is well known to several old-time London pugilists in San Francisco (says the CaiiL) as a dog-fighter sni hard c«Be generally. His appointment as referee was enongh to qu:er the fight. At the Mart's Dock employees' pionic, last Saturday, T. Hodgekisa won the 160yds, handioap for residents of Balmain, oft 16yds (Jobey Williamb was scratch on 2yds), and also the Dock Handicap, for all men (apprentices barred) working in the dook, o£t Oyde. A publican on the Blawarra line can be baoked againt all-comers to feed to a finish on plain solid food, to consist of a bullock's head, sheep's tongue, stewed pigeons, and a decomposed hare. Each mast find his own luxuries. The lllawarra man guarantees to procure portion of his at Kogarah and Sydney, only breaking the journey for a lusoions bit at Erakineville. Mormon Jaok can be backed for a heap of money. Some may think from his geo graphical cognomon he is a Frenchman, but I he is not. Pattl having made bleached hair fashionable in Ametioa, Miss Hetty Turner, «£ Arkansas, first applied the process to her own raven looks, and then to her business, whioh tmns ont to be aiding a gang of horse thieves. She is a beautiful girl, and always rides a yellow- bay horse to matoh hor hair. When a vigilanoe committee explored her ranohe they found a horse undergoing the bleaoh- ing process by being covered np with rubber blankets, and exposed to the fumes of burning eulphur. The All- Comers Swimming Handioap, of 182yds, at the Natatorinm on Saturday last, was swum in two trial heats and a final. The first heat was won by F. Matthews, with A. B. Glynn second. The second fell to D. Bowers, with G-. Ember Bsoond. Ember was extinguished by his wetting and went out, and only three started for the final, and Matthews proved the right 'on, Glynn ooming seonnd and Bowers last. He mnBt have been the left bower, and they were playing with the joker in. The time of the final was lmin. 68seo. Another handicap for prizes of £2 and £1 will be swnm off to-day. The New York Sun's London Special says : " The Smlth- Slavin fight has again come to the attention of the public. It is now the oause of a lawsuit. The fight took plaoe on the lawn of the residence of Atkinson Grimahaw, a retired English officer, living near Brnges. - Grimshaw has been sooially ostracised at Bruges ever since the fight. The rougim destroyed his property and his character. He has also been assailed in London. For all this he 1b preparing a suit against Boxing- master Spenoer of the Pelican Clnb, for olander and damage to his garden, declar ing that Spenoer hired the premises on behalf of and as agent of the Pelioan Clnb. Jaok Faller writes from Penrith stating that he and his charge, Valentine, have taken refnge there fat W. H. Edwards' Hotel from the rains that fell incessantly at Katoomba in the mountains. He says that Edwards' is a bully plaoe to train, and his man is in great niok, and promises well for Monday next. Begirding Mr Qowland's offer, while repndiating ever having said he oonld or wonld like to do bo, Jaok says, " as the amateur eeems hungry to try oonolnsions I will undertake to absolutely beat him in 8 rounds for a side bet or anything he likes, or when he likes." n The foregoing la an instance of Chinese sharpness. Here is an illustration that all the race are not possessed of an equal amount of gnita A Hay auctioneer the other day was trying to sell a Chinaman a horse. The horse had a big swelling just above one of his fore feet, and the Cinna mon naturally inquired what the swelling was. "Oh," said the auctioneer, "that's a doable joint. Donble joints make a borse ever so much stronger." "Welly good," replied John. "You bling mo orse double-jointed alle same four feet /me buy him/' He is now anxiously : ' awaiting delivery of a horse of this desonp- / Hon. ' i ji rfflT iiiiiiiiT ri if- ir r i r ' iimi'i n mi i ' ihiimwiii — im "Tho funnieet thing about billiards," observed Early Bird sententionsly, " is that no man ever played as good a gamo as he did some years ago." A defeated competitor in a recent boat raoe held on Cook's Biver, and who glorifies in an agrionltnral cognomon as clean to the bottom as a half-dozen aorea . of MBea's flat, owes his defeat to the faot that although he has repeatedly proved himself a good oarsman he could not manage two at once. It wa3 plainly ob servable from the manner in which he worked his seat . that he lacked style and ability. He is, however, of opinion that ho could manage ono oar better if he oonld trust to a mate to handle the other. Bat one who has steered him in many ' an en counter says he is getting out of form, and becoming utterly useless on the water. Mary had a little brute as fat as it oonld waddle, and everywhere that Mary'd sooot, this little pup wonld toddle. It tagged her down the street one day, olose up behind her bnggy. Oh, how it loved to run away— this naughty little puggy. 'Twas always doing something wrong when Mary turned her back, and all the time he seemed to long to walk the tramway track. One day when Mary was at church this frisky little scamp thoaght he would leave her in the lurch and go and play the tramp. So down npon tho line he trod, the one the motor's use, (ill, worn out, on the track he sqa&ts;, and drop3 into a snooze. He, fast asleep, did not observe - ah, sad indeed the story— the railway tram oame round the ourve; that pap went np to glory. There came along a butohor man, who once had loved that pnp j and with a brush and big dnst-pan he swept the poor dog np. Next Wednesday Mary got nita back, he did not look the samo, he would not come when she oallod, "Jack I' " Bologna ' was his namo, A Frenchman in Slam has recently written to a French sporting paper an acoonnt of his exporionce with turtles a9 boasts of burden. He bought two big fellows for lOdol each, and harnes.-ed them together by means of an elaborate wire and chain arrangement. Then he hitched tbem to an 18ft row-boat in a neighboring har bor, got into the boat, and let tho tartles go. They started off with a rash that upset everything in the little craft, in cluding the Frenchman, and made for the open sen at the rate of speed of a man walking fast. They paid no attention to the reins with which the Frenohman tried to guide them. After four boars of vain tugging and pulling the Frenohman was obliged to ont loose from them in order to keep within eight of land. The last be saw of his 20dol turtles, as be rowed back to land, they were still forging ahead in their double harness. He will repeat tho experiment shortly in an island lake, where the turtles cannot get away from him. He is confident that a little training would make any big turtle a cheap and sufficient traotion power in the water. In my time I have soen many singular sights. Suoh as harpies and fairies and brownies and sprites. On my way through the maze of this life I've been hurled With all sorts of creatures that make np a world. I have talked with the man who oonld bridge the Atlnntio, And learned it was hunger had driven him frantic. I have listened to speakers with' silvery tongnes, . And found that their thinking was done with their langs. I have been tb museums and seen ouriosities— Two-headed oalvea and all kinds of mons trosities. But I never played billiards with anyone who Didn't one time play bettor than now he oonld do. "Do you know of anybody who, baa a good dog for sale P" asked one travelling man of another. " Yes, I've got one my self. Fine animal. I think he would just suit you." What kind of a dog is it P" "A setter." "A setter?" "YesjBhalll bring him around to show him to you." " No, thanks. I've gqt a whole baok yard full of hens. I want a dog." Melbourne Visitor : " I would like to get you to teach me to sail a boat." Boatman » "Sail a boatP Why, ib'a easy as swimmin'. Jest grasp the main sheet with. one hand an' the tiller with the other, an if a flaw strikes ease up or bring 'er to, .an loose the halyards. Look out for the gaff and boom, or the hnll thing'll be in the water, an' ye'll be npsot t but if the wind is Bteady yr all right, onless y'r too slow in luffia' to, cause then y'llupsot sure. Jump right in an try it, but re member, whatever ye do don't jybe." A prominent olty lawyer tells a startling story regarding his onrions adventure while killing a few fowls on Wednesday morning. Ha was preparing for an exten sive dinner and killed throe fowls. Tho last one, instead of flopping around like an ordinary hen and dying when its head was. ont off, got up and walked about ten feet, laid an egg, and then gave np the ghost.// In the meantime, ithe gentleman says, tbaJ fowl's head caokled tor nearly a mlau4&|$ i; before it, too, beoune qatet. 8 On the Georgia Pacific Bailroad, Miss Betty Emmons was walking along the track .when she discovered that the spikes had been drawn and a rail moved. Just as ' she made the discovery Miss Emmons beard the roar of an approaohing passenger train, whioh was running at high speed. She knew the train wonld be wrecked if ehe did not Btop it, and she did sot hori- tate an instant. She wore a zed flannel pettiooat, and, hastily tearing it off, ran toward the approaohing train, waving the garment across the traok. The engineer saw the signal in time to stop the train. When the passengers learned of their narrow eBoape and Miss Emmons' ooolnesa they at onoe made np a handsome parse ana presented it to her. Girls take notioo. A well-known minister, who is very fond " of fishing, was, says a contemporary, . presented by a friend with a pair of robber tronBera, to which were attaohed a pair of heavy boots, the whole arrangement being made in ono pieoe. He waded in the streams, fished, and " guyed " the other fishermen who didn't own gam trousers, and had lots of sport. At night, when they oame in tired and hungry, the dominie wonld be nice and dry, while the other fellows wonld be more or less wet, according to their mishaps, and of course would bo chaffed by the minister. One morning they wero all standing on the bank watching him wading in deep water, and envying nim, when all of a sadden he stepped on a slippery stone, his feet went up, and he went in overhead. They fished him ont, and found he weighed about a ton, the water having filled np hia boots and trousers to the waist. Tbe funny part of it was that they oonldn't pull off the combined boots and trousers, and so they had to stand bim on his bead against a tiee until the water ran out. George Shiner, a boiler-maker, was before Magistrate Donohue at Normanton, December 13, charged with beating and deserting bis invalid wife. Donohue doesn't like wife.beatera. When Shiner was arraigned and the faots were brought out _ the magistrate resolved to infilot punishment that wonld make an impres sion. Getting down from his official seat be looked the doois, pulled off his coat, ordered Shiner to do tbe same, and then and there, on the official floor and in the presenoe of two hundred speotatora, gave the wife-beatsr as thorough a lioking as aqy man ever got. Though Shiner was game and fought hard, the Magistrate thrashed him until every bone in his body aohed. Panting with exertion, Donohne resumed his seat. " There, you miserable ruffian," he said, " go back home now and look after your wife and ohildren." Shiner promised to reform, and shuffled off. "That's the way I propose to treat all wife beaters and deserters in tbe fntnre," said the Alderman " It is the best way to pnnish them, saves oost to the oonntry and is better than patting them in gaol and letting their families starve while' they are there." A lady writes Some twenty years baok we had a poodle— white, with one black ear. After the manner of his race, he was never quite happy unless he eatried something in hia month. He was intelligent and teach able to the last degree. The greateat def eot in his ohavaoter was the impossibility of distinguishing meum from tnutn. Any thing he oonld get hold of he seamed to thins, according to his dogged etbios, to be fairly his own. On one occasion he entered the room of one of the maid servants and Btole her loaf of bread, carefully shutting the door after him with his feet— the latter part being a feat I had taught him. The woman— Irish— was soared, and thoaght that the dog was the devil inoarnate. The necessity of discipline on the one hand, and of ooonpation on the other, induced me one day to enter a saddler's shop, situated in a straight street about half a mile from our honae, and buy a whip. Shortly after my return home he committed some act of petty larceny, so I gave him abeating with the whip he had carried home. Going for a walk neat day the dog, as usual, acbompanied me, and was entrusted .with, the whip to carry. Directly we got outside tbe door he started off at his. beet paoe.. straight down. the iif H1 umrvriyinufi.mil i" \u\ nm H.iu /u I u W'tr Btreet, paying no attention whatever to'my,.. repeated oalls. He entered the saddlers; shop and deposited the whip on the floor;;' When I arrived the saddler showed me the, whip lying exaotly where the dog had' deposited it." ,y- y V V, "OWED" TO OONINGHAM, THE - U QUEENSLAND OB&OK.; ; JyVTHAT WILL HAPlfHN DP HB MHHTS &HSii.;< Ho struts to the pitoh with a oeafldsrit smile _ As he hears the great multitude shout. he feels that at loatt 60 rana ho will pile y On the socio e'er the umpire yells " Oat." V For isn't onr Oonny the Belvidere oraok, - >' The pride of the dull Northern towhf The chap who all morn oan huook ftixerooaoh' whaok, . .< And when he likes bowl wloketa doifn. Ho gets ready, and Tnrner, of "demonleh" ' fame, Lite drive at the bat-gnsrded stiokg. And the Qasenalander thinks that' it looks." rather tame, So he'll send it at least for a six i . So he swipes at the ball at a paoo that wonld ; knock Any average ball ont of town, Bntthe ball joet ten tioka or to after he's; etrnok Blaes np, and the stioks rattle dogrn, , There is a good story told of the' economical qualities of two well-known and wealthy gentlemen living in town that is a good lesson for those recklessly ' extravagent parsons who are not possessed;, of the true spirit of eoonomy. On a cer-.' tain night one of these gentlemen otdled/ on the other to transact a little business at the former's reaidenoe. The host lighted a candle that they might examine some papers, bnt immediately blew.it ont,. again when they were through, leaving -; them both sitting in tbe dark, y . " What made you blow out thecaudleP" / inquired the caller. "Oh, we oan talk in the dark as well as .' In the light, and it eaves the oondle," wai the reply. They contlnuod their oonversatibn/for a . short time, when the host heard some mysterious sounds ooming from the dlreo tion of the caller's chair and inquired what . hiB friend was doing. "Why," was the reply, "if a- -dark la here, and on one can Bee me, sol thought I would take off my pants to save the wear on them." Not long ago a miner, who . hod ex perienced all sinds of fortune, from the hardest up, strnok it very rich inhisold - age, married a young wife and started on' a prolonged spree, whioh ended'. In: his death. A will exeouted a few hours ibeftoe he died left all his property to. his wife. His relatives in the city began milt on tie ground that the teatator was out, of hia mind when he mode thewilL The' case oame np before a judge who is known aft a good liver aqd gallant nan. Certainly some remarkable freaks were ptoven ti a have been performed by the ola fiiiner lit the last few weeks oC his life, and the widow wae pnt on the stand. "What were yonr husband's Isat words P" said her counsel. " I'd rather not toll," said she, blushing prettily and hesitating. " Why not P" asked the counsel;/ V Yon must tell. The judge wiU think yon ' orel - afraid; Ibwill damago yonr oase" . - Still blushing the pretty widow declined to tell. Finally- the judge himself orgU&d; with her, and told her that if sheperwtod . in refusing it wonld go for ' towards confirming his snspiolon that '.lie. was insane. //'./' .. "Well," said the widow, relnotaatly,'' " he said, ' Kiss me, pass, and open another, bottle of champagne.' " . /.,//' / </,. " Sensible to' the very last," blurted'Out the judge. And so he decided, nttd1 woolcL v hearno more evidence. A good story is told of hew a WflO- owner of Kentucky onoe upon $10$ per; sanded his driver to win. It appearsralt owner had a "cinch" in a raoe,'prqrlded the performer's able bnt tricky driver BaW fit to go to the front. The rerndfeef the first heat showed that the driver hed b®ea- ' got at, and then the owner took herolo measures to insure a winning.; Drawing a six- shooter, the following conversation/ took place under the wire between owner/ and employe : — ... " Bill, do yon Bee this P" "YeB,sir." " Well, Bill, yon know me by repnt&tioif;,' and, BUI, I want yon to win this tacej I >. am going to be here right under, the, 'wire and if you don't eome in ahead IfU ehoot you right out of the sulky. — — haa.givaa;' you SOOdol to pull the mare, tiut.tiiat.ddn t, . go BUI. Yon oan do aU the pulling yea, like after , yon win heats nosy bpf ere. Yon've got to win If the morfrdqesn't/. break a leg. I have several hnncuooii.in.v the pool'box tmd I want to Yin- flfet/ money to boot. Now, BUI, yon'va koard me, and I want you to understand' I will , do as I say." BiU was thoroughly influenced, by thto;. - moral anaeion, and if ever a map: '.made,/ frantio efforts to get to the front and .Btay, these he did; It is needless to'.fiajy the . mare won hands down. After all was over the party who had approached BUI went to the owner and requested1 a tokeh of re- . membranoe. "For," said he, "you are the first man that ever got the beet of me, . and! would like something to remember yon by. Tho SOOdol is gone, ana I don't - expeot to get It baok. . However,;/! am; willing to lose it under the > ohronm-' stances.". . 