Turf Items. The publication of the acceptances for the Mel bourne Cup on Tuesday had no effect in the betting market, lt was oí com so expected that there would bo a great diminution in tho field, and when the list of. contents was m¿do known, it was generally ad mitted that nearly everyibing wita the ghost of a show to win the great V. tt.C. handicap had been left in. The scratching of Marvel was, perhaps, the only thing which caused (porting i;>en to wonder. Tho horse on the training traci, s in Victoria has pleased tho touti just in tho r ame v*ay that ho pleased thom at Randwick. It was thought that his dart " was tho Caulfield Cup, but for that event ho waa scratched; then his victory in tho Melbourne Cup was predicted in whispers, but again he has been scratched, and the oniy people so tar who have pro fited by tliia equine Marvel ara the bookmakers who have succeeded in laying him. Not a few will regret the absence of Gresford. When in - form ami when the weights first appeared he looked real good gooda, t ot t>inco thi n ho has gone very much off. aod no ono can blame hie owner for scratching him. Another horse that ia an absentee ia Oakleigh, but hie performances this year k^ve nob encouraged the thought that he'had a show. The only horse which improved in price yesterday was Prince Cor/sort,. who, on the strength of his good gallop at Randwick, advanced from 100 to 4 to 100 to 6. Prince Consort, it may bo remarked, waa one '"' cf the first horses backed in Melbourne for the Cup, but since then he has been ovoi shadowed by his ; stable companions, Carbine and Tantallon. The Bombala Spring Races came off on Ootober 22, and were fairly attended. Some capital racing took place, and some of the best finishes ever witnessed were seen. Mr. D. J. Beli'a Manaro won the Trial Stakes, Mr. Chegwiudon's S a Spray won the Spring Handicap, and also the Lady's Bracelet. Mr. Bell's Nanoy Lee won the Plying Handicap and the Forced Handicap, and Mr. F. H. Dawson's Lady won the Haok Raco. Mr. Peter Mooro had every reason to bo pleased with tho attendance at his prettily-situated race course on Saturday last, and the patrons of tho course, in turn, had reason to be satisfied with the good entertainment submitted. Tho duties of Mr. Jolly as secretary, Mr. J. B. Olliffo aa junge, and Mr. M. Hegarty as starter, were discharged in a manner that lr ft no room for improvement. Mr. Hogarty's starting waa indeed particularly good, and moro than once he came in for a ronnd of applause. Victor Hugo waa made the pot for tho Tramway Handicap, but when it came to fighting it out at the finish, there wan nothing in it but Graudaon, who wop very easily by a length from tho favorite, with Jetti son a good third. The public's disappointment over tho downfall of Viotor Hugo in the first raco waa compensated for by Don John in tho Kogarah Stakes. Ho left tho paddock at 6 to 4 against him, and after , making meat of tho running ho wiui easily by two lengths from W.D. «nd Denman. S mtherly Buster and Grandson, tho latter on account of his win in the first raco, wero most in roqueat for tho Moorefield Handicap, but they wero beaten by Don, who led most of tho way. Southerly Buster was second and old Lincer third. Strephon ar.d Lincoln were made . equal favorites for tho Selling Raco, and finished first and second. Tho day's sport was brought to a suc cessful OIOBO with the Stewards' Mile. Velocity and Don wore most in request. It was an oxcollent race Pelham and Pantomimo cutting out tho running The latter lod into tho straight, but ho was oloaely pursued by Pelham and Tho Dolphin. A ding dong fiuish th n ensued, Dolphin winning by a ¡ arc length; whilo Pelham was sooond, a neck in front o Pantomime, whioh ran a good horso, considering thai he had been fighting for tho lead nearly the wloh journey. At Moorofield on Saturday tho winner of the Soil ing Raoe (Stivphon) waa bought in by Mr. D. Lawaoi for ¿75. The club thus benefited to tho extent o: iS50. The A.J.C. has granted registrations to tho fo'low ing raoe meetings : Rylstone, Collie, Coonabarabran Mogil Mogil, Woodbino Park, and Tocumwal. Bridesmaid has dropped a handsome colt foal t< Trenton. The youngster should turn out a valnabl addition to the blood stock of tho colony. Tho annual mooting of the Murrumburrah Rac Olnb will bo held on February 18 and 19. J. Sinclair the owner, and Enoiid tho horap, havi been diaqnalified for two years by the committee o the Wollongong Turf Club for dishonest running ii the Novel Raoe on tho second day o£ tho races M'G.e, jockey, was disqualified for eix months in con nection with tho samo matter. The disappointing ateoploohaser Bushman has, w< understand, again changed hands. In future ho wil be under the caro of W. Kelso. .Tho Rosehill Club aro in tho field with their pro gramme for a two days' mooting to bo ho d on No vember 8 and 10. Six events are on the card for eacl day ; thoae on tho first day being the Opening Han dicap ol 75 sovs, 6 furlongs ; tho Maiden Hurdh Race of 75 sovs, 2 miles ; the Camdon Handicap o: 100 eovs, li milo ; tho Nursery Stakes of 75 sovs, Í furlongs; the Selling Raco of 50 sovs, G furlongs the Corinthian Handicap of 75 sovs, G.V furlongs. Or the second day tho ovonta provided for are tin Granville Handicap of GO sovs, Gi furlongs; tin Selling Raco of 75 HOVS, 1 mile ; tno Open Hurdh R.ice of 75 sovs, 2 miloa 1 furlong ; tho Opon Steeple chase of 100 sovs, about 2V miles; tim Welter H*n dicap of 75 s >vs, G furlongs: and the Birthday Han dioap of 120 aovs, 1 milo 3 furlongs. It will thus b< seen that the added money offered by the chit amounts to ¿G103>\ which should bo tho moans ol attracting good fields. On October 19 the imported maro, Mona, the pro perty of Mr. W. H. Dean, dropped a bay colt foal tc Trenton. Further nowa from Mr. Dean's Btud farm is to tho effect that a vory fair numbor of mares have been engaged to visit Sardonyx. Although tho aport at the pony race moeting at Canterbury Park on October 27 was of tho most satis factory nature, and the general management all thal oould l o desirod, tho attendance was Bmall. The handicapper triumphed ovor owners and baokors by Bo well adjusting tho woi^hta that only in two handi cap races did the fa/orito get homo. In tho Miniature Handicap Dunwell was made tho pot, and ho romped home ia front of Ganges and Enterprise. This Was tho only good thing tho public had during the day, for although a favorite got home in the Galloway belling Race, the outsido backer did not get muon of tho spoil. The bookmakers, however, did not win much. They seemed to feel tho effects of the facer they got in the first race ; and consequently they did not take many liberties in the after ov> nts. H- rriet was thought tc beresl food goods in the Pony Selling Race, but she was beaten dy Bertha and Aboriginal. Thcro was only a h*ad, however, between the first three. Lady Bello was fsti'i at.edto have an even money chanco m tho Kingsborough Handicap ; bnt the unlucky little mare was beaten by an outsider, Escape. Fivo to 4 was laid on Calm for tho Boxley Handicap, aud she won comforlably. Truth won the Soiling Ra.;p, and Keep-ako, a comparativo outsider, won tho Harcourt Handicap very easily ; Lottorys an even money favorite, not gotting a placo. The winner of tho Galloway Selling Race nt Canter bury Park on Ootobor 27 was bought in for .£62, the club benefiting to t!i« extent of .£22. Bertha, tho winner of the Pony Ssllin.? Kaoo, was bought in for ¿24, ,£14 of which wont to tho club's funds. The committee of tho Associated Pcny Clubs wore so dissatisfied with the running of Lord J<rsey at Canterbury Park on October 27 in the Selling Race, that they disqualified the jockey, Perry, for six months. The hurdle racehorso Gulph» was sold in Mel bourne on Monday for 200gs. W. E. Gladstone Was sold for 105gs. The V.R.C. Oaks candidate, Emmie, under the care of T. Lamond, left Sydney on October 27 fc-r Mel bourne by the mail train. By the same train Too Soon and Tupaki, in ohargo of J. Earnshaw, also took their departure. Tb© pony race meeting at Lillie Bridge on October 23 wna well nttendod, and some good races were witnessed. Tho Midget Handicap fell to Gladys alter a splendid finieh with A .Z. The running of the favorite Snowdrop appeared erratic, and tho com mittee felt it necessary to caution thn rider. Theila proved horaelf to be a botter pony than most poopîe . belitved hsr to he by winning the Tramway Handicap easily with 9st on her back, Avondale 8st 21b, getting second place. Tho Pride won tho dollin* Race easily, and was bought back by the owner for .£35, the club benefiting to the extent of ¿£15. The Flying Handicap was run in heats, tho final being between Infolico (7st 41b) and Duchess (8st). It was a good race, and waa won' by Infehce by a length. Duohess got the worst of tho start, and her rider, Hewit, was Buffering from an injury to his leg. Had it not teon for theso disadvantages, Duchess would probably have won. The Time Handicap Trot waa won easily by Little Bob, old Eurwood securing . tho barren honor of second place. Mr. Georgo Röwo has issued the programme for tho Warwick Farm meeting to be hold on .November 15\. Entries for tho various events provided for in the programme, which ÍB published in our advertising columns, will close on Monday noxt. The exceedingly attractive programme provided for Tattersalls annual race meeting on December 27 and. January 1 Í3 publishod in our advertising columns. _ It is unnecessary to do moro tuan direct the attention of owners to it, and mora particularly to the '.act that tho dato of general entry is Novem ber 2G. Entriea may be made oithsr with tho secre tary, Mr. James Perry, or with the secretary of tho V.R.C. in Melbourne. On Wednesday, despito tho continued strain on the pookets of sporting men, tho moeting of the Sydney Driving Park Club (the third pony raco meet ing during the week) was well attended, and the Boort was fairly good. Backers commenced woll as tho favorite in tho Eto Ete Handioap, Rosina won. j Dozy, although not actually tho favorito, was backed down to 2 to 1 for tho Moore P.rk Handicap, and won an excellent race by n, length from Lady, Lulu being third. The Auction Stakea were won by Wanderer, Lazy Girl suffering defoat on the post by a bead. Whit Wings won thc. Time Handicap Trot Tery easily, aud tho Handicap Galloway Hurdlo Race resulted in a groat raco between Safeguard and Mignonette ; tho former winning. The Club Handi cap was appropriated by Killaloo, Misa Trickett and Antares^ filling the plaoes. 