TRAVEL. VAMBERY DT PERSIA. FEW stories of travel are more interestng than those which Arminius Vambéry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Hungarian, but possessing an exceptional knowledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his inuiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself for months-to pàss fora genuine Dervish tic lûliis iiVây he inanaged to egions never beforevisiteaby à Éuropean, and acquired information that has proved ^ of the greatest value and interest, Having reached Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. Here, he says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly has one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. We commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour before setting out supper is eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, ke takes his keschkul (a vessel formed a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful ''jahui jabakh!" and with an assurance that is really wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After he has terminated his round he mixes all together, and he is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, no yet for his kitchen islurnislfed by God." From Kenaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Xuvir, of which the southern borders reach nearly to Sum. In the midst of it is the station Hauz-i-Sultan (the reservoir of the Sultan), which consists of a large caravanserai, to wliich a subterraneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted Kenaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert, the waste region- was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more romantic. The stillness of night, which in the great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipation that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Oentral Asia, led the eye to delight itself all the more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance frpm one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is conceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms lashed by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for he wrapped himself up in his burnous, thrust himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not yventure even to look out on the desert «««infl l|iin -X. • . • •-It wâBtowardffrrndnight, wh^^elfieaid 1 from -the distance & monotonous ring of bells, and, as I soon learned^ this was from a large caravan which had set out an hour before us., We redoubled our steps in order to overtake it ; but hardly had we advanced a hundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. The Persians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. A caravan of the dead, I thought, that is singular; and I hurried to my neighbour to get.an explanation. He called out to me, " Go on, go on," and after a powerful spurring of his little ass, already hard enough pressed, he came up to me as I was joining the aforesaid caravan, wliich consisted of ahout forty horses a^d mules, laden with coffins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up -with one of the riders. His nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet more ghastly by the moonlight In spite of the unendurable stench, I could' not help asking him some questions. The Arab told me that he had already conveyed these dead ten days, and had to conduct them for twenty days more before he could reach Keibela, the spot where these pious persons, who had died for the love of Imam Hussein, were permitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia; and whenever means permit, they order themselves to -be transported from tie distant Khorassan to Kerbek, to be placed in the same earth in which tie beloved Imam Hussein rests. When we had left tie caravan of tie dead with its choking odour far behind us, I turned to take a ^glance et .this weird procession. The beaste, ]aden with the Jonjg coffins, buried their hçads deep in their necks; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on with hollow cry. Such a sight, in whatever neighbourhood, would be gloomy enough, but in the centre of the desertrit was spmetiingiBdescribably mournful. -The corpses often became Persians have liought fit to maintain Uns | customforax hundred years. For whoever ixmps to Xerbela bas tbe sweet hope of tion in^heimmedlate ioeighbouAdodof the • boly martyr, and from henf$, çnder his çoMÛ^ôijjasnng tothe ever-green plainB of Paradise. We reached Hauz-i-Sultan just at the rise of the morning star, but nothing, of great importance befel us there. Early next morning Knm appeared in the distance with its many green cupolas, lie rich gilded one lightened by the raye-of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian ladies. Here zests F&tinra;, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in Mescbed, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The'high lady could not reach the goal_;of her wishes, for she feU-ill in Kèrbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. Kum is very poor in buildings, but, in spite of this, in the olden time it was a famous town. The neighbourhood is described as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys water hither from die adjacent hills. The water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the welL When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who bod come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State instructions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with -which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the caravanserai, I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversation with them, when one of my fellow-travellers called out to me, " Effendi, what are you about ? You have been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean Jew! Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes. The poor children of Israel noted my kindness to them, and many of them came out of their cells. They surrounded me in due form, and told me, all the while looking were food for for they were not permitted to do anything that required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with tears in his eyes, of the oppression the Jews suffered at the hands of the Persians, and with joyous glance he looked around as he described to me, the supposed Osmnnli, the mildness of the Sultans rule. He could not find words sufficiently expressive with which to bless the Sultan. The poor Israélite had no idea that, in that particular the moving spring of the noble action was western enlightenment alone. After two days we quitted Sum, and went a four hoUrs' ride on a desolate route, to the village of Lenkuan. The caravan encamped in the village itself, but I moved forward to a garden in the vicinity to spend the day. In the midst of th&gorden; is the little chapel of an Imamzade (descendant of an Iman). The graves of this Iman are very numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly .a tenth of them -are still honoured. And no wonder, for each .village, be it ever so little, must have its saint." 'Theyimprovise one, invent a legend and build a chapel on the bones of some famous hero. This is immediately decorated with green tiles. Grevn is the colour with which the holy posterity clothe the head during life.- Green therefore the House of the Graves must be. As I was resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravedigger approached. ~ Marvellous stories aid he tell of the dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," said he, "a Persian khan, who rested in this eame place, and in a drunken condition, wished to betake himself afterwards to the interior, when he sunk, down, suddenly struck by paralysis. " Ay, EfEendi," he continued, " one must not sport with a saint." H$s look was full of gravity he related the tale, yet he very soon made me understand that he expected a.few pence, and when I. handed them to him, he immediately went away. Our resting-place in Kuhrud, a little village of three hundred housed, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite tie Tschaparchane (post-office), which, as everywhere in Persia, consists of a one-storied building, of which the upper stray is, nevertheless, only used as a chamber for distinguished travellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the village and sought ont the post-office, in tie upper guest chamber of which my attention was-directed to a striking number of pencilled «crawls in a European language. In a corner I read a French quatrain, written by a fiery son of Gaul, wno, after a fatiguing ride, had stopped to rest here a fèw minutes. He described his home sorrow with words full of w»e, and indulged bitterest wrath at disappointments arising from the poetical descriptions of Persia. Not far thence on the walls, ! discovered come pointed longshanked fsharactere, in which a bravç Teuton wilhed to immortalise himself; aiy| what do you suppose, dear reader, he haçl written on tie wall ? a critique on tbefopt verses of the Frenchman—oçd a pretty sharp one, too. The poor "honest German ! The worn-ant ters hod shaken bones to rùied $0 repose, and had not enough to leave behind hïm an eviof the well- known solid information of bis fatherland. —- From Kahrud tie road ieâfls Kip liill and theç^teèon^eotier^^^^to'vil^^of ; Sofia the nearest station. A large part of our journey lying over lie hilly neighbourhood, the «any morn was not only cool» |igt cold and frosty, here and there, and A kind of resinous i in green condition, a crackling flame. As by that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a lond quarrelling, and with this mingled wfld shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-aims, accompanied by a wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the spot whence found one of our earth with his auu " " " " horsemen who from SMraz to Teheran on the part -of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish merchants, -who joined ns in Kuhrud ; they mocked them tint, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A from pity for his < wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirari with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened ; and as our people had made a few steps in &dvance;,-he wished, for an innocent joke as he'said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. He shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of, a Persian. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole party, ana though the miscreant galloped off as fast as his horse could carry him, ne was caught, and-beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Sliirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfahani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walking. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar conversé with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though for better than found elsewhere. After So'f, our last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefevi, was a village named Murtschechar. Here the country magistrate" in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to. free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set ont on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of ..all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan you can discover traces or its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (theCaravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontestably in its day the most splendid building of its kind: . As the town m the early autumn meming was covered with a kind of mist, I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbale that these same birds are _found in thé neighbourhood of Herat,- îiischabur, and other towns, proving that it fwas a custom in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite birds. At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but especially the Isfahani, when he speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, " If Lahore bad noti&d; birth, Isfahan were half the earth." Isfahan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest town in the world after Lahore. To indicate the circumference of the town, the Persians'state , that a good rider could not ride round it in two days. This is probably sixteen to twenty faseaigs ; yet tire city wall itself, in its blooming period when the French traveller Chardin saw it, was only six German miles , in circumference, and when -we take in tie detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the Persian is but Oriental, or -what we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents iteelFfirst to the eyes of travellers, is* really imposing. .From the east to the west there is an end' less chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, tawçrs, and other high buildings ape visible. The view seems illimitable, Nothing," says Malcolm, *< can exceed the fertility and beauty of the country in the vicinity of Isfahan, and tie first view of tie city is surpassingly striking. All tie eye sees enraptures ones sense. Groves, avenues, luxuriant gardens, —of these there is such an absolute overflow as hidès the ruins of this once famous city. _ The nearer view weakens iifc pression, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great admiration." In tie-East «II is beautiful, but onlv externally, ind in the distance. -So I wits not la the te&Stsurprised; when on entering the town I fopnd the same crooked streets, the sawe poor bosses, the same dirt and tilth and /qnmsndad streets as in Tehemn and «U Persia states, - . To one man marriage is tiruply a fact of his life looked hack upon with satisfaction or regret, according to the pleasure or discomfit he has experienced in itt to another it bas opened up a new world of respo^i biftty and dnty, as well as happivds ; has invested life with a f^cKgi truiÇâhâ % priceless value, and bas gtvèp a h^her agd nobler ay» 1 $or Sjjl endeavour than eeula "OUT WID UT," SEZ I, "OB I'LL LiVE NO BONE AV YOU TOfBBEAKABLF. 