CRUMBS. Obituary—3fo' Thomas Cowan, ex-M-P. Hugh Gilmoiir gave political parsons a nasty knock. rWbat will the Bankers say if the wool is not Bhoro? Victoria annexed our marriageable young | people. "Victoria boasts high marriage and death per centages. Thi6 is the only place where no shipping is going on. The train reductions are nothing'to what are threatened. ' A deterioration of men and manners in this J Parliament. It cannot be too often stated that theofficers hod grievances. Mr Champion is the thorn in the flesh of the labour party. , Stations on the South line are blocked with ; flux and firewood. Labour .Conference talks of calling out l 100,000 Unionists. The time has arrived for trotting out pheno menal wheat stalks. Better to have loved a short girl than never to have loved a tall. People in the Hills must go to Church on J Sunday. Ho trains. What is free labour? asks Dr. Cockburn. Hot smart, but petty. _ Unionism will come out of the trial as gold from a refiner's furnace. If labour employs capital, it must still give its managers a nee hand. Shipowners are going to run the blockade at Port Adelaide next week. Broken Hill miners find it hard to believe that they have not been boycotted. Without generosity the Shipowners will turn public sympathy sour against them. Why is a caterpillar like a loaf of bread ? Because its the grub that makes the butter fly. A member of Parliament's brother was to have had a billet if—but the Ministry did not last. Mr. J. Roberts with over a million friends in his pocket will not be wanting a few at his back. South Australia gets in a funic about a sub ject, legislates in a hurry, and then takes time I to repent. Travellers are saying strong things about Government knock-kneedness as to getting railwaycoal. The Bill, to plunder the American public by increased protection was read a third time with a majority of 19. Eleanor CNeil, aged 9^ years, charged in Melbourne with the murder of a younger sister through jealousy. It seems a shame to be taking the bread from the nearly starved people of England to eup port a quarrel of this land. If the Protector is lost during one of the toning missions the Treasurer in office will hav a miserable time of it. Adelaide Tribe Hative Hames.—Coerakee, cockatoo; Cooyar fish; Condolle, a whale; J Boaker, old; Coomandee, one. The Victorian Government, according to the , Melbourne Herald, is paying £3,000 per day for its armed force in Melbourne. It is misleading to say our indebtedness is £62 19s. 7d. per head when so much of it relates to railways, paying over 4 per cent, net. There are in France 53,843 persons deeo- J rated with the ribbon of the Legion of Honour, and of these 21,827 persons are I civilians. There are nearly 200 cigar manufactories in j Havana, some employing over 400 hands. Each factory is taxed £1 a year for every man employed. What is the difference between a man who i beats his wife and the ship officers on strike? The man strikes his mate, but the mates strike j themselves. Newcastle has 7,000 unemployed, Barrier 9,000, Sydney 9,000, Melbourne 3,500, South Australia 1,000, and other places, say 2,500; total 32,000. The & M. Herald says the most conservative employer in Australia would gladly accept the j terms of the extreme Unionist of England— Mr. Champion. The Militia men will not be able tooome from the Hills to drill exoept by remaining in town over Saturday and Sunday and losing i time on Monday. I The cost of the Parnell Commission to the ] Times newspaper is put down at £150,000. This may be a mere guess, but it cannot lie far I short of the actual fact. Employing a steam-hammer to pound a fly is harmless amusement to sending the Pro tector among rocks to tow a vessel a tenth or i twentieth of her value. By examining the tongue of a patient a physician discovers the disease of the body, and by the some process a philosopher dis covers the disease of the mind. " I have nothing but my heart to give you," said a spinster to a lawyer who gained a suit ] for her. " Well," said the lawyer, gruffly, "go to my clerk; he takes the fees." Adelaide Tribe Hative Hames.—Pooleelchee , polelchee, four; Pappa, bov under 21; Euretcha, second male child; Moonarta, third j daughter; Kertarnya, first daughter. The last sick strike problem:—If a clock strikes six times in thirty seconds, how long j will it take to strike twelve ? It will take many more than a minute to answer oorreetly. The P. M. Budget tells the story, with capital illustrations, of a romance of wealth by an interview with Mr. Knox in oonneotioa with his mission about the British Broken Hill. Adelaide Tribe Hative Names.—.Moonta wangarn, no good, false;. Moontoo, not, hungry; Oritchlnga, enough; Paloonee, dead;. Teecomee, sit down; lidnatillpin, tie by the leg. A prisoner indicted for murder applied for his £200 worth of jewellery which had been inconsiderately taken from him by the police. He wants to be defended, and there are his , means. The Hon. Duncan Gillies, Premier of Vici toria, is the third son of Mr. Duncan Gillies, market gardener, Overnewton, and left Glas- | gow, a well-educated man, for the gold diggings in 1855. Edith—"Oh, mamma, what a monstrous, i horrid-looking beetle? It makes me Bhudder | to look at him." Mamma—" Why, my dear, it's exactly like that gold one you wear for a j breast-pin." The inertness of the South Australian Go vernment has annoyed the capitalists; but if j many employershere have to be dragged by the hair of the head into union for their own de fence, what can they expect? Mr. Henry Dutton, of Anlaby, has intimated to the Kapunda Hospital Committee his wil- i fineness to hand over the legacy of £2,500, less haif per cent, instead of at a future time, as empowered by the will of his late uncle. The other legacies will probably be treated simi larly. . ■ A lady who advertised one _ day in a morning newspaper for a housemaid states that the first letter she opened was to the following effect:—Mrs. C. D. presents her compliments to A. B., and will thank her, when she has obtained a suitable servant, to forward the other letters to the enclosed address, Mrs. C. D. being in want of a servant. Euripgjuly there were launched from Scotch shipbuilding yards 28 vessels, representing 18,800 tons, the Clyde total being 16,765 tons* Compared with previous months, this produc tion shows a marked falling-off. Very fear contracts were booked during the month, the work on hand aggregating 209,000 tons, as against 300j000_tons at thebeginningof the year. Genius is irrepressible, and not easily daunted because it lacks appreciation. It is continually astonishing the world with fresh exploits; and there is little fear that its pro gress will be stayed by obstacles of any sort. Still, it could be wished that the recognition and the commendation of every effort to benefit mankind were more general and hearty than they are. A close observer of the habits of bees may forecast the weather with constant success. On the approach of a storm they hurry home ward, though the heavens may seem (dear and rainless. If in the morning they leave home with a strong flight and do not return soon, it is a clear sign that the day will be fine, for if bad weather were at hand tho bees would re main near their home. "His Honor—What bail do you offer. Mr. Henderson—£500. His Honor—I will not take £500. Mr. Henderson—A thousand then. His Honor—I man might, for the sake of his wife and family, be quite willing to take eighteen months in gaol for £7,000 or £8,000. I don't say it iB so, but I have a suspicion. If I could take bail for £5001 would be glad to do so, because I don't think I should see him again. I would be rid of him." That's Judge fioucaut on Adoook. Wife (to newly made husband)—"Now, Charles, this is our honeymoon, and while it lasts we must contrive to extract all the sweet ness we can out of it. We must remember life is short and honeymoons are shorter." Newly made husband, interrupting—" My dear, let us hope that happiness will perch upon our banner and stay there." Wife (looking at him pityingly)^-" Charles, this is your first -ex perience in this line, while X may as well confess to you that it is my third; and I'm the better judge." A writer in London Truth says:—" It was rumoured at Lord's during the progress of the England and Australian match recently, that Dr. Barrett, the 'stonewall' batsman of the colonists, is going to Cambridge as an under graduate, and that efforts will, be made to obtain ah appointment in a Bristol Bank of equal value to the one he holds in Sydney for Mr. Ferris, tho successful left-hand bowler, in order that his valuable crioket services may be available for Gloucestershire, which is at present so weak in that department of tho game." The habitual drunkard in Norway or Sweden renders himself liable to imprisonment for his love of strong drink, and during his incarcera tion he is required' to submit to a plan of treat ment for the cure of his failing, which is said to produce marvellous results. The plan consists in making the delinquent subsist entirely on bread and wine. The bread is steeped in a bowl of wine for an hour or more before the meal is served. The first day the habitual toper takes bis food in this shape without repugnanoe; the seoond day he finds it less agreeable to his palate; finally he positively loathes the sight of it. Experience snows that a period of from eight to ten days, of this regi men is generally more than sufficient to make a man evince the greatest aversion to anything in the shape of wine. Many men after their incarceration become total abstainers. Memorabilia.—Cromwell, having been twice repulsed, took the town of Drogbeda by assault September 11, 1649, and a general massacre was permitted during five days. In bis despatch that "mighty man of valour" wrote—"I believe we put to the Bword the whole number of the defendants ; this is a marvellous great mercy." But the "defen dants" thought otherwise, and the noes had it by an immense majority. Obituaries.—Sir Arthur Aston was a mili tary commander in the service of Charles L, and at the Battle of Edgehill he three times defeated the Earl of Essex. , Some years later he broke his leg, but it did not break his heart. His leg was amputated and buried; with the usual obsequies. After the death of "Chawles" the Oneth, Aston was appointed Governor of Drog beda, which town, having, fallen before Cromwell's army, Aston's brains were beaten out with his wooden leg!—Some of our octo genarian readers may remember that one David Kicardo made his mark at the beginning of the present century. He was a Jew by birth, a Christian by conversion, a wealthy citizen by accumulation, a member of Parliament by election, a clever debater on finance, and the author of several works on political economy, taxation, &c.; Died September 11,1823, aged fifty-one. Memorabilia.—The marriage of Edward L and of Margaret of France, his seoond spouse, came off—we beg pardon, was solemnized—at Canterbury, September 12, 1299. No cards. —Christopher Columbus sailed from St. Domingo, September 12, 1504. The crazy and shattered barque bore his crazy and shattered body now 64 years old, back to Spain in Bafety, - where for two mortal years he lingered {out the rest of his existence in neglect, poverty, and pain.—John Sobieski gave the vast Turkish army a, tremendous pep pering beneath the walls of Vienna, September 12, 1683. He then sent a despatch to hiB Queen stating that the Grand Vizier had made him his sole executor, including 70,000 corpses. Kind, wasn't it? Obituaries.—Human life was not considered of much value, except by its individual posses sor, during the first fewcenturies of theChristian era, Marcus Aurelius Numerianus, being Em peror of Rome, was, of oourse, assassinated. His obliging father-in-law — oue Arius. Aper — kindly relieved him of the burden of life, September 12, 284, in return for whichl the Praetorian soldiers dis- - patched Aper to the land of " shadows, clouds*, and darkness."—Pope Innocent VI. expired September 12, 1362, in the tenth year of his pontificate. He was a man of extensive erudi tion, genuine piety, , and great liberality.—Jean Phillippe, a I rench musician, died September 12,1764, aged eighty-one. As an executist he had to play seoond fiddle to lots of his contem poraries, but on aooountof his profound insight into the principles of musical science be was called the Newton of Musio." Obituaries.—Sir John Cheke, who died Sep tember 13, 1557, was a learned Englishman, who was first Professor of Greek at Cambridge in the reign of Edward VL, and the author of a number of learned works. He laboured earnestly and successfully to reform .the pre vailing pronunciation of the Greek language. Our rhyming Crumbater wrote these lines last week:— "Thestupid students who were learningGrcek When puzzled had the cheek to go to Cheke. Fined five shillings for using abusive language. Memorabilia.—-This is what that antiquarian has to say re the Roman Capitol" Its dedi cation fell to Horatius Pul villus by lot in the Third Consulate upon this day (September 13), about the full moon of the Greek month, Meta ritnion, B.C. 507. As supreme Praetor, he drove She first annual nail in the wall of the temple, next the fane of Minerva; so that the Ides of September (when the auguries were taken for appointing the Magistrates) may be considered the foundation of the republican era as well as historical epoch embracing remoter periods." ' There now, art thou not greatly edified, O, Memorabilia.—That quaint old antiquarian, who, considering the unusual length of his (y)ears, may be excused fornot knowing better, writes thusly" The grand Autumnal Feast of Tabernacles—the Hosannah of Seven Days, ' began on the 14th evening of the month TisrL The booths were to be formed of the branches j of particular trees, as the citron, the palm, the ' myrtle, the willow, and occasionally of those 1 goodly trees the olive and the pine. The citron was an emblem of the righteous, the 1 willow of the wioked, as the palm was a type of the hypocrite, and the myrtle of those who perform good works without the law. This, the first day, was observed as a Sabbath, the rest were devoted to feasting and merriment." —The first balloon ascent in England was made by Vinoent Lunardi, an Italian, Septem ber 15, 1784, who found his way from Moor fields to Ware, in Hertfordshire. He is re ported to have said,'"We (himself and little dog) found the road in excellent repair, but when we arrived at Ware we were not aware where we were." Obituaries.—Sir Thomas Overbury died September 15, 1613. When in Scotland he made the acquaintance of Robert Carr, and the worthy pair went to London. A pretty tale of scandal is related of them while there. This is about the size of it. Carr was created Viscount Rochester, .and Overbury was knighted by JmnesX _He subsequently assisted who had married when quite a child, ana afterwards conducted herself in an infamously lioentious manner. But at a later period he opposed the proposal of Carr to obtain a divorce of the Earl and Countess, and then many the latter, with such acrimony that the Countess offered £1,000 for his assassination. Overbury on some pretext was sent to the Tower, where it is believed he was poisoned. Two years afterwards the circumstances of his death were discovered, and Carr, now Earl of Somerset, with his wife, the former Countess of Essex, were arrested, charged with being implicated in Overbury's murder. James is said to have kissed his favourite at parting,1 but when he had left the apartment, exclaimed, "Now the deil go with thee, for I will never see thee more." They were found guilty, but received the Royal pardon. Obituaries.—What funny, and even wioked thingB were done in the dark ages in the name of religion! Pope Martin I. died September . 16, 655, and this is what that biographer says about him:—"He suooeeded Theodore m 649\. He held a CounCil at Rome at which the heresy of the Monothelites was condemned. This, giving offenoe to! thB Emperor Con stantius, he caused Martin to be sent to Constantinople, whence he was removed to the Crimea, where he died of ill- usage like a dog."—Charles V. of France, surnamed the Wise, "shuffled off this mortal coil" Septem ber 16, 1380. He distinguished himself by j restoring the declining commerce of the coun- . try, gaining several victories over the English, founding the Royal Library of Paris, and erecting the Bastile. . I Memorabilia.—The famous wager of battle between Henry, Duke of Lancaster, and Thomas,' Duke of Norfolk, took place at Coventry September 16, 1398, and yon know Richard XL pronounced sentence of banish ment against the pair. If jyou don't know it read Shakspeare's Richard 11. Aot I. Scene 3. It may teach you a thing or two.—Arabella Stuart was'the daughter of Charles Stuart, , Duke of Lennox, youngest brother of Henry, | Lord Darnley,. husband of Mary, Queen Of Scots, the daughter of James V. of Sootland and father of James I. of England, the father i of Charles I., whose mother was Anne, daugh-: ter of the King of Denmark. What relation 1 was Arabella to the father of the Ring of Den mark! You give it up!,' Well never mind. But this'is what .she wrote, September 16, 1603-"If'there ever were snob a virtue as courtesy at,the Court I marvel what isbeoome of it, for I protest T see little or none of it but in the Queen Elizabeth, who, ever sinoe her coming to: Newbury, hath spoken to her people as she passeth, and receiveth their prayers with thanks and .thankful countenance, bare faced, to the great contentment of native and foreign pSople." ■ ! Memorabilia.—This is what Dr. Johnson wrote, September 17,1778, while in the High- " lands:—'' I sat'down on a bank, such as a writer of romance might have- delighted to feign. The day was calm, the air was soft, ana all was rudeness, silence, and solitude. ; Before me and on either side were high bills,' which, by hindering the eye from'ranging, 1 forced the mind to find entertainment tor it- j self. Whether I spent the hour well I know j not, for here I first conceived the thought of this narrative."—The famouB Constitution of j the United States was drawn up and sub scribed by the Convention September 17,1787. Obituaries.—That famous Swiss reformer,; Henri Bullinger, departed this life September 17, 1575, aged seventy-one. In 1528 he co operated with Zwingli in disseminating the i doctrines of the Reformation, and the neixt j year he married a nun, by whom he came into possession of eleven little Bullingers. In 1531 the Catholics made Bern to bum too hot! for huh, bo he went to Zunich. He was distinguished for piety and moderation. His chief work was a "History of the Reformation."—Cardinal Robert Francis Romulus Bellarmine gave up the ghost Sep-' tember 17, 1621, aged seventy-rune. Hts writings are numerous and chiefly polemical, though he was anything but a man of war; on the contrary, he was accustomed to say "an ounce of peace is worth a pound of viotory." His name is enrolled in the. records of the just. —The name of .Philip IV. of Spain isn't. That biographer says:—" He was infirm in body and mind, cowardly, moroBe, and super-' stitious." But he had . the good manners to relieve the world of his presence September 17, 1665. 