PRESBYTERIAN FEDERAL ASSEMBLY. i VVBDNKRDAV, JANUARY 15. Tho Fourth Session of tho Federated Presbyterian Church of Australia mid Tas- mania waB opened in tho St. Auttrow's ! Churoh, liatburst-stroot, at 7.30 o'olouk. About 50 of the fathers and brethren of tho Assembly wero in attondanco, and at tho ' hour named the Moderator, the Rev. Alex- ander Hay, D.D., of Rockhampton, oponed the prooocdinga with public woiabip, there ¡ ' being present a fairly largo congregation. Sneoial hymns wore sung und lessons read, I following willoh Tho MODEBATOM proaohed tho following sermon : The jirosont truth, 2 Peter, i., 12. What was tho meaning wbioh tho Apostlo intondodi to convoy in theso word.?? Ev posjtora aro divided on tho aiiBtvor to bo given i to this question; The rendering given in tho rovisod version, " the truth which ¡s with you," is hardly moro definite ' than that of tho older vorsion wus before ÜB. Tho nearest equivalent to tho curt and compaot phraao in tho original is " the truth iwhioh is bosido you." Tho phraao is go briol anti vaauo in itselt as to admit ot a varioty of applications.1 Dean Alford and many others refer it to tho truth sot forth ja tho preaobing of tho ApoBtloi, in thoir testimony of what thoy had soon, what thoy had hoard, and their hands had handled, of ! tho word of lifo. That truth was prcsont with thoso to whom Peter WBB writing, and ' who'had1 obtained like precious faith with hime'olf. It had boon brought near to thom In the oral Instruction of their inspired teachers, as it is brought near to us on the pages of the Gospels and tho Epistles, Others regard " tho present truth " of tho Apostle as tho truth he had been inculcating in the preceding verses-tho Divine power,. mercy, and beneficence dis- played in their deliverance from tho cor- ruption of tho world, and the obligation to add to tho fundamental principle of faith ' tho various practical graces of tho Christian character, as tho proof of their calling and tho pledge of tho fulfilment of tho Divine promises in their complete salvation. With all respect to the high -authority of Alford, who says, "The words,' tho present truth,' given wrong idea to tho English reader, seeming to mean ' tho truth at present under, notice' " I cannot help regarding , this, "the truth at present under notice," as a legitimate and fair representation of tho Apostolic meaning. He desired to put them always In remembrance of those things-the things of which he had been speaking-and that, although they already knew them, and had embraced tho truth of which those things were tho timely and fitting expres- sion. It is only a slight modification of^this idea-a mere generalising of it-to take ' "the prosout truth" ns roforring* to the truth which for tho timo being is of chief importance, which ia brought into promi- nence through tho circumstances of the time now present, and which therefore claims our first attention, becomes in short "the present truth," tho truth whose vindica- tion or dissemination ls specially required by our present surroundings. In this sense I purposo using tho words of tho tott in the sequel of this discourse. Tho Church is " tho pillar and ground of the truth." As in some classic temple of olden times on whose frieze and pediment in panoramic sculpture, may be read tho legend of tho deeds of tho fabled heroes and demigods of ages older still, so the Church is at onco tho broad and solid foundation, and the range of stately columns whioh boar aloft tho f storied entablaturo on whioh is displayed to tho world in high und enduring rohuf tho life and mission of Jesus of Nazareth. A tiue idea of tho piuco and functions of the Church, is essential to tho efleotivo per- formance of its work. Tho foundation ia not laid for tho exhibition of its massiv o salidity and strength, but for tho support of tho superstructure that rests upon it. The column is not roared for tho mero dis- play of its graceful fluting or Ita floral capital, but to sustain und exhibit the glories of tho moiildingB and sculptures of tho pedlmout and the ? frieze. So the Church exists not for Itself neither , Bololy, for its own members, nor for ita forma of polity, or of worship, nor for , tho placo or dignity or power of ita minis- ters. It exista for tho world around it. Tho Word of Christ is, ¡ndeod, to dwell visibly in its members in all wisdom, and thoy uro to teach and admonish one another, and so provoke one another unto love nad to good works. But tho final cause, the ultimate object, of tho Church's existence, is ex pressed in the command of its risen and glorified Head, " Go yo into all tho world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.' it exists for the world, its work is lin the world, and tho direction of its efforts Is to bo determined by tho wants of tho world, as these unfold themselves in the ever-changing exigencies of tho times. The truth of which the Church is tho pillar and ground is one', but it is manifold in its elements and in its applications. It was given to tho world by ' divers portions and in divers manners as the needs of men and the wisdom of God de- termined, but its message to man is ever the same -to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with his God. The truth is still one, but it is not always tho same element or phase of it that claims from men chief attention. Tho sunlight is ono-it is colourless in tho fulness and intensity of Ita effulgence. But pasa a beam of that light through tho prism, and it comes forth spread out into a band that glows with all tho colours of tho rainbow, the spectrum of tho astronomer and tho chemist. TIHHO diverse rays discharge diverso functions in tho economy of nature, Tho bright hues of the centre of tho spectrum are peculiarly those of illumination. From tho ruddy iuys at tho one end of the iridescent band comes the genial warmth that quiokonB both plant and animal. From tho deep vista of tho other eud comes tho ohomical energy that imprints tho piotura on the sensitlsou plates of tho photographor. So it is with tho light of truth-" tho light of tho knowlodgo of tho glory of God iu the face of Jesus Christ -Milton's " holy light, offspring of hoavon first-born, and tho otornal co otornal beam ;" yet it is, like its counterpart and symbol in tho natural world, manifold in its elements, manifold in its influcnoo and applications, It ia the part of the . Church to discern tho ' faco of the sky, to noto tho timos and seasons, and to ondeavour to Bhod upon society around it, as tho wants of the world rcquiro light, tho warmth, the ' power, the transforming influcnoo, whioh ' aro embodiod in tho truth. Nor ' has tho Church in tho past boon alto- gether disobedient to the heavenly oall to this duty.» Her history reveals tho pro tean faculty ,with which error clothes itself in varied and novel forms, and at tho sumo timoi tho power of tho Churoh to evolve tho resourcos of tho truth to meet them, Against the heresies of tho earliest Christian ages, which impugned the true humanity of tho Re- deemer, she testified with trumpet tongue that "tho word was made flesh and dwelt ' among us full of grace and truth." In days ''but a little later, as in days which are yet recent, she has had to make tho divinity of her Lord tho battle cry in her warfare with the aliens As ages roll on, and superstition and credulity grow and prevail, tho Lord our Righteousness, mighty to save, is cast down from his throne in the midst of his Church, and the voice of a Luther is lifted, to pro claim salvation through faith in Him whose name alone is given under heaven by which we may be saved, and the voice of a Calvin to cast down tho vain imagina- tions' and pride of man, and to exalt ' at 'once the sovereignty ' of God, and his unbought and undeserved mercy to sinful man. The liberty into which the Reformation had brought tho children of God was again imperilled, and our Puritan and Covenanting forefathers, armed with tho sword of tho spirit and tho shield of tho faith, and at times wielding, not with out justification and honour, material weapons of an earthly warfare, stand for ward to vindicate their claim to the heritage of free men, A few generations come and go, and tho paralysing chill of a vain formalism, or of a fruitless orthodoxy, or of Christianity without a divine Christ, again falls upon the Church and the world, and a Whitfield, a Wesley, a Cook, a Chalmers, are raised up in divinely given response to the cry of the times to give life to its dead forms of worship to frustrate its abstract and inert theological systems into love and good works, and to restore to the Church a Saviour clothed in the might of tho Godhead as well us with the suffer ings and moved with the sympathies of man " Tho present truth ' of those bygone ages and crises in tho history of tho Church, tho truth that met the wants of tho time, was tho one truth as it is in Jesus, that truth which, like tho love "~ of God, of which it Is the expression, has a r 1 length, a breadth, a height, a depth, which passeth knowledge. Whatever the form | hat truth may assume, its inspiration and ita csscneo is the " ono old, old story of JeaiiB and His lovo." It is a strain that has boon echoed and ro-cohoed from generation to generation, and under whoso aiidlcas har monioB and modulations there eau ovei b' recognised the grand melody of tho angels' song at Bethlehem- " Glory to God in the highest, and on o.irtli peaoo, goodiwill towards men," But our own times, our own Chuich, and our ownsulvos huvo thoir "pro j sont truth," that presaos itself or. our attention, and cluims our earnest considera- tion -tho present truth in Christian doctrine, tho present truth in Christian practicoe. Assembled as we are an representatives of a section of the Church of Christ in these colonies-assembled to deliberate, not merely [on the measures willoh shall best' promote tho interests of the scetion of the Church to whioh we belong, but on the measures also whioh shall best promoto tho common work of tho Churoh in lill its seutious, the question of questions which we are here called to answer is, what is " tho present trnth for us?" And whether we confine our view by our own borders, or extend it over society around us, that question resolves itself into this : What is the message which God has now given us to deliver? Tho answer is to bo found in tho condition and in tho demands of tho Church and tho world around us. To tho Churoh has been committed tho oracles of Cod. Those oracles-to use the language of our catechism-principally teach what man is to bollava concerning God, and what duty God requires of man." The great outstand- ing fact in regard to tho former part of the teaching of Scripture is, that very much of what tho Church has hitherto taught men to believe concerning God, is now represented as crude and childish, distorted, and false, Tho logic of Augustine and of Caloin, the eloquence of Chrysostom and Bernard, the goal of Luther, of Knox, of Wesley, and their compeers and successors, have all been thrown away—worse than thrown away— in repeating a story which is either a myth or a fiction, in discussing dogmas which are mere metaphysical ab- stractions, in building up a temple and filling it with idols, which tho iconoclastic zeal and scorn of modern enlightenment will ere long level with the ground. Tho old religions are dead. Many of those that survive are to be tolerated as harmless, if not useful, super- stitions. Christianity is in tho decrepitude of old age, about to breath its last, and to be buried out of sight. The duly qualified physicians of the world, its men of science, have met around its bed, have felt its pulse, have measured its vitality, and have pro- nounced it hopelessly moribund, and have helped to make tho fatal issue sure by tell- ing tho patient plainly that the end is close at hand. Within the Church itself there are movements going forward that betoken dis- satisfaction with things us they are, move- ments professedly directed not against tho essence of tho faith, but against its details ; not against the truth to he believed, but against the formulas in which it is to be ex- pressed. Those miserable symbols in which our forefathers, I will not say embalmed, for tho dead alone is embalmed, but crystal lined ; their views of the touching of Scrip- ture, for the crystal may be dissolved, its substance reliquified and run into a fresh mould ; those symbols are by not a few, re- garded us having served their day, They represented and expressed the truth as it was present to tho men in tho days in which they were made, but they go beyond, or they fall short of tho faith, tho longings, tho aspirations, the hopes of tho present time. Tho scientific spirit—the spirit that will have nothing to do but with facts, and the clear teachings of facts—is in tho very air. It will no longer confine itself to the discovery and classification or tho phenomena of the material world, or to the phenomena of mental operations ; it insists on subject- ing religion and all that pertains to it to relentless scrutiny. The sacred books of Christianity have been put under tho same rigid examination as those of tho re- ligion of Mahommed, of Zoroaster, of Buddha, of Confucius. Their authorship, their credibility, their authority, have been canvassed as freely as have been those of any clerical historian or poet. Their teach ings have been tested by comparison with tho intuitions and deductions of reason and truth, the inductions of physical science. The result with many has been the casting off of tho old moorings, and their drifting forth without rudder or sail over a sea of doubt, if not of despair. Tho old refuge, tho shadow of the great " Rock of Ages," is gone, and they find themselves in a weary land with no landmark on the horizon, and no track to be seen to guide their footsteps, and no spring of water to quench their thirst, Here then is a present truth for the Church. How is she to deal with this present truth ? It is not enough to prate about " science falsely so-called." It serves no purpose to de- nounce the socialism of self-named scientists. Nor does it get rid of tho difficulty to say that science and religion have different spheres and follow different methods, and must therefore leave one another severely alone. That is precisely what they will not do and cannot do. The ostrich hides its head from its hunters and imagines it is safe. The scientific spirit cannot ignore the Scriptures and religion, and tho religious world cannot ignore or neglect science. People are apt to be frightened with high sounding names. " Words," said Bacon, " are the counters of wise men, and money of fools." What is science but the right application of reason to the examination, tho definition, the classification, and tho ex position of facts. There is nothing that comes within tho range of man's bodily or mental vision that lies beyond its sphere. Tho heavens above, the earth beneath, the sanctuary of man's own inner being, tho mystery of godli- ness itself, are all tho objects of science— science truly so called. Science therefore is to be met with science. The Church is not to entrench itself within an iron wall of authority. It is not to stifle tho spirit of inquiry. Tho glorious liberty of tho children of God embraces as its very essence tho right to free thought—not tho free thought which consists in blindly subscribing to tho ipse dixit of some prominent agnostic or materi- alist, but tho free thought of him who thinks for himself. Reverence for tho oracles of God, unless based upon a rational apprecia- tion of their contents, and tho grounds on which they claim our confidence is not religion ; it is superstition. If tho Universe is tho work of an intelligent Creator, science will in the long run make this plain, If tho Scriptures are tho oracles of God,their claim to universal acceptance will assuredly be established, It is matter for congratulation that science and religion are shaking hands, if not yet over the solution of their diffi- culties and differences, at least over tho methods by which in both fields tho truth is now being taught, And it is matter also of congratulation in tho Church itself that the honest seeker after truth is no longer ostra cised from citizenship in the city of tho living God, is no longer regarded as having denied the faith and become worse than an infidel. "In essentials unity, in non essentials liberty and in all things charity," is a maxim which those who have followed Augus- tine's faith have not always followed his practice, but which now, thank God, we are at length beginning to make a practical working rule of life, " Great is truth, and it will prevail," should be tho watchword of the Church. Phases of truth which in past ages have stood in tho very front of the Church's faith may have to retire to a secondary place. Others which hitherto have been left out of sight are coming, and may come more and more, into prominence. Prejudices that have passed for beliefs will 'be dispelled. High names will lose their worshippers ; and more authority in re- ligious doctrine will find itself scorned and, set aside. Men will insist on proving all things, and holding fast only that which is good. " The present truth " of tho Church, then is tho department of belief, and searching is not this or that doctrine or dogma, but rather tho importance of tho' method in which truth is to be sought' and to be presented. "Tho lines on which religion and science are moving may at tho present moment seem to be divergent, or at best but parallel. It cannot be always so. Religion is destined to become more scientific, and science to become more religious, and the lines of their progress must con- verge and meet, and there reason and faith will unite their voices and proclaim-" The Lord God omnipotent relgneth, and tho kingdoms of this world havo become the kingdoms of our Lord and of Ilia Christ, and ho shall reign for ever and ever." But tho Church is placed in the world, and it exists for tho world. Tho grand function is that of a teacher of " tho duty which God requires of man." What, then, is "tho present truth " for her in this respect ? A mere glance over tho face of society at the present moment is sufficient to answer this question, Tho world now lives in a glass house, Tho old fable of tho spirit who carried his mortal protege over field and foil, over hamlet and village and town, unroofing as he went the dwellings of men, and un- veiling the hidden life of each household, has become almost a historical reality. The Press, with its hundred eyes and ears, and its daily chronicle of the sayings and doings of men, has shed a searching and lurid light upon tho social life of the modern world. There have been times when only tho deeds of tho great and noble have been deemed worthy of record, and when tho virtues, tho wisdom, the crimes, and tho follies of the profane and vulgar have passed away into oblivion without notice or record. It is not so now. As in these colo- nies, with they sunny skies and their genial atmosphere, men live in the open air physically, so also may they be said to live morally. Nothing is done in a corner. The deed that is done in darkness is ruthlessly dragged forth into tho light ; and the word spoken in secret is proclaimed on tho house- top. The cursory observer is therefore apt to say, " The former days were better than these." Possibly they were, nay, probably, in some respecte. But this is of no moment, so, long as the present days are so far from being what they ought to be. What revela tions do tho dally papers bring 'to us of the follies and crimes and sorrows of tho world around us ? The broad sheet that is laid on tho table with our morning meal furnishes food for sad and solemn thought to every mind that is animated by Christian prin- ciple, and moved by tho love of mankind, The great drink traffic, with its countless allurements and traps for the young, the unwary, and tho weak, claims a large space for tho record of tho crimes, tho sufferings, and the griefs of which it is tho cause. Foul deeds of impurity that mark with a bar sinister the name and reputation even of tho noblest in the land, that seek their hiding places in the darkness of tho midnight streets, daily stain the page of tho journal and poison tho minds of young and old with de basing images and corrupting suggestions, Those manly sports, so noble in themselves and so fitted to ennoble the young, and to secure tho blessing of "a sound mind in a Hound body," are degraded into mercenary speculations, and made the occasion of proj fessional and amateur gambling. The "debt of honour" incurred at tho card table or on the racecourse turns tho trusted custodian of tho wealth and welfare of the widow 'and tho orphan into a thief, and brands him with tho mark of a felon, if it bring not upon him tho curse of Cain. The greed of gain that inflates the bubble com pany and sets it floating abroad in tho air decked in tho bright yet false rainbow hues of hope and promise—the selfish tyranny that grinds the face of tho poor, and which even the poor man sometimes displays to- wards his poorer fellow—tho disregard of the rights of his neighbour to be seen in all ranks of life— the short measure, the false balance, tho adulterated merchandise, the eye-service of tho hireling, who thinks only of his hire, tho cowardly meanness that would defraud honest labour of its rightful wages; these things, and such as those, are "the present truths " of our social life, and thoy call upon the Church to ask herself what is " tho present truth " she can bring to bear upon them ? Has the Church taken her true place in tho crusade against tho evil of tho times ? That place is undoubtedly in the very front rank. Is she to be found there ? or has she permitted other organisa- tions to usurp that position, and to take up her work ? It is to be feared that much of her energy is spent upon herself. We have seen in those great Exhibitions which have been held in the centres of our colonial life complex and beautiful machinery, erected with great care and at great cost, set in motion and doing nothing. Wheels are re- volving, levers are oscillating, pistons are rising and falling, with ceaseless activity from day to day, but there is no progress in travel or in production to show for it. In like manner the organisation of the Church is perfect—it is fashioned after the pattern set us in the mount, its parts work without friction, and apparently with power, but tho result is unap preciable so far as the true work of the Church it concerned-tho elevation of the moral tone of the community, tho preserva- tion of the young from the contamination of vice, the rescue of the lapsed and debased from godlessness, intemperance, and im- purity, How is tho Church to accomplish this part-tho most important part by far -of that work ? Tho answer to this ques- tion is for us, " the present truth." There is but one answer in tho long run. The Gospel of tho love of God to man in Jesus Christ must be proclaimed in its freedom without money and without price ; and the preaching of that Gospel must be accompanied and followed by those deeds of love which illustrate its charactor and prove its power. A mere gospel of systematic theology will not meet tho exigencies of tho time. The testimony of tho Church must be lifted up against tho vices, tho abuses, tho wrongs of tho age, not in this or in that rank, or class of men, but in all, high and low. Sho has beeu sent to preach tho Gospol to tho poor ; but it must be tho gospel of sympathy, of justice, of manhood. She has been sent to " charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not high-minded, but that they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate" The pulpit must be a preaohor of those things which are true and honest, and jist, and pure, and lovely, and of good report. Tho pew must co-operate with it in making the message willch it brings to tho world a message of peace, of mercy, and of good- will. Both must unite in commending the Gospel to men as the gospel of salvation, not in future escape from the penalty of sin, and in a holiness and blessedness which it cannot yet approciate, but in present deliver- ance from the power of sin, from tho bodily, mentai, and spiritual degradation which sin entails, and the realisation of the joys of a Christ like life To do this, they-tho pulpit and the pew-must adorn, show forth in its beauty, tho doctrine of God our Saviour. And this comes as tho present truth to this Federal Assembly. Tho highest purpose of such a gathering will be missed If our thoughts and deliberations rise no higher than tho augmenting of our numbers and tho consolidation of our strength, the dissemina- tion of our distinctive doctrine, or the ex tension of our peculiar policy, the perfect- ing and expansion of our organisation, and of the machinery that belongs to it, if wo look not over our own borders to take note of tho labours of others in tho same fields of activity, and of the needs of those whose highest interests aro bound up with our privileges and tho use we make of them. Presbyterianism has been tho anticipa- tion In tho Church of that union of personal liberty and of submis- sion to constitutional authority which is tho beau ideal of political life, and it is a noble mission to spread these principles, But it is a nobler inission still to co operate with every branch of the Church Catholic in disseminating those grand truths of tho love of God and the equality of man to man, and the fraternity of all to Christ Jesus, out of which all true manhood and all true liberty spring. This is " tho present truth " of all time and of every place. All other truth that is worthy of the name is but a phase or a manifestation of this. Of the doctrine of tho Church it is tho very care and centre. Of tho polity and discipline of the Church it is the ultimate object, of the worship of tho Church it is tho inspiring Boul and the endless theme. May I then be pardoned, fathor and brethren, for now putting you in remembrance of those things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth. A collection was taken up. Tho MODERATOR then took tho ohair, and offered up prayer for the constitution of tho Assomblv. . Tho Moderator tendered tho Assembly bia thnnlta for tho honour conferred upon him by placing him In that position dining the pust year. That honour ho did not taliu to himself, but attributed it to bo an honour oouforrod upon tho Chinch with which ho wun aoimcctod. Ha thanked the fathers and brethren for the marked for boiirancn they had observed towards him during the year, without which he would lava found it impossiblo to disahurgo tho duties falling upon him. Hu had to an- nounce that from tho committee appointed to consider tho ijucs'ion of liio In- coming Moderator a ununimous volo in fuvour of tho nomination of one who was ono of tho oldest ministors in Australia -tho Rev. Jamos Lyall, of Adolaido. (Heir, hear.) It gave bim great pleasure to place tho leadership of tho Assembly, and con- sidered it unnecessary to go through the formality of nomination and seconding, but if tho Assombly waa of similar opinion, thought it would only bo nodPBsury that that gentleman should ussuro tho Modoratorship. The Rov. JAS. LVA&I;, WBB then introduced and dolivored tho following address : Fathers and Brethren. - I cannot ade- quately thank you for tho honour you havo dono mo in calling mo to presido over the meetings of this Assombly. It is an honour of which any miniator tlnoughout the Cfederatod hurches of Australia and Tas- mania might well bo proud, I accept it all tho moro readily that I regard It as intonded not morely or mainly for myself, but for the Churoh with willoh I am oonuooted-a Church which although small In numbers has always been loyal to the great principles of Presbyterian doctrine and polity, and which hopes to accomplish yet greater things than it has hitherto attempted. But along with the honour you have conferred, you have laid upon mo a woighty responsibility, I ask you to assist me by your sympathy, and by yourprayorstoGod, that I mny bo enabled to disohargo tho duties of the offico now, and throughout tho period I hold it, in such a manner as that HIB namo may bo glorified, and tho welfare of the Churches promoted. The deliberations of this Assembly will, no doubt, bo of great importance in their bear- ing on tho question of federation. Subjecta will bo submitted for discussion, tho hand- ling of which will require much wisdom and delicacy. As men of God concerned for Hi» honour, us well as for the good of tho parr ticular branch nf the Church to which we belong, wo shall, I am sure, bo carot ni to givo a cordial considération to ovory mattor that may como before us It ¡B not to bel oxpcoted that in questions which may affect the interests of different Churches wa shall ho ablo, in tho first instance, to soo oye to eyo ; but a Bpirit of patience and charity, tho spirit which will load us to take largo viows of things, and to look at ovcry ques- tion, not merely in tho light of how it will affect the Churoh of any ono colony, but in thu light of tho welfuro of tho Presbyterian Church of Australia and Tasmania BB a whole, may help us to got over diffi- culties whioh might at first sight appear formidablo, and evon when wo cannot bo of ono mind, such a spirit will lead us to give all duo credit for sincerity to those from whom wo may still bo constratned to differ, Whatever may bo tho result of our delibera- tions, every lover of tho Presbyterian system must feel that tho idea of a federated Church for Australia and Tasmania is a noble one, and worthy of some pains and self-denial to put into shape. We are one in doctrine and in polity. While the Church In each colony must have its own work to do, mid its own special difficulties to contend with, thorn must be many things common to us all-many things we may be ublo to do unitedly botter than separately, In tho political world federation has become one of tho leading questions of tho day. Tho federation of tho Australian colonies, and the larger question of Imperial Federa- tion are subjects occupying a large amount of attention among colonial and British statesmen. Difficulties formidable enough aro seen to stand in the way. But there can bo no doubt that with tho desire for a olosor union which now exists, and which is daily growing in strength, a way will be found by whioh tho separated colonies of Australia will be gathered into one, und by whioh the bonds which unite Great Britain and her widely extended colonies may bo drawn moro closely together. For our part, wo say " God speed the timo when such a union shall bo consummated," for wo bcliovo it will bo ono of the greatest con. fedoruoios tho world has over seen, and that will form one of tho host guarantees for tho preservation of peace, for the progress of freedom and civilization, and for the spread nf tho glorious Gospel of tho blessed God. But should that next consummation appear to bo at a somowbat remoto distance, wo may euioly hope that the federation of the Australian colonies is a thing within tho range of praotical politics. Difficulties, no doubt, do exist, but with an increasing sonae of the importance of closer union, and a readiness on the part of each colony to sacrifico somothing for the common good, there need not bo long delay in bringing about a result so desirable. That states man will earvo 'for himself a conspicuous niche in tho temple of colonial famo who shall havo tho sagacity to develop, and the influence to persuado | others to adopt, a scheme which shall birid all colonies in' one under tho flag of England. If In tho poli- tical sphere federation is so desir- able,--'surely the 'Presbyterian ' Church in theso co'-v * »Si u'.d seriously consider whethor t. - UUlicultica which stand in the way of a closer union may not with a little patienco and self-denial bo overcome. We may not he as yet ripo for full incorporation, but we may work in that direotion, and mcanwhilo there are matters in wbioh wè may work'together. There Is, for example, the work of Church extension. Wo havo received important aspects of the truth of God. Wo have a system of Church govern- ment whioh wo beliovo to bo Scriptural, and to bo woll adapted to those democratic com- munities, and undoubtedly it is our duty to oonvey tho advantages of our system to the Çcopie of theso new lands whorovor wo can. hare aro some of tho colonial churches, which from the scattered character of the population and'thoir limited resources, find it difiioult to do all thoy would' like in this direotion, and surely it ¡S a 'fitting thing that thoso churches whioh God has blessed with abundant means should holp their woakcr sisters in carrying on the work, Tako tho caso of Western ' Australia, a. colony likely to rlae into ¡mportanco. When tho Imperial Aot for whioh it has bean wait- ing is passed, as no doubt it will be, there will bo a considerable influx of pooplo into its torritory, It ia quite oortaiu that tho brethren thoro, orippfed as thoy. havo boen and still are by tho pcouliar circumstances in which they havo been placed, cannot do all that is necessary for the extension of tho Church. Hore is a case in which a federated Church may rondor most valuable assistance at a moat oritioal season In the history of a rising colony. There aro, I beliovo, in tho colony ofQueoDsland considerable numbers of aborigines of whom it is the duty of tho Christian pooplo to care. Theso ohildron of tho Boil havo surely a strong claim before thoy pass away that they should bo made acquainted with tho common salvation. There wore, and I beliovo thora still arc, in tho same colony somo thousands of South Sea Islanders, and if thoy could bo brought under tho influonco of the Gospel of Christ thoy would, whon thoy returned to thoir nativo islands, bo a holp, Instead of, 'as they often have boon, a hindrance to our misj sionuries in .their work. To do all this offootivoly is obviously beyond tho moans of our Queensland brethren, with tho many other pressing claims which thoy havo upoq their zeal and energy. Then thora is tho work of missions to tho hoathen. Difficulties havo existed and do still exist as to tho incorporation of our mission funds and as to the control of tho misaionB by a federated Church-difficulties out of whioh wc may not as yat be able to see our way. The day may come, and if there wore moro en- thusiasm on our part, it would' not bo long in coming, when the colonial Churches may undertake tho ontiro suppurt and man- agement of tho Now Hobridcs Mission, and the Churches In Scotland und Nova Scotia bo sot, freu to dovoto their onorgies in other directions. In this caso tho difficulties would bo greatly diminished, if thoy did not vanish altogether, and a united Church would havo such a connection with thd mission as would onlargo the sympathies and call forth tho energy of its members. All wo requiro is more enthusiasm, moro of the onthuslasm begntteu of faith. Would it not bo possible for Bomo of our woulthioD congregation to support a missionary of their ow i. For, is it expecting too much that some of our memburs whom God baa blessed with abundant woalth, might do themselves honour by following tho cxamplo of the founder of the Amy Gertrude Russoll Mission, and havo a direct interest in tho convoi sion of tho New Hobridcs by having an agont supported by themselves ? Wo aio strongly convinced that the thing could bo duna, if only tho enthusiasm wo speak of could be awakened. Nor need our offuits be oonliuud to the Now Hebrides, interesting IIB that liuhl is, und strong as aro its claims upon us. Thoro is thu great Empiro of India opon to us. Thoro aro tho now fields of China inviting us to enter. Wo havo a grand opportunity buforo us, an op- portunity such as tho Church of Christ bus never boforo had of oarrying tho light of the Gospol to thoso who aro yet sitting in darkness and in the region of tho shadow of (louth. May thoro not bo yoting moa in our congregations who shall bo inclined to devote thoir tulonts and their lives (like tho one who baa recently gone to Corea, whom may God bloea) to break up now ground, and to plant the Bannor of tho Croea on shores vvhuro it doos not yet wave. May there not bo maidons whoso hearts God has touched, who aro only waiting for a little encourage- ment and for the oall of the Church to Help to lighten tho darkness, and roliove the Borrows of thoir eistora in the zenanas of India-a work whioh wo must all feol is sooond to nono in importance, whioh at tbo sumo time is comparatively inexpensive, and whioh a fedoratod Church might do muoh to inaugurate and carry on. Wo havo no doubt much to do for oursolves, and our first duty la of course to oarry out faithfully tho work which God has laid to our handB within our own territories. Yet wo muat I not forgot that tho couvorsion of tho world to Christ Is tho standing commission of tho Churoh. Wo aro pursuuded that with moro zeal for the causo of heathen missions no ooloniul interest would suffer, but would rather bo promoted. It is un ovil for a Church as for un individual to bo con- cerned exclusively about its own affairs. The Churoh that is fired with a holy zoal for tho conversion of tho heathen is not likoly to negloot tho work within ita own borders. Wo can testify, as the result of the oxperienco and observation of a ministry extending over 32 years, that those congregations which take a genorous interest it. oojocts beyond themselves aro usually the most prosporouB. The words of Holy Writ hold truo for all time, " There is thatscat toroth aud yot incrcasoth," and tho converso ÍB equally true, " Thora is that withholdeth more than is meot, and it tendeth to poverty." Thoro aro other quostions, iuti matoly afleoting the wolfaro of the Aus- tralian Churches, whUh this Fodoral As sombly, without exercising direct control, may do much to help to solve. There Is the question of tho flexibility of our system of polity, so as better to adapt it to the altered circumstances in which we find oursclvcB in these now landB, with thoir mixed popula- tions. .Wo very proporly put a high value upon our rulos and forms of procedure, the result of tho cxporienco of several genera- tions. But tho state of things boro differs considerably from the ¡.tate of things in the oidor countries, and it may be possible to make dcsirablo alterations in details, which aro not inconsistent with the genius of PrcBbytorianiem. Whethor wo choose to look at tho subject or ¡ not, changes aro fiikcly to arise, and it may bo tho part of wisdom to anticipate such changea as may appear to us to be improve- ments, and in such a manner OB may secure general concurrcnco. Thoro is tho question of a directory for publie worship, which, without tying us down to a hand and foot uniformity, may help to deliver us from that baldness with which Presbyterian worship baa Bomotimes beeu charged, and which may enable us to conduct the Borviccs of the sanctuary in a manner which shall at once bo in harmony with the oulturc of tho ago, and helpful tothoBpIritof tho devout. There is the question of how to keep hold of tho rising genoration so as not to lower the dignity of tho Churoh or tho claims of Christ, a question wo must all feel to be of groat importance, and whioh this Assembly may assist in solving. As these subjects, howovor, aro to bo brought before us by brethren who havo been giving special at- tention to them, and who are well quulified to deal with thurn, it is unnecessary that I should enlarge upon thom now. But there is ono subject on which I shall venture to say a fow words boforo. I pass on-the ne- cessity of having a high standard of literary and theological attainment for thoso who entor on our miniatry. The circumstances in whioh the Churches were placed during the early years of colonial life, tho rapid Bottle mentof tho country-the difficulty of obtain- ing a sufficient .supply of mon from older countries, necessarily led to some degree of laxity in this matter. Wo could not well holp ouraolves. Wo had to choose between omploying men of Christian, character and good natural ability, although thoy did not quito como up to tho educational stand- ard of tho Homo Churches, and of leaving inviting fields unoccupied. The Churches vory properly worked with suoh materials as they hail at command, and wo aro bound to euy that many of these men, although with a necessarily imperfect training, have done most admirable work, and have maintained such consistency of life as to win the admi- ration of the communities among whom thoy have laboured. But our circumstances have undergone a great alteration, Tho various communities havo become settled. The edu, cational standard of tho people is high,and the pulpiti fitis to retain its influence must be in advance with the many scientific and critical questions that are being discussed. Our ministers must if they are to hold their own, be well equipped for their work. Happily far us the means of obtaining our students are at command. With such an institu- tion as tho Theological Hall at Brisbane, and particularly Ormond College, Mel- bourne, orooted by tho splendid liberality of bim whoso name it bears, by the enterprise of tho Victorian Church, equipped with a staff of professors who would do honour to any theological inatitution, and open on liberal terms to students from other colonies, It is in our powor to obtain an education for our young mon suoh OB will fit thom, so far as education can, for the ministry of any Church. What remains is that tho Presby. terians throughout tho length and breadth of the land should set up and maintain a high standard and in promoting that, this Föderal Assombly may rendermostvaluablo assistance In view of theso and other advantages which would arise from a olosor union, it would ill becomo us to maka too much of any looal difficulties which may stand in tho way. Difficulties there always aro, whon any im- portant work has to be accomplished. Diffi- culties had to bo faced and nvercomo before the separated branches of the Presbyterian family in the. difforent colonies could be gathered into ono. Wo were all attaohod to tho particular views and traditions of those sections of the Church from whioh we had sprung. Yet under a sirona sense of duty, and ia view of tho advantages to bo derived from union, the thing has boon successfully accomplished in all tho colonies, save tho ono in which we aro now assembled, and which of us would now like to go back to tho state of things which previously existed? Let us hopo that the two sections into which tho Presbyterian Churoh in this colony is still divided, may see their way without any sacrifice of principle to become one. We can assure them as the result of experience, that they will find themselves in every way stronger and be better able to carry out effectively the work whioh tho Lord has laid to their hand. It will bo a particularly happy thing if ono result of our meeting in the capital of Tasmania should bo to bring about suoh a désirable consummation. Thus far we have been looking at our posi- tion as members ol a purtiaular Church with a particular system of doctrine and govern- ment. But we cannot forget that aftor all we are only a division of a great army. To us have been committed certain important principles, and we shall best discharge our duty to our Divine Leader by looking well to tho interests of our own division, aud by luithfully performing the duties concocted therewith. That, however, is not inconsis- tent with a generous interest in the welfare of the Church as a whole. Wo aro ono with all who own allegiance to Jesus .Christ, whatever affecta them con corns us. There are many things common to all Churches, and to all Christians. Tho things in regard to whioh wo differ aro not to bo compared with thoao which wo havo in common. Wo hare the same work to do, to contend earnestly for tho faith once de- livered to the Saints, to extend the Kingdom of our Lord and Saviour, and to win souls for Him. Wo havo common difficulties to contend with difficulties which are formid- able enough. We have to face the material- istic spirit, which is so widely spread in the colonies as well as elsewhere—the spirit of gambling, which produces so much restless- ness and excitement, and which has proved pernicious to the spiritual life of so many, that excessive push and competition in almost all departments of trade, whioh makes it exceedingly difficult for an honest man to get a living, and love of pleasure which absorbs so much time, and energy, and money, and which unfits multitudes among us for anything like serious thought, A feeling of discouragement, and sometimes almost of despondency, is apt to creep over us as we contemplate these and such like things. But realty there is no reason for discouragement. Tho difficulties with which we have to contend in these days are not to be compared with those with which the Church has had to grapple in days bygone, and over which she has triumphed. Tho state of things which existed pre- vious to the Evangelical revival at tho commencement of tho present century, and previous to tho Reformation ln tho 16th cen- tury was very much worse than that which exists to-day. What are our difficulties com- pared with those of tho early Church, when small in numbers and feeble in influence, she had to struggle against Jewish bigotry and hate, against tho scorn of Greek philoso- phers,, and against tho might of imperial Rome. Anyone who possesses the slightest acquaintance with tho history of tho period knows that everywhere the grossest corrup- tion prevailed., Tho great cities of the age were sinks of pollution. Tho higher classes for the most part led lives of selfish luxury, and of shameless vice, and tho people as a whole were given to pleasures of tho most cruel and revolting character. But notwith- standing all these obstaoles which would have appeared insurmountable, saVO to a faith which can remove mountains, tho Church persevered in her work, proclaiming the simple truths of tho Gospel independence on the power of tho Holy Spirit, and ere long she achieved a mighty victory. The Empa laid down his crown beforo tho Cross of Jesus. Tho things which men esteemed foolish, put to shame those that were wise ; tho weak things of the world put to shame the things that were strong ; tho base things of tlio world, and tho things that were despised, and tho things which wero accounted as though they wero not, were employed by God to bring to nought tho things that were. It turned out then, as it has often turned out since, that the foolishness of God was wiser than men, and that tho weakness of God was stronger than men. What we require, fathers and brethren, is more faith and devotion. The samo power which onablod the Primitive Church to triumph over all the obstacles with which she had to contend, is sufficient for our conflict with tho forces of unbelief and worldliness and sin. With more faith in the power of tho Gospel, and in tho power of tho Spirit of God we have nothing to fear. In point of fact there are many things to encourage us. A spirit of inquiry is abroad. The old question, What is truth ? is being urged, and in many instances with much greater honesty and intensity than when it was put by Pilate, The foundations of our faith aro being carefully examined, not always to bo sure in a friendly spirit. Yet every man who has faith in tho truth and power of the Gospel will rejoice at tho discussions whioh are going on. Truth never has anything to fear from full and open discussion. Tho historical evi- dences in support of our holy religion havo undoubtedly been as the result of recent discussions brought out into a clearer light than they were before. By the admissions of the most pronounced rationalistic critics, there are four Epistles in tho New Testa- ment which are undoubted productions of the Apostle Paul, tho Epistle to the Ro- mans, tho Epistle to tho Galatians, and the first and second Epistles to tho Corinthians. Suppose we leave out of account for a mo- ment the four Gospels, tho Acts of tho Apostles, and all tho other Epistles, and confine our attention to tho four undisputed Pauline Epistles we have named, what do we find ? We find this, that about the middle of tho sixth decade of tho first century, and within a quarter of a century of the crucifixion, there were Christian churches planted in Judæa, in Syria, on tho sea board, and in the heart of the vast regions of Asia Minor, in various of the cities of Greece, and in tho Impertail City- churchos composed of thousands and tens of thousands of persons of various ranks and conditions, who believed that Jesus Christ was tho Son of God, that He died as a propitiation for their sins, and that He rose again by the power of God, as a demon- stration of the truth of His claims, and as a pledge of tho resurrection to everlasting life of all His followers. There were multitudes of men in lands widely separated who re- ceived tho truth as it is in Jesus, as the very light of their lives, who wore prepared to ocho the sentiment of Paul, " God forbid that I should glory, save in tho cross of our Lord Jesus Christ," and who, like him, were ready to saorifice their lives for their faith. And how, we may well ask of these rational- istic critics, how do you account for tho widespread and rapid acceptance of such things? How do you explain it?; that within a quarter of a century of the cruci- fixion, and considering the humble position occupied by the first preachers of Chris- tianity, and tho strong prejudices opposed to them, there should have been such uum. bers of people far apart from each other who accepted these statements and gloried in them as conveying a revolution of God, and as opening up hope for tho world, such as they had not found in tho teachings of Jewish Rabbis or Greek Philosophers. As it appears to us, there is no reasonable explanation of those phenomena, the most striking in all history, save this, that the statements about Jesus Christ were true-that there was a divine meaning in tho crucifixion, and that a divine power accompanied the preaching ot it. We may regard the historical evidences of Christianity as established on a solid basis. But after all we require more than that. We require a present demon- stration of its power, We cannot be satisfied with proving that the Gospel was true in the first century. It must be true for us now. It is not enough that it was a mighty power in the days of our fathers. We want to fool its power among ourselves to-day, In order to the production of such results, as have been witnessed in other ages, we need the same power by which those results were achieved, and that power is within our reach. Jesus Christ is still working in the midst of tho Church, and in the hearts of men, by tho agency of the Holy Ghost. Now it is of the utmost importance that wo realise that and liva in accordanoo with it. We all boliovo in the Holy Ghost, tho third person of tho Trinity, equal in power and glory with tho Father and Son. But it is questionable if we fully realise the signifi- cance of the promises which have been made to us regarding Him. The Lord Jesus declared that it was botter for His disciples, that tho Comforter should come to thom, than that Ho Himself should remain! It would bo difficult to imagine anything that could place tho work of the Spirit in a stronger light than that. We would all naturally wish to have seen Christ in the flesh. People undertake long and expensive journeys to look upon the spots where HÍs feet have trod. What would they not give to have seen Him when He performed some miracle, to have listened to tho gracious words which proceeded out of His mouth, to have sat at His feet like Mary or John, to have leaned their heads on His bosom ? But in reality we have something better in tho mission of the Comforter. With the powor of the Holy Spirit at work among us we are better off than we would have been if Jesus had remained on earth, and the Holy Spirit had not come. A mighty power is within reach of tho Church-a power adequate to the succerssul accomplish- ment of all her work, and what sho Hoods to do is to wait upon God for it, and to cast out ovorything that is inconsistent with it. Fathers and brethron, let this Assembly bo pervaded by a spirit of entiro dependence on the spirit of God, and by earnest suppli- cation for a greater oxperionco of His power, and tho result will be most refreshing, and quickening, and comforting, and whon we return to our various fields of labour it will be with increased energy and hope. Now unto Him that is able to keep you from faliing, and to presont you faultless before tho presence of his glory with exceeding joy, to tho only wiso God our Saviour bo glory and majcsty.dominion and powor, both now and ovor. Amen, Tho Rov. MACDONALD, D.D., asked tho Moderator, on behalf of the Assembly, to convoy to his predecessor their thanks for tho vory learned, able, and powerful exhor- tation delivered by him prior to his vacation of tho chairmanship. It was well for all to bear in mind that tho chiof objeot of their work should be the amelioration of tho con- dition of mankind both spiritually and otherwise. Tho Church should bo moro activo lu tbia in the future than in the past.! For reminding them of this fact thoy owed a debt of gratitudo to Mr, Hay. I This was seconded by the Rev. HAMILTON: D.D. ' | The MODERATOR convoyed tho vote to the Rev. Hay. The Rev. J. K. MAOMILLAN intimated to the Assembly the roault of tho labours of tho committee appointed to considor and aat iu tho matter of the resignation of the Rev, Dr. Nindi of tho Chief Clerkship of the Assombly. Tho result thereof was that aftor urging on Dr. Nisch to withdraw hiB resignation this effort had proved successful, and ho would continuo to aot as heretofore. (Hear, hear.) Tho Rov. Dr. Niscui oxplained that cir- cumstances had permitted of lila continuance of tho office, i.e., tho lightening of his labours in connection with bia church. Ho intimated to tho Assembly that tho Free Synod of Tusmaniu had intiir.atod their desire to bo admitted deliborativo members of tho Assombly. Of course a declaration would bo rcquirod of thom that they approved of tho principio of federation. Tho hours of mooting woro fixed at-10.30 a.m. to 2 p.m., 7.30 p.m. to 10 p.m. A Business Cominittco and list of Ministors to conduct devotional oxorcisos was ap- pointed. The Assembly adjourned at 10 p.m. till 10.30 a.m. noxt day. tan FOPULAJI BF.viîiiAor. for Broakfajt, Lunohcon, Tea, and Supper In all «ansons Ia GADBHUY'S COCOA.-Comforting, strengthening, nourishing-lor old and young, robust and feeble. Tho Slnows of Wealth aro found in Health ; and health, strength, and staying powor uro retained anti conoelltrstod lu CAMUM'S COCOA, It Is absolutely puro, 