PITH AND POINT. lino. Cool. Games, Millers, Wharves. Victorious. Dairy trials. Matriculation. Fish trawling. Thunderstorms, Lightning Hashes. Now Lectureships. focusta advancing. V ictoria wins at cricket. Police courts busy all round. £wo k Y8 killed by lightning. Ur. Carver and the Governor. Cojnmbus log.book discovered. rclix Tanner cheerful and well. Playing ghost at YVaggo. Shot. bhooting affray at South Yarra. Alleged incendiarism at Jerilderie. Heavy storm damaeu at Deniliqnin. Moro bacilli turning np cverywnere. Special train to Ikularat to-morrow. Law costs of Premier cases, L30.000. Kindergartens at MPdura successful. A " wave" of burglars and pickpocket. Man kicks his wife to death at Wardcll. " Lull- bottomed " balloters got to be civil Moro trouble. Tho "Miller and his Men. The mysteries of the Premier jury ro- vcalcd. Military Conference visit to Port Darwin postponed. Sydney heiress eIopc3 with coachman. Joyous Jehu. Geological survey of coal country ot Buln Buln proceeding. Woman burned to death ot Cobram. Candle at bedside. Another snspicioua disappcaranco of a Sydney bank clerk. Mr Wrixon makes a favorable impression on Privy Council in bar. , Tim character that has holes pierced in it tsn t worth a pin, and you can say the same of a child's drum. 1 he performer on a tin fiddlo reminds one of tho prosperous fool who Is always boost- iug of havtug accumulated a largo fortune. 1'lcasitro is but a ball that a child runs after so long ns it keeps rolling, but which u> »woy from him the moment it 'Jlio doll that speaks too frequently ends liatlly. The possession of its gift is tho cause of it destruction. To liud out the secret of its inspiration it is nicked to pieces. . Fato of genius all over. Aunt Agues: Well, Ethel, I hear you're studying English history. Ilavo you got as for ns tho Crusades yet ? Ethel s Yes, Aunt Acnes : Then can you tell mo what a pilgrim was? Ethel : A holy trump. Too full mind, like a money-bag that Is full, makes no noise ; but tho empty mind, like a money-bag with only two or threo coins iu it. keeps up suoh an inccAsaut rat He that its emptiness soon betrays itself to all. Whipping may make a humming-top go spinniugly enough, but it is thrown nwny on boys, Xerxes, uftcr his ships wore wrecked, flogged the sea ; but wo never heard of tho iiea having taken a moral turn from that moment. The child takes a pleasure in blowing its trumpet. What is music to itself is discord to others ; and yet it will persevere for honrs. Tho mau becomes often us great a nuisance when ho allows bts vanity to bo incessantly pushing hitn beforo others to blow his awn trumpet 1 llcssio (just homo from boarding school) : I'm delighted to sco you, mamma ! (kisses her.) Mamma (regarding her suspiciously) : Itasic, you didn't kiss with a burrowing motion when you went away from homo. You'vo learned that from somebody with a long moustache. Very few ptoplo nro nwaro (remarks a Loudon exchange) thai a tax upon bachelors did exist in England within the last two centurion. In 1(105, William III. gavo tho royal assent to an Act entitled " An Act for granting bis Majesty certain rates and dutic upon marriages, births, and burial, and upon bachelors and widowers for the term of live years, for carrying on tho war with vigor.' By this Act bachelors above twcnty-livo years obi paid yearly Is ; widowers. Is ; a duke, being bachelor or widower. L12 10s ; a marquis, Lift. By the Act 8 and ft William 111., " For inuking good tho deficiencies of several funds therein mentioned," theso taxes remained in force nnu wero ordered to bo paid until 1st August, 1700. Occurred yesterday. — A lady " Christian visitor" called at a house in Coppin street, (tichmond, and remonstrated with the good wifo, who tlicro resided, for not attundiug church on Sundays. At the conclusion of iicr exhortation tho visitor said, " YVcli now, I( hopo to soo you at church on Sunday morning next." The dame's reply was, "Ibeliovo all you nay, and you are n very good woman, but whilo I am at church will you come hero and cook my dinner, for I havo n devil of a hus band lo please," Breathless with nstonish- meut, the visitor could only ejaculate, "Oh!" when tho housewife continued, " Well, you see, lam aplain-snokcn person ; ho is the very devil to please. Vou just como down hero to night, and try to convert him, and you'll sco foryoureolf." Tho visitor mado a rapid retreat, and that house is not likely to sco her fnca again. An extraordinary trial has taken place iu tho Stato of Pennsylvania, whore a very- much-marricd lady got a surprise of an un expected character. She sued her husband for desertion. Tho poor tellow went to Court, aud took with him seven other men, whom tho woman had married at various times. Tho judge, according to tho reports, looked through his sucotixclcs, and then over them, and then rubbed his eyes. " All tho husbands will stand up and remain standing until they aro counted," ho cried in amazement, aud tho wholo eight stood shoulder to shoulder in a brotherhood of < misery. Tho case was adjourned for proof, and when called on subsequently it was found, to the happiness of tho eight hus bands, that tho interesting lady had (led. Small- pox, says tho " Lancet," attacked no less than 4S3 persons and caused JU2 deaths in Madrid in ono week ; the total attacks and doathn since tho beginning of the outbreak being now 19X1 and Cj9 respec tively. In certain parts of France, and notably in Britantiv, this discaso is also extending, mid Mr Proust states that it is practically cndcinlc iu tho more Bruton tonus mid villages, where both iufantilo vaccination nml revaccinutlon nt adult ngc have long been much neglected. The coinniittco controlling public health iu France lmvo unnuitnousiy decided that tho time has como lo tnako both primary vncci- natlou and revacoiuntiou compulsory throughout tho country. 