IRoveUst. Tiie Mjstery of tlze Iirn ; ok, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. i \- A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. By Anna Catharine Green. Author of " The Leavenicorth Case," " Behind Closed Doors," etc. CHAPTER XXIL — (CGNTTNTJED.) 1 promised him a view that would certainly delight him. As the garden "as plainly visible from the oak parlor, you can readily understand to what view I alluded. But he had no sus picion of my meaning, and followed in- with some reluctance. But his aspect changed materially when, in walking up and down the paths, 1 casually remarked : "This is the least inhabited side of tin inn. Only one room is occupied, and that by two foreigners — Madame and j Mademoiselle Letellier. Yet it hae a J pleasant outlook. as you yourself can see." "Is she — are they behind those win dows ?" he asked, with an impetuosity I could not but admire in a man with so j much to recommend him to the considers- i tion of others. " I beg your pardon," lie aided, a moment later, after a stolen glance at the house, " 1 know these ladies, and any thing in connection with them is interest ing to me." I believed it, and had hard work to hide my secret trouble. But his preoc cupation assisted me, and at length I | found courage to remark : i " They are from Paris, 1 understand. A tine woman, Madame" Letellier. Must te much admired in her own land ?" He seemed to have no reason for re senting my curiosity. " fShe is," was his quick reply. " She is not only admired, but respected. I have nevei heard her name mentioned but with honor. 1 am happy to be known as her friend." 1 gyve him one quick look. Good heavens 1 what lay before this man ! And lie so unconscious ! I felt like wishing ;lie inn would fall to atoms before our ;yes, crushing beneath it the sin of the past and the false hopes for the future. He saw nothing, lie was smiling upon a rose which lie had plucked and was hold ing in his hand. "This inn is one of the antiquities," 1 now observed, anxious to know if any hint of its secrets had ever reached his ears. "They say it is one of the first struc tures reared on the river. Have you ever heard any of the traditions connected with it. ?" " O. no," he smiled. "The Happy- Oo-Lucky is quite a stranger to me. Yon cherish up all its legends, though, I have no doubt. Are there any tales of ghosts among them 1 can easily imagine cer- liJSSl Cni'nfa n'oiifl.irtr.n through its narrow halls and up and down ils winding stair-cases." " \\\ hat spirits ?" I asked, convinced, however, by his manner that he was talk ing at random with the probable aim or prolonging our walk within view of the window behind which his darling might stand coneeah-d. " Madame must inform me. I have too little acquaintance with this country to venture among itsTrraditions." " There is a story," I began ; hut hare \ a finely modulated but piercing voice rang musically down the paths from the house, and we heard ; " Your eyes will certainly suffer, Mrs. j Truax, if you let the hot sun glare upon them so mercilessly." And, turning, we saw madame's smil ing face looking from the casement with a meaning that struck us both dumb and led me to shorten our walk lest my in terest in the romance then going on should be suspected and my usefulness thus become abridged. Was it to forestall niv suspicions, ridher- self of my vigilance, or to insure herself against any forgetfulness on her daugh ter's part, that madame some two hours later sent me the following note : " Dear Miss. Truax, — I can imagine that after your walk in the blazing pun- light you do not feel very well this even- inu. I must nevertheless request of you a favor, my need being great and you heimr ihe only person who can assist me. T e Marquis de la Roche-Guvon. with whom 1 saw you promenading, has come to this place with the express intention of paying court to my daughter. As I am not prepared to frown upon his suit, and equally unprepared to favor it, I do not feel at liberty to refuse him the pleasure of an interview with my daughter and yet do tic it des:re them to enjoy such an in terview alone. As I am ill, uuite ill, with n sudden and excruciating attack of pain in in v right hip. may 1 ask if you will ful il tiie office of chaperon for nie, and, Without embarrassment to either party, take such nn asures as will prevent an absolute confidence between thein, till I have obtained the sanction of my hus- band to an intimacy which I myself dare i not encourage ? "Very truly your debtor, if you ac complish this, "Madame Leielleer." CHAPTER XXIII. en the secret chamber. Have only twenty-four hours elapsed ? It is hut yester-night that all the terrible events took place, the memory of which are now making my frame tremble 1 So the clock says, and yet how hard it is to believe it. Madame Letellier — But I will preserve my old method, I will not anticipate events, but relate them as they To go back, then, to the note which I received from madame. I did not like it. I did not see its consistency, and I did not mean to be its dupe. If she in tended remaining in the oak parlor, then over the oak parlor I would keep watch ; j for from her alone breathed whatever i danger there might be for any of us, and j to her alone I did look for ihe explana- i tion of her mysterious presence in a spot i that should have held a thousand repel- lent forces for her and hers. As for her sudden illness, that was nonsense. She ; j was as well as I was myself. Had I not , I seen her standing at the window an hour f or two before 2 j But here I made a mistake. Madame j was really ill, as I presently" had occasion < to observe. For not only was a physician j I summoned, hut word came that she ' j wished to see me, also ; and when I went j i to her room J found her in bed, her face ; I pallid and distorted with pain, and her j i whole aspect betraying the greatest phy- j j sical suffering. t | It was a rheumatic attack, affecting j mainly her right limb, and it made her so ! helpless that, for a moment. I stood 1 aghast at what looked to me like a dis- . pensation of Providence. But in I another instant I began to doubt again- for though I knew it was beyond any body's power to simulate the suffering under which slie e". idenily labored, I was i made to feel, by her penetrating and ! restless looks, that her mind retained its hold upon its purpose, whatever that uiiut UGj auu uiat IUI iuc tu ic Jsx my vigilance now would be to give her an advantage that would be imme diately seized upon. 1 therefore held my sympathies in heck ; and, while acting the part of the solicitous landlady, watched for that , lance or word which should reveal her secret intentions. Her daughter, whose eyes were streaming with tears, stood over her like a pitying angel, and not till we had done all we could to relieve her mother, and subdue her pain, did she allow lier longing eyes to turn towards j the clock that beat out the passing moments with mechanical precision. It was a quarter to nine. The mother saw that glance, and hid her face for a moment ; then slie took mademoiselle by the hand, and drawing her down £o lier, whispered audibly : " I expect you to keep your appoint ment. Mrs. Truax will send one of the girls to sit with me. Besides 1 feel bet- ! tor, as if I could sleep. Only remember your promise, dear. No look, no hint of your feelings." Mademoiselle flushed scarlet. Stealing 1 a look at me, she drew back embarrassed, ( but O ! how joyous. I felt my old heart | quiver as I surveyed her, and ill spite of I the dread form of the redoubtable woman i stretched before nie, in spite of the grue some room and its more than gru> some I secrets, something of the fairy-light of hive seemed to fall upon my spirit and lift the darkness from the place for one silort and glowing moment. "Look in the glass," the mother now commanded. " You need to tie up your curls again and put a fresh flower at your | throat. T do not wish you to show ( weariness. Mrs. Tunis " — these words to Sine in low tones, as her daughter with drew to the other side of the room — "you received my note ?" !I nodded. " You will do what 1 ask ?" I nodded again. Deliberate falsehood it was, but I showed no sign of _ faltering. I "Then I will excuse you now." I rose. "And do not send anyone to me. I wish to sleep, and another's presence | would disturb me. See the pain is al- I most gone." | She aid look better. | "Y'our wishes shall be regarded," I I assured her.- "If you do feel worse, 1 ring this bell and Margery will notify And placing the bell rope near her hand. I divw back and presently quitted tin- room. Lingering in the hall just long enough to see the lovely Ilotiora flit across the threshold of the sitting-r.iom which 1 had purposely ordered vacant for her use, 1 hurried to my room. It was dark, dark as the secret chamber, into which 1 now stole with the lightest and wariest of steps. Horror, gloom and apprehension were in the air which brooded stiflingly 111 the narrow spot, and had it not been for the righteous pur pose sustaining me, I should have fallen at this critical moment, crushed beneath the terrible weight of my own feel- j itigs. j But one who has to listen, straining every faculty to catch the purport of what is going 011 behind an impenetrable wall, soon forgets himself and his own sensa tions. As I pressed my ear to the wall and caught the sound of a prolonged and painful stir within, 1 only thought of following the movements of madame, who, I was now sure, had ieft her bed and was dragging herself, with what diffi culty and distress lcould buttainiiy judge by the involuntary groans which now ana then left l:c-r, across the floor towards the door, the key ot which I presently heard turn. This done, a heavy silence followed, tlnn the slow, dragging sound began again, interrupted now by weary pants j and heavy sobs that at first chilled nie i and then shook me with such fear that it I' was with difficulty that 1 could retain my place against tin; wall. Slie was crawling j in my direction, and at each instant I j heard the pants grow louder. I gradually | withdrew, step by step, till I found my- | self pressed up against the wall in the j remotest corner I couid find. And here j was I standing, enveloped in darkness ; and dread, when the sounds changed to J that shuddering, rushing noise which I 1 had heard once befi.ee in my life, and j from a narrow gap through which the ; faint light in the room beyond dimly j shone in a thread of lesser darkness, the j aperture grew, till I could feel rather than see lier f-oni. era v. l:)>_r. nor walk inc. : through the opening, and hear, distinct i enough, her horrible, gurgling tones, as she murmured : " I shall have to grope for what I want — touch it, feel it, for I cannot see. O God ! O God ! What horror ! What punishment !" Nearer, nearer over the floor she came, dragging her useless limb behind her. Her outstretched arm groped, groped about the floor, while I stood trembling and agonised with horror till her hand touched the skirt of my dress, when, with a great shriek of suddenly liberated j feeling, "l pushed her from me, and cried out : " Murderess ! do you seek the hones of your victim ? I flung open the door against which I stood and let the light from my own room stream in upon us two. Her face as 1 saw it at that moment has never left my memory. She had fallen in a heap at my first move, and now lay crushed before me, with only lier wide staring eyes and shaking lips to tell that I she lived. " You thought I did not know you," 1 burst forth. " You thought because I had never seen your face, you could come j back here, bringing your innocent, d.iugh- j ter with you, and cast yourself into the j very atmosphere of your crime without awakening the suspicion of the woman | whose house you had made a sepulchre of for so many years. But crime was written too plainly on your brow. The spirit of II. mora Urquhart, breaking the bounds of this room, lias walked ever be side you, and 1 knew you from the first moment you had strayed down this hall." Broken sounds, unintelligible murinur- ings, were all that greeted my anxious ears. "You are punished," I went on, "in the misery of your daughter. Nemesis has reached you. The blood of Homora Urquhart has called aloud from these walls, and not yourself only, but the still viler being whose name you have so falsely shared, must answer to man and God for the heart you so heartlessly sacrificed and the rights you £0 falsely usurped." "Mercy !" came in one quick gasp from the crushed heap of humanity be fore me. But 1 was inexorable. I remembered IlAMU'itt v 1 ij" ""i- « < 11\. vital moment could think of nothing else. So 1 went on : " You have had years of triumph. You have borne your victim's name, worn vour victim's clothes, sported with your victim's money. And l:e, her husband, has looked on and smiled. Day after day, month after mouth, .year after year, you have gone in and out before your friends, unmolested and unafraid ; but God's ven geance, though it halts, is sure and keen. Across land and acroe:-. water the memories of this room have drawn you, and not content with awakening sus picion, you must make suspicion cer tainty by moving a spring, unknown even to myself, and entering this spot from which the bones of your victim were iaken only two months ago, Marah Leighton !" Moved hy the name, she stood" up. Tottering and agonised with pain, hut j firm once more and determined, she towered before me, her face turned to wards the room she had left, lier hand lifted, iier whole attitude that of one listening. " Hark 1" she cried. It was a knock, a faint, low, trembling knock that we heard, then the word " Mamma " came in muffled accents from the hallway. A convulsion crossed the counte- | nance of the miserable woman before j me. | " Oh, God ! my daughter, my daugh ter !" she cried. And falling at my feet, she grovelled in anguish as she pleaded : " Will you kill her ? She knows no thing, suspects nothing. Tiie whole fifteen years of her life are pure. She is a flower. 1 love her — I love her, thougn j I she looks like the woman I hated and J killed. She bears her name — why, 1 do | | not know — I could not call her anj-thing j j else ; she is my living reproach, and vet I | love her. Do you not see it was for her i I crossed the water, for her 1 plunged my : j living hand into this tomb to learn it our I secret had ever been discovered, and if j there was any hope that she might yet be made happy ? Ah, woman, woman, 1 you are not a wretch — a demon! You will not senU-nce this i ".uu.-uut sov.l to I disgrace and misery. Even if I must die — and I swear that I " ill die if you say so — leave to my child her hopes ; keep secret my sin, and take the blessing of the most miserable beingthat crawls upon the earth, as a solace for your old age. Hear me ; hear a wretched mother's plea — " "It is too late," I broke in. "Even were I silent there are others upon your track. I doubt if your husband does not already know that the day of his pros perity is at an end." She gave a low cry, and tottered from I the place. Entering her own room, she threw threw herself upon the bed. 1 followed, drawing the curtains about her. Then closing the door of communication be tween the oak parlor and the chamber beyond, I passed to the door behind which we could yet hear her daughter's soft voice calling, and, unlocking it, let the radiant creature in. " 0, mamma!" she began, " I could not keep my word — " But here I held up my hand, and draw ing her softly out, told her that her mother needed rest just now. and that if she would come to my room for a little while it would be best ; and so prevailed j upon her that she promised to do what I : asked, though I saw her cast longing glances through the partly opened door towards the sombre bed so like a tomb, and which at that moment was a tomb, had she known it — a tomb of hope, of joy, of peace forevermore. I was just going out, when a slight stir still detained me. Looking back, I saw a hand thrust out from between the fall ing curtains. Just a hand ; but how elo quent it was ! Pointing it out to mademoiselle, I aid : " Y'our mother's hand. Give it a kiss, mademoiselle, but do not part the cur tains." She smiled and crossed to that ominous bed. Kneeling, slie kissed the hand, which, thereupon raised itself and rested on her head. In another instant it was drawn slowly away, and, with a startled look, the half- weeping daughter rose and glided again to my side. As I closed t lie door, 1 thought of these words : "And the sins of the father shall be visited upon the children to the third aHd fourth generation." CHAPTER XXIV. the -maiiqn.s. But (he events of the night are not ovi-r. As sot Hi as 1 had seen mademoiselle comfortably ensconced in my old room upstairs, I returned to the sitting-room where idle marquis still lingered. He j wa3 standing 111 the window wii'-n I en tered, and turned with quite a bright face to greet nie. But that brightness soon vanished as he met my glance, and it was with something like dismay that he com mented upon my paleness, ana asked if 1 were ill. I told liim that I was ill at ease ; that events of a most serious nature were transpiring in the house ; that lie was concerned in them heavily, grievously ; that I could not rest till 1 had taken him into my confidence, and shown him upon what a precipice he was standing. He evidently considered me demented, but as he looked at me longer, and noted my steady and unflinching gaze, he gradually turned pale, and uttered, in irrepressible anxiety, the one word — " Ilonora !" " Bliss Urquhart is well," 1 began, " and is as ignorant as yourself of the shadows that hover over you. She is all 1 innocence and truth, sir, Honor, candor 1 and purity dwell m her heart and happi- , ness in her eyes. Yet is that happiness threatened by the worst calamity that can befall a sensitive human being, and it you hold her in esteem — " " J/« foil'' he broke in, with violent impetuosity. " 1 do not esteem her ; 1 love her. What are these secrets '( How is lier happiness threatened 'i Tell me without hesitation, for 1 have entreated | her to be my wife, and she — " | " She thinks it is a parent's whim, alone, which keeps lier from responding I fully to your wishes," 1 finished. "But madame's objections have deeper ground than that. Miserable woman as Bhe is, she has some idea of honor left. She knew her daughter could not safely marry into a high and noble family, and so — " " What is this you say ?" came again in I the qu'.-k and hurried tours of despair. " Mrs. Urquhart — " " Wait," I broke in. " You call lier Mrs. Urquhart, but slie has 110 claim to that title. She and Edwin Urquhart have never been married." He recoiled sharply, with a gesture of complete disbelief. " How do you know ?" he demanded. " They are strangers to you. I have known them in their own home. Ail the world credits their marriage, and — " " All the world does not know what transpired in this house sixteen years ago, when Edwin Urquhart stopped here with his bride on his way to France." He stared, seemed shaken, but pre sently hastened to remark : "Ah, madame, you acknowledge that slie is his wife. You said bride. One does not call a woman by that name without acknowledging a marriage ser vice." ! " The woman he brought here teas his bride. Edwin Urquhart is no common criminal, Marquis de la Roche- Guy on." It was hard to make him understand. Tt was hard to undermine his trust, step by step, inch by inch, till lie found 110 hope, 110 shred of doubt to cling to. But it had to be done. If only to avert worst calamities, and more heart-rending scenes, he must know at once, and before he took another step in relation to Miss Urquhart, just what her position was, and to what shame and suffering he was sub jecting himself, by accepting ber love and pledging his own. The task was not done till I had shown him this diary of mine, and related all that had just occurred in the room below. Then, indeed, lie seemed to comprehend his position, and completely crushed and horror-stricken, subsided into a dreadful silence before me, the lines of years com ing into his face as I watclud lam, till he became scarcely recognisable for the lordly and light-hearted cavalier whoso dreams of love I had so fearfully inter rupted some half hour or so before. From this lethargy of despair 1 did not seek to rouse hiin. 1 knew when he had anything to say he would speak, and till he had faced the situation and had made up Ill's mind to his duty, I could wait hia decision with perfect confidence in liis fine nature and sense of honor. You may, therefore, imagine my feel ings. when after a long delay — an hour at least — he suddenly remarked : " We have been a proud familv. From time immemorial we have held ourselves aloof from whatever could be thought to stain our honor or impeach our good name. I cannot drag the unfathomable disgrace of all these crimes into a record so pure as that of the Roche-Gnyon race. Though I had wished to bestow upon my wife a name and position of which slie could be proud, 1 must content inyselt with merely giving her the comfort of a true heart, and such support as can be provided by a loving but unaccustomed hand." " Marquis — " I commenced. But he cut my words short, with a firm and determined gesture. " My name is Louis De Fontaine," he explained. " Henceforth my cousin will be known as the marquis. It is the least I can do for the old French honor." "JL'was so simply, so determinedly done, that 1 stood aghast as much at the serenity of his manner as the act which required such depth of sacrifice from one ot his traditions and rearing. " Then you continue to consider your self the suitor of Miss Urquhart?" I stam mered. You will marry her, though her parents may be called upon to perish upon the scaffold 111 an ignominy as great as ever befell two guilty mortals ?" The answer came brokenly, but with I unwavering strength : " Did you not say that slie was inno cent? Is she to be crushed beneath the guilt ot her parents ? Am I to take the last prop from one so soon to be bereft ot all the supports upon which she has leaned from infancy ? If I cling to her she may live through her horror and shame ; but should I fail her — great heavens ! would we not have another life to answer for be fore God 2 Besides," he added, with the simplicity which marked his whole bear ing, " I love her. I could not do other wise if I would." To this final word I could make no re joinder. With a reverence unmingled with the taint of compassion, I took my j departure, and being anxious by this time j to know how my young charge was bear- j ing her seclusion, I went to the room I where I had left her, and softly opened ' the door. — (To be Continued.) 