HOXI SOIT QUI 3IAE T PENEE. ^Fntot f'BuiBPEBS Weektt.5* 3Ir BertntmXainar sit oa the aim of a chair 111 the haH of the hotel at 3Tonterey,and idly swung Ms foot. T«mnar "was bored. An extended acquaintance with this young una forces me to confess that he was not often afflicted in that -way. "We know that no man can aspire to he of the Mghesfc fashion with ont constantly experiencing the pangs of this distinguished ailment, and yet 3Ir T^imar was unquestionably of the highest fashion. The most cursory, glance would tell you this. Any one could see that he belonged to the "best people, that he was used to the best people, that only the best people would be bearable to Mm Jt -was therefore -with humiliation that he confessed to himself how seldom—how singularly seldom, considering all Ms advantages—he felt the inspiring throes of boredom. "Who can guess how hard he tried to crush his exuberant -vivacity, to quell Ms laughter, to extinguish the .sparkle in his handsome brown eyes r He coold draw amusement from Philadelphia, find diversion at Tadmor in the "Wilderness. If you were a true devotee of fasMon,his un quenchable spirits would make your hair stand on end. Put now he was genuinely bored, and he felt joyously that any one could see he was. Indies passed—old ones, who swept up the dust; with trains, and who creaked as tber moved, as if they wanted oiling ; young ones, in light frocks and wide, flowered hats,winch casta shadow over the clearest eyes- They kept banging open the glass doors and going out into the blaze of sun beyond, with a bursting into bloom of lace parasols, or coming into the cool of the hall , with the rustling, silken sheathing of the parasols suddenly furled, and the tapping of little heels on the hard floor. He never glanced at them. Put they didat him—swiftly,obliquely —from under the hat-brim out of the shadow. He looked away, with raised chin and indolently dropped eyelids ; hut about Ms heart he began to feel a little creeping, warm titillation of interest, a premonition that he was not going to keep bored very much longer- There was one girl—she kept going to and fro—and, as he looked on the ground, could see the hem of her dress and her fecL They were pretty feet in yellow shoes, small and pointed. Mr Xainar found himself ruminating : 44 Suppose the head is as pretty as the feet. But it never is. There's a law of compensation which pre vents that. The head which belongs to those feet is thirty-five- r? And he looked up. The head matched the feet to perfection. Mir Lamar felt that he did not look bored any longer. Bather, however, than sacrifie this dearly bought and enviable condition of being, he turned Ms back on that enchanting head, and sauntered into an adjoining room. There would be no one to look at here to destroy the aristocratic vacuity of his tiiTihI . The room was empty, ecoh ami Aim. It had uak-ehairs aud tables mid wniuig- dcsks, Ke3--teen walls, aud a great win Jo w opening on the balcony. Outside there were old ladies sitting under a forest of parasols JSevoud were velvety sweeps of ciose-eropped turf. dappled with short shadows shrinlaiig to the tree roots. Snlinters of dusty sun-fight crept down the boh* of the stately cedars and trembled on tbe white dresses of paying «rirls. There were glimpses of spiked uiifold fan-palms and rustling inelancholy dracamrts. fat Arizona lariuses of an nnhealthv laorbid hue, and little s«iuat,_ flat, nrieklv lireen things growing in irritable confusion. 3Ir Lamar felt thai he might iraze upon this prospect tor an infinitude 01 rime and remain bored. But fate willed otherwise. As he entered the room he saw something on the floor near the table. He picked it up. It was a baud about aa ineb and a lialf wide, covered witu a puckered, yellow ribbon, and with one end iim lliroutrli ti cjiti*p <>i dull silver, showiug a monogram in small diamonds. There was a bunch of narrower velloiv ribbon beside the c!usp,eaeli end finished with u little iongueless silver oelL It appeared to Lamar, from some lumgin"" filaments of thread, that this hand had once heen stitched together. He looked curiouslv at his find. "What can it be?" he mused, staring at it. We have said that he was young, and came of the best people, and with tlie best |>eople tbere is always a doubt as to whether possess such unmentionable tilings as legs. ""Wings, not legs and feet, shall move them." as the poet gracefully expresses it. J first thought lie would rake it to the office. But curiosiiv impelled him to jstudv it. It might be worn round the neck: but no: it was not long enough. He drew" the severed ends together, and held it off from him. eyeing it dubiously, and reflcetivelv jmlliug his small moustache- Oh, ws of course. 3>owhesaw. How dense he had been! A bracelet. Holding it together, he pushed his hand through it and it swung on his wrist. " X don't tbtiV I ever saw a bracelet just like that before." he thought moving it round and looking at itwithhis head on one side. And then, as he looked at it,eame a sudden flash of wakening light, aud, for a moment, he stood staling at it in stupefied horror as it hung over his wrist. With the return of consciousness, he crumpled it up and crushed it into his poeket What should he do with it? If he took it u> the office, its owner would never dare to claim it If he found out who she was, he would never dare to offer it. Tfe could imagine the s-ecac - .A lovely mid youthful lady is discovered walking in the corridors. To her appears 3Ir Bertram Tawfl, tt, full evening dress, with a white pink Jn his button-hole. Slaking toward her, he executes one of those majestic yet easy bows for which the Lamar fondly have "been famous ever since their illustrious founder came over in.theilayflower, and stepping ashore on Plymouth Bock, which las since bashfully retired before ihe ad vances of the boisterous Atlantic, greeted the TrJm Chief Walla-Walla with so elegant a salute that the rancor of that untamed htT^wmn incited like snow before thaw. Then, drawing a package from his -pocket, 3Ir Lamar presents it to her, mur muring, " Tours, I believe,"' and vanishes through a trap-door. He might give it to her, and then pretend to be prostrated by the heat, and fidl on the floor with his eyes shut, to avoid embarrassing her by witnessing her inevitable confusion. The Lamars were also famous for their chivalrous attitude toward the sex. But can a man be prostrated by heat on a day when the thermometer in its most ambitiously soaring moments can oulv struggle up to seventy five degrees? What should he do to spare her feelings and his own? And he turned fhn cause of his perturbation over in his pocket Just then he heard a step outside—a feminine frou-frou. With a guilty start, he retreated from the table, fell into a chair, and seized the morning paper, in which he buried his head. Any one noting this fact would of course imagine that he slumbered, and feel themselves safe from cspiaL " It is she," thought Bertram, seized with guilty tremors: "she has come to hunt for it," and he remained motionless. So did she. There was hot the smallest. vibrating rustle from her rilent figure-. Bertram rattled the paper, stabbed a little hole through it with his finger, and i>eepcd at her. She was standing hi the doorway, peering about the room, aud she mas the young lady with the yellow shoes. She was charmingly pretty, in a light dress of striped flannel and a loose shirt of thin silk, made like a boy's. "Under the turned-down collar was knotted a four-in-liand necktie of white pique, and about her waist wasa woven silk belt clasped with a silver S She was slowly sweeping the room with a long glance, only her head moving, her figure finely erect, her right thumb in ber belt," and her left hand hanging by her ride, and lightly clasping a little leathern thong whiehwas wound about her knuckles" As to bar head—that lovely head with strong brown hair curling up crisply under her sailor hat, delicately rounded cheeks, and •wavdv pouring lips—it was an image of soft, delicious beauty. At her ride sat a little pug-dog on its haunches, gasping and rolling its eyes. She cart a hurried glance at tlie geiitle fw,ti reading the paper, and walked into the room, looking intently about the floor. _ "What would riie say," thought Bertram -ag rise passed him in her search, " If I were to innocently ask her what she's looking for, a-nfl gallantly offer to help her find it ? But I'll spare her that, even though I do appear a clown," and the hero peeped "^She" was certainly hunting thoroughly- I She moved several of the chairs, drew up the ) pM„,rf,ir.t and looked under them, peered | 3nto all the corners and under the tables and I lound the desks. "What the deuce could she have been , doing?" thought the young man; "she j must have been playing puss-m-lhe-corner its. I'll burst with curiosity soon, or forfeits, and hit her with one of the pieces, When she had searched everywhere, she straightened herself with a sigh, threw one last reluctant look about the room, and call ing to the pup, ii Gome along, dearest: it isn't here/' departed. Bertram laid down the paper and looked after her. She appeared to l»Tm to have a singular amount of ."aa^-frcul, also a very graceful back. How well she walked I How proudly she carried he small dark head 1 "When she was out of sight he cautiously drew forth the yellow hand and studied the monogram. It -was exceedingly complicated, and seemed to him to consist mainly of large Brs, with small O's distributed about thein. 44 B. & 0.," said be musingly: t: Baltimore and Obio I Perhaps her papa is a railway nam. and this is a touching evidence of final devotion. "What a sweet girl!" 3Ir Lamar was not bored that afternoon. He was consumed with perplexity. How could he return the lost treasure to its owner without causing her embarrassment, without making her his enemy for life r If it had been anything else, how delightfully he could have broken the ice -with it. But to break the ice with that historic emblem—impossible I It would have exactly the opposite elt'cet. and cause the ice to form as beneath a breath from the Arctic. He roamed. about listlessly. It was a wann afternoon-, and outside the glass doors there was a great blaze and glare of sum After lunch., the guests dispersed- The dowagers lumbered upstairs to appear resplendent at dinner- time,and sit along the hall-room walls watching three gyrating couples try to imagine, like the ambitious tittle goats who endeavored to persuade themselves that they were cows, that they were attending a huge and select ball of the most brilliant gaiety and fashion. The younger married women also withdrew, to lounge away the afternoon in goldeu-moied gloom behind drawn blinds, tiriving-i^artics started out with laughter and gay voices, the snapping of whips, and the grinding of gravel under revolving wheels. Away they whirled down the drive, streaked* with already lengthening shadows, to range along winding yellow roads beside the uiauy sounding sea, where dart writhing cypresses crouched before the angry breezes, or steal through noiseless, dim, dun-colored woods, silent and dripping with funereal mosses, the sad ghosts of once green and whispering forests. Some of the young ladies strolled over the lawn,away through light aud shade, parasol on shoulder, book in hand. Then it grew very hot aud still. The surf boomed faintly on the disbint shore. There was the long roll and crash of balls from the bowling-alley, and a gentle, occasional clicking from the billiard-rooiu. The clerk read a novel with his feet on the desk : down in the barbers shop the barbers were sill in white jackets, reading papers. In the glass-covered end of the balcony enormous dies buzzed ceaselessly, and bees swung In the cups of the huge drowsy headed popples. The shadows stole across the velvet sward, a leaf circled languidly downward through the stm and sliade. The afternoon was steeped in the strange silence which broods over the Califomian landscape. Here was a condition of things to liave bored a newly liberated convict, to have subdued the high spirits of a miss fresh from the convent. tint 3tr Lamar was not bored. He even did not care whether he looked so or not. Ilis pride was sliattered. lie sat on the balcony.and there being no one to dispute his loneliness, he put both legs over the arm of his cimir. clasped his bauds behind Lis head, aud tilted his hat 011 to the bridgeof his nose. Ifrom under the hat-brim rose occasional thin spirals of smoke and long sighs. : I murt give it to her this evening,lie bought; ** I'll wrap it up in paper and tie one of the ribbons round it that are on that jnoi"d:oir-<t:ise Afillv gave sue. Then, if she asks me—as of course she will—what it is. 1*11 say carelessly : * Oh, nothing I dust a little trifle I think l»elougs to you. J)ou?t hurry to own ir. Have you noticed what a beautiful night it is r And so 1*11 engage licr in al>sorbIng conversation. Hut if the conversation is not sufficiently absorbing and she begins to open it. I must tiee from the wrath to come. And when next I meet her, dying to speak or even bow to liei. there will be a wall of ice ranged between us. She will turn her profile toward ine and l*eeome en grossed in tlie beauties of the laudseai*e. She is the irony of fate." The languorous afternoon burned itself away in loitering stages of deepening light and color to a smouldering crimson sunset. Dinner loomed in the near distance, and was aWailVtl U ltli A>Ull C'A|KtUuy> . At M)VOU o'clock, Air Lamar came slowly down the hroad stairs, looking as handsome as the young 3>Ionyrius in his dress-suit, Lis shin ing shirt-bosom, and a white pink 211 lib? buttonhole. The hall was full of moving figures and a blaze of ligbt and color. Guy ming laughter andbroken ends of sentences detached themselves from the hum of voices. Splendidly dressed ladies passed and re passed in couples, in threes, in long lines, or stood in groups, with gas-light breaking in myriad little splinters on their tumbled trains of soft silk, and sliding with glossy radiance along their half-bared arms. There was a fluttering and sweeping of fans, a rustling or rich crushed fabrics. Outside there was still light. Through Lreaksjin the foliage gleamed the fiery eye of the angry sunset. The summits of the taller trees were touched with a lingering bright ness, but in their odorous shadows lurked dewy- dusk. Air Lamar was too perturbed in mind to care to mingle with the gay,loud voiced, laughing crowd. He wished for soli tude. and directed his steps towards the little writing-room. He had not wrapped the treasure in paper, nor tied it up with a ribbon from his mouchoir-case. He had not done anything with it. He did not dare. The sight of its owner might inspire him, to the desperate pitch of boldly offering it to her, or suggest to hftn some cunning way of returning it without betraying the ideutity of the finder. AYith these ideas in his mind he carried it still in his pocket, in company witli his keys, jingling on the end of a The gas in the writing-room was not lit. Hod gleams shot in from between the great boles of the cedar-trees :md touched the sea green walls. ]Mr Lamar liked the softened light and the pensively faint prospect, and went to the open window. oust outside it, on the balcony, in a Shaker rock ing-chair, was the young lady who had worn the yellow shoes. She was reading and rocking, her pug inher lap : and if she was pretty in her flannel morning-dress, words can not describe her in u mist of flue black gauze, cut square round the neck, and show ing her arms to the elbow. Her skill was as white and flawless as a blanched almond. There was the gleam of a gold pin from the shadow of her dark hair, and a Jewel hung round her neck rose and fell with, her quite breath. As she read, she absently pulled the pug's cars, wliich drowsed with its eyes half-opened and its head against her arm. Lamar looked- She turned the page. The pug, disturbetLrose to its fore- jiav.*s. gazed at her with an expression of idiotic fondness, and tried to lick her chin. She avoided tliis demonstration of affection by moving her chin from side to side, keeping her eyes still on the book. The pug continuing, she struck it gently, observing : 44 Don't, you had little abominable dog ~ I beg tout pardon,'* said Lamar suddenly from the window. The lady looked up, with the raised eye brows of polite inquiry. ii X have something of yours," said the 3*oung man, desperately, and in a low tone. 44 Yes •* "What is tluiir" 441—I—don't quite know. Or, rather— well—but—inn! I didn't like to leave it at the oifice. I thought—yes—I thought " He leaned out of the window, with Ins closed liand extended. 44 Here it is." She held out her hand, and he dropped it in. She looked, and gave :in exclamation of joy that caused the pug to Jump to the ground. " Oh, how glad I am 1 Thanks so much. Thanks awfully! X was so afraid it was lost. Isn't that lucky r" And she looked affection ately at the returned treasure, with her head on one side. There was light enough to sec her face distinctly. She did not exhibit a sign of embarrassment, not the ghost of a blush. Tgim.tr felt a sudden chill of disappointment and disapprobation. 44 You found it in there r" she said, indi cating the -writing-room, and looking up at him with frank, candid, eyes; " yes; that's where it was lost." 44 I—I supposed so," said Lamar, with a wan smile. 44 I looked for it myself this morning all orer," she continued; "under everything; but it was gone." "Yes?" said the young man, with a fatuously inquiring air. ("If she knew I was behind the paper, she'd ask me why .1 didn't give It to her then and there ; and what the deuce would J say r X couldnt tell her that X was afraid she -would be cm barassed, for such an idea has apparently never entered her head. X must dissemble," thought he.) 441 value this very much," she went on, turning it over in her hand. 44 X should imagine so." ' 44 You see there is only one like it. There is not a simple duplicate anywhere." \- She looked smilingly into his face. Juamar stared at her in stupificd horror. "Only one—-did you. say?" he -managed to articulate in a faint aoice. " Only one," she repeated, nodding her head ; it was made to order.77 There was a moment of;, silence. Lamar made no comment, but continued to stare vacantly at her. He was thinking : "It must have been an accident. She can't he a veteran of the war. I might have known it—the law of compensation again. Such a lovely face as that must have some counter balancing defect.77 44 "When you have only one—and tluit such a pet,77 she continued, not noticing his silence, " you like to have everything a pretty as possible.77 "Yes, yes. Of coarse, of course,71 ejaculated Lamar, laughing idiotically. "If you have only one. I expect it must be somewhat of a treasure,77 he thought. Then he added boldly, but with the air of confiding a piece of news: " I have two.77 44 Two!77 said the young lady, with vivacious interest; 41 what kind?77 Lamar looked askance at her, in alarmed silence. "Was she doubly afflicted? She was stiikiug the pug with the tips of her fingers, and there was nothing in her placid expression to suggest mania of any form. 44 The same as everybody else's,77 he answered, with some hauteur; 44 are the people in fhi< part of the country in the habit of managing with one ?77 44 As a rule, they have only one; it7s so much less bother. Though, to he sure, I have a friend who has—let . me see—yes, eleven.77 44 She must be a centipede,77 thought Lamar: 441 seem to be encountering re markable freaks of nature. There Is a fortune waiting here for any one who wants to start up a dime museum.77 Then he re marked aloud, regarding her with his head on one ride, a tolerant, fond smile on his lips: " Thiif. must be quite an ciubarras dc riclicssc, especially wheu you7rc walking. "They do get rather in the way,77 ad mitted the young lady; 44 but most of them are very well trained.77 44 Very clever of them, I am sure,77 murmured Lamar, leaning against the window-frame, and feeling that he -was about to SWOOll- I There was another short silence, during which the girl continued to examine her restored treasure. Presently she said, musingly: " I see the threads are broken. She lias broken them once before, though I don* t see liow she can possibly do it." Lamar only stared and swallowed. She held his glance with a horrible, eerie fasci nation. u You know she loves to run about so," she prattled on: " she run away from uic this morning, and when she came back, it was gone. She must have crept under the table, and not come out until she had got it off." "Who is she /" asked Lamar, in a voice from the tombs. "She'r Why, Bobo—my pug. .Isn't she a heautvCome up here, Bobo"—pat ting her knee—" I want to put your collar on, and show this gentleman, who was kind enough to return it, how pretty you look when you're all dressed up." She held the band round the dog's neck, and, turning to Lamar, said, with laughing archness: " Isu't it becoming r" Lamar sat down on the window-sill. He was not bored, hut he took up the morning piper, wliich lay on an adjacent desk, and began to fan liimscif with it, though the evening had grown cool. 