« BLOW FOR BLOW.' 'v ? Sir, —I havo soon MIbb Lillian Carew's letter, or rather tbat of her husband, Mr. Molyneuz, complaining of certain criti cisms in the Daily N6ws, ns also an insulting attack upon myself. With tho remarks anent the criticism I havo no concern ; but I am rather glad than othorwiso to see tho last paragraph, for it gives me an opportunity of asking you to publish the balance sheet of the performance. With tho production of the play I had nothing whatever to do, nor had I tho expenditure of a single ponny. I was asked to hold tho money taken as Treasurer aB a favour to tho amateurs who took part for reasons boat known to themselves, and perhaps bost not entered into, but which I have Bincobeeu ablo to gather ; but I may say that whon asked to act I was informed that unless I did so Mr, Haynou would not tako part. X conaonted. Tho receipts were as stated below, and as I did not take any of the money myself, whioh was Bimply handed to me by tho money takers, theso can be checked if desirod. A number of bills wero given to mo to pay out of tho takings, which, with tho exception of Bmall items for doorkeepers, oto,, wero paid by ohoques drawn ' to order ' j these thoreforo can always be seen. Mr, Molynoux complains that on tho second night the ' Ghost did not walk'-iu other words tho ladies' salaries were not paid. On trie second night when I informed the gentlemetl taking part how tho receipts stood they all agreed that no salaries should be paid befow the jtwt accounts were liquidated. There was not enough to paj ovrn these until on tho following dfiy I got nnwly everyone to mrtke a; reduction la hib noopUnt.- Mr. Molynoux was told by nw that the salaries could n'ot fa prticl on aocotmt « the smallnoss' of tins trtkings-o*' rathpr I should say, the very excessive' expenditure whioh had beoD inourred. He idtfuteti that it was proper to pay sauries first, and, although ho did nut eay so, I presume he meant, let the outside oreditors wmstie. Such a ooumg I consider would have been extremely improper, and I should have been disregardiug the injunctions of all the gentlemen assisting in the piece had I followed Mr. Molynenx's wishes. Mr, Molynoux may perhaps feel hurt that I waH not advised by him, especially as he gave me tho benefit of his experience that artists salaries were always firat paid. If II bo wrong in aoting as I did I am mam«i*« £/%?? 14- Kiii* T nnyimlnA Alii*, flia inat*.|.1ina BUliy IUI II', UllU 4- UflkllCIA VUV WJU .»»»»»»?'- tions of tho30 who asked me to take the poBtion I did, and in accordant with ray view of what was right. Mr. Molyneux thinks otherwise and no doubt be will find out, ore he puts on many more pieces in Perth, whether the outside public appreoi ate his sentiments on the subject, or those of the gentlemen who took part itt ' Blow for Blow 'and my own. I sea that Mr. Molyneux endeavors to make some capital of the fact that his wifo only consented to appear because it was ' for the benefit of a professional,' But it will be seen that she only consented to aot on her services being paid for, and that her husband did not seom to1 mind or cure as to what became of the poor benellclarc as long as she herself was paid. As far as I am aware no salaries are ever paid for benefit performances, and it seomB to me to be vory questionable taste to hold out tbat a benefit is boing given, and at the same tin-e object to the non- payment of salaries. The following is t statement of the re ceipts and expenditure for the two nights, Total receipts : ^30 Gs, Expenditure : First night, Mr. Bellair M 2s. j Miss Lillian Carew M 2s. 1 Mrs. Gibbs .£1 jMr. Ander son, £2 5s. j Mr. Clougb, XI Is, Second night : Railway Reading Room (rehearsals) £1 j Mr. W. B. Crouoh (printing and potty cash advances) £2 6b, j Stone & Burt, (hire of ball)X5 10s, 1 Mr. Anderson, £2 2s. ; ticket takers, hall keeper, &o.;, 25s. i Mr. Bellair (per Mr. R. S. Haynes), 6s. ; West Australian proprietors, £t; Daily News proprietors, X3 j Mr, Zimpel (hire of fur niture), los. 1 J. lianott, (tiire or cnairsj 7s. Gd. j C, Oakley, (carting) 16s. j in hand, (for bill poster) 6b, j balance, 6s. Od, ; total, .£30 Gs. Outstanding debts (salaries) : Mr. Bel. lair, £1 7s, 6d. j Mr. Clough, .£1 7b. ; Mrs. Molyneux, 41 13s. j Mrs. Gibbs, £1 5 Mr. Pratloy, (cab hire for Mr, Anderson) 10s. j total, £h 17s. Gd.— Yours, &c;, A. LOVEKIN. Perth, Sept. 14. 