UNITED METHODIST SUANDA SCHOOL TnE anniversary services of the above were celebrated on Sunday last when three sermons were preached; in the t morning by the Rev. W. H. Chapman of Fitzroy, from the text : " Have received the Holy Ghost since ye believed ?' Acts xix-2. In the after noon at 3 o'clock the Rev. B. Whitfield t of Yarraville, occupied the pulpit, and ' preached a very appropriate sermon ° from .the words " And there arose another generation after them, which knew not the.Lord, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel"--Judges ii-lO. At both of these services the congregrations were good,: and the children sang well the pieces selected for the services. At the evening ser: vice the holding capacity of the church t was taxed, every available seat being occupied, and the pastor of the church 8 the Rev. G. W. Harrison, was the r preacher chosen for this service. After the opening hymn and prayer the r children sang for a chant " Hear the M Trumpet loudly calling," with credit to themselves and Mr Cock, the conductor. This was followed by reading of Scrip ture, and after another hymn well " rendered by the children the preacher announced as his text " That our sons ' may be as plants grown up in their ' youth, that our daughters 'may'be as corner stones polished after the simili tude of a palace." Psalm 144-12. He said' there are responsibilities resting 0 upon each of us which it is impossible. to shake off. Each man is responsible, ti to a certain extent, for his soul's salva tion-God had provided the means and men are able to accept or reject, which makes their salvation a matter T of personal responsibility. Parents T have responsibilities which they feel they know it is their duty to provide J for the temporal wants of their children, a also to attend to the training of those Pi whom God has committed to their ` care. How often parents attend to the one and neglect the other, which tl is of greatest importance. In looking as at the text the first thought suggested w is that every true parent should adopt tt the earnest desire expressed. Two w beautiful figures were used here which as it would be well to look at separately. (1.) Sons grown up as plants. Plants were both beautiful as well as useful. p Thorns and weeds are not desired by at the gardener-he sees nothing beauti- a ful or even useful in them, in fact he pays strict attention to get rid of them. But in every plant he takes more or less interest, besto*ing upon each a p certain amount of attention and time, of and what pleases him more than to see it the plants growing and flourishing as a reward for his labours. The true ia parent desired to see the sons grow up is up as plants-increasing in bodily b' strength, improving intellectually, as well as morally and spiritually good. 5 If such is to be the case they must be U as one writer states-".To grow good ft men they must be like the tree, and allow nothing to come between them bi and heaven." (2.) Thatour daughters o, may be as corner stones polished after f the similitude of a palace. Beauty is the thought impressed ec upon us by this. Perhaps the beauty l of the corner stones of the king's a palace, or even the pillars of the temple P suggested this thought. However, 11 this expression does not imply that the co body should haveallattention bestowed A upon it to the neglect of everything t else, which, we fear, is the case in some d instances. But the polish and beauty ti desired is that of the mind, the spirit, ti which, if right, will influence the ti manners, the speech, and even the t adornment of the body. Usefudness is ti also included in the figure, for the V corner stone is not only beautiful, but P useful. The corner stone bears some weight and also joins the building to. v gether. Hence, our daughters should I grow up to be useful. What the h world wants to-day is useful and beau- C tiful women. The world owes much a to the beautiful Godfearing mothers of the past, who have nobly done t1 their part, and 'as a result of U their labours, many of the blessings we , enjoy today are largely due to them. tl If these two ideals of perfection are to b be attained, as parents, we must further notice a duty which is suggested by f, the text, viz., we must labour. Hard I work must be done by the gardener to b secure perfection. Every shrub, every a plant and tree, demands a certain t amount of labour. There is the graft- s iny, pruning, diggmg, watering, train. a ing, &c.; If the gardener is attentive p to each of these, he is sure of reward; if he neglect-failure must of neces sity follow. Again, when we look att the beautiful polished corner stone, we remember that this was not its original state. Much, yea, very much, labour has been bestowed upon it ere it was fit for the place it now occupies. We must gobanck to the quarry and look at the quarryman working until the sweat runs from his brow, as he is 1 getting this stone from the quarry. a Then the mason has a work to do,~ and must labour hard and long ere the stonie is fit bforits present place. And does not this teach us that our children, the boys and girls, will notbe as plants I grown up in their youth, and the daughters as corner stones polished after tle similitude of a palkcit little I or no labour is .bestowed upon the-m. Theraetans~ be-precp:" Inattruetion must be given, and it is the parents' duty to impart the necessary instrzc tion. God expects parents to do this. Parents are not the sole proprietors of the children, for the little ones belong to God, who has only lent them to the parents for a time to train up for Him. Ihave often heard it said that' "ex ample is betterthanprecept." Whether this be true or not, I would also en deavour to impress upon you the im ~portance of example. Parents should do right themselves, as the children naturally take them as their models, and endeavour to do as father and I mother does. I we.aset a God-like example, there is every probability et our children walking in our footsteps. Parents should be careful in the.con, versation they engage in, the. words theyuse. Becareful as to how they employ their time. Be careful as,to Iwhatthey engage in, and also as to where they go. If parents. read ithe Bible, love and fear God, pray with and for theirchildren, engage onlyin theld things that are right, and:ttend .reuarly the' hoqs of pidyer they will theirsona to be as plants grown up in their youth and their daughters as corner stones polished after the imili. tude ed a palace he tee meeting was heald in the Schoolroom oan the Tuesday following; wheh t ladies who hhaad p?ovidil for Sthe creature wanta had a -ery WIas of it. The nueiiber at4 I imre thian on any previoui ie the.ladies were at to thi teak ia4 had abundanc I~ O that ba y was uw pll db J5 luU imO #utin ttlowq .4 ~ia- ur absence of Dr. e Feve, 3.L.j thei Rev. G.. W. Harrison ocicupied the chair, and at the conclusion of a brief address said he had a very pleasing duty. t perform. He then referred to. the attention and interest manifested by Miss Daws, the school orginist,. during the past three years, and was glad it had been decided to giveher four volumes of "Hoyles Voluntaries for the Organ," and he had much pleasure in presenting her with them on behalf of the School. He then stated he was glad that the conductor of the singing, Mr. Cock, had not been forgotten, as the great interest he had-'taken in. the singing of the "children for the last three anniversaries had largely tended to make them such. a success; it therefore gave him much pleasure in presenting, on behalf of the school, a handsome silver mounted' baton, with a suitable inscription en graved on it. Mr. Cock suitably replied for himself and Miss Daws, after which the secretary's report was read which was of a very encouraging nature, and then the programme of singing, recitations, and dialogues followed, the children acquitting them selves well. When the programme was half through the prizes were pre sented to the children by the chairman, each child appearing well pleased with what it received. Votes of :thanks were proposed, and seconded by. the Rev. W. H. Chapman, Messrs L Huyry and Simmons, after which one of the most successful' anniversaries was brought to a close by the Benedic tion. 