Sporting Gossip. [ i [BT. THE "VAQBANT.] Although as may be naturally surmised the great bulk of public sporting interest is devoted to the rapidly approaching Hawkesbury and A. J. C. meetings, some local concern still remains to be centered in the reunion of the Northern Jockey Club, which is fixed for Friday next, and that fact alone should give it first place in my weekly budget Very fair entries numerically have been received, and there should be some very fair racing, but the quality of the nags is far from being Al at Lloyd's, and it appears as if the days when racehorses some- times did have a cut in for a Northern Jockey Club prize have vanished never to return. However, we will have to make the most of the goods the gods provide, and so here's at 'em. Ira is top weight in the Flying Handicap, and although the daughter of Chester has lately showed signs of im- provement, I cannot bring myself to believe that Mr. Quinton's estimate of her abilities are correct. For my part I think Stewardess could beat her over any distance, and under any medium weight, so will discard the Wallsend mare in my selections. With an even 8st the erratic Stewardess is fairly treated, but if Madame only consents to do her best I fancy the daughter of Clan Stuart will not glad- den the hearts of the Singleton contingent. I am told that Neotsfield is improving, but I do not care for him, and when I write Madame, Stewardess, and Grey Combo I think I have done my duty. The Oaks is not badly used in St. Patrick's Handicap if she were all right, but I am told she is greatly off. Of the others commend me to the "chances of Odd Stockings, Stewardess, and Ptolemy, and they may finUh in that order. The Welter Handicap wears a rather open appearance of which the earlier races may rob it on the eourse, but if Combo be worth a feed of oats as a racehorse and Zareba runs straight the better of the pair ought to win. There ore two hack races, one with welter weights the -other for nags that have never won â prize, to be run during the afternoon, and entries can be made on the course. Antecedent to Rutherford races, but of course not of so much interact to Maitlanders, is the gathering at Singleton on Wednesday and Thurs- day next, when my friends of Patrick's Plains should have a real good outing. If Crossus and Toronto were wound up I think it is odds the former would beat the Kirkham cast-off at equal weights over six furlongs, but I understand the chestnut is hardly ready, and se positions may bo changed. Thus it is I advise Toronto as the winner of the Flying, with Crcesusnext best and perhaps Test may be dangerous. I wonder why Mr. Quinton asks Combo to give Zareba 41b. over 6 furlongs in Maitland, and Zareba to give Combo 51b. over 6 furlongs at Singleton ? If St. Leger is as well as he should be he ought to win the Autumn Handicap or the Singleton Han- dicap, and Roxanna and Stewardess should be most dangerous to the GuH*e4*h representative. Cembo may account for the Welter Handicap, and if Jaek Kerr brings Th« Mason up from Sydney be should land the Hurdle Race, barring accidents, and of course they will happen in the best of regulated jumping races. If Stewardess saddles up for the Redbournberry Handicap she ought to just struggle home before Arniston. I learned a good bit about the sensational Queensland colt Fernando previous to the late V.R.C. meeting from one source and another, and was consequently a. good deal collared on him, but I never dreamt that a friend of mine would ever have the chance of training him. Still it is the unexpected which always happens, and the son of Foi'onia and others of Mr. Kent's string are now in charge of Mr. Tom BftCarthy, at Randwick. A more noted trainer could easily have been found, but not a Payten, Lamond, Kelso, or Fielder among them all can give Tom a pound and a beating for carefulness, honesty, and attention to busines, and Mr. Kent made a wise selection. M'Carthy now has in addition to Fernando our old northern friends Mikado and Laguna, The General, Empress, and two or three others to keep them company. The gentle nature of the average Yankee can be imagined from the fa«A that whilst Peter Jackson was giving an exhibition at New Orleans lately a mob of Sullivan's friends rushed the stage, created a disturbance, broke chairs and other fixtures, whilst Peter had to make a rapid exit to save his life. Why, the Birmingham roughs who maltreated Slavin at Bruges are simply a parcel of harmless and paralytic idiots when compared with Sullivan's satellites ; and the character of the reception and fair play " Peter the ñtrnt," would receive from a crowd of them if he fought Sullivan, or any other whiteman, in the open in America is too unique for description. Why they would fill him with so many holes that there would only be aholo left, and that would so frighten Sullivan that it is big odds he would crawl into it and try and pull it after him. The Boston slugger's only excuse for not making a match with Jackson was that he would not do so until he got out of his Mississippi trouble, and as he escaped free I súpoos» the harmony will shortly begin-that is if he cannot find another peg on which to hang an objection. By the way Kilrain, whom Sullivan beat, got two months'imprisonment in default of paying a heavy fine, whilst Sullivan got off scathless. It looks as if the judges had their little bit on the former, doesn't it. AU admirers of a good horse will doubtless be glad to leara that it is now said the injury whioh Abercorn sustained in galloping at Flemington, is not so serious as at first feared, and it is just possible that the gallant chestnut will bear silk again. It will not however be at the approaching A. J. C. Autumn meeting, for he is an absentee in all races. A trip to the picturesquely situated township of the Paterson on Saturday next should well repay 'those in search of pleasure and profit, for the local Jockey Club will bring off a day's racing, the fields are fairly large, and it should not be difficult to find a winner or two in the five handicaps. In the Flying Handicap Glentworth should hold all his opponents as safe as if they were in their boxes and his owner held the keys. Of course it is possible the big chestnut will not win, but I fancy it would take a block and tackle to hold him. Grey Combo should bo second and Bracelet third. Unless Glontworth's stable mate Cardonessbe acutabove the usual run of "bush" nags, Saturn will land the Park Handicap. The Paterson Handicap is another dead snap for Glentworth, whilst old Colonel might just scramble home if depsnded on. The Welter Handicap ought to fall to Saturn, and the Handicap Selling Race will go", I suppose, to the favourite,-whatever that may be. Of course my readers will remember that Glentworth ran fairly well about Sydney, whilst Saturn wis once in the hands of Mr. Cornwell, and they are just a bit too good for the Paterson society, although not aristocratic enough for Town Hall Ball company. Although at first doubted it is true enough that Mr. William Gannon has been offered ¿82500 for the gallant little Melos by an American sportsman, who, however, would not go to the ¿63000 asked for the son of Goldsbrough and Melody. Anyone who wanted a great horse for exportation either for the course or the paddock could nob make a better selection, for the Cham- pion winner is a very symmetrical, well-bred, game, and sound animal in wind and limb, and is very Hear the top of the tree in Australia. What a mint of money ia in such a horse landed safely in England, where the majority of* the handicaps would be at his mercy. It is a pity some enterpris- ing sportsman or syndicate does not make the ex- periment. It is rumoured that Jake Gaudaur, the Canadian oarsman, will shortly arrive in Sydney to make a big bid for the rowing championship. With O'Connor, Gaudaur, Bubear, Stansbury, Kemp, M'Lean, Matterson, Brown, and other aspirants to the title all hard at work things in the world aquatic aro bound to be very lively before long. The Australians, however, are determined to settle the question of supremacy among themselves by a series of cross-cut matches between Kemp and Stansbury on the one hand, and Matterson and M'Lean on the other before allowing any of the invaders to take a hand. Most good judges think Stansbury will turn out to be our best representa- tive, but of course most good judges may be wrong, and if a surprise comes from any quarter it is likely to bo hanging round where the M'Lean roof trea is. We are likely to have a number of additional recruits to our equine warriors from New Zealand shortly. It is said James Kean will soon leave with Escutcheon, Leopold, Cuirassier, Fusee, and Montrose. The old Victorian identity, Harry Goodman, is bound for Sydney with Blizzard and Belvidere. Blizzard is a son of Gorton and Oudeis' half-sister, Lady Gertrude, and ho won the Dunedin Jockey Club Handicap a few weekB back. He is only among the second raters, though. The popular Hawkesbury Race meeting will be got through on Thursday and Saturday next ; but, notwithstanding that fact, betting is as dull as ditch- water ; indeed, duller than I ever remember it before. In the circumstances, therefore, my readers will pardon me for not foisting upon them what would, doubtless, prove a weary dissertation on the merits and demerits of the nags engaged. If Insignia be spun tor me .Kowiey lune ne ougnc to be hard to beat, and Golden Crown also has a very enticing appearance. Aristocrat is reported to be very well just now, so that if hi3 friends make up their minds to have a run for the Handicap he will about win, despite the 8st. 12lb. he has in the saddle. Yellowstone at 6st. 121b. is in as, well a, his friends could have expected, whilst if old Honey- dew were but the ghost of his former self the race would be merely a procession, but I fear he isn't, so Aristocrat may turn out the right pea. With the other events I will have nothing to do. The Australian Jockey Club's Autumn meeting commences on April 5, when the only event with which I can deal at present is the Doncaster Handicap, 1 mile, for which Titan was made a red hot favourite when the weights appeared, and he remained so until he was with- drawn, greatly to the dismay of the noble army of punters. The event is very open as all such races are, but I like Bonnie Spec, Highborn, and Rudolph as well as anything, but it is too early for a final selection. In the Sydney Cup, Carbine, Melos, and Dreadnought have decidedly the best of the bargain, although Sir William is very well in. If Fernando had undergone an uninterrupted preparation he would win with the feather of 7st. on his back, but I think his condition will not be up to the knocker, although so far I will retain him on my side. The little New Zealander, Billy Murphy, who is now ohampion light-weight of the world, has added another to his already long list of victims in Tommy Warren, an Englishman, and a real good one, too. Murphy beat him in four rounds, and as Warren was regarded ns 18-carat, Billy muBt have raked in dollars and honor. Next week I will tell my readers what I think of the Tocal yearlings, for I am to visit that famous nursery of the thoroughbred in a day or two. Among the generalpoBtponements.of race meetings which the flood necessitated was the initial gather- ing of the reoently formed Morpeth Jockey Club which has been compelled to put hack indefinitely. The club had a very fine course in preparation, but when the water got on it it was fairly spoiled. Jutland, nags ha,d a real picnic at the second ¿ay's rtmning of the Warwick Farm Club on Monday last. Chorister began by running second in the Flying Stakes, his stable mate Halcyon beat a good field in the Selling Race, Golden Crown I walked in in the big race, and Chorister made i amends for his previous defeat byjust getting home I in the Two-year-old Handicap. Chorister is a very ' powerful, muscular son of Goldsbrough and my old favourite Whirlwind, whom he resembles, and as his owner is one of the best and truest of our northern sportsmen, I am glad to chronicle his pef s victory. Although it was at first surmised that the great New Zealander Lochiel was purohaaed by Ruddings for stud purposes, that is not correct, for the son of Prince Charlie has been put into work, and it may be that he will speedily pay for himself. Ned Bitton, once well-known in the colonies a3 a pugilist, died in Melbourne during the week. At sports held at St. Arnaud, Victoria, on Mon- day last, W. Wilson, well- known in Maitland as a piper and all-round athlete, won the Quarter-mile St. Patrick's Cup, ran second in the mile, and won the Hurdle Race. Another ped named Flannigan ran three seconds, so that the pair had to put in a leal hard day's work. It may be remembered that a few weeks back " A Committeeman" of the Clarence Town Jockey Club and myself had a bit of difference as to the justice of withholding some prkes which Mr. Corbett's horse Accident won at the Clarence Town meeting. I claimed that the money should be paid Mr. Corbett; "A Committeeman" smiled at the idea. Just now it is Mr. Corbett who smiles j " A Committeeman " doesn't. The Clarence Town Club had to pay Mr. Corbett for two of the three races which he won at the meet- ing, and if he had taken my advice and appealed properly to the A. J. C. it is big odds he would have received the third prize also. At the recent meeting of the Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club the stewards did one of the queerest things possible. Three horses started in the Selling Race, the event looked like a a fake all round, and the committee's idea of the matter was conveyed by their action in disqualify- ing two of the competitors for a couple of years, but they placed the winner and paid him over the prize. They went a step farther, though, and declarad all wagera on the race off ! A good deal can be said on both sides of the question, but for the life of me I cannot see why if the committee considered Saturn party in the swim they did not disqualify him as well a3 the other offenders, and so make the event no race, instead of putting a premium on roguery. If on the other hand Saturn's owner and baokers were innocent of any jobbery why should they not be paid their fair winnings ? Anyhow it strikes me forcibly that the Club has nothing to do with betting at all, should not recognise it, in fact, and [ that the only authority on the subject is Tatter, sails. The Tenth Gaslight Handicap will be run on Maitland race night, and peds should remember that nominations close on Monday night. Tho full bill of fare for the Narrabri race meeting is published in this issue, and as entries are due on Monday, horseowners should study it. The big events arc ¿¡100 and £15. A New Zealand hurdle racer called Orient, who won the Steeplechase at Marlborough a few weeks back, is 15 years old, and has run in no fewer than 335 races. The horse is by Sultan from Lurline, Iand as.he ia as sound as a bell must be a real good bit of stuff. 