GENERALITIES. A musician thus defines woman at various ages : —At 15 years she is an arpeggio ; at 20, she is an allegro vivace ; at 30, she i* an accordo forte ; at 40, an andante ; at 60, commences the rondo fiaale; and at 60, the tremolo a la sondina. The latest of Mr. Montague Williams's stories pavs a tribute to tbe caustic wit of Sergeant Ballantyne. " He never speaks ill of any man," it WR casuallv remarked of a leader. of the bar. " No, of course not," r*^j oined the Sergeant promptly, "for he never talks oi anyone but himself." Mrs. Fussy—"I wish you would either shave yourself or let your whiskers grow ; it is frighttul for you to be going around with a week's beard on your face." Mr. FUSRV— " My dear, you make my life a burden. If I shave you say I look like a dried mummy, and if I don't you declare in two weeks that I am a wild best. Wbat's to be done ?'' While Mrs. Butler was playing Juliet at Philadelphia, and just when sbe had exclaimed, " Ob, cruel poison !" a tall, lean, gaunt, sandyhaired medical student in the stage DOX, derplv absorbed in the scene, thrust on his hat with a convulsive effort, crying out in a voice of thunder at the same time, " Keep him up, Juliet! I'll run and fetch tbe stomach pump.'' School inspector, examining a class—" Now, my little man, tell me what five and one make ?" No answer from the boy. Inspector again—" Suppose, now, I gave you five rabbits and then another rabbit; how many rabbit* would you have V Small boy—" Seven !" Inspector—" Seven ! How do you make that out V' Small boy—" Because I've got a rabbit o' my ain at hamo." " Are you an Oddfellow 1" " No, sir, I've been married a week." " I mean, do you belong to the order of Oddfellows ?'' " I belong to the order of married men." " Dear nae ! how dull ! Are you a Mason ?" " No, I'm a carpenter." ." Worse and worse. Are you a Son of Temperance ?" " Confound it, no ! I am a eon of Mr. Jobn Gosling." The querist went his way. A story is told of a shrewish Scotswoman who tried to wean ber husband from the dramshop by employing her brother to act tbe part of a ghost and frighten Jobn on bis way home. " Who are you 1" asked tbe farmer as the apparition rose before him from behind a hu«h. "I am Auld Nick," was the reply. " Are ye really 1" exclaimed tbe old reprobate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. " Mon, come awa. Gie's a shake o' vour hand ; I am married to a sister o* yours!" " And do vou love me so devotedly, dear," he s»id, "that you will give up home and friends and all that makes your voung life bright, and happy, to become my wife, and pr> with me to the uttermost ends of the world, if necessary ?" " Yen, George," she whispered •>oftlv ; "and when I am your wife, your thoughts shall be mv thoughts, your hopes my hoppp, your religion my religion ; and if yon should want me to go to the uttermost ends of 'he world with you, I will go—ob, so gladly, George—for I'm so fond of travelling »"' Two Highlanders, kilted in a primitive order, dropped inadvertently into an Episcopal chapel on a Sunday, and seated themselves in a respectable pew. Having never been in an Episcopal chBpel before, their Astonishment cannot he described on a beautiful symphony being struck up by tbe organist. At tbat instant a gentleman came to take poRnest-ion of ih»- seat, and civilly laid bis hand on the sh'-ulder i»f one of them, and pointed to the door. " Hout oot," cried the Highlander, " isk' oui Donald there ; he be a far better dancer than me." At n meeting at Errol one Jay, the R v. D\ Grierson related the following joke :—" Two gentlemen had been fishing for salmon with a ' lestei'—a kind of three- prongfd spear—in one of the salmon rivers in the south of Scotland, when one of them, haviner speared a fi»H, direw it from the water and, holding it. on high, apostrophised it thus—"And noo.Mr.S vlmond, what thir.k ye <»' yersel' The other gentleman, an inveterstp punster, remarked,' I suppose be will say I'm nane the better tor your speerin'." Tom Dibdin had a cottage near Box Hill, to which, «fter his theatrical labors, he was delighted to retirp. One stormy night, after Mr. and M r « D.bdin had been in bed sont-* time, Mrs. Dibdin being kept awake by the violfcrce of the weather, aroused her bushnpd. exclaiming, "Tom, Tom, get np !" "What for.'" " TVn.'r yon hear how v-ry bad tbe wind is?' 1 "Is itV replied DH.din, bull as'eep, though he could not help punning. " Pat a peppermint lozenge out of tbe window, my dear ; it is the best thing for the wind." He was an honeBt-lonking workman, who had the appearance of being very much in love with the dowdv and pretentious young woman beside bim. She was evidently trying to ?'fnprcES him with her sup erior attainment*. The •tber occupants of the omnibus had their attention attracted by her airs, and this is a bit o! tbe dialogue that they heard. " Yes," .".be young woman said, " I am so fond of reading chat it seems as if I could never get enough. I am reading a most touching story in the 1 Fireside Sitdown.'" " I don't have mnch time to read," the young man answered, bum* blicg himself before her superior culture. " And I'm awful fond of poetry," s'ie went on. "Drn't you think Lord Browning's 'Old Clock on the Stairs' is a beautilul poem?" "I don't know much about poems," be returned, with the air of one who at last geta his hand upon a familiar topic and feels at once at home ; " but I know tbat in the clockmaking business we find those staircase time* pieces get a good deal out of repair, 'cause of the draughts they're in." Sbe said no more, 