"£ Ta, Ta E mITTLE WAR To Dr. FILLED, DINAr CAME II-MYr DI-An." THE It Courting of Iinah Shadd BY RUDYARD KIPLING. (Continue. facm o. X6.) "Din I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wifo av mine ?" tl I dissembled a burning anxiety that I ft had felt for some months-ever since tl Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, se and the infinitely tender, lhad of her own ce good lore and free will washed a shirt for d mee, moving in a barren land where wash- g' ing was not. "I can't remember," I said casually. it " Was it before or after you made love to so Annie Bmrgin and got no satisfaction 2" n Theistory of Annie Bragin is written in of another place. It is one of the many ft episodes in ulvaney's clhequered career. "Before-before- ioghefore, was that Ia business av Annie Burgin an' the corp'ril's th ghost. Never woman was the worse for th me whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to th knpe all things in place--barrin' the 'I dhirink, that kapes me in my place wid no m: lope av eomin' to be aught else." Im "Begin at tihe beginning,"' Iinsaisted. at " Mrs. tulvaney told me that you In married her when you were quartered in th Krab Bokhar barracks." te " An' the same is a coss-pit," said at Mulvaney, piously. " She spoke thrue, D did Dinah. 'Twas this way. Talkin' av m that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr? " F I preserved the silence of the damned. I Mulvaney continued- tl " Thin I will assume that ye have not. I did. In the days av my youth, as I have p more than wans't tould you, I was a man a that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl b -v women. Never man was hated as I s itave bin. Never man was loved as I- a no, not within half a day's march av utt! n For the first five years av my service, whin I I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, I I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' c digested ut-an' that's more than most f men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow av hiven, I cud play wid four women at wanst, an' t halpe them from findin' out anythin' about I the other three, an' smile like a full-blown t marigold through ut all. Dick Coulhan, t avor the battery, we'll have down on us to night, could drive iis team no better than f 1 mine, an' I hild theworser cattle ! An' s so I lived, an' so I was happy till afther that business wid Annie Bragin--she that turned mo offas cool as a meat-safe, an' 1 taught me whore I stud in the mind av an honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. " Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk I thought to my reg'mental work ; conceit- I ing mesilf I wued study an' be a sergint an' a nsjosr-gineral twenty minutes afther that. But on top or av my ambitious ness there was an empty place in my sowl, an' me own opinion av mesilf cud not fill 1 ut Sez I to mesilf : ' Terence, you're a great man an' the best set up in the reg' mtent. Go.on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf to me, 'hat for!' Sea I to mesilf : 'For the glory have ut !' Sez mcesilf to me: 'Will that fill these two strolg arrums av yours, Terence ?' ' Go to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. ' Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.' "Tis the same thing,' sez I to mesilf. 'Av you're tie same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an' wid that I considlhered on ut a long while. Did you iver feel that way, sorre " I snored gently, knowing that if iMul vaney were uninterrupted he would go on. Tihe clamour of the bivounec fires lcet up to the stars as the rival singers of the companies were pitted against each other. "So I felt that way, an' a bad time nt was. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married lines more forthe sake av spalin' to our ould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a rorp'ril then-rejuced aftherwards, but a c.rp'ril the. I've a photograft av mesilf to prove ut, You'll take a cup av tay, widlus?' sez he. 'I will that,' I sgZ, ' tho' tay is not my divarsion.' "Twud be better for you if ut were,' scz ould Mother Shadd, an' she had ought know for Shadd, in the ind aor his service, dlrunk bung full each night. " Wid that I tuk off my gloves-there's was pipe-clay in thiin, so that they stood alpne-an' pulled up my chair, lookin' roni pt tsp china ornamints amn' bits av things mi the Sshadds' quarters. They were things that belonged to a man, an' no camp hit, here to-day' an' dishiiwted pest ' You're comfortable this place, rgipt,' says I. ''Tis the wife that did ut, boy,' sez he, pointin' the stem av his pipe to ould Mother Shadd, an' she smacked the top av his bald head upon the compliment. 'That manes you wants money,' sez sih. "An' thin-an' thin,. whin the kittle was to be= filled, Dinah came in-my Dinah--her sleeves rowled up to to the elbow an' her hair in a gowlden glory over her forehead, the big blue eyes beneath twinklin' like stars on a frosty night, an' the tread ar her two feet lighter than wasto-paper from the colonel's Laaket in ordly room whin ut's emptied. Bein' bit a shlip av a 1irl she went pink at oein' me, an' I twisted me moustache an' looked at a pictuire forninst the wall. lever show a womnn that yo care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come hleatin' to your boot-heels." "I suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till everybody in the tmar tied quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mlulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If you read the Soldier's Pocket Book, which nicer any 1 soldier reads, you'll see that there are I exceptions. Wh?in Dinah was out av the door (an' 'twas as the' the sunlight had I gone too)-' Mother av hiven' sergint,' says 1, but is that your daughter? ' ' Ive I believed that way these eighteen years,' e says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', 'but Mrs. Shadd ias her own opinion like iv'ry ( other woman.' ' 'Tis wid yours this time, I for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. 'Thin why in the name of fortune did Iniversee 7 her before ?' sez I. ' Beknes you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av r a child till last year, an' she shot up wid a the spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd. 'I'll thrapese no more,' sez . 'D'you inane that?' sez ould Mother Shadd, leokin' at me side-waysn like a hen looks t a lwsk whesa the cicksto le o ir annin' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez 1. Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the I tea, an went out av the house as stiff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that r Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the snimll ar my back out av the scullery window. 1 Faith I that was the only time I mourned I was not a cav'l'ry man for the sake av the spurs to jingle. "1 wint out to think, an' I did a powerful lot av thinkin', but ut all caine round to that sblip av a girl in the dotted blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the syarkil in them. Thin I keptoff canteen, an' I kept to the married quarthers or nearby on the elanst av medtin' Dinah. Did I meet her? Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart gain' like a farrier's forgo on a Saturday morning !' 'Twas 'CGood day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' 'Good day t'you, corp'ril.' fora week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud leo' broken betune finger an' thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed me my shirt. "Ye may laugl," grunted Mulvaney. "But I'm speakin' the trot', an' 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would ha' taken the imperiousness out of the Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot ar shod air, an' the eyes av the mornin' she had. That is my wife to-day--ould Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Slhadd to me. "'Twans after three weeks' standin' off an' on, an' niver makin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a little drummer boy grinned in me face whin I had ad monished him wid the buckle av my belt for riotin' all over the place. ' An' I'm not the only wan that doesn't kale to barricks,' sez lie. I tuk him by the scruff av his neck-my heart was hung dn a hair-thrigger those days, you well under stand-an Out wid ut,' sez I, 'or 1'll lave no bone ar you unbreakable.' 'Speak to Dempsey,'sezlie, hoawling. 'Dempsey whcllh?' sea I, 'Ye mlnashced linm of Satan.' 'Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' sez le. 'He's seen her home from her I aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' 'Child ?' sez Idhropping him, 'Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dlhressed you down.' S'At that I went four ways to wanst huntin' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shlud t a' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a a-avl'ry man not fit to trust on a nsule tlhrunk. Presintly I found hint in our r lines-the Bobtails was quartered next us \- -an' i tallowy, top-heavy son av a shbe mule lie e was wid his big brass spurs an' f his plastrons on his epignastons an' alL But Ihe nicer flinched a hair. " 'A word wid you, Dempsey,' sez I. ' You've walked with Dinal Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' " 'Wlhat'stlat to you ?'sezlie. 'I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye shovel-futted, clod-brakin' infan Stry lanuce-corp'ril.' I "Before I cud gyard had his gloved fist home on my cheek, an' down I went Sfull sprawL. 'M'ill that content you? y sez he, bloain' on his knuckles for all the aworld likd a Scots Greys orfeer. 'Con tint I' sez . 'For your own she, man, take off your spurs-peel your jacket s' eta' glove. 'Tis the begintin' ?r the over l ture; stad up!' "He stud all lie know; but he niver a peeled hisa jacket, an' his ahoulders had a no fair play. 1 was fightin' for Dinah. Shadd nn' that cut on my cheek. What e hole had he forninst me? 'Stand up,' y sez I, time.an' again whin he was bo' o ginnin' to qunarter the ground al' r high an' go large. 'This "ian't'ridiin' h school,' sez I. '0, man, stand up'an' 1' let me get at yb.' But whin I saw he wed n be runnin' about, I grhp his shitock in my n left an', his waist-belt in my right afn, s' swung him clear to my 'ight front, head st undher, he hommerni' my nose till'the 1' wind was knocked out av him in the bare ground. 'Stand up,' sez I,' 'or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. 'My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So I helped him back." "And was his collar-bone broken ?" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. "He pitched on his left shoulder- point. It was. 1Next day the news was in both barracks, an' whin I met Dinah Shadd. oid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no 'Good mornin', corp'nl,' or aught else. ' An' what have I done, Bliss Shadd,' see I, very bould, plantin' mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not pass the time of day ?" "' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Demp sey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. "' Mfay be,' sea I. ' Was he friend av rsm that naw ye home four times in a 'ortnigbt i ' "'Yes,' sec she, very bould, but her ioutl was down at the corners. ' An' in' what's that to you?' "' Ask Dempsey,' sez I, purtendin' to a away. "' Did you fight for me then, ye silly an?'l she haec, tho' alo kneow. ua-.ll "'W'ho alse ' soe I, an' I tuk wan ace to the front: " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingerin' Sliher apron. 'lThat's for me to say,' sez I. Shall [say ut?' "'Yes,' sez-she in a saint's whisper, n' at that I explained meailf ; and she tould me what ivry man that is a man, an' many that is a woman, hears wanst in his life. "'l3ut what made ye cry at startin', Dinah darlin' ?' sez I. "' Your-your bloody cheek,' sez she, duchin' her little head down on my sash (I was duty for the day) an' whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first kiss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! buit I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undher the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss conme tumble- ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould MothorShadd like two little clhildher, an' slhe said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran away to her own room. That day I throd on rollin' clouds.' All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud ha' picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magnificent I was. But 1 tuk recruities at squad -drill', an' began with general battalion advance whin 1 shud ha' been balance-stoppin' em. Eyahl ! that day ! that day ! " A very long pause; "Well " said I. " It was all wrong," said Mulvaney, with an enormous sigh. "An' sure I know that ev'ry bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints-not enough to turn the hair of a sans in his natural senses. But I was more than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen beer was so much whisky to me. 1 can't tell how it came about, but becaic I had no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minutes, beka:e the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to qiarters an' I must stay talkin' to a red headed Mullengar heifer av a girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheehy, the wife of Nick Sheehy, the canteen-sergint-the black curse av Shie lygh be on the whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (To be continued.) 