mm xmmM^ m A VEBY STBANGE STORY. Al the age of thirty X found myself almost alone in the world, bet in possession of an ahuual income sufficient to furnish tbe necessaries and some of the comforts of a bachelor life, and with acquirements which had only to beputto use in order to bs pecuniarily pro-. ductive. I did not choose at first to devote myself to any remunerative occupation, but determined to indulge in two or three years' amateur application to my favourite pursuit of chemistry. I was city born and city bred, and in the city lived the only friend I possessed, so in the city I resolved to remain. I accordingly searched the suburbs for some suitable place where I might erect my laboratory and pursue my labour* of love in undisturbed retirement. At length! found a small two-xoomel cottage unoccupied, sought out the landlord, and together we went to the premueB- The place «eetned particularly adapted for my purpose, as there was a desk fitted in a recess near the window in one of the rooms, and before it stood a regular study-chair, with cushioned arms, and bock Bet at tba proper angle for a comfortable recline in momenta of meditation. " How came these^to be here P' Z asked the landlord. " Well," he answered, " the man who owned the house, and died in it ten years since, was a queer chap. He sold it 'to me cheap on the understanding that X should not remove tbe fixtures. These two things were the only real fixtures, so I suppose you can do with them." " Tou have had tenants, since ?** "Oh, yea. A broker had it for two or throe years, and an agent had it.for Jus office; but theae things suited them.". . " All right. They will just suit me, I think." Tbe rent he named waa low, so-1 took tins place, got the keys, and for the next few weeks was busy getting my premises into order, and transporting into the back room the miscellaneous collection of chemical stuff* and implements I bad been accumulating for years. At length my furnace was going, my retorts bubbling, and some experiments in progress. At the end of a few days' constant woic in the laboratory I achieved wupe results which I thought it necessary to chronicle with carefulness. Retiring to ay study, which i had furnished with a table, a conple of common chairs, and a book-shelf, I seited myself at the desk, laid out my papers, and proceeded to make copiousmeruoranda. After having l>een so seated for about a quarter of an hour, a strange thing happened to me, X fell into a sort of trance. The walls of the room seemed to dissolve away, aud I seemed to see into the interior of a quite different aaartinent, iu which the first thing that arrested my attention was the figure of a lovely young girl seated at a, round table, with her eyes, it seemed to me, gazing intently iuto mine. She seemed to have bec:i sevvin™, but her hands hud fallen into her lap. and sh*- sat still as a statue, gariu™. She was lovely: but an attraction stronger than that of mere beauty seemed to dra^ my soal <mt towards her. I could hardly withdraw my_ eyes from her to glance round tbe room iu which she was Bitting. It seemed a moderately-sized sittingroom, famished according to middle-class ideas of coafort. In. one corner stood a sere of couch, on which some person was lying, but whose face 1 could not see. But before I could again fix my eyes upon the girl, something seemed to interpose, and I now only saw what I supposed to be the outside of the house into -which somehow I had been looking^! small, two-windowed cottage, with a narrow garden in front, a high road winding past, along which a waggon, loude-i with bags of grain, was slowly moving. <ru-il<:-d by a couutryman in the unmistakable garb' f Suglish labourer, and so distinct that I'could read the name on me sideplate. There were trees in the distance, and a church spire. Tlian a. dimuess over all—a slight shock—and the wiill of myown room, the desk, and the papers? I got up in agt ation and walked up and down the room, wondering what it could meau. Surely I was the victim of some extraordinary hallucination! Something had gone wrong with the brain, that delicate instrument of the mind. But that figure! It seemed as if I had known her for years. I went-out with the intention of calling on Ned Baxter—to whom I have already referred as the only friend I possessed—and laying the matter before him. I did not, however, do so. I yhrpttlr with an uuconqueraJjle reluctance from speaking to anyone about my singular experience. "But when the same thing- occurred again and again at intervals of about th^ge days alwuyn, too, when'seated at my desk—re- VBaiing to me the same room, the same girl, the same outdoor scene, I could maintain silence no ed Baxter and I bad been chums from boyhood. We were about the same age, and he was a bachelor like myself. He was something connected with thelnw, and baa chambers in the business part of the city. He was seated alone in his sanctum indulging in a cigar when I went in with the view of unburihening my mind to him. . _ " Have yon a few minutes to spore, Aed r asked. "I should think so; too many or them. Clients are scarce. Draw in the" consultingchair. But what's the matter ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." " I am not sure but I have." And deliberately, but not without much mental pain, I gave a circumstantial account of my last three weeks. At the close he seemed inclined to laagh, but checked himself. I knew what he WAS going to say before he said it. "Something wrong here, old fellow," and he pointed, not to his forehead, but to his stomach. "You must come with me to Dr. Brown's and let him see your tongue." Eventually I consented. We proceeded together to Dr. Brown's consulting-room, and found him fortunately disengaged. Then between us we mide the doctor acquainted with the circumstances which bad really led to our visit. He listened silently and with rapt attention. After feeling my pulse and examining my tongue, he said: , . , , " There is nothing in your physical condition that would warrant me in treating you for monomania: but tbe brain is a strange—a mys- terious organ. It works many abnormal pranks. Your condition in these—trances let uiTCall them—is something like clairvoyau ;e. I should Iike to see the room where the oSeciians occurred." " Let us adjourn thither at once, then, urged ly friend Ned- 1 agreed, so we all three proceeded towards my laboratory. As he went up the steps to the door, Dr. Brown cast his eyes oner the smoke-stained building. " You were always seated in this chair V" said he, when we had got mridc. •Always." • I willtest it myself;' and the doctor sat down before the desk. " Ijet as have a smoke," said Ned: aud trie sat smoking and tult-i^g for about half an hour without anything unusual occurring with Dr. Brown. Not en rapportf murmured be, as he got up. "Ha, ha!" laughed Ned. "Let me try it." " It/Vi no use." The doctor was turning and examining the chair. An iron bar led from the seat to a socket in the floor, in which it worked. "What is Wow ?" he asked. " A cellar?" "Not that I know of. I really don't know." I bad never had the door at the back end of the passage open, so I could say nothing about it ** Well soon see," said Ned, leading the way along the short passage, turning the key which in the lode, and revealing a flight of about a dozen steps, terminating ou a level with the court We descended, and found tbe back walla dead nua of grey stone, excepting the one window which lighted my laboratory. At tbe foot of the chair, still inside the passage, there was a blank piece of wall smoothly plastered *bver. We were passing this 011 returning from our inspection, when Ned struck it firmly with his knuckles. " Stop," Bald he, and struck it again once or twice. " Bring a hammer. Ante." With the hamiaer he struck the wall smartly Iu several places, and at one port it gave back a distinctly hollo w Bound. "There is wood here. Have jxm a chisel, Antvf" This alao X was able bo sopply, and with the hammer and chisel ,Nad, who was now the laad- Ingapirit^ soon laid bareanarrow door,level with the stone lin^s, apparently heavy, and securely locked. . >', " The hinge* look weak,"*aia Xed; and with »few well-dueetied strokes he severed first out and then the other. Oar nnited efforte prised ;thie«Joaropenfromthe " AH is dartawa&hwe;,' A torch waa improvised frOma bunch at and we all three weak in. n» was a narrow left towards the fcmt in | •quia rebets, lighted ap fitfully, wfcutwe \- L6 round table a crystal bowl, almost • «r—^hich floated what „ .one of its pries touching metallic true, «hich ascended and disappeared in the ceiling, just below where stood mystndy--43uur; andlxside the bowl a small ebony box and on the top of the ,box a ring, from a large jews! m which the torchlight scintillated. ^ ^ I had just lifted the box and ring, when Ned, exclaiming, "3%£ze is some devilry here! " dashed the bowl from the table. With the sound of breaking gl«£3 tiifcre came a sensible shock, a commotion in the air, and total darknmK. Our light had been extinguished. We hurriedly made our way to the <io6i and up ; to my room, where we stood a few momenta gazing in each other's faces. " What dees it all mean f " < Xt was Ned who spoke first. The doctor mid nothing. X now recollected and mentioned what the landlord had told me about the "queerness "of the original owner and some time occupier of the premises, and ins peculiar provisions regarding the desk and (hair. " You most get out of this," saidNed. " There is cot the smallest reason now," said Dr. Brown. "If lam not much mistaken, the spell is broken. But you have something in your hand" be sail to me. "These were on the table.," I said, showing the box and ring. The ring was massive gold, ornamented on one side with the figure of an eagle, wings spread, and a large opal in its breast. The box was of ebony, the lid and sides covered with grotesque carvings in relief. A quaintly-shaped silver key stood in the lock. We eocn had it open, and thu is what we found within :—A dip of paper scnwled. over with writing, and underneath a bundle of papen. tied together. Ned undertook to decipher the former, while X examined the latter, which, to my astonishment, proved to be bank-notes aid foreign 'bond* to the total amount of over tw enty tbou " what do you make of it, Ned?" X asked, with increased anxiety. "X can make oat some piuaaes," said he, " but other portions I would defy Old Nick himself, who seems to have a finger in our present pie, to make head or tail at." It was certainly the most atrocious piece of writing I ever set my eyes ou. Entire lines were just a series of loops and turns which might mean one thing as well as another. It was most provoking. Our combined skill could not produce a nearer guess at its contents than the following:— . . . power nearly gone ... filled with remorse , . . know they are living, but cannot see them . . . last effort of skill . . . influence oiie in spiritual affinity . . . the ring and money . . . finii them . . . gi*e them ... The signature was composed of a number of twirls and dashes, of which nothing could be made. *' What is to be done with the money ?" was Xt-d's next thought. 1 curst find them,"' said I. Find whom r" " Those to whom, it belongs." " Who are they r" The young Lidy and tiie invalid 16aw over and ov ragxin in my dreain. or whatever you choose to call it." " "Whew! Then you think they are real, living beings •* I am as sure of it as that I am a living being myself." What do you think of him now, doctor r" " Weil, I am not inclined to make ao light of what we have heard from our friend, aud what we have seen ourselves, as you, Ned. 1 have witnessed some things which peremptorily forbid that. Stili I would counsel calm consideration before engaging in what may prove, after all, a wild-goose chase, and that suggests that some link has been left out by the unknown magnetiser. You liave no clue whereby to discover the whereabouts of those in whose behalf we shall suppose you have been commissioned. " This had to be admitted. So without coining to any decision we went out together. The next few days I spent endeavouring to discover something by means of the bank- notes, but entirely failed. Most of them were for large amounts, and proved to be quite genuine, which was so far quite satisfactory. After this I made an attempt £0 resume my usual course of life, but found it impossible. At last I shut up the place—first getting a tradesman to plaster over the cellar door as we had found it aud dropping a line to Ned to inform him of my resolution, 1 set out to search for the fair face which, do as I might, was ever rising before me. Besides my own overwhelming desire, I convinced myself that X had a trust to "discharge, a duty *o fulfil. A couple of months afterwards X was again in ffe city, baffled and dejected. One day, after haviig somewhat recovered from the exhaustion of my fruitless search, i wandered into Ned's office. "Hallo, old fellow! Eeturned from your travels? What success?" cried Ntd as he took my band. X shook my head. " I say, you must give up that. You are wearing yourself to skin and bone. Come over and see Terry." At this moment he was called to the outer room. I sat down on the seat from which he had risen, and leant my arms on the desk. Aimlessly I turned over a letter which was lying lace downwards, and tbe name at the foot seemed to strike me in the forehead like a bullet. I was not at first conscious why it did so, aud a few moments elapsed before the meaning flashed upon me. "Jonathan Crump I" Why, that was the name on the country waggon I saw on one occasion passing along the road beside which my dream-cottage stood. I glanced at the top of the sheet—" Oreendale i" Yes, I was almost sure that this was my Jonathan Crump. " Aed," I cried, the moment be entered, " where is Greendale 'r Who is Jonathan Crump?" "Jonathan Crump is a sort -of client, or at least correspondent of mine regarding a piece of business X have got the arranging of; but X have never seen him. Where Greendale is I really do not know." " Where is your gazetteer?" " Oh, you need not search there. It is, I believe, merely the name of a f arm-steading. But stop—it cannot be far from C .where I have observed all his letters to be posted." "And where is C " In Devonshire." I seized a gazetteer aud a " Bradsh&w;," and soon bad my route chalked out. *• What's the matter no w ? Where away so suddenly ?" cried Ned ss I was rushing out. " I will tell you again, Ned. Good-bye." I could not bear to speak of my new hope, which, after all, might end in a new disappointment. The next afternoon I was walking ap the main street of the village or town of C-— toward the post office. " Can you direct me to a farm- steading called Greendale?" [asked of the postmaster when I had found him. " Greendale !—Jonathan Cramp's ! About four miles straight out west from this." It was » fine autumn afternoon, and X set out to walk the distance. From Jonathan Crump X trasted to learn in what direction he waa In tbe habit of sending s loaded with grain or flour; if ponmhln, In- particular on that day, about 'foor mouths ago, which I had carefully calcnlatnfl and noted. Hie influence of the pure air and mild sunshine calmed the fever of my blood, and rastrung my jaded nerves. X fell better and_happier than 11 - had - - done ' for months before. Xwaa sharp the picture before me—the landscape of my dream! The scene which had solougbeen only "a -vision of my mind," waa, after all, an, actually Ari^ng concrete reality. There, not a hundred paces from me, was the litUe twowindowed cottage, with the narrow garden in front; still further away fits-dump of treea^ overtopped by the church spire. My heart stood stOl, and my knees literally "knocked together " at the sight Mastering my emotion, X resolutely advanced, -walked in at the wicketgate, and knocked at the door. X was not the feast astonished—iu fact, it was just what X expected—when the door opened, and 1stood taoe to face with the young lady of my visions. I knew her at once—bra features were too indelibly printed on my memory. My appear-, axtce seemed to startle her in some nnacoounieUe iri'i-Mr, when an elderly woman caaeforward, to whom I explained that I wished to ee&ier; mistress on n mmtber of business. "Oh, yon want MSss Beatrice." Beatrice! That was her name, then. Becovering heiaelf instantly, Beatrice, as I may now caff her. lad the way mto the zoom— fAeroom, justas-X bad seen it—in one comer the couch, which was now, however, empty. " K»n, yOvi may leave ns," ebe «ud ; for ike woman was Ingoing, and regarding me with •ome fmrrpwifm. tShs then tamed her eyes opened 3 drawer in the cabinet, brought out aild laid beside my zing another, identical in pcaaance—f my •father's!" ••-• - " Who was your father? ** Fist tell me bow you became possessed of ibis ring. 1 * •- - , ^ . I slowly, and amid many interrupting exclamations and interrogations, went _owr the circumstances already related, and finished by laying before tier the scribbled note and the paper representatives of twenty thousand pounds. (Would to heaven X had twenty thousand forth* ngt! Xt would be the Having of me.) At the close she toached a spring in one of the rings—Jiw ring—when the breast of the eagle opened and displayed the mini a tn re of a noble-looking man in the prime of life, the countenance being altogether tbe most impressive I had ever seen ; and performing tho •same operation with my ring, she showed it to contain -the portrait of a beautiful woman, young, and strikingly like herself. "These," she said' "axe my father and my mother as they were in h&ppr; days that X cannot remember. Often have 1 heard my mother say that they had rings precisely alike, containing their portraits, as you see, and^that my xour mother and yourself the rightful ownff of the ring and the contents of tbe box." " Ko, no," tike said; " I cannot take all that money, though I firmly believe my father placed the papers there and sent them to my mother. But"—and tearB filled her eyes—"I have juat lost my mother; it can never benefit her." ^ I impulsively took her band. She gautly Withdrew it, nnd Bald :— " Sow, in return, let roe tell yon my BSo>y» eome explain, tilings may in wMcb. titfowfomell^ttmyoiars. «they do not altogether " My father's name was Martin Schwarrherg, and my mother's Beatrice Allen- X hardly remember my father. My dear idea of bim mnst lucre been derived bum tu» portrait &» tte riug, and my mother's frequent talks about him. He was a Gszmaa, and was In this country prosecuting some inquiries in connection with the study which engrossed him—that of animal magnetism—when he met my mother. The consequence was a mutual passion. They were married, and he settled here. They enjoyed, my mother said, for a year or two unclouded felicity, when be began to develop a spirit of jealousy which threatened to destroy their happiness. He got the reputation of having seized upon certain secrets of nature more firmly than any other man, which brought around him many people interested in the same questions as himself. Concerning one after another of these,_ with whom my mother could not avoid coming in contact, lie indulged in fits of the most groundless su-picion- A period of alternating misery and happiness, in which days of violent anger and upbraiding were succeeded by intervals of contrition, was brought to a climax, one day when, in a storm of passion, he left her, swearinghe wonld never look upon her face m. And he never did. My mother, thus deserted, made some attempts to trace him; but she bad often been so overcome with dread of him, and so disliked his associates and pursuits—which, as X have said, were of a mysterious nature, bearing upon the occult powers by which one mind can influence another—that she acquiesced the more easily in her ill-sucoess. The cruel part was that rbc was left with very slender resources. X was but a child then, but ever since I can remember we had to live in small houses, and my mother bud to do needlework to assist in maintaining us. She managed herself to give me a good education, and, since growing up, X have been able hy art-work to lighten her burden considerably. Her small independent income has died with her, and I am just now considering what I bad best do in my changed circumstances." " You may now cease, of course, to be anxious on that point," I remarked. " Well, I have now to relate some personal experiences"—and here she smiled and blushed —" almost the counterpart of your own, and which will explain the manner in which I received you at the door. In the spring—— What did you say was the date of your first dream or vision r" X gave her the date. She opened a small memorandum book, and, after consulting it, continued: On that very same day I was sitting sewing at this table, my mother resting on her couch, when all at once I seemed to fall into a dream state. X use the phrase for want of a better to describe any sensations. Intervening obstacles seemed tolose their solidity, and far away at the end of a vista, yet so distinct asto give the feeling of nearness, I saw a face gaziug at me with— as if Well, with an earnest, friendly gaze. How long this tasted I cannot tell, but gradually the face dimmed, the vista Closed, And with a. shiver I found myself girting as before, with the work in my bands, and the room every way the same. Several times thereafter this recurred at intervals of about three days, and then the visitations ceased as unaccountably as they had begun. The face I saw was yon is, so you may well believe that when X met ycwi X was rather startled. Yet X had come: to think of you as a friend." " Pray continue to think of me as such," X interjected. " And was not so much surprised as might be supposed at finding you to be a substantial reality, and not a mere phantom of tbe brain." " And, now,""'she added, I have just to thank you sincerely for all the trouble you have been at on our—on my account. I am very glad to get the ring." *- You think, then, that it must have been your father who occupied my place of work some ten years ago and wrote these words?" " (t could be no other person.. I have seen his signature to other papers, and though more distinct, they much resembled this." " Having got the due, X think X can trace this letters, and form them into Martin Schwaxzberg.'' " But that money! You must at least take & large share of it." "Certainly not. I will, however, if you wish, take charge of it in the meantime, and see you again 90011. Where will I be likely to get a lodging near for a day or two ? Ie there no place nearer than C She hesitated, and than said: J think at Jonathan Crur&p;'s—along the lane which strikes to the rightafier you pass the lodge gate." _ , X found Jonathan Cramp's, but instead of pestering him with questions about his waggons, I merely asked for a bed- A comfortable bedroom, at a moderate rent, was placed at my disposal ao long as I chose to occupy it. And now ensuedmfew weeks which proved tbe most blissful of my life. , Eaj&£ucceedisg day found me besid e Beatrice, the" love dream" rayidiy becoming a sweeter reality. Sometimes I sat beside her tu the " dream- room," sometimes we rambled together amid the beautiful scenery of the neighbourhood, taking at first of her plans for the future, then of the past, and then of anything that suggested itself. The moie I knew htx the more I loved her. I found her nn"Mf was agreeable and her mind as cultivated as her face was beautiful and bee figure graoefuL. At length o ue day I said to her: " You (umanber yoa wished me to share that with your" "Andlretased. What if I mow say that I am wSBng?**" " It would please me very much." " But whatifl add a condition?" "What?" " 7%dt Igrt Us otmrr along tci th it." She oeedBd not to speak to let me know (hat -my condition was accepted. We have new spent many happy yeaxsw hn^^ and wife, and often talk over tbe strange and myster brought us together.— ioos occurrences which, Weekly Budget. 