essmaking and Millinery Speciali THE MYSTERIOUS SHADOW. A LEGEND OF BALMAIN. It might have been thought that in a staid and matter-of-fact community like that of Balmain the supernatural would find no place. Those who thought so, however, would be much mistaken. A house is . pointed out not far from Bald Eock which was at one time supposed to be haunted. Light* appeared at unseemly times, mysterious sounds were heard, and timid persons by degrees came to avoid passing the place after nightfall. But one night some of the bolder spirits made a raid on the house, and discovered that the supposed ghost was a person who wished to purchase the property, and hoped by this ingenious ruse to induce the owner to sell more cheaply. That ghost was speedily " laid," but another which appeared some years previously was not as easily exorcised. Some years ago, before Balmain was as thickly populated as it is present, Captain Moresby had an estate near Waterview Bay. The house was built with the gable end flush with the street. The front of the house looked over a lawn stretching down to the rocks which skirted the bay. In the gable end there was only one window, and that was high up, so that there was a considerable space of bare brick wall along the side of the street. Almost immediately opposite was an old cottage placed a little back from the road. It was not in the best repair, perhaps ; but it was habitable. With the exception of a cottage at the bottom near the beach, theBe were the only houses in the street, which was very narrow, a fault of several of the side streets of Balmain. Many of these streets may now be seen with the kerbing laid close to the fences or to the fronts of the houses, and, no doubt, when these last are rebuilt they will be put back so as to leave a footpath. Some of the streets of Sydney have been widened in this way, but it is a long and tedious process. However, to return. Captain Moresby's ground tan along the whole of one side of this small street, which was rather steep, and ended at the waters of the bay. The cottage at the bottom was owned and occupied by Mr. Freeling and his wife and daughter, and he also owned the vacant cottage nearer the larger street into which the lane (for it was little more) led. One evening Mr. Freeling was sitting on his verandah, smoking his pipe, when he saw two young men, of respectable appearance, walk down the street, and stand looking across the water when they reached the end. They amused them&elvos; for a minute or so by throwing stones into the water, and then they turned back. As they did so they saw Mr. Freeling, and and one of them went forward and spoke to him. After a few commonplace observations about the weather, the bay t and other things, one of them said they were tired of living in lodgings in Sydney, and had come over to Balmain to look for a place suitable for two bachelors. Mr. Freeling, who had his eye to business, at once offered them the cottage, and pro- mised to do it up, and as the rent was moderate they closed with the offer, and agreed to move in on the following Saturday. Like all newcomers, they attracted some notice from their neighbours, although, as they weDt across to Sydney to business in the morning, ana seldom returned till late at night, the opportunities for observation were not very numerous; but, after some months' trial, they were considered to be a couple of very quiet, orderly young men, who kept themselves very much to them selves; and, as they paid their rent regularly, Mr. Freeling of course gave them au excellent character. Mr. Freeling occasionally strolled up of an evening and talked to them over the fence j bat they never invited him inside. They appeared to make their own beds, and cook what little food they required &t; home (for they generally took their meals in town), and kept the place clean. Their washing was taken away and brought back regularly by the steam laundry van, and that was all the neighbors could find out about them. Inaide the place there was just as little furniture as was necessary. A couple of single iron bedsteads, a deal table, two chairs, a largo box, and a couple of portmanteaus, with a washhand basin, two or three jugs, a frying-pan, a kettle, two cups and saucers, and a ciuple of knives and forks, scorned to be about all their belongings, with the exception of a large-sized magic-lantern which appeared to have been ties much used, and a clumsy old-fashioned photographic camera These two instruments had been bought by Frank Ivey at a sale simply because they were cheap. But, having made the investment he thought himself bound to try to utilise them somehow, and for this purpose had spent a good deal of money in photographer's manuals, guides to the art of photography, and suchlike literature. And on Saturday afternoons—and, if the truth must be told, on Sundays also—he amused himself with taking views from the windows of the cottage (for he never w„ent outside where he could be seen), and making sad messes with collodion, nitrate of silver, pyrogallic acid, mercuric chloride, and other chemicals; but, as he only blackened and blistered his own fingers, and burned boles in his own clothes, no one else had a right to complain. One night they were sitting on the verandah smoking, and Tom Inglis had been speaking rather disparagingly of the last pictures Frank had turned out. " You'll never do it right till you get a few lessons," he said. " There's something in it that you can't learn from books. I don't know what it is, and I don't want to know; but you're just wasting time if you want to learn." " I mean to, some day," replied Frank; but, you know, I've no time now. I believe it only wants practice to get into the knack." " Well, you haven't got into it yet, that's ertaiu. Bat, I say, if you're so determined to use that thing because you were fool enough to buy it, why don't you do something with the lantern V' " Yes, by jove, it's a pity to leave it idle now it's here. I'll tell you what ; I'll give it to you if you like to try it." " No, thank you. You don't get me fooling with things I don't understand." " Well, there's no art in that. All you have to do is to light the lamp and put in the slide. There's half-a- dozen, you know, though I think there a bit scratched." " You want a sheet fixed up." ".There's that old wall over there. I say, we might do a bit of advertising, eh ? Only, unfortunately, there's no one goes past to see it." "Don't talk rot." This conversation seemed to rouse Frank to do and dare, for a few nights afterwards he eet to work to clean the magic lantern. Then he tried the slides on the wall of Captain Moresby's house, and found that they were as he feared—not only scratched, but broken. He quickly turned the light ont, and went inside, and, as no one was about, the horrible contorted and broken pictures he had thrown on the wall had been seen by none but themselves. One day Frank discovered that some of his photograph plates were not mach larger than the lantern slides, and that by filing or cutting away a little of the brass nozzle of the lantern they could be made to pass through. He immediately stt to work to make more slides for the lantern, and earned any amount of ridicule from Tom for his attempts. He persevered, however, and at last produced a scene which even Tom as- serted wasn't half as bad as it might have been. After the first attempt he kept the Iantern inside, and only threw the pictures on the wall of the room, reserving the wall opposite until he had something worth showing outside. Tom, in spite of his chaffing, took some interest in Frank's experiments, and frequently consented to " s't." He had been photo'd in almost every conceivable position, and he was the only living subject Frank had attempted to operate on. One day, quite by accidett, Frank got what he called "a very decent picture" of his chum, and fixed and varnished it, and then put it in tho lantern and threw the shadow on the wall of the room. " It wouldn't make a bad ghost," Tom remarked; "it's ugly enough to frighten anybody." • " Ghost 1 What a lark! Here, I say, old chap, put a sheet round you, and let's try the Professor Pepper business." Tom laughed; but he did as he was asked. A few nights afterwards Frank got out the lantern, fixed it up, and threw a figure wrapped in a sheet, one arm stretched out with pomting finger, on the wall of the room. The figure stood out clear and fairly well defined. The background, and even the floor, having been carefully cleaned away, there was a bright circle of light all round it. "Too bright round the outside," said Tom; >m: "wants toning down." "Leave it to me; I'll fix it," replied Frank; « won't it be a lark ?" " You'd better not let anybody find you out." "Oh, I'll be careful enough} never fear." The toning process was soon done, and then, when the figure was pronounced as perfect as it could be made, the reflection was thrown on the wall of the captain's house. Humors soon began to spread that there was something uncanny about the lane. People passing in the street at the end of the lane had seen a mysterious, shadowy figure passing along by the wall of the captain's house, and then suddenly vanishing. The shadow dii not always keep on the ground. Sometimes it rose slowly and gradually up until it nearly reached the window in the point of the gable. And then it would disappear without coming down again. At firet it appeared almost every night; but when it began to be talked about its appearances were less frequent. Sometimes it was not seen for weeks, and those who had come from curiosity tempered with awe to watch for it were disappointed. In the meantime Frank had become very intimate with Eate Freeling. He frequently went down to the cottage by the seaside ostensibly to talk to his landlord, but actually to make love to his landlord'? daughter. On these nights, it is scarcely necessary to say, no ghost appeared. It was remarked also that it was never seen on moonlight nights, and, as the lane was decidcdly rough and uneven, the Freelings never went out on dark nights. Mr. Freeling heard about the ghost, but decided that " it was all rot. He didn't believe in no such nonsense," and his family, having never seen it, agreed with him. Of course, there was a great difference of opinion on the subject. Those who had seen the apparition described its terrible aspect in the most circumstantial manner, while those who had gone to see and had been disappointed, manifested the greatest incredulity. "They didn't believe in ghostB, not they. ' It was a white cow or horse, or the rays of the moon, or something. It stood to reason it couldn't be anything else." But such reasoning was by no means satisfactory. Those who had seen it were too numerous, and their evidence tallied too closely, to allow it to be believed that there was nothing in it." Some people were of opinion that a murder had been committed there, and when they could find no evidence in ( support of their belief proceeded to invent it; so that in a very short time all sorts of tales were flying about. One night the two yonng men were sitting smoking, when Frank remarked " There's Kate—Miss Freeling—going Uptown. I'll show her the ghost as she comes back. Won't the old man be in a scot ?" " Take care you don't frighten her." "Oh, there's no fear. She's got too much sonse for that," replied Frank confidently. Frank fixed up the machine, and then watched for the return of his sweetheart. At last she came ronnd the corner, and then as she approached the captain's house Frank flashed the shadow on the wall just in front of her. She gave a start back, uttered a scream and fell down in the road. "Curse the thing," said Frank, as he blew the light out. " You've made a nice mess of it now," remarked Tom as he opened the gate and went out. " She's fainted," he added as Frank joined him; "go and fetch some water." Frank rushed away, and soon returned with a dipperful. Tom dipped his handkerchief in the water, and moistened her brow, at the same time telling Frank to beat her hands. "I'll throw the whole blooming lot in the bay. Til never work it again," said Frank. " Hush; she's coming round. You must never let her know it was you." After a time she opened her eyes, and slated round wildly. Then her eyes fell upon Frank, and she grew more calm. "Ob, Mr. Ivey" she said, "I was so frightened." „ " Tm very sorry," said Frank, " I "Shut up," mntterred Tom, givingjmn a f ratty Be vera dig in the ribs, " What frightened you ?" he asked. "The ghost! I saw it. Oh, it horrible "But I" " I never was so frightened in my life. Oh, dear! I'm better now> thank you." They helped her op, and persuaded her to rest on their verandah far a time. Then Tom insisted on her taking a little whisky. "Just enough to take the chill off the water. It'll do you good. Act as a tonic. Ton must have something to steady your nerves," he said. She consented, after a little persuasion, and the dose revived her wonderfully. In a few minutes she had quite recovered, and began to blame herself for having been so foolish. " You know, I don't believe in ghosts," she said. " It's all ridiculous superstition ; but it was so horrid, and it came so suddenly." When she seemed all right again they walked down with her. She told her father and mother what she had seen. The latter took her daughter in her arms, stroked her hair, and led her away to another room. The former said it was " all stuff and nonsense. He'd just like to catch the fools that did it, if there was anything at all." " Haven't you seen it ?" he asked, turning suddenly to Frank. Frank stammered out something, but Tom came to his assistance by saying, "We are so very seldom at home, and the thing is said to come only now and then." Did you see it to-night 1" " No " replied Tom, boldly; " we heard Miss Freeling scream, and ran out to see what the matt9r was. There was nothing there then." " I'll see into this. It wont be good for their skins if I catch 'em," remarked the old man. The next morning Frank got up very early and went to ask how Miss Freeling was. He returned from town much earlier than usual at night, and again went to inquire after Miss Freeling. He made the ghost an excuse for going to see her every evening. " I feel as if I was a brute," he exclaimed, in reply to Tom's chaff. " I shall never forgive myself." Some lime afterwards the Freelings, ee< pecially the old gentleman, took to calling at the cottage to talk to Tom. Frank was seldom there; but Freeling never saw the magic lantern. Frank refused to tell Tom what he had done with it, but it was never seen again Soon afterwards another and a better house belonging to Mr. Freeling fell vacant. It was taken by a Mr. and Mrs. Ivey, and Tom Inglis went to lodge with them. In the course of time Captain Moresby's estate waB cut up and sold. The old gable house was pulled down, and a terrace of houses erected on its site. Mr. Freeling also pulled down the cottage on the hUl and built several houses from the corner : of the street down the lane to the back of his garden. New people same to live there to whom the ghost was anknown; but there are numbers of folks still in Balmain who wonder whence it came, and whither it has gone, for it need scarcely be said that it has never appeared since, Frank gave up amateur photography at the same time as the ghost disappeared; but the old camera, which still lies in the corner of the yard, serves to remind Tom and himself of the only authentic Balmain ? GEEBUNG. 