SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS. PHoroGRAP-tS have lately been taken of the two interesting old astronomical instru ments at the Pekin Observatory. These instruments are the most ancient of the kind in thie world, having been made by order of the Emperor Kublai Khan in tile year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of bronze work, and are in splendid condition, although they have been exposed to the Tyeatgier for mnore than six lumdred years. Dn. W.irLrL.ir, of Oiistrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead o6isoning a small quantity of blood sllould Staken from the. arm. lie has practiced this treatment in twenty-five cases, and speaks warmly of the success lie has met with, the patients in some cases expressing themselves as greatly relieved immediately after the operation, and the affection taking a marked chanige for the better from that time. WHAT is called " the ice-bag treatment" of internal hemorrhnge, pneumonia, and various other ailments, has come into considerable vogue on the continent of Europe and has been introduced into Eng land. It consists in laying an. impervious bag filled wiith pounded ice upon tile lungs and other affected parts. Eminent English physicians oppose. the practice on the gronind that the chill induced by the ice bag weakens the vitality of the parts to which it is applied, and retards instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient. Tur Abbd Nollet has always been claimed by the:telrench as the precursor of Fraiklin in the discovery of electricity. And now a book hIs been found in Italy, written..by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and published in 17-10, two years before the disi coveries of Abbi Nollet, of which the title is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." It'contains facts extremely curious for the ;epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is.,this clhanricteristic paragrali : "'What ftal s .rise awaits tile first experimenter ri, laing found the means of artificially producing lightning, will succunmb a victim of his own curiosity." APPrm.s have enthusiastic advocates. One of them, writing for the CountrlT Gentleman, says: " It is not claimed for the apple that it is a complete fooid in itself, but on tlhe food list it jpossesses a value far above timhe nutrients at furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, tile best results are obtained from eatinig them after, rather than before, medls.i If one feels that.he las eaten more. diinber than is compatible withl his after comfort, he will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford greanter relief: than an alcoholic drink or a dIrug-store p·escription." IN the Pacific Coast region there are now four -flourishing ;colonies of :'introduced pheasants' The most' northerly of these colonies is at the south.end of Vancouver Island, near Victoria; the second in Protec tion Island in Puget Sound; the third at the junction of the Willamette River with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. The two latter colonies are 'now separated by so narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united during the next few years. All the pheasants of tile three colonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge O. N. Denny. Two- new seismoscopes, adolited at the Italian meteorological stations, are. de scribed as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about five inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and' is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the ring 'is connected with a hinged -lever 'arrangement, which stops the mechanism of a time-piece, show ing when the earthquake shock occurred. A SIxGULAts Asiatic people called tile Akas; who live among the. hills north of Assam, dip the liarbs- of their arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is made' to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that even .a buffalo usually falls, after runninig a few yards, when he has been struck by one. Some of the superstitions of tlhe Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and hIis burying-place, his soul can never go lhonie after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across the, streain that divides tll grave from the l'duse of the departed. Tlie ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given Iim. Dn. W. B. RrcuAtnsox, in an article on "Tile Physiology of Good and Evil," says: "Let its first lookl on the ideal of goodness orperfection. The scientifie view of human perfection is strict and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any h]umen representative whio is the perfection, of gootdness. To them tllhere is but One perfect andtruly sane intelligence, whose immen sity none can 'conceive, whose power none can measure, whose goodness none can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energyllis existence, all thoughlt'Iis mind. len of scienced f the strictest truth hold iit most precioues memory their own children of geniis, their discoveries, their martyrs; but tlteyventurcenot to compare even tlhem with aught that is above our common hiunanity." " ic tihe introductorylecture to the a?gri cultural class at tile University of Edin burgh, delivered at the opening of tile present session, Professor Wallace urges that sheep farmers in .Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry witl tile flockl-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australin, mostly merinos, which are not, by tihe way, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-rgivitg race. Prdfessor Wallaci lihazirds tile opinion that, before many years have passedl, Australia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. lHe mnakes, also, the astonislling statement thlat merino mutton is equal in flavour and tex ture to tihe be'st llighlaind, Welsh, or South down mutton. Upon tllhcse two assunlptions he foretells calamities to tlhe.nmeat .pro ducers of his countr' whiclh his countjr nicn hope lie will not'live to see, A Cuonmous ExPrJIENmm r.-Dr.. GaIton tells us of ii n.experiment he made inan aquarium with two fish. It was divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent ind thereforp invisible to the iesll. In one dlivision tllero was a pike, in tile otlhcr a gudgeon." Every. time tie like saw tile gudgeon lid' irushed to seize ilim, lut every time hlie was stopped by tihe plate of glass. liedidi' 'not learn soon, "lut" for several months made this rush, and bruised his nose against the glass. Finally, lie canie to understand thhit for some reason insctrutable to his intelligence lie could not seize tlhe gudgeon, and then he gave itutp. lie now swanm about,:seeing the gudgeon constantly, but payingrio attentionto it. Then the plato of glass was removed. This made no difference, tlhe pike did not at tempt to tike the igudnebit. lIe had acquiitled thlie Ilabit of leanrug tlo g~iludgeon alone. The conUindrum was, would Ilis de scendants inherit that habit or possess tlhe original impulse of thleir :kind? Illustra tions of tlus'kind or showiiig thi operation of the principle of acquired unheritance are whalt Mr. Galton wants. 