? THE Governor and Lady Hopctoun will visit the Agricultural Show at Heidelberg this afternoon. His EXOHLLENCY the Governor and Lady Hopctoun arranged to visit the Gisborne Races yesterday. THE Governor and Lidy Hopetoun will visit the Fruit aud Flower Carnival in the Exhibition Building to-morrow afternoon. LIKD and Lady Hopetoun will be present at Die annual meeting of the Royal Geographical Society, in the Freemasons' Hall, to morrow eveuiug His EXCELLENCY the Governor went to Maeedon by the 5 10 p in. train ou Saturday last, uud with Lady Hopetoun and party returned to town on Monday. His E.VCKLLKNCV the Governor, accompanied by Captain dc Moluyns, A.D.C., paid a visit to Hallarat on the 12th March, returning to town ou Thuisday last. His EXCELLENCE the Governor, accompanied by Mr. Phillips, Captain Walliugton, l'.S., Lord lloseliill, A.D.C , and Mr Agnew Ralston, was present at the Opera House on Friday evening to witness the performance of " Nemesis." His EXCELLENCY* the Governor and the Countess of Hopctoun, accompanied by Captain aud Airs. AcHaud-Uood, Captain de Moleyns and Captain Wallingtou, attended the Irish'Nationai Concert iu the Melbourne Town Hall on Monday (St. Patrick's Day). THE Earl and Couutess of Hopetoun, accompanied by LieutcnuntCumining, R N.,LieiitenantGarfortli, Captain Wallington, Captain and Mrs. Ackkud- Hood, Mr, Phillips, Captain dc Moleyns, Lord Roschill and Mr. Kalstou, attended the Princess' Theatre on Tuesday eveuiug to witness Mrs. Urowul'otter in Sardou's play of " La TOECH." THE marriage of Miss Alice Watson, daughter of the Rev. Canon Watson, of St. Paul's Church of England, Sale, with Mr. Harry TeuuiEwood, of " Easterby,'' Essendon, will take place at Sale ou Kjstcr Tuesday. THE marriage of Miss Auuie Lamb, daughter of Mr. Lamb, of Darrimau, Gippsland, with Mr. Walter Lloyd, of Melbourne, will take place at the bride's residence on Easter Monday. The Uev. Canon Watson will purform the marriage ceremony. ORISOLD-COLLINS. THE marriage of Miss Maggie Collins, daughter of the late Thomas Collins, with Mr. David Grisold, eldest son of Mr. David Grisold, of Laanecoorie, took place at "Spring Vale Farm," Bealiba, on Wednesday, 26tl) Februiry, the Rev. \V. Wilkinson being the celebraut. The bride's gown was of dove liberty silk, panelled with white moire. The bridesmaids were the Misses Grisold (2), Collins (2) and Colo, all of whom were nicely frocked. At the wedding breakfast the Rev. Mi'. Wilkinson tpoke iu most, eulogistic terms of the bride. The honeymoon was spout at Ballarat, the bride's going-away dress being of blue cloth, with hat to match, O'NEIL—WARR. THE marriage of Mr. George D. O'Neil, Doctor of Dental Surgery, of Collins-street, Melbourne, with Miss Warr, eldest daughter of Mr. John Warr, of Maribyrnong, Moonee Ponds,took place at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Monday afternoon, His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne officiating. Owing to a recent bereavement iu the brides family the marriage was of a quiet character. Miss Warr approached the altar on the arm of her father, atteuded by two little brothers as train bearers and her two little sisters as bridesmaids. The robe tie marriage was very pretty, composed of rich white faille, aud made with a long train ; the front was draped with costly lace, aud long white moire ribbons fell from the waist ; the usual wreath and veil were worn, and the bride, who looked very pretty, carried a haudsome bouquet. The bridesmaids wore frocks of white muslin and lace, with white hats, trimmed witli feathers ; and the little boys wore white serge sailor suits. Despite the privacy of the cercmony, a large number of people were p-eeeut in the Cathedral to witness tho marriage. The wedding breakfast was held at Menzies' Hotel, aud duiing the afternoon the bride and bridegroom left for their honeymoon. The flowers for the bride and her attendants weio supplied by Messrs. l'aton aud Sons. MOORE—ANTHONY. THE marriage of Miss Mary Alice Anthony, second daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Anthony, of 364 Albert-street, East Melbourne, with Mr. Hugh William Moore, third son of Mr. James Moore, Comptroller of Savings Banks, took place at St. Peter's Church, East Melbourne, yesterday afternoon at three o'clock, the ceremony being performed by the Rev. Canon Handfield. The church was prettily decorated with pot plants, and was filled with relatives and friends of the happy principals. The bride, who was giveun away by her brother, wore an elegant robe of white corded silk, with long Court train, edged inside with a ruching of fine Honiton lace ; the front of the skirt was furnished with a panel of Honiton lace, and a large cluster of orange blossom was fastened at the left side ; the bodice was made high, with Medici collar and sleeves, and had a vest of Honiton lace, a little of which was also placed on the sleeves, mixed with a tiny spray of blossom ; a small spray of orange blossom and long tulle veil, with white suede gloves and shoes and large bridal bouquet, formed the tout ensemble of the lovely costume. The bridesmaids were the Misses Florrie Anthony, Connie Moore, Mattie Anthony and Louie Moore, all of whom wore most artistic gowns of white liberty silk, edged with hands of white applique, and finished with sashes of tile silk. Bodices of the silk were made with Medici sleeves, and Dircctoire fronts lavishly trimmed with applique. Their hats were of white felt, with ostrich plumes, and each carried a lovely bouquet of white and yellow hot- house fIowers ; they also wore narrow gold "name" bangles, the gifts of the bridegroom. The groomsmen were the Messrs. Campbell Hogg (best man), Robert, Arthur and Septimus Anthony. The bride's mother wore a handsome gown of black velvet plainly made, with long train, the bodice being embellished with a little fine white lace at the neck and sleeves. At the termination of the ceremony the bridal party drove to the residence of the bride's mother, where the dejeuner was held. The house was artistically decorated with cut flowers, the verandah being enclosed with flags and bright- coloured awning. The breakfast was held in the diningroom, which opened into the drawingroom by means of folding doors. During the afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Moore left on a honeymoon trip to Beaumaris, from whence they depart to Tasmania. The bride's travelling dress was of navy serge, braided in black ; with boat shaped straw hat, trimmed with white and navy velvet, and white wings ; parasol of navy silk ensuite. The following is the list of guests present at the ceremony :—Mr. and Mrs. James Moore, (parents of the bride- groom), Mr., Mrs. and Miss Alsop, Miss Walton, Miss Stella Jones, Mrs. Norman Gibbs, Dr. and Mrs. Burton, Mr. and Mrs. Buchau, Mr. J. Moore, junr., Mr. and Mrs. G. and the Misses Moore, Mr. R. Freeman, Mr. R. Lovell, Mr. C. G Alsop, Messrs. Webster and Cross, Mrs. C. H. B. Macartney, Mrs. Burke, Mr. J. Connelly, Miss Macartney, Mrs. W. E. Cunnynhame, Mrs. C. Howitt, Miss A. Palmer, Miss Walter, Mr. H. Walter, Dr. A. G. Wood, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs. R. Jones, Mr. C. Hogg, Misses Howitt, Mr. R. Stawell, Mr K. F. Palmer, Mr. Nicolson, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Handfield, Misses Handfield, and Masters Tom and Harry Moore. The following is a list of the gifts, which were laid out in the billiard room :— Mother and father of bride, handsome silver tea and coffee pot, sugar bowl and milk jug. Messrs. R. A. and S. Anthony, cheque £500. Mrs. Sherwin (sister of bride), cheque £50. Mr and Mrs. Harry Anthony, cheque £50. Mr. Jas. Moore, cheque £50. Mr. G S. Burke, silver dinner gong. Miss Walton (bride's aunt), fishknife and fork. Miss Fotherington, leather handbag. Dr. J. Hodgson, cut- glass and silver sugar- stand. Mr. W. D. Aspinwall, silver pickle knife and fork, butter-knife and fruit forcer. Mr. R. P. Palmer, pair of silver knife rests. Messrs. O. F. and G. W. Moore, handsome carved plaque. The Misses Palmer, art flower bowl. Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Pond, silver and glass cream and sugar stand. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Cunnynghame silver butter dish and knife. Mrs. E. J. Hogg, handsomely bound Shakespeare. Rev. H. H. P. Handfield, Bible and prayer books. Mr. Wm. Laurence, four silver cruets. The Misses Freeman and Macartney, antique portrait frame. Mr. J. Moore, jun., cut glass and silver claret jug. Miss Florrie Anthony, afternoon service in egg-shell china. The Misses Freeman, painted plaque. Mr. and Mrs John Freeman, Bible handsomely bound. Mr. and Mrs. D. Jones (Sydney), case of cutlery. Miss Mattie Anthony, cut china silver inkstand and bread fork. Mrs. J.C. Syme, silver cruet tray and scraper. Mrs. N. E. Gibbs, sugar dish. The bridegroom's brother officers, silver serviette rings and salver, prettily engraved, and pair of handsome dish covers. Miss Minnie Alsop, china flower vase. Mr. J. Moore, cut glass crystal and claret jug. Mr. Harry S. Walker, a bronze of Shakespeare. Mr. and Mrs. David Blair, silver entree dishes. Mr. Camp- bell Hogg, morocco album engraved. Mr. and Mrs. George Chapman, pair of bronze vases. Mr. and Mrs. D. Alsop, flower vase. Mr. E. Snodgrass, vase. Mr. Charlton Howitt, silver teaspoons. Miss Florrie Moore, afternoon tea set. Misses Connie and Louie Moore, fruit spoons. Messrs. D. and R. and Miss Mary Moore, flower vase. Mr. and Mrs. Burton, biscuit barrel and salad bowl. Miss Walton, cruet. Miss Stella Jones, teaspoons. Misses Howitt, salad bowl. Dr. and Mrs. Godfrey Howitt, plaques. Mr. G. Alsop, flower bowl. Mr. Fletcher, honey jar. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Macartney, sugar and cream cruet. Mrs. J. A. Porter, fruit knifes and forks. Misses D. and F. Handfield, flower bowl. Mr. H. H. Lovell, ice bucket and butter dishes. Mr. Moore, pair of vase. Miss Florrie Moore, china ornaments. Mr. J. S. Webster and Mr. Arthur, cross engraving. SOCIAL- (Continued). UAKR1S—IMUJSS. 1IARKIS -WHKKLER. A nnrjii.K marriage took place at Coliic Colae oil (lie 20th February butweeu Miss Gonr;;ina Collins and Mr, Andrew Harris, ant Miss Mary NVheelcr ami -Mr. Thomas Harris. The brideurooriis arc llie sons of Mr. Hugh Harris, ,J.P., of Hauler's Wain, and the ceremony ttiok place at the residence of Sir. James Wheeier, of Colac Colac. The Rev. A. ,}. Drewett ofliciated at the ceremony, which was witnessed by many friends. The iirst bride was attended by Miss Kirkpatrick ami Miss Minnie Ferguson,.and in attendance011 Miss Wheeler were her sister-, Alioe and Jessie. Tin; Rev. A. J. Drewett proposed the toast of t,he brides and bridegrooms, and the 1\\!V. J. Patterson proposed tile hc'ilth of their parents. Soon after the d'jfiiH'-r the wedding principals left f'jr the metropolis for t!)<ii' honeymoon. MUKIILS -MACtHIiK. 111 r marriage of Miss Mary Maguirc, second daughter oF Mr. James .Maguire, of Parkville, with Mr. W.P, Morris, chemist, eon of the late Mr. Henry Morris, of Kilmore, took place at St. Mary's R.C. Church, West Melbourne, on Monday, 17th February : the Rev. I'. J. Ay!ward officiated. J'he bride was prettily attired in a. white Indian silk, trimmed with Valenciennes l.ice, and a pretty toipie hat : 6he wore a handsome brooch, the Rift of the bridegroom, and carried a pretty bouquet. She was attended by her three sisters, Miss L. Maguire weiring a very pale g'eeu dress, with ribbons and hat to correspond, and Misses Acnes and Annie Maguire, white muslin frocks, stylishly trimmed with ribbons and lace, and all carried pretty bouquets ; they wore pearl brooches, the gift of the bridegroom. Dr. 1'. Gleeson attended as best man. I<*NI> —MILXKK. I'lIK marriage of Miss Marianne Miller, eldest daughter of Mr. William Miller, J.P., of " Fcrniewood,' 1 Nagambie, one o f the pioneers of the Goulboum Valley, to Mr. William S. Baud, SOD of Mr. \V, Hand, of tVliroo, was celebrated at the Presbyterian Church, Nagambie, on Wednesday, by the Kev. 11. MaeFarluue, uf .Seymour. The church was nicely decorated by the ladies of the choir. The bride's dress was of deep eream surah, handsomely trimmed with pearl lace, draped with tulle and sprays of orauge blrssom; wreath and veil to match, caught at the side with a diamond crescent, the gift of the bridegroom. Tile travelling costume was a navy blue costume, hat and parasol to match, with seal jacket. The bridesmaids were Jliss Lizzie Sliller, attired in a navy blue surah, with toque to match; Mits Feenie Miller aud Miss liaud, dressed in rcfeda, trimmed with bron/.e green velvet, with toijues to match, and weaving broochcs, the gift of the bridegroom. After the ceremony, which was witnessed by a crowded congregation, the guests returned to " Fcrniewood," where the breakfast was served ill a marquee, the lie v. H. MacFarlaue occupying the chair, and proposing the bride's health in r.uiupers of champagne. Tile happy couple left by the evening train for Mordialloe. I11 tile evening Mr-\ Miller gave an "At Home," at which over 120 guests were present. Among the weddiugpresents were : — Mr. Miller, cheque. Mr. J. Millor. flower stand.. Mr John Millor.junr-, cruet. Mrs. Sbarpe, silver ;oqg-staud. Miss Gordou, sot ot silver serviette rings. Mr. Mulligau, afternoon t<*a service. Mr. J Gordon, J.l'.. silver butter dish. Mr. Hasher, silver cake basket. M16S Laurie, Filver hotter dish. Mr. Doiids, pair of decanters. Miss MacDoimld, band-painted plaque. Dr. Rcid, silver piek'e cruets. H»v.H. MacFarlane.Hibloaurtcase. Mrs. MacFarlaue, work basket. Mr. .7. Taylor, J.1>. (Kilnlore), bread knife and plate. Mrs. Morgan, eiderdown quilt. MI'E. l'ark, table clotb. Miss booney, hand-painted picture nn ivorv. Miss L. Miller, silver dessert spoons. Mrs. Kanzlv, Ijuives andforks. Mr. SellecU, silver cruet. Mrs. V'urloug. silver tea-nnt. Mrs. Coruwell, set of silver meat cjvers, Mr, liray, dinner set. Miss T. Miller, epergne. His KXCELLKNTT and Lady Hopetouu will be present as the Caulfield Races 011 Saturday. His KXCELLKNO" the Governor will pay a vis't to Portland next week. His EXCELLENCY the Governor and a large and fashionable assemblage attended at the University I;rounds on Monday afternoon to witness the laying of the memorial of the Trinity College Hostel by the Countess of Hopetouu. An impromptu pUtform was erected in front of the building, and on this the leading visitots assembled, A procession of the lady and gentlemen graduates and undergraduates of the University preceded the (Governor to the dais, the choir of .St. Mark's, under the direction of the Rev. Mr. Stretch, singing a processional hymn as the distinguished visitors passed to their places. The religious ceremony was conducted by the Rev. Canou Potter, and at its conclusion Dr. iv?eper, the Warden of Trinity College, read the report, and then requested the Countess of Hopetouu to lay the memorial stone. Her lad vshipsaid : — "1 name these buildings now in course of erection the 'Oaucl Clarke Buildiugs.' I pray that true religion aud useful learning may here for ever flourish aud abound, and I declare this stone to be well aud truly laid iu the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.—Amen." A liymu of praise was then sung, and His Excellency the Governor aud liUhop Goe delivered shun addresses, the former dealing chiefly with the subject o? charitable Inquests, and the latter makiug reference to the ai.ns of women. Si' William Clarke replied in a short, effective aud humorous speech in which "Solomon' i-ufieredconsiderablyliy comparisou with "Portia." Sir William's reference to the immortal bard was very warmly received by the students. The Hon. (lie Speaker proposed a vote of thanks to Lord and Lidy Hopetouu. tbe VI011. tbe Mi 1 ,lister of Education speaking briefly in support of the motion. Canon Potter read the concluding collect, aud the Uishop of Melbourne gave the benediction. The Governor aud party and the other visitors thcu pasied from the platform, placing donations 011 the stone as they went, the choir meanwhile singing a suitable hymn. A very handsome silver trowel, with cirvcd ivory handle—the gift of Lady Clarke—was presented to Lidy Hopetouu as a souvenir of the ceremony. Hearty cheers were given for Lord and Lady Hopetouu, Sir William and Lady Clarke aud Sir Matthew aud Lady Davies. aud after tea had been ptu'tukeu of in the College hall, the proceedings terminated. Among those present were Miss Clarke, Miss K. Snodgrass, Dr. and Mrs. Madden, Mrs. Holrojd, Captain Aeklaud-Hood, A.D.C.,the Misses Rita and Ktta Jones, the Chancellor of the University, Mrs. filkiugtou, the Dean of Melbourne and Miss Macartney, Professor Morris, J)r. Bevan, Mrs. Hounld Macdonald, the Rev. C. Perks and Mrs. l'etks, Mr. Dieksou, the chaplains of the various colleges, the senior graduates, the members of the University governing body and hundreds of residents known to be iu sympathy with the higher education of women. MB. KDWARII DOUGI.AS Locu, son of His Excellency Sir Henry Loch, the Governor of South Africa, lias been gazetted a lieutenant iu the senior corps (The Dukes) of the Cape Volunteer RifleB. Mu. aud Mrs. Hiipert Clarlie left town lor their station residence, "Tnule," New South Wales, last week. DK. EMIL GI'THMI., the popular young physician, has been appointed resident surgeon at the Eye uud liar Hospital. Mil. and Mrs. Falconer Macdonald, of " Waiitnbadgery," arrived at " Kupertswood," Snnbury, on Friday last on a short visit to Sir William aud Lady Clarke. Miss J. G. DorciiAUTY, the Misses Dougharty and Mr. William Dougharty. of El«ood, leave for Europe, t ia Uombay, iu the R.M.S. & rai'foi, ou 41 h April. A GtNEUAL meeting of past, present aud prospective nu mbers of the South Van a Ladies' Calisthenic aud Gymnastic Class will be held in Christ Church Schouhoom on Monday next at four o'clock. FLOHENCK MEHK Mi YEB, the celebrated pianiste and composer, will give a pianoforte recital in the Royal l'riucess Theatre, Sandhurst, on Monday, 24tli March, and in consequence of the great success of her concert in Ballaiat she will, iu answer to numerous requests, give one more recital in that town, iu the Academy of Music, on 2nd of April. She will be assisted, as on the previous occasion, by Mdlte. Ihichatel. THE St. Paul's pro-Cathedral services arc being successfully conducted at 'he Masonic Hall, Collinsstreet, every Sunday by the Rev. W. Stacey Chapman. Mr. Summers is the organist, aud the leaders of the choir are Misa Miranda and Miss Ida Oaborue. THE " Ormonds," assisted by Miss Nellie Veiteh, gave a most successful dramatic entertainment on Wednesday eveniug last week in the Temperance Hall, the proceeds beiug iu aid of the Australian Church Children's Aid Society. Sydney Grundy's original play, " I11 Honour Bound," was produced with great success, Messrs. Hatris liayley, Mrs. liatton aud Miss Geacli sustaining the characters with success, and were awarded with an enthusiastic recall on the 'all of the curtain. Brougliton's comedy, " Ruth's Homance,' followed, introducing Miss Nellie Veiteh as Ruth Carey, the bcroiuc. This talented lady was seen At her beet as the simple, unsophisticated couutry maid, and must bo congratulated upon her acting, which ivas the admiration of all present. Mr. W. Stubbs, as Captain Wilton, aud Mr. K. Geaeh, as Jack Dudley, assisted largely to the success, both parts showing evidence of careful study. The church orchestra played several selections during the evening in a very crcditable manner. Tin; President of the Old Colonists' Association, Mr. Robert C. Anderson, invited a large number of guests to a meadow party iu the grounds of the society at Clifton Hill on Saturday afternoon. His Excellency the Governor, attended by Lord Rose hill, A.D.C., arrived soon after three o'clock, but owiug to pressing engagements was only able to remain for half-an-liour. The band, under tbe leadership of Siguor Zelman, played the National Anthem on His Excellency's arrival and departure, aud the Harbour Trust Battery of the Victorian Artillery acted as a Guard of Honour. Mr. Robert Anderson, Mr. Johnstone and the members of tbe committee received llis Excellency and conducted him through the cottages and other buildings. The Governor next witnessed the spear and boomerang throwing by three aboriginals, but owing to the very high wind their execution was not up to the average standard. The aboriginal means of fire lighting was quickly aud skilfully shown, and the Governor immediately afterwards took hiBdeparture, after applauding the " natives,'' who had previously been introduced to His Excellency. 'J lie attractions in the grouuds included performing dogs, Punch, and Judy, clowns on stilts and acrobatic clowns, merry-go round and French Aunt Sally, the band playing appropriate airs at short intervals during the afternoon. A huge marquee was erected in the groundf, and, owiug to tbe excessive heat of the day, this was the favourite rendezvous. Mr. H. Skinner's arran|(ements in this department were of the usual complete order. Among the guests present were Sir James and I.ady Maclfain, the Hon. J. S. Butters, M.L.C., Mr. John Blyth, Mrs. Richard Ford, MiBS H. Ford, Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Madden, Lieutenant and Mrs. Appleton, Mrs. U Cooper, Mr. Mark Moss, Mr. James Smith, Mr. and Mrs, W. Mullen, Miss Maud Chappell, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kitchen, Mr. M'Gregor, S)r. Xleid and many other well-known citizens, SOCIA \j—(Cmdinund). KNEEUONK—MASON. THE m/irriogc of Mr. Fred ICnecbone, eldest srn of Major Knc'obone, of Bedford, England, to Miss Constance Urowniug Mason, youngest daughter of Mr. Cyrus Mason, " Woodyats," Tynong, look place at Ail Saints', East -St. Kilda, 01 Saturday, Jfltli March, tile Rev Clias. Vaughan officiating. Tile bride's dress ^designed by Mr Tied Knccbone) was of ivory white cashmere, with Ion? train, Empire bodice, with vest and sleeves slashed with Pongee silk, veil covering train, Mieath of cringe blossom, and Urge posy bouquet of stepliaootis, water lilies and maidenhair fern. The bridesmaids (Misses Oakley and Parsons) wore pearl grey nun's veiling, white laee vests, while hats. Empire veils, bouquets of saffrons and maidenhair, with white streamers, and brooches, wit'" initials in pearls, the gift of the bridegroom. The bride waB given away by her father, and the best man was Mr. Oas. A. Ogg ; the second groomsman being Mr. V. P. Mason. Two little nieces of the bride in uhite dresses aud lace bats, strewed flowers as the bridal party left the church. The breakfast was given by Mr. Mason at his former home, Octavia-street, St. Kilda, now the lesidenccof his son-in-law, Mr R. M'Donnell. At the breakfast, Mr. Frank Whitworth read an epithalamium written for the occasion by Mr. R. P. Whitworth. Presents :— Major aud Mrs Kneebono, cheque, Mr. H. Kneebono, cheque. Mrs. H. Kueeboue. tea cosy. Mr .1 F. Mason, cheque. Mr.'J?. Mason and Mi6s Young, set of carvers in esse, with initials. Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Parsons, plate basket filled with silver, initialled. Mr. and Mrs. Thompson White, kid purse, with gold clasps, full of new sovereigns. Wise Parsons, tea service. Messrs. Parsons, teapot and handsome jug. Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Godfrey, beautiful jam glass. Mr. and Mrs. Cherry, cake plete, with monogram, MIBS and Mr. P. Oakley, eilvt r salts and spoons (in case). Mrs. Oakley, brass kettle. Sir. A. Oakley, handsome double- mirrored flower stand for wall. Mrs. W. P. Simpson, pair of lovely jars. Mr R. Voong and Mr, P. Wbitwortn. double set of silver kuife rests initialled (incase) Miss Whitworth, oak inkstand. Mr. Hannay, pair of handsome vates. Mre Martin, silver napkin rings Mr. G. T. A. Liavater, lovely ernet. Mr. P.O. D. Lavater, magnificent salad bowl, fork and Bnoon. Mr. and Mrs. Tyrrell, silver card receiver. Mrs. Arthur Masou (America), embroidered chair back. Mr. Arthur Mas of, cheque. Mr. Charles A. Ogg, magnificent marble and bronze clock. Jenniugs Carmicbael, very handsome jar. Mrs, A. Parsons lovely floral horseshoe. Presents en route from Mr. and Miss Dyke, Captain and Mrs. M'Donnell, Mrs. Fraser and MrB. J. Nixon-Smltb. Many presents of u< cdlework from girl friends. LADY DAVIES opened a sale of gifts in connection with the South St. Kilda Baptist Church yesterday afternoon in ihe Town Hal), St. Kildi. His EXCELLENCY the Governor of Tasmania and Lady Hamilton give a grand ball at Government House, Hobart, ou Thursday week, about 700 guests be : .Dg present The ball was a great success in every way Lady Hamilton's gown had a skirt of ivory silk end lace, with flowing loopB of pink ribbon, under a corsage and train of pink brocade, Mies Hamilton WUB gowned entirely in white. A VERV pleasant day was spent on Saturday last at Sir William and Lady Clarke's residence, " Rupertswood," when eleven young ladies invited by Lady Clarke played a team of lady cricketers from "Eldersley "(Mr. Hamilton's), the match resulting in a win for Rupertswood by over 20 runs. The play on both sides was wonderfully good, the girls all having had previous knowledge of the game. The players who most distinguished themselves were the Misses Osborue, Miss Keating and Miss Watson. Miss Keating and M>ss Watson both dividing the honours of the day for play and excellent bowling, while the fielding was done by the others with much activity and grace. The stumps were drawn at half-past live, everybody going home highly delighted with the afternoon's amuBemeut. LOKP CUAJU.ES SCOTT, the captain aud officers of H. M.S. Orlando gave a hioli tea on board ou Friday week, when Tasniauian society was largely represented. M KS, W. FVLLKK, the Mayoress of Prahran, will hold her first reception at the City Hall, Grevillestrcet, Prahrau, on Thursday next, from 3 to 5 p.m. Mus. J. O. CUMMINS gave a large children's party at her residence, " Weerooua," Middle Park, on Monday evening, the 10th March. THK Mayor of Noithcote and Mrs Plant will give a ball iu the Town Hall, Nortlicote, on Kriday, 2Sch March, to celebrate the opening of the Town Hall and municipal offices. DR. MEIX returned from New Zealand on Tuesday last. ARCHDEACON and Mrs. Julius left Melbourne for New Zealand on Tuesday. A GENERAL meeting of the members of the Richmond Private Assemblies was held at the Vine Hotel, Richmond, last Thursday evening, about forty members being present. Mr. Thomas J. Ryan was voted to tbe chair. The secretary (Mr Fred Goode) read the balance-sheet for the past season, wbicl) was adopted, and the following gentlemen were elected as a committee to carry out the arrangements for the coming season :—Messrs. T. J. Rjan, F. H. Goode, 0. W. Dunlop, H. Thompson, F. A. Foxall, J. Schlani, T. A. W. Moody, C. Hall and A. Patten. The first dance will be held on the 25th April. A very large number of applications for membership were received. THE largest thing in tbe way of "sales" that has ever taken place in Melbourne is, without a doubt, the great salvage sale of Mr, S. Nathan, •which ia now proceeding at bis partially destroyed warehouse in Swan6ton-street. Since Monday 30,000 sales have been made, realising over £5000, and, notwithstanding the employment of 40 assistants, Mr. Nathan has been obliged to close the doors against tbe eager would-be bargainers. Tbe sale will be proceeded with until every article saved from fire and water is sold. MESSRS. Richardson, Conder and Strecton, artists of local fame and popularity, held a private exhibition of their works at their'itudirs, Gordon Buildings, Flinders-lane, on Thursday, Friday and Saturday last, when many art connoisseurs availed themselves of the pleasure of an iospection. The chief of the pictures shown will be exhibit'd at the forthcoming Artists' Exhibition, so we make but the briefest reference to them. Mr. Richardson's studio has for its principal attraciions a charming study of bush life, entitled "The Sick Shepherd," " Modernised Mermaids" and a maiden in a bower of ftcun de-lis. The latter are specially notable for the boldness aud delicacy of colour in the subjects. Mr.Streeton and Mr. Conder have alrnostexclusively confined their work to Heidelberg landscapes, all of which are treated in amannertbathasahappy augury for the future of these youDg artists, and will be fully criticised during the approaching public exhibition. The three studioB of the gentlemen were most tastefully decorated and fitted by the Mutual Store. THE old-established firm ot Batcbelder and Co., photo-artists, of Collins-street, will on the removal of the present premises, undergo a change in its management. Messrs. R. and \V. G. Stubbs, sons of the present proprietor, haviuq Becured a sublease of the buildiug to be erected on the old site, will, on its completion, open a high-class photographic establishment, replete with all modern appliances necessary to the art. In constructing the studio, the Continental idea will be introduced, of having rcflectors erected outside the building, thereby ensuring brilliancy of light even in the dullest weather. During the re building, temporary rooms will be tiken and duly advertised, where copies of all photo,'s taken previous to the removal may be obtained, and orders taken for all branches of photo-enlarging, work for which this firm is noted. 