COROWA. RAILWAY STATION. Tux Adjourned publlo mooting to tnlro Into consideration tbo question of a alto to tho Corowa railway station was held in too School of Arte on Monday afternoon. Thu attendance was not qaito so largo as i at too former meoung, "»«. »»«» «f " atratlvenese for diminution in numbers. The Rev. Mr. Hobo was aqnin voted to tbo chnlr. Bo raid they all knew thn pnrposo of the adjourned meeting wbb to receive replies to tbo telegram that was Bent to tho Minister, stating the result of tho last meeting. He would call on Mr. A. A. Piggln to read the replies. Mr. C. Johnson ascended the platform and commenced reading a letter from Mr. Lyno, M.L.A. to the Progress Committee when Mr. Chiton rose and taid Mr. John eon wae out of order. They were not there for the purpose of hearing that correspon dence. Tho chairman said he bad no doubt the mooting would bo glad to hear the reply of their member on this Important subject. Mr, Johnson, however; did not essay to proceed any farther, and loft the platform. Mr, A. A. Piggin was tho next speaker. He said boforo taking any part in tho meeting he wonld like to Bay something by way or personal explanation. A great deal of feeling appeared to have sprung up between tbo advocates of tho IJill site and those of the MU1 site. Ho hoped after this business w&b; over they would all ho tho same good friends they hml been boforo. As far as he was personally concerned hi; could ftpsuro thorn, no matter which site was decided on, that he would meet them, one and all, on tho same friendly footing se had alwaye existed between thorn. (Ap. planee). There was talk outside of boy cotting, bat be wonld make it bis business to go round to those persons and assure them that no anch thing should take place. (Applause). Mr. Piggln then read the minutes of the lost meeting. Mr. Leslie then rose to a point of order. The vote of lost meeting was taken under a misconception that thoy hod been offorcd a oholce of site. Thoy never— Mr. M'Wiiliam rose to a point of ordor. Mr. Leslie wsb making a speech altogether from one point of view, and there was no necessity to stir op discord. The Chairman said the minutes just read wereslmply a record of what had bran done at last meeting, and nil that was necessary woe to coofirm them. Mr. Leslie- Bnt, Mr. Chairman, if these minutes are not correct. (Interruption.) Mr. Leslie— The Chairman has not ruled xne out of order. T will not ait down until he does. The Chairman—You are decidedly out of order. Mr. Leslie then resumed his seat, and on the motion of Mr. M'Wiiliam tho minutes were confirmed. Mr. A. A. Piggln had now a favour to ask of tho press. (Hear, hear.) If any thing had tended more than anothor to create ill'fuoling it wua tho telegrams that had been sunt to tho papers. Ho had sunt telegrams emliodying tho views expressed Aft. ihn iiiinitinir fn tlin Jmui. Atl. Morning Herald, 'and, ho holinvud, to tho Sydney Moil, hut ovidontly thoso pnjmnt luid their own reporters In Corown.and tho telegrams froui thoso wore published whUitt thoso rent by him wore suppressed. Ho would read tho telegram that had appeared. (Reads.) Mr. H. Hay asked if this was part of tho business. Tho Chainiiau— Docldodly. Mr. A. A. Piggiu (continuing) snid ho know ho hnd thn feeling of tho mooting with hint, and ho know thoy would not \ stand any uioro of this liiisrepresontntion. Ho thought if tho reporter who sent thoso telegrams did not know bin liuaiucHS thoy would let him know thoy would not put up with any more of it. (Applauso.) Ho knew there were somulipremmt who would not Uko his remarks, hut ho would speak tho truth no matter whom it might oiTund. He next rend the Age telegram. Tins, he said, meant simply that tho furmurs wore not capahio of forming an opinion for them selves. (Hear, hoar.) Tho tclegrmu in tho Banner was next road and criticised. It said tho farmers "voted solidly." Of course they did. Would nnyono havo thorn vote half-heartedly? Tho farmers had tho courago of their opinions, and thoy did vote solidly. (Applause.) Ho (tho spenkor) boliovednlltno bitterness was brought about by that telegram. It was a shnmo to nllow such to appoav in any paper. If the re porter who sent it did not correct it iti a future issue ho thought ho should ho called upon by tho nicoting to do so. (Hear hear). Ho hnd othor tolegrnma hut ho would not tako up their tiuio by rend ing thorn. A fooling hnd apparently sprung up with some newapaporn outside tho district thnt tho reports of tho local correspondents were uot roliablo, and a telegram had been received by a gentleman in town asking him to furnish a correct report. He might mention thnt tho Aryua and tho Daily Telegraph reports were tho fairest of all those thnt lind appeared in tho metropolitan papers. Ah regards tho local papor the report was fairly correct, hut was a littlo one- sided. Ho had re ceived a telegram thnt afternoon in reply to one sent by him in tho morning, stating thnt duo notico would ho givon of tho visit of tho Commissioners to Corowa, whon thoy would bo glad to got all tho inf/irinnflnii nnimililn. ( Aniiluiiflo. Whnn ho (the speaker) canto into towu on Monday morning ho found thoro a gontleinau delivering notices of resumption to proporty owners on tho hill. Ho there upon wrote out a telegram to tho Minister asking him not to tako any further steps in the matter until thu site hud been de cided on, and took it round to several gcntlomen for signature. This action of his hnd been mado a hnndlo of by tho opposite party, who said thoy had no right to do such a thing. Hut ho contended thoy hnd tho right, and that it was tho proper stop to tako. (Henr, hear.) Tho authorities in Sydnoy issued instructions to tho officers of tho dopiirtmcnt to do what thoy could in the matter, but, as tho meet ing knew, tho tolegrnni was received too late. Ho (tho speaker) had como to the meeting intending to givo a friend of hU a sound thrashing (laughter)— not with tho fists, but with tho tonguo— but ho would not say any more to him this time. Mr. Chunhnll said ho would like to rnnko a few remarks on what Mr. Piggin hnd said about nowspuper reporters. Mr. Piggin might not know as much as thoso reporters did, or ns thu editors of tho metropolitan napora did, ns to what a reporter's duties wore. A reporter wnn not a mere mnchino. (Henr. hear.) He was expected to furnish what ho concoivod to bo tho correct opinion of tho mooting. Unquestionably tho weight of tho argu ments at tho last meeting was in favour of tho hill site. ("No," from a number of voices,) Ho (tho spoakor) maintained that tho weight of tho urgumont was, hut uot perhaps tho words. (Henr, hear, and ulssont.) Tho telegrams did not eauso the scare that Mr. Piggin snid thoy did. Mr. Chunhnll read from tho telegram in tho Banner, and said tho strongest argument in favour of tho hill site was used by Air. " '| A. Piggin himself, to carry tho farmers ' with him, whon ho spoke about tho block ing of tho Jorildorio road. If tho lino were to ho carried across tho rivor at tho rocks thu Umnn road would bo blocked, and thnt would ho infinitely worse. ("No," and confusion.) Mr. Piggin deHired partial' reports, but lot there bo fairuess oit both slues. (A voice: "You did not givo it.") A very slight explanation would clear up tho Age tolegnun. How would it bo if tho reporter, knowing tho valuo of tho services rendered by Mr. F. C. Piggin as secretary of tho Progress Committoo, hnd reported that Mr. Piggin hnd snid so nnd so, lustcnd of using tho nauio of tho Progress Com- mittoo, Tho telegram would then bo literally correct. (Mr, A. A. I'iggiu hero handed Mr. ChanhiUl a paper, which the latter read aloud. It was tho resolution re site adopted at tho last meeting of tho Progress Committee.) Air. Choiihull said Mr. I'iggiu handed him that resolution, hilt ho did not show that the connection could Imi made from that Niiiit, Ho (tho speaker) was looking at i liu May street site a few days ago, ami lie found thoro was quite as much river flat to cross in tho one ease as lit tho other. (A voice : ' In Vic toria.") Ho was speaking for Victoria. Geographically wo belonged to Victoria and, with tho nlrolition of, liordor duties, tho trado of this district will and must bo with Victoria, (A voice: "Don't toll tho commissioners that," uud laughter). a Mr. Leslie, as ono of tho advocatos of tho hill sito, and speaking ns such, said ho did not como tiioro to try to turn them freui their prcconcoivod notions with regard to tho hill site. Ho regarded thnt as a hope- loss offort. lie and tho othur advocates of tho lull sito differed from them on that point, hut ho thought tliny had a right to come there aud express their opinious, or ho branded as cowards. (Hear, hear.) They were present to uuter a protest ngaimit tho "Alillites," ns they had liuou called, carrying everything tlioir own way, and when the commissioners did como thoy desired it should ho communicated to thorn that such a protest had been made. Til r cu gentlemen visited Mr. ilnyes, M.L.A,, in Alhury, yesterday. (Mr. M'Wiiliam > "Sunday.") Yes, it was Sunday; but many worse things than that were done on Sunday. (Laughter.) These gentlemen returned fortified by tho assurance that tho commissioners would do nothing until thoy had been to Corowa and seen tilings for themselves. Reference had boon tuado to " Iwyeotting." It made no differ ence to him, or thoso who believed with lutii, whothar boycotting was practised towards thorn or not. Thoy would still adhore to their opinions. If thoy wore to bo boycotted ho ho|iud thoy would not he denied tho right of assuming thnt thoy had joined tho "noble army of martyrs. (Hoar, honr.) Mr. M'Wiiliam was not going to uiako a speech, hut would like to ask tho chairman a question. Ho luul read in thu report of tho Progress Committee that a resolution had boon passod directing tlmt a letter ho written asking that tho engineer, who said ho hod visited Corowa and consulted homo of the loading residents atmut the railway site, be requested to statu when he made that visit, and who were the residents ho consulted with. Ho would like to know if an answer had lawn received to that iuttor. Ho could not find anylnxly who had soon this gontloman. He had spoken to several of tho loading residents, but ho could not find ono thnt know anything of this consul tation. What Air. Firth should have done If ho wnntod the opinion of tho residonte was to havo cnlled a public mooting, or he should have called on thu Progress Com mittee, vviio were the representatives of tho people. llut lie did nuithur. Ho (Mr. Firth) npoko to ono or two perhaps, hut ho (tho speaker) was at a loss to know how or when Mr. Firth hold this consultation. Thu Chairman said ho had no knowledge might bo able to answer tho question. Air. F. C. Piggln could only say In refer ence to Air. Firth's visit that ho (tho HjHsikor) had written to Air. Lynn, AI.L.A., us directed by the Progress Cnminittco, anil had received a reply, in which Mr. Lyno did not refer to tho matter at all. It struck him (thu speaker) they were, in asking Mr. Lyno to hunt up this information forthuui, making a sort of detective of tho hon. geiitloman. lie hhiiHulf folt a great deli cacy in prying into this mntter, ami ho hoped thoy would not also try to make a detective of him. (Laughter.) Air. Piggin then read a telegram lie hnd received to the uffoct that thu Commissioners wore favourable to the site in Whitehead's pad dock. Ho had no further communication to give ilium. Ho was glad to sue such life infused into the farmer. Thu question of tho station situ hud stirred thuiu more than thoy were stirred whon thn railway itself was hoing agitated for. (Laughter.) lie had oftou tried during that tiuio to instil a littlo life into them but hang'd if ho could. (Laughter.) Out in matters of this kind ho thought there should bo no question of farmer, or trndesman, or squatter. (Hoar, hear.) They wero all ono pcoplu, and this fooling of farmer against townspooplo never should oxist. (Hear, hoar, anu applauso.) Ho hnd heard something about boycotting a paper, bub ho hoped there was no ono thoro so mean as to stoop to such an act. (Hear, hoar.) Everything that was dono in tho town was for tho good of all. If they uiado roads in town the farmor usod thoui. Evon their lock-up hnd to ho mado uso of by thorn sometimes. (Laughtor.) As far ns tho railway sito was concerned it wasamoremntterof detail. Hohadnothoard so far ono single valid argument against oither railway site ns far ns tho town was concerned. Ho had Mr. King on ono side, who said " if you put tho station on tho hill all tho traffic will go into tho hack streota and Snuger-Btrcet is ruined." Anothor gentleman on tho other side. ("Nniuo, name.") Yes, ho would givo tho name— a hotter ono thnu his own— it was Air. Willis. Ho said " if you do not put tho station on tho hill tho traffic will not couio down tho town at nil nnd Sangor-streot is ruinod." (Laughtor.) His (tho spenkor's) own opinion was, and always had boon, that if they did not get tho connection with Vic toria t.lu» inilwn v wniilrl lin nf vcrv littlo llfiO to them. (Henr, honr.) Tho speaker thou referred to tho lines about to ho constructed in Victoria which would connect with tho lino from tho Springs to Wnhgunyah, and said that whon thu Corowa-Wahgun- yali connection was effected this town would ho brought into direct communica tion with all parts of Victoria, and would tako most of tho trado nt proaont dono be tween Alhury nnd Alulbourno from tho former town. There was ono othor matter ho would like to refer to, and that was tho banquet thoy wero about to tendor to their mouthers. From tho enthusiasm ho saw displayed that day ho anticipated a great success for this woll-desorved complimont they woro about to pay to thoso hon. gon- tlomon. (Applauso.) Ho would bo happy to interview tliom ns thoy loft tho hall us ho hnd a few tickets to dispose of, (Laughter nnd applauso.) Air. Leslie wisliod to inform tho mooting thnt a messago had boun received from Alhury stating that tho commissionors would visit Corowa withiu a month and boforo tho iMiiquet, so that tho question of sito coubl ho settled before tliatovont took phico. Ho had boon requested to mako that announcement. Mr. A. A. Piggin wished to testify to tho courtesy lie hnd recoived from Air. Lyno, M.L.A., and thu promptness with which ho had replied to all Ills communications. Ifo Ho had not recoived a reply from Air. Hayes, so lie could, of course, only speak of what ho know. The chairman asked if thoro was any other business. Air. A. A. Piggin asked whether thoy should call a public mooting to moot tho commissioners, or appoint a deputation to wnlt on them. Several voices— A public mooting. Air. P. K. Ritchie— Why not tho Progress Committoo ? Mr. Loslio raid a public mooting would br> boat if thoy wanted numbers but a deputation if thoy wanted argument. Mr. A. A. Piggin proposed that a public mooting bo callod for the occasion. Seconded by Afr. Peterson. Afr. Lralio roso to speak, bnt was mot with interruption, llo ascended to tho tdatform nnd said he did not care for their loo-hooing, but ho would ask them for their own sakes not to dogrndo themselves by dosconding to such conduct. Ho asked for fair piny. Thoy know as woll ns ho did that if tho comuiiaionors wore tobo led by tbo decision of a public meeting that no hill had not a ghost of a chance, Hq wished to propose as an amendment that a committee nf three from oaeli side bo ap. IMiintod to form a deputation to moot tho coiiimiflsiom-rs. The amuudmont was seconded by Air. Simpson, but on being put to tho meeting ivus declared lost by a large majority. The resolution was then put ami curried. A vote of thanks to the chairman ter minated tho proceedings. 