PRETTY ANNIE. Bjikhis hcftfito feu old davs. and, aB my friend grp ' MW1 ranav 'wbs specially careful to lcimbliBRgeiiente. ' . HWBWi»lKwi9 J>in"W rr"w1 doe. £eht in the of the riflet hntjte between jjp|e|ifennd Gitoefis's-Iflue tootftooto hrinds, ' chiefly ribs and ;toi&ty; .'' "Aaog fight lBiapst jjff qriith apait .ftora-'tfiiB : jSaSeihseSampAiB ght'byef a wuplW ®®KeI nnd; liter; when the sound® f jpUiltdgite-clinking against the ? necks of beer Ppj:bfc-died away, conversation drifted tu«egognaa fights- of-all kinds. Humans deer in. some respects. Any talk mang/aMang" to wake up a'sort'of imp in IWn'Smd they bell one to the other, titotteojyiig backs. -This is notice- mWh 'who consider themselves. ggnorhb privates of the line : it shows the j8lBjb> ijtfig jaflaence of civilisation and the march ggfifinrbvoked tale. andeach tale more beer. ftdgMfibygdaied himself of a fong hietoiyin Malham Cove, a girl at, Pately lliffnkg-n danger. and apair . of clogs' MpmBefe Mwliag tangle . . abedf or f Matter o' a month," MML3jdrd pentivelv. jff"l«iifetame IS.otrhli'flourished his heels in the air. Learoyd,' ' said he critically, Shyon'eOnly fought wid men, an' that's n jiay'expayTience ; but I'vb stud up to a i|jffiosti- lp£Np.'!. -paid ' Qriheris, throwing ,a. cork at B3;-|£'Z6j$ pit up.an' addressthe- 'onte-f-you K 'spayiience. Is' it a bigger one nor file livih' trnt' !" answered Mnl- meystrciuhgont a huge arm and, catching prohfens Wthe collar. . '' " Now, where are ye, j||p|Sftok?- vPftlyetake thewurrud av the ilorrd rathymyimbnth another time ?" He shook him ggpOi-sbmethin' else, though,'' said Ortheris, Mffiga;dsliat Mulvaney's pipe, capturing afejfndSffildihg it at aim's length. Pll chuck gSSpurfQfit ihenullaii if you don't let me go I" MPbh pmra,ndin' hatheh ! 'Tis the only cutty gpvefloved." Handle her tinder or PU chuck .crost .the" nullah. If that poipe briik — Giveher back to me. sorr ?" - Qcihens'had pas8ed the treasure to my hand. Bwasanahsolutely perfect clay, as shiny as. JbaJLat pool. I; took it' reverently, Waayojitdl us about the ghost-fight if I MTsnt, the shtory that's troublin' yon? Av T.wili: ' I mint to all along. I wasonly h' ut hiy .owTi way, as Popp Doggie said HBlwiriprftwhid him tbryin' to ram a cartridge pS#3i the Minszle. - Qrto'xis, fallnway !" iPjKjeaaad.; fee; little tocmdoner,-" took his n|lledit,ii.his eyes twinkled. 'He has tn%teiiehteyes-of any one -that I know. |3454e-%fiyon," he began, "that I was 'ijie dsvflav amaa?" ' . . lhardL," ,said Eearoyd, . with a childish «raTOyH.;tha3e Orthefisyell with laughter, |wE8<8ti-was at ways impressing upon us ljAaifiiB'bld' fliiVs. ; KHidPiver tell you," Mulvauey continued llplmly, I was -wanst more av a diril than Ton don't, mean it?" said- Or- : hinT.was . Corp'ril I was. rejuced after- its I say, whin I Was Corp'ril, I was lllpie wassfieht for nearly a minute. g?Hyah lOThey was great times. Pm ould M myhrdjes'wore off in patches; sinthxy-go |upfdiscaiicerfced me, and I'm a married man tu. gHyehad my day, Fve had my day, and HBtinu'cantake away the taste av that! Oh,: TO/tiihe past whin I put me fat throngh iveiy |fegwan,ay the Tin Commandments between ftfegaOyimdLlgfrta Oat, blew the froth off a Iger wiped me mustache wid the' back av lahd ah' Slept on iit all as .quiet as a little |pmp:'Ptttfh® aIl over. .ut's over, an' 'twill td ine ; hot though ! prayed for l-ek- pf Sundays. Was there any wan in the IWMIhinint to touch Corp'ril Terence Hnl- raWila mte' met him. Iviy woman that ISsMdtr&'tritch was worth the lookin' afther »ti' -ivery man was my dearest laOr--Thad strqjp to him an' we knew |S8»0: was thebettiier maja avthe tn. . lpWiih i was Corp'ril' I wud not ha' changed ||i|tilflie .Colonel— no, nor yet the Commandher- IpnSGhisf . I wud be a sarginti. There was lmmm' ir-wudnot be! Ifother av Hivin, look \- EsAat am I how? Brit no matther! I other ghosts— not the wans in lPyfi'wasqQariered nia big cahtonmint— 'tis irognahneranse namin' names, for nt might sipjre.'fhe barrickE disrepitation — an -I was the - IppHnavthe earthtomy own'mind, an', wan ltoWbmeh thonght the same, small blame to ;Aither we hadlain there a year, Bragin, mg®oloqr-sargint av E Comp'ny, wint an' tdk Bfe that was a lady's maid to some big lady: I She's dead now, is Annie Bra- I mtj-diedat Earca Tal, or nt may have been I pimOrahTeyen— nine years gone, an' Bragin mmrnedagin. . Bntshe was a pretty woman introduced her to cantonmint I She " bad. eyes like the brown av a ffitfli|r's wing whin the enn catches nt, an' a Epiiptindter than my arm, an' a little sbP I mn iav a mpnth l would ha' gone throngh I ffiajbristlin' wid bay 'nits to get a lrfgg av. I p: >hair was as long as the tail av the I mrPs Aargeir— forgive me mentionin' that I dprih' haste in the same mohthfnl with Blgjgim Bragin— bat 'twas afi shpun gold, -an 6, was whin a -lock ay ut was more than loraaonds to me. There' was niver a pretty Hahyet, an' Pvehad'thxn BBBjftoggtoAnmie Bragin. in the chapal I saw her first, me oi Bjgafeio- rnnnd as nsual to see fwat was to be lmpToh're.too good for Bragin, my love, Ippiilu! I to myself, 1 but that's a mistake I can ggiftflWight or my name is not Terence JIul- Now; take my wnrrd for nt, yon Ortheris nMiteaD.' lieamyd, an' kape - out av Married Sters—as 1 , did not. No good iver comes of ' there's always the chance av your .bein' yanr face in the dirt, a long picket Hmftho ;boick -av yonr head, an' your hands HSin' the fifes on the tread av another man's BbpiniTilip' 'Twas so we f onnd O'Hara, he that JjfflEatyjtalled 'six years gone, whin he wint to HSeatir-wid bis hair oiled whistiin 'Larry Himrke' betunehis teeth. Kape oat av the HMarried Quarters, Isay, asl did not. 'lis on- .'tis dangerous an' 'tis iverythin ad, but— oh, me envl, 'tis syrate while BMpTitViLa always hangin' about there whin I dnty and Bragin wasn't but niver TOvpfd'beyon' ordjnar' did I get from gifieBiagin. 'Tis the pevaisiiy av - the sect, HimyselL an' gave my- cap. another cock' an'- straightened my back — an' Hrxntli 'as tho' I did not care, wid all the Hipmemin the Iffairied Qaxters laughin'. I was most boys are, I'm tninkin'— that romeh born av women can stand against HnyTkpldtip my little finger. I had reason M|jfllfehlrin' that way— till T met Annie Bragin. Hi an'd agin whin I was b landandherin' BfflgBiw jfiriRlr- ainan would go past me as quiet ISL 'Tfaat's quare,' thinks L' 'fori am, arad'he, the only man in these parts. Now H|gjijpy3ineiitcaiu Annie he np to?' Thin I; d;nryself a Jblayguard for thinldh' . such gs; bntl thonght thim all the same. An' Huark ybh, is the way av a man. . HfpJan evenin' I said.: ' Mrs Bragin, manin' Hpmrespectto yon, who is that corp'ril man' Hbadseen the stripes, though I end niver HgpVrfight av Ins face — 'who. is that corp'ril comes in always whin I'm goin' Hp'flSbiherhv God!' sez she, tarnin' as white Hkimiy bdlt ; 'have yon seen him, too ?' BisSeen. him!' sez I; 'Av course I have. Hlye w-ant me not to see him for '—we were jpfrlui? -talkin' In the dhark, outside the of Bragin' s quarters — ' you'd better Hjqlme to shut me eyes. 'Onless I'm he's come" now.' EAn' sure enough, the corp'ril man was Bialkin'to uB hangiu' his head, down as though uyrjBsnshamhd aV himself. Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' -sez I, very cpL. .- "Tis not for me to interfere wid yonr mK>in-bpt yon might manage these things Blainbre decency. I'm ofi to canteen,' Inez. inmed on my heel an' wint away, aain'T wad give that man a dhressin' tha t. npd.T hop him messin' about the Married Krarhersfor a month an' a week. I had not Ekteiupaces before Annie Bragin was hangin' aim, and I cad feel that she was ye go, Mister Mulvahey !' sez she. blood at the least— are ye W|ilhikll that,' sez I. an' my angerwint ' Will I want to 'be asked my arm around her H&j;»dhdL £ancied ahe had sar- " 'Hidyenotaay jnst now that I wasrflesh. and blood?' sez l: ' I have not changed ance.' I«ra, an'T k'rmy aim wherB nt was; \- ' Tbnr arms to ypoxsilf I' sez she an' her eyesspitrlded.- - ' => . — - "p'Sore |tmpnly human nature,', sez an' '.Ifcep' my arm wbere ut ivas. : "" 'Nature or no nature;' sez she, 'tou .take . yquf arm away or Pll tell Bragin;an he'll alter. :thenatuteof yonr head; - Fwhat 3' you take nib -fbr?'-gK:b"sezf.;' ; > i \- " " ' A-yromka,' sez T, 'the pretiieBt in bar- ricks.' , 1 : !wHe,'.aez she, 'the straighest in can- tonfnintsi'.V ? " Wid tiiat I dropped -my. -arm,- fell back tu paces and sainted, for I Baw that she mint f what she said."- " '» , " Then yon know something that some men .would give a good deal io he certain of. How 'could you tell ?" I demanded in the interests of -SCI6DCG. 'Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Av she sbntB her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle; take up your hat an' go. You'll only anake afool av yoursilf avyon'Bthay. But av .the hand lies openon the lap, or av you see her . ;thiyin':toshatutan'she can't, go on! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, asl wassayin', I fell back,.salnted an' was goin' away. "''Sthay-'wicL me,' sez she. ' llobk ! He's coimn' again!.' t ; "She" pointed to the verandah, an', by the height av impertinince, the corp'ril man Was comin' Out-avBragin's quarters. - " He's done that these five evenin's past,'- sez Aiinie Bragin. ' O fwhat shalll-do !' ; " '_HeB»otdo ut again;' sez I, for .1 was; fightin' mad. | Kape away from a manthathas been a .tiuifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. He rages like abrute beast. . - ' I wint. up to the man in the - verandah,, pumin'; as sure as I sit, to knock the life ontav him. He slipped into the open. 'Fwhat are youdoin' philaiiderin' about here, ye scum av the. gutter?''- sez 1 polite, to give- him his yramin',: for I wanted him ready. "He inver lifted his heac fiutsez all mourn ful and melancolins. as if bethought I wud he sooryfor him: ' I cioi't find her,' sez he. My troth,' sez I, you've lived too long— yon an' your seekm an" findin's in a dacent married woman's quarters! Hould up vonr head, ye frozenthiei av Genesis.' sez I, 'an' you'll find all you want an' more !' " But he niver hild up'. and I let go from the shoulder, whiere the hair is short over the eye brows. "That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behindthe blow, but I hit nothin' at all an; nearly put. my shoulternnt. The corp'ril man was not there,an'AnnieBragih, Who had been watchin'fromthe verandah; throWsnpher heels and carries on. like a cock -whin 'his neck's wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. . I wint bad: to : her, for a- livin' woman; an -a woman' like Annie Bran, is more "than ap'rade groun full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman'f aint before, \- an? I stud like a- stack calf; asMn 'her whether she was dead, an' prayin her, for the love av me; an the love a,v her husband; ail' ;the love airihe -Virgin,, to bpin her blessed eyes again, an'callrn' mesilf names undher thp canopy av Hrvin1 for plaguin her wid my miserable amoors whin 1 ought to ha' stud be tune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his mess. " " I misreinember fwhat nonsinse I said, but I was not so far gone that I cud not hear a fat on the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by the same token Annie was comin', too. I jumped to the far end av the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt m -me month. Bat Mrs. Qahm, the Quartermaster's wife that was, had tould Biggin about - my hangin' 'round Annie; . " ' That's bad hearin',' I sez, an' I knew that the pickets were dhrivenin. 'What for, Saf- gint?' sezL . - , ".'Come outside,' sez he, 'an' Til show you why.' . I'm willin',' sez I, but my stripes are none' so oiild that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I-go ont wid?' sez L " He was a quick man an' a just, an' saw fwhat I wud be, afther. 'Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband,' sez he. He might ha' known by me askin' that favour that I had done' him no wrong. \- - . # " 'I wint to the "back av the arsenal au'. Stripped to him; on for ten ruinates 'twas all I cod dp. to prevent him kiHin' himself against my fistes. . He wras madias' a.dnfnb dog — -just froth ing wid rage; but'Ke.bdd no chanst wid me in reach or learnin? -or anythfng else. " ' Will ye hear reason ? sez I whin his first wind was ronnin' out. '" Nbtwhoile lcan see,"sezhe. Wid that I gave Mm both van afther the other, smash, through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a bdy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wing av.a rick crow. " ' Will ye hear reason now, ye brave man?" sez .L t 1 Not wboile I can speak, sez he, staggerin' np blind as a stomp. X was loath to do it, bat I wint round an' swung into the jaw ride on ah? shifted ut a half pace to the left.. ; -'"Will ye hear reason now?' sez I; 'Ican't keep my tamper much longer, an9 'tis like I will hurt yon.' " 'Not whoilel can stand,' he mumbles ont av one corner av his month. So I closed an' threw him— blind, dumb an' sick ; an' jammed ' the jaw straht. " You're an-ouldfool, Mister Bragin. sez I. " ' You're a young thief,' sez he, 'an' you've bruk my heart, yon an' Annie betune you.' " Thin he began cryin' like a child jas he lay. I was-sorry as I had never - been before. 'Tis an awful thing to seen strong man cry. " I'll swear on the cross!' sez I. I care for none av your oaths,' sez he. " ' Come hack to yonr_ quarters,' sez I, ' ah' if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez L _ "X hoisted him an' tuk him hack to M3 quarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, 'here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' - « ' You've Bhan.ed me before my wife,' he whimpers. " ' Have I so ?» sez L ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's fate I think I'm for a dhressin down worse than I gave you.' " An9 1 was ! 'Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation; There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that' was not -given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun9 me like a cooper roun9 a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekase I . wint into the' corner shop an unstrapped lewnatic, but all that I "iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tonld me. An9 that, mark you, is the way av a woman. Whin nt was done for want av breath, an Annie was bendih9 oyer" her husband, I sez : "Xis all thrne, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell "Kim of wan service that I did you?9 "As I finished epealdp9 the corp'ril man- came up to the, verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was" up an' we end see his face. " ' I can't find her, sez the corp'ril man, an9 wint put like the pufi av a candle. " ' Saints stana betune us an9 evnl !' sez' Bra gin crossin' himself. ' '.That's Flahy av the Tyrone Bigmint.' " Who was he,9 sez I, ' for he has given me dale av fightin9 this day.9 "Bragin tould us that Flahy was a" corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an wint . mad, and walked afther they boried him, hontin' for her. " Well,' sez I to Bragin, ' he's been hookin ontav Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. -Bragin ivry evenin' for the last fortnight. You may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that die's been talkin9 to you, an9 you've been .istenin9, that she ought to onderstand the differ twist a man an9 a ghost. She's/had three husbands,9 "sez I, 'an9 yon've got a wife too good for yon. In6tid av" which you- lave hbr to be boddered by ghosts an' — an' all manner av evilspirnts. I'll niver go talkin9 in the way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good night to you both,9 sez I. An9 wid that I wint away, havin9 fought wid woman, man au9 divil in the heart av an hour. An that's fourteen "years gone ! Eyah! Cork's own city an9 the blue sky above nt— an' the times that was — the times that was!99 Budyaed Kipling. It would seem from the more recent dis coveries that the milk is the" first thing about a diseased qpw that is affected. Doctor Babcock says he can detect in themflk the approach of milk fever arid garget a week or ten days before there are any outward signs, by the formation of an extra-amount of fibrin in the milk. We all know how sensitive milk is to outward in fluences. Why should it not he equally sensi tive to inward "influences ? A fistula or sore of any Mad wMch causes the taking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels must poison the Mood to a greater or less extent, and it-is pretty generally conceded that the blood is the source of milk. In case of tuberculosis, "the inllk must be loaded frith the germs of the disease, as the bloodhas to all pass throngh the diseased organ. That "it is so has been demon strated by feeding the milk, to young n-nimnlg , -Some stomachs may be strong enough to resist i and destroy the disease genhs. but who wants to take the chance ? If "the milk were boiled itmight destroy .the 1 germs. So cooMng the 