THE WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE OF NEW SOUTH WALES AND QUEENSLAND. -3 The annual sittings of the conference of the Wesleyan Methodists of New South Wales and Queensland were commenced in the Centenary Hall, York street, last evening. There was a large attendance of ministers, and the gathering numbered more than 2000 persons, many being unable to obtain sitting accommodation. The proceedings were held under the presidency of the Rev. R. Caldwell, the retiring president. After the hymn, " And are | we yet alive," had been sung, the conference prayer meeting was held in which several of the senior i ministers engaged. The retiring PRESIDENT then delivered his address. He said My Dear Father.- and Bret breast come now to vacate the chair which you by your votes called in to fill 12 months ago. During the sessions of last Conference and throughout the year, I have found that he who fills the presidential office receives the loyal respect and love of our ministers and people everywhere. For my participation in those precious things I present my thanks first of all to our gracious God, and then to His servants. The brotherhood of Methodist preachers has In it hearty fraternal love, and a tender jealousy lest anything should occur to mar the beauty of Christian morality. The affection of our people for the Church of their choice is deep and strong, yet liberal enough to show by action, as well as to say by word, Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. I meet you after the toils and triumphs of another year, and I am right heartily glad to see you. We have sung the time-honoured lines 1 " And are we yet alive, And see each other's face !" and we have gone back in memory and in thanks to the troubles, the conflicts, the fighting, and the fears we have had, and to the Lord's grace vouchsafed tons. " All thanks to the Lamb, who gives us to meet; His love we proclaim, His praises repeat." Death has not invaded the ranks of our ministry during the year. But some of our brethren have been partially laid aside by sickness, and some with their families have been saddened, though in submission of spirit, for the Divine Father has taken home some of their dear ones. But he who was for many years a leader and a wise counsellor with us, although severed from us for a while, having returned and spent the evening of his life here, has been sent for since our last Conference and William B. Boyce leaves us the lessons of his life while his body rests in our soil. The suffering and the bereaved one's have our sympathy, and we pray that the God of all consolation will comfort and support them. I glory in TER FATHERS OF THE CONFERENCE, one of whom completed the jubilee of his ministry in this land a couple of years ago. I thank God for our senior men-some of them frail and increased in years, yet wise in counsel and rich in the fruits of ministerial life. May God spare them to be a blessing to us. One valued young minister judged it wise to send in his resignation a few months ago. That resigna- tion will be placed before you. We have not had any case requiring the exercise of discipline. Peace, as far as I know, unbroken peace, has been with us in the two "''lonies. We have now completed THE THIRD JUBILEE OF WESLEYAN METHODISM. I need not adduce any statistics, nor enlarge upon this subject just now. We need no apology to anyone for being alive, we do not require to be offensive to others in extolling ourselves. But when we remember that 160 years ago John Wesley formed his first society, and that now our people are found in the British Isles, in British colonies, in foreign lands, and in the Methodist Episcopal Church of America North and South constituting the largest Protestant body of Christians in the world, we stand and worship in the presence of the Highest and say, " What hath God wrought f" I am glad to be able to say that a jubilee sermon, to be reached by one of the ablest of our senior ministers, will be a marked feature of the services of this Conference. I mourn that our Toogan Church is still afflicted and tempest tossed. Some of her goddess children are still exiled from their native land for conscience sake. The labours of the talented and devoted James Egan Moulton, and of the able and self-sacrificing George Brown, have not been crowned with the success we had hoped for. We and Tonga are in God's hands. May Ile teach us His lessons and purify His Church. In our quarterly meetings and district meetings, as well as in our connexional organ, we have had considerable discussion for some months past upon the ONES meeting as a test of membership. One thing I have noticed : That all who have spoken or written have been of one mind as to the value of the class meeting as a means of grace, and as helping us in that Christian fellowship which is a vital part of the spiritual Church of Christ. And, again, I have noticed that the more we have of the love of God in our hearts the less objection we feel to attendance upon class meeting. Still, we require to do something for those who are not meeting in class. THE FOREIGN MISSIONS. Most of you will have observed that Sir William M'Gregor, the Administrator of the Government of British New Guinea, has sent a communication to our Board of Missions inviting us to commence a mission among the inhabitants of the islands under his jurisdiction. If we are true to Jesus Christ and to Methodism we must have the missionary spirit. If we have such a spirit we shall be prepared to do our duty. We can establish the mission referred to if our people in this and the other colonies will find the money necessary to sustain the work. Already our mission fund is taxed to its full power. We must not neglect our older fields, but can we not at the same time send the soul saving truth to regions beyond P A very important subject for our consideration is our own CHURCH SUSTENTATION AND EXTENSION SOCIETY. My dear brethren in this ministry, need I say anything to you to urge the value of this society r" its help is wanted in so many ways churches, residences, but chiefly dependent circuits require assistance. If we are to keep up the present scale of grants more money will be needed. If we have not more money we cannot keep up the grants as at present. We rejoice in the abundant blessings of God in the fruitful seasons of the year. The severity of the trials of many families, consequent upon the prolonged drought, is already passing away. Let us, as a Church, be not unmindful of the gracious ness of Divine Providence. Let us. as ministers, lead our people to thanksgiving, and to thanksgiving to the God of the harvest and of the field. Of the amounts given to the Centennial Thanks- giving Fund, I understand that something over £7000 has been allocated to the Theological Institu- tion. The importance of training young men for the work of the Christian ministry is an accepted canon by you, and is of the utmost importance to our Church, trust that the subscribers who have not yet intimated the objects to which their contributions shall be devoted will give a prominent place to the Theological Institu- tion. During the year we have launched our Home Mission enterprise," and from several places requests have been sent to the committee for home mission agents. But owing to the difficulty of finding suitable men but two have been employed ; these are doing good work, and send favourable reports. OUR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. The Sunday schools are deserving of more consideration than we have given them. I commend to you our Sunday School Union, a valuable organisation which has not received the acceptance it deserves, but is now growing in favour. When we remember that we reported at last conference 30,946 Sabbath-school scholars and 3286 teachers, and that in the majority of the schools there is morning as well as afternoon tuition, that the lesson book of the schools is the Bible, which we hold to be the Word of God, one or two things are to be marked. First, that there is such a large number of voluntary workers in this department of the Church. I thank God for this. I recognise these as members of a noble band, prompted by Divine love, some of them for many years in the service of the King, and to whom it is said, " Great is your reward in heaven;" and second, I do not think the spiritual results are all that we have a right to expect. Very many of the boys and girls of our Sunday-schools do not pass from the teacher's class into the closer communion of the Church. I know this is to some extent attributable to home influence. in too many cases he impressions are hostile to Sunday-school impressions. But yet, have we not a right to look for more direct and more manifest spiritual results ? I mourn that so many of the young people of our Sabbath schools, and of our homes and families, while they show a respectful regard for the house of God and for Divine worship, do not confess Jesus Christ, do not consecrate their service unto the Lord. In this land of pleasures, amusements and re- creations make their claim, and are responded to. Oh, that the claims of truth, God's immutable truth, may, by the power of the Holy Spirit, take firm hold of the souls of many of the young. THE TEMPERANCE CAUSE. The advocates of the temperance cause are still battling away. The iniquities of the drink traffic, as we see them in our day, can scarcely be exaggerated. Many of the houses where intoxicants are sold are Îdague-spots-social, more!, physical plague-spots in he community-and we are perfectly fair in asking for local option, that we may thereby have power to deal with these places. The Methodist Church has always been on the side of sobriety. Brethren, we are quite consistent with our church history and with Christianity in espousing to the extent of our ability the blessed cause of temperance. The church of the Lord Jesus Christ is to-day the greatest power on the earth- Those nations where Christ is not acknowledged indicate rottenness and decay ; those peoples who, led on by priestly cover, have dethroned the Divine Jesus, and exalted saints and creatures, and human assumptions, have declined in the scale of nations. Where Jesus Christ is honoured most, there, then, is the most assured national stability. It is our duty, my brethren in Sa minlLtpy, to stand by the fundamental doctrine of Christianity. We have no fear for the Bible. It but withstood the attacks of learning as well as of ignorance for many cen turret must stand. it will stand out the power of us. But we have need to look at ourselves, at our $S,ttd at our country. Australia if you like, a federated Australia woods, and will need the holy moral power of Divine Christianity Around us there is godlessness r altitudes an utterly neglectful of the house of God, and of the ordinances of religion a minority of the population attends church or chapel It is altogether untrue to me the proaching is so poor intellectually, and the sun were so tame that they do not attract the people Persons are attracted by politics, and by songs, w on the speaking and the singing were much inferior in all that makes up real worth to what they may hear in the sanctuary of God lies, in the Church itself, we are in great danger of Till CUUSf 01 bBLPIBHNBSS Many prosper in the world, they live in great comfort in the supplies of thin club his But some are not liberal they do not won over which they could spare, much less do they sacrifice any j luxuries any grafting tions for the work of God or for the poor N thing seems so attractive to say no sensationalism outside the church and a thin the circle of its professors, something-.cusarion it is the demand Yuv thing son sational in this cb meetings ara s a crowd But in the week-night services and in other ordinary waterings of the church very few attend the love of the world has in many instances, taken the place of the low n of the Father, and the di tractive features which would lead men to take knowledge of us that we had been with Jesus are too often lost Brethren I am not giving a pessimistic view of things are I not stating facts ? We need to 1 >ok at them in the light of God that we in ii son realities and not phantoms all hat we want to-day is the rom al power of the Spirit of God I do not think the Church is starting for the want of more learning I do not think she needs more talent, I do not think she needs more organisation We have all of those Let us now of more of them if it is God's will I do not object to anything that can have an effect for good But when we consider the number of sermons proached by ourselves and the local preachers at the work done by the leaders and stewards, and at the services hold and the prayers offered, I do say we need more of THE MAMFFSTBD TOV, KB. OF GOD We read that in tho house of Cornelius, where he had gathered ' his kinsfolk and no is of nonda," YY bile Peter yet spake those words the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the Vi or" they did not need to wait for the pr 15er meeting they did not require to employ such auxiliaries as Bands of music to reach the people. The Spir t had been given, the spirit was working where the teachers went The Spirit has not now left the Church "We do not need to ask the Lord, "Send down like Spirit" The Spirit is here Shall we not receive Him into our hearts, Sly ministerial brethren, my brethren the local preacher in our Church our office bearers, Sunday-school teachers, brethren and sisters in the membership of Christ's body, the promise is to those who ask Our Lord Jesus understands humanity He touches the most sensitive part of our nature when He save "If ye being evil know how to give bread to your hungry children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him " in the Church we require more of the spirit of prayer earnest, persistent prayer All around us there is intense earnestness, securing the way to success The student, the merchant, the broker, the speculator, the tradesman, yes and the sportsman, all are in earnest And what for? I leave others to answer But the Christian Church, with the vast resources of Deity placed before her, the Almighty giving liberally? and upbraiding the, promises ours, one of which has never yet been broken, the royal bounty of an Infinite God made known through the perfect plan of salvation by Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit Divine helping our infirmities, and He who speaks as never man spake, saying. " Ask and receive that your joy may be final and shall not we be in earnest V May God pour upon this land, upon the Methodist Church, and upon this conference, the spirit of grace and of supplication " And then, while we are yet speaking, God will hear, and we shall be imbued with the now creating power of the Divine bon I pray that we may know Him and the power of His re- surrection At the conclusion of the presidential address the conference at once proceeded with the business of the election of president for the ensuing year. This was by ballot, and resulted in the selection of the Rev W Clarke by an overwhelming majority The Rev. Charles Stead was re elected secretary of the conference. The ni re-elected president, and the re-elected secretary, each returned thanks, and the sitting was closed. with the Benediction being pronounced FIRST LIST OF STATIONS (subject to correction) SAn BY DiSTRicT Central Mission Wil late G. Taylor, Princes-street Robert W Vanderkiste, Richard W Orton, supernumeraries, -Foreign Missions George Brown, general secretary of missions Sustentation and -extension Society of New South Wales Richard Sellors, D D, clerical general secretary. The Military and Naval Forces, the Hospitals, Le -Samuel Wilkinson, honorary chaplain Wesley Church Charles Jones, Baal Mack, supernumerary Bourke-street Henry W T Pincombe William H Beale, I has Parker, Randwick Jabez? B Waterhouse, Randwick, supernumerary Glebe William Clarke Forest Lodge Benjamin Dinning Hay street and Pyrmont William E Bourne At of ham street Rainsford Bavin Mount Lachlan-J Egan Moulton Nowtowu-TaiueB Woolnough, Alfred J Harding, George Peel meeting, supernumerary Stanmore-Ed J Rodd, John A Jeffreys, Leichardt Samuel Wilkinson, Petorshim Joseph O ram William Moore, John Bowes, supernumeraries N owing ton College, Stanmore Wil win Kelynack, D D president of the college Theological Institution Stanmore- Joseph H Fletcher, principal Waverley - George Lane James G Middleton Frank Firth Paul Clipsham, Ebenezer Fox, supernumeraries Pad- dington John's Austin Balmain-Joseph Spence, Patrick J Stephen St Leonards- Mr. G R Stephinson Willoughby and Gordon Frederick C. Boyer Ashfield-John Gardiner, William M'Callnm, Peter- sham Burwood-John Clifton, James Sommerville, supernumerary Ladies' College, Burwood Charles J Prescott B A , president and headmaster Home- bush-Charles i. Butler Rockdale-W Halse Rogers Manly James Colwell Parramatta-Mat- thew H Parkinson Liverpool and Granville Alfred S. Swift, Granville Ryde - James E Carruthers, Walter J Davis, supernumerary Hunter's Hill-One wanted Windsor-John W Moore Lower Hawkesbury Henry Woodhouse Gosford To be supplied Penrith-James Phillips Katoomba-To be supplied Camden-John T Orr Wollongong Benjamin J Meek, George C Percival, Bulli , James W Howson, supernumerary Kiama William H George, Joseph Bryant Shoalhaven Ed ward King, Nowro Broughton Creek Charles J McCoy, Berry Ella- dulla G Holford Cowles, Milton Moruya Harry Allen Bega-Frederick Colwell, David Tonga is residing in Sydney. BATHURST DISTRICT -Bathurst Charles Stead Henry Jones Rockley John A Waddell Blaj ney-Joseph lam Cowra-William G Willard Orange Matthew Maddern. Spring Hill Thomas R McMichael Molonglo W A Roberts Mudgee-Robert Allen Rylstone George W Payne Hill End Alexander Douglas, supernumerary Oberon-William Wall Lithgow John Kiel turned Dubbo and Wellington Joseph Wood house, Dubbo Cobar-A student Nymagee Gregory Chappell Parkes-Warren Henry Forbes William Stewart. Bourke- A. student MAITLAND DISTRICT West Maitland George Martin James A Bowring East Maitland William Hill Morpeth-John Robson Francis J. Branch Raymond Terrace Newcastle Richard Caldwell Richard East, Hamilton one requested Wallsend and Waratah- Adm Parsons bmgleton-Henry Wiles Muswellbrook Maria Brown (E) Morris- and Benjamin Lana. Dungog and Stroud Thomas F Porte, Dungog Myall Lakes Tobe under the care of of the minister of the Dungog and Stroud circuit Manning River Granville O Cocks ARMIDALE DISTRICT -Armidale William Glas- son one to be sent Tcntorflod-John Hulme Glen Innes and Emmaville James Scott Inverell Frank E Fletcher, M A Chinese Mission -Joseph Tear Tack, Tingha Tamworth Gustavus R Glasson Ernest Ensor Bingera John Thomas Gunnedah Robert M Laverty Narrabri Charles E Williams Coonamble and Walgett- William Oakes GRAFTON DISTRICT -trrafton-William H. Williams Brushgrove and Ulmarra Robert Johnston Macleay River Daniel A Gilsenan, Thomas A Hanson Bellinger River John W. Harrison Port Macquarie Charles J Duffil Lower Clarence Frederick Dixon Richmond River- George A Reeve, Lismore, Aaron Cooper, Casino Ballina James H Lewin. GOULBURN DISTRICT -Goulburn W Wools Rutledge came to be sent Crookwell Thomas Northcott, one to be sent Yass-William C Hughes Gunning -Henry Pennington Braidwood- Queen- began Stephen Wright Young-Gus Thompson, one to be sent. Bowral Kirton A Corner. Robert- son-Walter Lucas Bombala-H P Grainger WAGGA WAGGA DISTRICT -Wagga Wagga wil- liam Weston Junee Reginald B Bowes Adelong William H Hall, B A Cootamundra Joseph Beale Deniliquin John Calvert. Hay-J. Gerrard Martin Narandera One to be sent Wentworth-Andrew Holiday Corowa-Fredena Warner Albury-J G Morris Taylor Wilcannia W Gould Taylor QUEENSLAND SOUTH DISTRICT Brisbane (Albert street) Henry -youngman. Alex Hutchison, Thomas Brassington George Woolnough, M A supernumerary Sandgate- Home Mission Station Secretary of Home Missions Brisbane (Wesley) Fran- Duesbury, John J Gee Brisbane (theValley)-Robert Dyson Wm Pearson Brisbane (West End) Arthur J Webb Ips which James A Nolan, Francis J Curwood, JOBI ph Snell Pine River John Gardner Pimpama I Benjamin Bottomley Toowoomba William Dinning Warwick-Robert Stewart Stanthorpe I Thomas Warham Maryborough James W Win i spear. Charles Wiles (supernumerary). Gym pie Thomas B Holmes Bundaberg William Brown (at Mount Perry To be under the care of the minister of the Bundaberg Circuit QUEENSLAND NORTH DISTRICT Rockhampton Charles W Graham, Walter P Brown (Mount ' Morgan) Peak Downs Eldred Dyer Townsville William H. Harrison, a candidate Charters Towers Joseph Bowes, a candidate. Hunhonden, Herber- ton, and Port Douglas-. Croydon William II. 11 toward. FRIENDLY ISLANDS DISTRIOT.-Tongatabu-Georgo Brown, one to be sent, Paul Fukofuka A Mus, Agabus Tuualubo. Tubeai College Principal : David Tauaika. Haabai-John 'Cause. Vavau - Ernest K. Crosby, B.A., John Lain, Henry Talia. The' Haabai circuit is under the direction of the chairman of the district. 