CRUMBS. The coming champion.. O'Connor in a dudgeon. Mr. Bartlett excelled himself. Proprietary mine never looked better. A splendid opportunity for Bill Sykes. Even Mr. Patton is not indispensable. Allerdale did not stand long on hot Coles. Address in reply agreed to m both Houses. A contingent pastoral liability of £3,000,000. Stansbury v. O'Connor is to be rowed again. Bravo, Chief Bell; long let your praises be rung. That bucket was worth several human lives. The peeler refuses to be treated as a machine or slave. A profit of over half a million sterling in six months. These disloyal horses must be fed on demo cratic chaff. Another half-million square miles added to the Empire. Further complications of the Newfoundland fishery trouble. The railway men cannot conceal their love for the Jtcgiatcr. The Micawber Ministry—waiting for some thing to turn up. The CarriRjfcons do not oovet colonial tea pot presentations. It is an unpardonable sin to disagree with a Tory Government. Country school-children are to be carried at quarter fares on the railways. " The young artist and infant prodigy of the team, the Attorney-General." What Mr. Holder is to the Ministry, Mr. Kingston is to the Opposition. Sir. Howell succeeds Mr. Patton, but there is no howl about the alteration. Joel Reed's remains found at Manuwalka nina Creek. Perished of thirst. The Premier found the greatest ability in the House amongst Freetraders. I Old Blood-and-Iron may be kicked outside I officialdom, but he will still bark. Have you read Stanley's interesting account i of the most ancient race of pygmies t I A young married man ana a good son and j brother has been killed at the Hunt. I Rev. N. KinBman, who has made many into kinsmen, has to pay £100 for his last error of judgment. Not only are Irish members to shut up, but even a London bobby is not allowed to speak for himself, Did Sawyer's accomplice accomplish that Commercial Bank robbery of gold from a Chinaman? The swallow of the Attorney-General indi cates the return of the summer of prosperity to the Ministry. I Mr. Minchin found Canton the dirtiest city on the face of the globe. There is no cant on that question. _ 1 Economy in our affairs has the same effect upon our fortunes that good-breeding has on ! our conversation. The Rev. J. Nicholson denounces "taking without giving an equivalent." That's a point for the single taxers. _ 1 " Mr. KinBman looks his name all over, a particularly nice portly double- chinned, Tich borne-Claimant man." 1 Our incomes, like our shoes, if too small will I gall and pinch us, but if too large will cause us to stumble and to trip. Masonic meetings are pleasurable gatherings, for wives •. are unadmitted. That's a nasty woman Hater who writes. .. ; Auctioneer Parson Kinsman has the distinc tion of having caused more tinkettling than any man in Australia has. "How would the Hon. J. H. Gordon like a progressive tax on eloquence and smartness? ] It would almost ruin him." Like a good shepherd, the Premier is trying to crook the erratic sheep Charlie into the progressive land tax fold. The Victorian legislator is in training like a boa constructor for a big swallow—he has to gulp down 787 miles of railway. Our Legislative Council is said to be the only Upper House-in the Australian Colonies who receive payment for their services. A line to the fruit growing district of Angaston could be made for £110,000, and there is a reasonable prospect of it paying. How happy the Government would be if it could only deoide the progressive land tax without bothering about wretched details. " On that Sofa," said Kinsman, pointing to a little black horsehair, one spring seated, ' Five Thousand 'Appy Cuppleshave sat." The Emperor William represents the new order who clothes the iron hand of Imperialism with the glove of Democratic statesmanship. Stanley has been accused of human frailities —envy, jealousy, selfishness. This at least proves his humanity and checks idol worship. ,O'Connor is an Irish-American, and he only wanted one other qualification to win that race. What?—To have been bom in Aus tralia. How comes a Democratic Government, with a professional head over public works, with an unemployed difficulty in these prospering times? Mr. A. G. Pendleton was not worried with Palmers ton deputations. Suoh disagreeable work is palmed off to the members and Mr, Smith. Chaplain Goadman (not an unfit name for a Bishop's prompter) will write Dr. Perry's biography; an interesting piece of Melbourne history. When Aristotle was asked "what a man could gain by telling _ a falsehood," he answered, "Not to be believed when he speaks tho truth." The old Tories won't oonsult the oolonies about the appointment of Governors, but John Bull may look out for squalls if a duffer is appointed. The artof putting the right men in the right places is first in the science of government: but that of finding places for the discontented is the most difficult. Hon. George wants to. make the Govern ment responsible for constant employment to the people; in other words, he would.make the Ministers earn double their salaries. A fact for the Bev. J. C. Kirby, Mrs. Lee, nnd others—A comparative study of male and female crime in France last year showed that seven-eighths of criminals are males. With regard to the servant girl difficulty, when a calling has become unattractive em- ; ployers must endow it with concessions, privi leges, or dignities to enable it to compete with other pursuits. I It is understood that the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain will ask a Committee of Judges to discuss with him the best means of securing more equality and uniformity in sentences passed upon persons convicted of crime. The Shah of Persia, in addition to being a great smoker, always devotes one corner of his cabinet to the Btorage of snuff. He keeps a { good supply and his last bill for snuff amounted to £150. His purchase was made in London. Subject.—Stansbmy and O'Connor Race— First youth—" Bather peculiar that O'Connor should claim it on a fowl!" Second youth— "I should think he claimed it on a shell 1" First youth—"Just like his Canadian chick Count Andrassy, in his will, declared in an introductory passage that it was his convic tion that the maintenance of great landed estates was esential to the oontinued prosperity of the country. For this reason he entailed his estates. Notwithstanding that the population of New York is rapidly increasing, there has been no increase in the number of drinking-places. The report of the Excise Department shows that there are 78 less liquor saloons than there were last year. xne runniest recognition ot tne aiaerence in temperament between our countrymen and the French is to be found on the labels of a popular sauce. On one side of the bottle it is recom mended in English because it is used in "the Royal Household, the House of Lords and Commons, the India and other Government Offices, Army and Navy messrooms, the clubs, Testaurants, &c.;" On the other side it is re commended to Frenchmen because it is used "dans ks principaux circles, Alexandra Palace, Royal Aquarium, hotels, et restaurants." The contrast between Windsor and the Alexandra Palace, the House of Lords and the Aquarium, is more delicious than the sauce. Obituaries.—James III. of Scotland, was not exactly the Abaddon of the Apooalypse, but he was nevertheless a bad un, for he mur dered his own mother's son John, and com mitted so many cruelties that his own subjects revolted, and he was himself assassinated June 13, 1488. "Blood for Blood."—Have you ever read Collins' "Odes an Eotogues?" If not you ought to. They are exquisite ex amples of musical versification and ideal grace. Well, poor fellow, he died June 13, 1756, the victim of poverty, neglect, and conse quent mental imbecility too painful to con template. Memorabilia. — In the agreement made, signed, countersigned, witnessed, sealed, and delivered between the executors of Richard Earl of Warwick on the one part, and the artizans employed'in the embellishment of his private chapel at Warwick on the other part, dated June 13, 1454, our antiquarian prurnb man has rummaged up this curious item:— "William Austen, citizen, and founder of London, to make of gilded latten fourteen images of lords and ladies, after fourteen patterns made of timber; also, eighteen figures of angels; and a hearse to stand on the tomb above the principal image. For each of the first weepers 13s. 4d.; for each angel 5s., and for each pound of latten in the hearse lOd. Memorabilia.—Early in the fifteenth cen tury France was rent asunder by the contend ing factions of the Burgundians and the Armagnacs. During the insanity of Charles VI. the houses of Orleans ana Burgundy disputed their right to govern thenation. But John Duke of Burgundy managed to effect the assassination of the Duke of Orleans, and thus to obtain Bupreme authority in Paris. But he was driven into exile, till in 1418 he returned " breathing vengeance and slaughter" upon his enemies. The massacre of 3,500 souls by his direction began on the night of June 12 of that year, and was continued during the three following days. In this terrible onslaught the Duke of Armagnao himself was butchered. Subsequently the sanguinary Duke of Burgundy possessed him self of Charles VL of France, usurped all authority, and, by the troubles he fomented, favoured the designs of Henry V. of Eng land to conquer France. But his "end was. nigh at, hand." The Dauphin, afterwards Charles "VTL, invited him to a Conference, and procured his assassination in revenge for the murder of the Duke of Orleans. Obituaries.—Francis Garasse was a French Jesuit, who a la John'Howard fell a sacrifice to his philanthropy, June 14,1631. _ He caught the plague while visiting the sick in the hospitals at Poitiers. Peace to his ashes.— Sir Henry Vane was beheaded on Tower Hill, for high treason, June 14, 1662. He had taken an active part against the Royalists, but he also opposed the usurpation of Cromwell. But at last, like Cromwell and the weather cock, Vane discovered that it was a vain thing to a-spire.—Dr. Ralph Bathurst, died June 14, 1704. He was educated for the Church, and was offered the See of Bristol, but U.C. his inclination did not run in that Channel, so he declined the honour with thanks. He was an orator, poet, wit, humourist, medioal practitioner, and divine all rolled into one. Intellectual mincemeat, you know. Memorabilia. — Three dreadfully glorious battles were fought, June 14. AtNaseby, in 1645, the Parliamentarians, under Fairfax and Cromwell, met the Royalists, commanded by Lord Astley, Prince Rupert, Marmaduke Langdale, and Charles L It was decisive of the fate of the unfortunate Charles, who was compelled to abandon the field to his enemies with the loss of all his cannon and baggage, and 5,000 of his army, who were made pri soners. The Battle of Marengo - was fought June 14, 1800. Napoleon enoountered the Austrians, and after prodigies of valour, his army was retreating when General Des saix arrived with reinforcements in the very nick of time, and turned the fortunes of the day. The slaughter on both sides was dread ful. The Austrians lost 6,000 in killed, 12,000 in prisoners, and 45 pieces of cannon.—The combined forces of Russia and Prussia tried their level best to take the oonceit out. of the French, led by Napoleon, at Friedland, twenty-seven miles south-east of Konigsburg, ■ June 14,1807. But the Allies were completely vanquished, with the I0S3 of 80,000 -men, and 80 pieces of cannon. Memorabilia.—Edward L, known in after years as "the English Justinian," and "the Great Plantagenet, was born at Winchester when a mere infant, June 16,1239. In 1285, you see, Edward was 46 years old, and our in defatigable antiquarian Crumbman writes:— "In that year (1285) Eln, Countess of. War wick, held the Manor of; Stoke-Norton in Oxfordshire, by the Sergeantry of carving at the King's table on his birthday; and she was to have and to hold, for.better or worse, the! very identical knife His Most Graoious Ma- ! jesty then used at table." Funny, wasn't it. j Obituaries.—Who has not read or heard of i Bishop Butler's "Analogy," that masterpiece : of close logical reasoning? Well, at the age of sixty, the good prelate died at Bath. Some years before this it is related that a poor curate named Joseph Reed had been promised a pre ferment by the Bishop, who, however, forgot all about it. But the bruised Reed was not a Trades'Unionist and didn't go on the striken He, however, contrived to obtain an oppor tunity of preaching before His Grace, and took for his text, "Yet did not the Chief Butler remember Joseph, but forgot him." This drew the "Chief Butler," you bet. Joseph, the poor curate, was soon made Rector of West Donnington, in Gloucester- ! shire, with a jolly good fat living. Sarved um right. ! Obituaries.—John SobieskL after a reign of twenty-two years as John IIL of Poland, went "the way of all flesh," June 17, 1696, aged 76. The man who often saw war died at War saw. The year before his elevation to the throne liis country was thrown into the Slough of Despond by the invasion of "those rascally Turks, but Sobieski gave them a fearful thrash- j ing at Choezim upon the eastern banks of the Neister, near Easter, when the carcases of 28,000 Musselmen were left-to fertilize the barren land. _ Memorabilia.—The 17th of Thanmug was observed as a fast by the ancient Jews in com memoration of the action of Moses in breaking all the ten commandments at once. (Exodus xxxiL 15).—Cobbett in his " English Gram mar," gave some curious critical specimens of " errors and nonsense in a King's speech." Here is another, James I. in his opening of Parliament at Edinburgh, June 17,1617, said, "I have nothing more at heart than to reduce your barbarity to the sweet civility of your neighbours ; and if the Scots will ho as docile to learn the goodness of the English, as they are teachable to limp after their-ill, then I shall not doubt of success; for they have already learnt of the English to drink healths, to wear coaches and gay clothes, to take tobacco, and to speak a language which is neither English nor Scottish." . Memorabilia.—This is what was written sixty years ago by an author who professed to know all about it:—-"The great Hindoo festival of Plutt Juttra is held June 18, at the town of Juggernaut in Orissa, onoe a separate kingdom, but now a province of Hindostan. His sable highness, being turretted upon a car sixty feet high, his wide wooden mouth besmeared with blood, is produced exactly at noon to the countless pilgrims, many of whom—one-tenth at least—devote then miserable lives beneath his chariot wheels." Our Oriental Crumbstersays this is all amyth; the yarn about the self-immolating dupes of superstition having originated in the fact that the bones of pilgrims to the city are to be seen for miles round where they fell and perished of fatigue, disease, and want. Obituaries.—Literary men of genius do not always die early of a softening of the brain, although the writer is not in what you may call robust health. Thus on June 18, 1616, Bishop Bilson gave up the ghost at the good old age of ninety years. And yet, in addition to his Episcopalian duties—"the care of all the Churches you know—he found time to write lots of theological . works, e.g., "Difference between Christian Subjection and Unchristian Rebellion," " Christ's Descent into Hell/' and " Perpetual Government of Christ's Church," one of the most powerful works in support of Episcopacy ever written. Bishop Bilson being the son of Mr. William Bilson, of Winchester, he must have been Bill's Bon.—Arthur Murphy died in London, June 18, 1805. He was a rale Irish boy by birth and a thorough Cockney by choice ana adoption. He tried the London stage and failed. He tried bis fist at writing tragedies and succeeded. He edited three periodicals, studied the law, was called to the Bar, was briefless, wrote the lives of Fielding, Garrick, and Johnson, translated Tacitus, and died a tolerably wealthy man. Obituaries.—Piers Gaveston was beheaded June 19, 1312. He was a favourite of Edward II, but his pride and prodigality stirred up with envy and revenge the slumbering fires of the retaliatory spirit of the English nobility that had too long reposed upon the couch of imbecility and indifference, which nothing but the avenging sword of Justice could arrest in its devastating career." That is how that ver- bose biographer puts it. We have no idea of his meaning; we doubt if Gaveston himself has. Memorabilia.—Our only King John signed Magna Charts, June 19, 1215, at Runnymede, a meadow on the banks of the Thames. This is what that old chronicler says about it:— "On the one side stood Fitz Walter and the majority of the Barons and nobility of Eng- land; on the other side, the King, accompanied by eight Bishops, Pandulf, the Papal Envoy, and fifteen gentlemen. These attended as his trusty' and well-beloved advisers." This instrument was ratified four times by Henry III., twice by Edward I., fifteen times by Edward ni., seven times by Richard IL, six times by Henry IV., and once by Henry V. That other old chronicler says:— "Its provisions checked the most galling abuses of feuday superiority; they gave a new tone to English legislation ; they justified re- sistance to the encroachments of despotism, and in subsequent struggles with the Crown pointed to determinate objects the efforts of the nation." There, now, isn't that truly eloquent and eloquently true ? I trow not. Obituaries.—Louis I., surnamed le Debon- naire, Emperor of the West and King of France, succeeded his father in 814, and on June 20, 840, he made his escape from a monastery on an island on the Rhine in which he had been imprisoned.to the land of the here- after, and was never heard of more. Neither friend nor foe could ascertain 'his' where- abouts. In 817 he associated his eldest son Xothaire with himself in the Empire, and gave to his other two sons, Pepin and Louis, the Kingdoms of Aquitame and Bavaria. This, division gave such offence to Bernard, King of Italy, the illegitimate son of Pepin,' eldest son of Charlemagne, that he raised 811 anny against the Emperor, and put himself of the head of his troops, and marcned into Italy. On his approach the soldiers of Bernard fled, and the King was taken prisoner by Louis, who deprived him of his eyes. But Bernard died under the operation. In 829, Louis created his younger son Charles, whom he had by Judith of Bavaria, King of Germany, on which his other sons rose against him, dragged him from his throne and imprisoned hfin for life. Happy family. " Let dogs delight," &c.; Memorabilia.—A collector of unconsidered trifles writes:—"The great sea serpent was seen at Plymouth, in the United States, June 20,1815. Its extension above the surface of the water was more than a hundred feet, and the head appeared to be about bix or eight feet long. The serpentine animal noticed in the Norway seas is of muoh greater propor tions, with large blue eyes, which looked like a couple of bright pewter plates." Re ferring to the above ornr F.R.S. Criunbman writes:—" When sailing past Snapper's Point one moonlight night in the Griifin we wero greatly surprised at beholding a huge monster rising out of the water with eyes as large as ooach wheels, and a mouth wide enough to swallow an elephant at a gulp. As it ap proached I drew my sword, determined to shed my brat blood in defence of my fellow passen fers, but at that critical moment I was awoke y a blood-suoking flea lapping my proboscis." Fact. Obituaries.—Edward III., after a reign of fifty years, died June 21,1377, aged sixty-five. In his reign Chauser, the father of English poetry, flourished; gunpowder was invented, cannons were first used at the Battle of Creoy, David Bruoe, King of Scotland, was conquered and taken prisoner, the art of weaving cloth was introduced from Flanders, thejOrder of the Garter was instituted, the first sea fight on record (.between the English and French was fought off the coast of Flanders, and King John IL, surnaraed "The Good," was defeated at Poictiers, taken prisoner and shipped to England as a specimen of what etutf Jhoae rascally continental monarohs were made of. Edward bad seven eons and five daughters, but not one of them ascended the English throne. Memorabilia.—The trial of Queen Katha rine of Aragon, wife of> Henry VIIE, n.F., was opened at Blaokfriars Juno 21, 1521k Her protest against the jurisdiction of tha Court having been overruled, she threw her self at the King's feet and Baid " Sir, I be seech you to pity me, a woman and a stranger without an assured friend and without an indifferent counsellor. I take God to wit ness that I have always been to you a. true and loyal wife; that I have made it my constant duty to seek your pleasure; that I have loved all you loved, whether I had reason or not, whether they were friends to me or foes, I have been your wife for yeans; I have brought you many children. If there be any offence that can be alleged against me, Icon sent to depart with infamy; if not then I pray you do me justice." All the world knows tho result of that mock trial. Anne Boleyn's fascinations did it. Memorabilia. — That old chronicler has kindly handed down to a gaping and grate ful posterity the following spicy titbit:— " Upon the vigil of St. John the Baptist. (June 23), at night, in the olden time, the London watch was accustomed to be set with great parade, marches, and counter-marches from the little oonduit by St. Paul's Gate, through West Cheap, by the Stocks, through. Cornhill, by LeadenliaU • street to Aldgate; then back down Fenchurch-strcet by Grass church-street into Cornhill, and through it. into West Cheap again, and there broke up. It was altogether a very imposing show, scarcely inferior and very similar to the Lord Mayor s Show of the present age." That was in the noontide glory of Merrie Old England, you biow. Dear old buffers 1 Obituaries.—Albertus, Archbishop of Mentz, "escaped from this wearisome world and its woes, June 23, 1137. U C he was one of those cantankerous Ambassadors of the Prince of Peace who was placed "in duranoe vile," for conspiring against the Emperor Henry V. of Germany. But then you know that Henry had forced Pope Pascal II. to restore to him the right of nominating to ecclesiastical benefices, which Gregory VII. had wrested from his father, Henry IV. But you may remember that this same Henry V. deposed that same Henry IV., who, being "a fugitive and a vagabond upon the earth," died in poverty in 1106. And then you may recollect that his dutiful son, Henry V., was excom municated by Pope Pascal, and that he was the last of the Francoman, a dynasty that sat upon the throne of his fathers. Obituaries.—Vespasian, Emperor of Borne,, departed this life June 24, a.d. 79. He was the first and almost the only Boman Emperor who died a natural death. Served him right.. During tbo ten years of his reign he reformed the abuses that prevailed in all departments of the State, introduced excellent regulations for the correction of public morals, embellished Borne with many fine structures, including the Coloseum, aud fortified the - cities of the Empire. He was also a patron of men of learn ing and discountenanced immorality and vice. Memorabilia.—St. John the Baptist's Day. This festival was instituted A.D. 488 to oom. memorate the birth of the harbinger of the "Saviour of the World.—That memorable Battle of Shoys, off the coast of Flanders, in which Edward III. of England gave the French sailors their first dose of the newly invented gunpowder, took place June 24^1340. Our historical Crumbman _ says that Hrume says that Fabian in his "Chronicles of England and France" says that. "Nautical knowledge was not yet attended by humanity, for two Frenoh Admirals—Sir Nicholas Buchef and Sir Hugh Queret—were hanged upon the sails of their ships." , Obituaries.—Queen Eleanor,; wife of Henry ILL'of England, died June 25,, 1291. She was the daughter of the Earl of Provence, and King Henry gave much offence to the English nobles by placing all her relations in the highest offices of State. It was the same Queen Eleanor who made her name famous, bv sucking the Eoison from her husband's wounded arm when e had been stabbed by anassassin in Palestine. Learned school-girls of the present day are apt to think lightly of the good Queen's heroism, but she was probably not acquainted vrifch the fact that poison which will kill by injeotion under the skin may be swallowed with impunity. Memorabilia.—What is this royal pageant passing before the mental sight of your his torical Crumbman.I It is a wedding surely; and who is the bride? No other than Jane, tbt eldest daughter of King John, and sister of the then reigning monarch, Heniy III. And the bridegroom; who is he ! Why, Alexander ID, King of Scotland. The place, York Cathedral, and the date, June 25, 122L But your Crumbman sees ' yet another royal pageant, more splendid than the first. We are in France now, in the City of Rheims, and amid much pomp and ceremony, King.-GHiarles TX. has planed upon his head the crown (June 25,1561), Was ever King's reign more marked with bloodshed and cruelty. ' < 