; STORIES FROM THE BUSH. No. 1.— THE DEAD RIDER. By Wattlk-Blossoit. Wo wero staying ut one of tho most pic turesque watering- places in this colony, unci whilo on nn excursion to ono of tho numerous lions of tho locality, " foregathered" with two surveyors who find first seen the jflace in its pruuitivo slate, nnu wno una, in race, helped to survey its- not yet very well- dcvoloped roads. In tlio evening wo strolled out on tho pier at that fittest of all times 44 Twixt tho gloam ing nnd tho murk," white too sea shono pate and mysterious beneath us. It had been a roasting hot day ; but now, with tho brcozi off tbo sea and tho damp briny feci (which, for want of a better immo, I call sca-dow), wo felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, "This seaweed smell ia sugges- tivo of ghosts." 44 Why?" naked someone. 44 Well," ho said, 44 it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of water — salt water by preference— nnd (lend bodies." "But thoro nro no dead bodies about, aro 1 tbcro ? " hastily inquired a lady. 44 Not that I know of," said tho surveyor, cheerfully, 44 but let's tnko a seat nnd I will spin you a yarn which illustrates tho theory." Wo sat down, and ho told ns a story, the details of which I've quito forgotten, except that it had something to do with a church yard by tho sen, and was aiiflicioutly imprco- sivc nt the time, besides proving his theory to his own satisfaction. But onco start ao fascinating a subjeut with surroundings so in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire momentum as far ns it goes on, liko tho stono rolled from the hill. 44 1 know a true story," said ono of the Indies, 44 which hud somo connection with relations of iny own." "That is a sufficient guarantee," said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, white another remarked, 44 Jix- cuso my smiling." But tho lady, being en- couraged to proceed, began — "i\inny years ng ) my uncle nnd aunt spent a winter ia tho south of Franco. Tho mil ways wero not so numerous or well managed ns thoy aro now, and tho most popular way of getting to and from Eugland was by sea. Well, I daresay you havo all heard of tho wreck of tho Garonne. Sho was crowded with passen gers going homo for tho summer. My unclehad taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hoarted man gave it up at tho last momont to nn old gentleman whoso life was despaired of, and whe 30 only wish was to reach homo to die. This 6mall act of kindness saved tho lives of my relations. Among tho passengers was a delicate girl, tho daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad for her health. Her mother in England, knowing sho was with friends, and also believing that my uaclo uud aunt wero on bonnl, felt no anxiety about her, but wns looking forward eagerly to lier return. On the night of tho wreok sho wa awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, sho saw her daughter, clothed in white, fltnuding before her. 44 Mother," she said, 44 the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, nnd I have saved only this," touching her robe. 14 What is it?" asked her mother feebly. "It is tho roho of Christ's righteousness," said tho girl; and gently the vision faded away, leaving the mother alono with hor grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend camo in great distress to break tho news, the widow said, 44 I know it all, but in the midst of luy <=orrow I have tbo unspeakable comfort of knowing that inv daughter is 4 not dead but gone before." " There wns a pause. It had grown darker, nnd some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. '2 (I have to number them, for though they wore pleasant eompnuions, I have completely forgotten their names) knocked the nshosuntof Lis unromnntiopipe, nnd.snid, quietly, " I will tell you what I onco saw iu Queensland." 4 4 Wc wcro camped far, very far, out in the bush, scores of miles from the nearest out- stations. One nijfht, as wo sut rather late over tho camp fire, wo wero startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs iu the distance, .t-- it were gallopiug madly. It caiue nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold- of us. Wo jumped up, and tried to scatter tho embers of our lire, but we were too late, and in another moment n horse galloped into tlio circle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back ; but why was ho bending ao low, as if in ironical salutation I And why was his face of so strango a hue ? Dead ! Yes, Htaaodend. It was a corpse that eat that horse, and its mystery was nevor solved; for, though after decently burying him, wo mado many inquiries, neither at a station, towu- Bhip, nor hush shanty did wc over liear of" missing man and horse answering to the description of thoso two who took that j ghostly ride together." After a white 44 That is nota ghost story, said Surveyor No. 1. "It's a true story," re- ' torted the other. But we were all shuddering. Tho 44 murk" liud taken the place of- the 44 gloaming," and with ono accord we- turned our bucks on tho sea, uud went in to thfr music oud lights. 