? THE YOUNG FOLKS. JAPANESE CHTLDBEN. O wing to their longex clusiveness, the Japanese nice has many peculiarities which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their youth are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes." These young people are intelligent ami keen, but they are so much upon the watch for our peculiarities that it is easy to see they are not to the manner born; they are the creation of a nother civilisation, with different habits and customs. . _ v v- To l)e"iu with the beginning, Japanese babies are not i>:iuipered, and petted, and made into hothouse Plants. Mothers work upon what is known as the toughening theory. Plentyof life in the open air, often in a state of nudity ana with the head shaved, is the common treatment. In the house babies are left much to their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European home is not seen among the Japanese. Thick mats are almost the only adornment, and that m likes a splendid playground for the little children. Superstition begins with a child's birth, ana, in order to keep off the bogies, its first clothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, the material being dyed skyblue for that purpose. Among the wealthier families the "Record of Ceremony " says that " twenty-four baby robes, twelve of silk and twelve of cotton, must be prepared, the hems lieinc dyed saffron colcur," and that when the child has been washed its body " muBt be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed. The next important business is giving it a name The child is taken to the temple aud merely presented there, without any regions ceremony. The father gives three names to the Driest, and he writes them on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, and then, with oertaiu forms, thrown into the air. The first chat falls is the chosen name. This is written out on paper aud given to the child's parents to preserve. The priests at these times are usually very liberally dealt with by parents in the matter o£ presents, and they are expected to keen an accurate registry of the children presented at the temple. Then follows a family feast at home, at which time the child receives certain specified presents; if it is a girl, a pot of pomade; if a boy, two fans. In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a long life. ..... , .. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes man be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but they must be left off on the one hundred aud twentieth, which is the time set for weaning the child. 'There are elaborate ceremonies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by hand begins then, if the child is a boy it must be fed by a gentleman of the family; if a girl, by a lady. When a boy it three years old a sword-belt is buckled on. When he is seven he has two small swords put in it if he happen! to belong to the privileged class. Babies always have the bead shaved until they a re four years old, then three little patches are grown. . . . Children in Christian lands are very fond of hearing stories like "Cinderella" and "Jack ;he Giant Killer," "Beauty and the Beast;" and. strange to say, Japanese babies have the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some also that are peculiar to themselves, like the etory of the "Two Bamboos," which is here given: By the side of the bay of Teddo, on a beautiful bank, grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, lusty, and strong ; the other graceful, drooping, and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: "I should like to know what good yon are! The smallest breeze makes yon bend your head almost double aud sigh with pain. Look at me! I don't care what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. I can face them and feel the better for it." The star *".er bamboo, who was modest and retiring, replied: ''Yes, we are each suited to our vocation in life. You will be a stout coolie pole." "Coolie pole, indeed!" started her companion, contemptuously. " Not X! nothing 4 but the mast of a junk for rae." 4 And I," said the slender bamboo, "I shall be used to decorate a house at the New Tear festival, if I'm to be used at all." " Don't count on that,*' roughly said the big bamboo. " They'll make Etrong breeze jcame in irom uie sea. tuw mwiB the whole hillside quiver and rich— all bat the stout bamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say*'Go on; it pleases yon and don't hart me," while the poor little one at his side bent, and swayed, and groaned to see so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twood-cutters came, "Orra! Orra!"they cried. "Here's a; fine fellow for Hinashi's junk!" " Told yon so." i whispered the big bamboo. "Now for life! Anvthing rather than stop on this bank spending" the best years of one's life in listening to your eroanings." The axes were plied, and he fell with a thundering crash. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and called her their " Silver Spray,"' One day there was a great hullabaloo in the plantation. " What is the matter ?" asked the bamboo of her neighbour. " They are going to build a house here for the Prince of Tosa," replied the tree, " and we're all to be swept away." And the nert day the wood-cutters came and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the sand were thrown the beautiful flowers and the graceful clusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled and wondered when her turn would come. At length the destroyers approached her, and a man was swinging his axe in the air to give her the fatal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard: " No ; don't kill Silver Spray—please don't!" The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they planted heron a bank overlooking the sea. One day a dreadful storm arose, the water was churned into dark-green mountains of waves, and in all directions junks could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. _ Next morning the Bhore was strewn with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked in many places. As" the men dragged him to the foot of the garden he saw her and said : " Ah, I wish I had been a coolie pole !" And he was cut np for firewood, but the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when she heard boasting going - on around her would often tell the story of her strong, lusty companion. One or two hundred years ago the oldfashioned nurses were not-content with telling tales like " Cinderella" and the like, but there was a whole range of literature like the " Tale of Lord Lovell," and the "-Babes in the Woods," and " Mary Ambree," ; and the ' Witch Mother," and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far worse, for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. There is not an operation of nature or a simple act of daily life which has not an association of some weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They are everywhere. They not only appear the dark, or haunted . houses, or ;loomy woods. Every quality, such lunger, pride, malice, revenge—every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for victims. Evejy Tnan has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely see sewer- gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, insatiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old man under an umbrella, A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity—it -iS" not an intangible shadow or a phantom on which you cannot lay hands, but it is a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly that it handles tools, and swords, and twobladed daggers just as effectively as a man; hence it is a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, poweijess ghosts that trouble Christians in Christian lands Whatever shows itself to be a power in nature is invested with a spiritual existence. The storm dees not come of itself, but there is a storm fiend that drives it—a malevolent, malicious, destructive, hateful being. One of the Japanese ghosts is a judicious and highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water; it has horrid arms and claws to pull little children in with, and face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the mouths of wells and cisterns when he thinks of an awful water-sprite which is waiting to drag him down. One of the cheerful ideas common to humanity is that of the vampire—that is, the spirit of the other dead, or upon such Uvlng men or women as by their wickedness have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed spirits. Children are especially liable to their attacks, and there is nothing the vampire, likes so much as the tender meat of little children; hence Tapaneee children will not keep late hours or go near a place of burial lest a vampire should seize upon them and suck out their life-blood and feed upon their tender flesh. As the ordinary food of the vampire is the body of the dead, and the tid-bits from living beings only come aa occasional feasts, the vampire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way into the grave. 