STRAY SPARKS. . ? -«, ? John Haynea, the soi-disant 'Farmer's Friend' of the N.S.'W. Assembly, claims all the honour of the attempt recently made to obtain extended credit for those farmers to whom a paternal Government hag advanced seed-wheat. We at any rate 'will not deny his claim, for in our opinion no abler advocate could be found to plead for more ' tick.' John L. Sullivan, the eminent pugilist, de clines to fight Peter Jackson for less than 20,000 dollars. He had previously expressed his deter mination not to tight niggers, but will now taJce them on at double his price for wiping the floor with white men. No doubt were John L. to lmke out a bill it would figure thus -. — To pulverizing Jackson, 10,000 dollars; to loss of dignity in meeting culled coon, &c;, 10,000 dollars, &c.; Like all his actions, Sir Henry Parkes' s attend ance at the Conference is inconsistent with his former attitude on the question. Ho once sa'd that the delegates Bhonld be appointed by Parlia ment. Sib Charles Lilly calls Imperial Federation ' a phantom with less substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost.' Which reminds us that Australian Federation has something better than theKiama ghest behind it. Let U3 hope the cable trams will succeed batter than some of the cable 'crams' published in the daily papers. It is not correct to assume that Abigail Masher was responsible for the vagaries o£ the Mountain Maid. She was a bed-chamber woman of Queen Anne's reign, and much studied by politic il par ties anxious to retain power. History repeats itself like a bushman's slecver. The Melbourne doctors now attending Parkes say that the heart is his weak point. Anyone who has road his ' pomes' to ' Stella,' ' Arabella G.,' &c;, &c;, is o£ the same opinion. What a grand old snob is Parkes! In London he called on Doctor Kidd, the unorthodox practi tioner who attended Disraeli— probably to dis cover the infirmities of genius. Parkes is always pelting us witn. ungiisu opinions on him self. In his recent Melbourne speech our Premier significantly placed Federation befora the fiscal question. We are usually considered a borrowing people. So it is strange to learn that Mons, Pardon, the Governor of New Caledonia, intends to raise a loan in Australia for the purpose of constructing graving docks at Noumea. And this, too, when our more fiscal than political knight of the three brass-balls and tteel-awl is about to take a trip 'ome. It is said that our athletes advertise Australia and make us known to people who never before heard of us, but the reverse result has ensued from the Slavin-Smith encounter. Of course the cable announced the use of knuckle-dusters by the English 'push,' and the nest boat brings a con signment of the3e cowardly weapons to Melbourne. The customs authorities spoiled the plan of the speculator, who, no doubt, hoped to make a good thing by introducing a ' new line ' for the ' fcawlinies.' The Abigail Brothers are returning 'ome, and one of them promises to come back with several of his former fellow- workmen and school com panions. When will Providence send another St. Patrick to frea thi3 land from crawling things ? Me. Salomons, Q.C, commenting on . Parkes and the Mayor's banquet episodp, wrife3, 'It is the poet, not the politician, who is now in the ascendent.' If the poet is no better than the politician, then Australia and federation are in a bad way. What a sanctimonious expression John Davies, C.M.G., wears a3 depicted by 'Hop' in that Bulletin cartoon. John bears the Bible with the fervour and dignity of a churchwarden. His solicitude for that book no doubt accounts for his caleres3ness in regard to such insignificant volumes as Letfcs's diary. Abigail's position is represented aa more fiscal than libel. Church and conscience do not always run in harnes3. For unscrupulous misrepresentation nothing can compare with a paragraph in the last issue of a quasi religious - cum- Orange organ, which insinuates that Pigott wa8 well supplied by Pamell with funds to fly to Madrid, whence the poor wretch wrote for money to the Times, and was found with only a few shillings in his pocket. But worse than this, it is more than in sinuated that Pigott did not commit suicide at all, but was assassinated by a Vatican emissary, for what reason is not shown. The man who could pen such silly yet malevolent rubbish, no matter whether his garb be clerical or convict, is not safe at large. The dupes who pay for the print ing of such falsehoods are b?nightel indeed. Mb. Salomons, Q.C., says that he is no politi cian because his speeches or letters do not con tain abuse for abuse, the recognized hall-mark for public discussion. A hard hit certainly. Abuse and Dibbs's blundering would, combined, have killed the ambition of Pitt or Disraeli. Edmund Dwyer Gray, son of the late pro prietor of the Dublin Freeman's Journal, is about to visit Australia, and for both his father'* and grandfather's sake should receive a hearty welcome. There seems to be a difference of opinion with regard to the number of prople who sleep in the Sydney Domain, and, no doubt, both sides — for it is only another phase' of the fiscal dispute — are wrong ; but surely it ia a curious way of ascertain ing the correct number to notify at a public meet ing that an inspection would be made later on. A clergyman, the scene of whose Gospel labours is Belmore Park, and who has reached the patriarchal age of GO, when men should know better, got six months at the Central Police Court on Tuesday for wife assault The deefcrinp which he preaches was not stated, but the good shepherd very likely belongs to the ' peculiar people.' Melbourne is in an awful state at present. Typhoid U raging $ the thermometer is 103deg. in the shade ; the streets aie not watered ; the reservoirs are low j and things in general are so bad that Parkes has become prostrated aid can not make use of so favourable an opportunity as a demigod. Under such circumstances it is no wonder that the Conference is a failure, for dele gates, like Pickwick's jury, work more amicably ?when pleased with themselves. The aldermen at Raymond Terrace all object to taking the position of Mayor. Is this because of an inner knowledge of their own feeding capacity ? Mb. Crick, M.P., says that abolishing drink would do more good than a single tax. After fcbis who will attribute disorder in the New South Wales As3embly to the cursed fluid, the usual excuse offered ? Good news for the Temperance bodies. During the la&t; year the expenditure in alcohol beverages exceeded that of 1S88 by .£7,500,000. Trade has improved. It is only when men have no money that the temperance figures are encouraging. A beggar with. .£832 in his posses&ion; has been arrested ia Victoria. It is not every man who m akes so much by his persuasive eloquence and appearance. At the recent annnal meeting of the Sydney School of Arts ib was announced that the'intti tute had satisfactorily fulfilled it3 mission as a means of advancing education during the previous year. Meanwhile, the Technical College has been removed, and the large hall is converted into a vaiiety theatre, which is certainly an advance in education. Crusty old remitt-mco men vainly try to read the Noose, as Pat Murphy, a Bouciciult in a small way, sings 'I'm the man yiz don't meet ivry day,' and dances a treble jig. 