The Phantom Ship. ST MAME J. 01I.E, 'The Palatine! Tho Palatine 1' These. i words passed Irom lip to lip as the dancers I pourod out ot tho hotel parlors to gazo at - Km'thing away eff on tho murky waters tbat tpinnedthn shores ot lilook Island. Tho evening was dark and dreary. Only now and then a star Btruggled into viow from behind a cloud, and the pretty girls and tho few beaux that could be inustored from the whirl of the citica preferred a danco in doors to 'spooning ' on tho piazza. So when someone announced the appcaranco of tho unoanny Palatine, very few wero able to catch a glimpse of tho. fiery vision before it disappeared. ' ' 'Wnut is tho Palatine!' inquired Kate Willard of tho Harvard student upon whose arm she hung. ' Have you never heard ot Block Island's famous gboat? Miss Willard, you know every place of any note has its ep joky legend, and this sea girt islo is not behind tha rest of tho world. In faot, bcro the supernatural takes upon itseli a unique form in tho shape of a sea ghost ; iu other words, it is a burn ing ship that is seen off tho shore and tbeu disappears.' ' Do tell me moro about it, I love to hear logonds,' aaid Kate. ' Well, onoe upon a timo— that i3 the way to begin a story, I believe— when many ol tho islanders here wero wreckers end pirates, thoy wrecked, robbed and burned a clip c.illod tbo Palantino. As a reminder of this dread ful deed tho burning phantom appears occa sionally, somo Bay to herald a death on tho island,' ' How interesting 1 And that vraB tho phantom that appeared just now 1 IIo.v I wish I had teci it I' u lid Kate. Excusing herself, Bhe ran to her room for a wrap and again nought tbo piazza, no-.v quito doicrted. Pcrahing herself on the rail «-(?, sho thought : l;I don't beiit.ve it was tho Palatine— I icii'i 'lelievo in !.ho phantom at all. Hut I BhEil rci'.eh hero, and perhap3 the illusion taB-i EjJKWr hgain. Of courso there ij no tbing oujr.rc;tural about a light at sea. llow foolijh 4fcc islicdera must he to beliuvo sudi a thiuu I' Philip B&j;'if,! did not tee Kate as ho and throo other BlspvM'l out on tho piazza a Jaw moments laier. ' 'Sbs hugged the pillar agclnsl wbi:h eho luixsj :';ry clo;sly, with the hopo thtiJ s&9 ElishS r-- f°r 0 portion of it. rot) cu tii.'i neat of terms with Phil ?&ytcn; jSSjL'.v jeea treating him badly, and pity if ho looked supremely indiu ' /her bewi'.chiug black eyes. ' U'o can enjoy our cigars down by the olioro, where we htiall bo more likely to aco tne ship if it appears a^ain.' It wa-j Pnilip who spoko, and the lour men C^eccuded the steps and hastened away. ' 1 will go too ; I uau i.v.iiy keep them in Sigh?, and even if I do not, there is tio'.hiug t;i hftrxi mo on this quiet island,' said Kulu t-S JlgrOO'£_&B.iiil;(l tttil'pcd do*'' lag no?, uutri.'d alter Ibo group. S'?':'. men walked very fust, nnfi Kate v;as f^ .dt to ctait into a run, in order to keep .iietu in bight, when she heard a heavy tread biihiud her. This was alarming ; but wortc was to cumo; before ehe had taken many mora bieps she lets hcibtli ei-izsd, and a large, coarse hand was firmly placed across her inoutl-, whilo a thick voice sounded closo in her ear. 'I havo you now, my fino lady! You would nut walk with me or oven Bpoak to mo when I huug round you by the beach. But I have you n p.w .' Too old Palatine out there has not abown up for uothing I Thero'B to be doatb on this island to-night— death, death 1' Kate's blood frozo in her veins. Sho tried vainly to struggle, but the strength of a giant held her faat, and tho pressure on her mouth was suffocating. Sao felt herodt hurried uleng by her captor. Presently, a', r. eafo distance from the ko'.el, the hand tvas with drawn and a handkerchief substituted, but befote it was tightly sccurcd a stifled, agonised soream osoapod ber. ' Keep atill I Yelling won't do no good. You'ro doomed— doomed — doomed I I wanted you for my bride, but now that oan never be. Tho old Bhip out there is a sign of death. The last timo it appeared my father died, ami tha timo before my grandfather. Now it is my turn, and you must go before me. I shall give you a fiery death, for you are a witob. You bavo bewitched me.' Kato did not faint in spite ot her terror. She recognised her oaptor as a hall crazed islander. Ho was known to her only as Amaziab— Ziah be waB moat frequently oalted. Ilia brain bad been ' cracked,' eo his neighbors said, by reading blood-curdling literatuie. He bad porsiBtently annoyed Kate during her daily rambleB, and ehe had always repelled him with unconcealed dis gust. A thousand appalling thoughts ooourred to the poor girl. That Bhe was in tho power of a madman she fully realisod. What was ho going to do with her I Would ho really burn her as he intimated? Oh, if she had not troubled herself about tho phantom ship I Surely tho old Palatine did portoud evil, and that to others bcaide the Blook Islanders. Where were Phil Dayton and hiB friends ? If Bbe oould only make him hear he would forget that she had been a silly trifler when he saw the terrible danger she was In. Ziah took her in his arms and with rapid stridea oarried her to a remote part of the shore, toward an old hut that stood almost ruined and quite alone. Entering it, he plaoed her on a rioketty benoh and with strong oords bound her feot and hands. Then bo laBhed her to the bench itself. Now, my darling, this shall bo your funeral pyre. In India tboy burn widows after their husbands die, but I choose to boo my lovo go boforo me.' lie gathered together all the loose materials In tbo hut, some papers, a little firewood, and an old stool whioh he broke up and plaoed under the benoh. Great drops ot perspiration were standing on Kato's forehead. She rolled her head from Bide to sido in agony. The rubbing ot tho handkorohief against the benoh loosened it, and beforo Ziah was awaro ot what his victim was doing, sho gave one loud, terrifio soream and thon another. Tho maniao sprang toward her. ' I oould knock you on the head and keep you still,' be said as he tightened the hand kerohief with oruel foroe, 'but I don't want to stun you. I want you to feel tha fire. It will purify your soul and mako you fit to join mo to-morrow. You will be burnt to a cinder before thoy miss you, nnd beforo day dawns I shall be dead too.' Kato tried again to loosen tho galling | handkerchief, but Ziah had dono his work woll, and Bho aould soream no more. Tho maniao lit a match, and, to Kato's in describable terror, applied it to tbo paper, whiab soon began to ignite tbo wood. In anothor instant her clothing wsuld catoh. Sbo gavo up all hopo ot life, and tried to frame in her heart tho prayor whioh ber poor, bound lips wsre wholly unabla to utter. But help was noar. At this very moment a terrible pounding resounded on the door, and almost immediately tho rotten old tim bers gavo way. Ziab sprang forward liko a.' wild beast, but tbreo athletio pairs of arms oaught him and held him last, whilo Philip Dayton kioked away the firo and out theoorda that so oruelly bound poor Kato. Then ^lio fainted, and l'bilip bora hor tendorly oqt' ol the burning hut, while his frionda bounf. tho madman and led him to a plaoo ot safety. All tbat nigbt Kata lay prostrated, but Whon ber rollioking brothor Ben oamo down on tho boat from Nowport next day iko was weli enough to liston to his oulogisms on Phil's bravery, not without a toll-tfle bluBb, however. J 'I thought you were going /a trip to C»n»4« t^week,' Hid fo bjh. 689 ' Oh, I chaii^- d a. \ f:.'ni,' ho unawerea 'Ycu teo JaoV: L. o- .??.?.iitcfic.no mora to makeup his yaih'.iLg party fr.r lv wport, and tho temptation was too great. IVe arrived thoro early tbii morning. By the way, w? wero soiling off here k.-t night. Did wo see tho Palatino? Oh, no ! I wish wo had, tan really, Kate, I think it is a sign of a wed ding from tho locks if things.' Ben sauntered toward tho door, and as ho went out without even a backward glance, he added : ' To think of our red fire creating each a sensation 1 0, guillible humanity 1 Super stition did not die with thu dark ageB.' 