Church of England, Kelso. On Sunday afternoon last the rite of confirmation was administered in Holy Trinity Church, by his Lordship Bishop Camidge, assisted by Ven. Archdeacon Campbell, to a large number of young persons, adherents of the church in the parish of Kelso. There was a very large congregation to witness the ceremony, the church being filled ; and the candidates numbered fifty— thirty-five females and fifteen males. The service throughout was very impressive. The candidates were seated in the fore most pews, and before administering the rite, the Bishop delivered a short address. Referring to the deep interest which centred in the occasion, he remarked that it was right and proper that the ceremony of confirmation should be confirmed. The rite of confirmation was distinctly scrip- tural and apostolic, and although the church did not hold it to be a Sacrament —of which they recognised only two, that of Baptism and the Lord's Supper — they looked upon it as very important. During the forty days our Lord spent on earth after His resurrection He instructed the apostles in many things concerning the government of His church, and there was every reason to suppose that He pressed, upon them the necessity of confirmation ; and thus they saw that when the large number of people who had been convinced under the preaching of Phillip and bap- tised, two of the apostles travelled all the way from Jerusalem to Samaria to lay hands upon them, after which they received the Holy Ghost. Paul also had gone to Ephesus to lay hands upon those who had been baptised by John, and they also received the Holy Ghost. Great stress was placed in the Hebrews upon the lay ing on of hands and even Calvin had been led to acknowledge that the rite of con firmation had come down from apostolic times. Then they found that the rite came down to them sanctioned by ancient authorities ; but it was upon Scriptural authority that the church principally de pended, teaching that nothing that could not be proved by scripture should be re- ceived as a doctrine or practised as a rite. One great advantage gained from this rite of confirmation was that it brought young people directly into association with the clergy — an association more important than was brought about in the regular church services or even at the Lord's table. Under the direct teaching which had been imparted the candidates present had come prepared to make open con- fession of their faith, and to openly declare that henceforth they would renounce the devil and all his work and devote them selves to the service of God. They should esteem this a privilege, and he trusted they would all apprehend the solemnity and importance of making this confession before the congregation and in the sight of God. He enjoined them to say the words as if they meant them, and having said they would endeavour by God's grace to carry out their vows to the end of their lives. The candidates were then catechised and confirmed, and after they had received the rite, the Bishop again ascended the pulpit and addressed the congregation. He warned the candidates of the serious obligations which they had taken upon themselves. Those who had heard them openly confess would watch their lives in the future and mark how they fulfilled the vows which they had taken upon them- selves. He enjoined them to let nothing rob them of the faith which they had vowed to keep. They would doubtless meet with people who would try to per- suade them that there was no reality in faith or heaven ; but if they yielded to their persuasion they would find at the last extremity, that they had nothing to lay hold of, for those persons who would blot God out of the universe gave them nothing in His place. They should hold to the grand doctrine of the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of Christ, who made atonement for r their. sins ; but they Tnustrremember that Christ would have died : in vain, so far ? as they were concerned, if they did-,, not avail themselves -: of his ' offer of'\ personal' salvation. He warned them riot, to rely upon the rite of confirmation merely, but to seek help from God in prayer. The preparation which r they,Jiad. received, shewed thenrthat confirmation was not an unmeaning rite,' but' in 'order 'that the* work commenced might be completed they must give- themselves to^constant, unceasing prayer,t~=*regular , * attendance upon the ordinances . of God's House^and.. diligent and prayerful study of God's^ -word. ' If. they would b'e saved they-musC 'work out their own salvation ; seeking-ih the home and Jn^the world to do some tHihg for- Him who had dons so much for them, and to whom they had that day consecrated thernselyes./U .ALL Amongst the candidates and the congre- gation were adherents of the church from all parts of the parish, and several Bath- urst residents were present. 