Evlctlnc a Cihost Almost crny ' town or villago has -its bauntcd hoaso, and tho cetllcmeni of Wanda, in India, .wis no exception. Htrs.a number of English ofllcora and their families ;l»vo during tho warmer months, returning to their rospeoUvo commands .later on. Tbe rumor that Oaptaio Beanohamp's hooso was hannied was circulated by' a servant. Ho was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noire. Tho - door-bell was ringing violently, and o-struggllng, writhing noise in tho wall of tho house— not in oho place, but in several at once, and then ho heard a long drawn sigh.- This was tbo last feather. Ho rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that tho place was haunted, Tbe notoriety eo shcaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable, blatters stood In this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached tbo haunted houso. As there woro a nambor of children in tbo family tbe performers were invited into tho grounds and gave on entertainment. Finally, onoof tho men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in tho top, and seat ing himself uonr it began to play a quaint nir upon a flute.rAfter industriously playlDg for a few momenTs -up through tbo nolo in tho basket oamo tbo head of tho oob'io, and when twelvo or fifteen inches abovo tho baskotit began to woto to and fro as if in obedience to tbo mcasuro of tbo music. After the snake danoe— or the enako " charming," as Europeans aro wont to oall it— tho IndUo snako-oharmcr walked around tbe house, and among the buibos pointed out a hole which might havo been made by a rabbit. To ooe of tbe natives ho raid he would take out a cobra whioh bo thought was in tbo hols. Heating himself before tbo hole the magloian began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes bo kept op tho noise, and then from the opening (hero appeared tho ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this befog directly at tho bao of tbo wall of the bousr. Tho msn examined ft a few moments carefully, then btgou to play upon tbo fluto. Hardly had too group , gathered about the performer beforo a moat remarkable noise camo from tho houio. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of eorao great body'striking Ibo wall and rub bing against tho timboro. Dust in olouda came from thohole, and tho " cbansor" started book in terror, overturn ing tbo man behind him. Hecovcriug him self, ho daitod aft fthe hole and. thrusting his arm io, drow out, not a cobra, baft tho tail of a largo snake. Astonishment wai depleted on tbo native's faeo and horror on those of many of the speotators, as be stood holding the tip of tho tail, and fivo feet of tho body was visible. For a second tho man hesitated, then regaining his courage ho shouted in Qiodustaocofor tho lopkors-on to stand back,, and, taking a good grip upon tho tail, ho pulled gradually backward. Ouft it oame, foot by foot, inob by inch, five, too, fiftoen, aixtoon fcot — eighteen,, wan (hero no. end?— oigktccn foot of qnivering sniiko-fleeh as large as aman's tblgb. 'A quick jerk and tbo entire monster was alcar— at /least twenty' feet in length— big . hough to swallow, o dcor and yet held by. a single man. .Tho native was, hbwover,.not in tho'least -dis couragcd. Ho clung , to tho tail and as the hugo : reptile, turned toward him .with an angry hiss ho gavoit.a swinging motion by turning elowly. Gradually bo iooroneed bis speed, turning faster hnd faster,: until 'ho seemed tho oentro of a wheel, tho spokes of whioh were the body of the python. . Ho rapid was. tho motion, that tho snake's body; waa perfeotly straight, and it was evident that as long as tho motion eould be kept op the man was safe, but, if- the monster eould reach him ho would in a moment beorusbed In the horrible folds of tho xeptUo; It soon boeamo apparent tbat tho obarmer knew what.be was about. Not faffrom tho house stood a stout flag-Btofl a- foot and a half through,' o! solid teakwood, and toward this ho was gradually moving, whiiiing tbo snake faster and faster. When ho was within twenty five fcot of it, it dawned upoo tbo fow apeotators what bo was about to do. ' This; was to strlko tho bead .of tho reptifo against tho polo. Nearer ho oorno, whirling foster and faster, until the reptile stood but lik'b a v/hlp'lasb, and tben,<with -a quiok step for ward; ho brought tho head of tho animal against the wood with a oruBhlng .Bpun'd,' Ho :releasod his hold, and tho' great -reptile doubled' up iu ooDvulsivo: folds, digging up tbo earth and sending blonds' of Gust into tbo air, finally dropping limp : and lifeleea to tho ground, One thing was evident, that there wee tbo M ghost." 