Mr. Mantalini was wont to subdue his too devoted partner by calling up before her vision how he would look as, "a dem'd damp moist unpleasant body 1" But the Thakoor of the Rajputana monastery has hit upon a still more sensational mode of intimidat ing the English political agent when he tried recently to enforce the payment ;'of some village taxes. The Thakoor or Abbot having been arrested for non payment, a hundred of the brethren rushed violently irto the agent's com pound; and not only declared that they would kill themselves if their venerated chief were not at once released, but actually made the most business-like preparations for self immolation by burial alive there and then! Four graves were dug, and in each yawning tomb a priest sat himself down, all ready and prepared for the earth to be shovelled-in upon him immediately, if the Englishman refused to release his prisoner. The agent's heart failed him at the idea thus visibly presented of having his compound turned into a cemetery for native priests, and he released the Abbot before any more graves could be dug. This was a few months ago, and the other day it be came necessary' to renew the levy of the tax, and'the same little drama was renewed over again. This time, how ever, the British Resident was as stony-hearted as good Mrs. Mantalini herself grew, after her scapegrace hus band had ruined her; and when what may be called " the blackburying season" had duly set in, the officials interfered forcibly. The self-devoted priests fought with knives and daggers for the privilege of being earthed- in, but they were eventually overpowered 'and sentenced to various terms of imprisonment, ,the Abbot getting three years. A' new wrinkle for drawing custom' in New York is the keeping open of dental establishments all night for the special accommodation' of those who have to work all'day and cannot afford to lose time by spending it in a dentist's chair. The idea is a practical success. The first week shows a patronage almost if not quite as large as during' the day. Operators say that the quiet of the streets by night has a soothing effect on the nerves, which are not so sensitive to pain as when tensely strung by day and by the excitement of daylight sur roundings. A story is related on the Continent concerning the trousseau of the.Princess Beatrice, who ordered that on all her household linen, instead of the tradi tional monogram and coronet,, suitable proverbs and sayings out of the Bible should be embroidered. Butin the course of the work a difficulty aroue: the articles being very numerous, sufficient and'suitable Biblical sayings could not befound. The Princess was applied to, but still the *number ran short; so she in her turn asked her liobe Heinrich to write some suitable sentences, but in the Latin ftongue. The Prince seemed anxious to satisfy his beloved Princess, and sooni sent her in a number, which were rapidly embroidered by deft fingers in blue and red on the delicate linen. But Snow the Princess, wishing to translate I the same, has discovered with surprise and pain the deception of liebe Hein richj and thliatinetead of sacred verses they were the' commencemeit of.love songs much in use among German students. This jest. has much amused everyone. At first the Princess was very angry, but finished by being amused at what she styled the wit of her dear 'Henry. Her Most Gracious : Mother and Queen was duly incensed by, her son-in-law's naughtiness, and the ruffled plumage' required a great deal -f stroking down before she could forgive or forget h'is jeu d'esprit. A more curious ending to a law suit than the following is seldom heard of. The wife of'a well-known man about town suspecting that her husband was not quite all that he should be, had him watched, with the result that she went one fine morning to her solicitor, and instructed him to commence pro ceedings' on. her behalf for a divorce. In due time the petition wias put on the file, the citition issued and served, and the case was down on the list to Sbe heard very soon after the vacation. A few days ago, agitated and excited, the lady called again on her legal re presentative, and, amidst tears and sobs requested him at' once. to stop proceedings. ' "Certainly, madam, cer tainly. Am I to. congratulate you thien on a reconciliation ?"' " Oh dear no!" responded the fair client; "no thing of the kind. Dear James was killed the other day in a railway acci dent, and now I want you to commence an action against the company for damages i! "I told you so" is so often a woman's exclamation, even before she has heard a story half out, that not unfrequently she lets 'herself in for a very decided snub. Wives are, as a rule, very much given to this sort of thing, and one impatient spouse recently thus came to grief, in a manner which served, her right. Her husband had been ailing, and after much persuasion :consented ,to have the doctor called in. He. came, diagnosed his patient; and then for a few moments sat,. as doctors do, looking very wise, or trying to do so.? Turning to the invalid, he some what suddenly said. "Do you smoke cigarettes I" "There," exclaimed the jubilant wife, " I told you so; I knew all along it was through that nasty to bacco you were ill. I hope now you'll leave off smoking. I'm quite sure it disagrees with you, and I'm so glad we called in the doctor." Thereupon the patient began to make his excuses, and murmured something about not consuming more than one or two boxes a day, but concluded by asking the doctor whether he thought he was suffering from the "tobacco heart." " Tobacco heart, indeed," hastily chimea in the wife; " no, it's not come to that yet, I hope, but it soon will. And it is evident the doctor thinks so; else why should he ask you about your smoking 4" " Ah, why indeed l" replied the down-trodden husband. "But perhaps he'll tell us." " Well," quietly remarked the physi cian, "fact is, I smelt tobacco when I came into the room, and thought I should like to have a quiet smoke with you myself." Instantly there was a young whirlwind in the room; then the door was loudly .banged, and the two men enjoyed a calmi and blissful half hour of smoke and sociability I But what about bed-time ? A Tery ancient perfumery establish ment in Paris preserves religiously among its archives a venerable. set. of "books" in which are recorded the .orders executed and the payments received from Royalty and aristocracy during the last half of the eighteenth century. As may be supposed, the entries in these volumes are a page from history, and of the most amusing kind. The aged tomes are a curiosity per se ; they are bound in pale red calf ; and on the fly leaf of each figures the following ,inscription : "In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost ! May God prosper our labours !" French and English per fumers alike would stare if anyone proposed to them thus to preface their account with an appeal to the blessing of the Sacred Trinity; but such was the custom of the. ages before the Revolution, and perfumers saw no incongruity in thus heading their list of purchasers of rouges and unguents, perfumes, and cosmetics, many of whom were very frisky ladies indeed, who bought such articles with no more correct motives than those of the Queen of old who "painted her face," &c.;, to fascinate Jehu. Kor was their fate, poor souls, much better than that of Jezebel; for these books contain many a name that was afterwards called as the victims passed out to the tumbril, and whose owner made a .brave but ghastly end at the guillotine. The Princess de Lamballe herself figures in their pages; she was very particular about her perfumes, and ordered any amount of "pommade au citron." The King and Queen are among the customers, too; Louis XVI. liked amber and orange flowers, but brilliant Mary Antoinette preferred extracts of roses and musk, and scents of the kind at. once pungent and delicate. .- - Princess Victoria of Germany, the .prettiest of the Empress. Frederick's daughters, who is engaged to marry Prince Adolf of Schaumburg-Lippe, is a clever and accomplished young lady, boasting proficiency in many branches of sport and art not commonly associ ated with Royal blood, least of all when it flows in feminine veins. She is not only a capital horsewoman, but a clever whip as well, and handles a four-in hand with consummate skill. To a proficiency as a pianist she adds a mastery of the banjo which would not disgrace a music-hall performer. When is added to this varied list of talents the personal graces of the young Princess, who is a pretty blonde, full of spirits and animation, it will be seen that the Prince is an unusually lucky fellow. A very little food goes a long way with a giraffe. 