THE HAUNTED HUSBAND oI:, Lady Clictwynid's Spectcre. IY 3?I. IIHARRIET LEWIS. I CIIAPTER XXIV.--(Conrn UED.) lfe then rapidly skletched his visit to St. Kilda; his falling in love with Bernice. 0 their marriage, her death, and her repeated appearance to him since her burial. At the conclusion of the narrative. Chetwmntl 1 breathed heavily, his face ghastly pale, his 1I blue eyes wild and strange in their eager I wistfulness and yearning. "A strange illusion," said ,isset placidly. "I heard tof man once who fancied himself a tea-kettle, and was only cured of the de. losion by being placed upon a hot stove. .\nwl you, my lord, believe yonrself to be haunted 1 The delusion is not niprece dented. A thoosand meltn have d-need themselvea haunted. By the by. tie Miss Monk you mention is your lordship's be trrothled rife, is shle not '" " Yes. We areto be married next month," replied Chetwynd, gloomily. " It is desirable, tlyon, "that, yoo shluhl rid your mind of this singular deloosin as early as possible," ren:iked p issel, qu:ietly. t "Youl have not heard all. You think me a monomaniac, I see ; bot listen. When myo wife last appeared to nme-the night before last-I pulsuee1 hter. I hounded after her down the ,logn nisles of thei con. servatery; I grasped at her; I caught her slecve--" Al " Ah" brealthed Bisse. "And I tore froms it thoi lit ,f lace. a real tanngible proof that the carments at least were not speciral. Look 1" oCheLwynd tork frnm his pocket a tiny packet, which, being ondone, was found to eonsist ofn yellow, wrinkled, :tnd tern scrap of oll lpoint lac;. lisset and Tempest examned tl he lace with eager curiosity. " This pIlls a noew vrioTew upon the miller, my lord," said the detective, l),ekin? no t longer in n h:awl, buit in a o.itok. toiness voice. " Tour spellrr os a livin:g womSan. 1oev was I e diressrd ?" " In her butil roh-s-a loseg, 'ewhlte silk gown, cut rqtoare nt. the ;trek. with ftills of laoe like that toin.o her fair bos-o. ard with sleeves cat lf at. the elbows and od.led with lace. Shle has always antpear:d.to 'me I ill thle sam dress.' "l Itmt !" said tMr. I?lis-t. " lIfnn itone else ecen this white.robed .ncecl besides 0 yourself, y lord 7" " Miss Monk saw her, oorl helievel her a ghost. No one else. saw Ihr. Shie com.,-s aunI goes like a shatlow. I believe her to iut a livin g roman. Ilot who is she? lIhst1 that I know Bernice to toe dadl-- What is this mystery, Mr. BIisset? I have sent for ,ooo to probe it." "I1 should say, at first glance," said the ollicer, " that some yorutg womlan was tralde itg upon her resemblance to the late La,:y Clhetwylnd. liere is no loitt, of ceorse, that lady Chetwynr!u is deadt?" "' She died inl my arms. awl lay for six days in ily hloose nt:lburicd, and l then con- i signed her to the Ihetwynd ifamily vault in I theChetwiynl risti eichurech,"d'elared hisn Irdhlip, solemnlny. " And yetl. iMr. Bisset, I can swear that that serca: of late came from my wife's burial ri,e. The pattern is IperCliar," you will observe." " lhtl lay Clhrtwvynl muchl of this lace nmonmz her effeects ?"' asked ltI-set. "Nnet of that pattern exicrpt rupon the dress in wlhiclh stie was Iurivdl. Thie goiwn was nmade for her ill Londttonl,." "\ We'll look into the matter of this lace, my lord. " Whoever is counterfeiting, the dleaI Lady Chetwynil is dloirng. so. skilllly, without regard to trouble or expense, and consequently with an object. What that object is we must determine. Do yerni know •of anybody who is averse to your marriage withi Miss Monk 1" "I do not. My marriage with her is re carded as matter of course," replied Lord Chetwynd. " I :-as engaged to marry lher years ago, buot shie broke the engagement ment just before I went away on the cruise that resulted in my marriage to Biernice. 3ly wife, in dying, urged nme to marry atain ; and since my rettrn,althoug Illi have not ceased in my lore and fidelity to the dead, I have renewed my former engage wnent with Miss Monk." "lfum !" ERid iMr. Biisset ; and somehow lie uttered the simple rjaculatioul in at tmnner that marnie it pregnant with mean ing. ` You tulllst not deem me over Iations, my lordtl, but as you have desired w:e to naiist in the solLtion of the mystery - ot Lady Chetwrynola spectre, I mast ask you to be perfectly frank wilth me, andt to give I me considerable information that will seem, : Ilthaps, to have no bearing upon tile matter in question. I must know every member of your household, servants and all. To begin with the chief lersonage next to your self, my lord; who is iMiss Monk 1" The marquis fancied that the oflicer's questions were growing intrusive, and lie replied, coldly: "She is my step-sister andl promised wife. She is tthe daughter of my mother's second husband, Colonel Monk." " Born in India, omy lord 1" The marequis bowed with a suspie;on of hatughtiness. " lAnd her brother is here, also, my lord I" "lie is, at present. He is reading law with Scotsby & Newman, of CUancery Lane. "Hem I I know Scotsby & Newman," said Mr. Bisset, coolly. "Eacellent firm. .So Mr. Gilbert Monk is reading law with them? Thanks, my lord. And Mr. Monk, di I suppose, was also born in lndia. I have se a partiality for India and India people. 1 hi was born in India, my faither Iein an re officer of tile East India Cmpannv. I wass w? out there during my first ten ycars, and I've fe been bock since atotaning moy mian- at hood. I suppose 1 know as muoi of a! India and the natives as any men of my age living. " The carriage rolled on through the vil- b lage and up the bill beyond, entering the shadows of the park, and soon reached tihe houeoe. The young marquis condlucted lis ert, lt Mr. Temlpest, and tin detective, Mr. illssl, ft to the library. Here his lor.:ship, at l:isset's t requctt, recapitialatcd the story of Lady Chletwvnd's spenclre and the facrts connectetd with ith its repeated appearances, sulmhiltig Is C be cross exantined even It the ulilt:eet de- tI tails. The dauiy-lil;e llicer diroppl, hlis a little affeelalions of eyc-;.lass ail drawl, sl and listened with a keen intlcreot, url e?- s' hiitied a coo j e a co!, j t a elar : r- ci ception, an:d an acuelless and s!lewllidness that ratLsed Lord Cl!etwyiul to revoke his hi ear!:er lopinion of hi.m, and to resl.cct anti have f::tllh in hitn. "I alt to pass a: yroar gevst, my Iord, k equally wi'h youar acttual iest. lIr. Te'l. e pest," sail tli:. slicer, when Cletwvnd had i given all the informalion inll h;i power. I '-laow many people in your house, my lord, d know me in my true character ?" "Only Miiss ?[onk, Mr. Motnk, Mr. Tem- al pest, andti mysel," was the r sponse. " The it housekeeper, litler andi under s rvants, of b course, are in ignorance of outr business it here, o[f yor name, even. They hane been vi told that I expect a guest." t "Yet I wish that even liss onk and ci Mr. Monlk lnew mne only as your guest," bI said the oflicer. "'Men of n;i profession like to work in secret. Most ladies have a 1 maid or confidential attendant to e.iho, t. i they impart a ;goad share of their socrets, i anld tihese maids are sieves, for the most part. lBut o return to business. Will you T take me to your conservatory, drawing.- i rotn, and mulsic-roami, iand point out the exact spots at which the spectre-we will C call your visitor a spectre for tile present, my lold-nppeared to your lordshipi?" t Chetewynd assented, andti asked Tempest if v le would accompany them. c "If you pilease," said tile great explorer. tl IIo l:a Tempest and the ollicer to the w drawing and nmusic rooms, and pointed out v the spots where lIernice had iirst antd last appeared--how sie had escaped the pursuit, s running down the aisle of tihe coEsetreatory, and out at the open door. Mr. lisset V went over the ground carefully, and then said: 0 " My lord, I will undertake the sobltion of this mystery, but I desire you to leave I the whole matter in my I ands. Permit me to cole aind go about the I:tnse at will, to c question ?eltr servanl: , andti Iave a night- t hey to one iof youllr oulter dotor-, and to colm port myself in all respects as a rarely privileg-d guest, or as a melmber of your family." " Your mnay n: .tle you!r own teroas, Mr. Gisset," said the nlarq:ui. " I resign the I manngement of the matter into yout His lordship showed his gisust.s their nomns, and a little later luncheon was a;in:to ced. i. Mis onik did not appear at table, buit Gilbert came in. boyisl: of aspect, with ajovial smile on his swarthy face, and a great affeictation of light hcarledei.ss in his cantiner. biwetnwynd intro'II:ed his step-brother to his distingui-hed gliuest, andl to the de htcive olliter; Monk greeted them cour Icously. Mir. Bi:st had rcaumteo his drawl and tile use of hi.s eye ilas- . h11 a:!pptaredl to Monk a mote dandy, whit c skill in hi; profession vwas a latter of tluo:bt, and .Mink conceived a great contempt, far him. " or cotrse, Mr. liFevl," said .aI?nlk, at tan rlrly ipase ill theo emvclsaticn, speaking with a li.dht tinge of superirity in h is manner. ns to a sesn l inf'rior, ".sou have heard all abatit Ln-ay Chetayid't s ptetree? You are the gentimaninl ftril Scotlandl lard I take it, as Mr. Temtuis,l is well known to everyhody, by name ai t least, as the creat traveller and expilorcr. Chet'vynd Park, nlu,,tiullh nile of the grntdiist rtdisincs in IttIland. hats ihith?cr: s acrked Itlat crosniittain elartn-an alt helttl.ti ghFot. Time dileiienet; appears to Is etSpplied at last, and the lPark may fairly be said to be hulnted I ' The flipi'pncy of tllhi addrrc, anti tie i-ff. hand illus- ion t L'iy Ch:ctwyrd, whikse name the mtlutit;s rolh notd yet hear witth lit pain, surprized iand disgastcd :Mik's lisLtnurs. lie l an'l meant to seem :ry'ish altd thiu::h!F le, but lie had in reality appeared cnarsen : in heartless. h" I'.-rlt°'ho tt can i gie m omeni l informa. tion. MIr. ," said the detecti e jttiet:y. '-Lrl CihitOtynd tlt l!s rne tItL yon were ,a:din in,. li te h way i. Ithse conservatry lo,,.tit oat upon the ,arden upont thlte list nighl;t of the spectre's alpearance, M"r. b-lnk, and yet you say ycu saw nothing of her." " Nothing, whalever." .Test then the butler opened the door, and came in with a. yelow cenvelaope upcln ile alver, whli hlie presentled to Mr. Montk, saying, apologetically : "A telegram, sir, whicli a mounnllte mes sene r has jlsnt brought over from E]aet bourne, and says is to be delivered, imme di'te, sir." Monk l to)k up the envelope and tore it open. it wan dlated at LnalTon that very morn in -', an'i hti1 been deliverel with comnimend abla promptness. It was brief, containing " The runsaway eliti t hIn turned uip. iNo iarm thas been ti;le. All is well. lihe cilient will be hell untlil yi v,?ne. Yon can lake your own time. 'Ie client not being well, Ecanttt lie remotved al-!er a weelk, aind in thie nmeatitme you caln feel assured that all is safe. " SCOT.ItY & SN:eWa.i.'. MtIonkl readi the nIsSage hn'iee. It was front Fl::ck, hisi Irlsted eonfedlerate. as lie ciwell Inr.ew. Tie form t :f the nes=agoe e had itisei daictated bf,,relhand, in view of this \- nitOCegeicy. lit coilttCLrehendeltd is llealning, I: lierie was safe ill the hlands of Flhek asd rMrs. Crol. L An evil jay and exultaitin flamed tpi : into hIis swarthy face, ntd an evil grlcnam lighted ip his small, b!anc eyes. 8Sit! SSafe! lie cull defy ol l.sigee anli her ihatreltd of Lsy Chitwylnd niw. eI could Sdaft Ili:set ntit! all .S'ot;nnI Yard. Metnice anid hIis street wetre stilt: I I C(,,tliing hisselIf ity ::n Ceffrt, lhe said to i "Ther-'s no anrscer. IIere's a halt sorer'igril for the nessengelr. Senld hlin to \- thi: Clctwyvndt inn to bailt hirs hltrs, atni tell I Ititi to save tihe bill charged to me. TIlat's Slie gae hile butler a gholt piece, andi tlnt c f.nTctihnary dolarecl. Then for the third timte nMonk read has letter exultantly. Me r loked iiup at last with a sense of uineasiness, I to lintd issett looking carelessly towardl i JHave you good news, Gilbert ?" asked I Lord Clhetwynd. a Excellenti newsn, my lmrl. It's a tele a gram from Scotsby & Newman, and on business, too. It announces simply that a . little s.ptcilation I entered into a twhill d since ias Itrted out a success. And of course L'm rejjiced. One so impeeunious as i am can afford to laugh even at small sue MIionk crumpled up his telegram, thrust it y in ris ltckct, and thenI gave himself ip to a few miinutes' mditation. Hie did ntt deem it wise to preceed im y mcdiately to London. lie dsitrid to wtnch the movlt mcentis of thie detccirve -licer, anoi io divert him, if i osnible, from any slproach , to the tluth. lie feared tlhat his tlparture h on the very day of Bisset's arrival might draw the attention of the olfficer upon him- " self. As lBernice was safe in the hands of j sell his allies, and not well enough to be yet removed to Mohe.wr Castle, he could affaid to cg, wait a week before going on to see her. lie the felt it necessary to communicate with Flack silo anti Mrs. Crowl immediately, andassecretly tut as possible, ri Accordingly, directly after tuncheon, he Ch went to his own room to write a letter to vic his confederates. Btt lBisset excused hi.?s.:f, and wandered do; away by himself. prC Lorl Cihetwvynd ordered out, a p.ir of La t iorouehbreds, and with Tempest went out of for a swift gallop through the lpak and over cle the cetalte. eo SameC two hours afterward Ocvtwvndi ando hir tempest rode slowly through the village etc St Cietwynt.-b.Sena, and t scendled the hill for that kid to the park. In advance of them a Iph aleodler, cettlemanly iguore was walking Ch slowly, twirling in ore gloved hand a for small erte, or waiting-slicl;, and smokting a I cigar. ilut 1-1t is F. 'set," said Temttpest. " Heu's fl been do: .r. ,: the village." pIc " What can Ihe hlope to diseover by a visit ait the village inn ?" said Chletwynd. "He drl tknows his own businss, I supposeo, how- M,. ever. I fauey that fOplpishness of his is a Ile eask hIc likes to wear because his real fia' nature, which he hides beneath it, is so tiv dilfferent." an At this moment Bisset, who was still in atdl advance of the riders, paused rt the sm-ll fie lower gate of the park, and looked in. Gi:, in bert lMonk was in the very neact of opening the gate, havisit a letter in his ihand, of which hie was conveyiog to Chetwyn'l yo himself, instead of intrusting it, as was po customary, to the butler and the post- mtt bag. he B?isset stepped back, raising his hat to Monk, wto thrust his letter in his pocket ini and eame out, securing ito gate behind ne him. ad At this juncture Lord Chetwynd and Mr. on Tempest came up, and reined in their th: horses. Ia "I seeo that vou have been over to sit Chetwynil, Mr. Bisset," said the marquis. de "I fear I did not make it plain to you that the mystlery of the spectre is known to but a cole very few, and no one outside the Park, ex- Ilt ceptintg Doctor lHartright, of lIastbourne, the Chetwynd rector, and my bailill. You see won't get any light upon the matter in the or village." "I beg leave to differ with your lord ship," said Ilisset, respectfully. "I have he obtained light upon the rayvtety even io the vilage:." gI The three gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. cc ' I'm afraid you've permitted yourself to be imposed upon, sir," said Monk, yr with a ineer. " You would slo better to sa concentrat yourattentiens upon tihe house maids." dt Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. lie a raised his lhant, and moving aside out of be Mioul.'s path, passed on. Mink went Ihis t way toward the village, and Chetwynd to and Tempest cantered on toward the it lerk. CThero was a strange smile on the Dun- so dreary face of the detective offlicer as he daintily pticked his way, and proceeded a slowly in the direction the tmaiptis and the rexplorer had gone. " flow ,r. Monek does despise me, to ihe tl: 0sure," li said to himself. " lIe thinks me of a fop cf the firsct water, a re!?oar swell, you it know. lBut about this myll steryrv-my isn- I r ten st in it crows upon me. I have not lust tl timei sincee I came; of that I'm cerla'n. An-l I think I've gained somcthing like a clue la that will lead :oe to stuccess. Tom lisset a eisn't int his dotage yet." Whleistlinz softly to himself, lie passed in w Sat the lodge gates and sauntered slowly i n the avenue towar1t the mansion. Mies Monk i was walting to and fro oni the marble terrace, as was her daily cusetom. Bisset reuspecteld her identily at once, and ste'pping t back into a deeper shal sow caused by the t tree she stopped to regard er. q ? ft CHIIAPTER XXV, ti n A VEXATIOUS INTRUDER°. S Entirely unconscints of tile keen regards e of the detective officer, Miss Monk con tineed to walk to ani fro upon the marble T terraec, in the sal:tov cast by the great h house. Miss Mounk was not happy. A haunting ii sdread brolded r:pen her soil by night and 1i day. Never for one moment did she feet l Ssale. And now her disiquiet was increasedi b by thouehts of tlhe new arrivals at Ohet. wvynd Park. and more particularly of the detective rilleer. "If it were not that Bernice lives andt is v v at the Pai't--where else can she le?-1 Scould defy even him," shie thoulght. " oes n ;lhilhlcrt mean il let is dletiective spy out a til soecret and Laily Chr.twynd's identily? SI suppoise he is not soil ito dine at a centle maun's tale, and I shtall fairly ldarzle htim t with mny libeauty and splendor. I think I I. d may as will ibe civil to tihe fellow, although t ' 1 wonder at Iloys democratie way in treat- s i eg him as a guest. I should like to meet the fellow before dinner, and before this s t. great explorer, Tempest, appears, to claim tny chief attention." o, tuine, as uisual,seemned inclined to favor 3h.fs .Moak. The ildetelive officer, having shdiedl the 1i lady from afar suilliienitly, inow enmereged l . from the shadoiv of the avetnue limes and I i appreoached thie terrace at an easy, sainter- n g inug pace, swinging his light. go?l.mounled Ii wcalkin;t stick in one gloeed hand, an I twirling tie curled ends of his scented moustaehel in ithe other. lIe wore his gold- t te framed eyeglasses, his tall silk lhat, a dainty SI.le searf with a huge diamiond glittering Sulon it liel: a rain drop in the sunshine, and y Lis fashionably made garments were worn b t with the air of a Ite,_entstrect "swell." s This the deleelive I Miss Monk knew in- y stinctively that hie was the detective, and pl unot Mr. Temnoest or a chance visitor5 Sanoe her lips coiled in a contempt as strong it and keen as Gilbert Monk entertained for ahim.0 "tne a detective!" she salel to herself. "lie's a doll--a mere figurehead, in love witsl himself. Or he's an amsateur, sent to try his hattd here and to learn his husiness. sA cld could hoodwink him !" S:ill with that contemptoeos smile on s her face, Miss Monk continued her slow I walk. 4 Mr. Bisset came ttp, meeting her squarely, I asn se rested her steps, while Ito raisaedt o lis hat, anti made her a Chesterlieldian I bow. "I have the pleasure and hlenr of .Cl. dressing Miss Monk, I believe," said the sdetective, in his essrtly manner, with a fashiinable drawl. Miss Monk drew hIerself up super at eilioasly, and eyed him with a haughty olstare. to ' om Miss Monk," site said, coldly. "You have the advastageof mesir. I do rd not know who yon are." Mr. Disset appeared in no way abashed at ii this repulse. He hastened to say, suavely " I am Mir. tleset, Lord .Chetwynd's e.ghste. Miss Muttk.' S Tise iolieeman t said the lady. "lAh a I suppose I should hsve said, the detective. 1sr t'm sese I beg sour pardon. You detectives of ire the aristocrats of the pollee force, as I asunderstand it. iNo one would take yon for g. a deteelive, Mr. lissot," she added, more graciously. "You look like a gentleman." it "I am a ecstleman, both by bihtlh and ta breeding, Miss Monk," said tise -oefer, qoietlv; ' bet, unfortunately, mnoney does at- notn always accompany gentle tlood. It ci ieeane neceseary for toe to support msyself, ti ud I chose my present prt fession from eh sheer love of it. Nature isstended mn for re esy praseni plae, and I lind a great delight ht in it." " Still, you must now and then fiul your. L self ballled," said Mrs. Monk, graciously, reqi yet considering the olficer nl insufferable sers egotist. "I suppose, now, Mr. Bisset-is wai that ti m name?-that in all your lrofes- an:l sional experience you were never called app upon in a case similar to thisl Until the ter rigbht before last we have believed Lord mir Cheltwynd to be a hypochondriact-the gat victim of a preposteroun."l:Slion ordelusion. Cite inot now, of course, we know him to be the S dopeor prey of some designing woman, who the presumes upon hI: resemblance to the late yarn Lady Ci:etwynel to play spectre. The errps too of lace torn from the woman's sleeve ;ho(st on cleanrly thlat it is no ispctre, tbut an actual tIre, woman. Sheo may have p lrprsely allowed ore hiei to catch her sleeve tte other righlt. vIsi She may intenld to stfler him to clssa her ebo form next time. I'eop!e wolk out ih:ir the p!Ins by slrntrng ways cnmetitnes. And cit Chetwynd e Pak is a grand prize to wort vtil for.":rte And Miss Monk's ,aze turned toward of the hottst, anttd srwep. (c.vr tie park: and itu 3rhls and farms spre;.d bcfore her like a fae ,'.eturc, girl "It is inketd a glotioss prize,"sail tihe ful detective, but h's gaze dwelt upon l Miss Ily MuLrnk, an!d not upon the scene around hint. ila l!e wan regarding her e ith singular and my ilatteritr: intent.ess. She tturned her hal- hot averted frce with the swifitnes of a serpent, tea and as silently, anti sit met the full, a t tdmniting gaze of air. Diset fixed Ouion her. far liHe did not give Ilhr time to spteak, Eaying, lag in his drawling voice: out " As you are so interested in the discovery wa of this mock spectre. Miss h:otnk, I 1:now lis you will lend me all assistance in your power in my searchn for her. Can you give slit me an accurate descriotion of herself antd far her dtress?" sea "I must refer you to .ord Clhetwynd for bai information int those points, sir. I Ihave never see the wotmant," asserted Miss Mtttrk, ma adhering to her origin:al denial, nd s ithl shit out suspicion tihat her brother had di! :ared cot that she had secn tSile etippolsed spectre, but di had feared to own to the fact., lest she nct shoihl strengthen Lord Clhetewynd's suipposed Il delusion. Mr. Ilisset's careless eyes began to fre concentrate their gaze upon the young pe lady. "Pardon me," lie said; "but did you not sai see the stlpnosedt spectre, either on it's first or last napearance7" ott Miss Monk replied in the nr,:ative. "lunt Mr. Monk says you did see her," roe he rellied, coolly. ph Sylvia's face darkened, and a savage gat glitter brightened ier eyes. ith " Did he say that 7" she asked,in a hissing ha rolce. W. "He did. tl e tiol, Lord Chretwynd that na;. yot had tseen the spectre on each ote'asiln," wi said the detective, coolly. The savage oo!: on Misis Monl:'s face lo deepened. She crested her Ilsa,: iic' :t lit e g a ser;:ctt about to dart upon its prey. Hler breath came quick andl hard. Ier suspicion as that Gillt fitertwas playingr against her seemed d to receive a.ldititnal cottirmatitn. For tile ttmnent shes h:lted her broteher with ade:adlv lic hatred, such a:s must hare once filled the I soul of the fitst murderer. qs Site shivered alittle, drew her cloak clar Y around her, and re.tsumed hter slow walik, Mr. Lr lissect tkepl n paet beside her. ao: They asin taern but a turn or two when we the old East Indian woman Ilx"ee came out it of the I: u'e and strided swiftly toward w r them, with an Inltian scarf thrown across fe her ar:m. Mr. llisset watched her approacsh through his eye-glass. rc " An odld ptlst;n to find in prosanit Snlg land, Miss Monk.," Ite said. 'She looks like St a ttaure out c thie Arabian t igttil." 'i She is only my old ayah, whom T brouglt Si I with me fromn Indi.t," said the you(ng lady. In "Site nursed nme in mly infancy, and is tie- cl voted to ime." r lagece came up at this juncture and pro sented the scarf to her mistress, beteLing her to throw it over her h ead, le:t she should take cold. Sylvia complied with fite rc- a' qu:est. The ililion woman cast adistrest. P ful r:lance at the detective onicer, and saidt, in a low voice, in the llindosianee e: tonset: ti "Beware. Missy. The ibutler htl t just toldoin me that lthis is the detective. T mneannex- I cttse to rome nnit warer you. is :s-ill iry to warm outof yos contir:lieory satin'gs.S I ti like him not. 114 is not withat !e seems. I s am ainid of hiilt." i Mi.ss Munk lantthid, ntl thle liideo wo man e Srelltanotly retiredl. There was oa clrot!ti on t iher deshy brow. nu n at nxilt:rs !ook in her e eyes, ns she retreatred to the natuse. Some .i intstinct wsearned her ithat this fair, foppish i little fellow. with his affctations, his rtye- i S lass, nrd hiis drawling :lccent, was mree to S d be fPared Ihan any othler. " My anra is a got,l o!tl soel," said Mlis s S M. n:st: it; lnt.lish, adritrssing Mir. lris-et, ft "but sithe sos itn think ne a d,-licale ir. Svalid ttI, r't ie cnse? e l conttinvaily. She 1 spek:l little Englishi. Lbt :usatlly wi rasses ti s nme in her ownl to:ller. Tlh, Ilindrisanee is o t as sweet and mellillt:ous as lraocted ire.e. 7 All sie had to say to me W.as tthat I Isot s g- gard against this inliliots sea breeze, and i to remind me of ant illtessit once catsei nmt, ti bI It you heard how the words rolled off her it tonglte in music. All, ite llindostantee is a c- sweet to say cars. Its words were te e first t my haby tonrgte iisperl, and I suppose I i is shall speak it last of all.:' SShe sithled sentimentally, and her eyes a gazed full into the detective's face. tr "The llintioslniee tongue is melliflutos. as youl say, Miss Monk," ihe rematlild. "I e like it. Tihe linsdostance was the first i language I ever spoke, for, like you. [ was t d born In TIlia, had a native nurse, nnol my mother died in my first year of my a l li!:." C Miss Monk's dark face paled. i "YouS- you understand Ilindostanee, 1thtn ?" she said. y " Vey well indced," answered the officer, v coolly. "I lived in India until I was ten r i years old. On reacling my ma:jority I went r back to look after some propesrty left ie by v " my father, nn:l I remnaintei there sm five c years, studying the lasnguage and the I poeplt." Sp iss Monk listened to this relevation in a g ndead silence. Shite compreheilnded that the r oficer hIad hieardi anil audierstood I;tgee's warning words, and anger and fear I. s!ruggled togbther in Ier breast for the 'm tuastery. , I tost say,"shte declared, after n pease, s. that yoar cot.tlrctin listenin tiu my aah's itivate cortttienanlicaton to me is iot what I n consider lhonoltable." "I migtllt retItll ttha it is not considredt t good.-reedilng to use a foreig lanll;'nage hei t fore pi':oplte who are believed not to urndecr- t d stand it," said the tie:tective, gootil- I .n Iltutsredly. " Jhitt tiss M]0st," nto udvar:1 tage will be taken of your :aiItl's warning 1- aogainst tie, Her woerts are of li!tle cnse.t Se 5snlnce eithellr way. I had come to eorma;tl I Sconclusions ieforet shc-r.piteared, anod her words dill not affect illose ctonclsions. P'.r* I r- don me for Ilhavin intrused upot- you for I Ly so long a time, anld :teett my thi:ks for the anssistance you have renderetd me. Iwill 1 5\. now jtin Lord Cihetwyntd and his dis Stintllisshed guest " Ilie raisetd hIis hat again withI lanuid grace, I t mwalked away toward ti;e hotse, antI made : lis way to tihe grand oll library. Lord 's Chetwtynd and .iMr. Tempest. rwere stated at I one of the tables poring ooermonls of China Sand Tairrtary. T'iey lookeld up at Disset's I 0 entrance. Cs " Coo in, Mr. isset," ealid thie marquis, I with the courtesy that distinguishcd hini. Dr "I have not tnow come to i:lterrtpt your C visit slthl Mr. Telmpest, but to ask you to i place a saddle-horse at my disponsal. I dtesire id to absent myself upon this ibusiness for 1 r, somte otrs. I may not be back tuntil to es morro. morniiltg." - It " Taoe your own time, IMr. Ilisset," re- : f, spendedtl the marqutis. "Come and go at s plcasure. lere is a night-key swhich you : or retluesled. Ishlal order one of my favorite It iorses to be saddledl immediately, and it shall be yours while you stay here," Lord Chetwyad rang thle bell and gave the requisite order. MIr. Bisset waited until a servant announced that the hoi.e was in waiting, and then took his leave, mounted, andl rode down theavenue just as LIiss Monk An ipproachced thie house. He raised his hat to her respectfully, and rode on. In a few minates he had paused out of the lodge gates, and was on his way to the village Cf flo Cicetwynd-bby-Sea. Mr. Bisset did not stop many minutes at the village. He rode into the inn stable yard,and had a.brief interview with a stabl. toy, and then rode out again and pushed on to Eastbourne. He had securye the ad dress of thie lynman who had brought Bernica 1 over to Chbtwyncd village, upon her last .dis visit to the Park. On arriving at East- fire hourne Ie sought out this ly:uan. Ie found Sic the maen comnluicative. In reply to his err chese quenstio.s he learned that a young noc veiled lady hall lired the fly in question on bei ;hie previous Thursday night, on the ar:ivel bel of the down express. She hall arrived ( II wi that train. The driver had not seen her the face. She was slender, a mere slip Vr agi girl, in fact, nitlh asweet low voice, a grace- to ful step, and a gentle, refined manner. The ion Ilymann was readly to swear that sht was a anl lady. Shir te:ied him to take her to Jbht. MI wyndclby.sea, and wait for her there two val hlours, agreeing to return with him. IHe mi was not a man to task his beast for so long be a drive at night without getting a double gr( fare. Ile drove the lady to Chetwynd vii lage. At thes icp of the street she had got on out, bidding him drive on to the inn and tbi wait for hor there. That was the last he th had seen of her. loI " They say she meant to give yon the SE slip," said Bissct, artfully ; "that slle is a be farmer's daughter living out Chectnwynd is way, and olfercd you the return fare as a In bait." W "h Se's no farmer's daughter," said the fly- ar man, doggedly. "I'll swear to that. Why, ne she carried herself as proid as a queen. You ori could see shte was used to serTants. And she a diln't off-r ice the return fare as a bait pi neither. Site was a true lady, above lying, re I'll be hound." at No further information was to be obtained ge from tile flymao, but iMr. lisset did not ali- th pear dissatistid. ni Ile gave the man anotlher shilling, and In said: st "What's the next station that the express or stops at " Oa The flyman informed him, and the officer of rode away, striking out briskly over the to pleansant Sussex. road on his way to Nuns- di gate. In less than an huo*r lie rode up to of the little country station at which Blernice re had booked herself for London. A train di was etpecte:l preently, anud the ticket t t agent sat in his oallce at the open winlow. . Mr. Itisset left his horse in charge of a n Sloncrcr, and then went up to the ticket a vagenst. 1 '" 1Wlhere to, sir?" said the agent, briskly, a as tihe dlteetive's face darken.ed the win- a Sdow. ec " 'Nowhere i' lparticular," replied the of. Ii Sfleer, good- naturedly. " Hae na cigar, sir L :I wish to take the liberty to ialkic anl in quiry which you may be ab!le to answer. or r Yesterday morning a youn?rg lady went up to i Londo. aloioe ,by train, and f nai uneasy II about her. To tell you thie truth, sir, sle it i went away quite secretly. lDid she co fron 11 t this lation ?-a yicung lady dr seed in gray,, l with a doubled gray veil, and a grey hat anmi s feather." 2 The ticket agent accepted the cigar, and t1 responlcd :e '" There was such a young lady at this Sstationi early yetardlay morning, sir. I did 1 not see her face, it being hidden by the veil. F She seemed to me as it she hIla walked b long, anid was tired out. Sihe went ist first claas, laies' rneach, to Ljndon. Was it a n rnllaway, sir?"' u iSonetling like that," smiled Mr. Biaset. 11 ! " Thanks. I rm quite satiseif ." d lie rcettrlei to his hors-, mounted. I netd set olit on his return to Chet.vynd l Park. d " My business is coenclIed sooner thanT I !e expecied," lie rmoused. t"I shall Ibe back in timce to dress for dinnerc. My excursion hnas t ieen .sllscess. The 'spectrc ' went upi to d c. Londonl. First-class.' A lray evilently. s ?o ' T.,lies eoalch.' M:dcst, I should say," and Sthe detective smilk,. Ilee returned to Cinetwynd Park, ar:ivinIng in time to dres for dinner. Fanltlessly 1 n equippe l in dress coat. while eravat, cnl I n brnidered shi:rt front and cin.e ewels, and ri r wc:t!ig his eye-glass, hI descnlled to thle i S.Irawing-r:ou. hi After tiinecr thie party rcitrned to the drawing-loom. Cl ffeet was drank. Mi=s t n . nk I !avyd a Iii:lian: t operatic comnlpsi tion, acd sang also. .11r. Tempcst was in- i is duced to rehearse somne of hi;s alventures in I I, fcrein -rlilmes. The evening slipped away I :a At eleren o'cinek Mlis Monk re s tired, aned soon after Gilbert Monk, yawning t is over a :tory of life and a:lvenliure, andl as e. anxious for an interview vwith his sister as I sO svhe as n anxioas for an interview I id cwilh him, also said god-nlight and re-. e, tiled. er 'Ir. Tempest arose to follow their ex St " CI: good enough to remain a few I momcnts, sir," said the dci'netive. quietily. " 1 have eomcthing to scy Ito Lernt Cicetwynsl, I es and I believe his lordship hla nadmitted yon, I Mr. 'emplost, into his counlsels." . Lr.l Clhetwyndl assented. )isset went to I the door, walking upon his toes, andI st listined. lie locked the doer and re. 1 ts turned. y " I have ascertained, my lord," hce said, in y a bushiness manner, that the 'spretre' of COletwynn l'alk arrived from London, at liastfhurne, on T'luesday night. She drove e, over to Clcetwynd-l y-sea ill a fly, Ilromiiceg to eo back some two hours later in tile me I Ir, vehic'e. Itecoming frigihtcndcl at her near I n discovery by your lordshilp, she did not go it bank in the fly, but walked to Nunsgate, y where shie ftook, yesterday morning, tile up cr expicss for Lonfon . She was alone thirougll tc out. iaving no coclederater. Slhe is young, well-bredl. a Inadyly, and was dressed in gray, a ncd wore a double veil of gray grena it dine." 's Lord Chctwynd and MIr. Tempest were nr alike strnrised at this store of information ie gained in such alshlort period. "I have reason to ibelieve thalnt tile young Slady lcis a den in this hovse, or confede. Sirates," eontincd lr.ei. Bisset. " For reasons of my own, I inclicne to the former thecory. i believe tlhat this 'spect re,' dloes not carry 'i to nul fro her wlhite silk grave gwun, but i- leaves it i:ere for urse S wanntcld. Shie er :r- tailly c:ange.s her dress after her arrival i- hlere, nnd before she goees. The yu rn, n- Iwomnl who came to Eclst bhouine ci-in L gray, eg and went away trom Nunsitoe elo.l in gray, cl, are the samne : andl I ktnow to my own saris fl factioni, that she is the 'spectre.' N ,- c she cr imustc have dressing-rovm smcbwhere. She cr- eows thie Ilhollse, as is prolved by her np. or pennanet in your Ilordship's room. Se or woulc naturally ihavne her cdressing-room in ill thlis holuse, nail as Ilely a room as coul Ie is- oltinined. I desire to examine thle garrets, my lord, and to be accompanicd bIy your :, I loridshiip and Mr. Tempest only. Can wego le iup to tlhem unseen " rd Chletwynd replied in thle nflirmative, racng at for tlhe butler, and ordered candles, which nsa were brought and placed on the hall t's table. " We will go now, if you chloose, Mr. Bis is, set," said the marqulis. " The lhouse is still. i?n. I am impatient to learn it your theory is ir I corret in every point, and also to cxanmine to the white robe, if it Iii in the Ihouse. I shall ire I know if it be the one my wife wore, if we tor really lind it. Come." Lo- IIe broulght in the candles and lighted them. Then he led the way up by private re- lstairs to the galrets, Mr. Tempest and lir. at IB!sset following him. ulothl his lordshlip cin andl the explorer were anxious, trembling, ie e'xcited, but is·set was calm and unmoved, it nas one hco nmarches on to a certain victory.-(Tos CGnctinted) 