I THE TECHNICAL SCHOOL QUESTION. SIR,-Perhaps it matten very little to the present generation whether or not the University of Tasmania (O, grand sound I) proves a " castle in the air " or a rainbow in the clouds. The public is used to rockets political, social, sanitary, and scholastic. They ascend to the heavens with a mighty whizz, burst into multitudinous falling stars, and slide into the bosom of the capacious Dil Willi " 'Vi ' Tories , And all upon her bosom ' With her laughter and her sight. ' Alas I has not the grand old ghost of a clock tower, mee teen to " walk the night " in Macquarie-street,' gone the way of all the stuff that such Tasmanian dreams are made of, withoutleavinga"raek" behind Let us be thankful that we have at least one exception to the, universal rule in the unquestionable shape, not of the airy nothing but of the substantial something of a Technical School, although like Scotland, in prehistoric days, It stands precisely where it is three years ago. We allude not only to the premises but the institution itself. With regard to the former, a notable advance has been made in the hypothetical selection of a site, forcibly pronounced to be unsuitable, notwithstanding the triumphant laying of the ghost of a foundation-stone. What more or what else ? Nothing 9 Now, almost at the first start of the scheme, the old Engineers' Barracks in Melville street were inspected by the Beard, and these after a trifling outlay of a few hundred pounds for; indispensible . adaptation" and appUaneeif would, according to the >>4blnit»)W tire" feet apart and the teachers themselves shirt proved excellent for immediate t purposes until, at least, the success of theinatitutlou had been fully assured. But theGovernnioi.i that had grudgingly allotted, £1,000 for the scholastic experiment, acceded with surprisIng alacrity to the ' more heroic proposal of converting hundreds Into thousands, and erecting a, truly magnificent college, on cardboard 1 Thus, not only, the' precious period of two years and a half, but the opportunity presented for the needful preliminary test was irremediably lost through the Weird charm of the ever haunting phantom. But for this local blight the useful and popular institution, fairly well arranged in separate departments, provided with ample space and verge enough " for something more distinctly and specifically technical than the paltry addendum of so called " Commercial Economy," would long ere this have been in full swing and catering for the varied industrial demands of the community is a sensible, tolerably complete, and systematic way. What is the magnificent range of study at the present moment The truly impressive syllabus notwithstanding, it roughly amount is to feature in plain drawing, in mathematics, and in English ; or, in other words, the sum total of a modest night school in any country. On this head, be it further remarked that the subject of Applied Mechanics," persistently and untiringly urged from the first as being of primest importance, has never yet been ought but a "dummy" figuring fictitiously in the curriculum, and entirely on account of the absence of the indispensable appliances Of the other branches that might long ago have been in full bloom, may be enumerated Practical carpentry, joinery, and oabioetmak log, practical building construction, experimental chemistry and metallurgy, surveying, agriculture, etc. We repeat that all this, and probably something superior t to this, would have been a distinguishing feature of the technological programme, had the simple and modest petition for the Use of the abandoned and still unused Engineers' barracks been permitted at the time when the iron was hot. With reference to agriculture as an even that branch of technical instruction, undoubtedly spasmodic and wild efforts have been made towards progress in words. First of all, in defiance of ascertained failures elsewhere, arrangements were understood to have been made for the appointment of an itinerant lecturer, who. as the surely practical enough Mr. Harding declared, would unquestionably prove an "Itinerant humbug." But, whether or no, we ask, where is he Secondly, without caring to ask whether any students would be forthcoming, the purchase of an agricultural farm for £4,000 was gravely and industriously deliberated. The common sense and common place proposes to meanwhile enable students, if any, to acquire a knowledge of the science In clear, and of the art on the existing Government farm was seemingly too undignified for the sudden inheritors of a million sterling granted for specific and temporary use. No matter! The/phantom farm, with its music staff of instructors, its army of studious spirits, its costly charges for working by means of the "beat modern ghostly machinery and contrivances, and for general maintenance on shadowy rations and misty expectations, has also, vanished, to job taiTaiter«;tothç ParjajM of Fools.' Ton/mieux I , ,,",,, Lastly, he a country proved to abound in mineral, and compared, with, which every other industrial t recourse, is a fleabite, not one tangible step has been taken to prepare,' even J>y initiatory lessons ia,ob«mUtry, the more enterprising and stones hearts of our rising youth to go forth and accept the challenge of nature herself, to do battle for the rich prize she has everywhere openly offered. Festina leave 1 with a vengeance, li, Tasmania I -Yours,, etc. I " , 11 S.' LAURIE, j 