The Gaslight Handicap. . Despite counter attractions there was an ex- cellent attendance at the Australian Running Ground on Wednesday evening, when the first round of the Twelfth Gaslight Handicap was got through. There was quite an array of pencillurs who had volumes ou the race, and betting was very brisk. The friends of the Wallsend footballor Laing rallied round him when speculation com- menced, and he was speedily made favourite. When the Tamworth ped Cleary got home in his heat the pieces were put on him with a will, and he usurped Laing's position. Ramsey, Callaghan, Cobby, Sheehan, Mitchell and others all had supporters, and as they succeeded in breaking the worsted the event looked very open. A half-caste called French fairly walked in in his heat, hat as he had failed to put aboriginal in his description, he was disqualified. The tracks were in excellent order. Joe Ingram was in his best form with the pistol, Messrs. Dimmock and James were correct judges, and as the arrangements were ex- cellent everything passed off pleasantly. On Thursday night there was another bumper house, despite the unpropitious weather, and a good deal of money changed hands. Callaghan was strongly fancied and he hardened down to 3 to 1, at which price he remained until he met Ramsey, who ran him a dead-heat and beat him in the run-off. Cleary, too, fell in, whilst Lang gave up the ghost when he met Mitchell. Tooze carried a good deal of money, but he had no better fate than the other ? favourites. A stranger called J. Westler appeared to be a bit of a myutery, and he would about have won had he not been afraid of exposing too much of his hand, and he was put down in trying to cut a close finish with Mitchell. A number of the finishes were tight fits, but eventually the best trio 'reached the final and finished thus : W.'Ramsey, 14 yards. 1 F. J. Sheehan, 14 yards. 2 C. Mitchell, 10J yards. 3 Betting was even Sheehan and Ramsey, 3 to 1 ?. Mitehell. The men were not kept waiting long, and when the signal was given it was to a fine start. Ramsey and Sheehan went fair et it from ¿ho jump, and at half-ways the latter was in front, but the other Singletonian raced up to him at the end, and beat him home by two feet, Mitchell being about a yard oil, he running badly at the beginning. Time, 6Asecs. 