CHAPTER XXV. CLOUDS LIFTING. ME. ROBERTS returned to his office in a: brighter mood, after an interview with Mr. Dorsey in the reading-room of his hotel, *Th6 interview had lasted for | more than,two hones and was to result immaterial benefit to Mr. Newcome, his partner, allofwhjch was of course highly sautfactory toMr,'tloherts.' But'th'atwasnotwhat made him feel ,S0, .very much lightened,in spirits that he actually whistled a tune in his office tbeb, .which he had all to himself at the 'liinchtoti hotijr, a period ,pf. time which .always, received prompt recognition from his clerk-and his littletoye-writer. If an explanation of his sensations had ;beeri compulsory, Uf. Roberts would , have beep fprced to . acknowledge that tlie two .'things (which bad made him feel to jimmensely better-humored all of ft sudden) were the facts ot Miss ^ewMme's. unhappjnes? and of Lord" RaJhsforth's son's discomfiture and de-i partune for the Old World. J "flit faad'hid "no further private conver-1 s^bri''with Miss, Dorsey, after that 'ecstatic exclamation, of here on discover ing.Dr^.Rogers with her father; but crumbs go a long way with a starving man. " And in the region of his heart M?. Rpberts w^s conscious of excessive and increasing hunger. The junior partner was not very young; he never had been the sort of ybuhg'jnfen who could fall in and out of lore witli equal facility. Bella, as he had once believed in her, hed1 been so Altogether soul-satisfying that when he 'felt'compelled, by his own rigid ' code of honor, to disbelieve in her, it had never occurred to him as possible that he eou)d i ^ver quite recover from his (MSgiiant disappointment in her, or de sire.to replace her image with that of an other woman. Flo had said, with such evident scorn for his Stupidity, that the Ridgway escort business could be satisfactorily explained away, that fpr the first time it occurred to him so might the pawn-ticket business. He flushed with a delicious sense of exultation over the reflection, that perhaps his prolonged silence and absence might have something to do with that un happincss of Bella's, which made her friend's " heart ache." But how to take the first remedial measure ? "Ob, my darling," he exclaimed, in the eagerness of revulsion from his great j disappointment to renewed hope, " if I ' have indeed misjudged you, how tender and<good I will be to you to win your forgiveness and to make you forget it 1" j - He stopped whistling, and was busily ) casting about in his mind for some pre text to cay, at Mrs. Newcoine's aiter deliberatelvabseafoffhirrtsMffor so many weeks, wfifeh the IciidtoNtii dfaiculty was cut jn themost unexpected manner. A messenger boy arrived with a, note from Mrs. NeWcome, in one comer of which was/the inirialled reqwst that he would please reply. ; Thj*i(js what it contained, andit pleased him very much to reply: " My dear Mr. Roberts': our young soutHttn friend, Hiss Dorsey, with the freedom of action that is so marked a characteristic of hers at all times" (Mrs. Newcome regarded that sentence with a large degree of complacency. She considered that it embodied a crushing blow at the two indiscreet personages she had surprised in a public hack that morjiipg). " has invited two strange gentlemen here to dinner without con sulting me. Her father and a friend of her father's, is all I am told about it "I suppose the giving of this invita tion and the accepting of it are quite in accordance with the fax social customs of MisS Dorsey's Texas home; but imagine my discomfiture I My son, by reason of a most uopleasaat recent interview with Miss Dorsey, absolutely refuses to return tojhe house so long as she is our guest i so I am left to entertain two strange men at dinner, with no one to represent the head of the house. In my sad perplexity I turn to you to beg you to come to me for dinner, if you neve no engagement so pressing that you cannot break it From that momeet the junior partner began to believe that there might be such a thing as special providences, and complacently regarded himself as the tobject of one. .His answer conveyed to Mrs. New comethe information that he had another engagement, which he must cancel in order to come to her, so that if he shbiild happen to be a little late she need not give him up. , He was inexcusably late according to his own somewhat antiquated notions of etiquette^ and when he entered the jwlors he received a decided shock, that made him wish most vigorously that be had returned a different answer to Mrs. Newcome's invitation and left ber to scramble out of her quandary as oest she might. There sat Mrs. Newcome, decorously resplendent in a combination of black velvet and satin, and quite fully occupy ing all of the sofa left to her by Mr. Dorsey, who was as big of body as he was of heart and brain, which is accord ing the Texas planter ample physical girth.' It w«4 a renewal of old acquaint anceship with him andMrs. Newcome, and the fundof reminiscence seemed it\ex haustable so far as he was concerned.; and there sat Flo, happily absorbed in and absorbing Dr. Rogers, there by the bay window .behind the lace curtains* where the flowers bloomed perennially. Certainly he was not needed there; no, nor anywhere else, he speedily anc moodily concluded, taking rapid note of Bella's absence, as he bowed deferen tially over his hostess's plump white hand. Flo advanced towards him, radiant with happiness. Dr. Rogers lingered behind, sniffing at the flowers in an absent sort of fashion, while his eyes followed Flo's regal form adoringly as she swept towards Mr. Roberts. He knew all about Roberts, hy this time. Splendid-looking fellow he was to. Miss Newcome would do a good thing in marrying her father's partner. He didn't envy him, however. It was just at the juncture when Flo, putting ber hand confidingly into Mr. Roberts', leaned forward to say to him in a low voice, with her luminous eyes raised to his, " I have played a cruel joke on my darling Bella, and you alone, can compensate for it," that Bella her self appeared with the noiselessness of a ghost in the doorway. She thought, poor child, that she had fortified herself to meet just such a sight: but for a second the room swam .before her.. She could see four persons and they all seemed to be stairing at her in the most heartless and maddening manner. _ 'She could see her mother, sitting [ very erect.ia her ample draperies, with her handsome«yes blazing disapproval at her for her miserable weakness in not being better able to hide her hurt from public inspection. She could see a large florid-old gentleman, in an old-fashioned white Marseilles waistcoat, regarding her with simple surprise from a pair of benevolent blue eyes. She could see Flo, looking so tall, and stately and happy, standing there by Mr. Roberts, with the love-light in her eyes. Ah ! cruel! Him she could not see dis tinctly. She could not, would not, look at him. All four figures mingled and com mingled and floated confusedly before her eyes. Was she going to complete ber disgrace ty fainting there before them all? She put out her hand gropingly, in a pathetic gesture of greeting. It was seized by Flo, who, frightened at her deadly pallor, had swept towards her and whispered eagerly in her ear, feeling that she was called on to avert a scene: "My darling, please don't look like a death's-head when I'm so happy now 1 that Tom has come." Then in a raised | voice, j* Dr. Rogers, if you've finished botanizing I want to introduce you to my friend." " Dr. Rogers ! " Bella repeated the name softly, as in a dream, mechanically following Flo's lead across the room until she reached the sofa, where only her mother was seated now, Mr. Dorsey standing await ing her recognition. She remembered putting a very cold hand into Mr. Doreey's; she remem bered smiling wistfully up into his kind old face; she remembered looking up, it seemed to her, to mi immense altitude to look into (he face ot Flo's lover, with a sense of immense gratitude to him in her heart; she remembered another hand stretched out to her, a hand that seemed to draw her upward from the sofa until she stood close, close by the side of the one m*ii ofthe earth to her; she remem bered being Jed very gently but very firmly along the parlor, through the library,-they seemed to be miles long, until she felt the rush of the cool air on her cheeks; then see heaved a lonp drawn sigh and stood still, trembling from head to foot. " I think if I had not brought you here into the open air you would have fainted in that hot room. You are not well, I am afraid." It was Mr. Robert's voice, and he stood a little way from her now on the stone balcony. His voice sounded cool and far away, out there in the dusk and the stillness. She put one trembling hand to sustain herself by the cold stone pillar. Was she not-done with suffering yet?" " I did not know I was so weak," she said,'simply. | "Nor I. ' I did not know I was so' weak." "You! You weak? You are more skilled then in the art of concealment." "No." he said, and the sudden recol lection of. the pawn-tickets lent a certain hardness to his ? tones, " the palm for concealment still rests with you." " If you only brought me out here to be unkind to. tpe, you have certainly changed very radically since the last time we stood on this balcony. !" The last time we stood on this bai-i cony," he said, coming closer to her and | speaking with vehement earnestness, " I was on the point of asking you to be my wife. I loved you because I thought, beautiful as you were, and are, for you never looked more beautiful jn my eyes than you do at this moment, you pos sessed a; beajity of soul,' a sincerity, ft 'purity arid truthfulness that Were incom parably more valuable to me than any mere physical charm-" " And you have found V she said ques tioningly. She stood very erect now. The full moon was shedding its pallid light upon her, just as.it had ahed.it on that other night when they had stood together on tikis spot. Her eyes were upraised to his. Not pleading for forgiveness; not in deprecation of wrong-doing; not in consciousness ot any ill desert,. t>ut proudly, defiantly-commanding, indeed, that he put his accusation into Words, which he #d. ' Shi never once changed her attitude during his hurried recital of that tortur ing day in which he had found 'her pocket-book, had watched her leave the house, had seen Lord Rainsforth's son followand accompany her. She scarcely heaved a sigh when nis account came to an. end and he stood before her, waiting apparently fot her to exonerate herself by a counter recital. This she had no in tention of doinif. Her voice came to him very sbftly after a little: "Oh, thou of little faith !" ' Then she turned from him towards the window they had come out through He caught her hand and drew her towards him, close and closer yet, until she rested placidly in the shelter of his arms. He could not doubt her. He gloried in her refusal to enter on the defensive. "And that is all you have to say to me, Bella?" " No; I have this to say to you. The man who loves me as I want to be loved, must trust 'me in spite of appearances." " And is that the way you will love when you do love, oh, my sweet?" Then it came back to her how fierce an experience she had passed through that very day. Had she trusted him in spite of appearances? Had she not just gone through an ordeal that had left her shaken to the very foundations of her being Irom unfounded jealousy ? She burst into a torrent of tears that swe(>t away the last remnant of her obstinancy. "Ah I I have been so unhappy, so Unhappy 1"' Bhe sobbed. " I knew all that you have told me to-night long ago, but was powerless to set matters right. How could I when you would not even ask me a question ?" "I can't conceive how you knew it." "About those hateful tickets I mean. It was Algie, poor Algte, always at the bottom'Of my troubles. I knew when he brought my things back that it was you who had redeemed them, and I thought he might have told you all about it. I cannot and will not; you must think what you choose." ? "One thing, my darling I you did hot break your promise to me ?" _ " I would have died first,* she said pas sionately, clinging to him as if for shel ter from the. trials and temptations that had made life such a burden to her of late. "Thank God," he murmured devoutly, drawing her hot cheek down to his shoul der and pressing his lips fervently to the wet, closcd lips that veiled her lovely eyes. "My own?" It was a tender ques tion. " Your own-all your own," she ans wered, standing on tip toe to clasp her arms about his neck. 