-; SPORTING NOTES. ^ /?;?]'.? CBr f iTAN.V ''v '' ' Two race meetings are set down for next ?week, ' ? - Ul verstorie ? ??' on - Thursday -and Bellerive on. Saturday, i The Coast gather- : ing will be specially interesting, inasmuch a3 it is the.inital meet, of what should be come a prosperous club. _The fields ;will!. not be large; but the sport may nevertheless be Rood.' In the Hurdle, Shamrock and Eli areat- the top of the list;' and should. they start I shall- look to them to come'; in' ^in the order'named, with ?PoristertHird^ In the Devon 'Handicap Mia Miawit'a 73t 91b looks a good thing.r and will be : probably followed home by Young Rapidity rand ? Beaconsfield..;,Mia Mia should also annex tho .Flying [Handicap. In the tworyear-old raon there are only three horses; Oroya',. Jji uet and Maratato. . Acceptances close to ,.'d*y. ?'. ' ' ' '-,-' '.' ' '? ? ? ''??' '- '',,. ',,.. .. _ Elsewhere appear, the weights for the (Jue'en's Birthday Meeting' of the Victorian . Bacing Club'. ' In the Hurdle I' :think Chandler, with- ,12st 71b, is,; badly treated as compared with 'Redleap; ? a Grand National winner;' with 12st 31b. , As Mr Miller .has 'also Wyyis and Sam engaged, whatever he sends should hold the key to the situation. Of.theothers Hike Shanks, lOst 71b. The Birthday Handicap, with 1000 sovs added, will be the richest race of the 'day;- Should Lochiel and Bravo meet, both fit and well, an interesting, race ?would take' place between the two top weights. Lower down the list I like nothing better than The Charmer and . Green. Me, and if the daughter of Emerald . has the ' benefit of Power's skill in . the saddle 'I shall look to her as the winner, followed home by The Charmer arid Bravo. Three Tasmanian bred horses are engaged . ,in the Steeplechase. Native, list 91b;' Goal. Post, lOst, and Pride of. the Hills, 9at 101b, . . but I question if these will prove equal to^ the task of putting down Titokowaru and Lawler.' . . . ? The latest cablegrams announce that the Australian colt, Kirkham, is improving. May he continue to do so, and uphold the honour of Australia in the Derby. There are few better bred horses in Australia than Enfilade, full brother to Nordenfeldt, and as this fashionably-bred horse is offered for private sale by Messrs Ynille and Co., of Melbourne, I trust that one of our studinasters will secure him. He should suit the Moat mares admirably, and as the lord of the harem; Manuka, is a long way into, the sere and yellow, I trust Mr-Symmons will not let this oppor tunity slip of securing a good sire. Enfilade: is. by Musket- from Onyx (Bister \- to BobinBon Crusoe)'^., by Angler from Chrysolite, ?? by.-'. Stockwell from Juliet (imp.), by Touchstone'.- The bay -horse Calma by Yatfendon from London Pride is also in the sale list. A race 'meet will be held at Green's Creek on ' 24th. ' Nominations close on Tuesday next. The course, which is on Mr T. Burgess's property, is now being harrowed and levelled. . ? \ -. 'A late cablegram states that Ringmaster , has accepted for the Manchester Cup. ? .The Tasmanian. bred Red Rose won the Pengarnar Handicap at the Epsom Rasing Club's Meet on Thursday. ^Everything points, to the Carrick Club having a successful gathering on the 26th. The acceptances are good and the fields should be fairly large. At present there are seven left in the Hurdle, nine in the Birthday Handicap, six in the Steeple, ten' in the Flying, and eight in the Trial ? , Stakes; ':,'?- N ?'?-... '.Mr S. C. Agnew is sending Macquarie and Assyria across the straits. ,1 hear that M'Clutchey's string are to be ca.sed in their work. All his horses have been withdrawn, with the exception, of Niobe, from the Carrick meet. - . I have to acknowledge the receipt of the. Victorian Boeing Calendar for May, / A difference of opinion exists between the .-' . ? ;'.: ? .- '? ... ?'?;??. i'/1 - Victorian and Tasmanian hundicappers with .regard to the respective, merits of Macquarie and Green Isle, judging by the 'weights issued for the Queen's Birthday meet of the V..R. 0. In the Autumn Handicap1 1-Jmil'es, at the last meet of the T. R. C. Green Isle'was asked to give Mac quarie 1st 31b, but in the Birthday Handi cap over 'the same distance, the marc receives 51b from the son. of tha Assyrian. This is a difference of opinion 'with a vengeance. v ' . By the s.s. Pateeno, which left for Mel bourne on Monday, Mr J. M. M'Clutchey took .. Green ' . Isle, : Emerald — Favourite, and Sly Dance, Napoleon-^Kate Malone,; to Victoria to fulfil engagements. '' '. Twelve hundred guineas has;been offered for Whimbrel, by a Victorian sportsman. A cablegram' states that Mr James White's colts Wentworth; Nepean and Mons Meg have arrived saFely at the Cape of Good Hop'o' en. rouia for England. Mr E. : Keys -was so ; disgusted with Sir William's icrushing impost in the. Royal Stakes; to be run at the Sydney Turf Club's Birthday meeting that : he scratched the gallant son of /Sir :Modred .for that eyent on the 9th inst. - ? ? . , ;; Ringmaster's weight for the Manchester Cupi8.7stl31b. .;. ?;.?.'? -.?:.::?., . The Hon. James White's brown horse Plutarch while exoercising broke a blood vessel. .;'.:.. .??;'-.. -. ?.,.? An. appeal against the decision of the Moonee Valley, stewards in disqualify ing Vasoosa; together with her owner and trainer, for six months, has been lodged, with the Victoria Racing Club. . . ?-- A cable message from England an nounces .that the Australian horse Ring master, was withdrawn from the, : Great; Northern. Handicap, 1J m'ile3, ,in connec-; tion with.the York Spring Meeting, whichi took place on Tueaddy anu Wednesday last. The son of Yardley was h'andiqapped at8at 71b,'or,'l61b more than he '-carried to victory in the ^sarno event last yea'K - . : ; .. '?.., Calma,' the wiener of. the Caulfield Cup of 1083, and Enfilade, own brother to'Nor denfeldt, are in the market for private sale...,: ?'' .' . ... .'. , . .'., .,'.?',. .'? . - ' .... , ,, ; Bob Batty, the cross country rider, has returned .to Melbourne from Sydney. He took with him the steep'lechasec Glenduart and another mare. ?-.'? ?-.', ?:?.,: ... ,.Ar (vs?9.ciatibn. having for its objest the mutual protection of members of the ring, has been formed «in Sydney, under the title of the; Australasian Bookmakers' Association, v. , -. v r ;: ? ; The many friends of Mr O'Shannessy, the well-known straight going Campbell-. Town-, spoitsmun, will (says the Referee) learn-, wish some surprise that he has 'gone for , ever .' from the . saddling paddock, ; having disposed of; the whole of hisstable to; Mr Arthur Waterworth, of Wollongorig.. Mr ,O'Shannes.8y'8 sudden action wasthe result of a slight, dispute with his,trainer after the; recent meet at Minto. The first result of this was theBuddensale.of Bruce and-hi_ssta\\-le\companions. :-rV ...?. - ^ y ! Ernie Huxley, who wa's educated in the hon. .James White's stables, and who rode so. many, seconds to' Hales, has been en gaged by Mr Broadribb, of Melbourne cthe owner of Titan), as head rider at a salary, at .£300 per annum. ,. ?,..?? The racehorses in training belonging to Mr J. O. Ingles are to be sold by auction, at Newmarket, on Monday, May 26, by Messrs W. C. Yuille.and Co. Amongst them are G'Naroo, Ulysses, Mirnee (brother .to Malua), Partner, Chakwa, Maluina, and also three . yearling colts and a filly by Malua from Verdure, Timidity, Ehea, and Norna. Norna is the dam of Dart i well, who won the Melbourne Cup some years ago,and who has since been a successful sire. At the same time and place of sale, Calico, Skiff, Dishcloth, Query, and others belong ing to Mr. James Wilson, sen., will be Eold. .. -In connection with the recent announce ?ment»;that7 the Australian, horse Chicago was not likely to run in any race in Eng land this year, it is now Btated that he has strained his suspensory ligament. The HobarfButchera'. Races were held at JElwick on Wednesday and re3nlted as follow : — Time Handicap Trot — Tiger 1, Jimmy 2. Hack Race Handicap— Witch 1, Repose 2, Maple 3. Pony Race Handicap —Molly 1, Fairy Queen 2, Physic 3. Time Handicap Trot — Jimmy 1, Merriman 2, Darkie 3. Hack Race — Huntsman 1, Romping Girl 2, Witch 3. Cabmen's Hack Race — Minnie 1, Messenger 2, Physic 3. According to an English exchange, a very important point under the betting law was brought out lately in the Queen's Bench Division, before Lord Justice Fry and Mr Justice Matthews. It arose out of an appeal on behalf of a superintendent of police from a decision of the- stipendiary magistrate of We&t; Bromwich, who dis missed a charge against a person named Fincher, under section 3 of the Betting Act ; that is, he waa charged with using -the bar of an hotel for the purpose of bet ting , on -horse-racing. Mr Matthews, in giving judgment, said that it was not sufficient to show that a person went into a r'coni and made bets 'therein j that would be to hold that every person who made a bet in a public room was liable to a pen alty, and that was not the intention of the law. His opinion was that the decision of the stipendiary must be upheld. Lord Justice Fry concurred, and the appeal waB dismissed. The importance of this decision can scarcely be under estimated, for it should put a stop to the cruel persecution which has been carried on by an entire misapplication of the betting law. Mr William Gannon ha'3 purchased the New Zealand colt Gatling,~by Nordenfeldt from Petroleuse. The price paid is said to be 2000gs. Gatling will now go into Harry Raynor's^Btable . With j-regard to Australian horses an English writer says :— When so much elaborate fuss was being made about the Australian colts during the winter I warned my speculative readers to leave them alone, having no opinion. of their Derby. prospects. The result of their puddle of. a trial; and the miserable exhibition at Lincoln of Plutarch, who galloped with them, show very clearly that they have not the ghost of a shadow of a chance for the Derby j but Kirkliam, at least, may win some races over long distances if Judiciously placed. He also says :— Ringmaster'^thii'd in the Liverpool _Spring Cup was not at all an in different performance. Father Confessor, the winner, ' a 6-year-old, carried 7st 51b, and finished three lengths in front of TheoEophist, 5 years, 8st 4lb, the Au-- traUar-bred horao bong on ' the girths of the' second, with 8st. Montaigne was favourite at 100 to 30. Theosophist next at.4 to 1, and the winner at 6 to 1, while RiDgmRster figured at 100 to 8, in a field of nine, ridden by Turner, who was on him on each 'occasion last year. ; ' Spectator,' the reliable sporting authority of the Canterbury Weekly Press, his the following :— 'In a letter from Mr William .Wilson, of Elslea, Pateo, that gentloman informs me that a yearling filly by Armament— Caller Herrin, bred by him, ' is now heavy in foal to a yearling' colt' Fraternito, own brother, to Egalite. This pair were wintered together for convenience as foals and not separated till': Qctober 3 1, when the filly would be under '13 and the colt under. 12 months old. This case, so' far as' my experience goes, is without a. parallel.' . '-.;?' k ', ' . .'?'..'',' Last year Native won theWarranambool, Steeplechase w.thlO3t 121b', and this year 'thespn of Castle Hill annexed, the same ?event with 12st in.tlie saddle.. ' The , Tas- manian bred gelding -was'steered on' both- occasions by Neyldn. ' ' ''? 'With- . regard to the' dam of Mr M'.Clutphey's mare Niobe, ^abqut. whom llittle^E'eems to be knownj^V'; Cranbrobk!1 in the,. Sportsmdii^e&ySt;—V-'Jb is. stated- that; .NipBe's dam^is * the dual Geelohg. Ciipr ? winner, ^Ivhich I 'very much doubt, as the' gariie 'little daughter of Gondolier, and Alice Drew has not, so far as I know, left the hon..G. Davis's (her breeder's) station., ; ' The high-priced Titan is already giving trouble, and those who looked upon him as a certainty for the V.R.C Derby must now be apprehensive. 'Augur' states that afew days ago on a visit he;' found the mighty two-year- old; geldirig in physicj and with both hia fore ittlocks blistered.' When Mr. B.rpdribb gave 4600 guineas for the son of Chester I wrote it was a false price for a gelding, especially as. both. his fore joints were enlarged, and the blistering, though apparently light, substahtiate3 my 'state ment respecting his. joints. Further up his legs are like steel bars, but the public had better leave him severely alone for the Derby, or they may burn their fingers.' - The 'New Zealander, Titokowaru, who won. th'e Steeple at the .recent V:A.T.C Meet, is by Dilke, a Tasmanian-bred horse, by Albion from a; mare by Old English Gentleman, from British Queen.by Jersey, and his dam Flora M'Dorjald was -a. daughter of Traduce'r; Dilke's sire, Albion, . was by the English horse North Lincoln, ' from Miss Giraffe, ? the dam of ; Rapid ? Bay. and Neckersgat, so that Titokowaru oan boast of a good pedigree. Hf ran four times aa a two-year-old in New Zealand without gaining a winning bracket ; but he won a maiden plate at Wanganui and a small stake at Fielding in the following season. He was then ' addjd to the list,' and after winning several snHl stakes Raa bought him, and at the first time of asking he won a hurdle race at the Auckland Jubilee Meeting in January last. As he has only twice started in steeplechases, and has been successful both times, he must (says ' Augur') be accounted a very useful horse, and there can hardly be a doubt that he will yet be seen to even greater advan tage than in the past. . The hurdle- raco mare Ophelia,' while : running at Casterton, Victoria.in the Hurdle Race, struck one of her fences, and fell. She had to be destroyed shortly afterwards as her spine was injured. ' J. Scoble must (says the Melbourne Tele graph) feel somewhat uncomfortable ovor the Savanpk-Anita business. If he was guilty of any ' hanky-panky' business, and the stewards at Moonee Valley were satisfied on the point, then disqualification should follow. The fact of two jockeys each riding a horse of the same stable, and their names being attached to a horse, was all right, but when these riders get outside of the weighing yard they change mounts. The stewards being apprised of the matter, send for the riders, and order them to continue their mounts as they left the weighing enclosure. Neither have won, consequently there was little to be' said by the committee ; still the fact remains that actions of this 'kind are fraught with, danger to the welfare of the turf, and should bp sharply snuffed out. On the 4th inst., the To Anau arrived at Sydney from New Zsalnndwards with the cro3s-country horse3 Recruit and Seaweed, who are, it is stated, destined for Brisbane, and after taking part in Tattersall's meeting there will return to Sydney. Williams, who brought the jumper Artist across, is in charge of the horses, and he has the crnBS-country jockey Collins with him. The week before he left Auckland, Recruit, who is by Daydawn, from Stella, won the Autumn Steeplechase, carrying lOst 12lb, and putting down a field of five, none of them very high-class, to whom he gave over a Btone in weight aU round. Yatapa, formerly in M'Clutchey's EtableB, was well backed here to win the Hurdle Race at the Melbourne Hunt Club meet,, but he did not pull his_ admirers through. He started favourite in a large field and finished a good third, but it is probable that had he not blundered at the last fence he would have won. ^ Some incidents worth noting took place at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting on Saturday last, as is shown by the following from a Melbourne paper:— In the Handicap Flat Race, Jean fairly staggered those who bad,' been watching her recent form, t-y winning the race in lmin leisec- liit'/iag Tomboy and Quadrant behind her and six teen othors. This is ono of the great reversals of form so frequently mot in racing, and so rarely takon notice of by the lynx-eyed stewards. Why do the stewards pass these complex problems of running without enquiry, and yet investigate otherB that every right-uriuded man thinks honest? Perhaps they are too complex or complete. Now comes another study of the stewards' action — to wit, the fcftcople chase. The too Now Zealand hordes, Guy Fawkea and Titokowaru, are nearly equal favourites j the pun'.ers are quiet m.yslifl d as to which they will back. The fact is both horses are going on their merifs. Titokownvu is ridden by his owner (Hue) and Guy Fawkes by Bob Battye. The latter wins after a most exciting finiBh, und the public testify their appreciation of a good race by loudly applauding Battyo.who has not won d race for some time. Here comes the remarkable part — the stewnr.ls prder an investigation into the running of Titokowaru, because he did not win. . This lenquiry lasted but a few moments, fortu nately for the good name of the stewards, ; and was dismissed in favour of Rae. Not ;one.in a thousand of the spectators thought ;Rae was guilty of any malpractice ; in fact jthe cheering of the public was a tribute to \ the honesty of the riders. A queer buainesa (was enacted in the Ladies' Trophy, where j Ormonde won. The rider went to scales, -nd the horse with his bridle had left the j weighing enclosure. Then it was discover. -i .that the ridor was not weight, and to make Iweight had to send for his bridle. This ilast action being against rasing law, J. iKingwas about u- protest, but one of Lhe Istewards' pooK- poohed the matter. Now;, 'according to rule 93- of iiheViR.'C.,' it'status ithat' 'if a horse be led awoyjrom the scales biforo the rider Bhall bo declared weight, no article shall -be taken off ouuh horse for the purpose of bsing weight :d with the rider, although the rider ahull not bo the proper weight without it.' The ?least the stewards might have done waB to enquire into the matter. 