THE ACE OF CLUBS. A ROMANCE OF RUSSIA AND SIBERIA. Bt Pbikce Josef Ldmbomibski, Author of " Safar-Iiadji, a Story of Turkistaii," Ac. CHAPTER XVII. " Ienar," a tali man said to his companion in the language of the natives, "-thefoxes are getting rare in the forest." The other man had narrow, squinting eyes, protruding cheekbones, a yellow complexion, and a face that had been. tattooed. The Mongolian was easily recognised. "That has come about because men have filled "up our deserts," replied Ienar-Kus to the foreigner. " Believe me, we do not come because we wiBh it. We are compelled todo so." "No one, however, compelled the con, querors to oppress us or impose - a tribute upon us." "Is it hard for you to pay the -tribute "Soon it will be impossible. Your merchants destroy our forests, which were created to provide for our wants. Game flees so^far away that we cannot reach it any more. Oh, these are hard times !' " If we were to spend the whole night here in complaints npt a fox or a sable.--would ccroe within reach. Friend Ienar, whistle to cur dogs and take me to the .Shaman valley— T must meet my brethren there." " Very well, replied Ienar-Kus. This conversation took place -about ax versts from the" colony, beneath ^Bome- pine trees that stood there quite- alone ,in the vast mass of snow. They looked like, outposts of the unfathomable-^oiest,which frasned -the landscape on all sides; 1 Both Jrariters, Clothed jn reindeer skin from -head to foot, - were re-.' dining on the hard frozen- snow. "Near by, concealed under the trees, stood a narta, a Siberian sleigh. -At first sight such a- vehicle looks as if it could hardly hold two men, and yet it usual contains under the seat in addition everything needed by a traveller in Siberia—flour, grits, dried fish, and other victuals, besides knives, axes, and hunting gear; finally, the skin which covers the whole narta -can be - put up as a tent whenever the traveller is foroed to remain at any place a longer time for hunting and fishing. The two hunters, of course, did not resemble each other in the least. One was very tall and well- made, with handsome strongly-marked features, slightly curling hair, and stamped in every detail as a European. He could not, however, be one of the unfortunate exiles, since he carried a double gun on his shoulder, •while the law prohibits exiles having firearms.- But as eastern Siberia, with its almost infinite variety of flowers, tress, and metals, possesses only two varieties of men—colonists and savageE—this huntsman had some mystery about him. He coi.id not be a wealthy merchant who might have left his dwelling in the city to hunt with the natives, because his worn and patched clothes_ spoke of poverty. His companion was evidently ' the chief of a tribe of Tunguses. His costume, made of reindeer skins, was, after the fashion of the natives, richly adorned with glass beads and bits of coloured cloth. On his head he wore a handsome sable talpak, and the bow with which he killed game" admirably was ornamented with gold nieces. It was, in fact, the prince of the Tunguses himself, one of the most famous hunters, far and near. He led the life of a nomad; in summer when foxes and sable retired northward, he crossed to the opposite chore of the Baikai lake, and was said to carry on a profitable trade with some tribes on the Chinese frontier. Ienar-Kus owned innumerable herds of reindeer and many tents; he had won the respect even of the Russian officials and inspired them with a certain fear, because he was closely allied with all the wandering tribes of Tunguses and other natives. The Siberian prince whistled piercingly, and at once from five different sides five immense . Siberian dogs came rushing forth. These gigantic animalsresemble wolves; and are.of imposing size; they are yellowish, have a black .muzzle and strangely- sliaped ears. "These dogs sprang up on Ienar-lvus, barking joyously; * -upon a sign of their master's these intelligent animals rushed back to the sleigh, pulled it out and remained near it as awaiting further orders. "These good creature," said the prince, " are so clever and bright. I learnt this way of travelling from the Samapedes of the North, and daily rejoice at it. As to speed, nothing ran compare with these racers. To be sure they are not, as reindeer are, able to draw a whole family, but then, they are so much faster. Besides, they are obedient, while reindeer" The. Russian interrupted this eulogy on his dogs by saying, " Quick, to work. It must be late." They took ropes from the sleigh and began putting, the dogs into harness. " \V<; need not come back here," he said, "the forest is empty. To-morrow I'll take my hunting gear to the other bank of the Angara*" " I .am very much astonished," said Ienar- Kus, " that you should be one of those whom the Czar's finger has touched and still enjoy suih great freedom. I have now been hunting thiity years , in this district. I have met a gr< at, number of exiles, and have learned to know intimately many of them, but no one was like you; you never remain at any one place ; ycu are allowed to have firearms; you go where you list, and command others ! I cannot understand that!" - " And yet, I have often explained it to you. I Kin ti e head of the colonists of this district/ Kef< me others were here, whom you perhaps did i i.-i know." 'i In- Tunguse shook his head. " i h:ive known all the colonists who were mil in: these thirty years." " iirfeaps they were not as cunning and as »cti\e as' I am. All the -colonists of this district would let themselves be cut to pieces for n e, because they know how zealously I woik to restore , them to liberty. For three days a man .has been lying in my hut, wrapped up in 'furs, in my bed, and groaning fearfully wb< never .an Inspector enters. This makes -thcrn think I ,am sick.. In Siberia there are no physicians ; exiles, have to do their work. Our district doctor is a Bo^sli surgeon; he kr.ows my secret You see, then"— " That may pass once." " I have other means to mislead the authorities. Day snd night-1 am at work. You know my project, -and you have promised me your assistance." " A Tunguse chief keeps his promise!" " I know, Ienar, and I have initiated you into all our .secrets, - because . I know the lioneety of your {character. You see, my friend, in my..native countra far, far away, there live many rascally people. There treachery and vrigarity prevail, such as. you, simple children of nature, cannot imagine. _ I .must return there, in order to punish a-traitor and to make amends for a crime." "I have often told .yon. -Rely on Ienar." "Did you ppeak..with ;the Chief .of the Chakiials, £h?»t • he.gives. -us leave-to march through ;his land ? . Did you. toll .him- we .would pay him .4,000 fax skins and 10,000 sables ? At my storehouse in; the Shaman valley I still have twice aaiojmy:" "I have not y.etcrossed: the Holy Sea. When I have carried you r to the Shaman valley Chen 111 go .to- the Chalchals, and you may rely uponit, that I will make them-do what you -wish. .But, speakingof furs, do. you know that quite ..near, here there is a large storehouse I s * "Oh, yes.; .that .is ; the stock of our .poor neighbours. ' The skins, are the .property of my fellow-sufferers; .WQjQRust not touch thein, not even to further the good cause. ; I hope, however, soon .to. communicate with these poor exiles, and to win them over for our cause. I have several • times.alxeady sent emissaries to them." lennr-Kus.-smiled. "I to not understand,your scruples. We also hold the property of .a friend sacred, but here t here are only-strangers. However, others are ahead of us. In a village npt far from liere there is a'band of : Tyhguses,,who know this magazine and mean to pkmder it. They bave several time? already gotten" large spoil and hauled it away, safely ; and l have noticed during the day tracks of men's feet'" "At all events Iitlo not mean to have anything to do with that!" In the meantime eveiything had been made ready. But Just then the Siberian beckoned to his companion to -be .quiet; he threw himself down and put his ear. on. the snow. "A post-sleigh 1 I bear bells! We must flee!" he exclaimed, rising. "From which direction is the sleigh coming ?" "From the lakeside." "Then we cannot flee, -because we would meet them. But I must be to-night in the Shaman Valley. Whip the dogs'. Make them gallop! We can pass them like a shadow torses can never overtake ys." Ienar-Kus clacked witfe his ioggue; the ^ogs flew. The traces of their -sKiall feet oould barely bo seen on the hard snow, and the 6leigh was jerked to «ad fro. The narta lodked like a supernatural creajture flying like An arrow over the plain, like one of the spirits of tiie North which the Tunguse worship. Wrapped up in their furs, their caps puBed down over the ears, the two huntsmen est dose iby each other never uttering a sound. The Ibells come nearer. Soon Ienar made out a .sleigh with four horses. The animals Kink-half into the snow and the >ieigh made little progress. "Go onl" said the Russian. "They have lost their -way. Well pass them like a ghost." Ienar-Kus repeated the clack of the tongue and the dogs redoubled their efforts. The stars shed a pretty fair light over the snow-covered plain, and every dark point contrasted vividly with the whiteness of the pall. About 100 yards off the postillion saw the narta and cried "pfop arui sjipw us the way!" The hunters paid no attention to the cry, and went on. At the same time Jana's head appeared at the window of the -coach, and she; said, "For God's sake, help us, friends! We have lost our way, don't you see." The Russian trembled as he heard Janas voice. He said to his companion, " It is only a woman. Let us s top a moment and show them the way by an -arrow. I do not want to be recognised. My voice might betray me. In the meantime Palkin's face become visible behind Jana. "Will you stop, instantly! he shouted. "You scoundrels. Obey the orders of a Colonel of the gendarmes.' The narta had already passed the coach, and the postillion said to the Colonel, "They are natives who do not understand Russian." But at that moment the narta stopped. The Tunguse rose, jput an arrow on his bow and shot it in the direction of the forest; then he whistled loud, %ndin an instant the little sleigh was lost to sight. "These rascals !" cried Palkin. "Now they shoot at us." • "Excuse the man, -your Excellency, said the postillion; "that is the way for those people to tliow the way; we must meet a colony in the direction in which an arrow was sent off." , „ "Well then, whip your horses and goon. The horses now brought the heavy carriage around and started in a different > direction. For an hour already, the, Colond had been "driving abouton- jthe^plairi; for ail houi- ago the postillion had told the Colonel that he had lost .his. way. Jana was indespair because die' was .Very anxious to reach lrkutsjr. When. the <jolonel, however, represented to her that itjfrould be better to await the, morning in come colony than to use up their own strength and that of the horses, she. yielded. After a. considerable time the postillion at last cried,' "We are near the forest. - I see the road, again." ; - . Deepsilence reigned in the coach. _ Jana looked^ all around the vast plain, hoping to discover traces of a human dwelling. Thus, they reached the forest. Of a sudden the Colonel turned to his companion, and looking at her with passionate eyes, he said, "Countess, you surely do not know , the power of your beauty." The eyes of the gendarme glowed like will-othe-wisps in the dark coach, and Jana drew back frightened. Hey had made so; long a journey together, and Palkin had ever' treated her with so much respect and esteem that Jana had become quite reassured, and now also sought to give his words a laughable turp. ".I have heard that so often. But let us drop idle compliments and rather think how we shall escape out of this predicament." "Compliment! They are no compliments, but the expression of a feeling that overwhelms me. ."Thenyou ought to suppress it. In our relative position you caunot speak of such . things without" " You think so? Do you imagine that a ; man because he is a gendarme has no feelings which a magically charming being must arouse in every heart. Do you think we can with impunity remain near you because we have authority" The coach was driving into the forest, the birch trees and the larches stretched out their bare branches into the air as if they were skeletons. Jana began now seriously to fear, as a glance showed her Palkin's eyes glowing with a strange fire, and his face burning red. Retiring into the farthest corner of the coach she said, "Colonel, what is it ?" " What is it ? I must at last confess that I love you! I Iniow you are an honest woman and will scom me. Nevertheless" "What do you mean ? Are you out of your senses! Stop postillion !" cried Jana in perfect anguish. ""You call in vain! The postillion as well as all these people whom you see are sold to me. They will obey mei only. You call, therefore, in vain. He has purposely .lost his way, because I ordered it. ""Help! save me! What shall I do, poor woman that I am ?" "I told you you would call in vain. Don't you see how calm I am? I love you, I repeat •it once more. In a few hours we shall be in , Irkutsh, and then I shall be for ever cut off from you. If you were to die I might forget you; but to live and to see you"—— At this moment the sleigh stopped. A shed was visible between the trees, at which the postillion stopped. He jumped down from the box and opened the door. Jana breathed again and quickly got out. "Here we are at last," said the man. "I • must take the horses but, but in the meantime Countess will find so many skins in the house that you will be warm there." "Postillion," said Jana to him, "do not leave me. Follow me and do not go away one moment." Palkin laughed scornfully. Jana leant on the arm of the postillion, who looked at her amazed. The huge shed seemed to be quite empty. In the corners furs of reindeer, bears, wolves, foxes, and sable were heaped up. Jana sank breathless on a pile of furs. "Remain here, my friend," she said to the postillion. "If your horses run away, I'll pay -for them. You vourself shall be richly rewarded if you will not leave me." • Jana saw Palkin enter, "Leave me," she said to him. "This good man will surely protect me." . Palkin turned to the postillion. " Take your horses away at once, and do not return here till daybreak, unless you wish to make me angry. ' The postillion left immediately. Palkin cast a fearful look, full of bitterness and scom, at the Countess. ''Postillion!" she called after the man— when suddenly she stopped, full of astonishment. A strange commotion became perceptible under the pile of furs, and a sudden light illumined die shed. The Colonel crossed himself, terrified as he saw wolves and bears come up against him. Soon the furs fell off, and lantern;, kept concealed until now, shed a better light, and forty colonists surrounded Palkin and Jana. "My wife!" exclaimed one of them. " Colonel, how did you get here ?" The officer, whose presence of mind never left him, whispered into Jana's ear, "Keep silence, for your husband's sake!" In. the Consett district there is a parrot which, among its other accomplishments, has acquired a remarkable flow of language. Recently, in passing the house of its owner, a Novocastrian stopped to -view the parrot, which-was holding an animated conversation with the maid at an open window. Espying the stranger, the bird, evidently taking him for a.native of the land o' cakes, began vociferating at the top of his voice, "Oatmeal Sandy! Beggarly Scot, beggarly Scot!" "Thou's a leer—aw's a Tynesider," retorted the Novocastrian. " Warse and warse!" screeched the parrot. A company of travelling tragedians were acting in a wooden theatre at Burnley, in Lancashire. The Hamlet of the company, a big, ponderous, bass-voiced man, who had all the appearance of solidity and family virtuousness, was as. a matter of fact a gay and graceless ; Lothario, and it was known that his wife—a tall, lean, wiry, bony woman—used to beat him unmercifully for his treachery. One evening, after an escapade of particular wickedness, he was playing Hamlet. He was reciting, " Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt, thaw, and resolve into a dew," when a strident voice came from the pit, " Doan't thee wish for thaat, John. Theell find it warm when the ode woman get's o'd o' thee. She's a waitin' for thee wi' th' fire shovel and th' coal hammer !" Hamlet did not finish his soliloquy with anything like his .usual intensity. 