% fiEMEBAL WEWS 'Thb'Dbfbnob Pobob.— V^e are advised that' -Sergeant-Ma]pr Anderson will visit the following places to impart drill instruc- , tioa; to. the various corps:— April' 26, Cohara; April 28, Campbell Town; April 29, Ross ; April 30, Oatlands ; May 2,. Both well : Mav 3. Hollow Tree: May 6, Avo'ca ;' Ma#7,'St. Mary's ; May '8, St.' Helen's;. May , 9,'Gould's Country; May,10,,Blue Tier; May 12i ' Moorina ? May ,13, Derby ; , May lit , Scottsdale. The sergeant-major; will -.be present in the evening of i the above dates, and members are requested to put: in an appearance.' ? '-??? '- ???'?-? ' , _? t ,. ?'Nbw Business.— In Central ? St. John «treet;'on those' premises which were for many years in the occupation' of. Mr W; C.' Joscelyne, Mr W. Gardiner has established, a'newwotchmn.kingand jeweller's business.: The new shop is. unique' in the way of flfrfj tingsVarid . the workshop is supplied withaj class of i machinery quite, new to Lauucesr. ton. Mr Gardiner is a skilled London trades man, and from, Press notices showriusis evidently well versed in all branches of his' calling. For a long time he conducted a successful business in'Ne w Zealand; but the, climate 'drove him to ^ the more, t genial' shores of Tasmania, i , where he has, siricej he' commenced business in. ?Launceston,' been very well satisfied with' the support -he has received;.; His window is a model of neat ness, and. is quite a feature in that part: of the. street. ?. ? . . ; v ??'.?? -?? '-???? *'?'? - ?!?? \- Nobth Bsk Boad Tbust.— The ; annual meeting of landholders - of the North Bsk Koad Trust was' held at the White','Hills on Saturday last, when Mr Bobert Stevenson was. appointed chairman , of .the meeting. \- A'poll was then, tdkeii, and 'resulted in the election of '/Messrs.; 'George C. Swan and Henry ,'Bowe Trethewie as trustees in the place o£ Messrs. John Trethewie i (retired) and E, Gibson. . ? . ??'?- ? ?'? !- -' i Main Linb Bail-way ? Appbal Case.—' It is now finally decided ' (says ' the Mer cury) ? that ' the Attorney-General shall go Home to represent the colony in the appeal to the Frivy'Couhcil on the Main Line case.: Mr i Clark's berth has been taken in the K.M.9, Carthage, which leaves 6n!Mdy 10. Should '.his Court work'/ here, be .finished 4arly, he will go byw.ay' of Sydney, other-, Wise he will join the steamer at Melbourne. or , Adelaide. Already f the , Government; Have retained the ..English Attorney General (Sir B. Webster), and Sir Horace Davey.Q C;1, bothleading lights in -the pro fession: i The precaution of retaining two emiuent' barristers, is to guard against acci dent. '; Should/one1 be indisposed or unable from .other causes, to attend; the ,colpriy' will not' be left in the, lurch for a leader, as! the t'other; , 'will be available. ? Probably anbttier junior .will be engaged. \ .Nothing: is'.knbwn'yet as to the counsel engaged1 by the company, .but no doubt; Mr ; Fookes, Q.C., will be among them. ? ... ? ' iNiBBOOLONiAii Stock Cootbubncik.— At the intercolonial stock conference held, in Melbourne in November last, 'Mr Stirling,' the' chief Jin'spectpr of stock for: Victoria, was authonsed^o draft a code of regula tions r, regarding-, the;i: importation of stock into Australasia, so -that the1 colonies,,,, mighty be, ;guided; ,., by,j uni fgrmTl'regulatipns.ii-jThis,' was] subse-/ queritlyidone,- and a copy, of j the.- draft 'was' sent ito- all ithe colonies; . lOn'Friday 'Mr Stirling 'received a;; letter frohy the:'Tas manian Government' intimating ''that, they; had agreed to: the/regulations ' as drafte'di but none of' the other, 'colonies have yet' intimated their decision iii the matter., , *,' u?ThbVBijod Thbatbb:— With ev^ry ?? ?&&} spatch. the' work of renovation at .the Bijou Theatre',1 St. John-street; is.'proce'eding.'and old Lauricestbnians would hardly know the. place' now.,' Mr Frabm, the scenic artist, is' busy'flhishing . the 'proscehiurix decoration, and hdVchoseri d beautiful, Italian .picture for a drop scene. The ceiling and walls are ' almost finished, and by -next week: the opera chairs,, which: are to 'be seatedrin scarlet plush, will be placed in position; We' understand the Coghills,1 who' will bring with, them the great Slade, Murray, will'nav'e the honor of ; opening 'this 'petite place.' of amusement. ' , .{ ? i i iiipoBTATioN of a-PbizB' Bito..— Mr Jbhn'.Taylor; of Wintori, Campbell Town;* importediby the s.s.- Burrumbeet from-'MeK liournecnl8thinstthep'rizebulVBon Accord; Wnich'!has!1 taken several 'prizes at the various shows oh the continent of 'Australia, and its introduction into Tasmania' will prove a valuable addition' .to .the,, prize cattle of the colony. Its latest success was at the Sydney show held last we&k;, where it was awarded second prize. It is- ' under stood that. Mr Taylor paid a high price for the animal, and intends, after its liberation from ^'Middle 'Isldnd, (where, under .the existirig'regulatforis. it has 'to' be qudranf. tinedfpr six months), .using it for breeding purposes. Bon Accord is by Lord .Warden out of 'Minerva 22nd. byJ3ir James. Bubnib.— Our correspondent wrote on Tuesday :-— Ari': inquest was held- here to day:before Mr A'; '& 'Chapman; coroner, on the late fire. . ' Sir C. H. Hall, was fpremanjof the ' jury, and . only/, two' ..witnesses were examined, Mr and Mrs M;Neece.- According t6';the,evidencei:giyen it appears that:the fire first broke but; in the dining-room close to the fireplace. An open verdict was re turned.'-^The funeral' bf the late;Dr.; Thps.. ? Wilson1 topk'pliue to-day, and was attended by.large'numbers.^f the residents of jthis place.' Deceased . was, buried^in the cemetery at Sbmerset.^The weath'er,, during the.last two' or '.three, days has been simplytmag niflcent. ' ,' //..,. '.. , - \ ...- ,- ???- -i .- ; Honobb i;6b,1'a,Tabm:a.nian.-— A.t ,the in stance of Baron Ferdinand ,Voji Mueller, K.C.M.G., of (,yictoria, ;the Gaoloeical Society of , Bhgland have recognisedj the valuable ;'seryices, of L Mr .T. B. Moore, of Strahan.'ds anexplbier, and have, elected him a'.'Fellpw of'.the Society. There are ?very' few other Tasma'nians holding, this position at the present, time. MrMopreas ah3p a life, member of the Australian 'Geo logical Society, a Fellow, of thei.Epyal Society of Tasmania, and a member of ,the Australian Society for the Advancement.pf Science;','.' ' ' , . ' ., .- ?..ii'.--:),'i , Dbay-Aooidbnt.— An .old , man who' was driving' a horse attached to a dray laden with chaff and straw met with an- un- pleasant accident in Cameron-street on riaturday morning/ The horse swerved' to one side suddenly,1 and the driver lost hie balance, and was thrown heavily on to the road/striking the back of his, head. , ,,The shock stunned him ? for some .moments, when' he, was. assisted ; to. the kerbstone, ?vvhere heiBa't down for a, few minutes: ,The result, was ?riot very ^ seriousi for in a, short space of time he was enabled' to continue driving' his dray,' apparently little th( worse for the accident. , ^'Pabliambotabt Sopiara.— The usual, weekly meeting 'of the Launceston Parlia-! mentary Debating Society wa3 held' at ' the1 Mechanics' . Institute on 18thjiust. . ' The Speaker (Mr J. B; Waldron) took the chair at7'39 o'clock. There was a good attend-' nnce of members, and the space 'allotted to , .visitors was fully occupied. The Treasurer1 (Mr J. V. Sullivan) ? gave notice of motion' on behalf of tbe Attorhey-Geheral (Mr. G. C.' Qilinore) to appoint delegates to'Jthe: National ? Federation Convention, ' and tabled the' ofSoial reports of the'de-1: hates' and proceedings of the recent con iference. ; The .Minister ? of Ltinds (Mr ? F.; .Tysbni jun.) continued the addressrin-reply,; ;and was folio wed 'by Messrs. P. Bi Dugan,' |A. M'Donald, W. Hill, ,M. B. Bobinson, W. |F. Watheni'B. H. Price; and D. H. Connolly; the Premier (Air Alex.- Webster) replying on ithe debate in1 a lengthened and an exhaus-1 jtiye sptsech. The Chief Secretury (Mr R; L; Parker) gave riptie'e to move thdt 'consent !bo given to. allow the. Attorney-Genera'V to1 iproceedtb'Eagldud; arid the Treasurer an [nounced that' the- business for the next i meeting 'would be the second reading of the Intercolonial Judgments Bill; and reso lutions re the federation 'question' and i sending the Attorney- General home. ; High Jinks.— the ,yard': in1 connection 1 with the ' due biori' mart of r Messrs!, VV.J T. Bell, presents a' lively arid 'busy 'scene 'every Saturday morning when the sale of horses, etc.,is about, to commence,' but ldst'Sat;ur7 day one of the animals contrived to make ] the scene a little too animated., .A horse, which 'of' course had many qualifications to ' commend' it to purchasers,' was being;led prior to being offered for salfy when ;i6 broke loose. .The sense of freedom experienced in thus obtaining' his liberty wiss too much f pr( him1 to 'contain himself, ;and' with several bpunds, kifaks,' arid /playful littlejumps, he^ created much, consternation ;' amongst , the , crowd, who, dispersed, in ..all; directions, ? while; the brute careered about. uBven tually the horse was re- captured and put up forsale', but the overflow of spirits dis-i pldyd had' the 'effect' of ' deterring ; would-be purchasers from .biddirig' freely.1,' ' ^PtriJLiq TBNDBBS.-^-The1 fbllowirig^ ten-,' ders ,hdve' been, accepted by the Public; Work's Depdrtnient:— Bridge over. South Esk,- near. Evaridale railway station, W. J. Duffy,: £1037 « 8s 8d;' road, Green's Creek, Heidelberg, towards Fraukford, con-/ tract 1, P. and J. Beston, £633 6s 9d ; road from main road to Bismarck, contract 3, O'Boyle' and:'Cbady,a£185 5a 6d; track, Zeehan to'. Duridas, bridges over Parting arid Jam Creeks, 'B.Tiinb's, £105 ; road^Doak's rpdd, contract' 3,'Bassett, Beeson, and Bas-; sett, £281' '2s 6d,;'.rodd,' Bhyhdastp'n from; railway gatesi northerly, contract 1, W. aiid. J; Booth, £176 103 3d ; road, Sawyer's Creek, road, contract 1-, C. Oates, £94 ; road, Car-, narvorirto Wedge Bay, contract 0, A1. M'Guinness, £140; reserved 'road, Scottsf dale -west, 'leading to'Ca'ptain Holmes' and, others, contract, 1,' Lyons and Pdlin'er,'!£49 143; r6dd,.Long Bay to 'Lynch's. (live] pass- ing places between Strahari' and; the. Forest), contract 1, te. Callaghari, £11 ' 14s 6J;' road, parish -of Kendall and, Gray,. for, the' benefit , of ', Kringle: and others/ H. ' J^ringie/filS-; Post and .Telegraph, Officer 'Bucklond,. re , pairs, T. .'Wright,^ £149 '2s 7d ; sTasmanian : Government ? BailwoEys, J:Olverstone' lina,' i ereotibn'pf '?' cattle yards' arid'lbading' stage ! a't.'jLeith1' stdti'oril'D. ?E3bqon;-£18S;19s-8dV iTh'e.fpllp'yviri'g 'tenderS.'afe ''caWcilVel'j'f^C.' ; Dougherty, for,' b'rid(jea!'ove'r' Parting arid 1 Jain .Creeks, ori itrftck' Zeehari t'6,.Dundas, gazetted, rl8th March, , 1890. ...Hanlbri arid Double, for contract ;1, road Jerusalem to Tunnack via uBurns'. Creek, .gazetted 21st May,' 1889.' Hanlon and Double, for con tract 4, roadsi parish of Hartington, vicinity '. of ! 'Spring- ? Hill Bottom, gazetted; 266h 'No vember,' 1889. ; .'?' .' ' '' ' ::'' j '' ' TisiiANrAN 'Permanent- ExKopTOBS' and' Tbustbbs' Asso.qiATipN.— The' half yearly report. b£ , this' association, to be prer, serited to ^members rat the. meeting, at the Bank of Australasia .Chambers, Lauiiceston,' on the 28th'inst.,: is of a satisfactory nature, orid'.shows .that; it is making steady and: satisfactory ^progress. , The report, states' that the balance to the credit bf; profit arid1 loss -;ori'. the business, for1 the half-year' is. £373 18i) 9d,' which it is proposed to dist'ri-; bute, as follows: -Dividend at the rate of 6 per;C8nt. per annum, £250 ; dividend tax,, :£9 7s'6d; write, off preliminary expenses, ! £60 ; and. ? carry the .balance, £64 ? Us ,3d,: forward. The Hon:i G. P. Fitzgerald has' Joined' the Hobart board in the place' of Mr John Hamilton, and Mr' Edwin' Jacobs has been appointed secretary to that board in place of Mr F. W. Piesse, resigned. The' association is now on a permanent basis ; and although a large volume ;bf- business cannot be shown, it is increasing each half-year, and is gaining public support. That it supplies a long-felt want inrpro-. vidirig ? .perpetual \ find responsible - repre : sentativesis evident, and as the business it1 'undertakes is niore fully understoodit will continue to grow in favor. , '' ! ?'Tinsi .Late: Mb 3. G. Liotlby,— Our 1 Diiriorldn ' correspondent writes :— Qiiite, a, iglooni/has been cast over this .district; 1 through the sad . news- of Air; Lindley's, 1 death at Hobart on the 17th iinstant. , For1 'some years he managed- the Commercial' Bank; at Deloraine,1 where he became a'1 I general favorite through his courteous and' '. genial mauner; and when disengaged at the' i bank was e'ver ready to '.assist 'in :'a good ; cause or a charitable purpose, taking also, a.; i prominent p'art' in all outdoor amusements., ' It was in this way hiB.self-s&eriftcirigitrdit;'s- o£ character, endeared him to' us, all as,a ' community, and his earlyidemiseiis.to-ibe ! deeply, regretted. For- those -who: ore . left* ito mourn their loss we 'express' our1. feel- ings of; heartfelt 'sympathy in their trying bereavement/ '? ? ''''?,,'-' ? ?i':-'J': '. MaiiANCHpiiTf'DEATH,— Our West Deyonf' ?port correspondent wrote on Tuesday: About ; 10 o'clock, thismorning: Mrs David Cocker 'was found,, hanging to her. .bedstead.; Dr. 'Fulton was sent for, and 'upon an examuia i tipri found life to be extinct. The deceased ilddy, had, been very melancholy - for some :time pastii'It' isi needless to saythat the : deepest sympatjiy'is felt for the bereavet ! family,' as they are highly respected by all ?with' ^on5; *n?y. come in .contact.' Our ! correspondent wired 'that night:— An .in quest was'held this afternoon touching' the death of, Mrs Cocker, wlio was aged 57. The /jury.' returned a, verdict ...of ',';Suicide while laboring under temporary insanity.'- ? 'Tasmanian Statutes.'— We have re iceived.'rper favor of Mr 'Frederick- Stops; secretary of the LawDepartmeritiYol. 5 of I 'Tasmanian Statutes,' which include from |47 yic.'(1883)to,52 Yic. (1888), be'sides'cori- , taining the Acts of the Federal Council arid the; Fugitive', Offenders 'Act,' 188i:r. The ! statutes are alphabetic»lly; arranged, jwith i notes, . and are ? prepared .with the {pains taking service which the compDer has observed through the series. ; D'Aboy Bead's Spbotbosoopb;— A novel kind of entertainment is to be given at the Pavilion next /week, uudor the title of !D?Arcy -Bead's Spectroscope, which is said Ito be a much cleverer and more ; amusing ;show. than the. famous Ghost which Mr. 'Bead introduced to Tasmania 12 years ago: Included. iri the entertainment is the great Parisian illusion,'' Calypso,'- which is des cribedas being the mast astounding piece ; of mechanism of its kindyefr/seeri. , ! Thb Lkghslative Council.— Writs have ^een isHued 'for the electoral districts of Buckingham, Macquarie, and South' Esk in !ch'e Legislative 'Council. ? The period of nomination is from Saturday, the 26th', to ;4 p/m;'ori',l$t'prpx., and' in the evfent of .'more, than one person, being nominated a jpbll will be taken on'May/6., ',,';'/ . , ; A MABBiAGB/MBMBNTO.-^-There'was on ?view in the window of M^B. Geei'ptatibner, Charles-street1, .on, Saturddy;;a handsomely ' illuminated '/address;, which/ has,ibeen', pri ' serited to Mrs, Hdrris,: n6e Miss Price,,by tbe 1 trustees of the Wesleydn.Church, Patterson street, where, for^a'number, of ^years, she officiated as organist, as a memento, on the occasion of her) marriage 'and her' conse- quent resignation oE the post. The address, which is nicely framed aud; the 'work of MrJamesSteBr,'isBiglied' by- the''Eev. F. Nedle, Supeririteridenii Minister, arid' Messrs. F. Hart, and Richard Sampson on behalf of itheit^ustee.ii/arid aftyr copamentiiig , eulo- listicaU'y, upon the past- SBryices 'of; Miss Price, poiiics out what a loss the, mmical : portion, -.of-, the serviceswill sustain by her. resignation of' the 'post she had; hold so .long with such credit, .to herself aud so much pleasure to the officers and congrega tion of the church. ;A written copy of the address, accompanied by. a handsome full i morocco', bound : edition of Wesley's Hymns : with: music, was forwarded to the recix*ieriti, I and the illuminated address will' be ? sent in 1 a, few ' days. ''.The congregation also pre sented Mrs. Harris with a silver teni and I coffee .service,- jvhichiw.is forwarded by Mr [ Jphn Hart on their behalf, - . ? . pisooraiiY of' Hew Caves.— Some new 'caves to which the'name ' Simbardl,' from.' , two words denoting/. 'hollow' and ' bigi' were explored during the.last few days by ? a' party consisting of .Messrs. J. H! Sale, H. jE. Martin,,J. S.Eitchie'. and C.,,E, Ritchie, and, from reports brought to town there is every hope that a new natural beauty spot 1 has been discovered which will be a further .incentive- to . the ' continental visitor to extend his hitherto somewhat ' fleeting visit', , The above partyjleft town on Sdtur day'morning f lilly equipped' for' burrowing . into ,Vhatj' one of their !numb0r. had beeriin ifdrmiid'. was an/, entirely, new discovery. Upon arrival at Delordine they, transhipped themselves and gear .into ? a two-horse break,; which conveyed them to a hospitable j selector'a hut for an all-night camp; utilising the horses to 'pack nut in the morning. They arrived at the ' ' Siriibarii '? : enti drice shortly alter 9 a.iri., well' wdrmedup for their work. [Their .guide led the. , way to a small hole f rained with dense ' musk scrub, arid the party at once stopped into a small chamber, in ., which, the .intactnesa of the, stalactites showed ;thati there had buen no former .viflitors. J Enlarging a1 hole at one- extremity i the- explorers' for cad' their .way!. into aMarger 'chamber; in 'which'-the roof ' and 'floor formation' met; : on all sides, 'arid though beautiful, to gaze at, gave rib hope' of further^advarice.'^hen: suddenly one of the party' felt some wet sand, at one' side give; arid heard ,the stones.rumbling away be^pw. Lowering .themselves i down .by 'a rope' ladder the,. party, found a large vault', hung witli/ stalactites in, many shapes, and pushing on, passage after passage opened up, branching n here : and. there into large chamb'ersj' in, which/ the ornamentations were of the inbst fanciful kind.. One mem ber had'' ^visited :the',,.j Jenplan'.',! Caves some 'time !hefpre,, and' .'. states 'that he saw nothing there in stalac tite or 'Stalagmite formation so fancifully varied as: in these new Simbara'i. wonders o£\ nature, though' much - of the 'country passed through was of a very uninteresting character. ? The whole' day was occupied'in traversing the cave,1 which was apparently in two/large branches ;'arid then pressed for time' the party retraced their steps, block; ing up the entrance to prevent !ariy,destruc-: tion of the beauties within.uutil, they could return again and . with, more time at their disposal thoroughly, explore, all recesses. They returned to'town yesterday morning bruised and miiddy, but well pleased with their trip, ' and believe that' tbere are miles of unexplored caves still in the Chudleigb. district, arid that 'a little systematic work would place cave country, foremost of any thing of the kind in Australia. I . M.,;Bbnan. oHjiCremaition.— - The. Archr: bishop of Paris reoently issued instructions - to his clergy commanding them to condemn the practice of cremation; which he regards as, the 'triumph, of Materialism 'over re ligious ? Spiritualism.' : M;'l;Erne'8t -Behari; thinks that this pastoral letter/ is in con formity with true Christian doctrine. He points out'that thegreafdread of the early Christians was lest ,;their bodies, should be torn by the wild bedets or burned, after death.' .f'For myself,' ;addsM. Kenan, 'as, I do not believe in the resurrection of the ? body as the dogma of the Church describes it, ' it matters very ' little' to me in what way my. body 'may be1 disposed.of'when I airi dead,' Wtietherit be burned or buried, pr consumed by ! '. the, birds of the . air or the, ; beasts pf'.the'rieid; is/'to'iriea matter of.th^ most; complete indifference.; Mv objection.: to cremation' is that it .must be very painful to' the feelings of the survivors. Burial is sa'd enough ; but how much sadder is burn ing!' ;'?, ? \ ; ^ '_ ;?;;???/ , :'; ;\, 'Moemonism; — Mrs Susa 'Young Gates, a daughter of Brigham'Young.'contributes to 1 the -North ' American ^Review a unique article descriptive of family life among the JlbrmoriB; 'Not' one' of the;56 'childferi born i to Brigham, Young, she.explains, was halt; lame,' or blind, all being, perfect in body and of. sound mind . and intellect. The writer's enthusiasm of polygamy 'hardly kndws bounds,' arid the' Mormon women are aaid !Co;'be working -grandly at- the sex Iproblem of ; the 19th i century. They are beginning' to 'move, out- on independent I lines' of business, of art, and: of the pro fessions. 'Their iriatitalrelatibns make this i an'easy matter.' :The woman will' 'always be. the' head and genius of the home; but whettier it is' a 'corollary that she' shall for leverr wash dishes ^and^BCrub floors has I become a grave question. The. rapid pro gress, of the,°age flrids'ready;!disciple8 in ! Hbrinbn/., wives, who „? feel the'. natural' i crdving for home life and/children satisfied; yet withalvhdve ample, .time. for. .the de^ velopment and cultivation of every faculty within them. Thb Bible Society.— Having., in the course of ,86 , years v expended/ ,ten - millions sterling upon -the ' dissemination^ in many tongues, of the Holy, Scriptures,- the'British and Foreign Bible Society,,. recently, enter tained its .juvenile agents— chiefly, girls — with a cake weighing as 1 many, pounds as the association . , itself, : numbers birthday anniversaries. : After the, exhibition of 1 a magic lantern and some , appropriate re marks delivered by an, eloquent. dignitary of the Church, this huge dainty, was cut up at the headquarters 1 of the society, in. ;ueen Victorin-street, and .distributed in thickly-sugared, wedges to the - youthful collectors in the metropolitan area. There were only 35 translations of the Bible ex tnnt in-1804, when the society .was iiwti tuted. Now there are nearly 800, counting dialects as well as languages. The children. ' took the cake ' in the society's library, wherein is displayed the finest collection of bibles in the world. Thb Wondbbb of; tub, Gbbat Dhbp.t The second volume , of,, the ''Beport on the Scientific Results' of -the Challenger's voyage has recently, .been published, and fsays an English journal) it, is no whit less interesting than its predecessor.. The deep ssa is full of wonders. There are fish living 2G0O fathoms down ;. . some /blind; others almoHt eyeless,,- which, are so compressed frpm the weight of the water, that whon brought to the surface their bodies expiud. Three miles down there is no light and no change of temporature. Being,- no light tbere is.no vegetable. growth, and the fish feed on, each otbsr-^at: le'ast, so many of them as have teeth probably do ho. Those without teeth, no doubt,. feed: on nnimal culre. From Professor.. Tait's experiments it seems that at. a dopfch of . six miles the sea is compressed about 62O.feet. May this compression long: continue; for should it cease something like^OOO.OOO square miles would be inundated; ' .'?:.' v Sir Gbobgb Elliott, Babt.— This gay old baronet who has fallen into the toils of a charmer; who, according to our cables, claimed j£5000: damages, but on:which sub ject the jury were unable to agree, repre sents the Honmouth district in -the Con servative interest, and ie 75 years of age. The Pall Mall Gazette ? gives..- the following account of the baronet : — Sir George Elliott is a ' celebrity ' who is best'khown not in Wales, but ' at home,' in 'Durham county. He raised himself from the position of pit man to that of colliery manager under the Lady Londonderry* .the friend of ilisraeli, and with a man of his 'shrewdness, ability, and tenacity of purpose, his accession to the ranks of the' colliery ? proprietors of Durham^ was a natural sequence of his early good fortune. 'He-sat in Parliament for the Northern Division of Durham for' a' number of years, but ''the 'boriuie pit laddie' was early 'found out' by the1 the working men of the -county,' and despite his huge electioneering expenditure (the heaviest in the country at one time), he ultimately- discovered 'that''; hope of his return ? for- his native . county was im possible, and he has at last found' Parlia- mentary refuge at Newport, where now his-, chief colliery- interest is situate. 'Besides his connection with ;the 'collieries;! 'Sir George ^Elliott is largely':'/ .interested'} in ? |cables,andheisalsocb'ncernedinthefprtunes !of Egypt— which ought to be identical, ' iri 'his opinipn;;with that' of large /contractors. - Sir George- Elliott iwaa~iyi great favorite o£ Lord Beaconsfleld.'. It'was'he/'it'is. said,' who was responsible for 'the '-' barometer of chemicals' — dndi'it'was at one'tirne ex pected that the late chief of the Conserva tive partywould send him-aap tb'trie House of Lords. He ' will 'support any measure ; which would give to Ireland1 ample powers of administering her local affairs.' He was : born in 1815. ..:?-.- ??' - ? ?' ? Thb Latb Genbbal Elphinstonb.— ? The melancholy death at .sea of General iElphinstone has (siys an'English journal) occasioned profound ' expressions' of regret in a very wide circle,'including the Roydl': Family itself. The' gallant General; who;: together with Lady Elphins'tone1 and his; 1 daughter, was d pdisenger from Plymouth ? to Teneriffe on board the New' Zealand ' Shipping Company's steamer Torig'ariro,, was, it appears, swept overboard and drowned on the night of March 8, shortly after the vessel left Plymouth Sound. Previous to his departure for Teneriffe he had been suffering from severe illness, which confined him to bed, but he had so far recovered as to be enabled to undertake a voyage, in which he was accompanied by his wire and eldest daughter; their inten tion being to bring home another daughter, who had been staying at Teueriflefor the , improvement of her health. Their two youngest children were left with Lady Elphinstone's mother. The deceased was the son of Captain Alexander Elphinstone, iBN.j and was born at'Biga in 4830.', He I was educated abroad and at the Millitary Academy, Woolwich, and: entered the Eoyal Engineers in 1847. He servedin the Crimea during the Eussian War .up to the ? fall of Sebastopol. He received the Vic toria Cross for bravery displayed during ithe attack at the quarries; ?: At the assault 'of the1 Eedan he was severely wounded. By order of the Secretary of State for War he prepared ah 'Official Becord of the 'Engineer Operations before Sebastopol.' He'-was made an Aide-de-Camp to the : Queen with the rank' of colonel in 1877, 'having six years previously been made a Knight Commander of the Bath.-i: Sir Howard commanded the Bbyal Engineers at Aldershot from 1831' to' 1886. He be came a major-general in. 4887, and was : last year given the command of the Western District. From 1859 to '1871 he was gover nor to- the Duke of Connaught; On the Duke attaining his majority Sir Howard was ' appointed comptroller and treasurer of the Prince'shousehbl'd. The' intelligence1 of his death was received with the deepest regret by the ftueen arid Bbyal Family.. Sir Howard was the guest of the Queen at Windsor Castle only a few dayB previous ' to his departure*- .and1 , dined with Her Majesty at the ?Palace/ ???''? Bills opCpsisi— iiayyer's bills of costs have always '.been the subject , of much ridicule and' bitter plensantry. None of the bills told of in truth.'or' 'fiction; how ever, quite' equal/onewtiich.ihas recently been occupying the individual attention of the recipierit and /varibus. Supreme Court registrars at Auckland (says a New Zealand exchange). This' particular account was rendered to certain natives, and the amount of it was only £6000. .The exact language used by the natives when they received: this bill has not been presefyed for historic reference, but -there is reason -to. ^believe that it ; was expressive and free. Subse quent investigation 'by registrars- led to -a sum of £4600 being;. :knocked: off; :. and the amount of the bill as it now stands (subject to further reduction) is £1400. .Thb- Books of. the Land 'League.— A Chicago.paper publishes a- letter from a Mr Michael Corcoran, now at Lincoln, Nebraska; who states that on January 18, 1883, ilr Patrick Egan. left '.at! bis office, in the Hibernian Bank, in Dublin, a parcel of 'Land League books, which the writer do« clares he found on his desk, with a note from Mr Egan, saying, V Kindly take charge of this parcel. There is no trenson in it. It is only some League books and papers which: I don'c care to give the Castle people the satisfaction of inspecting.' Mr Cor coran adds : ' On the day on which ilr Patrick Eg.in left Ireland he came to my offiC8, gave mo £300 in Bank of England notes, and asked me to give him gold, saying, ' I do not want. to attract attoatioa by going to the cashier. Say it is for a' friend who ia going to travel.' E#an then went out, saying that he would return in a couple of hours. Of course I sow that if it was risk for him it was a risk for the aider and abettor of his escaping observa tion, ? but pity for him and natre'd of Englurid made me agree on the impulse of the moment, and I gave Egan the gold when he returned. ? Later on I directed that the cheques of the League in my keeping as manager of: the bank should be, burned. It was my own thought, and I received no suggestion to do so from any one. If there was a fault, it was mine.' Komantio.— It is repoited (says on' English journal) that the Countess Sarolta Vay is dying iuPeathond that her pranks and eccentricities are over for ever. The Countess ia a daughter of Count Ladislas Vay von Vayn, an. Austrian noblemnn, and vtys bom 27 ye:ivs ago. She was the first child borne by her mother, who had been childless for nine years after marriage, and her father had been so keenly anxious for an heir that mother and ''nurse agreed to conceal the sex of the child from him, and represent little Sarolta as a bay. The de-; ception was persevered in, ' arid Sarolta wore boy's clothes, learnt to fish, hunt,1 shoot, and play all boyish games. When she was 14 her mother gave birth to a real boy, and thereupon confessed her deenp tion to her husband, who took it calmly, and ordered Sarolta to assume the garb of her sex. Then the difficulties of the family began. Misb Sarolta absolutely declined to' become a girl, continued' her ma'e dress and, her practice of manly sports, and begged to be sent into the army. When she was 21 she left home and began the life of a fast young man, fought three duels with men who laughed at her for her sex; and eventually made love to and married a beautiful young girl callsd Marie Englehardt, whose large fortune was de signed to pay her creditors. Then the swindle was 'discovered, and the Countess Sarolta was sent to prison. On coming out she 'declared her ' intention of giving up fast life arid leadirig henceforth a quiat life with ' her' dear wife.' The latter, strangely enough, is 'devoted to har female1 husband, and asks nothing better thun to be her companion for life. But the Coun tess' heslth is now 'broken down, and hor chequered career draws near its close. SXE MOBVILLB WBAX ALL, BABT. — A social meeting of leading temperance workers, etc.', was. held at the Hobart ppffee Palace on 'Thursday evening, says' the Mercury, for th'e 'purpose of meeting this gentleman, whpJ: has for. several years past worked -in the i.eause oE ' temperance and social reform in' the east of! London. After partaking of acbld collation together, Mr Alderman Crouch' stated, the object of the meeting, arid gave the guest of the evening a hearty welcome to Hobart. Short addresses, with a like refrain, and bearing upon temperance work,' past and present,' were given by Messrs'. T. J. Crouch, J. B. Mather, J. Andrews, L. Lodge, J. G. Parker, fl, Hiddlestone, andvEe'v S. T. Withington, .Messrs. J. Mitchell arid T. Wiseman, G.C.T., ana G. Sec. respectively, spoke on behalf of the Good Templfir Order, and Mr G. T.' Taylor, D.S., on behalf of the Bechabites. Sir Morville wdrriily thanked those present for the hearty welcome accorded ,to him, and stated that if he could in any way assist in making the forthcoming meetings in connection with the opening of the new Temperauw Hall a success, he would be . most happy to do so. We understand that Bir Morville W. N. Wraxall, Bart., is ex pected in this city next week, and will give a series of lecture's on various subjects, some of which will be illustrated with dis solving views. , We learn that he bas been interested for some time in the great work carried on in the east of London by Mr F, Charrington, and any proceeds of his lectures arising out of free contributions will be forwarded to London. Sir Morville is an ardent temperance advocate, and we can only hope that he may be able to give the temperance cause in this city a lift up, iand chaer the hearts of those who persevere in their efforts to raise their fallen brothers and sisters, The opening lectures will be given in the Memorial Church, Wellington street, and will ' be on ' Personal Be miniscences of the Indian Mutiny,' and ' Underneath the Surface ; or Life in the East of London.''' Fur.ther announcements will be made of future meetings. Sir Mir ville will be the guest of JIrs Beed during his stay here. 1 London Tbaffic— Some very remark able figures were published in the report which has recently been submitted to the London General Omnibus Company, and 'are summarised by the London Daily Tele gi'dph, which writes :-r-' In the last bix 'months bf the year which has now closed, lit appears that one line of omnibuses alone '.carried as many' as 54, millions of people. iEiich vehicle engaged in doing the work !of the London General Omnibus Company earned as much as £400 in six months, at an average fare of lid a ride. Let us ! roughly suppose that the other great com Ipeting company— the Boad-Car Company— 'was equally successful in its traffic, and we already reach - the gigantic total of 108 million passengers. Even so, however, we, have hardly done justice to the wayfaring public.' We ought to add the number of those who travel by tramways, without including in bur reckoning the hirers ?of private omnibuses. Taking some 40 j millions to represent those who fall under ! the last-named categories, we get at ! last to conclusions' which are stupendous in their magnitude: In about 26 weeks I passengers by conveyances which come I under the general designation of ' public 1 carriages' do not 'fall far short of 150 millions, each passenger probably paying sums which vary from one hulfpenny to 'threepence. How. is it possible to realise I what these vaguely portentous numbers mean? If one company makes £680,000 in, 1 12 months, then, in all probability, the. ' enormous sum of £1,600,000 is made out of the public in a'year by journeys which are paid in pence and halfpence.' Temperance Wobk— The Rev. . Canon Wilberforce is now about closing a mission in India. The Hampshire Independent publishes an interesting, letter which tells of the prosecution of work ? under con ditions and circumstances that few men ?would combat. ' Rising from his sick couch to speak at a meeting in Calcutta, the Canon found himself all too weak to' do what he wished, yet he must have made an extraordinary impression upon his audience. After one of his masterly ora tions on the subject of temperance, there was a scene never to be forgotten. Dusky Mohammedans and Hindoos crowded to the pledge cable, and nearly 800 pledges were taken I Back to his sick bed the Uanon had to go ere a tithe of these promises were received, but it must have been with a feel ing of thankfulness that he lay there and thought of the outcome ot tne meeting, ana of its far-reaching results.' Sib Chaulks Dilkb on Austhalia.— Sir Charles Dilke, in the ccurse of a lecture delivered before the Cobden Club on ' The British Empire in 1890,' recently expressed the opinion that great things might result from the Australiau Federation Conference next January, and he was sure that every one would welcome Australia among the State3 of the world. Australia, he went on to say, would be the model of the modern State, for in no part of the world could be found a more general diffusion of intelligence, education, and wealth, and he believed the Australians would keep the lead t!iey had taken. No country was more worthy of study, and few more worthy of imitation. Englishmen might be more proud of the development of Australia Mmn almost; nnv other thine? in the history of the Anglo-Saxon race, and nothing could make the new year of 1800 more bright than the birth of a new Australian nation. ASbvbbb Locust Plague.— Locusts have again made their appearance in large num bers in the Strathinerfcon and Ulupna dis tricts, Victoria (says an exchange on Tues day), where they are doing great damage to young grass, to the serious loss and in convenience of stockovyners, many of whom have been saving their grazing paddocks so tbat a eupuly of winter feed might be assured. A farmer from the districts named furnishes a very doleful account of the state of things. The insects made their appearance five days ago. Prior to that time grass was plentiful, green feed Sin high being visible in many paddocks. Two days after they made their appearance not a blade was to be seen, and sheep aud cattle were nibbling the trees in the ab sence of any other feed. The ground in places is black with the female insects, which are laying their eggs over acres of country, the produce from which, unless destroyed in the in terim, will probably again devastate ithe locality in the spring. Spme of the holes in the ground were examined, and in them were found six and seven eggs. So dense is the flight of the pests that the sun is shaded by them, and travellers on the roads have great difficulty in forcing their horses to face the flying body. Persons who saw the fine growth of grass in some paddocks in the districts named, before the locusts appeared, are struck with the change which has taken place. Lucerne paddocks have been eaten out clean. One farmer in Ulupna had three acres eaten down. A week ago the crop was 6in high. A grazier in the same locality bought 400 head of cattle last week. Now he has hardly any grass to feed them with. Another grazier, with about 2000 sheep, is anxious to clear out his stock, and he has offered them at 6d a head less than he re fused a few days before the locusts reap peared. The plague is described as the most destructive ever experienced in tne northern dif-triots. Intklwgbnt ! — One of the young lions of the London Daily Telegraph has been,' figuratively, 'putting his foot in it.' It would not be easy to make a more lament able exhibition of ignorance than is con tained in the following lines : — ' Australia is a large island, or continent, with central deserts and a colonised coast. There are no transcontinental railways, as in America ; every delegate who joined in the Federa tion Conference came by sea in a coasting steamer. This characteristic of the new land makes common naval defence abso lutely essential to safety. Were a foreign foe to attack South Australia, it would be necessary for New South Wales and Vic toria, the nearest colonies, to send assis tance by sea Short cuts by land across the waste expanse may be eventually developed, but; at present the new nation will be, in fact, a fringe of States along the coast of a vast expanse of central unin habited territory.' England and thb Antipodes. — It has been suggested (says the London corres pondent of thtj Melbourne Argus) that in the non-distant future the greater part of the journey fr im London to Melbourne will be performed by rail. Sir Edward Watkin, of Channel Tunnel fame, is developing 'a scheme. by which it will be possible to travel from London to JBLurrachee by rail, excepting over the Straits of Gibraltar. The trains will be conveyed entire over the straits to Tangier, and there deposited on a railway to run via Algeria and Tunis to Cairo, thence through Syria to Basra, in the Persian Gulf, and thence down the eastern shore of the gulf until it connects with the Indian system. Sir Andrew Clarke is interesting himself in an alterna tive route. Existing lines will carry his traffic to Bitlis, on the Caspian, and from thence he would construct a railway through Persian territory to Askabad. The Russian system would be used to Bokhara, and from there to the most northerly point of the Indian railway system a new line would have to be formed. From Calcutta the projected_ Indo-Burmese-Malayan line II UUJLU L/U UUU1OVU) 1*&*U ?a'U. WUU**WkJ IIU11UU is seeking permission to construct a line across the island of Singapore to the Tobose Straits. By this means London and Singa pore may be placed in early communica tion. The gap between Singapore and Port Darwin must be bridged by steamers, but it is held that with this main break railway communication may be established before very many years between London and Melbourne and the rest of the Austra lian capitals. IS DEAFNESS INCURABLE ? J. H. Nicholson, of 175 William-street, Melbourne, has proved otherwise by mak ing a complete cure of deafness and noises in the head of over 40 years' standing by a simple remedy, and without the use of any 'clap-trap' so-called electro-medication1 treatment. A full description of this remedy, which has cured thousande of other cases of long standing, will be1 sent free on application. — [Advt.]. A Dopion's Fatal Ebrob.— An .inquest was held at the Sheffield Union-; Work house -recently- on the bodies of three in fants under 'five weeks old, ;the' mothers of - whom were inmates of the lying-in ward^ The children- all died in one day, after the administration of., powders prescribed for them by.'Dr. Lewis Hunt, the medical officer of 'the house. Dr. Hunt, in exami nation, admitted' that the deaths were caused by an overdose of opium, due to a mistake 'on his part in writing his prescrip tion. Intending to write ten grains of Dover's ? powder, divided into twenty packets, he unfortunately wrote twenty grains- divided into ten packets. The con sequence of the mistake was that on one of the powders being administered to each of the children it contained a fifth instead a twentieth of a cram of opium, and the former quantity was an excessive dose for infants of so early an age. Dr. Hunt ex pressed his deep regret and pain at- this misadventure, stating that at the time he wrote the pretcription he was suffering himself from neuralgia of the. stomach. The jury returned a verdict of ' Death from misadventure,' and expressed their satisfaction with the manner in which Dr. Hunt accepted the entire responsibility for his mistake. Thb Italian Faster.— Signor Succi, the celebrated Italian faster, who has now subsisted over 30 days on water and pain killer, and is confident of his ability to complete his task of fasting for 40 suc cessive days, certainly counts as one of the phenomena' of the age. He is a short, spare man, of dark complexion, with bright eyes, a nervous manner, with an expression of great energy and determination in his countenance. Power of will,' as he asserts, is really his whole secret ; it is that which enables him to do what he does. Calling upon Signor Succi at his hotel the other raornino; (writes , a representative of the Pall Mall Gazette), I was shown into the smoking-room, where he received me most cordially. ' I ought .to know English,' he began, 'speaking in. Italian, having met so many of your countrymen out in Africa It was there that I fell in with Stanley, near the Voami River, where I was hippopotamus shooting. That was 11 years ago, in my exploring « days,' before I became a phenomenon aud a puzzle to modern science. Why have I come to London? To let English people see what I can do. I intend/to fast in public for 40 successive days, and' during that period I shall fence, swim, have a bout at single-stick ; and on the 40th day I mean to ride on horseback through the streets of London. If I accomplish it this will be my 33rd experiment.' ' How was it that you first came to think of fasting as a fine art ?' ' It was in 1879 when ill with fever at Daresalaam, on the African coaeS, that I first discovered my capacity for ab stinence ; I had fasted for several days, and instead of losing strength I suddenly felt a new force awaken within me which the sustained exertion of my will seemed to increase. It is a power like hypnotism, like galvanism, a power which I have gradually learned to create and control. Solely by my will I am able, to abstain from all foods ; it is a power of will which keeps my brain clear and sustains me dur ing these long fasts. . My will is stronger than my body — there you have the whole secret.' 'But what of your straDge 1 Elixir,' distilled- from African herbs, which is supposed to give you extraordinary Btrength?' 'The ' Elixir* is a very simple one It is a preparation - of laudanum, - which I take merely to soothe the stomach when pain first sets in. It somewhat re sembles chlorodyne, although rather dif erent in taste ana tar more instantaneous in its effect. I only use it as a pain-killer ; it has none of the wonderful properties ascribed to it.' End of thb World.— The latest date for the destruction of the world, or for the next worse thing to it, a war which is to pull Europe all to pieces is (says the Daily Neios of February 18) to occur in the year 1891\. The event may take place this year, but it is better to be on the safe side. This information was imparted to the people of Newcastle on Sunday last by the Rev. Mr Baxter, of the Church of England -a wandering voice of prophecy well known in manv of our larcre Drovincial towns. From a still more attentive study of the Book of Daniel than has been given to it by any of his predecessors, Mr Baxter is ai)le to say that our present peace, which is no peace, cannot possibly last beyond the last-named year. The 7th chapter of Daniel is, it appears, most explicit on this point. The beast of Daniel's vision has 10 horns, and, singularly enough, the image of Nebuchadnezzar, - referred to by the same prophet, has 10 toes. This can only mean that the 23 states which at present flourish; i in Europe areto be reduced to 10. The ' principal business of Europe is naturally to make itself square with the Book of Daniel, and, as that book is at present an old book in a hurry, the 23 will soon be at each other's throats. These un neighbourly relations will continue some three months, in the course of which we shall have tt mourn the loss of many lives and of much treasure. Other decisive events will ? follow with startling rapidity, until, in 1901, all will be peace, and , a blissful world will be ruled from. Jerusalem— as, indeed, according to certain profane writers in France and Ger many, it is now. The precise consequence of the preliminary cataclysm to this country are not foretold; but they will certainly involve some discomfort.; ' The great tornado would sweep away thousands of clerks from their desks, thou sands of assistants from their counters. Millions would bite the dust and be given up to their fathers, and tbe cry . would re sound ' Send for the militia, and send for. the reserve men, bring out the volunteers !' ' It is distressing to learn that when ' col lections were taken to defray the ex penses' of this important announcement they were not all that could be desired, owing to the meagre numerical proportions of Mr Baxter's audience. It is unfortunate that he cannot extend the period of the castrophe. His present reading of the pro phecies is calculated to give careless people a notion that it will soon be over, and to make them comparatively indif ferent to the scheme of spiritual assurance which it seems designed to promote. It has long been known that the tempe rature of deep mines and bore-holes rises the deeper one goes ; and recent observa tions made in a-bore-hole over a mile deep at Schladebach, - near Duerrenb'ers in Ger many, have shown that the rate of increase of temperature in descending ?' is ldeg Fahrenheit for every 65ft. '?''-*? ? ' I 