THE YOUNG FOLKS. JAPANESE CHILDREN. .' Owingto their longesclusiveness, the Japanese race has many peculiarities which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their youth are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. Those young people are intelligent and keen, but they are so much upon the watch for our peculiarities that it is easy to see they are not to the manner born ; they are the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not nruimereri. and netted, and made into hothouse plants. Mothers -work upon what is known as the tougheningtheory. Plenty of life in the open-air, often in a state of nudity and with the head shaved, is the common treatment, la the house babies are left much to their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European home is not seen among the Japanese. Thick mats are almost the only adornment, and that makes a splendid playground for the little children. . . Superstition begins with a child's birth, and, in order to keep.ofi the bogies, its first clothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had -worn previously, the material being dyed sky blue for that -purpose. Among the wealthier familiPB the 'Becord of Ceremony' says that 'twenty-four baby robes, twelve of silk and twelve of cotton, must be prepared, the hems being dyed saffron colour,' and that when the child has been washed its body 'must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed.' '' The next important business is : giving it a name.' The chud is taken to the temple and merely presented there, without any religious ceremony. The father gives three names to the priest, and lie writes them on separate pieces of taper, which are mixed together, and then, with certain forms, thrown into the air. The first that falls is the chosen name. This is written out on paper and given to the child's parents to preserve. The priests at these times are usually very liberally dealt with by parents in the matter of presents, and they are expected to ' keep an acourate registry of the children pre sented at the temple. Then follows a family feast at home, at which time the child receives certain specified presents ; if it is a girl, a potof pomade; if a boy, two fans. In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a long life. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes may be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but they must be left off on the one hun dred and twentieth, which is the time set for weaning the child. There are elaborate^ cere monies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by hand begins then, if the child is a boy it must be fed by a gentleman of the family ; if a girl, by a lady. When a boy U three years old a sword-belt is buckled on. When he is seven he has two smallswords put in it if he happens to belong to the privileged class. Babies always have the head shaved until they are four years old, then three little patches are grown. Children in Christian lands are very fond of hearing stoii-!s like ' Cinderella' and ' Jack rhe Giant Killer,' 'Beauty and the Beast;' and, strange to cay, Japanese babies Have the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some aiso that are peculiar to them selves, like the story of the 'Two Bamboos,' which is here given : By theeide of the bay of Yeddo, on a beauti ful bank, grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, lusty, and strong ; the other graceful, drooping, and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: 'I should like to know what good you are! The smallest breeze makes you bend your head almost double and sigh with pain. Look at me! X don' tears what wind blows or what etorm comes from the sea. I can face them and feel the better for it' The sle --.er bamboo, who was modest and retiring, replied: 'Yes, we are each suited to onr vocation in life. You will be tt stout coolie pole.'1 'Coolie pole, indeed!' snorted her companion, contemptuously. 'Not II nothing but the mast of a junk for me.' MAnd I,' said the slender bamboo, 'I shall be used to decorate a house at the New Year festival, if I'm to be used at alL' ' Don't count on that,' rough! j said the big bamboo. 'They'll make yon into mats or something or other low,. Why, you're fit for nothing else !' As he spoke a strong breeze came in from the sea and made the -whole hillside quiver and sigh— all but the 8 tont bamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say ' Go on : it pleases you and don't hart me,' while the noor little one at bis side bent, and swayed, and groaned to Bee so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twobd-cutters came. ' Orra ! Orra !' they cried. ' Here's a fine fellow for Hinashi's junk !' ' Told you bo,' whispered the big bamboo. ' Now for life ! Anything rather than stop on this bank spend ing the best years of one's life in listening to yourgroanings.' The axes were plied, andjhe fell with a thundering crash; ? I Vmi^r1? ?. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the Village children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and called her their ' Silver Spray.' One day there was a great hullabaloo in the plantation. ' What is the matter ?' asked the bamboo of her neighbour. ' They are going to build a house here for the Prince of Tosa,' replied the tree, ' and we're all to be swept away.' And the next day the wood-cutters came and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the sand were thrown the beautiful flowers and the graceful clusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled and wondered when her turn would come. At length the de stroyers approached her, and a man waa swing ing his axe in the air to give her the fatal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard : 'No ; don't kill Sflver Spray — please don't !' The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they planted heron a bank overlooking the sea. One day a dreadful storm arose, the water was churned into dark-green mountains of waves, and in all directions junks could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. Next morning the shore was strewn with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked in many nlaces. As' the men drasrsed him to the foot of the garden he saw her and said : ' Ah, I wish I had been a coolie pole !' And he was cut up for firewood, but the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when she heard boasting going on around her would often tell the story of her strong, lusty com panion. One or two hundred years ago the old fashioned nurses were not content with telling tales like ' Cinderella' and the like, but there was a whole range of literature like the ' Tale of Lord Lovell,' and the ' Babes in the Woods.' and ' Mary Ambree,' and the ' Witch Mother,' and the like. Hie Japanese children have tales like these and far woras, for, like most heathen nations, the folk taleB are full of ghosts and demons. There is not an operation of nature or a simple act of daily life which has not an association of some weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They are everywhere. They not only appear in the dark, or haunted houses, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, such as hunger, pride, malice, revenge— every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for victims. Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows htm everywhere. Where we merely see sewer- gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghoBt, a queer, grinning old ttihti under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity — it iB not an intangible shadow or a phantom on which you cannot lay hands, but it is a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly that it handles tools, and swords, and two bladed daggers just as effectively as a man ; hence it if a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, powerless ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian hinds. Whatever shows itself to be a power in nature is invested with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a storm fiend that drives it — a malevolent, malicious, destructive, hateful being. One of the Japanese ghosts is a judicious and highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water ; it has horrid arms and claws to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the mouths of wells and cisterns when he thinks of on awful water-sprite which is waiting to drag him down. One of the cheerful ideas common to humanity is that of the vampire — that is, the spirit of the dead entering into a departed body and keeping it from decay by feeding upon the bodies of the other dead, or upon such living men or women as by their wickedness have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed spirits. Children are especially liable to their attack?, and there is nothing the vampire likes so much as the tender meat of little children; hence Tapanese children will not keep late hours or go near a place of burial lest a vampire should seize upon them and suck out their life-blood and feed upon their tender flesh. As the ordinary food of the vampire is the body of the dead, and the tid-bits from living beings only come as occasional feasts, the vam pire is naturally represented with the spade aud pick-axe, with which it digs its way into the grave. __________« 