i'lov ifat. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; olt, Lady Chetwyndl?s Spectrc. \---see--- I"BY -iUS. IHARRIET LEWIS CHAPTER? XVI. LADY DIANA iNORTIHJWICK. . Lady Diana Northlwick, celebrated for her beauty and scintillant wit, was a most ac complished coquette and woman of society; and Lady Fortescue might well feel appre hensive lest the great explorer, so loue un used to ladies' society, should fall a victim to her alluring beauty. lBut:the distinguished explorer seemed by no means ready to fall upon his knees a cap tive to the charms of Lady Diana. lie re garded her with a cool cynicism that piqued her, tnd yet his manner was full ofa gentle courticy that showed that he had not always been a stranger to a lady's drawing ilittn. Lady Diana was greatly impressed with his appearance. It would he something, she thought, with the instincts of the colquette all aroused by his cool cynicism, to bring a man like this to her feet. "I would like to subdue his pride," thought the beautiful coquette. " I can do it, and I will ! By the by, I wonder if there's a Mrs. Tempest 7 My success will hinge upon that." She soon had an opportunity to satisfy her curiosity. As she was slowly promenading with Temipest, lie made a remark about having no friends or relatives in England. " Pardon ntme," said Lady Diana, " but you excite my curiosity. hlave you no family ties, Mr. Tempest ?" "None whatever, Lady Diana." Lady Diana looked surprised, but in her erut sithe was pleased. lHer object of sol t?ing this haughty cynical celebrity wans not likiel to be interferred with by a possible Mrs Tempest. Tempst's wit was as brilliant as her iown and they became abs:rthed in eonvreistioi. which thiey kept tip until the lititle ferterv where they had pas~,sl became tilled with EroupIs of lovers, and they then returned to thi drawing-room. They presently becamie separated, and didl net nteet, naitn thiroughout the evening until Lady cliana came d!uwn from the dress- i MTg room, shrondiied in a white opera clbak andl hood, whern Temlpest stepieil forward I with crave courtes-y and olierid her his armn to condtiet her !t her carliage'. I.ordTenitla illour sprano forward just an instant tlo I late. Lally I tuna laid iterlittle glovedband I in Tempest's arm, andl walked beside him ] out at the open doorway, down the carpeted stone steps under the gay awning. and. was assistel by the returned traveller into her . carriage. Site bestowed upin him a bewitching smile, and asked him to call upon herat her house i ' Park Lne. saying that she would always be at home to him. Tempest accepted tile invitation gravely, and bowing deeply, atelepled back, giriats place to Lord Tcnta Ilour, who, with a diqipleric:s air, enlterdt the carriage, as it rolled away, Tempesti a=cended the steps andI re-entered tile house, grimly smiling. The day. fter Lad' FI'rt etsrue's party Lady Diana Northwick sItoodl at ine of the broad plate-glass French windows of her owni drawing roomi, ilc her stately house st Suth Audley street. iokhing out idly yet with an expectal:"y unknown to herself. Before the bright hearth soo liher lorer, to whitll she was sidl to Ith betrothed Lord Tentamour. Iie was c-vidently ir- I tated and annoyed. tite Ilight have deemed I that the noble pair hal been rltirrelin', but for tihe quiet i!t1?asires.i? ,f the h:!ys coeld and hliauhty face: , .d tic exr pression of weariness in her matni: it;ica i szure eyes. "I btlein t believe that pelt:? trv" ritit, Diana. and tihat yteaI have no lacr," sait I L:nti Teltacnolur, bitterly. ' Yiu Iave ptayed fast and ht',o' with u?e for es yoi have. elways held me at arms' les .t.i, and treated me iare!in as an tlrd~aary frietni ttan as youir anct!cpl liver anrl Ipomised husbiild. I am ti r., ef all tis." " If you a e ' tire! efl atl thi."'" eariI Laty Diana, co!iel. "rmc cn f:iI ofuhf lily Piti les. I will gi~v? yeat bha,:k .ryr lilberty. On tie whol,, perilapsl that coarse might be hebt." " I refse to ace-.:t it c" rTit'. II ' d fentz we?ur, the angry llish l?e lpruing il :is face. "lliana, you are- ru'i . I hiei'v. a: pea!le: F?a, that you were b-irii wtritho'tL a l-etart. a lave b.nyourbtrotrihed ht,?oishnd fe"- more years thlab 1 lik. to cttuntt. Yu at- not treating me well. I ;-lreand that our i, r.n intaoient terminate at er?:e ill taarria a. I shall give you no farthce'r rracce. Tei al 1 actry me within a month." Lady Dina's pure ipal- ches?.s tindleG .£o flame. 1A". " Lord Tentamucrr f,:rgels to t!:on i' is tp'sking," she said icily. '" I ?srerst that I your lordhllip sic t a. brilh: in Taitk-:. .: believe, outi:de of t'arkeh', a lailly lois a'!v?. ,mr vlie in rt:epectl I tiher own marriarc. I 'u!r Ie rte of (Gra-n?.l TurI d-.s naot bt. crmee yn. / do not intend to Ie marri·d lin a month's iine. If '0u =e, titon !auu ~t, t. I LE"'tk a iter bride than 1." "' Youi are vry fowi of yaor liberty." "said ts lrdship, wvitih a slight, n'nost i er'icicep ti:e ner. . s , -. .I ,:,e.t .:e ar, z, " a'. of it; tic area co'tte, cioso uiley olj-ct in file is to play tI,? part ? f :, fa!s " bscoan, anl ir men toi the:ir r'r'. (::l.i yi truth-. fully -iiirm that vy:u did notl? pla the e., ugettelastnight With thiss new li?--:his t-rtar explorer-Basil Tempert 1" Tir Ilalme on Lady Diana's checks burnt yet mare vividl. "I have nut appoilted you my father con- a fessor, Lord Tei tamour," site said, looking u mote attentively from the window. "I was civil t. t'is stern, dark-lrowed traveller, t: scarcely miore." , " Tou call it bare civility tu devote to o him i fulol hbuar ont ut vyour evening-to a question hiii in regard to his adventures- h oa lp ar awraed ani thrilled :d1 delighted V by tr:i;i, irnd to exhibit an interest in himi you rarcl rexhiiliit tlo-ardts vin mrie" said b Ilrd T',lrtamomr, vw;li j :aslus v mlherenie:. "' I se' that yan are inte:risle.l in hiii. I insist, Diina, that ia slp In puot t- yur a c1t'"iietlis. I yt muand again thal .a f11 eugaN-en.e e to ire Ic I fillfci' inalcli:etel.. f Swil i not wait. for oU lager. c;:hat t Sll-avn ! I.' al trhe -.eals I :a :v wasted in dalcine n:I:zlca'ine s 'rupln r o. )I-r sls- I pI mci tllltri cea.I- to-day. Yo'u mrullt nal:me 1 io!rr bridal d<!a." ii hIris jalos i ls is I rti; a 5snt!iid .1 di atoria air liat aomised L:.dy I 'an;is ditliint angei. Sihe treadri away frim the wi'-e-rrw and ppr.oac-ild himis htr v h'in. ey5-5 hir'is, her liHp curihdi inl sc-,rn anl nirarsiurr. ?;iile !.isi-d frronm or.e sle!nir - Lforlelaag?er : ral svt with on imrmensr I Jitaioe., aolu d rI-ped it isis Tutamertoisas Ianids in Iaighty silencc. " Diin Vhat d?os this imea ?" 1 " It nita;u tllt you ar,- free-and iliat I ;ain is? r! It "Ie:is that yno have no i longer a right to -ret syor jealous rneg' upon me. 1 a:n tired Io tlhrcs s-ier s. I L have deterrved u; r amrri'n.ge from yea:r Ito year for reasionu which you know as well .i I I. Oir engage- iment is terminated at loct. I i.iSIa y, u it '.viI ainl a t iln s;ae one mcue nreek aird ublimaivre than L.' 'cI" . yri o' mln that it il all over ibtw-ren i US? ;' I " All over, iy lo r.. We ease to, le luvIes, but we mar. ifsyou h.,iO , be rfri, n!.." ilr ,:e : shipi.r t hel i:r .-i' ly anid sn-eer nver in his ha:'. Hli wai- ni tiet: ptrei':t ' v bistiii- fortl ii to liesrcus reprICi,,ihsi w s.s I a. rou.'l,,ir knik sas li.rm1 'n tlh. boh.s . Jc',,r. A emotent iaer, tshe I-l. !rec.vr,J! Lo;itU:tn l usherr, ilrr lite dtl:'irg-room Irs garaL 'Tartar i x ltr r, liasil Tl. rl, 1t. ]L'Wr; T1n· n.iuo r th,-.:st tilt! bhtr,.ti.Ja li in Iis p.l;ck t :inI dst..iiirrl !lmine d ier ly It i give the iiaw-eo'liir nu ;w'ai:ira:ta, libt In I oitlsta\y him anil -rrnt:i tihe b lokealn ael..*se ment. ie would nol t 'giv: up his bl"atifi l belirolthlrd. r.iUd heI ha srliaicnir O ,-:is :ne. in iiranelf it idiicve tLat hc coulld win ihr I back. l r. 'lT'ellt est ane iiin grave :r .l n, llo l; s, I mandinlg txpr:::io, n, and1 his cuuol ketin eyst takitng in the dise, mrit ,f 1ntantrs sitluation :ta. a r, lracl. L'e wa:I: 1'se;'si .l .i l evTse bhfore a wortl hlad iriern pii on-il, thatI LadY Pliansi andl Terl:Lin.tlur liahl ,quu:;rell.-L, I-st he;avoi no iign ill hi:ia utei.ner -f his dir-s,, ery. Li.ly Diana gree-id Lim- w;iti a sminu that stung Tentrrutiur as a Covit:lt ilt tot -in self. ,, I at deighiia tti s"e yos , Mr. Tempeirt," I said tile ladiy, with c:harliirig '.>to iil.', :iV ant Iher L.:an to tihe cspirer. " It is ldtehs ing to finid that :v:-.on:g sio tnany ci:iur ts : upon ycur attl'nii.j: yoI u alc art feret;].t n I me." Tcemlsct In:v'Il a i.ple'st Tralmiise. andI then exallrari greelrn' wit; Jlrd Tclnt - mour. The two genutlemanr did ns't Ishi-'. I hasn'is, but they e x:halnc gl.uis.is [f dis like.and scre froL, tlhat irlunol ei . e Luliy lJi;.u wt, i tl:e ei xil.trer to s.':, I himrse?if ail his stive icers, raich t li" with uIl?slriLt rm awie race. l-'d iti mour listeined witil ;t ,"re-< piile i si:eer. '* lj ye'l kno-," -:' i r.l y "Di:wa, r !le: tively, ' I a nirc ct ssi?vely ; l ". i.la :rih'1 , this disrcgard of, itlx:erit s ari csmfers . thi devotion tl. scinc':e: 1>1 i atr I I'e nlets ii: Inc tile stufif f which cs!,r es are mi lr. After one 3?1 Lh, Iiarr: te::-!hur c ides r which you detrcrib, tlnoiugh a .riz-zlit' In , I should lonl for a: v :trm a:il ', eidt, a;r!',I fcl to, be crLofrLed e its a b-I n tI h: hinr! ground. And;, alllholu i am nt11 very fmtil of mly tin1, I still tshulll shu rfer to se Cnow then -ian r.lm i'sh :oullteniatlet in'stsall e f lhose r.i:n:l M,.nil;:'ii n fac:r." I irl .r i-i ' .eir le.s 1 a lcri 'I !Sris isuac! n f str en il nort,:rn .!lsl a ri th I r';al bou t . lThe itis: r.r::i's'r, asOa rul-, elins th wraillhr.el i rl 'tes. hisare I -Icnsi a s:tcayi e fromni ".ani f,-r: sI-rr f :, .yea.?.,re ,r v,' nil si all i that tie I' sreise, iL't feiih . ne mfir crl s a r itr'l t lu.r I a ,:id; 'l thei u I:: Ist; r' , too aI, being smsa. Ith'srrg of s* :mist' thrlopel,' but i t m ciryavrtoilLt Iri i ths' I fell isn vi st ine usrer s steamuer ii 'riei'c Ir s'ilai from lei;ltrna:st il. s, altil I felt drain l him ::Ii if te hai been U:" own !Iso . -i e wars a nlore Cotnil felld . fair vs a girl inaturally, le-t lisa lae waw lbrzml l tny E:Etern sar.. lfi. eves were bl Ie- a-l bu as ylr own, iLady Dianrs It: Isloked delicate, yet I dio not Ldoubt his sleneyr fra mie wuilasrril ant rnga s ineel Ine di thle s-;ul of a lion in Ilia light and supple Tlryar-. lli w:.s ai n marquis although so young. !lils namevasLsslord Cihetawynd. Do yoa knmov him '" " I line-v his mrother," saidhl Lady Diana, L:lty thelwyndl marriol a swarthy Irdian colonelae, w was poor, a:rInd lad two children iby a wife married and who died in India. They say thie firht IMrs. Monk was a half ca-sr. aid I thrik th:e stlry mnly be true, for aMiss hank is swarly rand has an EasL Indian leak. L'ily Che'.wynd blecn:rii' Ldy Barbsara Mrsk-- ll fa : lrve,' as the s'mg says. Tile c lonel m:st rhave fasci:nated her, as snakes fascinate lirnds. Mie wass unt a winning, sort of rals. '[hi y?,ng Lord CLt etwynl i made a r.mnantic Inarriane, and his wife died soon ,fterw~ard. The mar:ia? e waes a mesoa/lllanle. He was Iecnla edl toMi, Monk ; anld. by the way, t;:,y ar: Injw re-ir.:gageld, and will soou 1uf, tiLrli t!. 'iey arIla lovers' quarrel, and h!e a t.n aray ii his yacht to Norway and thr. leb1ri!-:tin Ir roup (,f islands a:ltnd in a fit of liri at .i'a nlr k mrrrit' a plain little ;lan .i L'irl. wi' i.a'I i' beIn a'lopted by tlihe irrawsl ipastir, and ledlcate as a lady. There was :ot. a i;rlntlser::a!'s fillsil.y <in the is:anrd eeIs.pt tsi; minister'sa . Andi L',ld Chltwyrnd b"i :rgit that chilei --sihea was only sixteen or sev teetia--tn reie-n as mistrees of Chotwynd aPn: k. It was a sBcond e<dition of Lord and L,:ciy BlAleigh. 'r:he g-raaticurs of her new niniiirna oaverwhcilledi tire youI;L island girl, -.iw she di'.l c'-ne two mn-iLltih after ber iad eant ir E:-:I-ul!I. Lidy ChretA'vynil. with all Shr shir rico.min-sr., sws a .wo:lrfl'l younva 'reahsr-' the snre? to Irs adlirrd whn enr ci1ia Sf;Ctfs lhat is andi of St. :Kila: is a mere retk, irhabited by a rul-l and instraUt ,>;i ..tnl ry. S,. ',i:ie'S's rie' grtew s?-!lenly whmrite. I - \\-hat isnawl did yula aay, lily.. Dianal' hbe a'c!. a e:l:-. '" Sa. Ki'd.- al bit f rock some two niler hy uthrsr, ri:h! imirilr.ihi pca:3s iind a riillage :; t!he litile by. Tie islatis- is lnot well .'T' st-,.- is:ere-ts me stranoely,"saidl ."L- T t;!.'!s, i: a ruiti: that. Ihaf unddenly I - I.. n; ii-ky. " cS:ii riliiallic ri arriages I ire:i.. m1: ha- as'.e, ini doun ito CheLwi.yd S'aik. I it'' ?-Ii'it. he sihelrillil have maririedi Sfis !lcr wir!. \1hat s Iher name ?" -I **.:rnice Gvrelani. i id, is it not?" she S-ir. ':noirjst veeriteI his foes and did nut Sa.ce-ar. hte elirdiedl l hiir et!ern and po?cr Sf:! wil t, conitianr d is enoticns at that S,!ie:il. Fo'r. thle reader knows, it was ae w c. - b'I eton ed the baby herniae to 'tns iil'?iu C of St. Kilda lift-n years before, s I , c..nil: eir hcr to the care (f the G wel iil.i It, ?a-n f lor t hlse ak tif ernice that he . c:.i reItucirned, althoughl so tardily, frcm Ihis 5 -ist'rs' i zairas.insirs. Bacrnies was his os-n -:.! .!r - i 'i!i. rnd only since ha !I:d heard .f her L!sct lii :n-d he knorlin h,). ive loved her. , Ana now he le.rned thant she lihad mnil. ied oni t!- ims4~.d--l;.at shee lavedl ari had been aiov..d-':ii hi.-n wortd arnd married-hadl \- e:e in Etg."'and, and wa-s hinried bat a brief I lourney from London. l*5.^»>'"^ Tihe discovery held him speechless, but Lord Teutamour fluled up the silence with fe some remark and Tempest's agitation was Iw unnoticed. pa Tempest conquered his emotion asthe lion hi tamer conquers his beasts in their cage. He tu commanded himself with a will that seemed w of iron. And although his face was pale, and his black eyes strangely sombre, yet his tone was careless as he said, in his usual it voice: Ii, " The story is very entertaining. Its at beauty it rpoiled by the fact of Lord Chetl p wyud's eplectcd second marriage. But b5 Ierhl:ps thatis well. lie is young, and Miss B lonk wses, you say. his first love. I will it t::ke a run ldoiwn to Chetwynd Park after a fr few lays, and see rmy fellow-traveller," con- rI tinmrst T'empest. 'r Sihll you y 's back lu Tartary in a month, ii 1 r. 'Tempest 1' aked Lady Diana. " If you 1 anlr er in the alfirmnaivee, I shall think Lon. don has lost all its.atlractions." i \- I may stay longer than I at first in- fr tended,' repi d the explorer. "r My plans sl are not ysettlled. I begin to fear," and be idiree:ed an a-lm'ring look toward her lady- si ship, '- that Lndon-or South Audley street a \--!hs too many attractions for me, and will es hold me here when I should be gone." Lord Tentamonr looked displeased. -' Lady Diana and I were speaking of you s before you tame in, Mr. Tempest," said his lordshit, stiilly, "and in admiring your ex ilvits camoe naturally to speak of your t family. Are you of the Durham Tem pestis 1"' " I cn a counection of that family," said the exp'ourr coolly. Le rd Tentamour, tlaving expected a nega- a tive, was silencesd.. Tempest prolonged his call to the limits of t proprrety, and then rese to take leave. Other I guests arricinl; at the moment, nothing re- I Imairncl fir Lord Tentarnour but to depart e with i is rivai. L: ly Diana invited the ex- s ploretr I?) call againri, and Tempest noticed t that hesr betrothaLl rig, which he had ob ,?,rvtd etn the previous night, was absent c from hierr !inilgr. This feel, added to Tenta r uoulr's siltne.; nd sup pressed anger, con ri:?-cd l i; that the engagement between ushe nh!e: pair haI: Ibeen broken that very a day. lie laii1 upir the fact fsr future use, and I bat.l ihcrg oorli nnriing with an ilnifress¢ent r iirlt seoeIed to i-linate an extreume admira tion for her. The rivals--fr Lord Tentamour saw in T"'"e:pest. an etllai rival-emerged from tile I hrir.ser t,;.thelr. At the foot of the steps f tihey salted osn t!e pavementi. Tempest I rI:;sed his hat in adie:, but Lord Tentamour t detaisned ism. " hls long are you likely to be in Eng- 1 lanl, ir I ' inquired his lordslhlip. " it is isprsile toi say, my lord. I in lti-leid to r: :'lrn to Chlina within a imonth. A; I flrl now i ma;y cevler ge back." " \;1" have...nne to thi.s diecisitn since You t 1 entcre.! Lady Dian., Northwick's touve this I Slltcrisrll on; is it Inot so?" T '.,eur ast.trenass d,-Ce you credit, my Lord. Itis ."' lrd 'rTnt:.iooiur's face derpenred in its sulh:n fiu:;h of rage. ".slm I lol a'rlers'ild that you are one of L:a y DJi;a::r's n:rnrrous victimsr " he sllneer:;l. "A?ru ?olr, like su omany others, straisvg tIs win the rich youn widow l1" "The list. are open to all," said Tempest, I S:,'irt y. "I cn e:llde that no engagemernt I i::i matri:i r--sxisls between you and Lady I Il;:1l, sin,; I saw liI betrothal ring to day I i ipl heS til:er. ,Cid if isie is not beound byI any ties I s-hall reck to win her. Iana frank : Swith you. I admi:e Ladr Diana. I place masealf as your rival. If I can will her I I will narre- hir. Let her choonss etween ius, my lord. Ii she prefers yin it will be aill t rigb:,anrd I'll go back to Tartaly. If she rvrrr m I shall resard myself as a fortn- i n::.e r!;an, aldi slhall marry lier before the snruisrirer is over. A clear ield is all I ask." "ii'u arc cool," said Tenitamour, with a a se ''i. "The lady is my promised wife. 1 fol hi:i your ttentiolis to her." "N., on can foerbid them but tile lady lr.i",~e:. If she a:rsClSi that they are unect Scomels', ir that she pre:fers to marry you, 1 will re?ire as gra fuily as may be. But the fact slans, sisy lord. You sld I are rivala, anl I shall ;rmairy Lady Diana Noithwick if I can,." Sie b, aeid cotrlteously to the enraged lord andi pa?sd o:n. CHAPTER XV[I. iAG',IC AND IEeR VIS TIIM. . 'itse Isllc of a great prepalration prevaded Cud (:v Wl d Park. The announcemrent of It.:id Cis.l yldl's berrothal to Sylvia :Mornk hi:d hicer publicly made, and had appeared ia the .':stbourne local rewspapers, and in the L. o:!-l, faionable journals. The mar e : ':rvas t, take pllec the third: week in Jui,:,. and it was now the first week in April. 31is6 'i ntk had an insatiate and ungover n able rve of luxury. She drew liberally upon Lord Chetwynal's purse. She intended that her bridal outilt should rival that of the P'rincess Louise. Despite her indolent nature, she never tired of trying on new garments, jewels and shawls, and her morn- I ings were ill spent in her dressing-room eartinr ? her dressmakers and her fineries. i She tried itr feel secure in her good [rltune. tier betrothal had been made public, and what could happen to again break off their marriage ? Alr ! what ? She knew that Bernice COhet:lyndi lived, and the fear was never absent from her guilty soul lest Bernice shoired reveal herself to Chetwynd. and claim her old place in his heart and home. y:l day and by night a haunting dread prss- sased her. This was telling on her. How was she to endure it for three months ? W\\\y did not Bernice come forward ? Why did she bide herself, no one knew where, like a guilty person 1 Sylvia tormented herself with these questions, but could not answer them. Gilbert Monic stayed on at the Park, secretly searching for Bernice, and was inexpressibly anxious and troubled. If Sylvia anl G;ilbert Monk were fully oc cupied, Lord Chetwynd was not less so. His occupation was of the most practical descriptlion. He was busy with the memorial schrol which was to perpetuate the name of Bernice. He interested himnelf in this project as he had interested himself in nothing since hIe had lost his yo:ir wife. HIe thoiughtof her con tinually. Ilis project seeed to bring him nEanrer to hier. One evening, ater dininer. Lord Chetwynd walked over to thie bai!ifts villa, intent upon sme new amplvification of his favorite idlea of tb: scrhool, and oldi RIlagee stalkedsilent ly afar oFi in the shadows. and watched, in fear and trembling, to ste if Bernice would loit appear. Chetwvynd ~spent the eveningin his bailiff's office, diseu:-s;ng business. It was after ten o'clock when ie took his leave and set out uplon iris return homre by a private path traversing the park. The rumon lhad risen in mellow glory, and its soft light lay in broad streams upon the wide avenues. In thenarrower paths the light flickered down in tremulous slowers thnisgh tiiberifts in the trees. The stSrs acre glowing softly in the blue azure of the heavens. Slusb a light as this Lord Ohet wynd had known in St. Kilda. Here, as there, thire waves beat in the distance on the rocks like pules, ?and Ghetwynd couldi almost fancythat Blernice was with him., •t lIow this' night brings her back to me i" hIe thougrit, in his anguish of desolation. ' Oh, to see her as 1 saw her upon that first evening of my return hornme from my wander ings ! Oh, Bernice I Bernice! Whether it be an illusion of my senses or a veritable apparition, come back to me once more Only once more let m behi?ild the sweet vision ot my lost young wife !" WVas the longing intense enough to bring its own fulfilmentl In tile broead sheen of the moonlight, a L few yards in advance of hint, at a point where a wide avenne crossed the narrow path which Lord Chetwynd was treading, hesawaslender figure in white, her face turned to him, her arms outstretched to ward him. lie halted spell-bound. 0 She seemed a vision too ethereal for human- t ity. lie believed then, as he hadl not be- I lieved before, in spite of his lack of super- it stition and his contecmtt for the stolies of su- tl pernatural,andl e wans looking upttn dslem- It bodied spirit I lie believed that he blheld d Bernice. but Bernice frert-from all motral ed incumbnrnce. as shitt had come back to hi, a front her home is. heaven. lie did not a reason--he only felt. She was dressed in the white silk robe a in which he had consigned her to the tomb. e It trailed after her on tile ground. He.r t neck was bare, the iace trills of her v 'Pomplladour corsage riving round it like i foam. Her long dusky hair trailed over her ( shoulders liken cloud. Ie could even see t every feature of her radiant beauty in tihe soft sheen of the moonlight. Her face had t a mournful, yearning look that went to his r soul. lie dared not advance lest, sheslhould fade a from his sight. And so he stood entranced, scarcely daring to breath, devouring her I with his eyes. r Tihe rencontre, no dramatic and sense. t tional, had not been planned by Bernice. She was as much surprised as Chetwynd, t and she was also spell bound. Sihe had spent all threse days since her 1 last appearance to him in a lonely garret I above the very attics in the unused tower of the great house of Clhetwynd Park. In this secluded and hidden retreat, of which Monk had never even thought, Bernice I livgd her strange, desralate. mournft l exin t. ence. Shte had carrirld 1I Itt her retreat a store of Iblankets, which she ihad umanaged to secure from the rooms below. lthe. hal also, brought oti!, her from lteawr iCastle change. of armetris, eollugh for all her I needls. Itn her dingy garret she .re iherdr ir gray travelling robes :ritu: I rln v:,terroirnf cloak, preserving her white sili; _nwlln t sariled. Shie brought hither alot stores of lood from the ipsntry, larder a:r.! store roomn, awnl :arI procured severa. bottlles of wine from the butler's pantry in the night. 1Her object in thus remaining oer at the i 'ark she did not know herself. She only felt that shie could not o. She rwas bouidti try an oath, which she was too religious not to hold sacre.l, not to reveal the fact that sire lived Io iher huslancn, except with Gil bert Monk's consent. lie had refused that consent; and, indeed, she would not now have asked for it. She had tno wish its re turn from the grave tlnwelcrin?rl. Slt i believed that all tonurnring forr ri waos part, that her place reas ,:fil,, andl ihat ise weas for;otten. She wonlld inot retllurn to claim h a place in which anotlier had bIeen installed. Sihe only wished that she had died. Sihe had hrneri tihe closenesr atnd dingrtr rso of htier earrt until a longing had omier over her to inhale aain the fre.oh air, and to walk in the pantrk. She was. wear l from want of ixercise, ann on this nigiht had robed herself in her white burial roue, as a mattier of precantiont aeainst detertinr, ansl had thrown about her hier blacik clok, and had stolen ortinto the park unseen by any f tlhe inmates of the hrttse. Arrived in the patrk, and lfining the air mi'd, she hiad lagr aside her cloek, and was carrying it on her If Chetwynd's sensation at bivri- disng lhre was one of ropture, hers wtas otse of terror. Sithe trembled in her fear of dis crvery. They regarded each other for son-e moments in a rrstra:ge svilene+. rni t wynd's lbreath caine heavy and pant ingly. llis eyes were wihl and atart ing. Suddenly., without a word or cry, he leaperd forward uail ran toward her l hitea-ilung. Bernies retreated before him in instinc. lote Hlight. INa pursued. Sie could airmst hear hIis frenzied breiathring. I lti cae cn with a swift rush, as if he meant to seize her whether sihe were human or spirit. She Iurned into the wide avenue andl lidI like a deer. Sie ould notl be taken. Turn-i in" into on obscure path near at, htnrii tr:e caught up her dress anti tl:ig arourd herI hee black cloak. Thern stile halted bchitd Sa tree, concealing herself. Chetwe.ynd teeit lt i is tie patth swiftly in a blind irisuit. IHe lr i-it igh-tt of the glorious visir i. htrt he plIayed to ei e it again- ol tirne." a.rn. Bernice listened until thle soUilrl of his tread hadi diol away in tilte distance. Shet was panting and frig.tened, wiril-e?ed and trembling. Sei crept firth front her cn-. cealment aind entered the park again. She did not glance behind her, else she woontd have seen tie t.tll, sha, Iowy igure cf the old East Indian woman stalklihg silently ir on the dark border of the petth. But It?t,-c saw htier and knew her. And idulleniy, as Bernice stole alone the lonely path--thet. wyndt far beysnd hearing-tihe hl? r womatt launched herself forward in ar swift panther spring, and hurled herself upon Bernice, bearing her to the earth in the violence of 1 her onslaught. SI've grit you at last, have Iti" h;ieed tihe witch.like nold woman;r, holding trhe girl in iher iron grip. " And now, if you please, we'll come t, a settlement." Tihe suddenness of the Gil East Indian womant's attack upon her for an in?lant paralysed the young MIarchioness of iChet wynd, but she did not faint nor shriek. The moment her brief stupefaction began to clear away, she turned upon her assailant, fighting like alittle tigress. She was in a panic of miortal terror, and she struck nut blindly, with all the energy of an utter rde peration. Sihe speedily discovered that she was but as a child in the iron grasp of Ier owsailant. Itagee's muscles were of steel. A desncrate fury animated-the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage, also, not having relaxed her fist hrold on Bernice, and the girl pont. ing and breathless, wild-eyetd and trembling stood still at last, nnd looked ov-er her shoulder at her enemy with a wild and her rified gaze. , Who is it I" Bernice whispered., pant tngIt is I-old Ilagee," hissed the Hiindo woman in the girls ears. The espression in Bernice's eyes deepened into amazement and terror. She imadei another vain ehffort to free herself. Then she whispered : " What dii you want of mel What is the meaning of this assault?"' SPerhaps you think I don't know you," said the Hlirindoo woman, taunotingly. ' It was I who dragged the shawl froem your shouilters that nigrht in the great hrouse. I knew you,i" andt her tones grew fierce andi hateful. "I know you, my lady. You were supposed to have died; yoi lay in state in your burial robes for six days; you wtre hurled in the C hretwyndi vault. And yet here yuis are alive I It is you, oand none other I Ibis you, and not a ghost I It is you in the flesh, alive, strong, well. Hfow hapipens this, that you live who thave been mourned.as dead ' . ". I.The lie~ce, -oindictive voice failed to kindle a sni.ark f anger in 3ernice's breast. Her Ierit throbbed with a keen pain. She wan trbwildered, dizzy, and still trembling. She did not answer. " Speak I" cried the Hinuoo woman, shak ing her. Don you deny that yos are the het~rchioness of Ctetwyrlnd ?" -ernice's oath prevented her declaring her identity. Not even to osi Rlagee coiidl be nonless herself the Marchioness of ::etewynd. " Speak !" reiterated the old woman. " Speak, nr I will drag you ip to the great house, and inm. my ltrd's presence." "No, on." cried Bernice. "I will nut go there I What do you wa-ut of me ?" "You aehtowledge that yon are Lady Chetwynd 7"-(7o be Citotirued.) 