Sketcher. The "Work and Ways of the Bahama _ Nigger. fsssssiia£ss ' ;«s. w may serve or benefit him. ThereTafa te-haired old iefiow, with a skin sTfak v - . auotlier climate no one would suspect had fiiirlv iS 0n ml sympathies before I wL y,S tbe northern chill out of my well ££i was br05?n as a native and as brou-hSiiaS euJdest habitant. He ®hcll« oh be was willing to part with for twenty times their value in silver a iri iJ0- ?re tLan ted, thathe had Personal dmu'aon or certain articles of even sank W wbl(Th 1 Possessed. He xi . . to laugh convulsively at Wlucb 1 heaped upon him/ In the end he succedded in securing a shilling tocon TayTegantolie nwake nights toTW?a Pla? by which to getanother. another common trait, whether XSmaWj9 hard t0 determine, „ tive storv est be described by an illustra- latelu- J/ "n 0 man 'whose daughter, best dK11 t07Tanhod. was among the hor l JS ? and hest-behaved damsels of Jteeet and t0r' met her onB day upon tbe 2® pepping up to her, without a her two or three sharp blows. H arfTerrfa ld a"to Ms motive for such MM?.! J Dat my own ohile. She hit W? > / ?n y she get too fine. Imus' ' fherjus toshow'torite.' The deed was a .t.owauthoSy,. 7 " ""'J"" Wn1.0 +l6S f sioIcness ' among the Bahama blacks the poor patient is overvisited from r.f «J? ?un t0' cd to, and prayed over, till, being mcdicined after the most approved Indian methods, he finally dies m sheer self-defence. A black man was recently employed to take cara of a sick neighbour, and one morning soon after re ported on his charge as follows: — . die wuss ebery day. He 'pear like he am goin get well. I done jam do Word o' wa/wd into him all de time sence I been dere.' He was admonished that be was not em- ployed to 4 jam' tbe Word of God into bis Buffering brother, but ,to jam nourishment into his system. The sick man failed to re cover. It seems hardly necessary to record of mem- | bers of the African family thattheyaresuper- stitious. The vagaries of belief are preserved I fragments of archaic Congo religion. The I ? bottle of charmed bay hung up in a fiel d I is still of ten sufficiently potent to scare away I the more ignorant, and no watch or ward I y.a ! protect treasure from molestation I half as well as a good ghost story. Ho one I cares to pass a graveyard after nightfall. I I have known a boat's orew disturbed because I a bag of sand ballast thrown overboard I looked like a sheet or a shroud beneath the I surface of the deep, and the smell of water- B melon which once greeted us oat at sea was immediately attributed to spirits. I Wrecking is one of the Bahama industries' Men, women, and children will abandon any pursuit to throng the scene of a wreck. An entire congregation will swarm out of church atsucha summons, the men divesting them- B selves of superfluous clothing as they run, B pitching garments over walls or into the J bushes for the women to pick up. The conclusion of the preacher's address, though good from a Bahama standpoint, might not commend itself to the better-cul tured underwriter. It was this, 4 An' now, my bred'rin, pray de Lawd he sen' us a "rood wrack, so st we kin get a few shillin'.' — Scrib- ncr's Magazine. . 