The Sister Seraphine BY GILBERT PARKER. 721 Scf'.HK. — A ConventlJfylthc-8ta. Fiuvcfeu.'s'' — r . COME back to you Sister Seraphlne, Hack to these qtdot rooms, these holy wait ; I place my hand your gentle hands between, Hero at your feet my bitter sorrow fall'; So mnnyfdny Tfat here u a child To listen and to learn, an mnnv UMN niAr' ..y Until I came to go Into the wild— For auchthe world is where I wcopaod team; flero 1 was happy, there I am perplexed ; Hero was tho nhodo, but thero tho burning A voice said Learn,' ' I love then' was it text ; And now, alas I tho lesson is all done. SlSTP.B HBRAI'IUXK. And wherefore dono?- What grfof seeks hero J a balm ? 01 Sneak low. thrnuoh mo. flod listens and bo calm. . frances. I loved him welt, but ho Is'gono from mo ; . I gave Jilin Hack Ida ring and I would giro , IlTm back Ida klssoa if such thing could bo ; Wo walk apart whilo ho and 1 may.llve ; Ho stood %o proud,. so at roiitr, so qtdetthoro When I reproached hlin for Ida faithlessness ; . I bodu him go anil kisa her golden haii- . Andleavo mo ndt tho shamo of hh carew ; They told mo ho was false Utall his vows, ' - Thatdovo ofinu hud fled to liur mvunt faco — t He who had kissed n»e on iho lips ntul In-nws And Mworu I made heaven m n»> placo, ' BlrtTim HKILU'IIINK. 1 And -you huheved him fnlun? . FimNCKS : -v; . r. I cftmmt tell ; : Tho thought was hitter I spoke angrily, . "Ditt all tho timo I loved hitn, -uh I- so well— Could ho hot swoar nnto his loyalty ? Ho only said 'Do you hclievo it then V : Was not alt-plain? I cried,- 1 do believe i' Wliat worth toqucstioii furthor?' once oguln VSV- 7 To said, we'parted,ntyrmr foot I grieve ; : This placo is noly, else I couhl arise , I' And curse them as Ood corsnd in I'avdiao. SlKTKIl SKUAVlllKK. \- . i Listen ii-y ohfld. 1 have a ln!« lo tell, A tale that wakens fromnburicd past ; . Ho sadder over heard the sad eea-shell v. r> - That murmurs to. the sands where it is cast ; ' Doom-doop of Jives that lioboneuth thefonui, Itsings to beat of flod's great raotronomo j ' Of quiet dead it tells unquiet things, Of secrets buried from all human eyes, Of llfes lost struggles, . of the souls of tings, Of peasant's faith and children's lullabies., Of messages that itovor reached their bquruo, \- - Oft those that Jqft .-untimely hearts, that \- ' . . .mourn. ' 1 And hero from out that othor lifo of mine I toko a shell and bid it sing to thoo j. «» - 'Mark now tho talo it tells Is like to thuic, -rV As yfahder sliths are on the quiet sea Forthy sako.whoiq I lovo 1 read ogam Mv so long voicoleaa sorrow and my pain. I, w ho am old with sllvor In my hair, A sister in this convent hv tho sea, > . Wok onco us fair as any who arO fnir- . . And loved the world and loved tho sun to I laughed the days away in hopo ami pride. Thctowns hocloud upon my huppy brow ; I am tho ghost of that bright , self that died And lifo is graver to my vision wm , I nve camo tit crown me, lovo with Douahl He wiwsobmvo, the bravosfrof thorn all, Fi lhIi faced, largc-llmhwl, with stvoiigth no man coulu tamo, . ' ' And volcoo'ear-fashion&l; as a battle-call. . ' v- It Hocmvil ill. Ilrat tlmt Christ liailWoiBcdour All WMB0 8WCOHO full of wnniith and light ; iIlMnntlillow a rlnml could haniJabavc, ' I oould uut think that love might hnow a Wheic'ctho'fl'Ctl'-hln'.fall hem nut tlitlr lleforo "nca'a cyn's ficitlh-anihteii when . - Drought reigns. full of 7 . When lovo Itcgiui the plain" sssgS (Jml's angels guarded and «« . . TIm» JkwTtl eeemed to »".!? . 'My heart wont ringing »« ' 'ffin.|.1,Ja, There -.rar no dgn of «M . ' . And t .rned tho course of all iny p- And so two war. lloJ "Pcnt.'Jffc?o"' 01 faith In Donald ; like a flarotog »">» Our.lovo ctood out aa In a nBdoin . Above the eMItlng ««nd« el bnmw lose Tho time drew near when I should placo my hand In his and say, 'Hcneo forth for thou 'and t There U onop&th;, onahouir within tho land. Ono hearth for both till you or I may die.' What wonder that as In a dream 1 walked ? What marvel that I did not stop to hear The talcs thoy told of Death that silent stal ked Upon the plains where no rain fell that year? Solflah waff I, I did not sco the sheep Dying In thousands by tho empty wells ; Thcso things seemed far oJT, all I cared to xeep Close to me was tho somtd of wedding-bell : There cuinc ono talo at last that returned my cars Llko the round thunder In. tho deep ravine ; And then there fell a rain of angry tears Sitcli os ne'er weeps the Slater Heraphlne. Tears come not now savo when another's pain Touches my sightas thine dear child to-day j Tint then my nature nceraod to melt \n rain Of passion and to hear my love away. Thoy told mo that another. faco thanmino - Drew him from. me, one. said. she saw him \- kis9 Ilor. hand' and after pledge her In his wlno — X listonod as unto a serpent's hiss. He had not come to me for many days. Tho stock howroto woiodying and ho stayed ; \- To do a thnusaiiil dutiesbnt aIwavs \- He held mo dearly who his great joy made, j Once lio ha'I nieiitioncd hef.-ft'Tricnd he said . Of his dead brother, one Ids mother kept In dcarcstremr'ihoy callod-hor-Winlfro'l And she prized thorn because of him tlinfc slept. Now thair wordA burned my dicart dike iron . ' bars. Was it for licr he stayed ?— Nay child be still, . LUtem tho gr.ivoBpe.uk but above urcstaM Thatshlno int? tho depths of human will Woop and be still— wa it for hor ho stayed ? E'en nH loskcdit there hcrodwl/etwccn Ti e aihdal trees whero wo our bowers modi, Where we bad walked luvoV shining lions between j A moment thou before jne straight he camo ; With words of pleasure, in his oyes tho light Of— love Tor her? ,1 would not spook his . I called liiin traitor, aiid bis lips grew white. 'A traitor, Helen, that Is scarce the- word That should be used 'tween suoh .as we,' ho 'said ; ' I told him then th'c,talo that' I bad heard ' With much mad thought that'cqme into my 'head . I would not listen wheo he triod to speak, - .His sad faco only made mo 'angrier, ' . Mina was a spirit that was' liever . meek. ' ' In those days, and I sold 'Qo then to her, .Give her tno heart caught in tho quick rebound, 1 ' ' ' Lay at her fect what I am glad to lose ,' I did net care how deen f made the wound. '.Consent ho could not, no could riot refuse,' '' For thero I loft him, I but heard tho word ' Helen' twicospokon, theu l saw him rido Into tho gleaming evening, and a bird, Orocn of ill, fell at my feet and died j '' Then my '-hearted' 'incited/and I kissed the 1 ;wings That death had broken, for. that moment I Had seen my song-binl Lovo that sit and - . ,,SlDg8 . In its soft, nest o'or true heart, faint and - die. . , ' And In tho burning watches of that night Rcncntancu grew : I wished him In my sight. > Tho morning caroo ; a sun of molton red . lima over dying flocks and > hopeless aon : >. - Now with mino own great sorrow on my licad. Tcnmo to > feci for others' griefs again : A day. of doom it seemed, there wa9 no wind > - To stir tho ashen pall upon the trco : It wus a day when ono would look > buhind To count one's sins rind tell one s rosarv : All. nature seoiued upon > the outer brink ..Of ciroumstanco in closo commurco with Death; . 'Urn > gaping land from Heaven bad nought to - : drink, Anil nil lire drew but > harsh and labored . ' . breath; At last the sun its zenith reached, ntul > then 1'liu shadows, fell to eastward- and-oiy heart Went with (lie sun— > would Donald come again/ 1 seemed to hear tbo dead bird sing- ' Apart 1' T > drove him front me, called him n trnltor. set Him lower than tho meanest of > mankind ; 1 knew I honored, prayed for. loved him yet. . And hold no thought > of doubt within mv mind; I had been mad,. mad with my jealous fcars- Mad as > all women oro somotlmca - I longed To weop upon bis breast repentant tears, > t And moke atonement where Ikneurlwrongcd. Who bod not' felt tho nngufshed soul declare Against tho walls that gird existence round / Wbo'bOff not tried to And n higher air, And rcnoh beyond all human sight and sound / To leavo tho stifllrig duties of each day. Arid let thn being swell to Nature's wiiolo ; .To' strike tbo bands of circumstance nway, And.watch the spirit's currents seek tbolr olo? » Bo I in my deep sorrow longed to bo Afar from all things ; ore tho evening tide,. When stilt tho heat roso like a heaving sea From off tho gronnd, my horso was brought to rido ; 'Folly ' thoy. said, '.to ride In Biich a sun, Walt for some cooler hour, besides, hut now Word had come from tho North .that floods begun Would reach us soon— what floods meant f should know.' Nor flood nor sun I thought on. and I paid 'Good friends, enough,.! shall ride,' and, I - . sot My face- towards tho North, rind let thought spread To all I would ro.mcml>or and forgot s Hour upon hour I rode, ! did not heed Time pass, Life seamed to waver to arid fro ; . Now it was strong, now llko a broken rccd, . Now searching for a pathway in tho snow ; Strange thought that in this angry, burning land Tho inward eye should sweep nn fov plain— '1 seemed to stand with Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way Into tli2 world strain : I cried aloud. 0 Love, whore shall wc go ?' My amwer was a rolling thnndcr tone— . No dream was thfs for clouds had gathered low Far up the sky while I had mused nlono ! Tbo air was heavy as tho hand of Sin ; My poor horso trembled in his weakness. I Had ridden far, loo far, my bronth within Was qnlvering like tho tnninlt In the «ky ; I scanned the plains— a shepherd's hut not far Upon the river hanks would shelter give Until the morning, whllo'lho skies at war Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve Rain writ a won! too hlmt now o'en to say Wltljont a sign, and so I Ijent frail knew Upon tho threshold of the hut to pray A would ono ofmlifortitnc'ff refuge. Upon n redo conrii than f luid me down. And wailed for the awful storm to break ; The wholo horizon was ono gathered frown, And I could hear the tattle legions shake Their weapons In the sky to Kghtnlnggleam, Tint still tho rain fell not' and darker grow jrhorit1 plains: my senses duller grow. And em T knew my'eycs clmod to a dream ; Av. even while the storm hung on the edge Of the steep world mv orel!d» clovd in sleep ; 1 .won so weary— as if Lothf.' sedge Were thero my resting pla«'«, my donjon- keep. T dreamed of Donald, dreamed he camo again And stood bcoido me, bnt when I would touch FTh hand ho showed tnc on It a rod stain, And said. 4 Lo t I have loved theo, dear, too much; We meet no more, upon 1 1m cart h' no more : -Fa'roiT-I shall holiold thcei'-r-tben lie passed Into fclie snhsut,' and I'hcard; the dnor ' , Of Life closn flluirply on my hopes at last 1 1 cried ou't iri riiy holploss agon.v, ' . ' Donald, O .T.oyc, eomo back !' I only knew A Tuali of waters as 'a .mighty sea Swirlcil rqunil .nio iirid-f-hb ! flod but It-was " true !' ' " I wnlkc«l to fltul the hut a swaying wreck ; To'Unow tjiat now the river was tiflcod," And all, the plrifim wave-washed as, is » dcek - , JiyjiotnuVfuteca, lhatun ship has withstm'rij Arid. I Imdslept'-whllonll tlie land was awept ! WUIrwflthijjgplemcntfl — Ahl could I find ; My horse /..Nr»y! he had hotter v.lgU kept, And had lied dojvn tho pathway of the wind ; What' need to tydl of lmpr theoiirrontdrovu Tho. moss to which I clnng agalust a tree, And flue tng refuge in Its arms 1 strove;' ' To hold my Roitl lii strength for what might he. Ah I that- long 'iiigl t \ 1 1. win 1 1 in.li blow-round Jho darkened World andi y soul drifted too From polo to polo, while I. could hear the' sound ! . Of spirit volces all the ohaoe through ; 'Lost, lost,' 'thoy oricd amid tho tempest's-- v.roar; ! , ,. Ond with hia voice said o'er, arid O'er my: . namo ; . . . . A. thousand seemed to ory, 'No more, no. ..morel' V And nil their accents wore of bitter blame. At last, at last tho morning broke, and then . : The storm ccascd and the fighting world grew .'calm. ; TJi'o sun shone out o'er all my naln again— My pain that never more should know a balm. ; < Slowly the waters climbed about my feet, . And myriad thought arose of, dread and .death, Tho outer bounds of being sccpicd to meet And crush my spirit to It latest breath ; I laughed a Jlttlo in .my agony, Tho sun laughed back In very wantonness ; I cried, Como, Donald, como l I give to thee My lust kiss cro I lcavo life's wretchedness 1' I heard tho. wild-duck rushing down tho sky, A pelican 'sat still upon n limb And gazed all day to see mo faint and die, Wldlo I prayed to my God arid thought of Arm. I dld not heed the passing of tho hours- All things 'teemed timeless, hut I saw the sun Creep to its rest, and then I said, Love's ' bowers, '' Donald, arc dark, and life and love arc done Then I grew still, how long I cannot telh : I waked to hear a voice across the wave Calling my name — that voice I knew so well, That f should hear though laying in my grave : Donald ! ah, love)'— 1 thought his spiritcatne To pass with mine behind the sunset bars; And we should be the fame— ah, just tlic same . In the Jovcgnrdcns closer (o the stars : Nearer die voice came, then I saw his form ; It was no spirit, 'God be thanked!' I cried; jfis boat moved slowly, as a ship in rftoim Drc.ut this mad wind and struggles with the tide. At Inst tasfrie me drew the bait, and. I Fell forward lo his arms with one glad word ; Tic kiwi me, saying, T/)ve, for thee 1 die,' And then he fell as fell the stricken bird. Dlood 1 there was blood upon him— on hi hand That In my dream I saw held out to me ! llis neck was thrust as by a broken brand, His body was bathed In a scarlet sea ; I lifted up his head, I kissed him there, 1 prayed for one word ere lie passed away ; His dear eye opened to my anguished prayer, And then nc raid, 'I loved you dear alway. There was none other— it was nil untruo, They wronged ine, hut I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch (hat piurccil mescals it ton I'nr ever— kiss mo dearest ere I go ;' And so he died ; and all that day his head I held and smoothed hi hair upon his brows ; I could not come to think that lie was dead, I told htm o'er again my loving vows ? Wc drifted o:i, silent through silent space, Like spirits floating on nn ether ica ; They found us in the morning face to face And tool; me from him who had died for me. No need to tell how death fell pn. him, 'how With a l«!d swimmer' strokes he fought the tide " ,'r- 7 r To reach the boat Hint Is his coflin now— How thc.branch pierced him— close, child, lo ' ' -my side 1 .; . , .. .'Let- 'trie drop one tear. on that ancient griei, It is is all right, perhaps, God knows the best >; ITis that alone that gave .my. heart rel Icf ; . I keep my place here, and he keeps Ins rest, ! left the world, I built this convent home. Here I lmvc: lived through thirty changeless . .years ; ' . ' Here, as ono watches a swift sea in, foam, So watch' I'nll rioor hiiiflnu strifes and fears ; ' "Speak to me, child, is then thy lesson done, ' \- Is love to be to thee a setting sun ? . FRAKCRS. ' . . . I am growh wiser, HUter Scraphinc, To?day I shall send for him and sljalbmake a 1'nrdon my plea. 1 , . . . slstbil sbltat'lllnk - , ) -» - - JSuw Heaven as gdod ; between. ! Me and that life the new life s -folds I shake ; They .shall not stir again. -nope other be - , So near the deaclf lhat your sw$ct eyes see,. 