JOHN OLVWAY'S SECRET. tl (From Cassell's Saturday Journal.) CIAPTER I. JOHN SOLWAT COMES 0 TOWHN. It is strange to me to find myself telling 0 this. story. Even now I can hardly realise how it was that my tranquil, un dramatic fortunes came to be connected with a chapter of events which, for per plexity and unexampled strangeness, 1 have never known surpassed. Five slow years have moved over my head since then, and the recollection of those days has left me happier than at one time I ever thought I could be. But though neither my wife nor I can ever a forget them utterly, and though the shadow they cast behind them seemed once so dreary and illimitable that I feared we never might climb acain up out of that sombre cloudland, yet I think that the darkness has melted at last, and left us standing, hand-in-hand together, here hap pily on the sunlit hills. One day, in the late autumn time, some where about five years ago, I was sitting in my rooms in Wigmore-street, making up my mind to go out. It was a dreary even ing. Right over the city a black fog hung with outspread pinions, like some unsightly vampire poised between the earth and hollow heaven. Already the sun, which had slept all day a lustre less red globe above the housetops, had buried itself in the dusk; and under neath the lamps were beginning to flicker in the streets, like unsphered stars in the universal gloom. On every side, unsilenced by the twilight, the solemn hum of life went up. From the four corners of the sky the night came rolling in upon the falter ing footsteps of the afternoon. So I sat and hesitated about going out. Five years ago I was a young man, rather good-looking, with an unambitious profession which I need not specify, and with sufficient income to justify me in looking for a wife. My father had been dead some years. My mother was living at Glen Craigie, a Scottish inheritance of mine. So I was condemned to solitary bahelelordom in London. On this particular autumn day I had a duty to perform. I bad promised my friend, John Solway, to go and see him, and to congratulate him on his coming of age. John Solway had only just come to London. He was a neighbour of ours in Scotland. He and I had been thrown a good deal together, and being more or less of the same age we had struck up a close acquaintanceship. Of course Solway was likely to be a far richer man than I. Sol way Castle is a fine old place and a noble property, and the Solways had followed their forefathers there, one after another, for many and many generations. If truth be told, the good folk all round Solway had been looking forward with no little inu terest to the coming of age of the heir; for the Castle had been shut up for years. John had been born abroad a short time before his father's death, and there had been a long struggle over his inheritance a tough lawsuit, I fancy-before he had succeeded to the Solway lands. Anyhow, there alwaysseemed to be a mystery about him. He had, it appeared, no rela. tions on his father's side, save the cousins who had contested his inheritance. As for his mother's people, no one ever spoke of them, and nobody knew exactly who the boy's guardians weere; and so the country-side had been looking for ward to the young laird's coming of age, with a hope that the mystery that sur rounded John Solway would then be solved at last. But, to the surprise and indignation of all these good folk, when the time for the celebration drew near, Mr Solway an nounced his intention of going to London. The neighbourhood was disappointed and annoyed; nobody could understand the reason of so sudden a determination, and I myself was considerably puzzled when Solway wrote and told me that lie was obliged to transact some important busi ness on the day lie came of age, and that his guardianns had insisted on his coming to town for the purpose. I fancied that he was himself puzzled by his guardians' action, and that it was not of his own wish that he had to come to town. For myself, I confess, I was com pletely mystified. So it was with some curiosity that I set out to see John Solway that afternoon. Solway was staying in Manchester Square, in the house where his family had dwelt for generations, but which had been untenanted for years of late. I told the servant when I got there that Mr Solway was expecting me, and though I fancy he hesitated for a moment, he ultimately led me along a passage and up a few stops into a big, dim room. I found myself standing in a library. Early as the hour was still, the night hung heavy outside. But there was no lamp to be seen ; only faint streaks of yellow firelight flickered, and flared, and fell upon the walls, revealing at each flash high-ranging tiers of empty bookshelves, and then suddenly and without warning dying, and burying the skeleton shelves in gloom again. There was little furniture in the room-a table or two, some big chairs moulded in a bygone fashion, a desolate, awkward ottoman, and but little else. On every side the room seemed grim and dark, and spoke of long left dust and untenanted solitariness. Yet one bright patch of light there was stretch. ing from floor to ceiling, and shining where its edges caught the flame-a long,straight mirror fixed against the further wall. At first the room seemed to be empty, and I wondered why the servant had shown me in there. But as I crossed towards the fireplace, and as my eyes grew accustomed to the dim twilight, I saw a man's figure seated in a big arm- chair. It was John Solway, fast asleep. I was amused by the discovery, and rather pleased, I think, for it is always a pleasure to find one's friends indulging in any little weakness, and I went up to him and laid my hand upon his shoulder. He started and woke; but I saw to my astonishment that he met my gaze with a look of horror, and uttered, before he recognised me, a short cry of alarm. " Well, Solway," I said, "how are you ? Have you forgotten that you asked me to come and see you to-day ?' " Did I?" lie said. "Did you? Yes, of course you did. But I didn't need the invitation. And now tell me what has brought you up to town. I can't say you look as if you were in a condition to be congratulated." "I! Oh, I'm quits weoll, thanks-and glad to see you, Temple." "Quite well, are you ? Then you must forgive my saying that I never saw you look worse in my life." Solway laughed a sort of nervous, un comfortable laugh, and looked at me rather anxiously. Then hie seomed to make an effort to control himself, and seated him self with a smile. " Oh, its nothing, thalnnks," lie said, in consistently; "you see, I was travelling all last night-they didn't want me to reach London till to-day-and I've had some business to do this morning which rather bothered me." "Will you be staying in London ?" I asked. He looked at me curiously for a moment, with the scared look which had never left his eyes, and I thought he shivered slightly as he answered me. "I don't know-yes-perhaps I may Perhaps I shall never go back to Scot land." "Why, Solway," I cried, " what in Heaven's name has come over you ?" "Aih, don't ask me, Forrester, please," he answered eagerly. "I can't tell you not now, at least," and as he spoke his voice rang so strangely, and sounded so full of trouble and sadness to me that I could only gaze at him silently in wonder, and then without further question take my leave. But as I reached the door I turned to look back, and a sight met my gaze which sent an uncomfortable thrill through my blood. John Solway was standing on the spot where I had parted from him, rooted to the floor. He seemed to have forgotten my presence. His whole figure had grown limp and lifeless. His face was blanched. His forehead, too, was knit as if he were struggling with some invisible enemy, and his eyes were fixed, staring vacantly towards the opposite wall. And in his eyes there sat ,n expression of dazed reluctance and helplessness so pitiful that my heart emote me for leaving him thus, and for a moment I paused on the threshold and called to him in a low voice ' Solway, Solway, what is the matter " Slowly he turned his eyes upon me, and tbe look of apathy deepened, though the t1 swollen veins relaxed a little, and slowly I he answered me with a strange, forced Ii laugh- ii " Oh, it's nothing, Temple. I felt a little ti faint. Send Banks here, please, as you go d out."' I did not like to leave him, but I had no v :hoice. So I told the servant-an old t man with dark, hollow eyes, and a leering d cast of countenance, whom it struck me I c had never seen before that day-to go to I his master at once, and made my way out e of the house, feeling as if something un- t canny had taken hold of my wits. E It was a relief to get out into the swarm ing, lamp-lit street, and I walked away a rapidly-anywhere-trying in the chill air I and the gaslight to shake of the unp'ea. sint sensation which had stolen over my 1 limbs. What on earth could have hap pened to John Solway ? It was barely two a months since I had seen himl last. My mother had told me nothing of any change t in him. And yet two months before he had been a cheerful, sunny-hearted companion, whereas now I seemed to see in him only the shrunken ghost of his old self. I walked on aimlessly, but presently a i great blaze of yellow light shone into my eyer, and my meditations were interrupted < by an abrupt question. 1 found that I was standing on the pavement outside Baker street station. A shoeblack was offering to clean my boots. Certainly that call distinctly exercised a most important influence on my life. It brought me back to myself, and determined me to go and see some friends who were living close by. They were at home, and received me kindly-an elderly, suecessful barrister, wonderfully viva cious and young-looking for all his threescore years, and three daughters, no less hospitable and kindly than their site. So I sat and talked and listened, and tried to put out of my mind the unwelcome thuglhts that had harboured there. Idon't remember much of our conversation. Cer tainly it would not be worth chronicling here. Only this I remember that, as I was glancing at the clock, and slipping my right hand stealthily under a chair in search of my hat, the door opened sud denly, and there entered ia young lady, whom it would be useless for me to endeavour ti paint. I don't know what the talisman was which she wore. It was not that she was very beautiful-though in colour and shapeliness of feature I think her face surpasses most other faces that I know-but rather that her presence seemed to sheda brightness round her, which made the day shine clearer to my eyes. One of my hostesses rose to meer her. " Why, Mabel," she said. " what has brought you here at this hour to call ?" " Yes," said the new-comer, her apolobies racing swith her greetings; " how do you do, IHilda dear? It is dreadfully late, and li'm net going to stay a moment. I only ran in on the way hlome, just to ask Annie something. How are you, Uncle Stanley ?" and she held out a hand to the old gentle " Why, Mabel," lihe began, in grave, slow, humorous tones-" Mabel, this is not a night for young ladies of your delicate age, and with your various charms to be-" "No, I know," interrupted the new comer; and then, seeing me for the first time-the room was dark except for the leaping firelight, and I was standing in the background-slshe stopped short, a little abashed, and turned to her cousin with a smile. Mliss Stanley introduced us: " Mr For rester Temple-my cousin, Miss Solway." The familiar name struck me with sur prise. "That is a name I know very well in Scotland," I said. " Mr Solway, ot Solway, is my nearest neighbour." Miss Solway louked at me with evident interest. "Is that Mr John Solway,"she said, "of Solway Castle It must be, I suppose, for I don't taink there is any other Mr Solway in Scotland. Yes, he is my cousin. But" -in a voice of rigid solemnity-" we never meet." I felt snubbed. It was stupid of me. Of course I remembered now that Solway had quarrelled with his father's rela tions. But I was relieved in ua moment, for Miss Solway had broken into a bright laugh. "Never mind, Mr Temple; I am not deeply offended. On the contrary, I am very glad to meet some one who knows John Solway. I want to know what he is like. Is he such avery black sheep." " He is my most intimate friend," I answered, stiffly. But Miss Solway saw I did not mean it. She looked at me ruefully for a moment, bnt with so comical an expression that my fraudulent air of injured dignity melted. I am sure, into irrepressible smiles. Then she turned to her cousin Annie, and our conversation came to an end. I slipped my hat back again surreptitiously under the chair, and waited at the Stanleys' till she had gone. But she only stayed a very few minutes, and as she went out, she offered me, in reparation I think, her hand. " I shall be sure to tell the black sheep about his cousin," I said. "Oh, Mr Temple," reproachfully, "you are not such a very intimate friend, are you ?" "Not at all," I answered-on tile other aide of the truth this time. " What a shame, then i" she exclaimed. " You don't know how uncomfortable you might have made me, Mr Temple." That is how I first met Mabel Solway. There and then I fell in love with her, and in love I have remained ever since. CIIAPTERIT I. TIsE sOLWvAY FAMiiiLY AT HIO5. For the next few days the Solway family and their affairs occup ed my thoughts. " he more I pondered over it, the more utterly bewildered did I grow by the inex plicable change whiclh hald come over John Solway. And wheusever I thought of John, my thoughts would always go wandering off obliquely to the pg acious face andi shin ing piresence which I had seen in the Stanleys' drawing-room by chance that afternoon. I soon went and called again at the house in Manchester Square. But I was refused admittance. Mr Solway, I was told, was out. " Was he well ?" I asked. ' Oh. yes, l ie was perfectly well." " When would he a be at lhome, then C" I enquired. " At what time was I most likely to find him in ?" SThe man couldn't say. Mr Soliay was very busy just now. 1I1 thought the morning would be the beit tim', but he really didn't know. So a day or two later I called in the mornilng. iBut again Mr Solway was not at Ilome, and 1 retired, I fear, with my temper smsewhat rulled. rI did not like John Solway's man servant. 1e was an old man and an ugly one, with evil eyes, which seemed to me to glitter much as a toad's eyes glitter in a foggy night. His voice was unctuous, and Sthat added to my distrut, And lie always ii seemed to regard my enquiries with super chlous contempt. I did not believein John S olway's being ialways out. Once I wrote to him, but he sent no answer; and after that I lost patience. To tell the truth I was eagerly pursuing my acquaintance with Miss Solvay. Miss Stanley, from sympathy with me-for she had guessed my secret-helped me in a thousand ways and by a thousand marvel lous little devices, which she thought I should never observe. Privatcly,'I believe she had made up her mind that Mllabel n Solway and I were to fall in love with one another, and though I soon discovered the , plot, I could not surely be so ungallant as to tlhwart it. Quietly,and as if withaninward smile of compassion for me, she wove her kindly web until she had entangled both of Sus within it. In course of time I began to call upon r the Solsays. They lived very quietly in a y little house in the west of London. Mrs SSolway was a dear old lady, always bright and fullof kindness, whom, so long as I have known her, I have never found to fail ' in gentle courtesy and sweetness of d demeanour-even towards the tiresomest of hores. Then there was a brother, a n dark, young, art-loving fellow, ever apolo Sgetic to me and all the world in the desire to be urbane, of whom I venture to writs thus Lanteringly, only because I hsve now learned his worth. And another brother, Stoo, I found; an elder one, who was genial i and pleasant to me when we met, but who, in those carly days of our acquaintance, a was wrapped up in his music-practising, d and whom at first I chiefly knew as a ruthless prautiser of interminable, ruthless scales. There were others of the family: indeed, in the complexity and variations of my dear co wife's pedigree are for ever a source of go limitless wonder to me. All my wife's C, immediate ancestors had married twice or t1i thrice until the involved cousinships J; defy detection. cl During the rest of that month I called ii very frequently upon the Solways. I used d, to go regularly on Sunday afternoons, and re during those November days I think it le came to be generally understood why it was that I called so often; nor was there ever wanting a warm welcome for me in q the house. And as I grew to know the Solways well, I learned their history, and so became involved in those strange circum stances, the shadow of which was already beginning to envelop us all. One day, I remember, I called in Char bourneTerrace and found that.Miss.Solway was out. Her mother was at home, how ever, and I went in to havenoa chat with her. As it chanced, tile conversation i1 turned upon the pictures-old family E pictures-which hung round the drawing room walls; and finding me iunerested in a them, Mrs Solway took me to look atthem, and explained them one by one. I could not help trying to discover a resemblance to John Solway; but though thr,,ugh all of them there ran'something of the eame type, I could not light on anything, or detect any particular point, which re minded me distinctively of John. e Presently, as we were walking round, I heard, to my great delight, the front door t open, and the next moment Mabel Solway, t bright and glowing, entered the room. 1 think she was pleased to see me (though she will never allow it now), and at any rate she greeted mo as graciously as I could hope. " I was sllowing Mr 'i'emple the portrait gallery, dear," said Mrs Solway. " Oh, mother ! how could you ? Aren't they wonderfully plain, Mr Temple? It's so aggravating, for whenever our friends ° see them, they think themselves bound to discover a likeness between them and us. And such a comparison is never flattering ° to us. But perhaps you think it is?" " Yea, I rather admire them," I said. " Oh, but then you're interested in the family. Mother, did you know that Mr Temple was the most intimate friend of our cousin John ?" " I had heard that Mr Temple knew Mr Solway," said Mrs Solway, with gentle dignity. " Yes, and I want you to tell us all about c him, please'" said Miss Solway. " I am deeply interested, and I have always wished to ask you about him." "Then why haven't you done so before?" I sid. " Well," she answered, hesitating a little, " I think one must be careful; at least, L° think one ought to know people pretty well t before one questions them about their 1 friends. And, besides, our connection with Mr Solway ie such a strange one. But I suppose you don't know that, Mr Temple ? It isn't likely that you would ever have heard of the Solway case." I had never heard a full account of the matter, and to tell the truth, I was rather curious about it. I will not detail our con versation of that afternoon, for indeed the two ladies were unwilling to tell me very much, for many reasons; partly, I think, i because they did not wish to seem to bring charges against my friend. But if I may, I will try to tell the story briefly here, as at last I learned it; and a very strange story it was. The Folway property, a fine old plncre, lying in that vague, beautiful country which south of the Tweed we term generically the t Highlands, had passed from father to son within the Solivay family for I know not how many generations. Now, I regret to say that the last lord of Solway had been an unprincipled old gentleman, who at the t age of sixty-five found himself childless t and kinless, save for a nephew, George Solway, who had always been brought up as his heir. This nephew George way the father of that young lady who is the heroine, so far as I have one, of this story, and who will ever be, I trust, the crown and comfort of my life. Well, so far all went merrily. George Solway was the acknowledged heir, and the old colonel r seemed to be drawing nigh to the end of a wasted and resultless life. But a few years before the colonel's death an event occurred Swhich mnfluonced not a little the fortunes of tihe personages of this tale. For some t years since his wife's death, the old gentle Sman had tried to find in the affections of his late wife's maid a solace for the love that lie had lost; far away, in some remote French-town, a son had been born I to this ill-assorted pair; and as the child waxed, and as the old colonel grew older and feebler - overtaken, it may be, by illness, or moved p perhaps by a long-deferred remorse-the master of Solway made up his mind that Swhen he quitted the world he would leave a wife and son to bear his name. So a few I brief months before his death, in the far away French city, the old colonel wedded I the mother of his son. r The result may be foreseen. George Solway coming home to claim his rightful r inheritance, found himself supplanted bya child of whose existence he had never heard. Then followed a long lawsu t. The question-a knotty one-turned on thle i point whether the case was to be tried by 3 Scottish or English law. By English law George Solway succeeded to the property, r of which le had been all his life the reco_ nised heir. By Scottish law the lady's maid's son, so lately acknowledged and i legalised, could claim the name of Solway, and the birthright of a lawful son. It was a long struggle, and while the. case ran on I the young boy's mother died. His guardians offered any compromise, but George Solway, a strong man and a just one, wiel a clear, if stubborn sense of his duty and his rightls, r refused. Ifthe law were with him, he would have a'l his due. If the law lay upon the other side, lie would not touch by favour what was not justly his. So tile lawyers argued out ihe cans, and imy Lhords tile Judges listened and hesitated, Siand pondered, and after six we-ks' medita \- tion, came at last to the concluiion tlhat, Sdespite his wandt rings,tlhe old colonel was a t Scotchman still, that the caseu was a case for Scottish law.and that Jolhn, and not George, i was to havuLethe Solway lands. 1 So far the law books carried me, and so the case stood. This had all passed fifteen , years ago, and now George Solway was a dead, and John, the lord of Solway, had t come of age, and entered into possession of his own. S Naturally, you will understand,the rela a tions between my friend John Solwvay and Shis cousina were strained. r But the matter did not rest there. About r the time when John Solway came of age in I formation bad reached Mrs Solway, in a strange, roundabout way, and had led the SSolsays to think seriously of re-opening the y case. At first, of courser, I did not discover owhat this information was, for the Solways, a regarding me nas John Solwvay's friend, were d ever careful to avoid saying a word which a might wound my feeling for him. Gradually, however, as I grew more and more intimate n with them all, and as, in spite of my re peated efforts, I was still rigorously ex r eluded from John Solway's house, we began to speak more freely on the subject, g and, I think, they began to trust me more. s At times it came across me that my posi .o tion as John Solway'a friend might possibly a embarrass them, and once I put the qucs. I. tion directly to Miss Soloway. I " Youi mustn't regard me as belonging e altogether to the enemy's camp," I said. S"You don't think that, do you ?" e She laughed merrily at my question. . " Of course, Mr Temple," shabe said, " that Sis exactly how I have always thought of d you-as a very dangerous spy, who may r fairly be deluded by any means in our f power." " Very well, then," I answered, feigning n offence; ' in that case I shall be compelled a to give up John Solway's acquaintance." "Mr Temple, how can you talk like It that? Why, I tell you I am anxious to be I introduced. And, besides, if you drop one ii branch of the family, I think it very pro cf bable that the other branch would feel st bound to resent the insult offered to their a cousin." . " And drop me, you mean ?" e Miss Solway smiled. o "Of course you would never think of w giving up your friends on our account. r~, Besides, it may not be Mr Solway's fault ;1 after all. I don't know. It is a mys a, terious business. But you mustn't think e, so ill of us as to suppose that we should ', ever let you give up any friend of yours a merely because we thought of him dif s ferently from you." There the subject was left for the moment. But my curiosity, I am afraid, continued. Evidently the mystery was gathering mole closely round John Solway. Could it be that in this renewed, action of the Solway family lay the explanation of John's audden visit to London, and the change which. had indubitably come over him ? While I was puzzling over this doubt of mine an incident occurred which redoubled my wonderment, and which has left its stamp on my recollection for ever. (To be Continued.) 