goriro and luflts. THE TWO ANGELS. Ood oiled tiie nearest angels irtio dwell vitfa bim TbetenderatooewuPitr, -*« dearat one «as Love. 'Ariae,' He said, 'my angels! » mn of woe and nil Steals tiuoogfa tiw E**£S ol Heaven, aad widens all 'Mf naipstake op tiie mournful attain. that bom a Ite-£teotU^lentdo-ldl Utt light and Uighfe the Mphodela. 'JHy downrodtottiataiidenrorld, and on ite soak of I^ES^dioponBaotaUDsUne, and HIT tew like Bin.' Two bcesboved before the atone, veiled In their golden Inlr* ' Fourvtate «ing- battened nitty down the dadt abrss olair. Tbc waywasaoange, the flight was long; at last the Wben-awniig'ebe loet and nether world; red wrapped images name. There Pity, draddering, wept; but Lore, with faith too Tbot£e» tram Oofs alnnghtaness and amDed a smile cfcheec Andlo! Oat tear of Pity ooenched the flame whereon Andjiria the sunshine ot that smile, hope entered into Two mneiled laces Ion of joy looked upward to the FoofwMto'wmgsJoIdtd at the leet of Him who sat thereon! And deeper than tbe sound of seas, more sound liian faffinrflake. Amid* thebmn of wing and sonstheToice Eternal ?pate. ?? Wdoome, my angels ! ye have brousht a holier joy to Henoetortt'itiaweetest song ahaD be the songot sin forerrenr If tbe bore would only turn on himself what an experience it -would be to him. Tbe rich man cannot enter the kingdom of heaven, and the poor doesn't seem to be at all anxious to. The present style of feminine dress shows one at a gUnee what a tremendous humbug a bustle was. In the Japanese House of Peers just elected, there are twenty-two fanners, fifteen mer chants, and but one nobleman. 'Is your husband an American by birth ?' Mra-Booney— 'Yir.sor, he is that same. He has a berth in the police department.' A traveller, recently returned from Pata gonia, remarks that the natives are gentle, afiable, and sociable, their greatest drawback being that they are cannibals. Dnmley (impressively ) : ' Pon my word,d'ye know if I— aw— should see a ghost I believe I shonldbecomea — aw— cliatteringidiot.' Miss Quicker (softly) : ' Do tell us about the ghost you did see, Mr. Dnmley.' little Janet was eating at the teatable when she suddenly burst into tears. ' What is the matter Janet?1 inquired her mother. 'Oh,' nbbed Janet, when she had recovered a little, 'my teeth stepped on my tongue.' During a melodramatic performance a stout ladybegantosob violently. Anxious husband ? 'Come, my dear ; let's be going ; this is too lunch for your feelings.' Wife: 'What does it matter to yoa as long as I am enjoying myself?' A large crowd was waiting the opening of the doors of the Opera House on the night of a Caledonian concert, A young man chanced to step on the toes of an old lady in the crowd. 'Oh, Ibegyour pardon,' he said. 'Na,na, my man,'Sretumed the old lady, angrily; 'beggin' my pardon 11 nadae rUhactogie ye a skelp f the Ing ;' and she did so, and was sataned. 