YACHTING. SAILING NOTES. By SriXNAKEB. TI10 .nial dinner of tho Hobson's Bay club, held on Friday evening, 11th July, proved n very successful affair. Tbero was a largo attendance, and Mr. J. A. Davies, in tho absence of Commodore Press, occupied the chair. "When the usual preliminaries had como to an end, Commodore Krone, Brighton Y.C., proposed Success to the Hobson's Bay Y.O. He remarked that notwithstanding tho superior natural advantages of "Williamstown, ynohting was for many years confined to the northern side of tho bay. So soon as a Willinmstown club was formed it proved a success, and coin- prising, ns it did, some of the finest craft in the nay, it should continue to prosper. Tho lion, sec., Mr. Thomas Burnet, responded. He told tho history of tho oluh in a few words, and added that much of its success was due to tho kind treatment and support it had received at tho hands of the senior clubs. Alluding to tiie proposal to amal gamate all the Bay clubs, he expressed his con viction that if this idea were carried into effect tho spirit of rivalry which now existed among them would he destroyed, nnd tho outside pub lic would cease to take auy interest in thorn. Kindred Clubs was proposed by Mr. T. L. Parker. Looking at the extensivo array of trophies won by tho Hobson's Bay olub, Mr. Parker said lie was reminded of a saying of Lord Nelson's when ho heard the French wero building a new style of lino of battlo ships. " Let them build. It is all tho better for the British navy." It had been said that handsome prizes wero coming from across tho water. If so, it was all the better for Williamstown, for it scorned that whilo other clubs provided tho trophies tho Hobson's Bay club stepped in nnd won them. Referring to the Royal Yacht Club, of which ho is also a member, Mr. Parker said that its prospects were brighter than they had been in years gone by. This was tho result, to a great extent, of tho spirited con duct of the junior clubs. The ensuing season of the senior club was expected to provide even more interesting sport than tho ono just closed. Mr. Frank Robertson, lion, sec. of tho Royal olub, in replying, npologisod for the absence of tho flag officers, llobsou a Bay, in liis opinion, was specially suited for centre board racing, and boats of that class, of say 30 tons, should beat any of tho keel crooks in tho colony. On tho subject of federation, iio reminded his hearers that during tho Russian war scaro tho yaohts- men of Victoria eamo forward and volunteered their services to the Go vernment. Ho hoped that if any emergency arose in tho future they would evince tho samo patriotic spirit. Commodoro Heard, of tho i 1 edcral "V aclit Club, was tho next to respond. He was proud of his position, for ho had olinrco of tho nnraorv for smuur. ,P Vii Ii. i VJ j»wuw»ineii on luo Albert 1 ark lagoon, from which many of tho skilled amateurs of tho senior clubs had been drafted. For years past ho had looked for the development of that hardihood whioh char acterised tho yachtsmen of the old country and which was so essential to tho success oi what he rightly termed the manliest sport under tho sun. Henco ho was glad to seo tho spirit of emulation that was beginning to show itself in sailing matters. Too much was thought of football by tlio young men of this colony, and he trusted yachting would yet como -in -T',10 Government gavo considerable aid to kindred pastimes, and it was high timo thoy devoted a little to the cultivn- turn of amateur sailing, so as to enablo our youth to qualify themselves to play their nart in the defence of tho colony whenever occarion should arise. If members supported their officers tho success of tho olub wus assured Responses, were also made by Commodoro Krone (Brighton) and Vice-commodore Mover. (St. Kilda). Tho l'rizo WinnersrS Lose s -am, nor toasts brought tho proceedings to a A presentation was mado to the lion, scere- tary, Mr. Burnet, ;n tlio courso of tlio eveiihig in recognition of bis zeal and onerey in th« in!, rests of tho olub. The gift took Z form of a marble timepiece, and was presented by tho chairman, in a few wo 1 choson words, on behalf of the mombers. The distribution of prizes won during tho season also took place. Tho list of pnzo winners is as follows — rw,,! Sweepstake Race : Capt. M'Lean's Hyacinth 1 Whittle trophy oyents: Capt. M'Lean's Hra'- cinth, 1 ; II. Press's Cooecaiia, 2. Cruso trn.il, „ tfor junior members) : H. E. Press's Athlete? N. Barker's Hyacinth, 2. Carlton and West Bud Brewery trophy : Capt. M'Unn'. ir cinth,1; C. and fe. Dean's Native, 2. uteris trophy (open class race, presented l,r i ,„ maltsters of Melbourne) : ir. ffH, 1; W. Hansen's Wrinkle 2- ? Co..ocn"!|. Camilla, 3. Consolation Raco! W.' Griffith'! Advontnrer, I ; H. Mason's Sunbeam o An intercolonial regatta is boine »rnil.t.i i tho Holdfast Bay Yacht S, South Australia, to come oif in the season 1891- 92\. A letter from the lion, secretary was re ceived at the last meeting of the Royal 1. nclit Club of Victoria. Ite object was to ascertain tlio minimum amount for prizes that would induce the yacht owners of tins colony to com- peto. . t The Royal club has made ft move in the r'Sjrt dircotion by reducing its entrnucc fee from £5 5s. to £2 2s. This should serve to popularise tho olub and add substantially to its members' roll, a consummation that will bo gladly wel comed by all true lovers of tho sport, Ihe material progress of one club should but stimu late the cnergi03 of others, and 41 mako things hum "all round. Two new members (Messrs. A. H. Fisher and T. H. Linklnter) were elected last week, and four additional nominations were received. Tho lion, secretary, lion, treasurer, officers and committee wero accorded a vote of thanks for their satisfactory conduct of the club's business during the past year. The English Thistle, beaten by the American Volunteer for the cup in 1887, and which had been laid up ever since, recommenced racing in May. She has been altered to somo extent, having 3 feet less mast, 3 feet less topmast, 5 feet less bowsprit, about 3 feet less boom, 18 inches less gaff and a considerably smaller sail spread. The Thistle is now 124 rating, and has to concede the new Iverna 1 min. 30 sec. in a 50 mile course. Tho season opened with the Royal London Yacht Club matches. Thistle proved too much for Iverna and led her all day. Yarana burst lier bohstay, and lost 10 minutes, but sho got a lift of wind, and, hard sailed, won the match with less than half a minute to spare. Deerhound beat the two new forties, Castanet and Creole, after a very close race. Castanet is from a design by J. Sloper, of tho Tay and Co. firm, and Creole is a "Watson design. Chiquita, among the twenty- raters, beat Dragon, the champion of this class last year, as well ns Velzic, Siola and Ghost On the following day, in the Royal Londou races, Iverna ran woll in the light wind, hut in tho beat back of 27 miles, Thistle, after once weathering her, settled away fast and finished over 2 min. ahead, She only took second place, however, ns Yarana again saved her time. In the race of tho 40's, Deerhound was beaten by both Cnstauetand Creole ; and iu tho 20 class Dragon won easily, with Velzie second. 