Doctor Spencers Great Crime. ' I was eiitirs iu my ciiiic. half dezing ov<:r j>n interminable liiiiclc on nutrition iu the la=t medical .review. The lire iu the {.rate was low, tLe night was stormy, and the clock ""was juKt oa iLc btrckc of cfcveu, I i was about to turn oil the gas acd retire, for, bring a.bccijclor, I slept in the room j connected'With my oHicc, when there was a pull at the tell- I started up suddenly, for this was something quite new, Middlebury was a decoreua* sort of place and the people usuaJly managed to be taken sick at eia Ojabl'3 hours. Oid Mrs. Jerome hud becu threatening to die for the past five years, and every time I visited her she eoletuLly informed me that when the de nsi\e moment did conic she desired me present. liut aa i othing ai^el the old lady beyond bow an,j tJjea an iudigeslioD, from too high living, I Laa nevsr yet been called upon to be present at Ler death. Now, I tliougot it mu?t be that old Mrs. Jerome is gOSEg. 1 took up my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of strong, damp elect wind reailytx-.icgnicfced the light, but, shading it with niy hand, I discerned the face of a woman. - Gome in, I said, holding open the Sho declined with a gesture of im patience. _ ,, ^-°u must come out, and be quick about it," ahe said, in sharp, deciiive voice. 1 put oa my overcoat without demure, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the £toim. As I did so ihe"woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putiiug her face close to mine, said : "Doctor LuckwoGd, can yotj keen a secret?" * " 1 think so. mftduUi, ' "Swear it." " la this secret 0f yours of a professional character ? 1 hat is, ie it anything j-e:u with to confide in mo as a mcdical mau i" • 11 is." '■ Very well, then, I sweaf it." " That is sijht." A man r-especta an oath, though why he saou.d ie u mystery, since men's mouths are running cvtr with them, j " Wnilher arc you t iking me. and for what purpose ? ' "To the Cllftou House to gee the mistress," wes tbc reply. I started. Cluton House was the old msntion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a stranger to every one in Middleluiy. Spencer was a tall, datk, raihir distinguished looking pirson, wi o had hung out his si go in the villa°e only a few doers above mine, bat as yet he Sad 110 practice. He was unsociable in tfce < x'reme, avoidirg his m Jghbcre persistently,and when he did rp&ak; it was in so curt, half savago a way that no cne was likely to prcl d» the ccnver-iition. ° The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no one had <v*r seen her. She was an invalid, and M S3 M Jrcse, a friend of the family, preti jf d ovtrihe i.ouse, and sat at the head I of the tabic. M'es Mdrofc was very bcauti f.ii1 and won ihe af miration c-f all who visited G.ilton House by her ease of manner and taEcinniing conversation. "As wc walk aloog. let me explain to you just what is accessary for you to know My inistree- is very ill," eaid my companion. ' * F!; J'Oiw pardon— is it Mrs. Spencer or MifsMelroee? She laughed bilteily. ^ " Miss M-.lrcse 1 I would stab her to the nrart eccner ihan own her for a mietrtes. My mistress is a lady—noli?, royal End of gentle fcitth. It ia an honor to serve her.' '* And is she ill ? How long eicce?" ' E er sicca ehe married him—curse him !" she uiiferal, in a fiercer tone, "liut I must not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather hers. Two years ego, through the desire of Ler dying father, Alice Ifeudoa be came Jsmes Spencer'e wife. Before that ehe was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately alter their marriage she began to fail. Do you Fee anything strange in that?" I " Not ncceesarily." | " Lst me enlighten you further. Doctor fopencer was at one time engaged to Miss i Lucille Melrose, but he broke the engage ment, and married my mistress instead, Miss Melrose was as poor' as Job's turkey. Miss : Herdon was an heiress, and Doctor Sueccer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his i Cit£ i on"" yo" eee anything strange in that ? "Perhapsso. Good." | " When my mistress married Speccer ehe was only seventeen, and had been taught to ocey her father in everything. She was a gentle, affectionate child, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love. But ho did not care for that. It paid hia debts and bought him fast borees ; it set his table with nice and ccslly dishes, and put it in his power to keep Miss Melrose roh^d like a queen. ^iud all this time rny mistress has been slowly butsurrly smLiog, and look you. Doctor Lockwood, I think she i3 not dying of uiecasr, but of "--she lowered her voice to a whisper as she tpeke the woid i " poison !' " Impossible This ia a grave charge." " Of poison given her by hc-r husband, who. at Ler death will have the sole control cf her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There ia no time to explain the detaili oi the tbcusend and one circumstance w-hich has led me to believe it, for we are almost at the door. It is never the case that Miss Mtlroee flcu opencer arc cut the house at the sacue t ime., or I should have called a physician 'be fore ; but to-night, they are both called awsy by the death cf Miss Melrose's sister, and will not bo bsck until to-morrow. With tfce consent of toy mislress I came for ycu, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you save her. I nursed her when her moiher died and left her a helpless infant; a'l through her innocent youth she was like an own child io me • and now topee hc-r fadirg hourly bsfore my eyes ! Grtat]leaven ! If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, hia life should pay the forfeit.' r * I was already beginning to f€tl a deep interest in Mre. Spencer, although J had never seen her, and like her own nurse I was beginning to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spencer. Mrs. Spencer received ine in her bed cuEtticei. It was on the second floor, and w&e; fuiisiyhed with tsquisite elegance. G very thing in tue room bespoke the rtlined taste of the cecjpaut. The warm sir was fragrant with I the odor of hcliotiope, end glancing around I j i.-as the purpu: blossoms and green leaves'in an ; siabnster \asb on the edge of the fiouth I window. I S-'(j a woman who, once seen, could i never u& forr.otleu. I have met in my life a beautiful woman, but ne'ver one so lowly. She rail and strajght, with a purely ova! ffl<*£■■, liquid hrown eyep, aud a j <;ash of hectic in li<jr cheek which is not seen in health. Sho rteeivsd rue gracefully, as I fcnow trlie d;J r-yt iy cne, and though there wa slight e^icarrassHierit in her manner m spoke of her illness, she answered my proietsioiial inquiries witfceut hesite tior. Aslcr myself, I 'aul asiae ail false delicacy ari'3 qa"stios3c-d her plainly as to her sv:r.n tomg. Jlrs, Hard, thejinrse, rrmain.-.d inibe room, and adJ- jd ma'.sy important items of information. Wiit-n r.':e spoke cf herliUibsndit voe'viih a £«r of hopcle«s sadcass whifch difctrcwed . fireatiy. Not a b:eath cf suspioion i G<^v.;nst hi rr. was in her snsv/trs to niy qucs- s tiojis, and I feit ture that at prrscijt'pbe knew nothing of such seiious afprehtn- I E10I3F. my own conclusion?. L con!.I lave tworu tbut Mis. Sucnccr daiiy swallowed arstnic in small quantities, and the deadly drrg was tciliogou iitr constitution. S!io said, auhwering iny qnesiioiis, that she had no physician tscept hir himbai.d. Ho thought hinjsell belter acquainted with her case, and therefore better qualified to t reat htr. lie never It-It medicine fcr'her to take ; he always brought it from lis cilice aud administered it promptly. There was little I could do in such a case. Anxious to do everythirg, the very ehcum etai cas of the til air left ine nearly powerkts, A charge of euchnature, cf course. I could not make sgainBt Doctor Spencar without the proof. If - I hinted a suspicion everyone i would set it down to my professional pre judice; and if I could not substantiate j my statement the doctor could malic me pay ! deaily for euch a slander uttered against him. Tiiconly dependence seemed to be in Mre. Hurd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. 1 told her without resetve that I thought Dr. Spencer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought ber to constantly watch to 6ave the victim, and discover some proof by which we can fasten tho guilt on her hus band. She smiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gave her a powerful antidote for the poieon 1 suspectcd, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not bleep that night, and all the next day I wa6:-in a high fever cf excitement. A'ring.at the bell mado me tremble—a step on the gravel out tide aiy oiilica stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what I oxpccted to hear. I felt sure that I should hear something before I slept, ^ Aud now I must tell tho etory as it was told to me. ^ ~ Doctor Spenew returned home tBfe morning after my visit to the Clifton Home, lie looked wretchedly, the nurse said ; appeared gloomy and depressed. Mies Mc-lroee came with him, and looked decorously fad over the death of her sister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They neither overdo or underdo the thing, as womtn of fecliug arc likely to do. Doctor Speuccr came at once to his wife's chamber. lie thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he wotli go end fetch it. f You are always ordering cordials for ber," said I-iis, liurd, musingly. " Why not take something yourself J You look like a ghost!" Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : " 1 thiak I will iake some of the cordial mj3tlf, for I do not feel quite well. Alice dear, t.ball 1 bring it here and drink your health '!" Mrs. Spencsr smiled sadly in assent—she never disputed her husband—and he went out. IVosemly he returned with twoglaseee. Both contained liquor colorless and odorless. Mw. Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told me that ebe felt the decisive moment bad come. There was something in the grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told ber of a desper ate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife, " Drink it, dear," he said. " It's a panacea Tor a'l evils. I am also going to take a glass of it,:' and he pointed to the glas3 still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and waa putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd interrupted. " If you will bring her a tu-abler cf water, doeicr. Mrs. Spenccr complains that the cordial leaves a bud taste in her mouth, and icy old bones are so full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If he had any suspicions Iter manner quieted them, atd putting down the glass he left the room. Then Mrs. liurd changed the position of the glasses. When he caine back—and he was gone bat a moment—the nur^e stood exactly where he had left; her, and Mrs. Speccir was lyiug back in her chair with lier eye8 closed. Again he lifted the glass—this time it was the one intended for himself—and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed toe contents, drank a little of the vatcr he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. "Now for my own cordial," lie said, with tJ'f-ctcd gaiefr. •' I indulge in. ssJi^etUiug stronger." ' ?• As he speke he tossed elf the mixture. '• It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to see him do it," said Mr?. Hurd, re lating the circumstance to me, " but as Heaven ib my witness I ielt no couecicnce. 1 argued like this: * If it waa simply cordial, it would do no barm; if it waa poison, Lis blood would be upon hie own sinful head,'" lie went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In tte morning they found him dead. I was called to the fcsl-tnortem examination, and we discovered an the btomach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison tnowu to modern science to kill half a dczen men. My brother physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her story, I had my awn theory as to the cause of his death. There waB no public ex posure, however. Mrs. liurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretched tCair public, and so we kept our own counsel. Miss Melros?, in ppite of my conviction that the had an active part in the conspiracy against Mr". Spencar'e life, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and hapgard face a'a hers I have never seen, and when they buried Doctor Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though she recovered in health, ebe was neverhersell again. She was a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gathering flowers aud decora ting the doctor's grave with them. Siie is I living still, and still gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under the violets, did Alice know the perlidy cf ber former husband. When 1 told her, after the first shock was cwr, she crept into my arms and whis pered ; " But if it hod not been for James' crime I should not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil." "WU.AT is the reason that all children are geniuses—though they contrive so eoon to outgrow that dangerous quality—except that they never cross-examine themselves on the subject? The moment that process begins, their speech loses its gift of unexpectednesp, and they become as tediously impertinent as ■ the rest cf us. Practical application is the only mordant which will set things in the memory. Study, without it, is gymnastics, and notworlr, whkli alone will get intellectual bread. | No one can ask honestly or hopef nlly to be ! delivered from temptation unlets he has ; himself honeEtly and firmly determined to do the beet he can to tesp ont of it. A mas'will be behind while he follows a I leader, and will comprehend the eer- Ee of his | owh esia'acce only when he goes inde j pendcut. Natxjbk is "upheld by antagonism. Passions, rcaistancs, danger, ure educators. We acquire the strength we have overcome. Treat all men end women considerately sml you ■will be surprised at the dividends that iiomc to you daily and yearly. It ia a wise rule to take the woild as we 