IMoveltet. WYTHRED'S WHARF. CHAPTER X. wi WCCI1 1',amci!otroet Rm' "'0 River . Thames, upon a spot on which the custlo . , of an English inuuarch once stood, tbero \- stands a lofty warehouse— 30 lofty that , . . oven at. inid-dny it throws sonic shadow upon tlic broad whnrf below. . - , . . Itis a busy scene ; for upon that Bilcnt highway, whero formerly tlio gilded . bar-cs of royalty glided to and fro with . cargoes of dames and coartiors, black baigea now pas in slow procession, led by asthmatic tugs of tho moot democratic ap« pcaraiicc. Hero laiightor seldom greets tlin car ; _ wiq hoarse shouls a;o hoard of Imrgo and lightermen, nnd the constant trundling of , iron trucks loaded with sicks, boxes and . baits ; but nbovo all other noi.io sounds tho rattling chainwork of hugo cranes when tho goods nro liftod into tho nir and swallowed up at somo wido aperture upon ono of tho numerous floors of tho Wftrohouso— a warohotiao which would sooiu to boast of unlimited accommoda tion ; for tho unloading from tho lighters and tho lifting of merchandise into ono storeroom or another go 0x1 day after day. Upon tho first floor of this warehouse, looking out upon tho river, is Sir. Liu- tock'a oflice. Mr. Lintock is tho proprie tor. Wythroil'o wharf and wareliouao liavo been in tho family for generations. Few richer men arc to bo found than John Lintock in tho city of London ; and . VOt. (IS I10 Hat Into ono nftnrnnnn nl lit dosk, this princo wlmrf-owncr lind n dis contented, troubled lprik. Ilia brow, was douply wrinkled, and tlio expression in hia 1 eyes wns tlint of n ntttn who wna con- stnutly linuntod by boiod distressful thought, A knock at hia oflieo door, for 110 obvious roaaon, atartlcd ltim. It waa growing duaky on tlio rivor, nnd tho men woro bogiuning to disperao for tlio night. It was duskier still in tho wlmrf-ownor's / room. . ' ' Who's tlint ?" Mr. Lintock, linlf- . rising, siindod. Ilia oyos with liis hand;. "Duckot?" " Yos, sir." - " Ah, .that's right,: Well, Duokot, . . what is it ?'' . -.'.V,'' ; . . Looking round tlio sombro room tho mnn. Bald : . "Shall Flight your lamp, sir ?" askod Duokct. . . . " No, Duokot, I shall not nssd.it to-' night ; I utn going lionie. Havoyouony; thing to say ?" nuoicct was 01 r. Jjintocks foroman. Ho was n . brond-shquldercd mnn, with . largo liinbs. add a groat, honest faoo. .His figure was angular— a rathor gaunt form, . aggravated in ' its 3toop by; constantly bonding to lift lipitvy weights. Ho had . tho kocu, searching oyos of ono long.nc- ' oustomod to tho supervision of a liivo of . workmen. " You wished tlio- to toll you, sir, wlion : : I Saw Clogatoiin again.'-' ' . ' " Well V" said :5Ir. Lintock, noticing . sonioiiesitntioii., ; " I havo seen liiin," . " About the. wharf?" ' " No ; ho lias given up coming lioro. . Ho took tlio hint . I gavo luin last timo nnd has stopped coming Ibis way, though \- 1 novor thought ho would.".; ; " Whore, .... then, did yon soo him?" . r. nskod Mr. Lintock. ' 1 " On London Bridge. Ho was lounging ... thoro, sir, leaning. dvp'r-.thq. parapet. -It . wnn rrrtHtnrr flnrlr. nnrl ' T.Rnw hlrri lnnlc nt tho wnrehpuBo mid thon into tho rivor, as : . jfho hnd half a mind to, drown himself. I'm a-thinking, eir, that ho'a getting a bit . ; - daft." ; " A. danger to himsolf," tho .wharf- . owner nnBWorcd thoughtfully.-;- And to othorn, air, " naid tho foreman, Biguificautly. . Ho's plotting, A man hko Ologatoun would -slick at .nothing, ( Bir," -. What do" you mean by /.thnfc, Duofcot 1 ' " 'Duokct twisted hia cajj in his hand and " glanocd out of- tho window upon, tho daikomng river. .plotting rovongc,"flftid ho. "Lhr 'J -; b:v . " Plotting rovongo," repeated Duokot, With. a quick look'at hiu inaotor, 41 Why, T-' ' thoso brokon-djwn, drunken chnps like .-v Ologstoun, sir, haven't anything to Iobo— . - llioy aot no value on life." " Do you mean their own : : ' »« \vo. air— noithcr their own nor other pooplo's- You'll excuao mo, air ; but if ' you had aeon tho faco of him—" Tho foreman atoppod abruptly. Some- thin ' m Mri Lintock'a fnco abrined him ; ft'kecn atub could scaroely havo produced v a, mor;o sudden change. But tho stftvtlcd ' expression passed beforo ho could ask if : V;.. V-hiB mnBtor woro ili. . . . . ' ' 44 Duckot,". said Mr. Lmtock, rising \- fiom hiH chair, "if Ologatoun over cornea ' . to tho wharf you Imvo my loavo to hand 'I .v: Jiim over to the police. We niuat run 110 .1- risks 111 11 placo liko this. I am fi?n" .t0. <) see that you nro alive to tho fact that tho .Ulan xsadangorous character. \- ' Ao ho drove that evening toward Lon- ' don Brirlgo Station through tho lump-lit "-streets, Mr. Lintook pcored rcatlesaly out ' of tho carriage window ; and iu tho largo \- thoroughfares, whero men with uncontn, r-: dissipated faces laughed and talucu at v'- . half-opon tavern doors, ho looked about ' him with tho liorror of ono who droaueu : to roconniso somo rcpulsivo faco among v them. It was not until the wlmiX-owucr had pasod into iho crowded station tliat ' '.'io' Boomod to llirow oil' in somo degrco ' this cunosilj' abdjit hu fellow-men. Mr, Liutook Ifyod at Gvccnwioh, and r/-'. \ ; 1 " viv/"'- : 1 . ; . I thoti aiii, w.ni on tlie point ol slarting. As ho stepped into nn empty compartment and tho.- poller was cloning the door, a young mnn came up out of breath mid jfoppod iii uftor him. . 13y tho diui. light tlioy ropogniaed each other' as friends, and a-warih cxehaiigo 0/ groctings fol lowed, . 44 Why, Ovorbock, what takes you to Groonwich,:oh?" naid tho wharf-owner. "I was coming to visit you." 44 Tbdino with us V" 44 Yes." 44 1 am dolightod to henr it." A mattor of business betwoon Mr. Lintock and Percy Ovorbcck lind origi nally brought them together; Ovorbcck had taken , jxurt of a iiouso in Trinity Squaro, as n junior partnes in a Hnmburg firm, and often hnd occasion to laud goods at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in hia youngor daya, Jjad known Ovcrbeck's paronts ; and ho had welcomed to a placo on his hearth this son of his old frionda, as Boon as ho presented hta letter of ro- commendation ; and so it - came to pass that tho young Hamburg merchant quickly Joarned to renliao that Mr. Lin tock lmd a fascinating 'dauJtor. Nor did he despair of oomo day winning Bertha Lintock'a hand. Tho train wan in rapid motion. Tho two frionds sitting opposite each other, woro chatting plcasantly,wlicn aatartling clnngu came over Mr. Lintock'a faco. The expression was that of abject terror. With his eyos fixed as though ho woro fascinated — ixed upon tho further win dow of tho enrriago— tlio wharf-ownor sat pale and speechless. Ovorbcck could not withdraw his gnzo ; and eo completely did Mi. Lintock'a face and attitudo imprcw him, that for tho moment ho imagined something super natural had appeared to him. Turning hia head to follow tho direction of tho wharf-owner's eyes, Ovcrbcck was mir- Eriscd to aco no phantom— nothing viaiblo cyond tlio window but black. night. Ovci'bcck Illae'Jil hi hntir! All \fr. T.tn. tock'a arm, "Aro wo in danger? You stare as though you anticipated something ter rible. If tlicro is any real—" Tho cldor man raised Iris hand to silcnco his companion, nt tho same timo covering his eyes with tho other as if to shut out somo rcpulsivo sight. 44 Thoro is no danger— no danger now. It lias gono by," This answer, in Overbcck'a oxcitcd stnto of mind, did not satisfy. "Thoro was danger, thenV If it was real, nnd not inero fancy—" 4It was real. It's lucky wo mot to-night. Your prosenco has saved my life." 44 In what possible way?" 44 Do not question mo now," said Mr. Lintock, with groat earnestness. 44 1 saw, as difttinctly as I see you at this mo- ntont, a fico at tiiat farther window — a fnco that haa haunted mo for inoro than a year." > Ovcrbcck sprang up to go to tho car riage door ; but hia companion placed a restraining hand upon hifl arm. 44 Don't stir I Tho faco has gone — it would bo madness I" Tho cngino shrieked, and tho- carriages began to slacken pace; In another min- uto the train lmd eomo to a standstill in Grconwich Station. CHAPTER IL Tho Lintock man8ion, iu the. neighbor hood of Groomvioh I'ark; was surroundod by a high gardon wall. Tho great iron gnto, - leading, into.- a lnrgo courtynrd, might havo boon the cntranco to a prison, and its gloomy nspocb filled Percy Over- book's mind with vnguo fcriTS, But wlion U10 front door was thrown open,r and lio stepped with bin hoafc into a broad, woll- lighted liall, nil aenso of dread was in stantly dismissed, for nfc fcllrt fnnh nt tUn oaken slnircnso stood Bortha Lintock. Sho was a tall, graceful girl of ninc- toon ; nnd sho always looked lxor host, in Poroy's opinion, at theso moments of grocting with her fnthor. not that her. dark eyes woro wanting in thoir.oloquent. expression of wolcomo when thoy mot his. But sho nimply said in a charming tono of well-feigned surprise : 4 Mr. Ovcrbcck. How very kind this ;is-I" as fiho took his proffered hand,. :'Ovorbeck could not fail to notico, from" Bertha's, anxious glaneo nt her failicrV facb; that alio gnoascd Domething Inid ru- coutly upset him. Was it possible that such a troiible ns this, which ho had acci- dbntally discovered, weighed upon hor father's nxind ? Bertha's first words, .wlion thoy woro nlono in tho drnwing- rooin beforo dinner, 44 Havo you marked tho chnngo in roy fnthor? To night lib does- uob seem tlio siimo man, con vinced Ovovbock that' olio had boon told. nothing. . 44 Ho is groatly changed," replied tho young man. > 44 1 am much eoncornod about him." 44 Can anything bo dono ?" 44 1, sincerely hopo.your father will talk to mo of himeolf this ovening. I shall draw him out," Jio addod, laughingly, to reassuro hor, 44 over our cigar." Borthn's ; eyes expressed hor sonab of gratitude. During dinner Mr, Lintock was deoply abstracted ; in fact, ho loft Bertha to do all tlio talking.;.' so sho and Poroy con versed togotlior to ' their hea;rts'. con- tout. As soon n3 dinner was ovor, Bortha roso to loavoi Whilo Ovcrbeck atood holding open tho door, tho girl gave him ono of thoso appealing looks as sho passed out which ho .romcmbered long' aftor. 44 Now that wo nro alone," said Mr. Lintock, 44 1 will ask your attention for a few minutes. ' I want to toll you of tho fnco that haunts mo. I Imvo intended for somo timo speaking to you, Tho in cident in the train to-night lino decided mo.", Ovovbeck, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking atten tively at Mr. Lintock, said : ; 44 I nm doeply intorofitcd," After a few minutes' pause, tlio wlmrf- owner inquired ; 44 Do you romomber, Ovorbcck, an in dividual of tlio nnmo of Clogstoun ¥" Ovorbcok shook his head. '4I Ho wnB a. workman on tho wharf, I dismissed him for insobriety." <4A dark person, with black, hungry eyoa'f" asked Ovcrbeck. " 14 That's tlio man, as you decribo him— that's tho man whoso fnco I saw at tlio carriago window- to- night." Tho younger man's handsome eyes wore fixed searchingly upon his host. 44 Not really 44 Yos, what oho?" 44 1 thought you might mean his ghost," said tho ynung 'niKhj "ftmilirig. ' 44 1 moan tho man's face. 1 Imvo nd bohtifiudisoiubudicd spirits, " tk But/' said Ovcrbeck, 44 unless the mail Ologatoun is doad — " , 44 IIo is not dead. IIo threatens mo"; ho has dono 90 for months. I suo his fnco everywhere— everywhere," said MriJLin- ' tock, glancing unoasily round tho room. For a moment tho wharf-owner placed Ins hand across his eyes, as ho had done in tho railway carriago ; but quickly re covering himself lio said: 44 Ologatoun had often boon employed on tho wharf, and as often discharged, owing to his tipsy nnd quarrelsome . habits. Ho .insultod ovcryono ho camo across, when oxcitcd by drink,' until .it was thought ho must bo out of his mind. Whon nblast I refused to listen to his appeal to be given anothor clianco, ho muttered, 1 You shan't ruin mo for no thing, Mr. Lintock ; you had bettor think this over.' I did not liko lus look thon ; thoro was a .strango expression in his oyos — a look that scorned to mo to con tain a touch of insanity. A few dnys aftorwnrd ho accosted mo m tho street, loaded rao with insult, and vowed I10 would not rest until ho had taken my lifo." Ovorbock started up with an angry ex clamation on his lips. 44 The man is mnd !" 44 1 treated this threat at first ns tho silly uUcranco of a drunkard," continued Mr. Lintock. 44 It gavo mo nt .the mo ment no roal uneasiness. But as timo went by, hia conduct began to alarm mo. Ho again accosted me, and bccamo moro insolent. I warned him that I should bo forced, if ho did not coaso to annoy me, to tuko tho matter beforo a magis trate." 44 Ah! you did right. I should havo dono so at once, though." 44 But that has no cfToct. IIo still dogs my stops if I vonturo out aftor dark. I soo his eyes fixed on me at ovcry corner ; and unless something is dune to put a stop to it I shall bo ill. My duties at tho wnrohotirn nru n. ati()li>Sniif. im-it- And innn without Clogslouii'a wrotchcil faco threat ening mu night nnd dny." Ovcrheck wns pacing op nnd down tho room. Ho could not red with tlio thought of Mr. Lintock iii.ultcd nnd harassed at cry turn. " Does nnyono know of this affair ex cept ouraolvcs ?" ho asked. Tlio wharf-owner reflected n moment. "Ducket, I think, suspects something j nobody else." "Not oven your daughter ?" " I iinvo never sjiokoii to hor on tlio subject," said Mr. Lintock, cvnsivoly. After n moment's pause, Ovcrbcck asked : "Call you givo mo Clogstoun'o ad dress ?" Tho wharf-owner looked up cur- prised. " It never occurred to mo that lie had any. In what hole or comer of London would lie lndeo V Ilis nnnenrnnco was no better whon I saw him last than tlint of n vagabond or tramp." " Ho must bo known to tho polico." " So I liopo, for ho has fallon very low. He wns lank seen by Duckot on London Bridge, eontoniplnting, I should think front tho account ho -gavo mo, suicido or somctliing-svorso. Is tlicro a crimo tlint onu so proiligato would not commit ? Tho thought makes 1110 shuddorl If you hnd scon his faco lo-night, tho dread would Imvo laid hold of you as it lias of 1110 — that my life is in diingor." . , Ho spoko in a voiy onrnest tono, but thoro was no traco of agitation, in his ronnnor.' His words, "My. lifo is in danger," scorned to express tlio convic tion of n sound-minded man capable of maturn reflection. " You nro seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintook, that tlio face nt tiio carriage window was real, nnd not imaginary ?" . Mr.. Lintock, with n thoughtful look hoiit upon the ground, replied xii.ii. is n (piunrion 10 wmcn i: Winn, Ovorbeok, I could givo yon a satisfactory answor. Is it real ? Tlio fnoe,:ns 1 tell .yon,- threatens, mo ihomoniarily — so un expectedly ; it sooms- -only too real." Thon ho suddenly added witli nseavohing gliinco, "You do not think .my brniu nlTcctcd ? Woll, well, it . is not surpris ing if you do, I liavo. enough worry at tlio wharf, somotimos,' without- this ono, to drivo 1110 crazy." - ' Ovorbeck promised to tnko iho matter seriously ill hand ; nnd aftor aoino further conversation on tlio knbject, of a rd- .nssuring natiirq, Mr. Lintoclc proposod that they should join Bertha in th'o drr.wing-room. Sho was nt tho piano, 'hut sho roso when thoy otiino. ill, gavo thorn Ion, and' paid Borno delicate Iittlo attoiitions to hor ' fatlior. Thou bIio returned to tho piano, and began to play n sonata that seemed liko an accompaniment to -hor - .drcniny though to. . Presently Percy Overbook wont softly to n chnir beside licr, for Iho whdrf- ownor had fallon dsloopi " Ho has spoken to you," said tho girl, still nceompanying hor dream. "II110 ho not i" .Her faco was troubled, and tears word- in her dark eyes. . " We havo talked tlio mattbr'ovor, IIo has told 1110 ovorything. Do not bo dis- IrosBcd; thoro is no need. Have confidpnco in tno, will you, as iin old friond ?'. \- Tlicro was little occnBion to hixvo asked this, Bortiia's. -faco, though . troubled, had not lost its trustfulness. " Why should you doubt tlint?" was tho girl'B reassuring reply. " For weeks paBt I hiivo wished tlint my father would spook to you. I know that somothing. distiirhod him. But hois sdconsidornto I Ho .lias dono his best to liidoit from me,' fearing to alarm me." . " It is about a discharged workman- it is best that you should know— a follow who threatens your fathor. Tho ufliiir has unnerved him j but I liopo to put in utter a light. You aro not frightened, I hepo'i" t'Now ;uot iiow,"naid"Borlha in a low voic# — "not now, that you aro lifting half tlio burdon ofl' our shoulders. How good it is of you 1" Sho was irrasistiblo. -Overbook an- swerod in his otirnqst way : , "Thoro is 110 burden that I would not benr for your siilto." "For mo ?" " Yes, Bertha. I Iovo yon," Tliero.rvas a flutter, of tho dark'cyo- Insiies, but tlio girl'dul not raiso her eyes, Tlio iicoompaiiiuiont to lior dream was al most inaudible now. Was tlio reality— tho conviction of her icvo for Poroy Overbook dawning npor. Iter ? Tho sonata was finishod, and Mr. Lin took awoke out of his nap. It wna timo for Ovorbcok to bid his friends good night, for lio intended to return to Lon don. Ho caught u sivodt, timid glaneo from Borihft ns lio took llis-loave: . As lite train was npproaehiug London Bridge, and tho glow: of lamplight 111 wido and narrow- tltorougiifarcn threw a red reflection ovor the city, Overtieck thought of tho countless mysteries tlint lay hidden in dark courts ami nlloys; in tin) midst of all this glaro. Was tho faco that haunted his frioud ill ono of tiieso shadowy by-ways ? OHAPTKR HI. Tlio visit to Grcohwicli of Percy Ovor bcck had effected a- noticeable chaiiga in tlio Wlmrf-ownor's stnto of mind. Tho haunted look loft him, his expression was altogether less careworn, nnd it would al most scorn as if thoso strnngo forebodings wliich had lately I perturbed his brain troubled him ho longer. His interest in n:l tho business of tho wharf returned and Duokot found him 0110 ovening work ing in grim. earnest ot his dosk. AYoll, Ducket," said Mr. Lintock, ns tho foroman camo in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, "who is on duty to night?" " I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock." "Not nlono?" . "Why, yes. Tho fact is, sir, I'd n special object in rolioving. tho night watchman." Tho wliarf-ownor's glance oxprossod his surpriso. " What objeat could you possibly havo ?" Duckot, still occupied with tho lamp, anaworcd witliont liliing his oyca : : " I am expecting Sir. Ovcrbcck." "-And what hour?'' Ducket handed tho wharf-owner a slip of paper. A singto lino, . which ho re cognised ns Percy Otcrbcck's writing, ran as follows : — "Ton P. SI. Wait at wharf. P.O.'' Sir. Lintock'a faco whilo reading this undetwenta chnngo t hut recovering him self quickly ho inquired : "Do you know why Mr. Ovcrbcck is AAmliirs t.\ ninlil T Tho Inmp wan now lighted, nnd Duckot, wli'lc placing it upuu the wimrf-owucr'a desk nnd ndjusling tlio shade, rcpliad : " It's nbout Clogstoun. So I naturally aupposa ; for thuro ain't anything elso I can think of that would bring him hero nt that timo o' night. Tlio note, just an you sco it, was givon to me this afternoon." " Who brought it ?' " Ono of Mr. Ovcrbeck's clerk's." Tlio wharf-owner looked tlieughlful. " I havo plenty to lccop 1110 busy till ton o'clock, snid ho, throwing n glaneo over tlio papers beforo him. "Air. Ovor bcck is coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. 1 shall wait nnd see him." Then taking up his pen I10 added, "You'll bo within call if I want you, Duckot?" " You'vo only to touch tho boll, sir; I shall bo euro to hoar." It wns tlio first timo for many weeks that Mr. Lintock lind worked alone in Iho cotmting-liouso after dark ; nnd it was not surprising tlint tho dead silence and soli tude, whon I10 occasionally stopped nnd looked up from his desk, should remind him of tho threatening fare of Clogstoun. Ho hnd dismissed tho clerks, for lio lind 110 need of assistance ; ovcry detail refer ring to tho wharf was ontorod in tho books upon ' tlio shelves around him. Still tlio silcnco scorned each moment mora oppressivo. It was past nino, Wiint could Ducket ba doing so noise lessly down stairs, ho. wondered ?'. I? was so strnngo ho lmd neither hoard tho sound of- his voice nor footsteps. Thou ho thought, " If Duokot would only Bing or movo about tho building tho sonso of lonolinoss and dread which is creoping over mo would bo removed." Ho tried manfully to dismiss this fool ing nnd to find absorption in tho work be fore him | but there now roso in his mind, moro vividly than ever, this haunting face. Ho imagined tho figure of Clog- stoun, as uucicec una uosoriuea tc, leaning ovor tlio pnrapet of tlio bridge. Was the- man tlicro to-night, ho wondered 1 IIo could not robist tho temptation to stretch out his hand and. draw tho curtain back from tlio window and look out upon tlio dark rivor. Tito lights flickered on tho bridge ; but they woro too dim to havo onablod Mr. Lintock to distinguioh ono figuro from another. .Yot ho fancied that, dark as it was, ho could discorn a shadowy form, standing r.oar tho contra- of- the bridge, and that tho form resembled that of tho man with whoso face ho waa so painfully lmuntod. IIo dropped tho cur- tain with iin angry gesturo. . " What if Ologatoun is thoro?" ho ex claimed aloud. . But tlio wharf ownor's hand trembled now ; ho could not write. Tlio block horrors which ho hod resolutely overcome began again to crowd on his brain like imps of darkness ; tho inbro lio tried to niiaao tiiom from him..' thu nlnrn tliav awarmod.;- His invginatioiiawakpnod into terror at last, 'A -firm conviction took hold ot him ; it was like a nightmare which no strength of will could drivo from his binih i.Oiogstoun was staring at him through tho gldsB partition "in tho clotk's olfico liko acat watching -its proy I Mr. Lintook sprang to his foot. At this moinont tlio gatb boll in the courtyard of tlio warohouso began to ring. CHAPTER IV. : . After lighting Mr. ' Lintock'a lamp, Duckot had dcscqndcd to tho basement on n lovol with tho wharf. It was a liugo Btororpoin ; its area represented the dimoimiono of tlio cntiro warohouso ; and although there woro piles of merchandise on all sidos of tlio iron pillars whicli Bttp- ported tlio floor itbovo. its groat sizo was ptill apparent, for thoro woro avenues in ovcry direction between thoso goodly piles wido enough for tlio trucks to run lo nnd fro. Noar tlio river ontranco to this store- room stood a woodon shod ; it had a door facing tho mnin avuiiuo, and a small win dow on each side. On the door wiib written "Superintendent's ofiico." Duckot raised tho latoh and btopped : in. Thoro was a dosk under ono of tlio windows, nnd under tho other stood a stovo with a fun nel disappearing through n liolo in tho wood-work. Tho foroman drow up a ohaif in front of this stovo, and having looked at tho firo and fed it with charcoal, ho bognn to op- peneo his appotito out of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork m it. " Ho nto : his nuppor witli apparent roliah.j but tlio inixturo in tho can did not soom to his taste, for ho rejected it with a grimaco aflcr tho first draught. "I'd rathor drink a pint of senna," ho dcolarcd, driving tho cirk homo omphati- cnlly with tlio palm of his hand, " than anotlicr drop of that stuff." ' Ho lit hia, pipa with an air of resigna tion, leaned back in his cliair nrid' stared porploxcdly nt tlio tin can. Had anyone been pltfj'ing.him a trick?, Ho wnsbo- ginuing to got so sloepy that tho walls of tho shod appeared to expand, nnd his head- to grow proportionately larger. It wns a maddening sensation. Ho tried to throw off his drowsiness, for ho wns tho Bolo watchman in tho building. If any catastropho occurred tho blamo would fall 011 liis Hliouhlorn. Duokot took his lantern and wont out. IIo bcgr.n to pneo up nnd down thu contro avenue botweon pyramids of hales. No limttor whether lis turned to tho right or left ho was always becoming moro and moro imprcssod with tho fact tlmt uncer tainty lay beyond. This soon ended by tlio lantern's falling from his hand and going out ; (hen lie snnk on tho ground with his head resting 011 nlinrd halo. Was I10 dreaming.? '...'It boomed to Ducket as iu n droam that eomoono glided past him like a ghost, nnd that n light flushed boforo his oyes ; then an interval of darkness nnd confusion followed, until ho a.voko with n start, strongly convinced that, ho had been roused by tho clang of tiio warehouse boll. Could it bo Over- book at tho gnto already ? It was snroly not ton: o'clock I Tho foroman struggled to his feet and gropod his way toward tho .superintendent's ofiico As I10 wont along with outstretched hands ho oxporionccd a dull singing in his oars. Was it tho gate-boll vibrating in hisba- wildcred brain ? Duckot found tho otovo firo atill burn ing, though low. IIo took a lantorn from (lio wnll, nnd lighting it glanced .anxiously at tho clock. : " Ilalf-past ton I" I10 exclaimed ; "why — " It teas tho warolioiiso bell. It wns no drcftm now ; it sounded liko .in nlnrm, it wss so incessant. Still hull dftzuri wit It tho oppriusiug el Feet of his unnntur.i! sleep. Ducket hurriod across tho yard, nnd unlncking tho side door leading1 into Thames stroot, found himself faco to fnco with Percy Ovorbcck. Willi nt» nlr. (if (i nnvneiml «mnntSiin<i« ho said : 44 Why nro you so dilatory in opening Iho door?" 44 1 only heard the boll a rainuto ago, sir." 44 How's thnt ? 1 hftvo bcon ringing nt short intervals for no.trly halLnn-hour, Is thore any thing wrong?" Duckot looking puzzled nt Orerhcck's excited fnce, answered : 44 1 very much suspect tlmt— w 44 Wlint ?" 44 That I've been drugged. That's why I couldn't eomo. I foil asleep ; tho noiso of tho bell nwoko mo." Tho oxcited expression on Ovorbcek's faco increased. 44 Aro you hero alono ?" 41 I'm tlio only ono on duty ; but I'm not alono in tho warohouso," said tho foreman ; 44 Mr. Lintoclc is here." Overbcck hurriedly demanded : 44 Whore?" 44 In his oflieo up etairs. I left him there busy writing nthis desk." 44 When?" 44Some lioure ago— beforo I became drowsy." 41 ItouvB ngo ? Show tho wny ns quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room." Ducket, still moro porplexod at Ovor bcek's mnnnor, lmstoued up-stiirs with out a wovd. no wns Fo:zcd with a dread ful ncnao of npnrehouuion ; nud oh open ing Mr. Lintock'e door, ho uttorod a sup pressed. cry. Tho wharf-owneris : room was empty ; but tho lamp upon his desk, wns burning, and tho light thrown upon his pftpors showed thorn in disorder. An inkBtand had; bcon upsot upon tho tah'lo, and- tho Ink was trickling; down into a pool upon tlio floor. Ovorbeok stepped forwnrd, took a quick glaneo round him. Tiicn ho looked koctily at Ducket. : 44 Ologstoun has bcon hero. Hb and Mr. Lintock hnvo met." The foromnn's faco oxprcsBod a lcok of horror. - 44 Now, Duckot." said Poroy Ovcrbcck, plnoing his hand - upon tho; foreman's shoulder, 44norvoyoursolf." Lotussoarcli the warehouse." . Tho warohoiiso was oxplorcd froni roof to basement;. Tho foremnu who. had .known every turning among iho dark lanes of merchandise oinco boyhood, "took tho load, flashing his hiulorn inlo o'vory nook and corner. On oacli floor thoy called on Mr. Lintock loudly by nnmo ; but only an echo of their .Voices roncbed thorn; . Thoy stood once moro within the wlmrf-ownor's room. 4:4 Ducket," said Overbed:, <4cn8t your eyes carefully around. Is anything mis- aing?" THo light from tho foronmn's Inntern moved ovor tho floor and then slowly round tho walls. Suddenly it stopped bo-' hind MivLintook's chair? ,4tYoS." \ 44 That koy > should bo, thcro. It's gofio." f '/ : : 44 What koy ?'' 44 The. key,' air, to that private door and Duckct poiutod to a door opposite tlio window. . 44 But," said Overbed:, 44 that loads out upon tho wlmrf;. And," ho added, turn ing tho haudlo, 41 it's locked. ; What can it mean?"-" f4 It meana," oiiid the foroman with Buddon inspiration, 44 that, dead or alivo, master has gono out by that door,.". : Without loss of time, by moans of the superintendent's koy, thoy. inado their way out upon .tho landing-stngb. Thoy looked oftgoriy across tho dark river. Tho tido was lapping- monotonously agaiusb tho sides of ; tho wharf ; ; chains woro rattling, boats and barges moored along side oroaked and strained at their ropes. Presently Duckot. who- went flashing about with Iris lantorn, criod out : 1 4 Thoro'n a boat gono 1" 44 Ah I Is tlio tido ebbing ?" 44 Ay, nir, ebbing fost." Ovcrbcck rcfloctcd a moment; thon ho naid : 44 Givo mo tho lantorn." . Duskob obeyed, "Now," addod Ovorbcck, 44 unfasten a boat, and let uo row down the rcam. "Wo are on tho track, I hope, at last." Tho foroman quickly set to work. Thoro was a boat auited to their purpoap- lying- outaido aburgo ; it was soon loosoncd aud ready to start. . 44 I'll, lako tho aoulls/'oaid Ovorbeok, as ho stopped into his place, " You shall nicer. You know this part of tho. river bottor than I do. Aro ypu ready ?" 44 Right with tho tido, Mr. Ovorbcok ?" 44 Yea, by all moans ; with tlio tido." And bo, with Ducket grasping tho rud der and. Ovorbock tho sculls, the boat moved out into mid-stream. On thoy went with tho, ebbing tido; under tho black shadows of hugo ships nnd towering warehouses until Ducket's lantorn was a moro spook of gliding light in tbo dark ness. ... Bortha Lintock, although mado aware in ft racsungo from hor father that ho should not return until Into, begun to grow anxious towards midnight. Sho paocd iip ond down hor room, and con- stntitiy listened for the sound of wheels in tlio enrringo-drivo ; tho unpleasant affair, of which . Percy Ovcrbeck had epoken 'to her reassuringly, recurred to her mind;'. Though .trusting in Percy, sho could not conquer her Btrong presenti ment of dangar ; for, whon a child, Wylhrcd's wharf had made a rlcop im pression upon Bortha. Whilo walking at hor fathor s side tliroueh tho great sombro storo-rooniB, they ban reached somo pas- sago— walled with bnleo of merchandise— so dark and narrow that bIio shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. That was hor first visit, and sho had novor entered it sinco. Presently, Bertha hoard a hurried Btcp outaido tho houso. Sho rau to tho win dow and throw it open, Ovorbcok stood below. 44 Porcy, has anything happened 3" flho aaked. 4 Whoro is my father? 44 Ho is bore, Bortha— at tho gato. You liavo no neod to ho alarmed." Bertha hastened into tho hall. Porcy Ovcrbcck mob her ab tho door, nnd thoy wont into tho dining-room to gether. 44 Your father has boon again aoized with that odd fancy," Percy hastens to tell hor. 44 Ho believes that whilo aentcd iu his oflieo this evening, Clogstoun throatenod him. Panic-stricken, lio os- ,cnpcd from this phantom, or reality, down his privato stairenso leading to tho wharf. Horc, groping his way to tho barges, ho dropped into a boat, and, set- ing it adrift, wont out with tho tido. Duckot mid I— to cut a long story short — overtook tho boat, and—" At this moment Mr. Lintock slowly en tered tho room, icaniug on Ducket's arm. His clothes wero wot and bespattered with mud. Seeing his daughter, ho step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into ft clmir. Bertha ran to hi3 side and bent over liitn. " Aro. you hurt, father?" 44No, my dear, only exhausted. Porcy and our old friend Duckot," said ho, looking up gratefully into their faces, 44 liavo saved my lifo," Tho wharf-owner's nerves wero badly shaken. But a few days' rent, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored him to heultii. Clogntoun's faco novcr haunted Mr. Lintock ngnin ; for on tho day after this occurrence, (Ho mnn was found at tho waichoufio among somo bags of sea- damaged hornp'Bccd, breathing his last ; and ns a small phial wns discovered at his side containing (races of a narcotic, it was conjectured that Ho had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, nnd had himsolf swallowed tho rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched oxistcnco to au cud. For somo timo Air. Lintock avoided tho subject of his flight from the ofliconnd from the fnco. It appeared, however, (hat nt the moment when Clogstoun forcod his way into iho room, tho whnrf- owner iSiveated through tho privatq door. . This door ho locked behind him, in order bo cut off pursuit ; and thus separated from tho Thames-street exit by Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintoclc mndo his escape by.water. . In nfior days, when Bortha had bccomo Ovorbock's wifo, thoy often dwelt on .that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf j and it transpired how. Porcy, frequently on the':watcli for" Clogstoun having Toarrifc something of his haunts and habits,, had reason to suppoao that ho lmd' found a means of getting into; tho wharchouso..' For this reason ho liad .nppointod that mcoting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining tlmt ov'ents would lake suoli a atrango turn as'thoy had- done. As manhood and womanhood open up, dhcriminatioa is necessary between -what ought to bo remembered and whatrit were better to forget. . .Oao good genetol rule whiob holds through lifo is to forge t< as speedily as possible, tlio ovll which wo see around us and oven wHlrih us; for evil,. like a plant, thrives in the light and withora in tho, darkness. ..Brought :into open view, talked about, (bought about, and stored in remembrance, its tcudenoy is to reproduc'o itSClf. CoucLTiiKNifl, which we think are -de served, wo; accept only as debts, with In- diffarocco; '.but. thoso whoEo conFoienco informs uo wo do not merit, wo reoeivo with the same gratitude that we do favors givon away.., 