CONVERSIONS TO ROMAN CATHOLICISM. Under the heading "Our Golden Jubilee," the London Tablet of May 17 publisher an article in which it gives particular of Conver- <*> sions to the Roman Catholic church. We make tbe following extracts :— Until the am give np the dead that are in it, no rendering tip shall be qnite bo marvellous m that made by Protestantism to Catholicism daring the last fifty yean. With the secession of Dr. Newman in ISIS, tbe political dream that the Establishment was to be the great agency in once more making England merry was rudely broken. The con venion of Faber brought the same disappoint rctnt home even more keenly to the heart of Lord John Manners and others of the Young England party. Faber was one of them in heart and mind; and he, at any rate, had—if Neitman never—those populai sympathies which have lately been revived Tinder the name of Democratic Toryitm. Ijord Beacons field «v not very explicit about the kind of Anglicanism which was to via oat peimntry and oar peers. In the general preface to his novels he says:—"Toe writer and thoie who acted with him looked upon tbe Anglican Church aa a main machinery by which these reanlts might be realised. Tbere were few great tlunes left in Xtovland, and tbe Church was one. Nor do I doubt that if a quarter of a osntury ago there had aruen a churchman equal to tbe occasion, the position of iyi?«—Ufl?i affairs in this oountiy would have been very different from that which they now occupy. But these great matters fell into the bands of monks and schoolmen; and little more than a year after tbe publication of 'Coningsby,' the secession of Dr. Newman dealt a blow to the Church of England under which it still reels." But we ate back again to fin* principles. Toe Catholic Church and the democracy are face to face. They are at home together under the re former's tree, and the time may yet come, though not without heart seixehinn on both sides, when they will feel equally at ease in tbe schools and in tbe churches. The Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, with a cart for his pulpit, and Cletken well Green foe his f^thAriy^ and teetotslism for bis theme* and costetmoogen foi bis congregation—sorely this was that very man of whom Jjord Beaaons field dreamed—neither "monk" nor "school man," bat witii all the qualities of eaob, linked with those ol the man of oar more spacious times. One thinks that liord BeaconsSeld, had he lived, could not have foregone one delight that of wiring this great prince of the Raman Church, who wag also a Roy a! Commissioner on the noosing of tbe poor and on the education of their children, to accept a seat in the British House of Peers. He was the man to do it, bat he lacked the opportunity. Now there is the opportunity—bnt where, among their petty polUidan?, is the man? Forty-five yean have gone since Newman abjured the State religion—*• not," aa he wrote to a friend, "not from disappointment or im patience, but because I think the Church of Some the Catholic Church, and oars not a part of the Catholic Church, bemuse not in communion with Borne, and because I feel that I could not honestly be a teacher in it any longer." Father Dominic did the deed, of which the effect cannot even now be measured. The ripples made In that baptismal font have eternal motion; to be merged at last in the " pnre river of the water of life, clear aa crystal, proceeding from the throne." Within a month of Newman's secession came that of bis "acolyte"—Frederick Faber. The 16th of November, 1845, was the last Sunday in which he officiated in bis church at £lfton—that *fr«"*h in whioh he had almost torn out hie heart to offer it to bit Bedeemer, that he might know the Divine way and woik tbe Divine will. At Evensong that day tbe rustioD, whom he had tempted to church by cricket in the rectory grounds between the services, had a stall greater sur prise, The brilliant young rector, in broken taun, told them that the doctrines he had taught them, though fane, were not those of the Church of T^nglftnii, «*d that ooiwyi^ntfy be moat go where tenth was to be found, "Then," says his friead and fellow-convert, Father John E. Bowden—"then he hastily descended the pulpit stairs, threw oft his surplice, anil made his way quickly through the vestry to the rectory. For a few moirynfai the congregation remained in blank attoaiahmeoti and then, while the majority turned slowly homewards, some followed him to the reotory and implored him to reconsider his decision. Hemight preach whatever doctrine he pleased, they said, and they would never question it, if only he wTnf""'rt with then." Ihe next day saw him received into tbe church by Bishop Waxeing, of Northampton, and, when he was confirmed, be felt himself, like the apostles at Pentecost, permeated by the sensible pre tence of the Holy Ghost. S'x years later came what we may call the other great boom among the conversion! of the half century. We turn for the chronicle of it to our own columns in the April of 1861 :— " Mr. Manning (we said) has really attempted to work tne Establishment upon Oatholio prin ciple b in a high and important official poriboa. But even be, with all die great position and. his important connections, his prudence, his eloquence, his remarkable aptitude for and acquaintance with affairs, his forbearance, his patience, and his holiness, has at last felt he could do nothing, that the Church of England is Protestant, and Protestant it will remain. Bnt while we thai congratulate our readers on this important accession of one of the leading minds of the Anglican establishment, we shall hardly have done our duty as journalists or as Catholics if we do not cay something on the great, the heroic sacrifice this man has made for the sake of Catholic truth. He has given np all that is most dear to that lofty ambition which forms the peculiar temptation of minds of the noblest mould. A position exactly suited to bis talents, of widely- extended influence and a splendid future; the favor of men, and the almost certainty of ultimately carrjins out his views as bishop; the devoted adherence of troops of friends; an abode as fair &a; any of those we see scattered over Eng land and occupied by her ministers; t ortunnta in tfai? worU's goods; all this, and far more, Mr. Manning has given up with a great heart." Archdeacon M"i"'"gi with ids brother-in-law, Henry IWilberforce, aided by Mr. Gladstone, had drawn up a manifesto against the con tinuance of Mr. Gorham in his ministry after what was in effect« denial on his part of belief in baptismal regeneration, Thirteen names were appended to the manifesto; and seven of tbe thirteen translated, within a brief space, their words into deeds when the Anglican Church remained dumb under "the abandon ment of one of its Articles." These seven were Manning, & L Wilberforoe, and Henry Wilberforce, Dodsworth, Cavendish, Bafteley, ard Hope Scott. Mr, Gladstone, when he heard that Manning and HopeSaott had really gone, said he felt as if he had lost hit two eyes. Bishop Selwyn was apostoli caUy broken-hearted about Manning:—" He might nave been the Xavier of the English Church." But he for whom Anglican*, lay and clerical, lamented, what Baid he of himself ? " I feel," he said, " as if I had no desire unful filled but to persevere in what God hais given me for His Son'e sake." .And this ttagedy of Oxford, of Elton, of L&vington;, was enacted within seven years in literally several hundreds of the Anglican rectories of England. The years 1845 and 1846 saw books of such renunciations; the next three years taw nnihiand tens; 1850andl85lsair them by tcoreg again; and every year since has had its share, .What have been the results the Church in England knows. The two cardinals are converts. Faber baa his splendid record of less than SO years of Catholio life in a whole library of spiritual writings; and on London be has left a greater mark, in its way, then we can think of as made byanyotherman—the oratory. To him, as tbe father of the community, though Newman ranks as its teehnioal founder —to him, and to the influence whioh he had over others, and which they again transmitted, is directly doe *™? existence of that great centre ol the religioui life of London. Others amongst the convert* are scattered over London and over England. The salt of the earth, they hare made fruitful a land they found barren; bishops like Coffin of Southwark, Patterson of Amyola. Wilkinson of Hexbamj beads of orders and superiors of communities and chief priests of large churches, snch aa Father Sebastian Bowden at the Oratory, Father Jjockhart at St. Etheldreda's, Father. Purbrick among the Jesuits, Mgr. Moore at the P?o OathedrM, Father Kirk at St. Mary of the Angels', Father Bampfield at Barnet; preachers and teachers like Ander don, Coleridge, Bivington, Garside, Steven son, Mscxuullen, Ma&ktU;, Oakeley, Crosby, Tickell, Bichards, Akers, Christie, Morris, Bridgett, and Porter—afterwards Archbishop of Bombay, But our columns might be fitted, &£d good names remain behind. Not in the ecclesiastical world only have these men manned us. From lincas down to E&nken; every editor of this paper was a con vert, tbe record bfcinfr biofeen by the present occupant ,of their chair. Of the paper's oub cditorebip almost the Fame recatd may be ttade. Tbe huUin ElvUk reached its zenith under a convert. In W. G. Ward; tbe Month and Mtrnj Ei>ylun<l have, co far as we remem ber, known no others as editors. The Oatholio publishing firms have a similar derivation; Mr. Bums was a convert, and so was Mr. Oates; aoisMr.Waahboume. The secretary of the Catholic Union is a convert; so is one of (he secretaries of the Tenth Society; so is the founder of the Guild of our liady of Ransom, Father Philip Fletcher, and .63 his right hind men, Mr. Lister Dmmmond*; so, too. v tbe leading spirit of St Anaelm's Society; and so the secretary of tbe Poor Bcliool Committee, Mr, Allies. True, there waa not much from a worldly point of view, even in these poata and tacks, to tempt tbe Anglican parson to relin quish his place 'and bis income. He gave up ease and a competence to be a doorkeeper, but a doorkeeper in the House of the Lard. Solitary Archbishop's House at Westminster ia not exactly a human equivalent for Xiambeth Palace and Addington Park, bright with the glances of girls, and alive with (be laughter •f beys. This fat living and that fellowship jmte given np; and he who grmtiea of life when he tits at home in the buck pulor of the back-sbeet he no* inhabits, and is ranked rather as a swell by his brother priests—perhaps a canon. In these ohops and eaa?ges'H'miist have been she maxriart convert < wife suffered most. Matriaato^hich-donbles Joy* and halves sorrow* far moat men, had other arithmettaal problems for him—now to make no loaf feed two, and feed the children with the fragments that remained. One snob j clergyman is reported ts have f oond his way to I the workhouse; but, if bo, he went there secretly, or from neh Catholic* shall be required the teaton why. In fifties these ex-clergymen have tone into professions and trade*—toil sanely beginning a new life at an age when they might be thinking of rest and of reward. Batff became a professor of chemistry, and a great discoverer in that capacity; air. Free man quarries marble; Mr. Kelke crams; Mr. Greenam Weils is at the bar} Mr. Bliss searches the archives of Borne for the British Government; Mr. Marshall and Dr. Mazifere Brady and Mr. Little have done journalism— all on onr staff; Mr. Bedford, Mr. Ornsby. Mr. Hunnybun, and scores of others teach: Mr, New became a echritor before he became a priest; Mr. Aymer VaUanee advise! and writes on decoration; Mr, Rose disguised himself as " Arthur Sketchley," aod Mr. Walford as an editor of peerages. Others have become consuls in foreign parts and others inspector! of schools, «nd these have no better model than Mr. Scott Nasmytb Stokes—a convert before he took Anglican order*. These are a few name* and eases which come to mind as illustrations of the careers chosen by these exiles of eon ■deuce. Others of them, with that ineptitude which is no shame, tot rather • sign of pre destination to the cleric, hare failed to gat a footing on the road to oeeolar ■uceess. Opulent once, they now live on incomes not larger than those of artisans, silent martyrs in an age of noity needs. The Anglican rectories thus emptied of their pious folk wen soon refilled. Patrons had no difficulty in naming successors to (hose who I fled. Borne churches, indeed, and some dis- | toots, wore affected more than others, tit. Saviour's, at Leeds, for instance, was started under Dr. Pntey'a direct auspices to show that high-churchism m . a really workable religion, and the pick of Oxford's zealous young men in orders were sent down to do wonders among a manufactoring population. No fewer than seven of these choseo ones wen received into the Catholic Church by one man in one year-the man Newman, and tbe year 185 L la London the Church of All Saints, Margaret street, yielded aa large a harvest, fndnding Oakeley, Garside, Cavendish, Vernsy- Browne- Cave, Nichols, Biddleston, Hunnybun, Gret ham Wells, and Oiby Shiply. In many cases Anghosn sisterhoods "vent over" with their chaplains, and members of congregations witti their clergy. Some times it happened that the ex-parson returned as a priest to the scene of, bis fotmer parsonic labor*, and reconciled many a laggard to the Church. Cancn ShorQand, for rastanee, was first a Protestant curate in Pen zance. and then, for half a life-time, a devoted Catholic priest Some ot these kit their IrviTjg? quietly, and dropped at once oat of the world's ken. Over others a keen controversy caged. Some were abused, some scolded, some mocked, and others decently monrned. To some almost a public funeral was given; as when the Guardian, with good feeling, wrote:— "Our readers will ere this have been grieved to learn that men, wheat familiar and much res pected names we cannot write without pain and sorrow, have deserted owe branch of the Catholic Church for the Roman. The Church of England is poorer—let na not hesitate to own it-by the loss of Mr. H. WOtarfaree, Mr. Allies, and Mr. Stuart Bathurst We lament theeeceesionof men who were once the salt ot ow ?^4)miif>iiHiflyi t It was Mr. Bright who once described tbe titled classes as persons who *go about from place to place in search of tome new pleasure; they are wearyi but with the weariness of satiety." Toe purpoeelessne?? of fashionable life fioippi under censures more convincing titan bis who lodged in Piccadilly, belonged to "the best club in London," nwng^ in its ■«inVstig« room, liked dining out, fished atlAandndno, and bad a pleasant homeinLancashire. Ithascen sorts from the consciences of those of its votaries who feel called to a Mgher life and capable of purer pleasures. Such censures have been also" inspiration and mandates to " great lords and ladies" without nrmber. The Marquis of Bipon, who has ruled India ; Lord Bury, who gave good service as a member of Governments until that service was rendered wndesiraWft only by the multitude and the magnitude of bis other occupations; Lord Emily, a Post- SMttt'General; Lord Lyons, the best ambas sador of modern times; there are onr 'idle and ignorant" ones. Nor, leaving official life, need we ninth far the empty days of "great lords," from the Marquis of Bute, whose diligence as a student is illustrated by a dozen volumes in a difficult department of learning, to the Earl of Athbomham, or to Lord Braye, They who have turned wide from the pride of life which they had the means and the temptation to gratify, and who, if only as private citizens, here done "the trivial round, the common task" with rare devotion to doty, are not among the least meritorious of mankind. Many names occur; the late Earls of Gainsborough and of Dunraven, the present Earl of Denbigh, Lord . North, Lord Henry Kfirr, Lord Charles Tbrnne, Sir Paul Moleeworth, Sit JohnGtoker Barrow, Sir Richard Huegerford Pollen, Bii William Percival Heathoote (Keblee'a patron), Sir Vere de Vere, Sir Philip Bo?e, Mr. Wegg- ProEeer (who represented Herefordshire in Par liament), and Sir John Simeon (who represented the Isle of Wight); the Hoa. Colin Lindsay, a former President of the English Church Union, atd hundreds more to stand iieside. But women as well as men are indicted by Mr. Fronde. They, too, have Bought for " new sensations." Yea, ''new sensations" in the alums of London had a Marchioness of London derry and a Marchioness of Lothian; "new sensations" in days of labor with the pen had Lady Georgiana Fnllerton, and Lady Herbert of Lea and Lady Gertrade Douglas, have done much to fill the purse which fed the poor; "new sensations" in abasements and denials and sacrifices, if not sought, have not been shirked by convert Duchesses of Norfolk, of Argyll, of Athole, of Buccleucb, of Hamilton, and of Newcastle. Every grade of the peerage yields similar illustrations of a love of lowliness in an environment of iplendor. Had the Apo?tlev, like so magyof the?* successors, started a newspaper, St. Paul, as its editor, could have descanted on the "noble women not a few" who even then were added to the Ohuroh. We, in dealing with duchesses, elide under his shadow, who was, nevertheless, the Apostle of the Gentiles—not the genteels. And had a correspondent reminded that chronicler that the soul of a poor maa is as precious as the sonl of a rich man—that Damans heraelf was no tieatex to Heaven than her handmaiden —the editorial note to that letter might have stayed as a standard till this hour and would ba quoted by us here. It is the appointed mark and glory of the Church to preach the gospel to the poor; but the democracy of Heaven, un like that of man, knows no eicloriveu??H; there is room in Paradise for even " the upper ten." The reproach made against Christianity in St. Paul's dat?, and against Catholicity within our own—that it appeals only to the unedu cated and the superstitious—led him to point to Damans then, and lead? us to point to J duchesses now. Then, as now, it was the com- I mon people, most of all, who beard the Word gladly, Theee are received into the Church in their thousands every year. The converts who can be given in sneh lists as "Some's ■ Bectuit?" bear to these the relation, as has j been well said, whioh the "Qourt Guide" bean to the people of England. But the names of the people of Tin^iawfl no book can : hold, nor would the greater part of them, even if accessible and wieldy, illustrate the point which an article of this sort seeks to prove. In one senie the Church needs not such witnesses as have the ear of the world, but they need the Church, and she needs to be equal to their needs—to the needs of &1L Could the religion that is Catholic deny itself even to the wandec . ing woman of the world ? Ask the cardinal archbishop bending with benedictions over the deathbed of Florence, Marchioness of Water ford. *■ We hays lelt ourselves little space to study other phases of the light poured from the heavens upon this great wave of conversions sad reflected all around. There is hardly a family that has not contributed a member, or many members, to the household of faitb, Take tha names most familiar and aonoroaa to Ecglieh ears: Neleon is the nearest stilt to the beajt of the nation ; and three of the present Earl Nekon's sous are among recent cjnvertr. Wilbe/forrs is a wytd to ccnjcre by ; it stands for uoeelfeh devotion to the public good; ana three eons of the Parliamentary apostle of the emancipation of the slaves became Catholic?, throughout life following' in all nnworldlineee the example of a father who refused Pitt's offer of an earldom. Even his son Samuel, whom sn Anglican bishopric detained, con tributed a daughter and a son-in-law to the Church. A granddaughter of Wesley became a Catholic; and bo did a daughter of the Rsv, Jobn Owes, the founder of the Bible Society. Sir Walter Scott's descendants are Catholics, his daughter's daughter having joined the religion which he offered to a generation that ' it gone. And in a granddaughter (of whom he was not worthr, Lord Brron too has his repre sentative in tue Church, Lady Anne Blunt. Mr. Arkwright, of Sntton Scandal^ is a direct descendant of the inventor of the spin ning jenDy. The bar gave us Badeley, Hope- Scott, BelJa?is. Sir George Bowyer, and (only the other day) Sir W. C. Petberham, Chief Justice of Calcutta; but its greatest names are represented in our ranks. Lord Kenyon gives ns a grandson in Mr. Jobn Kenyon, K.S.G.; and Lord EUenborongh a son in [the Hon. William Towry Law; Lord Chief Justice Bovill yields nea nepfaewj Lord Chief JustieeOoleridge, Lord Chancellor Sdborne, and Lord Chancellor Wertbury have convert Mr, Glad stone and EarlGrarmOe gave each a sister; so did Me Speaker Brand; and Mr. Speaker Peel gives consuls. The Bishop of Eoohertert only son is a Catholic; and so is the son of Bishop Bruuiny, Mr. Mossmait, who was supposed to be one of tbe three mysterious bishops of tha Order of Corporate Re-union consecrated abroad, was reconciled to the Church oo his deathbed j and tbe Eev. Dr. Lee. of tneaama episcopal ordination, has a Catholio srite and son. Heart* every bishop has near nlatires on tbe rell; and many a mim«t«i. baa a wife or children—whom he perhaps drops at the door of the Catholic Chuich on Sunday miming when he goes his way, a little wearily, to his own pulpit. To say that religions bitterness is a thing wholly bygone would ba false. Bat Mr. Fronde's pietnre of family divisions—though his rhetorio is aa fatal ta the early Onrutians as it is to ns and to the divine declaration that "he who loves his father or mother more than Me is not worthy of Me," is a picture out of drawing and out of tone Sorrow may eado.ro for a night in tbe dwelling of tDe neopby te. but joy • cmes in the morning. The firat Moader has been languid at, moarned for, and finally fol lowed. A clergyman who d&rea; not br<s?k tha news of his impending change to bis wife goes to the presbytery to take advise, and meets in the prietVs ante-room his own tn.i? —who with tbe same intention and the same fear bag come on the aarce errand. Pages onld be fill- xl by records of jay and peace following ou these dauntlets deeds which seemed to threaten only sorrow and confusion. " The ignorant and tbe idle." These are the words, and they describe themselves. We meet them by no hollow phrases. We have given instead names which stand for learning and labor. And for each letter of them we eonld give new names to slay over and over again the already slain. Mr. Fronde sits down in the s*me dub with Mr. Aubrey de Vere; and does he know what great literary traditions and what great performance too are the inheri tance and the hard earnings of him whose praiaea have been sung by pods from Landor to Swinburne ? Mr. Fronde reeds Punch , and has heard perhaps that Mr. Bomana'a many activities include tbe control of a paper from whose staff, 40 years ago, Dickey Doyle retired xatbei than travesty truth. Miss Adelaide Procter made vciaos, and Mr. Coventry Patmore is a poet neater than his time. Or. St. George Mivart% name needs no bosh among seientUts, nor Jiady Butler's among punters, nor Po?in'fl among architects, nor Mrs. Ban croft's on the stage, All theee have east the die and parcallriout the day. Overcoming the timidity and tha inertia which persuaded Kehle that, though it saw not the way out of the Icontrovewy with Borne the ought to stay where Providence placed him—these and tneir comrades bravely thought and bravely did. They aaw great responsibilities ahead of them and they did not quail. 