BEATRICE. (By Ridee Haggabd.) CHAPTER. XV. ONLY GOOD-NIGHT. Five more days passed, all too quickly, and once more Monday came round. It was the 22nd; of October, and the Michaelmas Sittings began ou the 24th. On the morrow, Tuesday, Geoffrey : was to return to London, there to meet ! Lady Honoria. aad get to work at1 Chambers. That very morning, indeed, a brief, the biggest he had yet received — it was marked thirty gaineas — had been forwarded to him from his chambers, with a note from hisjclerk to the effect that the case was expected to be in the special jury list on the first day of the sittings, and that the clerk had made an appointment for him with the solicitors for 5.15 on the Tuesday. The brief was sent to him by his uncle's firm, and marked, ' With yon the At torney-General ' and . Mr. Caudteton, Q.O.' the well-known leader of the Probate and Divorce Conrt Bar. Never before had Geoffrey found himself in such honourable company, that ison the back of a brief, and not a little was he elated thereby. ' But when be came to. look into the case his joy abated somewhat, for it was one of the. most perplexing that he had ever. known.. The will contested, which was.tbat of a Yorkshire money - lender, disposed of property to the value of over £80,000, and was propounded by a niece of the testator who,, when he died, if. not; actually .weak, in his mind, was in his .dotage, and supenti- tio'uVto the verge' of ihsaaity. Th% niece to whom all the property .was left : — to the erdueion of the son and danghter bf the deceased, both, married, aod Jiving Away from home— stayed with the testator "and looked -after him. Shortly before his death, however, bp and his niece had. -violently quarrelled on account .of an intimacy , which the latter. bad formed with a married .man of bad repute, who was a - discharged lawyer's clerk." .'Soserious had been the quarrel that only three -days before his death the ..testator bad sent for ' a lawyer, and -formally,- by -means' of a codicil, deprived" the niece 'of a earn of Jip; had/effcijer, rest of hie property—being divided be- tk«t» bis wbni and Hda'febter:1 f Th'rib days afterWabSs.-thoafovtS1, exe- cuted a fresh wtHyin-the presence of two servants, by which he' left all his property to -the 'niofct to the' entire ex- elusion ,of hispwn phildren / ,This will, though yery short, was jm pepppr form, anffwas rwrirten by. nobody knew whom. The sorvante' stated that the testator beforesigaiqg it WaSjperfectly. acquainted with ifo ponteufor Ahe, piece ha'made him ;in , Jheir. presence. They also - declared, however,- that he seepied. in a .teirlbleT fright, and paid twioeji' "Xts ." behind! nan ;// its : behind me! ... ..... "-Within an bonr bbthe eigning sof Hie wftl the, .testator . iagas jpuim!/<iL! ap parently from Jthe e&cts; 'of fear, hat the i niece was not .in -the room /sit the iSnepf, death/ ,'The onlydihhr .xpmatk- abl bircutnatance in- the case was.!fchat the disreputable lovfir of the niece had farther fact. -- tTSm aon;>bn receiving a message fo>m> Jh eiefiBOe; thalrJriB tfotlmr WAS'Striffifay" hUiriedwith extiaordinuy.npq/(ie bouse, pats- ing.eomeiPim ,«r «amBBtiiingT-Iie veould not tell what — that seemed to be 'run ning, apparently from tbe window of the sick man's room, which was on the ground floor, aiid beneath which foot marks were afterwards found. Of these footmarks two casta had" been taken, of which -photographs were -forwarded with the brief. They had been made by naked feet of small size, and iu each case'the little joint of the third foe of the right foot seemed to be missing. But all attempts to fiud the feet that made them had hitherto foiled. Tbe will was contested by the next of kin, for whom Geoffrey was one of the coun sel, upon the usual grounds of nudue influence and frand ; bnt as it seemed at present with small prospect -of,- suc cess, for, thongh the circumstances wfere suspicious enough, there was not the slightest evidence of either. Ttus-cnrious case, . of - which the outlines are here written, "is briefly set ont,. because it proved to be the foundation of Geoffrey's enormous practice aad reputation at -the Bar. . tie ml tie brief through/ twice, thonght it over well, and could <nko little of it. It was perfectly-obvious to him that there had been foul pi iy some where, but be found himself quite un able to form a workable hypothesis. Was the person— if it. was a person — who bad been seen running away con cerned in tbe matter? If so, was he the anther of the footprints 1 Of course tne ex-lawyer e clerk: bad something to do with It, but what t fn vain did Geoffrey- cudgel his brain ; /every idea that occurred to him broke down some where or other. 1 We shall lose this,' he said afarad in despair, 'suspicions circumstances are not enough to upset a wiil,' and then, addressing Beatrice, who was sitting at the table working : ' Here, Miss Granger, yon have a smattering, of law, see if yon can make anything of this;' and he pushed the heavy brief towards her. Beatrice took it with a laugh, and for the next three/quarters of an hour her fair brow was puckered op in a way quaint to see. At last she finished and shut the br ief up. ' Let me look at the photographs,' she said. " Geoffrey handed thein to her. She very carefully examined first one and then the. other, and as she did so a light of intelligence broke out upon her face. ' Wei', Portia, have, you got it ?' he asked. ' I have got somethiug,' she an swered. ' I do not known if it is right. Doo't you see, the old man was super stitious ; they frightened him first of all by a ghostly voice' or some sach thing into sighing "the" wTIi, aud then to death after he hid signed it. The lawyer's clerk prepared the will — he would know how ti do it; Then he was smuggled into the room under the bed, or some where, dressed, up as a ghost perhaps, The sending for the son by the niece was a blind. The thing that was seen vanning away was a boy — those foot prints were made by a boy. .1 have seen so many thousands on the sands here that I could swear to it. He was attracted to the' house from the road, which was quit9 near, by catching .sight of something nnusnal through the blind ; the brief says there were no curtains or snutters. jnow took at tue pnotograpns of the footprint See No. 1, found out side the' window, the toes are pressed dowu deeply into the mod. The owner of t'he feet was standing on tip-toe to get a better view. Bat in No. 2, which was found hear where the son thought he saw a ' person running, the toes are spread out quite wide. That is the footprint of some one who was in a grSat/Jiurry. Now it is not probable that a boy had anything to do with the tailator's death. Why, then, was the bby running -so hard ? I will tell you : because he was frightened at somethiug be had - seen throagh the blind. So frightehed was he, that he will not come forwacdf'or- answer the advertisements aod inquiries. Find ' a boy in that town who . has a joint missing on the third toe ox this right foot, and you will sqoh/know 'all /about; it.' '"By Jove,' said Geoffrey, what a criminal! tawyer -you would make ! I believejhat ' you have got it But how are 've'fo/fipd this boy with the missing toejoiot? Every possible inquiry has already been made aud failed. Nobody bjuf seen sfieb .a boy, whose deficiency would probably be known by his parents, or schoolfellows.' . ' Yes,' -said Beatrice, ' it has foiled bpcause the ' boy has taken to wearing shoes/ which, indeed he would always have to do at school. His parents, ifhe hes -any, wonld perhaps' not speak of hie disfigurement, and ho one else might know of it, especially if he were a new comer- - in the j neighbourhood, r Ifr-is quite possible1 mat he took eff his bouts in ordeir to crtep up to -the ' window. And -now I will /tell you how l auoulff set to -work to firid him. ' I should have every bathing-pia'ce io . the river ronniug throagh. the town— there- ie a river — carefully watchieti.by-/ detecuves. In this weather, '-. ('he autumn .was an an- ; usually, warm one) '-boys -of : that class often paddle end- sometimes bathe. If they wateh clpae enough, they 'will pro bably .fiudia' boy "with a missing toe joint amoug -the number." will telegraph to the lawyers at once. I certainly believe ithii iyou"» have got the trine.' Aunts' jit -djirnbd out', kfer wards I Beatrice Jiai got/lt; her. "suppositions were .right iii almost every particular. The boy, who prpvfed 'to .be the'sota o| i pedjar who had recently come foto .the town, waa'foundading, aod'by acleVer trick, wbich need ...not be detailed, frightened into 'tellu .the tgnth, as he bad previoosly "f rmliteniad; . himself into holding his -fone./5 il0 had cven, as Beatrice copjectuiiS, taken pff his toots to creep op to tiie-window, and as he nn av/v hftii in 'hiR- fripht. dronbed them ihfo ariitch fall of water. There toiaywere'foand; . ai/wBnV/jr.fo. ccui vince the -jury of the iruthiof his story. Thus it was thkt > Beatrice's quick wit laid "the|nde1|«|8 pf jget# S1881 success. , This pkridctAfirjMonyJWas a field nbduratpg'Ab-iawectL earth " Could io riwnAtaf'tKPv si- s on account of -tithe;- Therefore. Mr obtained, had anopunced his intention ixmmsmz defiance/ ilf«uy«baitiffii oraoctioneer, or such people came to sell his hay he would kill him, or them. So said Jones, and summoned his supporters, many of whom owed tithe, aud none of whom wished to pay it, to do battle in his cause. . For his part, Mr. Granger retained an auctioneer of undoubted courage who was to arrive on this .very afternoon supported by six policemen, and carry out the sale. Beatrice felt nervous about the whole thing, but Elizabeth was very deter mined,' and the old clergymaD was now bombastic and now despondent. The auctioneer arrived doty by the one o'clock train. He was a tall able-bodied man/ 'not unlike Geoffrey in appearance, indeed at twenty yards distant it would have been difficult to tell them apart The' sale was to take place at half-past two; and Mr. J ohnstou — thrt was '.the auctioneers name — went to the inn to get his dinner before . proceeding to business. He was informed of the hostile demonstration which awaited him, and that an. English member of Parliament had' bean 'sent down es proudly » head the mob ; bnt being a man of mettle pooh-poohed the whole affair. . ' All bark, sir,' be said to Geoffrey, ' all bark and no bite ; I'm not afraid of these people. Why,- if they won't bid for the stuffy I will buy it myself.' ' All right,' eaid Geoffrey, ' bnt I ad vise yon to look out. I fancy tbat the old man is a rough customer. Then Geoffrey went back to his din ner. .As they sat at the meal, throagh a gap in in the fir trees they saw that the great majority of the population of Bryngelly was streaming np towards' the scene of tbe sale, some to agitate, and some to see the fun. ' It ie pretty well time to be off,' said Geoffrey. 'Are yon coming, Mr. Granger?' ' Well,' answered -the old gentleman, I wished to do sp, but Elizabeth thinks that I had better keep away. And af ter all, you know,' he added airily, ' perhaps it is as well for a clergyman not to mix himself np .too much in these temporal matters. No, I want to go and see about same pigs at the other end of the parish, and I think that I shall take this opportunity.' ' Yon are not going, Mr. Biugbam, are yon T asked Beatriee in a voice which betrayed her anxiety. 'Oh, yes,' he answered, 'of course I am, I would, not miss the chance for worlds Why, Bescbam Bones' is going to be there, tbe member of Parliament who has just dou'e his four mouths for iociting to outrage.. We are old friends ; I was at school with 'him. Poor fellow he was mad even io those days, aud I want to chaff him,' ' ' I think that you had far better not go, Mr, Bingham,' said Beatrice ; ' they are a very rough set.' 'Everybody is not so cowardly as yon are,' put in Elizabeth. ' I am going at aoy rate.' ' That's right, Miss Elizabeth,' said Geo ffrey ; ' we will protect each other from the revolutionary fury of the mob. Come it is time to start. And so they went, leaving Beatrice a prey to melancholy forebodings. She waited in the house for the best part of au hour making pretence to play witu jstne. men tier anxiety got tne better of ber ; ehe put on her hat and started, leaving Effis in charge of the servant Betty. Beatrice walked quickly along tbe cliff till she came in sight of Jones' farm. From where she sto <d she conld make out a great crowd of men, and even, when the wind turned towards her, catch the noise of shouting. Presently she heard a sound like the report of a gun, saw the crowd break np in violent confusion, and then clnBter together again in a dense mass. . ' What could it me&u; T Beatrice won dered. As tile thought crossed her mind, she perceived two men tunning toward her with, all their, speed, followed, by a woman. Three minntes more and she saw that the woman was Ellzibeth. The men were passing her now. ' What is it V die cried. ' Murder 1' they answered with oue voice, and sped on towards Bryngelly. - Another moment Elizabeth was at hand, horror written on her pale pace. - Brattice clutched at ber. ' Who is it f she cried. 'Mr. Biagh'am, gasped her sister. ' Go and help ; he's shot dead !' And she too was gone. Beatrice's knees loosened, her tongne clave to the roof of her month ; the solid earth spaa roand and round. 'Geoffrey killed J Geoffrey killed!1 she- cried in her heart ; but though her ears seemed to hear "the sonnd of them, no words came from her lips. Ob, what should she do ? ' "Where should ehe hide herself aud her grief ? A few yards trom tne parn grew a stunted tree with a stone" at its root. Thither Beatrice staggered aud sank, upon ,the stone while still the solid, earth spun rouhdrand round. Presently ber mind cleared a -little, and a keener pang of pain shot through her'floul. She had been sfonned at first, now she felt. Perhaps it -was not true ; perhaps Elizabeth had been, mistaken or had only said it ltd. Jorment her. She -rose. , She flung hernelf opon her knees, there by the stone, and prayed, this first time for many yeare — she prayed '"with 'all her soul."" 'Oh, God, if Thou' art, spare J him his life .and me this agony." In . : her -dreadful pangs of .grief her faith, was thus re/bora, and, as ail human be/ inge muet ih their hour of mortal agony, Baatrice realised her (dependence on the- Unseen. She - rose, and/ weak with omotirn nank back ' on to the Btone: / Ths p fo jile Were styraming past her now, : talhreg excitedly. " Somebody came up to her and stood over her. . ! Ob; Heaven, it was 'Geoffrey ! Tt in vbii l' ehe easDed. ' Elizabeth said 'tVajtyouwerernurdered.' .; ;j. f No, np. ,It was i noj, me ; it is that poor fellows Johnson,- the auctioneer. Jdhfes'riiot lfim. ; I / w_M fobding'nact j him. I , suppose your "sister .thought" that ; "Ue .>&' not ,unlure 1 .me, popr.-fellow.!, : Beatrice lopked at ;him, went red, went' white; then buret into a flood of l. Aetrknge pang/seized upon his heart.. It -thrilled through him, shaking him to the S0fo. - Why :?vas ibis >roiniin"%o Mjiafbi&ft; «tfli;th!e thought Vetore it waVbonxsJi- ii/-; i-wi- H r Don't cry,' Geoffrey said, the people will see yon, - Beatrice' (for the first time he called her by ber christian name) ; ' pray do do not cry. It dis tresses me. Yon ate upset, arid ho wonder. That follow Beecham ; Bones ought to be hung, and I told him so. It is his work, though he never meant it to go so for. He's frightened enough now. I can tell yon.1 Beatrice controlled herself with an effort ' What happened,' he said, I will tell you as we walk along. No, don't go np to the firm. He is no pleasant sight, poor fellow. When I got np there, Beecham Bones was epontiog away to the mob — hie long hair flying about his back!— exciting them to resist laws made by brntal thieving landlords, and all that kind of gibberish ; telling them that' they wonld be supported by a great party in Parliament, dec., dsc. The people, however, took it all good- naturedly enough. They had a beauti ful effigy of yonr father swinging on a pole, with a placard on his breast, on which was written, ' The robber of the widow and the orphan,' and they were singing Welsh songs. Only I saw Jones, who was mote than half drunk, earning and swearing in Welsh and Eugliab. When the auctioneer began to sell, Jones went into the honse and Bones went with him. After eoongh had been sold to -pay the debt, and while the moo was still tangoing ana snooting, suddenly' the back door of the house opened and oat rnshed Jones, now quite drank, a. giro in . his hand aod Bones banging on to fats coat-tails. I was talking to the auctioneer at the moment, and my belief is that the brute thought that I was Johnson. At any rate, be fore anything could be done he lifted the gun and fired, at me, as I think Tbe'charge, however, passed my bead aud-hit poor 'Johnson full in the face, killing him dead. That is all the story.' ' And quite enough, too,' eald Bea trice with a shudder. ' What times we live in ! I feel quite sick.' Sapper that night wae a very melan choly affair. Old Mr. Granger' was al together thrown off bis balance ; and even Elizabeth's iron nerves were shaken. ' It conld not' be worse, it conld not be worse,' moaned the old man, rising from the table and walking up and down the room. Nonsense, father,' said Elizabeth the practical. ' He might have been shot before be had sold the hay, and then" yon would not have got your tithe.' Geoffrey could not help smiling at this way of looking at things, from which, however, Mr Granger seemed to draw a little comfort. From constantly thinking about it, and the daily pressure of necessity, money had come to be more to the old man than anything else io the world Hardly was the meal done when three reporters arrived, and took down Geoffrey's statement of what had occur red, for Various papers, while Beatrice went away to see about packing Effie's things. They were to start by a train leaving for London at half-past eight on the following morning. When Beatrice came back it was half-past ten, and in his irritation of mind Mr. Granger insisted upon everybody going to bed. Eliza beth shook hands with Geoffrey, con- gratulating mm on nis escape as ene aid so, and went at once ; bnt Beatrice lingered a1 little. . At last she came for ward aod held out her hand. ' Good- night, "Mr. Bingham,' she said. ' Good-night. I hope that this is not good- bye- also,' he added with some anxiety.- ' Of course not, broke in Mr. Granger. 'Beatrice will go and see yon off I can't. I have to go and meet the coroner about the inqnest, aod Eliza beth is always busy in the honse. Luckily Ihev won't want yon ; there were so many witnesses.' 'Then it is only good- night,' said Beatrice.. She went , to her room. Elizabeth who shared it, was already asleep, -or appeared to be asleep Then Beatrice, undressed' and got into bed, bnt rest she conld not. It was, 'only good-night,' a last good- night. He was going away — bad;' to his wife, back to the great rushing world, ' and to the life in which she; had. no share. Yery noon he wonld forget her. . Other iotereeta wonld arise, other women wonld become his friends, and he ' wonld forget the Welsh girl who had attfacted him for a while, or remember her only as the companion of a rough adventure. What did it mean? ' Why whs her heart so sore ? . Why had , she felt as though she should die when they told her that he was dead ! .Then-tile answer rose' in her breast: She loved him ; it was' useless to deny tbe truth— ehe loved him . body and heart and . soul, with all her mind and all her strength. She was his, and his alone — to-day, to-morrow and for ever. TT _ _ la _ _ X 1 .lAl .1 1-1.1 nn migQL go irum aer Bigot, boo migab never. mever see him more, but love him she always must. And he was married ! Well,' it was her .misfortune ; it conld not affect the eolema truth. What ehonld she do, how ehoald she eodure her life when her eyes no lodger saw hu eyes,- 'and her eats' never heard his voice ? She raw/the future stretch itself before her as hi a vision. She saw her self forgotten by thia man, whom ehe loved, or from time to time remembered only, with a faiut .regret. She. saw her self .growing -slowly. old, her beauty fad ing yearly -from ber face and form, com-" paified 'oniy 'hy the Jove that grows old. Ob, ityras bitter, bitter ! and yet she. woald not have it otherwise. Even io her prin she felt-it better to have found this -deep-' and ' kninpua joy, to' have wrestled with ..the ; Angel .! and -been worsted, than never to hare looked npbn his face- n If she (conld only : know that what she gave was given back- again, thpt he lovhd her aB sfad ioved him, she would be content. She wae. innocent, : she" bad never tried ts draw him to her, ehe had fcted ; no, toiich or look, no womBm'eadrlutGuchas herbpauty piapej -pt her" command. .There -had. been no word spoken, 1 scarcely a mean ing giaftcfe had , pasted betwefeu t them/ nothing but : /frank" and free. compaDion- ®hip :asbf!m«i with maa :-She knew she did - not I love his wife, -and' that 1 hie" (wife' did - not lore him— this ehe conld lse&' But VshViffail, hjever 'tried to win 'him! frqm'.hera and though she sinned-in thought, -though her heart was guilty — oh/ber hands were clean ! : ' 'HeiriMtieBBhBaa/bvercame "hBr. /She, 'tnifri np/glpngpr lie/ In bad. /BtizaWtb,; 1 watching through her veildf tieep; eaw. Beatrice rise, put on a wrapper, and going to the window, throw it wide. At first she thonght of interfering, for Elizabeth was a prudent person and did not tike draughts ; but her siBter's move ments excited her curiosity, snd she re frained. Beatrice eat down on the foot of her bed, and leaning her arm upon the window-sill looked ont npoo the lovely quiet night. How dark the pine trees massed against tbe aky ; how Boft was the whiaper of the sea, and how vast the heaven through which the etare sailed on. What wae it, then, this love of here ? Wae it mere earthly passion ? No, it was more, ft was somethiug grander, purer, deeper, and quite undying. Whence came it, then ? If she was, as she bad thonght, only a child of earth, whence came this deep desire which was not of the earth ? Had she been wrong, had she a sonl — something that conld love with the body, and through the body and beyood the body — some thing of which the body with its yearn ings was bnt tbn- envelope, tiro taud w instrument ? Oh, now it seemed to Beatrice that this was so, and that called ioto being by ber love she and her sonl stood face to face acknowledging their unity. Once, she had held tbat it was phantasy :' that such spiritual hopes were bnt exhalations from a heart un satisfied I thd.1 when love escapes as on the earth, in our despair, we swear it is immortal, and that we shall and it In tbe heavens. Now she believed tfaiB no more. Love had kissed her on the eyes, aod at his kiss her sleeping spirit was awakened, and she saw a vision of the truth. Yes, she loved him, aud must always love him ! Bnt she conld never know on .earth that he was hers, and if she had a spirit to be freed after some few years, wonld not his spirit have for gotten. hers in tbat for hereafter of their meeting ? She dropped her brow apoh her arm and softly sobbed. What was there left for her to do except to sob — till her heart broke ? Elizabeth, lying with wide-open ears, heard the .sobs. Elizabeth, peering through the mooalight, saw her elster's form tremble in the convulsion of her sorrow, and Bmiled a smile of malice. ' The thing is done,' she thonght ; ' she cries because the man is going. Don't cry, Beatrice, don't -cry I We will get your plaything back for you. Oh, with such a bait it will be easy. He is as sweet on yon as yon on him.' There was something evil, something almost devilish, in the scene of the one watching woman holding a clue to snd enjoying the secret tortures of the other plotting the while to tarn them to her innocent rival's destruction and her own advantage. Elizabeth's jealousy was in deed bitter as .the grave. Suddenly Beatrice ceased sobbing. She lifted her head, and by a sudden impulse thtew oat tbe passion of her heart with all her concentrated' strength of mind towards tbe man she loved, murmuring as Bhe did so some passionate, despair ing words which she knew. At this moment Geoffrey, Bleeping soundly, dreamed that he saw Beatrice seated by her window and looking at him with eyes which no earthly obstacle cuuia unuu. oue was speaking ; ner lips moved, but though he could hear no voice tbe words she spoke floated in to his mind — "Be# god and hold me With a charm ! Be a man and fold me With thine arm. Teach me, only teach, Love ! Ae I ought I will speak thy speech, Love, Think thy thought — Meet, if thou require it, Both demands, -Laying flesh and spirit In thy hands. That shall be to- morrow, Not to-night : I most bury sorrow Out of right. Mast a little weep, Love, . (Foolish me !) And so fall asleep, Lore, Loved by thee." Geoffrey heard them in his heart. Then they were gone, the vision of Beatrice was gone, and suddenly lie awoke. Oh, what was this floofi of inarticu late, passion- laden thonght tbat beat upon his brain telling of Beatrice ? Wave after wave it came, utterly over whelming bim, like the heavy breath of flowers stirred by a night wind — like a message from another world. It was real ; it was no dream, no fancy ; she was present with bim though she was riot there ; ber thought mingled with his thought, her being beat upou his owa His heart throbbed, his limbs trembled,- he strove to understand and conld not. But in the mystery of that dread communion, the passion he had trodden down aod refused acknowledg ment took life and form withiu him ; it grew like the lodiao's magic tree, from seed to Dlade, trom olade ti bud, aod from bud to bloom. Io that moment it became clear to him ; he koew hs loved her, aod knowing what such a lnve must mean, for bim if not for ber, Geoffrey sank back and groaoed. (To be continued in our next.) 