Death of the Welsh Rail ; * way King. (By Bkytiion.) f. There is not perhaps in all the bran ches of literature anything more valuable than biography, and especially of men who ; have risen from the poorest to the richest' ranks, such, for instance, as Abraham Lincoln and Garfield, in Amonca, and tho late David Davies, of Llaudinam, in Wale3. The histories of men like these form; not unfrequently, the histories of nationalities, and the effect that the recital of their hardships, their struggles against adverse circum stances, and. their ' ultimate triumph over them, cannot possibly be over estimated. And it is mainly because I attribute great importance to the influ ence whioh the reading of the lives of great men may help to make the world sublime, that I ask for special space to recite, as conoisely as I can, the story of the life of Mr. David Davies. My facts are gleaned from the columns of the Oswestry Advertiser, an old news paper of the highest respectability, and whose veracity therefore is unimpeach-r able. Mr. Davies was born at a place called Draintewion, Llandinam, on 18th December, 1818, his father being the village sawyer, and in a small way, the local timber merchant. Like most Welsh boys of his tinie, David Davies had to depend upon the education of the parish church for his early instruc tion, but. he supplemented this by thoughtful self-culture and the practical training which the university of obser'. vation gave him, and in which he took', not a mere ' pass,' but very honors^. ,He left school when about 11 years of age, and worked with his father arid brothers in the timber business. Plank making was a speciality with them, and soon their fame in that line became such that they had orders to execute from far and wide. ' At the age of 20, Mr. Davies's father died, leaving him the eldest son of a widowed mother, and practically now the head of the family. David Davies realised the position at once. He did not sit down and .sorrow,- as one who would have no comfort, 'His keen perception and natural gifts stood Him in good stead, now that he had become the sole prop and director of the whole household. Nor did his hsppy luck forsake him under all his burden of responsiblities. He allowed no difficulty to obstruct his path ; but with a strong arid unconquer able will, a determined energy, and bold attack, he overcame them all. There had been founded in the young man's heart noble principles when as a child he. bent in prayer at. his'' mother's knees— which doubtless accounts for the solidarity of his character ; and enthusi astic support of all Ohrisftan organisa tions./ Atone time when contributions were, solicited for the liquidation of ? a debt^ ori : a . chapel he promised a good round sum, to the astonishment of the 'chapel ! authorities, an d: this 'was pro-, mised at a time when he did not know t whore the sum was to come' from,1 thus tempting Providence to throw her ?favors into his lap; but he was able to meet fully every obligation. After 'a time Mr. Davis took up a large farm called Tynymean, a beautiful spot on theVWelsh side of the Severn Valley, and which now forms the home farm, or swhat we: Australians would term it, «the, head station of the Plasdinam Estate. To his already fairly big possessions— and they were really-jbig in those days, when one. had tb.pay as much as £3 an acre for rental — Mr. Davies annexed Gwernerin, for, as his resources increased, his experience widened, and, as will be shown later on, his liberality, always large, was largely expanded. '? An amusing incident (says the ghost of , my departed friend Askew Roberts, of Oswestry) is related of Mr. Davies. ..At the time, of his removal to Gwernerin it was 'necessary that he ?should largely increase his stock, and for this purpose he attended an auction where there were a number of cows on sale, some of which he 'had determined to buy. . Not being dressed like a wealthy man or a gentleman,; farmer, and persistently bidding for every cow to which he had taken a fancyy, having an excellent judgment in all such mat ters, the auctioneer paused and ex pressed a strong doubt as to the substantiality of his meanB in making so many purchases, and loudly asked him for his bail. Mr. Davies then drew out a long, well-worn, and old fashioned purse, and held it up, jingling the con tents, and said, ' Here's my bail, man ; go on ;' and 'from that time,', signifi- cantly adds his biographist, ' he could get all the cows ho wanted.' Farming and plank-sawirig still occupied Mr. Davies's ,time until ho mot Mr. Savin, whoso name is a household word in con nectkm with Cambrian railways. About this time, however, Mr. Daviesu tdiok unto himself a partner, the chosen la'tfy being Miss Margaret Jonefl, the'yorihg esb daughter of Mr. Edward Jor^es, Llanfair Giereinion, of whom I venture to quote this much : ' Mrs. Davies has been a true and real helpmeet, and the means of encouraging Mr. Davies in all his liberality, and there ia sorine rbason to believo that though Mr. Davies.'was pre-eminently a philanthropist; yet ' the support which he obtained from his equally generous and sympathetic wife probably more than assisted the inner tendencies of his good heart to break out into practical acts of benevolence1.' I have already mentioned the name '6f Mr. Savin, with whom Mr; Davies entered into partnership, and together went into the work of constructing railways in the principality. Their first undertaking was the Llanidloeis ? arid Nowtown Railway ; then cdrne the Y,d\a of Clwyd line from Rhyl to Denbigh— now extended to Ruthin, Corweri, 'with a branch to Bala, Llangplleri', : arid Ruabon, where it joins the, 'London' !and Great Western line. Other railways of equal importance to the development of Wales followed in rapid succession',' but I need not mention them here jsave drily that particularly great work, the con struction of the Pembroke and Tenby railway, in- which he was joined by one of the most noble hearted of men I ever knew, Mr. Ezia Roberts, of Llanelwy (St. Asaph). Mr. Davies amassed wealth, and not unnaturally,' sought new channels for its investment. This. landed him in mining speculations in the Rhondda Valley, and in 1865 he was one of the promoters of the Oqean Collieries Limited Liability Company, which ultimately led to the construction of the Barry docks and railway. Seven years ago Mr, Davies began his erusade against tho Mai quis of Bute, heading - the list of promotion money with,.on offer of £100,000; and, while under examination before the Parliamentary Committee, and asked how the ..money could be raised, he characteriatiqally replied : 'If the people can't ifind -the money I will find it all myself ' 'After three years' fighting, the .Marqtiii^ of Bute's case collapsed, and the result has ? been the construction of some iof ?,. the finest docks in the world. j Mr.* Davies r was .twice elected JM. P.- for; Cardigan .constituencies, but. was ?,. beaten' j'onJMr. Gladstone's ? Irish Homo Rule .Bill; in ?1886, Mr. Bowen RowlandSjiQiC:,r/cle feating . him. Mr. Lucy,1'; the .'brilliant late sub-editor of the X6ridori.'.,'DAiLY News, in ..his ' Diary., of. Two, ', Parlia- ments,' gives a racy description of Mr. Davies : 'I have been a working -.man myself, Mr. Speaker,' he has often told us with his fine South Wales accent, ' and now I employ a good many.lmen, and pay more in wages in a week than some of you would think.' ' Lucyw^ds : ' He is known both in and out of the House us one of its most modest and most genuine members, who ..never speaks on a subject with ,, which ;;li,e is not thoroughly acquainted,,.: and who never sits down without having first imparted to the House ? some shrewd observation or some humorous- notion.' Such is the record of a beautiful 7|ife. May it be that there are living '.some young Welshmen to follow its. splendid example. There are other incidents in it which, were space at command, 'one would like to mention; but I. think I cannot do bettor than close this; ibrief notice with tha following extract'-from the Advertiser, at the same time, in fanoy, placing on the lid' of the de parted's coffin a white flower, alily,irom Australia: — '/.i.'u xi ' Through the greater part of his life Mr. Davies enjoyed robust,; health, but about two years ago he was com pelled to consult Dr. Paveyiv;of ^Lon- don, for diabeteB, and, although the disease was successfully ohecke'd, Mr. Davies never recovered his vigour. He was attended at various times ..by. Dr. .- Fergusson, of Caersws, Dr. Gill, of Walshdool, and Dr. Burd, of , Shrews- bury, and Dr. Price, of Cardiff,; was sent for to sse the patient in consultation with Dr. Gowau, of Newtbwn^ j^lip at tended him up to the last, Dr. James, of Rhoudda Y&Uey;, a brotber-iriflnw of, ' - the deceased gentleman, 'frequently paid visits to Bronierion, and a month ago Sir William Roberts was called in, and after a minute examination was in clined to attribute the illness to indura tion of the liver or inward cancer. A specialist in cancer disease, Dr. And rews, of London, was then consulted, .but he was unable to pronounce the nature of the disease, and Sir Andrew Olark,. who, with Sir William lloborta came down to Broneirion about a fort night ago, was not 'inclined to accept the theory that Mr. Davies was suffering from cancer, believing it to be more . probably a contraction, of some vessel ..which affected the stomach. The disease, which thus baffled the skill of , the most eminent dootors, and could not be diagnosed, unhappily caused Mr. Davies great pain, and it was not pos: Bible to perform any operation which could relieve him . As his weakness in creased, and ultimately he was alto gether confined to his bed, he expressed , a desire that he might be laid in the .dining-room, and there, at 4 o'clock on , Sunday afternoon, he passed away, in the presence of his widow, his only son, Mr. Edward Davies, and the family . attendants. His Iaat moments were i full of pain for the patient and great anxiety for the members of tho house hold, and although it was known that' the end could not be far off, it came somewhat unexpectedly to the sorrow ing group at Broneirion. Mr. Davies, who was a man of strong religious con victions, often expressed a desire that' his friends should not pray for his re covery 5 and, indeed, it was almost im possible to wish that a life of so much suffering should be. prolonged.' — Bris- . , bane Telegraph. 