The Story of the Iceberg. ; (See illustration on this page.) How weary the ice-river grew In fiose dark months of winter night, And, poised upon his lofty cliff, Longed, lsnged for other worlds and flight. . "What use was all his mighty mould, With none to wonder and admire The light and color that ho held, The moonstone gleam, the opal fire! In vain the mother glacier showed Pale altars answering with cold rites .. I The flashes of eternal stars, The lances of the northern lights ; j A band of sunbeams came that way, Tempted, and touched, and lured him on Wild dreams of suns and southern skies A wrench, a plunge, and he was gone. With swift embmco the billows swelled, To meet him, leaping twice and tin ico In thunder, ere they led him forth, King of the World of floating ice. Down, down, by viewless currents drawn, His huge mass underneath the sea, His lofty tops ehskyed, he moved . . Like somo vast ili.it in majesty. Out from the dark, mysterious Noith, With all its glamor, every night Tingling with unforgotten dreams, And every day flood-full of light. The white bear slumbered in his caves ; The sunbeams played about his tips j Down, down I e boro to summer seas ' ? ? And crashed his way through sinking ships. >. And drowning sailors saw on high, ' Those icy walls whore surges tossed, , , Descended out of heaven, a pile Of jewelled splendor fired in frost. Lapis and turquois pierced with light To sapphire, emerald hollows paled x To beryl, topaz burning clear In flamesof chrysolite, he sailed. Down, down to equatorial seas Still slowly drifting-ah, how sweet ¡ These soft caresses of the tide Far in the depths about his feet! . . Howtenderly this morning gleam r^ Saluted ali his shining spires, . That far away the voyager saw . V Tipped with the blaze of ruby fires ! ' ; How ardently through warm south winds The stresses of the noontide beaty Till brooks burst forth far up his sides. Dissolving in a fervent heat. Now plumed with streaming smoke he went, Now but a cloud of amethyst, The ghost of glory, weird and white, Now wrapt within a world of mist. The sweet and treacherous currents still Around his weakening bases whirled, The great throat of the hurricane Tremendous blasts against him hurled. Into blue air he crept ; and now Those sunbeams armed with javelins swarmed, A hostile legion, fierce and fain, And all his awful beauty stormèd. Ah, for that dim' dark home once moró, . Those lances of the northern lights ! Then his tops bent, them to their fall. The wide seas rose and drowned his heights. And, but a hulk of crumbling ice, Within the deep he found his grave, Stranded upon a hidden key, And washed to nothing by a wave. . The Story of the Iceberg. (See poetry on this page.) 