WAKING DREAMS AND OTHEk1' ILLUSIONS. ScIrEdC has done much to show that the e old belief in apparitions rested on nothing t more than illusive fancies often resulting 1 from plsysiclderangement, and we may depend upon it that the explanation of many illusions tliat once were mysteries, . is to be found in a study of the physiology7 of the nerves and of the mind. To I thoroughly elucidate the subject of these v illusions within a brief space, we may begin t by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages d of the physiologist. One ofthe bestaown i cnses-derivringitsinterestfromthefacttha th thesubjectoftlhevisitationsin question him- i self narrates the facts-is that of 7Nicolai, a t well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, t who read an- aeeount of his case hefore thle lBerlin Academyof Sciences. We shallgive. the anecount in his own words. "During h tihe few latter months of the year 1700,"0 says Nicolai, "I had experienced several v melancholy incidents,which deeply affected o me, particudarly in September, from which ii time I suffered an almost uninterrupted s series of misfortunes, that affected me with p the most poignanntgrief. I wans accustomed to be bled twic a year, and this had been t done once on the 9th of July, but "was 1 omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1700. . . . I had, in January and t February of the year 1791, the additional a misfortune to experience several extremely a unpleasant circumstances, whiech were foliowed on the 4t11h of Feblruary by a most i violeet altercation. M-y wife t nd anotler person came into my apartment in the r morning in order to console me; but I s-s too much agitated by a series of incidents which lhad most power- t fully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived at about thedistance of t ten steps, a form like that of a deceased I person. I pointed at it, asking my wiifif i sle did not see it. It was bnt natural f that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed hier very much,i and shie sent immediately for a physician.o The phantasm continued for some minutes. I I grew at length more calm, and being ex-v tremely exhlusted, fell into a restlsss sleep, which lasted about half-an-hour. Thephy siein ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and lhoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my s mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, t which deserve a more minute description. t "At four in the afternoon, the form whiclh I had seen in the morning reappeared. I b was by myself when this happened, and f being rattier uneasy at the incident, went b to my wifo's apartment; but there likewise i I was persecuted by the form, which, how- t ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. f About six o'clock there appeared also several e walking figures, which had no connection t wit the thfirt. Aftertlhe first day, the form I of the deceased person no more appeared, t but its place was supplied with many t other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I knew were composed of living I and deceased persons, but the number of N the latter was comparatively small. . When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanishl entirely, though there t were instances when I beheld them with t my eyes closed; yet, when theydisappeared j on such occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eycs. They all appeared I to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well is j different colours and fashions in their a dresses, though the colours seemed some- r whatt paler than in real nature; none of r the figures appeared particularly terrible, 1 comical, or disgusting, most of them being i of an indifferent shape, and some present- I ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me. the moreto frequently did they returnl, while at thev same time they increased in number about four weeks after ry had first appeared. I I also began them talk; sometinies among the?tn; ut more frequently they n hll'? isc- tome; their yet wholly subsiled; thuir consolatorye speeches were in Ceneral addressed tome when I- was alone.# Sometimes, however, I was accosted by these consoling friends while I was engagCed in company., and not unfrequently while real persons were speak ing to me. The consolatory addireses con- < sisted sometimes of abruptt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed." Such was Nicolai's account of the phanltom-visitors who addressed and con soled him in his domestic alfietion. It is interesting to pursue still further his accountof tieirditsppearnetce. The reader -will recollect thalt Nicolai had neglected to repeat at the end of 1700 the blood-letting in which it was customary in the days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided thalt leeches should be f used, and on April 20, 1701, at eleven - o'clock in the morning, Nicolai informs nus the operationwas performed. "Noperson," lie continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, but during the operation my chlamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. This continued unin terruptedly till about. half an hour after r four o'clock, just when my digestion com menced. I then perceived that they begoan to move more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirelywhite. But they moved I very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in number, as had generally been the case. They now seemed to dissolve in the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was entirely cleared of msy fantastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nicolni, "I have felt twice or three times a sensotion as if they were going to reappear, without, however, nctuallyseeing anything. The same sensation surprised meo just before I drew up this account while I was examining some papers relative to tlese phenomena, which I Iad drawn up in the year 1701." Such is a historical nccount of what may appear to tie senses of a sane and reason able individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will be advisable togive one or two further examples of the pheenona in question. On theoccasionof tile fire which destroyed poart of tlhe Crystult Palace in tihe winter of 18EG-7, part of the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flames. The chimpanzee, however, was believed to have escaped from his cage and was presently seen on thie roof endeavour ing to save himself by clutching in wild despair one of tie iron -beams which the fire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watched with an intense curiosity, mingled with sroror and sym patly for the supposed fate which awaited the unfortimate monkey. 0hat -eus the" surprise of the spectaloro of animminent tragedy to find that the object which in the guise of a terrified ape had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of canvas blind, so tattered, that to tlhe eye of the imagintion, and when moved by tile wind, it presented the exact counterpart of a strugghng animal! Suc[ an example is of especial interest, becauseit proves to us that iot one person alone, but a urge number of spectators, may be deceived by. sn object imperfectly seen, and sided in the illusion by anviiil imoginetius, into foncying all the ietails of a spectacle of se-ith the chief actor is entirely a myth. A singular case has been given-on strict medical autlhority of a lady, wlho, walking from P'enrhyn to Falmouth--lher mind being occupied with the subject of drinking fountains--wus certain she sae in the road a newly-erected fountain, bearing the in scription, "If any man thirst, let slsm come unto me and drink." As amatter of cofirse she mentioned ier interest in seeing such an erection to the daus-hters of the gentle man who was supposop to have planed the foennin in itsposition. They.nssiured tier thot'no suoot fountain -as in existenc; but convinced of the reality of her ssenses on the ground that ' seeing is believing," she repaired to the spot where she had seen tile fosstaon, only- to find, hlowever, a few scattered stones sn place of tle expected erection. W e may now turn to consider the scientific explanation of such curious phenomena mn human existence. TIle Scauses of these illusions are not difficult to I understand, since they in reality dipend I upon a slight derangement of the powers whereby we see and lear in an ordinary and normal metlod. To.make ournmeanlng clear, let us briefly consider what takes place in ordinarysensation, when we see or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an object transfers an impressionof that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve ofs sight, which leads from the eye to the parto of tie brain exercising tie sense of sight. We in reality do not se with ltlie' eye. i That orgaff is merely an arrangement of. lenses adapted to receive, focus, and other- I wise adjust rays of light streaming from I the objects we' see. The function of the n eye is simply tbatof adjustin gand correlat sige the conditions necessary for the pro- d duction of an impression. 1his impression t is tarried in due course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation--tbatof silht. We s thus truly see not witllh the eye, but with the brain, or rather with that ortion of the I iran whiah lits ie direct retaltioncitfh the toerres of sight. The eye represents the lenses of the .photofmgrapers camera; but the brain corresponds to the sensitive platei which receives the image of the sitter, and I on which all subsequent alterations of the I image are effected. Of tie othlersenses, tie same prominent feature may also be ex ressed-namely, thant in the brain and not en the mere organ of sense must be allocated the true seat of knlowledge. The ear modi fies waves of sound; but it is the brain II Swhich distingalishes, appreciates, and acts c upon the information conveyed by the I organ of bearing. The finger touches an object; but thie seat of knowledge does not h exist at the extremity of the hand. Te n impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, tlhere to be analysed, com mented upon, and if necessary, nted upon as well. On thel appreciation of tile simple fact that the brain is thee true sent of tile senses, rests tihe whole explanation of the ghosts I and apparitions which occasionally attend tihe footsteps and meet thie eyes ofI humanity. When we are conscious of look-me ing at a real object, a sensation of sigsht is formed in the brain, as we have seen. Such a sensation we call an "objective" one, because iis derived from a veritable object. So also, wshen we hear a tune S played by a person wlsom we see, or of I whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, tile sensation of sound l is then called "subjective." But there are It many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce tie sensations. t sights, and sounds we lave received, is demonstrated. Tihe day-dreamercan some- g times bring the scenes in which he Ihas once taken part so vividly before his mental Ir gaze, that Iis reverie may actuallybe broken I by the words which unconsciously flowI froln is lips as his imagination starts into I bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is tie beginning or faint imita tion of a still more powerful means which l we possess of bringing before ourselves the i fonrs and scenes which Ihave once been i objectively present witll us. In tile dream n this power is illustrated typically enough.u From the background of consciousness so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures whlich a busy brain isreproduc ng, or it may be piecing togethler from the I odds and ends of its fancy .to form tie ludicrous combinations we are familiar a witllh in tile "land of Nod." And if we n carry the idea of this same power beingo exercied in or waking moments, to form C the ghllosts of science, tie explsanation of d tile otherwise curious and mysterious sub- a ject of illusive visions will be complete. We Ichow then thattlse brain has tile ordi- 1 nary power offormingimages wlich mray be projected outwards in tene form of tise fancies of ever-daylife. Ilut tlese pro- I jected fancies may grow into plain and I iapparent sensations or imges under theil I requisite conditions. Wihen we hear "a a ringing in tlhe ears," we know perfectly well thalnt no objective sosod exists, and b scientifically we say that thie sensation of hearing in such a case is an isteral or sui jeotive one. When we see flsslsbes of lighlt whic Iave no existence in tile outside world on which we happen to be gazing, I wse explain their occurrence in the same t way. ?Now, on such a basis, tie ghosts of I cience are both roised n aln laid. Tihe images and phantomrs of ircolni, like thie I sparks or flashes of ligllt, are subjective ar ,iu 1itch would have receivdo tlhe sr=g ,resions of sigt lhad tlle objects in ques tion Ihad an actual existence. But these subject also involves a reference to bodily n condition ilnd to memory itself. Primarily, itwill be folund that illusive visions appear only when thle healt of the subject of these visitations is in a weakly state. Thie doe rangesnent of thi health is the primaryon enuse of these curious states. It is, however, ecually worthy of remark I tllat many of tile plantasms of ricolair were persons wlhom he knew. Suchvisions thofl may he supposed to simply represent thle effects of very recent imagcsswhcll had I been received d stored in tile broin, and which were evolved by the exercise of on- e consscious memory. Of tile decersel persons wlhose images appeared to hirs, tile sme remark may be made-memory again re- i producing, by the subjective impressions of I the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of thie strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? Tie reply which science offers is that these I also awere images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time,C but whon lie could not remember; mys terious reproductions, by the brain, of i events whssich had been impressed thereon, but whichs had escaped renembrance by ordinary memory. Even tie cllaracters wihorm Nicolai may have simply seard described, could be thus produced, ands present apparently tie images of personso with whsom lIe was not, as'a matter of con scions memory, familiar. Tie brain, in stlhrr words, registers and remembers morec th l memory sca evolve ; and it is reason a le to conceivo that forgotten images ofc tin-s or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of iicolai's waking dreams. It is noteworthy that only after a long period of visitation fronm sis fantastic friendis did Nicolai begin to hear thlem speak. 'Tlst, the sense of hearing Ihad lso come in time to lend its aid in propa gating tile illusions; and tile fact that tibe visions addressed Nsiolai concerning hisa own immediate affairs and Ihis personal griefs and sorrows, clearly sllows the un conscious action of a mind which was Ibroodilng over its own trials, and which was evolving from witllin itself the com= fort and consolation of kindly friends. Last of all, tllat tile material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of their hIost is proved by their dis appearance on tse resumption of tilecusto mar bloodl-letting andl the improvement of tile ealthl-an additional fact showing tihe relation of thle Ihealthy body to tihe sound mind. All sluch illusive visions are.tlhus readily explained as the creatures of an imngina tion whichll, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions forward on tlse seats of sense, as tihe "ringing" in nor cars is produced by some irritation of tile Iharing-centre of tile brain. The ktnown vision is a reprdauc tion of tho present memory, and tihe un known vision is tile reproduction of a forgotten figurc whisih has nevertheless Iseen stored sway in some nook or cranny of tise memory-lcsamber. Science may tils--ns we have before Ishd frequent occasion to assure our readers -dispel tise illusion by its free explana tion and science has no hislger function or nobler use thsan wilss, by its aid, a ssbject lilac tile present is rescued from the domain of tile mysterious snd brought ritisin tile ophere of ordinary knowledge. 