THE GOi.DEN BOWL. .He had known her for many years. The time once was, when be had thought of asking her to be his wife; but that was some time ago, when Carrie Carew was only four or five years old, and Mrs. Win stay, then a widow of some five and thirty, was the child's governess. Since then more accomplished teachers hadsucceeded her, andshe was veryglad to accept the position of housekeeper which Sir John out of kindness, but with some diffidence, offered her, but she dispelled Dr. Beard's matrimonial intentions by so doing. A governess he might have married; a housekeeper, was out of'the question. To have done so would have ruined his pro fessional career, and he gave up the idea, not, perhaps, without a' pang, all of which, Mrs.'Winstay, happily for her own peace of mind, was ignorant of. 'Carrie :was in a highly nervous ex cited condition, slightly feverish, too, and, after talking to her a little while, and pre scribing some soothing medicine, Dr. Beard left her, promising to come again the next day; then he followed the house. keeper to her own private sitting-rodm: ' You'll take a glass of wine, doctor ?' 'Thank you, yes.' And the wine-some of the best in the cellar-was produced.' 'I should like you to see the poor master's body before you go away,' 'said Mrs. Winstay, with some hesitation. 'You knew him well, and will be able to say, whether his death was quite-' 'Yes?' inquired the man of science, as she paused. 'Quite natural,' she said, with a gasp. Dr. Beard started. ' Do you suspect anything ?' "I should not like to say. 'If you will examine him I shall be more satisfied. I have kept the keys of the room. He is lying there as I had him laid out; it has been a busy night, and ,I am tired, but the undertakers will be here soon, and I want you to see him before anybody else does.' 'Certainly ; I will go at once ; but is there anyone else who entertains :a doubt like yourself ?' ' ' Only one; and, you know, we.insay be wrong and should never forgive our selves if, through us, doubt was thrown upon anyone without cause, and who did not deserve it.' .'.I understand, and'you know you may trust me. Who is it you allude-to ?' 'Garston, the butler.' 'Call him.' 'A few. minutes later, Garston, looking 'omewvhat pale and nervous, came into the room. 'The doctor wants you to come with us to the room in which Sir Roland is laid out,' said Mrs. Winstay, herself looking 'a little agitated. 'Yes; but. I hope you have explained, ma'am, that we don't know anything, and it's onlythatwearenot quite satisfied. It would" ruin us if any story got about and there was no ground for it,' said the man in evident tremor, You may trust to me. I shall decide for myself, and take. the responsibility,' said Dr. Beard, calmly, as he signified 'his desire that Mrs. Winstay should lead the way to the chamber of death.' In a room hung with blood-red satini hangings, the bed heavily draped, and the furniture covered with the same sanguinary hue, Aith nothing but unframed mirrors, surrounded with the same crimson tinit, lay all that was mortal of Sir John Carew. It was not his .usual bedroom, on the contrary, tradition spoke of some :dark deed which had been perpetrated in this apartment, and so great was the horror of it, that instead of being called the red room, it was usually termed the ghost' chamber. 'Mrs. Winstay unlocked the door with some trepidation, and it was evidently with extreme nervousness that she entered the room. 'Sir John was very kind to me;' she said by way of apology, half covering hiert face, but no one answered her; for Dr. Beard asd Garston were already by the side of the corpse. '"Pull up the blinds and draw aside the curtains,' said the physician, to `her,' then looking up at the butler, he ordered him to uncover the body. Very closely and critically did Dr. Beard examine the body of his late patienit; then, when ,he had finished he asked Garston abruptly :,'Who was the first to find him?' ' I was, sir; I Went in to ask if he wanted anything before going to bed; I was going to lock up for the 'night 5as it was nmore than an hour past his usual time for going to bed.' "' And how did you find him?' ' Dead as heis now, sir,' and then .the man went on to explain the circumstances that had excited'his and the housekeeper's suspicions, the empty decanter, the pool of. dark liquid by the side of the: coal scuttle, the ink- stained fingers of the dead mani and the absence of any -writiig under his pen, though it had evidenily :been used; and last but not least, Bill Stacey's story of a black ighost 'which he vowed he had seen coming otitodf'ihe study windoiv.. Dr. Beard's face' became graver as he listened; ' H've you examined the win. dow,' he 'asked.: .: " ' 'Yes, but there's nadsign of. its having been open, indeed a spider bad spun its web outside the window, aiid it couldn't have been opened with6iit moving- ii; burit the window of the next room 'has been left open all night and there are marks of toot-prints in the flower, beds underneath, but they're scarce big enough for a man's. The foot- printh, to my mind; wouldn't count for much, most likely' it was one of the maids slipping out to meet Ssweetheart, it'bsthe wine that troubliis : .Nothing int thestudy has been touched, has it ?~ asked the isin?c'if scieice. . 'No, sir; we locked it up and kept the keys. Miss Carry is, as you know, unable t0 give orders. about inything, anid:,we declined to'take them from Mrs. Kemlp son; she wanted 'to go into. the room his morning, to find a book, she said.' 'I should say you have 'done quite right. Take me there, 'keep this door' locked, and admit no one to see the body until you hear from me.' Then the trio made their .way to the study. Everything was standing just as it had been lett the previous night. The empty glass and decanter, the chair in which Sir John had died,' ail awry, and the black pool by the side ot the fire- place. The doctor smelt the glass, the decan ter, and then gathered, in a small empty phial, which he took fromn a case in his pocket, about a teaspoonful of the dark liquid, then he turned to the two servants. 'You will hear fromn me later in the day,' he said gravely, 'in the interval, keep everyone, every person remember, out of this roon and the one above. There are shutters to tile windows are there not ? fasten them up, nlind I look to you two that nothing shall be dis turbed. At which Garston looked. frightened. but Mrs. Winstay replied firmly: 'You may rely upon us, sir, I will keep the keys myself; but please .take the re sponsibility off us as soon 'is possible, it won't be a pleasant burden.' - . - . ' I will lose no time, don't.: breathe a hint of anything,' and so. sayidg Dr. Beard departed. I have no doubt in my own mind, and yet I should like positive 'prools,' he thought, as he was being driven from the Court, his first idea having.,been .tb: call on the nearest magis:rate, then he counter manded the order, and told his aman to drive home. . , Two hours later he .came out of his laboratory, his face firmly set, his usually pale cheek flushed, and his eye looking keen 'and bright; theire 'was bo 'longer doubt.or hesitation in his tone or manner. 'Drive as fast, as. you. can to Luton Patk,' he said, as he entered the carriage. ' I shall just be in time td catch; his lord ship it'luncheon,"' e said to 6iimself, ' lie won't thank me for disturbing him with, such a busin'ess, but that is nothing.' Lord Lutoin was the father of Frederick Monckton, the young man' who. had: met. Sir Phillip Walsingham but an, hour be fore and asked hi.m if he was engaged to Carrie Carew, or if the prize he,. himself coveted was still unwon. Dr. Beard was right, his lordship was at luncheon when 'he arrived, and a polite message was sent to the doctor, asking him to join him;'- ..' ' But. the business::lipon :-which; 'the physician had come admitted of no delay, and he briefly' scribbled" words to that effect upon' his card. ' '..What is it, doctor.?'. asked.his lordship testily, 'as he came into'the room where the man of s'cience'dwas 'impatiently: wait ing him; ' why.couldn't you: come. in'and' have luncheon; I'm confoundedly hungry.' ' So am I, my lord, but appetite must wait, I willnot.detain you long,' and then, brieflyeas possible,'he stated the object of his visit. " i'Poisoned !'i exclaimed the peer, fqr getting all about 'his. luincheon; ,' who could have done it ?' The physician shrugged his soldiers. 'rThat is what we have to findl out, my lord,. Ilwas his medical attendant;' I decline to give a certificate as to the cause of death, be lieving"him to have died'fromi thie eflicts' 'of. poison ; ,it, is,-therefore .for, youas' a magistrate to order an inquest to be held, and the matter to be inquired into.' ' Yes, I see ! I see I but what a dread ful thing, my old friend Sir Jboh' pioioned ! who could have,done it? You spoke of somebodjr! "'ieiing: seen" outside the 'windbw, it:w'as'that mah'did it; you' may be sure..-,' ;' :; ; i ': i : ; ; : : . . ,'.But we don'tevenknow that it was a man,' objected the doctor ;.' the butler said the fidotprintu'?were like those of a ,o'That may be, ,though:I ddn't believe it; but .Godfrey Slocombe was in the neighbourhood of the Court yesterday, for' I saw him as I was riding; he tried to hide himself and pretended to be fishing in the river, but I was determined to make sure of my man,'so I stopped, and spoke to him and asked him how I happened to 'see'him:in this part of the world'again?' 'And what did he say?' asked the doctor, curiously. ' That he was going away from England to-day and had come to take a last look at th.;old place;:'. . 'O.ii:i o: "` ' Did he say where he was going ?' 'No; I didn't ask him. ". He wasn't a tman with whom a man, could. be-.too curious or take a liberty with; yo`' kno*, but he gave me an idea that he was going toihie'other?:ideof thecworldl ,I. invited him up here to look at some old manu-. scripts I have just bought, but he said he` had no time to come;. JIthought it. odd his being so near: Clovelly, but I never believed .he would ido such 'ti dastardly deed as this. Never !' :: '>Ildon't believebehedidit,'repliedDr. bBea s'turdily. "r mysuspicions tiravel in quite another quaiter, but it is not your btiin'es otrimine;,my lord to find oubwho is the culprit, what we have to discover is, has a crime been committed. If. you will send a message to the coroner and super-. intendent of police of the district, I shall' be grateful for the luncheon you kindly offered me.' 'True, I had forgotten, buti oughit 'we' not to arrest Godfrey Sloecombe at once ?' 'Arrest him on what charge? Fo'r being in the neighbourhood; I don't :believS he is any more guilty of a crime than you or I, my lord; yout would make yourself the laughing stock of the kingdom by taking such a step.' ' For all that I. believe he did it,' said the peer,'in some heat, as h'e sat down to write'the notes suggested by the 'physician. Meanwhile. my readers: are ddubtless asking, ' who' is Godfrey Sloecombe. ?' CIAPTERVIII . . :v .. A TALL, wiry manid:."ith crisp' dark hair, keen gray eyes,Cfeatures" too; finely cut, for strength or power toop sensitive to set' the world's buffets at naught, a man: ofi ?bout one or two and thirty, '.was" ,Godfrey' Sloe combe. : Evidently a 6elfimade, or rather self educated man, '?6 had-wandered about the world just fairenough to have lost iliis way its it, and ''",e rather conquered' by: difficulties : aidr~ circumstanices, ,than to attain a mastery over them. With talent, efnergy, and perseverance. enough to- havet'succeeded in 'any: oiie' profession he had' tried his.hand, anid wearied of the:first steps -bof?any,:?until: some two years before the opening:of. this narrative, he swas glad for a time too accept the post of secretary and librarian, t6o Sir' John Carew, of Clovelly Court.. .r For eighteen months he occupied 'this pot- with satisfaction to~jis employer and ;apparently9to0 himself '(sorgreat' an "cudi sition indeed was he. to the neighbour. hood, that he wass invited out tdormost ofl the county houses as an equal--'hna "often s ani honoured guest, for he never made, himself cheap to anyone, and it wias a favour to get him .to look over the con tents .of library :or give his opinion on the value of 0bmie 'half 'obliterated.manu script or rare old book. One morning, however, to the surprise of everyone except Sir John Carew, he disippeared'"without saying good:bye to a'single friend or acquaintance, and to all the questions on the subject which were addressed to the baronet, he o'nly" replied that Mr. Sloecombe had' been called away on some business of his oivn,' and the probability of his return for. any. definite time was doubtful. Many were the surmises as to the cause of this sudden break up in the relations between Sir John Carew and his secretary. The proud old man had been observed to treat the younger one with unusual consideration and affection, and therefore, those who wondered were assured that some base act of treachery and ingratitude on the part of the poorer man was the cause of the separation. Thus it is, that in public opinion, the weakest usually g)es to the wall. When such a suspicion was hinted to Sir John, he repudiated it indignantly, saying there was no man living for whom he had a greater regard and respect, but for all'he could say nobody believed him; if nothing disgraceful were attached to Godfrey'ssudden departure, why had he not, at least, bidden adieu to some of his friends? So they reasoned and resented his conduct accordingly. There was one inmate of Clovelly Court who thought more of'the good looking secretary than was good either for her comfort or peace of mind,. and,this was -M'illy Bi-y,. at one time maid 'to Carrie Carew, but, since, Mrs. Kempson's arriival: at 'th'e CouEt,' transferred to wait upon her. .Not that Mr. Sloecombe had ever been more that oidinarily civil an'd 'ol$jioe to Milly, indeed so little impresibii' fiad'?the girl's., pretty face and -trim. figure made upon him, th'atif asked 'th'e qiestion, he could scarcely have siidviwhethler she was dark oi fair, g'od l0?kii?ngo'r plain. ,:He. had noticed her, as one of the servarits at the Cnutt, no miore thian thiat, rand'hei'ccjuettish glaiicesdl'ocv'sii yes and vivid'bl;shes;'wheri' a suddenrcollapse came to all her dreams, for the object of them, wiihobtia word or. glince of adieu; departed.' I •At A:fi'rstisbe consoled herself with the assurance that he would soon return; then as time wore on and all'hope of this died out, she tried, to dissipate ,her..love for'one marinby flirting witli-halftnb!doien others?: '. i :r ji [l; . :i This was very unsatisfactory, however, especially'as the half dozenswere some of very iindifferei~., quality, and bored her considerably, by taking.as earnest what she simply meant as. adistractiond fr?ti all absorbing thought. ' ' . .;: For Milly had made up her' mitid: long ago to marry a gentleman or. never-to marry at all, An unwise decision-to arrive at, Milly, as you. will yet find ott to. your cost.. Her love affairs having become rather 'complicated of late, ?Milly iddteriiiinted ito be, a little more:prudent;, and-,conviiice' her numerous admirers that she did not. -care a straw about any of them; but the 'differenice between kindling a fire and stamping'it out is very great, and the little woman .found she had set herself a task 'which it was beyond her pawer toiacconi plish. ;. . Some of the ,men were not unreason 'able and readily enough 'took te'e 'cold shoulder offered them, for there were girls enough and to spare, and they preferred being smiled upon rather than receiving nothing but indifference and disd'ii.' All wePe .iot so complaisanit,' lidweier. Garston, the butler at the :Court,a' child less widower some two and'forty:yearsiof age, had begun to entertain serious .inten tions.and ekpected them to be listened to. Bill Stacey, the stable helper whbli'had been so frightened by the. black ghost; had some wild and'desperate'.though not,veryj lucid ideas about doing something; i..she were not' kinder' and didn't listen ti 'himn when he tried- beipg somewhat short of words-to pour out his tale of love; but. all this was mild and gentle, soft as suni mer breezes, compared with the tornado of passi'on' . which, . like' some;, inferial' demon, had taken possession of one nian's heart and brain. Jacob Searle 'w'as a'small farmer on thie Clovelly estate, farming under a leasel some 'two'" hundred' acres) Ihardwobrking, 'respected, wIell;to-do, andj livirg, ith thisn mother, who looked upon' herself as having been the very model of a farmer's wife:.' She was getting old anid a trifle infirm now, and she` said. often) enough,` though she was scarcely;sincere AitiAt,Mthat-jspie wished Jacob could bring home a wife who. could take- all ,the responsibility of the :dairy .an'd pouiltry'. and housekeeping off het hands.' ?i But.though Mrs. Searle ixpressed a de sire that.Jacob should mairy,,she:though't she ought to haven very decidedif o icein the selection oft his wife, and 'Milly Bray wia~s iabditt'th'iela`t' ydnrig tiinab "f flier acquaintance to whom shiewouldiwillingly resign her power. In all confidence, without even a sus picion of danger, Mrs. Searle had confided her hopes to Milly, that Jacob would. marry Miss Susan Green, who was known to have five thousand. pounds of, her owi,. ands whose father would no doubt also dower her, she being his only daughter. I Ahd Milly, looking as demure as any kitten, assented that it would be very nice, and on her way home to the' Court thit eve ingrecommended Jacob to carry odt' his m'other's wishes. For Milly:,had been down to Nether cliff, the Searles farm, a good many timds during'the last two or three months.. She" was',. a bright, . agreeable, , clever little.body, very learned on, the subject df fashion and taste, and could make dainty caps for Mrs. ;Searle,, such as she could not have bought at Witherbridgb-tlhe nearest market-town-for four times th'e money they cost; and then Milly could tell her all the news about the people at the.Court, Sir John 'and the two.yourig ladies, also of the graind people who canm'e to visit them, all of which Mrs. Searle could retail to her gossips with an' air of authority, as though she were on. vsitin'g terms with the people whose names she mentioned so freely.:' i' :First there.was tiie hay harvest, then. the'wheat'and corrif?were cut, and Milly must be at the harviest supper; also'the orchards were laideh with applesi.some- tf them rosy 'as ier 'bwn cheeks, others look' irig !ike balls of gold, and Milly: :was veiry fond of apples, and Jacob hlked:to .take her to the.orchards and and'point out the best to her, filling her pockets until they would hold-no more. . All of which was very dangerbus work for poor Jacob, and by no: means.condt-, cive to liss blGiren' 'udbdice ' df-'i.cbi'ing Mrs. Searle, junior. ' ':After' her mistress was .dressed 'for, dinner, Milly could usually consider her-. self free for an hour or'two, since it rarely: happened that. she was wanted again by her somewhat exacting mistress:untilbed time, and ;iti wa`s.' a?i fter sevij[ih.ilie evening that the Searles had got into the; habit of expectingher. A week before the night of 'Sir John's death, Milly;l7aving dressed herspl(with becomiingcare,L'"went: overo tflNetliercliff to see Mrs. Searle . She had not been to the Court. for ten days or more, and Jacob had come to the Court' with a message from his mother, asking Miss Bray to come down and see her. If Milly had possessed a conscience,' it would have pricked her when she looked at Jacob's love-stricken face; but on such a subject she had no compassion to spare for anyone but herself ; was not the suffer log from unrequited love, and why should not others bear the same burden and endure the same smart ? So she thought as she tripped along, somewhat defiantly, on her way to the farm this evening. The days were getting short, the mists were rising from the valleys, the leaves were falling from the trees, the wealth and warmth and brilliancy of summer had de patted, and a chill came over the girl as she went on her way. 'I'm almost minded to go back,' she maused, with a shiver. 'Jacob tried to kiss ;me last.time I-was there, and I don't allow such 'a liberty. Talking I don't mind, or squeezing my.hand, or perhaps even stealing an arm round my waist, but kissing is what I don't stand from no man, :add what.i, won't from him, so, I'll let him know.'.. 'And havinig thus defined the limits 'ofl her favours ;Milly "walked on, tlisnkinig she' might b.?a:well'getsa disagree able visit over : -: . : :. ..On- the,side of. a deep, valley, Nether cliff Fairmhiuse could only be reached by de'scendirig' hill, and in the'summer was <one of th'e most: lovely spots in Devon shire, with orchards running ;down to thie meadows, through. which wanrdered a branch df .the- river. To-night,. however, the beauty was clouded over by lthe approaching darlkness, and the tall poplars, .that like so many sentinels stood facing the house, swayed and moaned in the wind as 'th'iu~i ' they, too, dreaded the approach ing winter. The barking of dogs heralded Milly's approach, and the door was opened before she could knock at it by the young far mer himself. 1!,}VWe dwere fdared .yOu weren't, coming,;! e said, wit a teniderness in his voice that made her shrink, and holding her hand in his own.he led her into the presence of his m?ihier, who, in something like. grim dignity- and silence, was sitting waiting to. receive her. . . ......... ' How be ?'. she asked; without rising, andi extending, her hanid. ithi but .little cordiality in'her toiies and:manner. 'Pretty well; thank you,' replied Milly, .ivith a pretty shrewd guess as to the-phase ihsatters. lad: taken, and determined, if possible, to avoid a crisis and not put.her self inthe way of such a scene again. '''ve been coming. to see you the whole week, but my lady's been that troublesome you'd thinkl she'd got. something on -her minhdi orbher cushions was stuffed, with pinnsand needles. And then.Miss Carrie 'id's set away' Lissett, her French' maid, and I've had to do little` things for. her too, and.Mrs. Winstay began to grumble. at ity going out so- often,. and vwe're'gding to have-a dinner party to-morrow, and I've' ieenn doing up a dress for my lady. . La ! how beautifully you're making them pillow. cases; -they're for Susan Green,'- Mrs: Jacob Searle that is to be, I suppose ?' and she looked meaningly.from Jacob to his mother as though she were the 'last person in, the world to be personally interested in the youngmnan's matrimonial intentions. ' Tain't for nobody 'in special, but for the spare bedroom.' said Mrs. Searle, crossly-; my wyork's never done, :and them wenches think only of looking after th' men folks; it wisn't like it in ,my day.' ,'::;'No; things used 'to. be very different from what they are now,- I've heard. I wonderif. the days. were as short in Oc tiberi as they are now, it 'makes one 'most fateaed to b'e:out late ;: I- sliotild't" have -come- to.night- but Mr. Searle .said you wanted me.' For. Milly. was getting, irritated 'at' her receptiori, ,'and with very little firther pro vocation was prepared to take offence. Me, I' didn't, send for you--l' , But Jacob's voice in-a' tone half appetil half command,, said, Mother' . 'Well'?' iurnig sharply to him thei with a milder inanner and with a faint attempt to-' be- more cordial she added, 'but we're always glid to :se you. ;There's some cake-I made to day, you must 'taste 'it,' andhave some cider or cowslip wtine; I've been'put out to-day; :you mnustn't minditme, Im' getting old and cross, I sup -pose,' this last with something like a sob in' hier', voice: as she rose to go to the -antry,; - Nonsense about old and cross, I ' 1hall expect to be quite a young woman when I'm your age,! laiughed the ,girl. . ' I'm coming with-yoti to the pa'ntry,. I always like t.o see what" is 'dio the shelves ?you know.'- . ' Better bide here, Jacob.wants you. - - ' Then Jacob mitywnarit,'~was the saucy. retort as witli'.a nod of defiance she fol Id6'ed'his'mother fromi the iroom;-? }!' It'woiudn't.-e suchi a bad.ithing' for. mne,' she mused as she went with the elder woman' to the pantry, -' he'd think, there. wasn't another woman like me' undeir heaven, and she'd soon get, to believe : me the' best of datighters-in-law, though I haven't got five thousand:pounds of"my. own like 'Susan" Green. But marry Jacob, go to"church with him, live with: him all the days of my .life, and',iake'inh the long nights to, think tor Godfrey, to wontder where he is;wihat he thiniks of me, whether he would ever have loved me no, I'11 lie'in my-grave in. the chuirchyard' first. I shouldn't. be true'- to.Jacob in thought if I tas 'in 'deed:-: Flirting aed marrying:are very different. No, Mrs. 'Searle heedn't thiok I'm going to rbb her of her son.' o :b. h ,So thougl t. Millsj. while: her hostesi litle:.:dreaming it, possible for any sane wnimanto' refuse'!her?son,: was woohdering if she daredlineint anything to rouse 'the girl's pride and make hlier say'no,". when: otherwise it woulfd le: j;ys,' ir a`niswer sto q.I-Iappily for.her own peace of mind in theI lbon r-\ieiay years to come she bad nbt' that thrust at her boy!s haippiness tb:io re proach herself witl;, and, ivhen worse than childless, she liad the miserable. satisfac-. tion of feeling that.at this critical period of her eon's life she put her own 'wishes aside in. deerence to hisn-and .did hot thwart him. ': ' .:.. . - ' 5ut.I am anticipihting. Theic ake, and wine, were soon disposed of,: -arid 'then Milly said s.f'e. mus't'hasteri bome. . ''ll go as far as the gates' with'ee,' said' Jacob akwardly,:' ihie. park bd lonely.. . There's no need, .I've- been through it scores of times alne,! replied 'the girl. SI'ns blunid to go' w;ith you,' was the sturdy retort, after which there was no further piotest, trin'd the two weint out into the dark night: Weits forth 'as they should rinever i'retuin. CHAPTER IX. IT was a full hour later; Mrs; 1 Kempson's bellh ?ad rung oit:titice for her maid, and the summons liad been ansiered acli. time by another servant, who volunteered the information that Milly was out, when the girl ran into the kitchen, breathless, pantie'g, her eyes distended with terror, her 'face, usually so rosy, white to the very lips, and every limb of her body trembling as though she were about to fall into con. vulsions. The astonished servants gathered round her, one therov water.on her face, another tried to remove her hat and jacket, and then it was noticed that both of these articles of clothing were torn as though in a struggle, that he- gloves were covered with mud, and one of her hands was bleeding. Numerous were the questions asked, and great the wonderment expressed; but before Milly was sufficiently recovered to answer any of them. Mrs. Winstay bad been summoned to the scetie, and carried the girl off as soon as she 'could walkrtp her.sitting room,' where she.,made; iher sit down by the fire and thoroughly recover herself before she uttered 'a ~ord.'" For the housekeeper at the Court knew the value of, prudence and silence.: A thoughtless word might be magnified into a story never, to be forgotten or `mothered. She ruled the' little world with firminess and kind ness;'norie' ofthe women' under her. control::carnme to her ,for advice ::or sympathy but they..had the best she could give them, anditheir confidence was never. betrayed 'or. abused. '"What Millf tbld the"housekeepeir it' is not for :me :to divulge, at. any! rate, ::at present, The story given-to the othdr servants was, that in coming -through the' park she had been frightened by-a tramp who was bdgging; tha'tin 'running :away, from him she fell, down, ;got her..hands covered with mud, and her. dress ;torn'ith thorns, and h.ad'in' her fright became: s frantic, 'thinkieg: shle he-rd ?ifoosteps; be hind her, that sh'e ,did not know how she` ran, or'whtire sheh veit, until ,she fotund herself at the Court.' A plausible story enough, but not one. f6ond :to :b'e quite: satisfactory to :.thlthse who heard it. :, t was;,us.less caviling at it, however; this was all Milly" volunteered, and Mrs. 'Winsta'' suggested ihat'"s th:e irl's nerves were'shaken,'she had better-be allowed.thb forget it, and niot questioned upon' the subject. . .. 'The next day Milly remained in bed by the housekeeper's. advic'e a 'substitute' for the day being.found for. her. in a- dainty, young housemaid, much to Mrs. Kemp son's disgust, since she could not under stand - why servants :` and ."'.common people"%should ever thinkbfbeiring:ill,. But the second day. the girl went abo'ut her work as usual, a trifle pale and' 'nervoiuis, pierhaps, and less inclinied for light flirtation, but otherwise her old pert," clever and natty self. Anyone noticing her closely would have been struck with the fact 'that not dnly did she refrain from .going. to Nethercliff again, but she ai'oided going outside the' doors of the Court at sunset, and was so nervous About going down to gthe"village in broad daylight that` she beged: to be allowved to take Baltic; a huge Newfound land dog, the special property of Miss' Carew,'but yhich lad b~eenrireii'red' from puppyhood by Milly, and the you'ng lady with her.;.... Baltic was delighted at the preference; given' to himself. ". It. was not every day that he :igot 'iut'? ivth neither collar or chain to restrain his 'liberty, and as he was reputed to be somewhat of! a' savage, he.. sould have been a bold tramp, who would venture to attack anyone thus guarded. ' - So Baltic began to look for his walks, or runs rather, and to become also: a 'trifle more civilised, sufficiently so at any rate as,to cease to be a terror .to, anyone who met him, and Carrie. Carew, who could bestow but-little care on. the .animal..her self, said she considered it .rather Milly's' dog than.her own, and ,tht atatany rate they'were partners inhis affections. Thus the days passsed on;, uitilthat one arrived . which ended so fatally for Sir Johnri Carew. " " On this morning,.just before Sir Philipi Walsinghati ncalled to ask Carrie to go, flr a' ide, and w;hen hler sick headache was at its worst, she.had ordered..Milly to?go to Coombe Ham,.a small village or~ham let some three miles from the Coiirt, and there inqiiuire of Betsy Sprig"whether'the pillow lace ;she' was .making for'. the young widow was finished ? - The order was received by the girl-?-'Iitb anything but pleasure.- To get-to Coointie Ham she would:have to pass Neth'rcliff or ve'ry close to it, unless indeed shealwent four or five miles'out of her way. But.there was no disputing the order, she was to pay for the lace, and bring it baick " with .her., if it, was finished, and having received her instructions, she arranged the blinds, and the cushions of; the couch,'made the fire, patted Fifiý the lap. dog; and.. was. leaving": the room ',to' start on 'her eiraud; Ihen. Mrs??. Kempson observed :- ; . '., " S"You`"'might take Fifi withi you,! the walk would do her good.' . ,:;.,Won't it be a. long :way for her, ma'am ?'. objected the girl. -' You can carry, her, can't you ?' .Yes,. ma'ain,' was, the reluctant reply,' for if" Fifl .wtent, Baltic must remain at home, the 'two together were far more: than anyigirl could manage. .Fifi' however, -like her mistress, was idle,"; and she ';learned M.illy's 'lasting gratilude by positively ahd' snaipishly declining to accompany her; ' Let her alone, the noisy little brute,' said Hilda Kempson, snappishly, with which Milly :hurried'off, fearing lest the spoilt pet should relent. ' .As I have said, it was a lovely.morning,' the stln slihone 'brightly, though the 'ind was fresh, almost keen? :and: the iridh tints of lite' utlm'intiln 'c'cvered) the ?feilfe hills a?id dales. " '' 'i", ' I Baltic.too was in tlhe maddest of spir'is' it'th d, idea:of i a riii; he gamboled and' leaped arid.: bIarked?.with.,his ..deep ,toned, fa'r "so'undig voice in' a manner iiand' e'iough ito :givet6 i'e iost' timid courage, and as they w'all~edaloi'g;,th~ "dog often far'?atihad fihe'r,' Milly for. the time for got her nervous fears, forgot for a little while the very existence of Jacob Searle, and began to puzzle her head as to what' she would do about Garston, thie butler. He'had not asked her'to be his wife in so many words, but he lad taken:hei· bri aeht. for.gtanted, and had told :her,ias though; it awere a matter which ::concerne'd her'as well as himself,. what money.ihe hiad in ? tge bank, what his prospects,, independent of his situation,' were,:iall' of which she had listened- to, .feeling- she hiad given him every right to suppose it interested her. . . ...., ..; a i-: . She had no fear of the butler becoming violent like' the farmer, but it:was sl'vi?ery: uncomfortable, and she sawnnoway out of the difficulties she had made for herself except going away for a time.. 'If I could go 'to Austiralia. or New Zealand, or some "of' thbose otitlaindish places now, and leave it ..all behind me, what a comfort it would be,' tnd she' sighed a sigh of regret that her' fanciful flight could not be made a reality She had passed Nethercliff, and reached tihe river side, some half a mile higher up where a rickety-looking foot-bridge crossed the swiftly rushing stream. Accustomed asshe was to the scenery. around, Milly, this morning, could not help pausing to notice its wonderful beauty. Thie thickly-wooded banks of the river, and its swiftly-flowing current, 'ushing in such mad haste to the sea, from which it was not far distant, that the rocks and boulders which stood in the middle of its bed and rendered it unnavigable, were splashed over, surrounded with foam, and in some places formed an absolute dam, against which the impatient waters dashed and moaned in ungovernable, if impotent fury. Very lovely it all looked. The river appeared blue and brown and green in patches, while the white foam looked as Milly.prosaidally thought, like whipped cream-on a'pound cake., I.Haying crossed the foot-bridge, she looked round for Baltic. -e had jumped into the water, and was trying. to swim across,'but the currnnt was too: strong for him, and he .had uso far to yield as to struggle to make a landing some distance loaier dan. "Of course Milly :could not help"hii.' She.had no anxietyas to the dog's -safety, but she' was: vexed at the delay " but, knowing ale iwold come to :her side as soon as he could,`she sat down on a stone near the foot- of.the bridge, watching' the efforts of. her; canine. friend.:;... ,,,; ; So absorbed- was she in this':"occupation that she:did :not hear a :fooitstep, 'ard it was onrily lieni a voice close. to ih'? .ide said, ! Milly will 'you forgive, me ?'. ithat she turned with affright to see the fice of Jacob Searle within a few inches of .her..: 'Of; why did Baltic' take 'to: the' wate'r instead of;walking reasonably aicross the bridge? .Had lihe done so she would have had-no fear, now she was' terror-siricken., Still,' she ':wold 'not' show it. That would be th'e most fatial ?act of all. She musthbe'. brave 'and: firm,' if':not defiant, aidith'eri help miglit cbiome. Besides -the '?sih' vas shiiing, and, in. broad daylight, 'stie could,. not be frightened as when darkness 'overed the land. - Thius iinkihng; with ..an effort . she nerved herself, and replied: . I' I .forgive you, as I' forgive a man I never wish to see or hear: about again, Jacob Searle. It you think that's: for" giveness you're welcom'e to it.'' 1 1. . ' PI'i.gratefil for, thlt; Milly but can't you. say. nothing kinder ?' . , '-Kinder ?' repeated the, girl, forgetting 'prudence i, indignation. . Can the lamb be kind to the .wolf as tears and :murders it, do you think?:': Kind !.1 It's ni' thHnk's to- your kifidniss thiatI'm alive, and as I am now IL'" ::,You're wrong, Milly:, 'I was wild, I own,'and .i lost myself, but fI'd hiav.done honestly by you, and youslsent me mad when 'yqu talked about better .than me., 'Tivould have sent , yotmad, too, lass, if you'd heard such of a.itnan you'd meant to` marry' And~ouii know yois'diio niercy on 'me Milly. T:'wasn't:t till-" you said you'd oily been dmakinig game of me, as the devil tempted me and, laid a- hand on you: Say, you'll. ;forget it :all "and come and be missus of Nethercliff.Do'e'e now.' ',It's ,kind of youi Jacob, I know, -arid if ' was like, other, girls I'd say 'yes' like " shdt;: lut,I'm not. II couldn't minarry a man as I didn't love with all my heart and soul, as ;I. didn'tl feel'I couldri't lives wtti-t out. :You men don't understand a.woman,, but it's truth: If' I cant hmarry the matn I love, I'd ratler lie at the bottom of: thiat river than :marry a mani I don't love, and -and- Jaicob,. 1'i: 'feared I don't love you.' " . Then, lass, at. the bottom of that river thou shalt lie ior thou shalt be my wife; I Eor a second Milly looked at him 'witil' 'widely distended eyes of wonder aind .ia tonishment,&:notr'.qiite: unmingied .wiith: one ,of 'terror,; then shie 'lilted "a small, silvie 'rwhistles ii't`held 'in' her h'aid'to 6 ier !ips 'and blew a long shiill n'ote. . . Jacob.Searle sprang forward, snatched and ivrenched it from her, hut the sound had .gone forth, Baltic had:' but:ia'ife seconds before landed, and.beforej' Jiacob ,Searle could carry his. implied threat into execution the dog appeared to take :part in the 'scene. S''Touch mne, :?n you'llfind you re no more ai, at'ch for him than I" was for'you the other night,' said, Milly, ith defiance; and, scorn in her face. ',N6ow ?o,;' `she' added, as she:held'the dog by' his long iairi';' or `I'll set.himriin'you. ' I" 'carisettle hinmi",' ?ais the birtal':i re tort, ' and you too;. I'm not afraid,''and he produced a. revolver :from:. his :pocket, 'atid ?iimhed ita't Balicit '".Nowv,' heiwent on ;what'is'it :tobe l; be quick' and niak ?yoiurt"rind"uts,' it's' you :lsts chance my iwife' or'thesiverv'er . limi' to die,;dor to0 marry ?you'?' asked the girl," fixingiher! eyes upon *him, and compelling his gaze in return. : 'That's just it,' was the.dogged response. ':Then;'I'll die' she siid calmly, her eyes still holding. his,-in a fixed, unwaver [ing glance. SBui her hands relaxed- their hold :ioh Baltic.' .He"i had beeni making .efforts to sprin"g on the stranger, who,. by .instinct, he knew was threatening: them, and now with the implied perrritssion of his present mistress, with one bound sprang at'.Jacob Searle'sthridat and threw .him on :the grounid, standing. over and hiolding' hinit downr;, while` the report odffirearms was heard, 'rid the revolve'i; h "aving 'had. th trigger pulled, fell from'the farmer's hiinds, and for the miomenlt, beyond his reach; : ! Whif the limaitter ?svhbilt'is this?l asked a strange voice,, by their side ; stranige, and yet: familiar;to one, for: Milly looked up,. .?'vitli' "i st-'iit,'. to' s?esi' Godtrey S,.Oh, is it you? Then you have come at last?' 'And she '::flew towards him and: tirew her airs round his neck. Nay, she 'iwuild h',ekissed him but for the look of dismiiay, if not disgust, that came over his features .Then she remembered.herself, and withdrawing her aims,' with a blush, she s'aid': 'I beg your psardon, I have been so frighteied and I was so glad to see you. .,And the pretty eyelids drooped, and the '.flash :deiepened" on her. cheek; certainlya man mighf be kissed by a farless pretty girl tiaha Milly Bray any day in the week withbut wincing. "What is'the meaning of this ?' asked GidifreLy, looking at the prostrate farmer; .Tladn't you better call your dog away ?' :i'lYes, the man frightened me. Come here,.Ealtic; leave him alohe i Do you heai' me?' and the dog, very reluctantly, ';elaxed his hold upon Jacob, who slowly pulled himself together and stood upon his feet. 'So, that's the man I'm thrown over for, is it?' he asked, sternly. But Milly made no reply. Baltic had recognised an old fiend in the comer, and together the three walked on, the dis contented lover being left ignominiously behind. 'Dang me ii they shan't both lie in the same grave before he shall have her,' mur minured Jacob, with an oath, as he. picked up his revolver and made his way home to his perplexed and frightened mother. ,Meanwhile Millyand GodfreySloecombe were, for the first time in their lives, tak ing a walk together. CIIAPTER x. 'I leave England tomorrrow, 'perhaps for ever,' observed Godfrey Slocombe, as he walked along by Milly's side, 'and I thought I would run down and take a last look at the dear old place. I don't su. pose I shall ever see it again,' 'Going away?' gasped Nelly 'never coming back again 1' and the girl's face became white, she staggered, and if God frey had not caught her, would have fallen. k 'What is the matter?' he asked, with the bewildered anxiety a man usually feels when. a woman shows signs of fiinin, 'you are not well to-day, you have been frightened; rouse yourself, for heaven's sake,? 'No, yes, I shall be better in a minut;t. she gasped, and she bit her lip till thsi blood started from it, while he took off her.hat and fanned ler face as though the keen, autumnal breeze were not fresh enough to revive her. ;? 'Where re e you going ?' she asked at ' To. New Z?aland; but how?-Why?'. then he;paused and blushed. As much devoid of vanity as it was possible for any man to be,he cobuld not close his eyes to the fact thatit, was his intended journey ttathad so strangely agitated her, ansthe only natural inference to be taken from it was that she loved him. Some men would have felt flattered at the idea, some have felt a kind of pityin contempt for the girl who had thus given hei'love uniisought, but Godfrey Sloecombe was above such paltry meanness. aove had been too;rare an element in his dull, cold lif., to be lightly regarded or thrown aay'.' 'Nay, rather it was a divine mes. senger, to be entertained and treated with reverence, and awe, like some angelic visitant fnninrseg with airs from Heaven the earth-worn, weary soul. To, love, and to be loved, were two different. things to Godfrey Sloecombe, . 'The.first be had done so lavishly,, that his whole life seemed to have been shattered and blighted, and drained away by his all absorbing passion, while the idol, whom he mutely worshipped, was ignorant of his devoted love, as an unborn babe is of light or darkness. She hould never miss his love, because she did not know she possessed it, while Milly would treasure.but a tithe of it as the great. est blessing that Heaven or earth could bestow. :Some .such thoughts as these passed through his mind, and the world seemed kinder aiid brighter, more worth living in, than it had done for many a day. . He could not analyse his own seans. tions;. It: was not love that filled hit hearh ivith such a warm glow, or if it were, it.was-as unlike the mad feelings which had once moved him, as the mild sprino sunshine is to the blazing noontide heyi of the torrid zone. Nor was it pity. Pity sends no gloa of happiness through the heart of the most sympathetic. : No, with al his learning, the shnsation puzzled him. He looked at Milly, and noticed almost for the first time, that she was very pretty ; a pink and white, china blue eyes, and.brown hair, kind of pretti .ness 'perhaps., Nothing intellectual or testhetic about her; there was just some. thing, of. Cairrie in her mannerand speech, which 'as: a far away copy of those of Sir 'John Carew's daughter, and there was noihing rude or' carse about her; a lady's maid. i always more or less a grotesque copy. of her mistress, and Hilda Kempson, it will be remembed, had not been an in mate of the Court more than eight or ten fmontHs, w.hereas Milly had lived thate four. years. : Not 'knowing what to say after hit startling discovery, Godfrey walked on in silence; and it was the girl, who, with the ready tact of her sex, was the first to speak S'Baltic :seems to remember you,' she said.. Yes, he and I were old friends;you ,would scarcely need a protector aginst anyone with him at hand.' :'les, that's awhy I bring him, besides I'm fond of him. Miss Carrie and I brought him up from a pup;-his mother 'died when h:ie vas two days old, and we fed:himn with a bottle. Isn't he a fine fellow how?' 'Indeed he is; out you say you bring cim for p:rotection; .have you anyone to fear ?' ' No-one except that man,' with aback. ward glance and shiver. '.'That is what I" wanted to ask; why did you "set the dog on him just ilow?' "::.He threatened- to shoot me and the dog too, and I believe he meant to do it.' ,So 'it" seemed, but what was his motive.'': :II ',wouldn't be friends with him.' O? i O Is lie in the habit of shooting everybody who won't he friends with ! Ihope "not,' laughed the girl, 'he'd have to 'shoot a good many.' 'Then? why' should he show such a preference, for shooting you.' .Milly pouted her pretty mouth, then an .expression of. anger came over her face and she said: <'He's a cowardly brute! I once sa him lash a poor dog that had offendel him, though I begged and prayed him nt spare it; I thought then the womn might be pitied who should be his aif', and I told him the truth just now, whit I said I'd lie at the bottom of the rier rather than marry him,' and the giri's blue eycs flashed, and her whole face rer lighted up with indignation. 'Rather a rough way of wooing; mail me or, die I I don't think such a stylt would suit me, do you Milly?' The girl flashed one glance at him, then her eyes drooped, and the colour deepened on her cheeks. 'I don't know,' she replied. ' Don't know, indeed I Imagine my presenting a pistol to your head, and exclaiming: .' be my wife or perish, shouldn't you think I had gone mad?' 'I'm afraid I should,' was the reluctant sigh. ' Yes, pistols are rather out oa place - such an occasion; suppose I were to give him a hint or two on the subject? ' Oh, pray don't. I wouldn't mans him for the world. I hope I may nocil see him again. I--'then the tear came into her blue eyes; for what can he more provocative of weeping, than to be teased by the man you love, atoa another man whom you detest. ' Nowy, Milly, don't be foolish, bhids I must say good-bye, I suppose I stah see you again.' 'Shan't you?' with a little sob. 'I don't think it is probable. I.' away to-night, I shall be passing to Court about hIalf-past nine, but I do1 intend to call, and that will be too It for you to be out. 'I'll meet you, if you like,' with t effort of self-command at such boldnesi TO DE CONTINUED,. Printed and published by Thomas Danitl E'' psroprtotor,a tho usunitg resy nt h'atig Ofce, Ahuburn~atreot Qaous«° 