¶ A GHOST STORY. ¶ By Mary Kyle Dallas. ¶ One morning Arthur Heywood received a strange letter. It was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. ' Come nt onoe,' it ssld. 'I am going to die, and I .want to leliva yon my property. It icema right to see you first,' Arthur had never met hia Aunt Maud, who lived by heraelf in a handsome country residence, Sho bad inherited it from her mother, while the boja— her brothers— were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's fsther had been the eldest, and all he had ever aaid ot hla Bister Maud waa that Bome thlng ahe had done in early youth bad mado them all angry, and that thoy never bbw each othert and, for hia part, ho never desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Hey wood waa quite alone in the world, thiB aunt had written to him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed, Initead, when a strange, old, black aervant-woman had openod tho door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light ot the shaded latnpB, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a volvut chair, aud held out her hand to him. ' You are a Heywood,' she said. ' You resemble your father, but are not so etern. Selim was Bterntp cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of It, unless he was kinder to her than to his sister. ' There, don't epeak, I shall say nothing but what I feel. Thia estato ought to go to a Heywood, You sball have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart iB nlfected. I shall die very suddenly. At present 1 am not very ill, but it will be us I say. ' Don't express regr»'. You caro nothing for me, and the estate is valuablo, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy. I have mado my will iu your favo-.. Stay until the last.' With these words Bho closed Arthur's mouth. Then ahe rang the bell and ordered supper, am! afterwards dismissed her thirty year-old iiephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though ho had beon a aohool-boy. It was a largo room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy, Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bud at onco. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it btfore he retired. The cxcubo he made to himself waa that his aunt might be taken ill iu the night ; but he was consaious of a renewal of hia old obildish terror of tho supernatural. ' It is all this talk ot dying and ot will and logaoics,' he Baid. ' I shall Bleep it off.' And, in fact, ho fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the propor one, as we all know, for tho ghost seer, ho was awakened with a start, to seeat tho foot of his bed a little dark woman with flerco, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of somo groy stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a eer vant of aomo sort, and it was Arthur's im pression that his aunt was ill. ' Ilavo you come to call me -' he asked. Tho woman came a little nearer. ' Yes,' replied a voice, which made his blood run cold ; ' that woman is dying.' ' My aunt?' ejaculated Arthur. ?' Your aunt,' replied the figure. 'If some one doesn't 6ct to work at once Bhe'lldie without being hung. I want her hung. 11 This is a lunatic,' thought Arthur. Ho started to hia feet, draping himself In a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstancos, but tho woman waa gone. Ho went to the door. II was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows wero bolted down. There was no possibility of any ono entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, ho made euro that no one was hidden there, resolved that ho had had a bad dream, and composed himsolf to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. Howover, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Each timo the strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood liung, and declared that if it wero not dono it would soon be too lato. Ills aunt wus not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had ahe been in Btroug health. There was no one else to. apeak to. But tho thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a rccord of-lt in a sort of diary he was in the habit of keeping, following It by somt rcfleotlona upon dreams. At laat, however, he was awaksntd sot by n 'host, i'ut. l-y n -.t, '? * i.».,r. was dying — a servant hid come for iiiui. When he reached her room she wa9 in sensible. She never spoke to him Again. He could not mourn her loss, for she was almost n Btrnnger to him, but he showed e»ery mark of rcspect po«»iblc to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Mies Heywood had ontcrtainod no ono, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will was read. Il left everything to Arthur Heywood, only Bon of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood? and with but ono proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar — never to be opened on any pretext whatever. 'I do not choose to say why,' wrote the testator. 'Unless my nephew will agree to this, bo cannot Inherit. I ahall leave a codicil to be read, in esse that ho ref usca, directing the exposition to be made o! the house.' '? r But Arthur bad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his deadfuint, who, doubt less, had consigned to j the garret some treasures of her youth i|hicb Bhc did not wish to destroy. And ha took possession of the estate, and Boon married and brought home a wifo. ! Years brought them a| family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret ia a great lots to a housekeeper; but whenever Mrs. Heywood made this'remark, her hus band would reply that 'the estate would be a greater one.' j 'Who will ever knowJV Bbe would urge. ' Who cares ?' i 'A codicil which I ha^e never seen re mains,' Arthur wonld reply. ' Who knows what might happen?' i And bo his Fatima did nh more than peep through the keyhole of ,this Bluebeard's chamber. I The mystery was greater! however, to the children , and when the clilest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that no thing could be eo delightful as to peep into that garret, in which migit be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasuri 9. And so one day, by means of a ladders -me fruit-pickers had left near the house, be | uined the sloping roof, and reached the ( ormer window. Perched on the sill, he peep .din; but at the momrnt the ladder slippea.jHe remained on tho window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit- pickers, hearing Viim, ran to biB assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing pothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them b-.de the child re main where ho was until he came, and ruBhed up the Btalrcase, folowed by all the household. The door waaiioon broken in, the window - opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, nhiL until now had forgotten all but her bmi'a danger, took breath and looked about horY The garret was a bare piyse, hung with old garmonta and amcilling jtiideously. In ono dark corner lay what lotted like a' bed. Upon it. what f Toafft:, ife Wlli wildly from the the work of a moment. . It was a skeleton dressed ir a grey gown, and with a cap upon its heaii atill oovered with long black hair, that lajrthere. Arthur Heywood waa.abseml from home at the time. When he returnei.he found the 1 -ng-ieJed garret door opened, heard hia wlfe'a story amidst her lobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There . he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment, The skeleton upon the bed wore tho grey dress, tho white cap, and had the straight black hair of tho woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of hia aunt, MaudHevnood, Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and ao must 'the explana tion be. Arthur sent for I tho proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whoso possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur posscEsion of the eBtate. This codicil had beon enveloped knd sealed by Miss Maud; who alone knew thi contents. It contained these wordB : j 'ThiB paper will only be opened if the garrtt is opened _lso. In that -case my secret will bj known to those wbonreof my own ace, for there was much eicitemeut when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. (She wd? well- known in '.he neighborhood,' and tuc for letters which I wrote myself! ana ex hibited to ourious folk, the truth might have been suspected at the time. ? 'Jane came to live with mo as house keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years a)(0. I w'S betrothed to a man It adored. My brother Rupert listed him. He plueed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy'. Kh ; intercepted letters auu worked in lucIi away thut my enga em-_nt was broken off knd my Ufa embittered. My lover left mo with soorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I aisco.ered Jaiie Jar velle's treachery. I went in starch of her. I found her in the garret. There wo had a Boi-ne, and there I murdered her. I stabbed hor to tno heart. 8ha lived only long enough to shriek: ''I will haunt the house un- il you are hung for thiB I' 'She haa done it, I have seen her. But I ahall not be hung. Tho secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty, I did not lie, ' My brother, Rupert, cross-questioned me, and ma le great Beareh for Jane Jarvelle ; the others wero never good to me, Oara was an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, waa a just man. To hiB only son I have left all. Let him pity me. ' ' Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, nover at reat, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a borriblo death on the gallows, and assured of future punishment, what has my life been I Again I say— pity mo, and pray for mo.' 