Whose Was the Hand ? BY MI68 BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," «Sec. (BEOUH IK " TOWN AND COUNTRY JOÜRNAL" OF FEB. 1.) - CHAPTER XXIV.-A GLOOMY RETROSPECT. Pedro Perez and his beautiful wife started for Madrid upon the evening after their marriage. They travelled with all the comfort that wealth can give. Dolores had ber mother and her maid as duenna and attendant. They went to the best hotel in Madrid, where, at the instigation of his wife and mother-in-law, Perez engaged the hand somest suite of rooms upon the first floor. ' His dread of ridicule, his jealous doubts and suspicions, pi ompted him to "hide the treasure that he had won for himself ; r but some natural pride intervened, and he could not refrain from showing himself in the fashionable drives and promenades, with his lovely young wife by his side: Gradually it became known to all the financial world of Madrid that the beautiful girl who went about with Pedro Perez was actually his wife,and visits of ceremony and congratulation became frequent in the amber satin salon au premier. Madame Perez accepted the situation with perfect equanimity, and showed to better advan tage as a wife than as a beautiful bird in a gilded cage. If she was not happy she was at least ehe had been in the Eue Kt. Guillaume. So far from repenting his marriage Perez grew daily more devoted to his wife and more anxious to make her happy. He submitted to all Madame Qui j ada's exactions, and allowed himself to be led by the nose by his mother-in-law as well as by his wife; and in this happy disposition be re turned to Paris, where he at once occupied himself in the task of selecting a fitting home for the lovely young wife of a millionaire. Everybody whom he knew in Paris had heard of his marriage, and ho had to endure the con gratulations of his acquaintances, which, as he was particularly shy, were a<rony to him. He also had to endure a good many sly thrusts in the papers, and more than one caricature of La belle ct la bete ; but he boro it all, and after a week or two consented to mount an elegant Victoria with a pair of matchless blacks, and to show himself in tho Bois at the fashionable hour. A coupe was being built for Dolores, and a second pair of blacks was being looked for, Madame Quijada and her daughter being of opinion that a stable to be distingue must be all of ono color. After looking at a good many houses Perez finally decided upon one in the somewhat soli tary Avenue Jxeinschos i sen, which had been built fer a famous ac tresss during the palmy days of the Empire the avenue being then known as the Avenue Hortense - and which was at least a mile from the Arc du Triomph. The housó stood at some distance from the road, and was concealed by a thick screen of acacias and other ornamental trees and shrubs. The garden had been carefully laid out, and the stables had been the particular care of the first proprietor, who was a connoisseur in equine arrangements, This Italian villa, with its grounds and de pendencies, had cost a fortune, but it was offered ' to Pedro Perez for about a fourth part of the original cost. He liked the property, in the first place because it was a bargain, and in the second place because it3 solitary position gratified his idea of retirement with the wife of his choice. He did not want to live in the heart of Paris, where Dolores might be encouraged to set up a salon, and where the men he knew might find it too convenient to visit his handsome wife. That solitary Italian villa, with its screen of foliage, inconveniently remote from the busy haunts of men, was the very home he desired. Dolores and her mother both admired the house and both complained of its surroundings. The neighborhood was a desert. It was on the wrong side of the Bois for fashion and beauty. Like all bargains, the property was hardly worth having. For once in a way Perez was resolute with his charmer. He would buy that house and no other. " If you would rather go on living in the Rue St. Guillaume/' he said, "I won't interfère." "I detest the Eue St. Guillaume," replied Dolores petulantly, so the Italian villa in the Avenue de Eeiffschossen was bought, and Dolores was allowed to furnish the new house after her own fancy, and without any consideration of cost. Only in one matter did her husband exer cise his authority, and that was in the choice of the household. All the servants were engaged by him at an office in Paris ; but he allowed Louise Marcet to assist him, in his choice, and to be pre sent during the negotiations. She was to be housekeeper in the new villa, having shown a talent for management and economy in the Eue St. Guillaume. Madame Quijada waB allowed to choose her own suite of apart ments on the ground floor, in a wing beyond the principal rooms, which were vestibule, dining, and billiard room. Dolores had her boudoir, bedroom, dressing, and bath-room on the upper or noble floor, while her husband had a corresponding set of rooms on the same floor. There were two small rooms at the back of the house, divided only by a narrow passage from the suite occupied by Dolores, and these Were appro priated to Madlle. Marcet, as sitting room and bedroom. A servants' staircase at the end of the passage brought her in close rapport with the offices below, and enabled her to exercise a useful surveillance upon the household. The servants' bedrooms were on an upper storey, almost hidden by the classic ornamentation of the roof. An open loggia divided the apartments of the master and mistress of the house, and formed a means of communication' in summer time, and a neutral ground where husband and wife might meet in their idle hours. Dolores was full of plans for decorating this loggia in an Oriental style, so soon as spring and summer should revisit the land. A Parisian winter did not promise much enjoyment from an open loggia, however architectural and Italian. The installation in the villa took place very quietly, though both mother and daughter had suggested a ball, or at least an evening party, in honor of the pendaison de la crémaillère. Perez reminded them that they knew scarcely half a dozen people in Paris, and asked where their guests were to come from, if they were to give a party. " Madame Perez has only to hold up her finger in order to fill her salon,'' replied Madame Qui jada, with dignity, " or, in other words, you have but to say to one of the best known Parisians at your club, ' My wife is going to give a party, and I want . you to send out two : or three i hundred cards ; of invitation on her part,' and the thing is done.. We shall give music, supper, and wines that people will talk of for a week ; and after that everybody in Paris will want to come to the Villa Perez." " A very excellent way of squandering money, and courting discomfort,-" answered Perez, tartly. " I bought the villa for my wife and myself, not for all Paris.". " I foresee that we In the Bois. (See tale entitled "Whose Was the Hand ?" on this page.) shall be as dismal here as we. were In the Rue St. Guillaume/' sighed Madame Quijada, who did not forego a mother-in-law's, privileges .of say ing disagreeable things. Finding that society was still forbidden fruit, Madame Quijada sank into a slough of sen suous pleasures, and rejoiced in the luxurious surroundings, her daugter's cordon bleu, and ber son-in-law's wine cellar. She began to regard the midday dejeuner and the 7 o'clock dinner as the two chief events of the day. She did ample justice to the produce of Burgundy and Bordeaux, nor did she ever forego the dainty goblet of Chartreuse or Curacoa, which marked the close of the meal-a miniature goblet from which Titania herself might have drunk, only Titania would hardly have refilled the glass so often. In the afternoon Madame Quijada en joyed her siesta in true Spanish fashion. In the evening she was more alert, and played écarté with her daughter for small stakes, which she generally won. If Dolores would not play there was always the souffre douleur Louise, who had the whole charge of the household on her shoulders, and who had to please the three people who constituted the family. Madame Quijada had given over the entire duty of housekeeping to ber niece, and rarely rose from h6r easy chair except to drive out in her daughter's Victoria, or go to a theatre in the luxurious coupe, when Perez was disinclined to escort his wife. Nothing had been heard of Leon since his dis appearance, ' and his aunt's most earnest hope was that she would never see his face or hear his name again. There were episodes in her life which she wanted to forget, now that she had attained to that respectability which wealth can give in a moment to the most doubtful antece dents. It was in search of oblivion that she filled and refilled the little Venetian goblet after de jeuner or dinner; and there were times when she felt that all the Chartreuse the good monks ever distilled would hardly be strong enough to drown certain haunting memories. Perez Peru noted his worthy mother-in-law's indulgence in the pleasures of the table, and re marked upon it to his wife. " If you don't look after her bettor, she'll take to drinking/' he said one evening, as they drove to a boulevard theatre, leaving Madame Quijada sitting opposite Louise at the little card table, with flushed cheek and glittering eye. " Bah, if she has just une pointe now and then it can't matter," replied Delores, carelessly. " Her dinner is the only thing that amuses her. You won't let us give parties, or know any amusing people. Ton have banished even the poor old Duturques. They were dull, but they were alive, and were better company than chairs and tables. " You are very ungrateful, Dolores," Perez answered, with a piteous look. "I have refused you nothing, except to change my manner of life. I have always loved solitude, and hated strange faces. I should not be a millionaire if I had not possessed the power of self-concentration, of living on my own thoughts." "But now you are a millionaire-and three times a millionaire-you ought to enjoy life." " To enjoy life is to live quietly with you-to have you all to myself, not to see you surrounded with young people, who would despise your old husband, " and teach you to despise him. You talk about giving balls, Dolores. Can you not conceive what torture it would be to me to see you dancing with young men handsome, fascinating, unprincipled, relentless in their pursuit of the women they admire ? Men who would talk of you at their clubs, compare you with the vilest of your Bex, discuss your every charm-lay wagers about you-as to who should be your favored lover, and how soon you could be persuaded to dishonor your husband. I could not endure to see you admired, knowing what admiration means among the young libertines I meet at my club. You cannot understand wfyat an old man's love is, Dolores-how jealous, how exacting. You forgot how poor a recompense age I ever gets for its devotion to youth." ¡"I ; don t mean . to bö ungrateful, Dolores answered, with a deep sigh, and then she turned her head away from her husband, and studied the passing carriages, the flâneurs upon the broad asphalt pavement, the glitter and splendor of the shop windows-shops that seemed designed only for the accommodation of millionaires. She was going to the theatre in all her glory of jewels, diamond stars in her hair, a necklace of single stones, each gem worth a rosière's dower, diamond serpents in single, double, and treble coils winding up her slim, round arm. She wore a simple, evening toilette of some black gauzy material, but the Chantilly lace upon her gown was only second in value to the gems on her neck. When a beautiful young woman marries age and ugliness the least she can do to assertthe claims of beauty is to spend her husband's money royally. The theatre was the Ambigu, where a new comedy of Sardou's had just made a hit, and where all Paris was crowding nightly. Dolores was amazed when she found that the box her husband had secured for her was only a small one on the pit tier, where neither her beauty nor her diamonds could be adequately seen. Me had his old fancy for these shadowy little boxes, where it pleased him to hide his enchantress from the vulgar eye, but in spite of these jealous precau tions Madame Perez was already known and talked about as la belle aux diamants. . Her hueband's reputation as a triple million-, aire gave a special interest to her jewels. People gloated upon gems which might have cost half a million if Perez pleased. He could have spent half a million, reduced his fortune by a sixth, without feeling any poorer. " He could make as much in a week if he chose to start a new mine/' said the flaneurs of the Bourse. " He has but to write a prospectus, and the money pours in like water. He has a Golconda in his inkpot." While Perez and his wife were laughing at Sardou's biting wit, Madame Quijada was win ning Louise Marcet's half-francs by her astute and studied play. Louise took no interest in the game-indeed, hated all games of cards-and only played as a part of her - duty in that house where she was the shadow of everybody elst/s sunshine. They had played nearly an hour and a half when the elder woman threw down the cards with an impatient sigh, instead of dealing them. " We have played long enough for to-night, Louise ; I am tired of winning such miserable stakes. How ghastly the Bilence of this house is ? Nothing but the tick, tick, tick of that clock on the .mantelpiece, and the crackling of the logs now and then. You may get me a finger of fine champagne. I feel very low to-night. This house is killing me." " You pught to be much easier in your mind now that , your daughter has been placed in an .honorable position-now that your conscience is at peace upon her account/' said Louise, gravely. "My conscience! Don't preach to be about conscience. I Bave done with all superstitious bugbears.' I finished with them before I left Marseillos. I have never entered a ohurch since my marriage. I was overdosed with religion in my girlhood. I married a clever man, who soon taught me to laugh at the old fables." . " Á.nd were you happier, do you think, for abandoning the old pathways?" asked Louise, gravely, arranging the cards, with her eyelids cast down, as if she hardly liked to meet her aunt's eyes while she spoke of sacred things. " Happier ! Happy-happier-happiest ! Those.., are idle words, child. I don't believe anybody is . happy, I don't believe in the existence of happi-, ness." '. . ... "Oh, you are wrong, aunt! There are mo- , ments, hours, days in this life perfectly ¡and beautifully happy-days to which one looks back. , afterwards as to a dream of Heaven-days to. which one looks forward after death, hoping that God will give UR back that happiness in Heaven. ., Those brief days are balanced by long years of misery ; but they have been-they have been. There Jis nobody on this earth who has not once been happy. The word is not an idle invention." ? " Well, I suppose I was happy in my time happy that Ea3ter night when Quijada followed. me home from the church door, and talked to me, whilè my mother walked on ahead with my elder sister, your mother, little suspecting that I had an admirer making love to me under cover of the darkness. He was only clerk to an avoué, but those who knew anything about him said that he ' was one of the cleverest young men in Mar seille's, and as my parents were only small shopkeepers they did not make many objections to my marrying him. We had only a couple of rooms to live in, and 30f a week to live upon, but it was all bright enough for the first year; and then, and then, I found out things about my clever young husband. There was more money, but it wasn't come by very honestly, and we had to leave Marseilles one night in secret, never to go back there. We came to Paris, of course-everybody comes to Paris-and Dolores was born in a little street near St. Germain 1'Auxerois, where we struggled on somehow-till the end came for my husband, the bitter, cruel end. Are you ever going to get me that mouthful of cognac ?" "Yes, yes, aunt, but indeed you would be better without it ?" " How dare you dictate to me ? I am sick and faint with thinking of my wretched past. Get me some cognac this instant !" Louise left the room and returned with a tiny carafe, and Titania's Venetian goblet. She did ail she could to discourage her aunt's growing propensity for alcohol, but she was only.a depen dent. She might remonstrate, but she was com pelled to obey. "He was arrested at a low dancing place, among men and women of the vilest character, men who were like bad women, women who were like vicious men," pursued Madame Quijada, eagerly helping herself to the cognac with a tremulous hand. . " Why dwell upon these bygone troubles ? I know all the sad story." "It does me good to talk-anything is better til an the silence of this ghastly room-white and '. gold-so white, so cold and cheerless, like, a room meant for ghosts. It is a relief :, to talk of what I suffeied in those days. He was arrested for îobbery, swindling, a , long séries of frauds, and he was taken to prison. . I never saw him alive again. He hanged himself at . daybreak, within two hours of his , arrest, i banged himself with a silk handkerchief upon the iron bar of the prison-grating before he had been ; even examined by the juge d'instruction, and before .: his gaolers thought it necessary to take any special precautions against suicide." " You were much to be pitied, aunt," said Louise, quietly, putting away the neat little boxes of cards. She had heard the story of her aunt's marriage - very often of late, for Madame Quijada had grown more loquacious in proportion as she < indulged in alcohol. She did not talk of these things to Dolore3, who had been brought .up in ignorance of her father's character, had indeed been brought up to believe that the defunct Quijada was the scion of a noble Andalusian family, whereas the lawyer's clerk of MarseiUes . was the son of a pettifogging lawyer, and the . name Quijada had been only adopted by Dolores's mother. when she went to Madrid. She found, .the hame in a volume of Cervantes which sho opened at random. " Oh, I have had a dreadful life, Louise. I have been surrounded by criminals," cried Madame Quijada, after two or three little glasses. - ? ? " Don't talk of it, aunt," repeated her niece, with a'sudden vehemence. " You ought to be wiser, than to talk tome of the past, knowing how much I have suffered-knowing that I shall never cease to suffer from that bitter memory, that the very1 presence of that man in the room stifles me. I cannot breathe when he is near me. I feel as if I must fall upon him and kill him, as he killed--" "Hush, hush !" cried her aunt, looking appre hensively towards the door. " You are right. We ought never to talk of the past. It is danger ous, dangerous in every way. Heaven be praised, we have not heard of your brother for six months. ' We may never hear of him again." " Ah, T always dread him most af ter an interval of absence. He will reappear as he has reap peared before-or, if not, we shall read of some crime that has been committed in somo foreign city, and we shall know that it is his work. Ho has neither heart nor conscience. Can I ever forget, do you think, how he killed the man I idolised-the best and most generous of men? \- ? . V ? \ Can I ever forget how he used my name-name ( for evermore hateful to me-as a lure to draw that good, brave man to his death ? And yet i e dares to come into a room where I am--he dares' to offer me his hand, red with the stain, of murder !" " You have no right to fix that crime upon your brother," Madame Quijada exclaimed angrily "There is nothing to identify him with the murder, absolutely nothing. Your name might be used by anyone. The unfortunate man may have talked about you, boasted of his conquest in the presence of his servants-of some French or Italian butler perhaps, who, being in the house, would know all his master's intended movements, and all about the money which was to change hands that day. Servants are often agents conscious or unconscious-in the crimes that mystify everybody. You have no right to asso ciate Leon with that crime." . V " I have the right of my own conviction. I know as well that it was hiB hand that struck the blow as if I had been standing by when the mul der was done. I have no doubt about the mur derer. What I want to find- out is the identity of the murderer's accomplice-before God and man as guilty as the murderer himself. Who was the middle-aged woman who met Eobert Hatrell ,in the street, and asked him to go to Antoinette Morel's deathbed? Who was the woman who used that hue? Who was the elderly French women who changed the English bank-notes on the Riviera? Can you answer me those questions, aunt, you whose bread I have eaten-the bitter bread, of dependence-and w. ose slave 1 have been since my illness left me unable to grapple with the outside world ? I* have been afraid to live anywhere else-afraid to be among other people, lest in some moment- of dark thought T should betray my brother. He is of my own bl'wd, and I have sworn to myself never to give him np to justice." " Give him up !" cried her aunt, contemptu ously. "Why, you have not one shred of proof against him. There is nothing but your own brain-sick fancies to connect your brother with that Englishman's death. You are toqu. e, child, about Bobert Hatrell. Your poor brain has never got over the fever that your sick fancies brought upon you ; and one ought, to be patient with you, and let you talk any silly nonsense you like. Luckily for your brother, the police are not influenced by hysterical women. They want facts, hard facts; and there is not one fact to' connect your brother, Claude Leon Morel, with' the crime in Denmark-street." " Or you with the mysterious accomplice," said Louise. "PerhapB not. Yet if that is BO, why did you both change your names within a month' of the murder ? Why was I made to change my name from Morel to Marcet, and to assume my second baptismal name in place of my first?"< "Your brother had made himself notorious during the Commune. He was not included in the amnesty, and he could not return to France in his own name.1 He was supposed to have been shot with the others at Satory. HÍB resurrection would bave been dangerous." .' ¡ " Say that the false name meant nothing ; but how do you account for the sudden change .from poverty to wealth ?: 'You and I were living in an attic in a .wretched dirty street in one of the shabbiest, dreariest quarters of that great wilder ness of brick, where wo. had taken refuge. after the troubles here. One day you disappeared without; telling me where you were going, leav ing me just, a line to say you were going, away upon business and might be some time away. You left me penniless, except for the pittance I waB. able .to earn, by; working for a Jewish tailoring house ; cruel work, which worn my fingers to the bone. You had been gone a week when:I heard .some women in the court where I lived talking of a murder. I could just understand enough English then to know what they were talking about, bat I listened heedlessly enough until I heard the name of Hatrell;-not pronounced as I pronounced it, yet a great horror came over me at the thought that it might be the same name. It was not he who ? was murdered, I told myself. I was an idiot to be so disturbed by fear, and yet I could not com mand myself or keep calm while I questioned the women. They couldn't tell me whq_the murdered . man was-only that his name -was Hatrell. They said if I wanted to.know more I had better buy a newspaper. . I rushed out .into the street like a mad woman, and it seemed to me as if I should never find a shop where they sold newspapers, though there were hundreds of shops in the long busy street. At last I found a tobac conist's where there were a lot of newspapers stuck in a rack against the doorway. I took three of them, haphazard, and gave the shopkeeper the last 3d I had in the world-the pence that were to have bought food for the day. I hurried back to my garret as fast as my feet would carry me. I thought more than once that I should fall down in the street, for my knees seemed to give way under me. I would not trust myself to look at the papers till I was safe in my own hole, like a wounded animal ; and then I bolted my door, and sat down upon the bare boards, and unfolded one of the newspapers." " Why go over all this old ground, Louise ? A little while ago you reproached nie for dwelling on the past ; and now you are harping upon old sores. You have told me the story often enough." Louise had begun to pace the room in ah agitated manner as she talked; while Madame Quijada sank deeper into htr luxurious arm chair, and sat there looking up at her niece' with an awe-stricken countenance, as if she had been Nemesis. Time was when she would Have put down all such speech as this with a high hand ; ' but the growing habit of brandy1 and chloral had-weakened her energies.' . She'who once held so firm a mastery over daughter ' and niece was now powerless to control either. I will talk of these things. You rave kept me long enough in . miserable si lence and submission. I have been your drudge-not because I feared you, or. valued tile home you have' given me-but because I care nothing for my life, and would ns soon be a ser vant as an empress. But there are times when the memory of the past is too strong for me. I want you to know what I suffeied while I was alone in that grarret. The room comes back to me in my dreams sometimes with a hideous reality, and I fancy I am sitting there in the hot Bummer afternoon, stitching, stitching in hopeless monotony, ao if I were a human machine. I must talk of that hideous past. It ia in my mind always ; it is a part of me." . . : She walked to and fro in silence for a few minutes. - and then went on recalling her misery, step by step. " ' ; " The first newspaper that Popened was full of the Denmark-street murder-and the Denmark street murder was the murder of Robert Hatrell. ijcould read English much better than I could speak ifc, and there was not one word of the wit nesses that escaped me. I saw my own name, and understood that it was the name of his poor Antoinette whii'h had lured him to tho shambles in which he was to be killed. And then I knew that the murderer was my brother-my brother .whose face I had not> seen since the first few weeks after we came to London. I knew that the p etended watchmaker in Den njark-street was my brother, and that the woman \iho asked- Robert Hatrell tc go to the death bed of a girl called Antoinette must be you, and only you. . And Iknew that because Robert Hatrell had once been kind to me and loved me a little, per haps; in spite of the- difference in our stations, because of those few happy days of my girlhood, he had been trapped and murdered. It; was not till afterwards that Tread about the changing of the hotes-on the-RivieraV but when-1 did I knew well enough that the' gray-haired Frenchwoman was you; I knew your-shifty tricks well enough in the past to know that you would have no diffi culty-in disguising yourself and aping the man ners of a 'woman of quality. That was months, afterwards, when I was well enough to leave the -French Hospital, where I was: carried raving mad with brain fever af ter starving in my garret for nearly a week, trying to work from daybreak till dark, and spending sleepless nigûts of agony. But for the refuge that blessed institution afforded me, ImuRt have died- of hunger in my gafrefc^or. been turned out of doors ;to die in the street. My landlord was a cabdriver, and he had the humanity to put me into his cab, burnt up with fever and delirious as I was, and drive me to the hospital, where he told them my story." \- " I sent you money as soon as I hp4 ?e$$ed a* Madrid, where I went, in the hope of getting help from an old friend." . ! " Yea, your letter telling me to go to Madrid and enclosing t' e money for the journey arrived after Thad gone to the hospital. The letter was given me when I recovered; my senses, and when 1 was ablè to travel I set out for Spain. In Madrid I found you established in very different quarters to our garret in the Minories. Your old friend had been very generous to you. You who had been nearly starving in London were able to make a very good figure m Madrid, able to send your daughter to a convent-school, you who were living on,bread and water before Robert Hatrell was murdered. Do you' suppose I ever doubted whete your money came from ? I knew from the beginning that it was the price of blood. You called me mad when I refused to eat or drink with ycu while your prosperity lasted. You laughed at me because I preferred a crust of bread in my garret to your dainty fare. When your money was gone and you were again reduced to povéi ty my mind was easier, I could better bear to liv« with you, and then I grew fond of Dolores-she at least was innocent of all evil-^ and so I learned to bear the life." " You are a fool," muttered Madame Quijada, hastily. "Thavé heard all this rodomontade of yours ' so often that I' never think it worth my while to ar>ue with you. Just give me your arm tb help me .to my roora; before Dolores and her husband come home from the theatre. These rheumatic knees of mine will hardly carry me upstairs without assistance. You are a fool, Louise. You might be a milliner's drudge, toil ing among a lot of other drudges at thiB day if it were not for your cousin Dolores and me." " I might have been lying at the bottom of the Seine long ago if ' it were not for Dolores," answered Louise, gloomily. " Her love has been the only bond that held me to life." (TO BB CONTINUED.) 