Mea ami MMt*. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. TOE TB40IÜ STORY OF ANNA KXOBSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. ' Author of " Cruel Loudon," '* The Three Becruitd," "John Needham's Double," «to. [ALL BIGHTS BESEBVED.] PART"IV. CHAITKB XVI.-TUKGEOSTOFTDE LAGOONS. They weie a fishing trio of the lagoons, Cuiozotti, in foot, well known for their industry and their piety. They had been besting about most of the nhjht without haul- ing iu anything worth mentioning, until it was nearly morning, and then having oalled down a blessinjpfrom the saint whom their brown illuminates sail glorified, their net bad filled to overflowing. They emptied it with muon, rejoicing upou their reeking deok, and then spread their oanvas to catch the morning breeze for Venice. It wanned vet An hour or so to dawn, the first opaline advauces of which began to move the curtains of the Eastern sky. Only a handful of pale stare remained io the heavens. The sea bod been rough on the previous night, and a strone under swell was left in memory of the passing storm. The picturesque emaok roso and fell with a regular cadenza of motion. While one of the men »tiered and attended to the natation, the other two were bnsy getting their fish into the hold, singing all the while a kind of answering chorus to the chsunt of the steersman. Presently the soloist paused in his song to gaze intently to windward, where he fancied no saw something in the water. It was not a boat, nor was it a fish. It might be a pieoeof floating wreak'ge. But it looked .strangely like some awful vision of tbe deep. The helmsman said nothing, but crossed himself devoutly, and looked in another direction. The opaline glow that had at first been very faint now gave plaoe to streaks of pink and grey and red ; it looked like a stormy breaking of the morning. There was an unusual shadow, too, npon the sea, the steersman thought. He feared to look to windward, though he tried to smother a superstition' dread that esme over him in a repetition of his fisherman's ohaunt, and again his mates took up the refrain. He no longer saw the strange weird something io the asa ; it was still there, nevertheless, rising and falling with the swelling waves. Once in a way the first beams of the morning fell npon it as if with inquisitive glances. Then the shadowy forms ot the Euganesn hills began to assert their presence far away beyond the mainland. Further North the cold whits Alps were getting ready to make their ap Eearancc on the dista» background of the azy picture, By and bye the islands of the lagoons would put in their claims to re- cognition, but for the moment there wu only one object to be seen. And now they all saw it. The fish with their shining scales and bright dying eyes had been stowed away, and snddeuly the mau at the helm pointed a long bony finger in the direction of theghoet-Uke object to windward. The thing was recognised in silence. It assumed an almost upright attitude with the riainir nf the WAVAR * and aa t.hnv rnnnilAil lt floated backwards al a graoeful swimmer mtaht. It did oot, ia taking this new position, however, bifict the water as a live swimmer would, bat rose and fell with a ghostly rhythm of motion. When its head topped the wives horizontally it showed a human face distorted, white and swollen, with dark hair. All three toilers ol the deep now saw the apparition. It was more than a ghost sad loss than a man. Was-lt some pernicious creature of the seat How should they avoid it! They tacked. Tl icy turned their eyes to leeward. They made as if they would sail fur the open sea, The swimming figure followed the ship. They had both struck the same current. The sailors now saw it in a new quarter. They wete afraid, Again they tacked. This time I he prow turned towards the Lido. The men had resumed their course. Presently a long streak of light illuminated the waters. The rain oeased. It was nearly morning. ' Tho sun forced silver lancee up into the clouds, And now there could be no mistake. The figure waa human in form, but its face was a weird deformity. It waa a goblin, a monster, a something horrible. It had great white bauds that were stetring it towards the ship. Its head rose and fell with the waves. They could all see the nameless thing. They fell upon their knees aol commended themselves to their saints, snd more particularly to her who bad vouchsafed them their goodly haul of fi,h. Then they took counsel and came to a decision. The monster was a ghost. They were convinced of it, these three Chlorotti. They crowded all sall to get away from it; wheo suddenly, as if under the influence of the god of day, the wind fell, and there was a dead calm. The sea, however, still rose and fell. There were no waves. But the keel of tho boat made a gurgle and a washing. The sea seemed aa if trying to break into a wave, bat it only slopped up against the ship's sides. One of tbs men thought there was something like s sob accompanying the bulging motion of the water. They tempted the dead breeze from every point, but the ehip lay still and the morning in silvery splendour began to salute and glorify distant objects, flashing now and then through the clouds into a white path aoross the lagoon right up to the ship. In one of these passing Uluniinations they saw the ghost clearly, " It ia no gboit," said the bravest of the three ; " it ia a dead cuan." " Did yon ever see a dead man swimming with its arms and legs as a live man swims t ' ssid the other, fortifying himself with a long drink from a bottle which he handed to his mates. " It does indeed swim," said the helmsman ; " that's true." " What harm oan come to ns," said the first, "having commended ourselves to the Virgin and to our own much beloved and beholden-to saint !" "She did not help Pierre when we were wrecked and lost our mate," said the helms- man. "Forgive him, Santa Maria!" exclaimed the second fisherman j be knows not what he says I" ' "It is no ghost, comrades," repeated the bravest of the three, " only o drowned man ; let us take him in tow." " What if hs takes us in tow!" said the first of the Chiozotti. " Truly, what then ?" exclaimed the helms- man. " Look at him I Dead, do yon say t Yoe, n dead-alive ; he awims, don't you see it, first on bia breast, theo on his side, and thirdly on bis back, Do drowned men swim like that!" ' ' It's the action of the waves," said tho second fisherman, taking another drink. " Strange action I" said tho first. ' Yes, 1 grant you," said thc second ; " hut are we cowards T Bavo we been out in all weathers, and Bren strange stuhl* by night .m.l duy, und are we going to bo afraid now that thc sun is ri ¡og ana Veneiin begins to look across the water to the Lido 1" " No," said tho first spokesman. " What Bhall we do, good comrade!" "Loner tho boat and take the drowned man in tow 1" said the other, handing the bottle to tho steersman, who emptied lt and found himself more courageous by two wine- glasses full, " But tee," he said, " nevertheless it is coming along of its own accord. It needB no assistance." " There will he a reward," laid the second ««lier. " I iee gold hoe | it Ia the body of ta officer ia uniform." "Don't romanoe," replied the Ant Haber, moo ; "it is the glint of the ann on the water." By thia time the ann wai really getting np in the heavens. The sky was beginning to turn blue. Distant mountains oame nearer. The helmsman orossod himself as he lent a hand to his mates, and presently the boat was slipping ta the stern, where the second man dropped Into her and began to pull towards the strange figure which seemsd to be literally, playing with tho waves. " YOB," said the Cbloggia fisherman aa he approached it, "gold laue sure enough, but what a face I ana, mercy on us, how dead alive it looka with its bands waving up and down. Ahoy, mate, heave to I" with which exclamation of personal encouragement he Sung a thin rope across the body and io manoeuvred it that In a minute or two he bad fastened a stronger oue to it, and the ghost of tho lagoon answered to the tug of the boat which the fisherman began to poll for the smack. The vessel hove to, and the adventurer having fastened his boat to the line flung out by the helmsman, sorambled aboard. The ghost floated in companionship with the vessel's boat whioh dropped quietly astern, The Chiozzia smack now hoisted her pointed sails and steered for the channel by the Lido. It was an ebb tide, and the water, as Mr. Symonds tells us in his " Italian Sketches," at suoh times runs past the mulberry gardens of this pleasout hamlet like a river. The fishing boat, with Its ghastly figure at the stern, swnng into this rapid stream aided by a freshening breeze, and from the other side of the Riva no doubt looked a pretty objeot, as indeed it was if you took no note of tts half submerged cargo-the dead passenger, with Its great white hands and its equally white f.rui liba »rift hitlf-tonnid] lontnAr. DD wont the boat and ita «lient witness past the groves ol acacia treea whioh rise out o[ Ita tall green graeaee, where the first butterflies ot summer were disporting themselves for their brief hour or two of say and radiant life. Presently the vessel's course wss ohanged for the Custom House, and now she went gliding along with no swelling motion, except euch as the wooing wind gave her. The sun was up. Venice waa alive. A little crowd of early workmen bad gathered round the Vfotor Emmanuel statue. The last remnants of the decorations were being removed. The pigeons in the Grand Square of tit. Mark's wera fluttering over their first meal oi the day. The two royal standards opposite the famous ohnroh were flying in the morning bréete. A cluster of gondolas were lying by the steps in the shadow of the lion ot 8t. Mark's. Picturesque groups of men and women were standing near. Tho gorgeous palaces were glassing themselves tn the Grand Canal with braned effects of form and colour made by the rippling water. Round the corner of the Pizarro Palaoe, where the Countess Stravenaky had looked down from the window of her boudoir, however, the water was still snd showed every line of architecture, every lichen on the ancient walls, every bit ot ooze and greeu slime that olung to the lower stones on the water's edge, but there was no trace of the tragedy of the recent festival any more than there was of those others whioh had preceded it in bygone days. Nor had the wavelets in front of the palace anything to show or to say of the magnificent reoepuon, the gay and festal muslo of whioh bad been the dirge which Vengeance had prepared for the Russian general who had presided over the outrages of Osaron va. All the world looked so happy on this morning, as if the bright snn, the soft breeze, the olear sky, the perfume ot flowers (brought from the mainland by a passing boat) had been given as compensation for the closing of the royal festival ; or as if the spirit of Venios bad risen np to let ber worshippers feel that the city in the sea needed nothing of festival or music or royal guests, or flags and banners, and painted böate to make her desirable, bnt that she was loveliest without ought elae but her own beauty. And yet trailing along her dreamy city was that bleached and ghastly thing that a little way off looked like a strong swimmer at bis ease, his extending arma and legs rising and falling with the motion of the vessel in com- pany with which be was enjoying the bright gay morning. But what a ghastly mockery it turned out to be when the Chlorate emaok cast anchor and dropped her sails. And what a reception it had from the chattering crowd that collected on the quay-all talking at ODoe, some crossing.themselves, other, pro- fessing to recognize the corpse, all presently making way for the Custom House authorities and the polios. "General Petronovitoh," said one of the chiefs of polios, " be who disappeared on the night of the ihuininations ; and this (taking from the body a dagger that was entangled rather with the clothing than with the flesh) the cause of death, perhaps." On the blade of the rusted knife could still be seen deeply engraven a word in Arable, which a learned priest translated into Italian, French, and English. They .were the same Arabio letters as those whioh were embossed upon the amulet that the Countess Straveasky wore at Mrs. Chetwynd's reception, and the word was " Vengeanoe I" Thus the judicial murderer of the Rabbi Losinski, the assassin of the household peace and joy of the Kloastooks, and the eoourge of Czaronva, Sang after execution into the sea, had oome back again to Venice a witness of the far-reaching hand of Nihilistic vengeanoe. 