H HAUMJNTED HUSBAND 01:. Ladly the"tVIntl's Spectre. I;r tIeS. 12IICIET LCrlWIs. HI-APlEI; XXIM.- (CoG.TenEo.) Ei.ca rail:.t sietched hie visit to St. h::: is falling in lore with 3Bernice. : r.::=rice, hr death. and her repented :: ci to him since her burial. At the ::: of the narrative. Chetwynd :-;:: earity, his face ghrvily ptle, his s:.-..:" will an.1 strange in their eager .:'.ci ta yearning. 1 .e:n:c il!usion," said Bisset placidly. i or. a mt n once wols fancied himself c:ot : an . was only cured of the de. ,: b :in, placed upon a hot store. ' . mr leorl, belicve yourself to be i...:: T:c dlcusion is not unplrece. :.. A ::sand men have deemed ..:ra:nt'd. By the by. the Miss k yca antrnttn is your lordship's be : ":. f, ;s she not '" . t. I: are to be married next month," °; . :ry; n . gl+,oonily. S:, lrirable, then. that you shou!d : i .::ir mina of this sinular dehtlsion c; ti., lrcsible,"' ieamcake3 Iisset, br. l'nre ?n.t heard all. You think me : .i, I s'e ; but listen. When my S?:.?:.:: rvEd to me-the night before :-I pr el her. I bounded after :r ta tih; ln: aisles of the con. i: r.t:Sr: I er.?pd at her; I caught her ' . ,r a,:lhol Bi.et. ": It rc fr,,m it this bit of lace. a real :. f that the arments at least p. .",spectral. Lo,,k .:-- : from his pocket a tiny : - :h, eit undone, was found to a ye low, , wrinkled, and torn scrap " 'n T ,mpi.t examined the lace rva: a new view upon the matter. :. si I tim dctetiver, speaking n,; :-: r? ':al, b.t in an qick, business p "..,r ",etr was a living woman. " .r ,h:s-a lo:ng, white silk . at the neck. with frills of " ?. nt herr fair t,,om. ant ' o: f c.t tc elbrows artd -dlet \- :..- ys alys apecar:d to une st;1;,I . Di-s t. " Ha~s anone : n whit riobed angel besides S n, in. ori 1" S31 : a her, and believed her a . N o oe e alse ra her. Shl comes .e.: -haiow. I believer her to ie .. ; n. .li:t who is sthe? Butt r:: rice to he deadd- What is : r, ?Ir. Iliset ? I have sent for ! 0' , at filst glance," said the ':: t i ,me young woman was trade S: a hI rescmblance to ti;e late Lady :: 1. T ere is n doubt, of course, .t: .!7 Ci;ortwn,i is dead ?" !:Iol in my arms, and lay for six :y hIrose tnb:rie:d, and I tlhen con '1 ihe t, t he I';ctwynd fanily vault in I tyTr.l parish church," declared his " .i mulr. And yet. Ir. r. sset, -i:" ',a: t!,t that scratI of faOe came S .rif s burial robe. " The pattern is 1 I. will7 observe." "ii ialr Chet.wyend much of this lace a:t .r oeO its !" ased Itisset. '' cf toit pattern except upon the ': bichl, she was buried. The gown S fr !.cr in London." W.l io into the matter of this lace, : . "Whoerer is counterfeiting the l. L-iiy Ci ntwvnd is doing so skillullr, .:.: rc:al to, trouble or expense, and i:ntl with an object. What that .:t e must determine. Do ynou know i, , S avis rse to your marriage !n t. Iy marriage with her is re ". at a matter of course," replied Lrlt S-- l. , I was engaged to marry her :'' . :,"t she broke the engagement i:tbfre I went away on the cruise : r-!t-,I in my marriace to Ilernice. -.. ife, in dirg?, urged me to marry : and rince my return,although I hare '-::?t in my love and fidelity to the : 0. I haro renewtc my former engage. ''.ith 'Ii: Monk 2." II= "a' said MIr. :issct; and somehow :t'.ril the simple ejaculation in a :a-r ti hat made it pregnant with mean. :. '. mulst not deem me over ': .y irt, but, as you hanve desired 0 1 to i,t in the solution of the mystery ' Lai Cilteyn:l's spectre. I must ask you , perrkctly frank with me, and to give :'ctidv'rabic information that will seem, c:hic- to hare no bcaring upon the matter :'i-t.n. I mest know every member of r:' hiouehold, servnuts and all. To '.a with tlhe chief personage next to your. .my lorditi who is M'iss Monk l" Tt marquis fancied that the officer's SCre growing intrusive, and he is my step sister and promised wife. s 'tauhtier of my mother's second .lad, C t,;nel Monk." "'Brn in India my lord l" ti m.itrlnis bowed with a suspicion of ~ad her brother is here, also, my !i i, at pe·sant. He is reading law L ct.by & Newman, of Chancery '.? I know Scotshy & Newman," I:'? r. isset, egolly. "Excellent firm. ~r. G;lbert Monk is reading law with them ? Thinks, my lord. And Mr. Monlt, I suppose, was also born in India. I hava a partiality for India and India people. 1 was born in India, my father being an offieerof the East India Company. Iwas out there daring my first ten years, and I've been back since attaining my man hood. I suppose I know as much of India and the natives as any men of my age living. The carriage rolled on through the vil-. lage ard up the hill beyond, entering the ohadows of the park, and soon reached the heoue. The young marquis conducted his guest, Mr. Temnpest, and the detective, Mr. Bisset, to the library. Here his lordship, at lisait's requcat, recapitulated the story of Lady Chetwynd's spectre nod the facts connected with its repeated appearances, submit ting to be cross examined ercn to to te minutest de aius. The dandy-like ollicer dropped his little affectations of eyc-,lass and drawl, r:d listened with a been interest, an: ex hibited a cool, caha jldgment, a clear p--r cepsion, a::d n an eu:cness nd shrcwdnas that catsed Lord Chetwynd to revoke his earlier opinion of him, and to respect and lavefaith in hlim. "I am to pass as your guest, my lord equally witsh lour actual guest, MIr. Ternt. pest," said the gllicer, when Chetwynd had given all the information in his power. HIIow many peop'!e in your house, my lord, know me in my true character?" "Only Miss Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tem. pest, and myself," was the response. " The housekeeper, butler and under sarvants, of course, are in ignorance of your business here, of your name, even. Tihey have been old that I expect a guest." "Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr. Monk knew me only as your guest," said the ealicer. "Men of my profession like to work in secret. Most ladies have a maid or confidential attendant to whoat lhey impart a good share of their secrets, and these maids are sieves, for the most part. But to return to business. Will you take me to your conservatory, drawing room, and music-room, nad point out the exact spots at which the spectre-we will call your visitor a spectre for the present, my lord-appeared to your lordship ?" Chetwynd assented, and asked Tempest if he would accompany them. "If you lplease," said the greatexplorer. 1le Iet Tempest and the officer to the drawing andi music rooms, and pointed out the spots where Bernice had first and last ppeared-bow she had escaped the pursuit, running down the aisle of the conservatory, and out at the open door. Mr. Bisset went over the ground carefully, and then gail : " My lord, I will undertake the solution of this mystery, but I desire yon to leave the whole matter in my lands. Permit me to come anilld go about the house at will, to question your servants, and have a night. key to oue ,of your outer doors, and to com iort myself in all respects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family." " Your may make yoar own terms, Mr. Bisset," said the marquis. "I resign the managemeot of the matter into your hande." 11is lordship showed his guests their toms, and a little later luncheon was nnaunced. Miss Monk dil not appear at table, but G:lbert came in, hyish of aspect, with a jovial smile on his swarthy face, and a great affectation of light hearledeess in his manner. Chtwvynd introdiuced his step-brother to his distinguirhed gutst, and to the te. relive officer; MliJnk greeted them cour teously. Mer. Bisset had resumed his drawl and the use of his eye glass. He appeared to Monk a mere dandy, whose skill in his profession was a matter of dolut, and Monk conceived a great contempt for him. " Of course, Mr. i:slet," said Monk, at an early pause in the conversation, speahing with a slight tinge of superi-,rity in his manner, as to a social inferior,"you have lenrd all about Lady Chctwynd's spectra ? You are the gentleman from Scotland Yard, ftake it, as Mr. Tempest is well known to everybody, by name at least, as the great travllenr and explorer. Cltctwynd lark, although one of the grandest residences in England,ihas hitherto lacked that crowning :harm-an autheLtic ghost. The deficiency oapeors to be eupplied at last, andil the l'ark may fairly be said to be haunted!' The flippancy of this address, and the off. iand illusion to Lady Cl:etwyrd, whose name the maquis coutl not yeot hear with out pain, surprised and disgusted Monk's list-nrrs. lie -a:l meant to seem eovish and thoughtlrs5, but lie had in reality appeared cuarse anl heartless. "l', rh:lpa you can geit me msome informa.. luon ,Ir. Mlonk," said the detectire.quicCty. SLa-.r Chetwynd tella me that you were standing in the doorway t.f the conservatory looking out upon the rarden upon tie li:st nicht of the spectre's appearance, DMr. Modnk, and yet you say yen saw nothing of her." " Nothing whatever." Just then the butler opened the door, nid came in with a yellow envelope upon the salver, which he presented to Mr. Monk, saying, apologetically: "A telegram, sir, whichl a mounted mes senger has just brought over from East. bourne, and says is to be delivered, imme dinte, sir." Monk took up the envelope and tore it open. It was dated at London that very morn. inr, and had been delivered with conmt'nd able promptness. It was brief, containing these words: - "The runaway client has turned op. No harem has been done. All is well. Tle eiient will be hell until you c,,mo. Yoa can take your own time. The client not being well, cannot be removed under a week, and in the meantime you can feel assured that all is safe. " fCOTBiY & NsWT.IAN." Monk read the mes;sage twice. It was from Flock, his trustced confederate, as he well kn:ew. The fori of the message iehad himself dictated beforehland, in view of this emergency. He compiehended its meaning, liernice was safe in thie hands of Flaek- and Mrs. Crowl. An evil jay and exultation flamed up into his swarthy face, and an evil gleam lighted up his small, h!ack eyes. Saful S-ffe! lIe could defy old Rages and her hatrid of Lady Chetwynd now. Ife cold defy Bisset anil all Seotilandnl Yard. Beanice andi his secret were safe 1 Caldming himself by an effort, he said to the butler: "There's no answer. Here's n half. sovereign for the messenger. Send him to the Clietwynd inn to bait his horse, nad tell him to have the bill charged to me. That's all., lie gave the buller a gold piece, and that functionary departed. Then for the third time Mlonk rcad his letter eultantly. He looked up atlast with a sense of uneasiness, to find Bisset looking carelessly toward him. HIave yon good news, Gilbert 7" asked Lord Chc'.wynd. - ,Excellent news, my lord. It's a tele gram from Scotsby & Newman, and on busincrs, too. It announces simply that a little specllation I entered into a while since has turned out a success. And of course I'm rejoiced. One so impecunious as l am can afford to laugh even at Rsmall suCe easses." hIonk crumpled utp his telegram, throestit in his pocket, and then gave himself up to e few miniites' meditation. iHe did not deem it wise to proceed im mediately to London. lie desired to watch the movements If the detective oflier, and to dtivert him, if f.ossible, from any approach to the truth. HIe feared that his departure on the very day of Dlissets arrival might draw the attention of the officer supn him self. As Bernice was safe in the hands of his allies; and not well enough to be removed to Mawr Castle, he could afford to wait a week before going on to see her. He felt it necessary to communicate with Flack ann f`er. Crowl immediately, nodas secretly as possible. Accordingly, directly after luncheon, lihe went to his own room to write a letter to his confederates. Bisset excused himself, and wandered away by himself. Lard Chetwynd ordered out a pair of thoroughbreds, and with Tempest ewent out for a swift gallop through the park and over the eslate. Samc two hours afterward Cectwynd and Telmpest rode slowly through the village ct Chetwvnd-hy.Sen, ar.:! scended the hill that lcd to the park. In advance of them a clender, gentleanly figure was walking slowly, twirling in one gloved hand a small cane, or naiking-stick, and smoking a cigar. " It i 3Mr. Bisse," snid Tempest. " lie's been dowrin to the village." "What can lie hope to discover by a visit at the village inn I" said Chetwynd. "Tie knows his own business, I supposs, how. ever. 1 fancy that foppishns:s of Ilis is a r.,aak lie likes to wear because his real nature, which he hides beneath it, is so different." At this moment Bisset, who was still in advance of the riders, paused at tlie small lower gate of the park, and looked in. Gil. bert IMonk was in the very net of opening the gate, having a letter in his hand, which he was conveying to Chetwynd himself, instead of intrusting it, as was customary, to the butler and the post baC. Bisset stepped back, raising his hat to Monk, who thrust his letter in his pocket nnd'came out, securing the gate behind him. At this juncturo Lord Chetwynd and Mr. Tempest came up, and reined in their h.orses. "I see that you bare been over to Chetwynd, Mr. Bisset," said the- marquis. "I fear I did not make it plain to you that the mystery df the spectre is known to bhit a very few, and no one outside the Park, ex. cepting Doctor IIartright, of Eastbourne, the Chetwynd rector, and my bailill. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village." " I beg leave to differ with your lord ship," slid lBisset, respectfully. "I hare obtained light upon the mystery even in the village." The three gentlemen uttered cxclnmations of surprise. "I'm afraid you've permitted yourself to be imposed upon, sir,". said Monk, with a sneer. " You would do better to concentrate your attenticns upon the house. maids." DMr. Bisset did not deign to reply. Ibe raised his hat, and moving aside out of Mlonk's path, passed on. Moink went lhs way toward the village, and Chetwynd and Tempest cantered on toward the Puar. There was a strenge smile on tihe Dun dreary face of the detective officer as lie daintily picked his way, and proceeded .slowly in the direction the marquis and the explorer hadl gone. " tlo I-mr. Monk does despise me, to be sure,'" ho said to himself. " Ile thinks me a fop cf the first water, a regular swell, yon know. But about this mystery--my in terest in it grows upon me. I have not lost time since I cnme; of that I'm certlnn. And I think I've gained something like a clue that will lead me to success. Tom Bisset isn't in his doatgo yet." Whistling softly to himself, he passed in at the lodge gates and sauntered slowly up the avenue toward the mansion. Miss Monk was walinsg to and fro on the marble terrace, as was her daily custom. Bisset suspected her identity at once, and steppiing back into a ideeper shialow caused by the tree she stopped to regard her. CHAPTER XXV. A VEX?rtlOUS INTRUDERC. Entirely unconscinus of the keen regards of the detective officer, Miss Monk con tinucd to walk to and fro upon the marble terrace, in the shadow cast by the great house. 'Mies Monk- was not happy. A Ihaunlting dread lroolcd upon her soil by night anl day. Never for one moment did stie feel safe. Andi now her disquiet was increased by tlhoughts of the new arrivals at Chet wynd Park. and more particularly of the detective cilicer. "If it were not that Bernice lives and is at the I'ark-where else can she be 7-I could defy even him," sihe thought. " Does Gilbert mean to let this detective spy out his secret and Lady Clhetwynd's idelntity? I suppose he is nut used to dine at a gentle man's table, and I shall fairly dazzle him with my beauty and splendor. I think I may as well be civil to the fellow, although I wonder at P.oy's democratic way in treat ing him as a guest. I should like to meet the fellow before dinner, and before this great explorer, Tempest, appears, to claim my chief attention." Fortune, as usual,scemed inclined to favor Mies IMonk. Tie detective officer, having studied the lady from afar sulliciently, now emerged from the shadow of the avenue limes and approached the terrace at an easy, enunter. ing Iicas, swinging his light, goldl-mounted walking stick in -one gloved hand, and twirling the curled ends cf his scented moustache in the other. IHe wore his gold framed eyeglasses, his tall silk hat, a dainty blue scarf with a huge diamond glittering upon it like a rain drop in the sunshine, anti his fashionably made garments wers worn with the air of a Regent-strect "swell." This the detective I Miss Monk knew in Etinctively that le was tlh detlective, and not Mr. Templest or a chance visitor, andt her lips curled in a contempt as strong and keen as Gilbert Monk entertinied for him. "Hen a detective 1" she saud to herself. "IIe's a doll--a mere figurchead, in love with himself. Or he's an amateur, sent to try his hand here and to learn his business. Achild could hoodwink him I" Still with that contemptuous smile on hier face, Mies Monk continued her slow walk. Mr. Dksset came up, meeting hier sqiarelyr, and so arrested her steps, while he raisad his lhat, and made her a Chesterfieldian bow. "I have the pleasure and honor of ad dressing Miss Monk, I believe," saidl the detective, in his courtly manner, with a fashionable drawl. Miss. Monk drew herself up super ciliously, and eyed him with a. haughty stare. "I nm Miss Monk," she said, coldly. "You have the advanrtageof me,sir, I do not know who you are." IMr. Gisset appeared in no way abashed at this repulse. -Me hastened to say, suavely: "I am hr. Bisset, Lord Chetwynd's guest, Miss Monk." ,!The policeman 1' said the lady. "Ab I I suppose I should have said, the detective. I'm sure I beg sour pardon. You detectives are the aristocrats lof the police force, as I understand it. No one would take you for a detective, Mr. Disset," she added, more graciously. "Yon look like a gentleman." "t am a gentleman, both by birth and breeding, Miss Monk,') said the offlicer, quietly;." but, unfortuatelyr, money does not always accompany gentle blood. It becamue necessary for me to support myself, and I ceose my present profession from sheer love of it. Nature intehded me for ay present place, and I find a great delight int "." - - " " Still. you mnst now anr t then flud vyour. self halnied," said MrIe. Monk, g?niosuslv, yet considering the oflicer on insuier3able egotist. "I suppose, now, Mr. Blisset-ina that the names-thnt in all your profes. sional experience yon were never called upon in a ease similar to this Until the I niCht before last we have believed Lord Chetwynd tn be a bypochondriac-the i victim of a preposterous illusion ortlelusion. Uut now, of course, we know him to be the dupeor prey of some designing woman, who prcsauun upoan her resemblance to thie late Lady Chetwynd to play spectre. Te cerap I of nlace torn from the woman's sleeve shows clearly that it is no sp:clrc, but an actual woman. Site may hare p'vrpcsely allowed r him to catch her sleeve tie other night. She may intend to suffer him to clasp her form next time. Peopple work out their plans by stlangi ways cometimes. Andl Chettwynd Palk is a gland prize to work for." And Miss lMonk's gaze turned toward the house, anul swept e vr the park nnd fields and farms spread before her like a picture. "It is in:lecti a glorious prize," said the delective, but h:a genz dwelt upon Mliss Monk, and not upon the scenle around himn. lie was regarding her witil singular and flattering intentne.s. She turned her hall averted face with the swiftness of a serpent, and us silently, ond she met the full, admiring gaze of Mr. Bisset fixed upon her. lie did not give her time to speak, saying, in his drawling voice : "As you are so interested in the discovery of this mock spectre, Miss Monk, I know you will lend me all assistlace in your power in my search for her. COn you give mean accurate deseription of herself and her dress t" "I ramust refer you to Lrd Cihetwynd for information in those points, sir. "I lhave never see the woman," asserted Mies Monk, adhering to her original denial, and with. out suspicion that her brother hlad deelared that she had seen the supposed Fpectre, but had feared to own to the fact, lest she should strengthen Lord Chetwynd's supposed delusion. Mr. Bisset's careless eyes began to concentrate their gaze upon tile young lady. "Pardon me," he said; "but did you not see the supposed spectre, either on it's first or last appearance 1" Miss Monk replied in the negative. "fllt Mr. Monk says you did see her," he replied, coolly. Sylvia's frice darkened, and a savage glitter brightened her eyes. " "Did he say that," she asked,in a hIissing voice. "IIHe did. ie toll Lord Chetwynd that you had s:et the spectre on each occasion," said the detective, coolly. Tte savage look on Plis Monk's face deepened. She crested hIer htack head like a serpent about to dart lupon its prey. Her breath came quick andl hard. licr suspicion that Gilbert was playing against hler'eemed to receive adlditional cosfirmation. For the muoment she hated her brother witr'a deadly hatred, such as must have once filled the soul of the firsa murderer. She shivered a little, drew hcrcloak closer around her, and resumed her slow walk, Mr. iisset keepin pface beside her. 'IThey lian taten but a turn or two when the old East inlien woman lagec came met, of the I, usc and strided swiftly toward them, with an Ilidian scarf thrown across her arm. Mr. Bisset watched her approach through his eye-glass. " An ohil person to find in prosaic Eng. land, Miss Monk," Ihe said. "Sire looks itLe a figure out of the Arabian Nights." '' She is only my old nyab, whom I brought with me from' India," said the yourg lady. "Sile nursed me in my infancy, and is de voted to me." IlageC came up at this juncture and pre. sentcd the scarf to lier mistress, begging her to throw it over her head, lest she sheuald take cold. Sylvia complied with the re quest. The llindoo woman cast a distrust. ful glance at the detective oficer, and said, in a low voice, in the IIindostance tongue: " Beware, Iissy. The butler but just told me that this is the detective. I maldenn ex case to come and ware you. lie will try to worm out of you contradictory say ings. I like him not. He is not what hie eems. I am afraid of him." Miss Monk iugrhed, and the Ilindoo woman relectantly rtirled. There was a rlold on her dusky brow. and an arvnxivos loo!r in her eyes, ns abde retreated In the hle ese:. S?eser instinct warned her that this fair, flppdlsh little fellow, with elis e.fectaitioe: ; hi. li . glas., and hlis drawiiaig R:I eInt, was mere to be feared than any other. "Mly ayah is a go'l ohl soul," sail Miss Monk, in Englishl, adiresaing lIr. lisaet, "i bt she seeris to thlin' men r delicate itr valid who must Iecosseteil centinually. She speak? little English, but usrally addrrsses me in her own tonzne. The Ilindoetance is as sweet and mellilluous as hlrneymi wine. All she hand to say to me was, that I must guard against this insidlious sea breeze, and to remind me of an illnessit once cadred me, but you heard how the words rolled off her tongue in music. Aih, the linelustance is sweet to my rsa....It s wor.. - r0,,. hu. .ct my habyle toneuro lisped, and I suppose I shall speak it last of all." She siehed sentimentally, and her eyes gazed full into the detective's face. "The Hlindostanee tongue is mellifluo=s, as yet: say, lMiss Monk," he remarked. "I like it. The hIiudostance was the fist language I ever spoke, for, like you, I was born In India, had a native nurse, and my mother died in my lirst year of my life." Miss Monk's dark face paled. "You-you understand Ilindoslance, then I" she said. "Very well indeed," answered the officer, coolly. "I lived in India until I was ten years old. On reaching my majority I went back to lookl after some property left me by my father, and I remained there some five years, studying the language and the Miss Monk listened to this relevatin in a rdcad silence. She comprehended tihant the oflicer lhad heard and urnlcerstood lRagee's warning wordf, and onrer r.nd fear struggled together' in her breast for the masterr. II inust say," she declared, iafter a pause, "that your eanduct in listening to my anyn's private communication to me is not what I consider honorable." "I might retort that it is not considere?d good.brecding to use a foreign language be. fare people who are be!ierel not to under. stand it," said tIle iletctirve, good hbumoredly. " Ilit, Mliss Moonk, no aolcan' tage willbhe taken of ySor ayal's -warning against me. lier worals are of little counse Eequenecc either way. I and conme to several conclusions before olshe appeared, and hler words did not naffect tioe cunclrsions. P.:r don me for Ihaving intruded tupon yeu/for so long a time, and nccep~t my thfn..ks for theossistance you avec rendered me. I will now jin L?rd.Chbctwynd and his dis tingishlcd guest" lieraised his hat again with languid grace, walked away toward the house, andl moade hris woay to the grand oll library. Lord ObetwSynd and PIr. Tempest were stated at one of the tabics poring ovecr maps of China and Tartary. They looked up at Bisset's 'Come in, Mir. BiEsct,"' saidl the marqeuis, with theo courtesy thlat distinguished him. S." I bave not now come to interrupt your visit with Mr. Tempest, but to 'sk you to fplace a sadidle-horse atmy disposal. I desire to alsent myself upon. lthis business for. somec hours. Imay not be back until to. morrow?morning." oTake youreown time, Mir. Bisset," re aprndcd the marquis. "Come and go at pleasure. LHereis a night-key which yo u requested. I sall order one of my favoriie horses to be snddled immediately, and it shall be yours while you stay here," :: Lori Chetwvynd rang the bell and gave the requisite order. Mr. Ilisset waited until a servant announced that the horse was in waiting, and then took his leave, mounted, and rode down thrcavenue just as Miss Monkl aproachled the Irouse. ie raised his hat to ihe repcectfully, andti rode on. In a few minutes he had paused out of the lodge gates, and was on his way to the village f Chetwynd-by-S2a. Mr. ilisset did not stop many minutes at the village. IHe rode into the inn stable yard,and had a brief interview with a stable toy, and then rode out again and pushed on to Eastbourne. He had secured the adl dress of the flyman who had brought Bernice over to Chetwynd village, upon her last visit- to the Park. On arriving at East ourone he sought out this Ilyman, lie found tihe man communicative. In relly to his close questions heli learned that a young wviled lady had hired the fly in question on I the previous Thursday night, on the arrival 1 of the down express. She had arrived on that train. The driver had not seen her face. She was slender, a mere slip .r a girl, in fact, witi a sweet low voice, a grace. fil step, and a gentle, refined manner. The flyman was ready to swear that she was a lady. She hired him to take her to Chet. wynd.by.sea, and wait for her there two hours, agreeing to return with him. lie was not a man to task his beast for so long a drive at night without getting a double fare. lie drove the lady to Chetwynd vil lage. At.tha top of the street she had got out, bidding him drive on to the inn and wait for lher there. That was the last he had seen of her. " They say she meant-to give,yon the slip," said 13isset, artfully i "that tshe is a fathiier's daughter living out Chetwynd way, and offered yon the return fare as a halt." " She's no farmer's daughter," said the fly man, doggedly. "'ll swear to thrt. Why, she carried herself as proud asa queen. You couldt see she was usedr! to servants. And she didn't olier me the return fare as a bait neither. Site was a true lady, above lying, I'll ire bound." No further information was to he obtained from the flyman, but Mr. Bisstt did not np. pear dissatiofi·el, IIc gave tire man another shilling, and said: " What's the next station that the express stops atl" The Ilyman informed him, and the officer rode away, Etriking out briskly over the pleasant Susser. road on his way to Nuns. gate. In less than an hourne he rode up to the little country station at which Bernice bad booked herself for London. A train was Zxpected pretently anti the ticket agent sat in his oflice at the open ,wisdow. Mr. Bi:set left his horse in charge of a loni?ger, and then wene up to the ticket ngeit. "WherO to, sir I" said tie agent, briskly, as the detective's face darkenced the win low. "Nowhere in particular," replied the of. leer, good- natnredly. " IIC.-e n cigar, sir 2? I wish to tak:e the liberty to make an in. quiry which you may ie able to answer. Yesterday morning a young ltdy went nlo to London alono by train, and I am uneasy about lher. To tell you the truth, sir, shte went away quite secretly. Did rite go from this station i-a young lady dor sscd in gray. witl a doubled gray veil, and a grCy hat and feather." The ticket agent accepted the cigar, and recsponded : "There was nech a young ladly at this station early yesterday morning, sir. I did rot see her face, it being hiihin by the veil. She seemed to me as if she had walked long, and was tired out. Sihe went ip first. class, Iadies' coach, to London. Was it a runaway, s!r ?" " Something like that," smiled Mr. Bisset. ii Thanks. I em quite satisfie:!." lie" returned to iris lors,, mounted. and set out on his return to Ch'etwynd Park. it ivy business is concludedl sooner than I expectedl,"' himunsed. -I shall lre iack in time to dinss for dinner. Myex rcursion has Ieeill a success. The 'spectre' went tip to Tondon. 'Firstclasss.' A !ody evidently. ' Laaies coach.' Mcdest, I shou!d say," anti t:e detective smiled. lie returned to Chetswynd 'Park, nriiving in time to tirts3 for dinerr. 1'rullessly eqpilpred in drrss coat, whire eravat, tm bre!dereid shirt frint anlti line j-:weos, and wearing ihis eye-glass, he descended to the .Iranring-r"sm. After 'linner lithe naly returned to tihe drawing-lonsm. C(:u'?ec rns drank. Miss i' nrk pr'yel a hrilliant eo:eratie comirpsi tion, and sang a!3,. .Mr. Tei:post was in docel to r.ehearse rsome of iris adrenturts in foreign climes. Tte evening slipped away plcsa-a:dly. At eleven o'clock Miss Mo:nk re tired, and soon after (ilibert Monk, yawning over a story of lif.e nnd adventuire, nnli as anxlious for an itlerriesw with Lis sister a? site was ansxioas for an interview with him, also said good night and re tired. iMr. Tempest arose to follow their ex ii,. med enina5, ic remain a frew moments, sir," said tim detective, quietly. " I have something to say to Lord Chetwynd, and I believe his lordship leas sadmitted you, Mr.'Tempest,into his counsels." Lord Chetwynd assenute. Bisset went to the door, walking upion his toes, and listened. I1e locked the ldosr and re turned. "I have ascertained, my lord," lie said, in a business mannrr, tinhat the 'sipectre' of Oketwynd Park arrivedt from London, at asltbourne, on Tuesday night. She drove over to Chetwynd by-Sea in a fly, promieing to go back some two hours later in the same vehicle. BIecoming frightened at her near discovery by your lordship, shie did not go back in the fly, but walked to Nrunsgato, where she took, yesterday morning, the up express for London. She was alone through out, having no confederates. She is young, well-bred, a lady, and was dressed in gray, andl wore a double veil of gray grena diteo." Lord Chetwynd and lIr. Tempest were alike surprised at this store of information gained in such an sort periold. "Ii have reason to believe that the young lady his a den in this Irouse, or confede. rates," continacd lMr. Bisset. "For reasons of my own, I incline to the former theory. I believe that this 'spectre,' does not carry to and fro lier white silk grave gown, but leaves it here for use as wnted. Sihe cer tainly cangens Iher dress after iher arrival here, annd- before she gocs. The yeonig woman who came to Ea?tboulne clnd in gray, and vwecnt away trom Nunsgate chid in gray, are the same : and 1 know to my own satis faction, that shie is thie 'spectre.' Now she must h?e a ndrcssingrooma somcwecre. She knows thie house, as is provedl by her np pearaucOe in your lordship's room. She would naturally have her drcssing-room in this house, and as lonely a room as could he obtained. I desire to cnxamine thie garrets; my lor1, and to be nccompanied by your lordship and MIr. Tempest only. Can we go up to them unseen?" Chetwynd replied in the anirmative, rang for the butler, and ordered candles, which were brought and placed on the ball table. II We will go now, if you choose, Mr. Dis set," said the marquis. " The house is still. I am impatient to learn if ySour theory is correct in every point, and also to examine the white robe, if it be in the house. I lshall I:dmo if it be thie one my wife worc, if we really find it. Come." : H"e brought in the candles nod lighted them. Then he led the wary up by private stairs to thie ganrets, ilr. Tempest and Mr. Bisset following him. Both his lordship and the explosrer were anxious, trembling, excited; but tiset was calm and unmoved, ns-one who- marches: on to a certain vlctory.--('o be Ct?Oluidus ) :td) : 