IN AND ABOUT THE CITY. (From oar own Correspondent.) Adelaide, January 29. I think it is Charles Lever, m his ad mirable and rollicking novel of"Tom. Burke of Ours," who relates that in a certain company of the .grand old Cuir assiers of the French army, it is custo mary, in calling the roll, to include the names of departed heroes who were for merly members of the corps. The re sponse was left to the first living head of the roll-company, ? who jolemnly an swered for the "dead on the field of glory." ^ The efieot oan be conceived in vifa fetation-to the perpetuation of heroio " memories, the incitement to imitators of glorious deeds, and the heritage of the descendants of the illustrious dead. Now, it occurs to me, that this Bort of method should long ago have been v adopted in relation to our Legislature; and ainoe its numerical strength has been 60 greatly increased-without, it may be confessed, much ratio advanoe in quality -it would be more than ever valuable aB a corrective against DEGENERACY AND DECADENCE. It is not held by acute observers that our laBt .Parliament was composed in every particular of the best or greatest amongst; us; it is not contended even ,that all 'the members of the Parliament now Mi extremis are honourable or trust worthy. The prospect for the next Par liament does not give assurance of selec tion of the best and most capable; nay, . there is a profound certainty that elec ' tions will, in many instances, be the re sult of " odd tricks," and possibly the ^ .trickiest management of the eleotions ,J will be the most successful. Minorities will find themselves invested with the power of representation beyond all pre cedent ; and the resultant House of As sembly will be an olla podrida of unin-. formed, and unpolitical, and second-class entities. What can rescue legislation from mistake, the dignity of the Legis lature from unseemly burlesque, and ..the public welfare from hindrance, so well as the education of our legislators to a comprehension of responsibility, and incitement to behave as public men hav ing vesttH in them a national trust ? And pursuing my theme,-let me ask /.whether there could be a better educa ' tioh, a greater incitement to right ambi tions, thana recurrent memory of the t list of men who have led the van as " pioneers in our history aB a young and struggling community ? We are in danger of losing sight of the men who have made our. history what it has been. Yery few of the men of high intelligence and patriotic motive who endured, fought and won our present independence re train among us; and we have \- NEVER REPLACED THEM by men equally worthy. Nay, we seem to have essayed the task of filling up the seats in the Senate with buffoonery, open defiance of decency, and gross vioes to Buoh an extent that men who care for an unblemished reputation hesitate to offer themselves for the popular suffrage. But eurely, your gossip must have got up this morning with a greatly-disordered liver, or he would not have taken BO gloomy a -view- of- our great public institution .-popular , representation! Nay, he has only heard lately from two constituencies that distinguished themselves by election ^'of-what somehypercriticBcall "embodied blaguardism," as answering most truly the political sentiments of the locality. From one of these the tale comes of cross-firing with a bailiff, paying off with a valueless cheque; troubles consequent thereon ; a sale of a vote to Bquare pecuniary matters; recurrent difficulties with the bailiff; and disgust of the better sort of the electors. From the other the -series of incidents competes, with slight alteration of detail. There are other oases which vex one's soul; and the wonder sometimes creates a conservative 'ghost, who enquires whether 'unlimited f freedom in political institutions may not sometimes amount to a mistake I . . . Every now and then we in the city hear tumors of the resignation of the respeoted Police Magistrate, . " . . MR. SAMUEL BEDDOME, . and, indeed, I have heard that the Gov i 'erument anticipated receiving the vale diction about Christmas-time. Besides, an indefatigable place-hunter, who has been " in the service " a great number of years, and who was recently retrenched on the recommendation of the Civil Ser C vice Commission, has been putting him self into sedulous training for the suc cession. But the reticent and bluff veteran Samuel (who purposes starting on a visit to America in about six months) is in no hurry to vaoate his presidency over the roughs and slum population of the " City of Churches," and so anxious \- watchers and waiters on Governmental ~ ^providence are vexed to their souls.1 The . truth is that it is not greed that keeps my old friend at his post, but simply the fact that he has (like so many men of business) grown into a groove, fits it, j /.and would be unhappy the moment he got out of it! . . . Just now the NATIVES' ASSOCIATION " is having a kind of attack of patriotic hysteria in Melbourne, and will no doubt j^eed- all the ballast that ean be made available to keep it moderately within lines. To-day a grave and judicious observer, who is no soured hypochondriac, aBked mc " What do you think of the Australian Natives' Association ?" I replied with the modeBty that is my wont that J was only an onlooker, and neither a member nor a censor, but if asked for a judgment I should, at present, find it hard to determine whether it was an institution in earnest, or simply ephem eral-and only frivolous in its nature. I should like to hear his opinion. This he -showed no hesitation in giving. Said he: "I look upon it with the utmost anxiety. It has grown with surprising' rapidity, and its organization is very . extensive, especially in Victoria. Indeed, in that colony you cannot expctly say ihow far its ramifications extend. But What concerns me most is the underlying \- motive for its growth. I am persuaded Tthat though the majority of the members ;];do not at present entertain the idea, an " influential section of its most active n workers have practically in view SEPARATION ! And.unless there are wise heads to guide the Association there will be great trouble in store.-" . "Bat surely there are some considerable number of members with property, and therefore conservative in their instincts P" said I. "Yes, I sup pose there may be, and so long aB they ... are in a majority we are safe; but the . average young Australian has no true es f..,iimate of the value of our present re lations to the mother empire, and is about the most thoughtless and good humoredly. reckless individual that can be conceived of." "Oh," responded your gossip, "they have a very adroit and astute conservative in their president, SIR JOHN BRAT, and bis instincts, associations, and newly jreceived honors will make him a wary and effective opponent to extreme meas ures. He may not be very strong in his political conviotions, but he is power ful in his instinct of self- preservation; and there's more than sn ordinary degree Of aafety in that fact." " I grant you all that-j but he is by himself nearly, and will have an extremely difficult task to ; CURB EXTREMISTS and yet maintain an influential hold upon the Association." And I went away Bighing for poor little Sir John, but having confidence in his faith in Rose berry! . . , . In the hottest of hot weather the WESLEYAN CONFERENCE is Bweltering. It has sweltered in its en titities in getting into old Pirie Street Church ; it haB sweltered in the stiff im poundings of pews, with all their detest able accessories and precautions against ventilation; it has sweltered in itB ortho doxy and clerical costumej and it has sweltered over the " ministerial appoint ments !" Ah, no one but an ambitious j* pountry brother " knows the extent o{ that latter sweltering! " Anywhere and anything" is the motto of the self sacrificing and devoted apostles; but that means "congenial" and import ant; appointments suitable to individual status and talents! Ungodly outsiders, j who yet know a little of the machinery of Methodism, will not dare to suggest heart-burning rivalries, nor liken the "stationing" session to the popular athletio game of " tug-of-war;' I say they will not dare to suggest these things-whatever they may think 1 But if I have any strong feeling at all X ex pend it upon two absurdities-the period of the year when these sessions are held, and the clerical costume. 1 am told that the torrid mouth is selected because of the convenience of the farmers. By the middle of January their troubles are over and their cares are ended; their barns and storehouses are full, and their bankers omile upon them. That is evi dently the best time to adjuBt church finances and plot out extended aggres sive effort. Still the expenditure of sweat in carrying a conference through is a most heavy item. Then the costume of the ministers. Ah, me: conceive men in their senses going about with the ancient black bell- topper or chimney hat, the black cloth coat, vest, and trousers, and the usual deck-load of clerical dignity, with the thermometer recording 109deg. in the shade, and even then abstaining (out of consideration to one's feelings, I suppose) from recording all that it might. It is time that the conference undertook to pass sumptuary laws, making speoial provision for poor brethren who cannot be or look clerical without clothing ; or get another Joshua to adjust the sun; or last, and most common-sense plan of all, made another appointment as. to the season for holding their annual gatherings I have just met with a most splendid illus tration of ADVANCED SPntlTTTAlilSM 1 A beautiful manifestation, and a won derful consolation. .... Ah, is that the mailman ?-Au revoir. 