CHAPTER XYII m WE JtlSE THE SCHOOHEE if I he CENDEn into the cabin, walked str lghtto the door of Wilfrid s beriih'ancr knocked <1 ^'WTiojj there' 5 "X,"Charle ITiai e-news for jou ' '"'ComeiiS^comemJ 1 ' % J "I effiered^nf found^ilfnd m his "bunk* plopped ^on lus elbow^his eyep.loo'kmgj ? quivering lids and an odd smile twisted: Jus mouth into the expression of a saroastic grm. It was as ugly a loot m liim 1 f, la V v ® r seon > it gamed heavily Hi the effect it produced by his comparatively quiet manner. " "We are heading directly for Jier, of course ? \ " Finn has her about two points on the lee bow," said I. " SF tllat do ? " Ile exclaimed. Why, yes; hold a weather-gauge of Te chase, it is said; thougli I think wesliail behaving a northerly blast upon us : before tlie sun touches lusmeridian " & Is she the Slm{\ Gharles ?" ^ m ^^J 1110^ 1 ^over saw tlie vessel,' Wilf. But Finn and the chap on tlieV yard seem to liave no doubt of Jier, and' such agrjp of it that, spite of my having my coat on, it ached after lie had let go like an attack of rheumatism. "Now what say you % " said he, stooping, for lie w'as.-a .taller jnan than I, and peering and grinning close into my face '' You looked upon tlus . chase as-a crazy undertaHrig]; didn't you? The -sea>:was such;a mighty curcle, Charles J the biggest ship m the •vorld but an insigniiicaiit speck upon it, hey?" He let go of me and brought his hands cogcther,. ext-onding aad. slowly beating the au ivith themj with. Ms body rocking . I.. awaited.:. some- .passionate;ioutfly, but whether-his. thoughts.were.itoo'deep for words or that he was satisfied to think what at; another, itime ? lie ^niiglit have stoimed out with, lie held his peace. .Presently and very suddenly he abandoned his siiigular attitude and fell to . collecting articles of his clothing which he pulled on aS: though lie'would tear theiii' to pieces. •-^l'llvbe with youondecbinnnediately,'' said I, going to the door. But he did not seem to know that. I was present; all the time- he strained and dragged at liis clothes he talked to himself rapidly, £ieicelyj.pausmg"onceto;:sniite- his.thigh -With his open :liand ; foUowiiig- this- on w;th a low,,:deep laughj like that of a sleeper dreaming. : . ..." Well, thought 1 as I stepped out and went to my berth, whether it prove the jS7wm7; or not we shall have to " stahd"byi " as Finn hinted, for some, queer displays to day. I met Miss Jennings' maid in the cabin and asked if she was going to her mistress. She replied yes. "Then," said Ij "give her my compliments and tell her that we have raised a large schooner-yacht during the'night, and that Finn seems, to think she is the Shcir);." As I entered my berth 1 caught myself smiling over my fancy of the look that would come into the sweet girl's face wlien her .maid "gave her :-the message ; the brilliant gleam , of "mingled-: alafm; : tempeiv^astonishment; livelier, eyes; tliesudden flush: of Jier clieek and its paleness afterwardsj- theiconsteniation in the set of her lips and ..the; agitation ; ofrOiorijlittlo; i^asiuiiB^femtfftci^rbT^ flakes as she dressed. But in ,g0od sooth 1\. too. was feeling mightily excited once more; I had coolcd down somewhat since gomg'On:.deckand;viewiHg'the:distapt sail from the masthead ; now that I was alone and could muse, my pulse rose with my imaginations till it almost.came to my tlmikingof-'niyselfas-ontheeveofsome desperate and,:,bloody business; hoarding: a-pirate,sayJwiththechanceof,a.live slow match m his magazine, or cutting out: something-iheavilyparmed'faiid full of rneni under ;a..castle bristling' witlr artil^ lery. Supposing the craft to be the Shark, what was to .be.-the'issuers., The Jiiide would be recognised; and Hope- Kennedy was not likely, as 1 might take it;;to:,let; us float .-alongside of -Oiim' if he couldvhelp it.;; SupposeSwe- maimed her and compelled her -to "bring to ; what then' I had asked Finn tills question long before, and lie had said it would not cometo:aliand-tci-hand f sti.'uggle: But llow could he tell' If ire offeied to board ^iey^ighpMfeal^^fi^o single shot,: let alone a- wounded -or -a kiUed manj iru^lit raiBe. blood -enough- to end m as grim an afliay as ever J3ntish colours floated over.. Small wonder tliat my excitenient rosewifch all tJiese faneles and speculations. And then, again, supposing the stranger to be the Shall, there was, (to .me) the?.astonishing;;coniciden:ce : of falling in with her—picking her up, indeed, as though we had been steei ed dead rnto her. wake -by some : spirit hand insteadof: blundering'fon.^er-tliroughiastroke of luck which liad no more reference:,toJBinn's>.calculationsj.'and : s -sitions;andhopmgs;;tlian' , tothe,mdi'cations ot the nose of our chaste and gilded figure-head. When I went_ on deck I spied Wilfiid coming down the fore-rigging. He held, on rveij tightly and felt about^with his ;sprawling::feetvwith:unconimon:.cautiousness for the latlines ere relaxing his grip of the shrouds. Finn was immediately under him, standing by, perhaps, !tO;; , shoulderc.hnn-L,:,u^:';,3f, , ;; , h'e v ." p should^t"urn"' diz^y. They reached the'-deck and came: •fk - x . - J . J Si^WraiTO^ousness'and exertionand. disappointment, "and ;1 can't clnnb ^higher. J ^ "If She's^the I, 1 ^'you're eajie; : . . . , and - 1 ' —Tll'bc"-trange S wlSe plum'® : aie not loddmg -above that blue edgejiyi noon ^ i "Ay, ir, Tumbled Jinn, "specially; with that coming along,' pointing to-*the; North, wheie the weather looked Jieavy 1 1 ^ " iOf 1 ? TO i y.-yes, she is visible from the cross-fa-ees already. But SirWilfud can't get so high." Well, thought I, this should is allowed to liave. 1 went to the- taffirail and overhung it, watching the sky astern with an occasional nieehamcal glance at the wool-wiite spin 01 the.wake,' giisliiiig over the. surface of the jumble of the swell like steam from the funnel of a locomotive. It w as blowing a fiesli wind, though I guessed it would- slacken away soon ^to pipe up hi a" fresh slant presently. The yacht was a #ieat fabnc of cloths eveiy stitch abroad that would hold ail, and she drove tluougb like a,bit'of sleep walking, indeed wlieie m a man who awake could not look : down forty feet without desirmg to cast himself out of a window, safely and exquisitely treads a narrow ledge of roof as high as the top of London Monument. .••'• -'" 7 ••." i ;: I :was: startled from..my- reverie ;by an; : exclamation, .and .turning,saw him-hastilyapproachmg Miss Jennings, who had just arrived on deck He came to hei with his arms extended as thougli he would embrace her. ; •• - - -•;: • • . "Laura, have you heard ?" ' .'"' "Is it the Sh<mh, Wilfrid'" "Finn says yes. Slie exactly answers to the Shark's description. Hereabouts she should .-be ; • tliis is her. track. Yes, yes, it is the Shark. Would God it were Monday!" •-,:•• Theny-seeing- me looking, lie. bawled: ''Eh, Charles, what other ship should:.:she: prove?" Fore and aft—fore and aft-, of the Shark's burthen^ as you and'Fiiui say, a schooner, a pleasure craft by the colour of;Iier,'canvass" His face suddenly darkened, and lie said something to Miss Jennings, but what 1-could not gather. She half, turned away as if overcome by a sudden sense of sickness or famtness;:.:tlie- effect of some expression of fierce ]oj% I dare say, on his part, some savage whisper of assurance that his oppoitunity was not far distant now which acted upon her nervous system that trembled yet to the surprise of the news I had sent her through her. maid in her beauty just then that but for the feelings it possessed me with I might scarcely have suspected what a lover's heart I already aimed 111 my breast for lier.:. , The /.troubled , sweetness: 6f lier glances, her pale cheeks and hps, the sw lft rise and fall of her bosom, betokened consternation and the conflict of many emotions and, as I could not but tliink, a, subduuig :sense, of'Vlonehness; : WeU; I: must say I loved her the better for tius weakness of • spirit, ^ for .tlus • recoil- from, the. confrontment that she. ! had been endeavouring to persuade herself she was looking :forward;to;with :a longmg;fo"r it oiily a little'less venomous tlian Wilfrid's. NOT.LIIUK. X . (.1,F...;,....,!..; but the soul.of a fond, tender, chaste • womauj gentle ;m miiid .and of;a -iiatiii-e loveable, with the best weaknesses of hor sex, could go clad m such graces as she w alked in withal from her topmost curl of gold; to tlie full, firm, elegant little foot 011 which she seemed tofloat to the buoyant measures of tlie yacht's, deck. • : • :, -Wilfrid addressed lver- agam hurriedly and eagerly with :tlie>. gesticulations of a Jewin'-apassion. Slie'ansivered'eoftly,' continuously sending scared looks over thei yaclit's bow. Iliead himmametliis wifei" butit: was-iiotfor-metojom themnor to: listen,; so I overhung .the tafirail: afresh,, observing :-tliat even .now:-:there, was a noticeable weakening in the weight of the wmd,. whilst Abe;swing of the sweft feom a little to-;the, westward of- northwas growmg.more regular, a longer-and fullerlieave" with: an opalescent glance in the vapour : immediately over the sea-line as though -the weather was, clearing .,past the rim of "5fr Monson." > I turned Miss Laura stood by my side.. .. Wilfrid :liad left, tlie deck. .'"'Is .that- vessel that is said to be ahead of us the Sim h do you think'" " I wish I knew positively foryoursake .that I-might relieve your aaxfety.'^'s •:: 1 ' If; she should prove to be the vessel that my sister is m "—she drew a long tremulousbreath—f-'itwillbeamarvel-:. lous meeting, for I feel now as you have ;felt iill through—liow that thai; yacht is hi ii^K^mjIl^iimasj;;:^ ocean is a vast wilderness." She slowly-, lan her eyes, which weie still charged with'their scaredJool^along'thesea-lme' "Well, Miss'Jennings, liangnig and marriage go by destmy they say, and so does chasing a wife at sea apparently. 1 give you my word I am so excited I can """ But it may not be the SIml," "Wliy, no." "Ihope.itdsnot," she cried, staitmg ;±Oithe.srisesm-heE^oice'.withr.a*-glakce'-;'-at» "I can see that m yourface," said I ' 1 Oh', 1 hope.it is-not, and yet I wantit jto be the Shank top J1'Wilfrid!:niust r ieoover„ Oil, her shame ! her. shame;!- and'Alien to find ijic •jheie. A J ndwliatistohappen'" •Slimh %mlr f-houprli though," said iT (fJ ""Here "R*(iT^ we -IVA aie: "with a piogfamine ,.of Iambles = that ^ r "<!olonel'.'^ i gently "'What "have you to feai'f It 1 for tlie galled jade to wince "Why,: t other night you would li Ve shot Hope \ Kennedy liad^hetstoodoy) "before you 4 She ltji, 11 3 smile but the moi 11 lent of 1 jier'^^TOftl^laaed out Tiito'theirtex ? : A She .made 110 reply. Shortly afterwards the biea"kfast bell summoned us below. Ac table Wilfrid spoke little, but his mannei -was collected Whether it was that excitement w;as languishing iii him or! !that:Jie; jiad-.. nianged;#fm&fervlii; ™hat:be;said«w'as;Tational,-,'liiS;-words:and .manner iunclouded . 'by tliat hectic which w r as wont to give the countenance of a high feS'er to al! he ssiirl and did-wlien anything happened to. stir-liim up., lie v. ; assteni aud thoughtful, and it was easy to- -see that he -accepted tlie vessel ahead as the Shimlc, and that he w-as settling his plans. I .W'as . heartilv gRiteful for tliispostuie in hun I never knew anyo'no. so, fatigiiiiVg witli ; his Restlessness i,UBm.:iiHalf.auWurao£iu truggle.^vsne'migjitEmGjiisttpreBoni : seem otherwise. I talked very cautiously forfearofprovokingadiscussiontliat might heathim.-Oneeheaslcedmeinanarigiy witlim hun ofa sudden mood of wratlnntlia parcel; of words atojp which were bound to ;find the road out, whether I felt disposed now to challenge: his j'udgment, whether;!; wasistillof opnuon.tliatSie ocean was-too wide afield' for such a- chase as 1 ; this; and so' ony- proceeding- steadily but with -rismg warmth through the catalogue of my early objections to tlie voyage ;, but instead of answering lnm I .praised'.-the bit of virgin corned ; beef- off which I was breakfasting, wondered Why it was that poiJtry was always insipid at sea, and so forced, him back into his dark and collected silence or obliged him to.quit.liis subject - How_ever,liisiiu^ tion;long:fb;edi helped:ine;lierej:for']ie never attempted to .pick up t!ie end of the; r thread I had cut; though, - little as he spoke, two-thirds of what lie delivered himself of might have been worked into hot arguments but for iny cautious, answers.*.'••.';•'V;V'.: :: :'- : -.-;''''J I was not surprised on going on deck to find the wind no more than a liglit draught witli the main boom swinging to the long roll of the. yacht and flic canvasflapping with vicious snaps at sheet aud yard-arm. . The .water.,; seemed^: to wash Uiick ;is oil from the j-acht's sides," a dirty blue that went iiito an-oozy sort of green northwards. There was a deadness 111 the. lift of the swell that made you think : of au idiot shouldering his way through' a crow d, and the ej T e sought in vam for a .strealf- pf- fdain for the' reh^^ of the crisp vitality of.it. .>•:,'';: . ; V i:.. "Is that::wind or thunder, think you, Mr Crimp'" said I to the mate, whom I found in charge, whilst I pointed-to the' heaped-upfoldsof cloud-astern; thebrows. or which were not far . off ..the. central sty tliat, spite Of the sunshine, w i as blurred to. the very luminary himself with the shadow'ill: tlie north and with tatters and curls. aiidVatreaks': of rnsivv- bra^siKli v;LiKmv ; sulkilj'. floating southwards. . • \- " .Wind, or,thunder ? '' answered Crimp with a- dull, -indifferent look ; " well, 'tam-t tufted" enough'-for- thunder, - butthere'll be a breeze, I allow, behind this here swell." "_Aia we rising the chap ahead'" : Not noticeably. She'll have to shift her helium for us. for tliat to happen at this pace,", sending an askew glance over the side. . I - was'.leaving him. " Heard any. more woices ?" he asked. • . . .;• " "No, have you?",•:?jiiSs'i ; "No, and.dou't want to. It's been a puzzling; me;: , thoughj": :,lie- exclaimed, mumbling over a quid the juice of which had stained the comers of his mouth into so soiir a sneer tliat no .artist could have painted it better. ."':Teil'ee ^-liat it '- I'm agoing to beheve m ghosts?''- • ;' '- " You can't, do better," said- I ;; '.'..get , hold of a-gliost and it^^wdl : -escplaiii'everjv: t&ng;'oter'yim;":;;^ ." Well, 'tain't a childish notion anyhow. There's first class folks as believes iiisperrits. Wliat's.a.gliost like? Ne'er a man as .-I^ve: asked for-rads Icnows saving; the mute, ,who,descnbes'it'as a^houtline." " Wliat's -inside'bs r ®uthne '? ; "'';I askedv ^ •"'. ^yh3^ that there. Mufliri.can't get further than that. I says to him, how can a houtline speak ?. Look here, says lie, answer me this : supposeye;takes,a;;bOttle' :audsuckS:Out;alltheair:froniniside'ofit, what's leftl A wacuum says I. And .what's'a:wacuum?::sajS'he.:'Why,, Isays,:. says I, space, ain't it' I says. Andwhat's space? says he Why nothen, I suppose, I says, says I. Then says he, ,how.:can nothen-eiast:?:.'^ it do exist, because ye can point to the bottle and say theie it is So with a ghost,-=says lie..^-rit'sfa houtline with liothen emptiness -At;any;other,tmie:I',should:have;lmgely' •enjoyed an argument with, tliis acrid old of a- soiir, jirojudicedy ignorant salt, of nurtured yeaisy,whose -'Imowledge,of Jife JjiS^MglWiS'inji^miniraiSfpip (^anawwlio,'is' full'to the throat with the.sayiiigs.iuid:tlio :superstitions.-?of,i,thei^.-iorecss^.^;,Jacob: Ciunp was such a man. Indeed lie w r as Spesno^^^ia^el^^sh^.^ne^ieeEBq^ athwrarfetlie-otlrar/watli^ mg about them, that mo t happily corre . i : p.on&dt.;^th i! 4ihe-isulkyi l espr.ession!offlihiBi Jaee and. tthe growl of Ins voice ithat wa Hike a ea^bles ing Butitwa nnpo lble Sto 'thmk^of the choonertaheid and^ll sWi&^ii^mi^b^tetghostS^Iwleft^hims ? sails, which he followed on by ordering the topgallants,iii to be. rolled up and the gaff topsail hauled dowii. Wilfrid, who had., arrived on declc, stood haggardly eyeing these mancemies, but lie said nothing, contenting liimsel'f w-itli an. occasional look as daik as the shadow astern of us,, at the w-eather there, and a fretful stride to the rail and a stormy stare at the sallow oil-smooth water that.came, swellmgto^hecounter-aiidwasliiiig'tlie length of tliC: little ship in a manner tlnvt made her stagger at times most, abominably, , " Let that vessel prove wliat she may," said I', sitting do-ivn on a gi-atiiig. abaft the wlieel close to wluch he was standing, -',' -n-e appeir to have tlie ]iee"ls of hei 331 ^liglitjuaaj liff\v.ever, it may "be'-ftitL. liei in * "mw 0^"a0^0ll^l^^0'«-'!' , Iie'iiiqiuio-a in a churchyaid note i j " Why, '^saidj, C J- iras yuab now 212 fihe weslaeeamidfeun^im^oiiaagfaai&ottt;'. them, whereas bofore breajd'ast she was jnly ,visible 'from: the : topgallantyara'. "'.' He looked at me With a heavy, leaden eye,.and;said,"A:plagueon:tlie::wind t o p . " . A - ; : , : ' , : ' • ••'"• :: " We. shall liave. a :capful: anon," I cxclaimcd ; no need to wliistle for it. Mark liow it brightens doivn upon the sea-line yonder as that shadow floats upwards. That means wind enough to whiten tliis tumbling oiliness for us." He directed his gaze in a mechanical way towards the quarter in which I was looking, but said nothing. Miss Jennings came out of the companion. 1 took her band and brought lier to the grating. .:: "A strange', oppressive calm,"she cried; "liow sickly the sunshine is.!' Xature looks to be in as duli a mood as we are." \- " Wilf," said I, "if that schooiier is the' Shark, ..wliat w-ill j'ou do ?" j:,;/ '; -: "What would you do ? " lie. answered sternly, as though he imagined 1 quizzed •hini, when God knows I was in a more sober and. anxious humour than I can cxr •press; .-. - • -;':'• "Well, "said I, veiyquietly andgi-avely, when I got my yaelit witUm reach of lier glasses,; if I could manage it, I should signal tliat I wanted, to speak her." -:...: "Quite right; that's what I shall do," said he. ;.-.': :'.;.-..•;'.,' .."•••":'.;."'.:' . , "But after?" 1 exclaimed. .. "After what?" he cried. . ''"Why,,:confound it, Wilf, suppose she makes no response, holds on-all, as we say •at^ sea'i ianfl. bowls:. along without takuig the slightest notice of us?" .•.; .•.',• ;: He:ax)proached . meTclose, laid lus great hand upon my shoulder and thrust his long arm forth straight as a handspike pointing to the forecastle gun. "There's my answer to that," he cried in my eariii a voice as disagreeable as the sound of a saw.with , irritability ; "you, wished me to strike it dowii into the hold, d'ye remember? you were for ridiculing it from the moment of your catching sight of it; yet without that messenger to deliver my mind'.what'. ailF;v.-or lao Oil my God," lie suddenly cried, sniiting his forehead, "I feel as if I shall go mad 1 ' ;;^i'.H^drpssedv^CtliS,'^ and paced- it -alone. " Miss .Iermings ivas too much dejected by all this, by the excitement of the tnuo, by nervousness, grief, anxiety, to converse; nor;-indeed', was my mood a yery sociable onei ' vl pro-i ;cured a cliair-for her;: and presently found: myself alone, as Wilfrid was, wishing from the very bottom of my: heart that Colonel - Hope JSennedy was hanged^ her. ladyship in a liniatic asylum, and myself in my old West End haunts;again,^'-.though' somehow a nusgivmg as to. the accuracy of- this:last desire visited me on a sudden with the glance I just tlien'. happened to cast at Sliss Laura, who sat witli her hands folded uiion her lap, her head bowed m a posture of meditation that took an indescribable,: character of pathos from the expression on lier sweet face. It was now a little after ten o'clock. Crnnp, who: was: pacing • near; me . that 1 Wilfrid might .have the 'whole range of the w;eatlier quarterdeck to himself, suddenly rumbled out: "Here comes tlie was still ..upon the nortlij wliere,: at: the .very verge of the waters which :sluggishly, heaved Hke iuolteu lead under, the dark. canopy of vapour that overhung themy; tlie.sea was' rougheimig and wliitening.to the whipping of wind > which looked at -tliat- distance to- be ; coming -along m a straight line, though as it approached us I-witnessed.a.strange eflect of long fibnne feelers sweeping out of- tlie. hoarse, and rusliing ridges of foani which were, seetli-. ing towards, us, like darting-livid tongues of creatures hidden 111 the yeast behind, fappod':withi feothv that.made one tliinlc of the slender steniiof avessel ripprng fln-ough, popple was; all.-about us, hissing to our. counter, with a shriek of wind which flashed, with -such spite into- tlie ;g?eat space of- mainsail, and tlie whole.spread of. square topsail that tlie.yacht for a moment •tookTherion:her, quarter.;: Aitinstant she,, jplungefomvardi tlixowing from-eitlier, bow ;ar- raass:0f'':-creaming:sea:::the'::-sumimt:0f wluclr wentrspinningi'.liljer a^jsnowstormfaheadrofe^er;-"then>gatheianginnpu]se m :a she went.'sliding .through . it faster and •latter ^.et.WlJslie had;a wake;;like>'niilllace in chase of her It iva- a scene full of the life aud spirit and eality of tlie ocean aftei the pell of ulky calmw ith its dingy northern heaving; of water and it iiaze of we k, moist sun pigliiSKMie'isouthu;"audieast , .*&^^ fi ttof the \bla t came on deck, and Jellab wling, the sailors-sprang from ope to _iopes -with lively h»artine s,-^the slack jurrnmg _gearT'blow outVjn semrcircles, wiiielfwitlf ths'*curv£of thejcanva#^nd i,tl?e J 3eaH&f; «jnf£tsV fthepaftgswat: ^Bm^S 3^ ner, gavf look Spie^w^^^uslu^^abric^ometSi^i of^ier^vne^e^xwe io^&%wJio e'; ler own tr^eageager-jrushing^ air^o tp^^pe '^tauBeaiuer—mere^s^tructureof tnnber'a % (To be continued ^ ' c szXs&s; maM^I^ 