Mission at St. Stephen's. Christian Leader. Sunday last being Palm Sunday was observed at St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Cathedral with the impressive ceremonial ordained at the commencement of Holy Week. A mission was also commenced by the Very Rev. Father Alphonsug O'Neill, superior of the Paa- Bioniat Fathers of Sydney. Long before the service commenoea the whole of the ■eating accommodation was taken up, and a little later there was barely standing room. Forms had to be placed down the aisles and even then part of the vast con gregation hod to stand. The cathedral was draped in purple hangings, which round the altar were embroidered with gold. The archie pisoopal chair was draped with the same regal colour. During Holy Week the altar, except on Holy Thursday, is denuded of flowers and the crucifix is veiled. His Orace the Archbishop presided, and the Bey. Father Canali said mass. The ceremonial consisted of the blessing of the palms, the procession, and the reading of the history of the passion from the Gospel of St. Matthew. The blessing of the palms, designed to remind the faithful of the triumphant entry into Jerusalem, preceded mass, and consisted of several prayers, a lesson from the Book of Exodus, a portion of the Gospel 6f St. Matthew, a preface, and various antiphons. After this the procession, an act of homage to the Divinity of Christ, took place, the choir alternately singing "Glory, praise, and honour be to Christ, Redeemer and King." Immediately after the reading of the Gospel Father Alphonsus asoended the platform which had been erected near the pulpit. His voice, rather rich in its quality, showed no traces of age; and, joined to a manner at once earnest and unaffected, was deeply impressive. Having announced the order of his mission ho stated that his text would be found in the 29th and 44th verses of the 19th chapter, of St. Luke. In the course of his sermon ho said that that day they commemorated the most glorious entering of the King of Heaven into the city of Jerusalem. That was tho greatest entry that had ever been made into any city of the earth. There were no banners to wave in the air; no trophies of bloody battles to display. There was no covered way prepared for the passage of that procession—of all processions ever wit nessed tho most regal and royal. There was no music or instrument through which they could pour sounds of triumph. Christ entered Jeru salem boheld by a vast congregation, who in their enthusiasm tore down from the trees branches of palms, and with their own garments spread a carpet for him to pass over. The whole city resounded with Hosannas. When the swelling waves of people increased, the Pharisees in their envy and jealousy cried out to Christ to rebuke his disciples. The time for silence had, however, gone. But amidst all this great acclamation there appeared the calamities of the future which would fall on that city and that people. He saw too the terrible socnes of four days hence. He saw before him another Jerusalem than that which he was entering. He saw a beleagured city crushed down in fear and terror, and condemned to destruction. Very little power had the Hosannas over tho heart of Jesus. He knew all this outward display to be hollow and unreal. He saw before him the lofty buildings and heights of Morea, the seat of Herod, and the judgment-room of Pilate. But it was not his own suffering that pressed upon him, and brought tears to His eyes and Bobs from His sacred heart. As He gazed upon the city, whose gates were more lovely than the tabernacles of Jacob, the city of privi leges, the city on which for so many ages God had lavished His grace, He saw the city which had stoned the prophets, and was now about to sacrifice Him, and fill up by that act the full measure of its iniquity. It was not for the destruction of this oity that he was sorrowful; it wm for the wall He loved and was about to die for. Aa it was with Jerusalem, so it was with nations, families, and men. There was a time in the history of each when the kingdom of God comes to them. Woe to them if they should reject the grace which Ood sent in that Bupreme moment This Palm Sunday might be the last they would spend on earth. If their conscience was seared against the warning and promptings of divine grace, let them be assured that the signs of desolation and abandonment were coming in the soul. If they were in the habit of committing sin without any trouble of conscience, there was no surer sign of spiritual decrepitude and decay. The kingdom of Ood often comes to them in mission sermons, and the many aids which the Church offers. If they felt that these great means of grace had no effect, then, indeed, they had reason to think that the signs of destruction were nigh. Like the material temple from whioh Christ took his departure and uttered the memorable words, " I leave thy temple desolate," so it was he left the living soul, which was the temple of the Holy Ghost. Lest their desolate souls should be abandoned by God they should stand on their guard. They should beware of. the application of this terrible desolation, and should reflect if their heart was oolcl and. indifferent, and if the unseen realities of the .invisible and eternal world had no attraction, for them, they might depend that these signs of destruction were nigh. The shadows of evening were lengthened out, and the darkness of that night was approaching when, in our Lord's own words, man could work no longer. Therefore, whilst they could they ahould take heed lest the sun of .their spiritual life and iaith should set, and plunge them into a night upon which there was no dawn. In those solemn days the Church warned them of what was to come, and urged them to prepare their hearts to receive the grace of God. This holy week was the last in the order of time, and it should be the best. God required much more from them at this* time in proportion to the amount of grace they had received. Let them, therefore, for this week act on their feelings and return to God. Father Alphonsus concluded a very eloquent and pathetic appeal to his hearers and wished them a happy Easter and all the spiritual benefits of this time, which woald ultimately lead them to that glorious resurrection whioh is beyond the dominion ot either the grave or death. In the evening a vast congregation assembled to hear the Rev. Father. , The oathedral was crowded to excess. Not only were all the aisles and all-the available standing room taken np, but people had to have recourse to the altar. The service was again very impres sive, and the preacher was listened to with a rapt attention. His text was, " The poor ye have always with you, but Me you have not." The sermon was tinged with deep earnestness and was directed to illustrating the great and inestimable worth of the human soul. The Archbishop pontificated at the benediction. Mr. Gladstone if reported by Dr. Talmage as saying to the latter when he visited Hawarden the other day:—" Talk about the questions of the day; there is but one question and that is the Gospel. It can, and will, correct everything needing correction. All men at the head of great movements are Christian men. During tho many years I was in the Cabinet I was brought into association with sixty master ninds, and all but five of them were Christians. My only hope for the world is in bringing the human mind into contact with Divine revela tion."— 