TEE » VENI SANOTE SPIRITUS.' [By Rosalind Gillette.] It was about the year 1000, and during those troublous days in France when the priesthood were struggling to regain their property anl the power which the usurper, Hugh Cap at, bad wrested from them that this wonderful hymn was written by Robert the King, sou and successor of Csime. This Robert was accounted a saint, a poet, and a musician, ard the following hymn, the translation of which is made from a German version of it by Katharine Wink worth, attests bis poetical gift at least- The original hymn wa? written in Latin, and is considered one of the fineBt of the old Latin hymns. Archbishop Trench says of it : — ' There is no good re&Bon; to donbt this King wa3 the author of the ' Ve&i; Sancte Spiritue,' a hymn that the best living authority regards aa ' the loveliest of{all hymns in the whole circle of Latin sactei poetry.*' Miss Winkworth'a translation is considered the fia6at version of it in the English language. O Holy Ghost ! Thcufire Divine ! From highest heaven oa us down shins ; Comforter, be Thy comfort mine ! Come, Father of tbe poor, to earth ; Come with Tby gifts of precious worth }I Come, Light of all of mortal birth ! Thou rich in comfort ! ever blest The heart where Thou art constant guest, Who giv'afc the heavy laden rest. Come, Thou in whom our toilia sweet, Our shadow in the noon-day heat, Before whom mourning flieth fleet, Bright Sun cf Grace* Thy sunshine dart On all who cry to Thee apart. And fiil with gladneEB every he.att. Whate'er without Tby aid is wrought, Or skilful deed, or widest thought, God counts it vain and merely nought, O cleanse us that we sin no mote ; O'er parcted bouIb Thy waters pour ; Heal the sad heart that acheth sore. Thy will be outb in all our ways ; Oh, melt the frczan with Thy rays ; Call home the lost in error's maze, And grant us, Lord, who cry to Tb.ee, And hold the faith in unity, Thy precious gift in charity. * That we may live in holiness. And find in death our happiness, And dwell with Thee in lusting bliss 3 