A True Gliost Story. We all say we do not believe in ghosts, in spirit rapping, or any such nonsense, bnt not one of yon oan dare to say there is any nonsense in Fan's illness. Yon eee how weak Bhe is, yon know how ill she has been ; snppose I jnst tell yon the oanee of it. After travelling abroad, mother, Fan, and I decided to settle down in some small country plaoe, and be qniet for a timo. We were in the beet of health and spirits, for the summer had been spenthigh up in the Swiss mountains — a week at Lee Avante, a fortnight of real peasant life at Finbaut, some days on the top of tbo dreary and desolate Colde Balme, and a retain to her old friends had been a long thought- of wish. After a month's searching we heard Of a house at Blakodown, whioh promised to suit in every way. It was " to be let" ready furnished, and, as we were, not qnite sure whether we could entirely give up the pleasures of a roving life, whioh we had led together lor nearly half a dozin years, we were only too glad to take a house which we could leave at any time with all its belongings. Blakedown itself is a small plaoe, half towa, half village, some 13 amies room the midland capital, and just past the borders of the Blsok Country. Our new home proved a coBy, oomfortable dwelling, "jnst nice for a yoang married couple," had been my remark on entering, at whioh mother and Fan had giggled, beoanse they oall me the " old maid." Anyhow, the house suited me in every way, and I was the partionlar person to ha oonBnlted, beoiuse of my profession — I am an artist — that is, I mean to be one. My part of the house consisted of a bedroom over the drawing-room, aud the dressing-room, now called a studio, led out of it. The dressing-room was oleared of its fur niture, and in its p'aoa was pat my big easel, a hare whitewashed-looking canvas, a hard three- legged stool, a table, upon whioh was my paint box with its dilapidated tubes of paint. My gaze around was one of content, for I meant to work there. Perhaps the bedroom did not please me so much, the window being small, lighting the room badly, and the bed was a four-poster of the most antiquated form, and takiog up almost two-thirds of tho Bpace. The first few days I shared mother's room, so that she might get acoustomed to her ne v surroundings, and the evening before I went to my own room to sleep for tho first timo we spent together, ooslly ohatting over a bright fire till rather late. No one seemed sleepy ; even mether never BnggeBted going to bed, but would talk of the happy homo we were going to make there, of the good fortune that had at tended ns and brought us bo soon into suoh a peaoefol haven. But musing must oome to an end, bo with an effort I sprang up, gave mother and Fan a perky kisB, and was on my way up stairs, oafiing after them " You two had bettor hurry to bed ; it's almost 12." My glance was an admiring one as I gazed round my room, in spite .of the ponderous- looking bed. Everything was so substantial, aud as I turned off the gas I gave a contented sigh, and must have been soon asleep. Was it a dream I had? It was hard to convince myself at the time. Now I know it oonld not have been. "When morning oaine, and I was wide awake, my head was aohiug violently, and seemed to prove that the night had been spent in struggling. Even as the day went past the miserable feelings awakened in me never left me, and in the end I was compelled to tell Fan abont it. She laughed well at my fears, for really after all I had little to tell beyond this, that, having boen asleep, I was awakened by a heavy hand being plaoed on my ohest, and had felt myself being dragged from the bed. I dofled again, but still the same sensation pursued me, I felt a felt a little childish wheu I found this was all I had to tell, but Fan was sympathetic, and offered to sleep in my room the next night to prove to me that all had been the result of indigestion. Neither of us told mother, but the next evening we sat by the fire, a _ little silently, and ended by going to bed earlier, I to Fan's room, Fen to mine. Next morning I woke refreshed, and dressed, crooning to myself. The morning was delight fully fine, and my first thought was " Now for a stroll round the garden," bat before going downstairs I stepped aoross the oorridor, and tapped at Fan's door. It was Bhnt, and I re ceived no answer, bat knowing so well her lovo of a ran into the fresh air before breakfast, I oonoluded she was the early bird for once, but to make snre I opened the door. Fan was lying on the flonr — all the bedolothos were off the bed. Quiok as lightning I fetohod mother, and together we lifted her up. By degrees we succeeded in bringing her out of the faint into which she had fallen. We afterwards plainly saw marks — one, two, three— having tho shape of hands on her ohest. These marks looked like braises. All that day poor Fan was too weak to tell us anything, and tho hours dragged wearily on as wo waited, plainly sooing that she wished for strength to toil ns. This is what I after wards managed to gather : On getting to bed she went to sloep quiokly, only, however, to awaken with the feeling that someone had entered the room. She was so sure of this that sho eat up and looked round.' Seeing no one she lay down and dozed, only to awaken w'th a fuller oonsoiousuess that someone was there, nearer, oh ! muoh nearer than before. Again sho tried to sit up, but the effort was too great, for something reeiatod her. She wae forood down, and thon bogan a fearful struggle. Something— some presenoe — desoanded on her wiih outspread hands. These were pressed tightly upon her ; all waa horriblo, and sllb lost oonsoionsncss. Wo went as scon as possible to London, and consulted a physician, for Fan lay for weeks at the point of death, and ovon now sho is far from strong. I havo sluoo learnt all I oan about that house, ahd I draw my own conclusions. It was built and furnished by a young Mr. Oollis, who died at Badliugton's, the home for lunatles and silly people at Wordesloy, a month or so before we took the placo. He had lived there ever sinoe his marriage, uutil ho was taken to tho asylum — only fiva days before his death. People say that those fivo days ho was raving mad._ But this is tho story: His marrisgo, whioh look placo eight years ago, hal been deferred two or throo times on account of tho lady's woak health. A t last too wodding- doy arrived, tho honeymoon was plaauod, and our houso was to bo the happy pair's future home. Tho oeromony ended, tbo bride, who bad borno herself bravely, was stopping into tho curriago when sho foil, only to be taken up —dead. Mr. Oollis took his dund brido to his house, their home that was to be, aud oirriod her upstairs to uiy bodrocm, the room iu whioh Fan slept that one fatal, night. There, with all that remained of her he loved; Mr. Oollis Hayed. He'flta nothing, said nothing ; all day and all-bight he stayed there, but on the third night he was heard making fearful groans and noises, and was found— hogging the oorpse Ho was perfectly insano. The years after dragged wearily on, bnt he never, for a day, oompletely reoovorod. What more oan I odd ? Is it that his disem bodied spirit, not finding his beloved in the dark regions to whioh he has b3en hnrriod, rotarns, vagnely seeking her in that ohamber where he had last olasped her mortal frame ? A.J. 