THE WORLD'S DESIRED ST H. WDEIt HAQQAItD AND ANDREW DANG. Hcl am vcro\>rjiWi'ta!</n Jhiwhidicat tcinjntr. — biinvius. JEneio tl., 201. fiykemro of previous chapters. Uljruca, or Odjuscu, afUt tho fall of Troy, nud Jria 'return t« Ichnna, has boon directed by tlio gods to wander «vcr tlio earth in -expiation of certain nlFcnccd against-thum. He rotuivji to Itlmca to llnd it dosu- lata; Iks palace in ruiiw; Ilia wife, llin friend;!, tuul -liu people gone, in a Vision lie seen anuiieura von vim, Who direcUbim to go eouthwnrd, and sack-fdr Helen of Troy, whom he will know by the Bleeding Star of Lovo which she'wean ou her breast, and whom he loved before aho became the bride of McQclaui. A -golden cup of Nepenthe stands beside Ulysses ou awaking Irom hia trance, and drinking it he forgets 'tho imet and its sorrows, and thinks only of thu quest Vhioh Venus luw ordained nnd tho reward she has promised. Socking uranup the ruins of his palace he . nuds tho secret inner treasury still intact, und dou- <ning his goldtfn armour and taking his famous sword -ana bow, he goes forth. Falling asleep on thu rucks of the coast, tho gleam of his golden armour attracts the notice of the crew of aSidonitm vessel bound to Egypt. They steal ashore, noose him asleep, nnd aftct a desperate struggle capture and convey htm on board, their intontion being to noil him as a slave to Pliaruoh. A storm nrisiug, thu ercw would have cast him overbourd, but the captain interferes. The strength of Ulysses returning, ho unties tho cords which bind bim by the aid of tlie knowledge imparted to him by tho encnoiitrcm Circe, and seizing his bow and sword, which have been bung in triumph from tho mast, lie slaughters the EiduaJans all but two, sparing tie life of tho captniu. who in the light has uriven a bronze spear-beau through his golden helmet, and leaving haugiug to tho mast alivo u man whoso hands ho has pinnud to tbo spar by a tqwur- thruHt. Taking the tiller lie steers to tbo mouth of the Nile, whero his Htraueo appearance and cai-go excite great wonder. He gives u fatso name, is wel comed by Die Egyptian hicli priest Kei, and Ik intro duced to tho King Phuraob Meuejituh and his wife. Queen Hcriiimuu, The queen dmplayd gieit ngita- tion on beholding Ulysses, and in a conildcutial inter view with Hoi, Ulysses learns tho reason und her \- -story. Mcriamuu is the luilf-sistcr of Moueptah, but . -in accordance with the Hoyal Egyptian custom, was \- scloetcd by her father, when Pharaoh, as tho wifo of the heir to tho crown. Mho submitted to the marriage, ' though hating Mcuephtb, who is dull nnd slow-witted in cotnpariH.iu with her. McuopLth himself, at llrst fearing, anil afterwards hating, Alcriaiuun, also cun- \- -Boles himself with a mistress, who, becoming openly insolent, is openly poisoned by Jlemimm at a ban quet before the sing, to whom iriio bids haughty defiance. Then by her magic incaututimiH with the help of Eei, sho recnlls the spirit of the poisoned woman in order to make her foretollher (Mummtui's) destiny. Tho dead woman speaksaud tells a story of lone, anguish, and suffering, and gives Meriamun thu token that tho man who shall win her love und bo her life's sorrow will present himself to her in a golden helmet with horns und a bronze spear-head fixed in it. Tho high priest having concluded tho story, Ulysses asks him wluit inference lie draws from the \- mystic token and hisown apparent fultllmeut thereof. Bel replies that ho believes Ulysses (who isknown to him by tho narao of Eperitus) is the man who is to bring the doom of lovo anil loss to Queen Mcriamun and of death upon himself. He exhorts Ullysscs to return wlicnco no came, but this the latter cannot do, saying tlint he seeks not tho lovo of the (lueeu, but another love, and must seek her tittho dies. There after going to tho royal banquet, Ulysses keeps on Ida armour and returns Jus sword and bow, being warned by tho magiu song of tho latter that war is at hand. In the midst of the banquet enter, despite the guards of . the palaces, two . envoys of the Hebrews, then .retained as slaves in Egypt, and demand of Pharaoh that he shall let Jehovah's pcoplo go. re minding -.him of tho nine plagues which havoalrcfldy been brought upon tho land of Khetu (Egypt), in consequence of his jcfusjl, and warning himtnatif he still refuses, Jehovah will smite the first-born of the laud, from tho household of tho Prince to that of the slave. Plmruuh is about to grant tho demand wben the Queen interposes, declares that tho jdagucs which have fallen ou the land arc doo to the anger of tbo gods ut tho worship of tbo people ofantrnugo und beautiful wotnun who hn#s como mysteriously from the North, and estab lished hccSelf in the city os the Divinity of l/ive, usurping the honour nnd worship due to the Divino Hathor. Meriamun doclnren that the plagues w.ll never cease until the woman is slain, and that she ncodsiho services of tlic Anura slaves (the Hebrews) to build mure cities for her. Tho Hebrew envoys arc thereupon dismissed with a flat refusal of tlmir request, and Ulysses, desiringto knowmoiaof the itrunge and beautiful woman worshipped as liuthtir, Pharaoh tells him the story. Tivcuty-thrco years before, in tho reign of liis father, the priests of tho Divine Hathor luid fuund iutlie inner sanctuary of their temple a woman fairer tlmn human eye had ever before beheld. Hhe smiled sweetly, nnd Rang with such sweetness that lill who beheld her were smitten with the madness of love, nnd eagerly sought to come to her; but mysterious powers forced them hack, audwlicnany urndly persevered, tlicclang of swords _ was heard, nnd the -intruder fell dead, but with never a wound mark upon him. The prieata nnd people declai-ed tliut tlie woman waa ' tho Divine Hathor herself eoino back to earth, and worshipped her ns tho goddess. Tiiis endured for three years, and thou one morning tho place of thoStrango Hither was fuund vacant— she had departed as mysteriously as sho came. Twenty years afterwards a messenger carao to thu King announcing that -the Uoddess had returned, and 10 himself kuw her beauty und heard hi-r voice, andwould have pressed to her, but was .forced back by the mysterious powers thiit guarded her, uml fearing death, he had never again beheld her. Meriamun nducd that the titiange Hatluir was no goddess, but a mere sorceress, and that a man would yet be found to break through her npells and slay her. Ulysses, sho thought, might bo such a uuiu, but ehc advised hiui not to gu up ugninstthc Korecress, lest he, too, might be bewitched nnd lost. Ulysses hinted that the help of the gods might aid him in tho undertaking, but that so beautiful a woman was fitter for love tnandcitli. This aroused the Queen's jealousy, und she declared that assuredly tho witch should be slain, BOOK H. Chapter II. the niqiit op dread. Tbo feast dragged slowly on, for Fear ivos of tho company. Tho incu and women wcro .silent, and when they drank, it was as if one had poured a little oil ou a dying firo. Lifo flamed up iu them for a moment, their laughter camo like tho crackling of thorns, and then thoy were silent again. Meanwhile tho Wan- derer drank little, waiting to sco what should oomo. But the Queen was watching him whom already her heart desired, and sho only of alltho company had pleasure in this ban- quot Suddenly a rido-door opened behind tho dais, thcro was a stir in tho hull, each guest turning his head fearfully, for all expected sorao otfi Ridings. But it was only tho entrance of those who bear about in tho feasts of Egypt anefligy of tho Dead, tho likeness of a mummy carved in wood, aud who cry, "Drink, O King, and be glad, thou shalt soon bo oven ns he! Drink, and bo glad." Tho stiff, swathed figuro, with its folded hands and gilded face, was brought before tho King, and Menoptah, who had sat long in sullen brooding silence, started wlion ho looked ou it. Then ho broko into an angry laugh. " Wo linvo littlo need of thoo to-night," ho cried, as ho saluted the symbol of Osiris. " Death is near enough, wo wantnot thy silent preaching. Death, Death is near !" Ho foil back in his gilded chair, and let tho cup drop from his hand, gnawing- his beard, " Art thou a mau ?" spoko Mcriamun, in a low, clear voice, " are you men and yet afraid of what comes to till? Is it only to-night that wo first hear tho natno of Death ? Remember tho great Men-kau-ra, remember tho old Pharaoh who built tho Pyramid of Ilir. 3Io was just and kind, and ho feared tho Gods, and for his reward they showed him Death, coming on him iu six short yoars. Did lie scowl and tremble, like all of you to-night, who aro scared by tho threats of claves ? Nay, lie outwitted the Gods, ho made night into duy, 'he lived out twice bis years, with revel and lovo and wine in tbo lamp-lit groves of persca trees. Come, my Siesta, let us bo merry, if it bo but for an hour. rink, ond bo bravo !" "For onco thou 6poakest well," said tho King. Drink and forget; tho Gods who givo Death givo wino," and 1ub angry eyesrauged through tho hall, to seek some occau'oii of mirth and scorn. "Thou Wanderer!" ho said, suddenly. " Thou drinkest not ; I havo watched thoo as tho cups go round ; what, man, thou earnest from tbo North, tho sun of 'thy pulo land has not heat euough to foster tho vine. Thou soemest cold, aud a drinker of water ; why wilt thou bo cold beforo thine hour ? Como, pledge mo in tho red wine of Khem. Briug forth tho cup of Paslit !" ho cried to -them who wailed, " bring forth tho cup of Fasht. tho King drinks !" Tlion the chief butler of Pharaoh went to tho treasure- house, and came again, bearing a hugo golden cup, fashioned in tho form of a lion's head, and holding twelvo measures of wiuo. It was an ancient cup, sacred to Pasht, and a gift of tho Rutennu to Thothues tho Greatest of that name. Fill it full of unmixod wiuo !" cried tho King. "Dost thou grow palo at the sight of tho cup, tiiou Wanderer from the North ? I pledge thee, pledge thou mo !" XV ay, King, said tho Wanderer, " I hava tasted wino of Ismarus beforo to-day, nnd I Lave drunk with a wild host, the Mau Eater !" For his heart was angered by the King and he for- got his wisdom, but the Queen marked tho flaying. "Then pledge me in tho cup of Pasht!" quoth tho King. "I pray thee, pardon mo," aaid tho Wan derer, " for wino in alios wi6ti men foolieh and strong men weak, and to-night inethinks v/o shall need our wits andour strongih." "Craven!" cried (to King, "give mo tho bowl. X drink to thy hotter -courage, Wan derer," nnd lifting tlio grant golden can, ho took up and drunk it nnd thon dropped stng- coring into hin chair, Ida heed fallon on hia lireant. "X rony not rcfuso a king'a chnllengo, though it is ill to coatond with ourdioats," said the Wandtrcr turning somowbat palo, for he was in augar. " Givo mo tho bo wl . ' Ho took tho cup, and held it high t then pouring a littlo forth to liisGods, ho paid, in a cloarvoico, for ho was Btirrod to anger beyond bis wont : ' " I drink to ti c Strange Hathor! Ho spoke, and drained tlio mighty ©up. aud Tiot it down on tho . board, and evminaholiud down tho cup, aud as tho Queen looked nt bun with eyes ot wrath, thcro camo from tho Bow bosido his feat u fniut shrill aouud, a ringing und n singing of the Bow, a noise of mimmg strings aud a Bound as of rushing urrows. Tho warrior heard it, and his eyes burned with tho light of buttle, for ho well know that tho swift shafts should boou fly to tho hoarta o£ tho doomed. Pharaoh awoko nud heard, aud lioard it tlio Lady Mcriamun, tho Quceu, and sho looked ou tlio Wanderor astoniBhed, and looked on tho Bow that sang. " Tho minstrel's talo was truo ! This is nono other but tho Bow of Odysseus, tho eaekor of cities," said Meriamun. " Hearken thou, Epontus, thy great bow Rings aloud. How coiuos it that thy bow sings r" "For this causo, Queen," said tbo Wan deror, " becauBo birds gather ou tho Bridge of War. Soon ahall shorts bo flying and ghosts go down to doom. Summon thy Guards, I bid thee, for foes are near." Terror conquered tho drunkenness of Pharaoh : ho bado tho Guards who stood bohind tho chair summon all their company. Tliey weut forth and a great hush fell upon tho Hall of Bauquets and upou those who sat at meat therein. Tho eilcuco grow deadly still, liko air beioro tho thunder, aud men's hearts sank within them, aud turned to water in their breasts. Only Odyssons wondered and thought on tho battle to bo, though whence tho foo might como ho know not, and Moriauiuu sat oiect in her ivory chair and looked down tho glorious hall. Deeper grow the silenco anu deoper yet, and more nnd moio tho cloud of fear gathered iu tho hearts of men. Thon suddenly through all tho hall thcro was a rush like tho rush of mighty wings. Tho doop foundations of tho palace rocked, and to tho sight of men tho roof nbovo seemed lo burst asunder, nnd lo ! above thorn, against tho inky bluckucas of tho sky, tlioro swept a shapo of. Four, and tho stars siiono through its raiment. Thon tho roof dosed in again, and fcr a moment's spaco onco moro there was silonce, whilst mou looked with white faces, oaoli ou each, nnd oven the stout heart of the Wuudcror stood stilt, 'jhcnsuddouly all ndown tho hall, from tlus place aud from that, roeu rose up and with on© great cry fell down dead, this one across tho board, nnd that ono on tho floor. The Wanderer grasped his bow and counted. From among thoeo who sat at meat twenty and ono had fallen dead. Yet those who lived sat gazing emptily, for so stricken with foar wcro thoy that scarce did each ono know if it was lio himself who lay dead or his brother who had sutby his sido. But Meriamun -looked down the hall with cold oyes, for she foarod neither Death nor life, nor God nor man. And while sho looked and while tho Wan deror counted, thero roso a faint murmuring sound from tho city without, a sound that grow nnd grow, tho thuudor of myriad feet that run bol'oro the denths of kings. Then tho doors burst asunder aud a woman sped through them in hor night robes, and in her arms sho boro tho naked body of a boy. " Pharaoh!" -sho cried, "Pharaoh, and thou, 0 Queen, look upon thy son — thy first born son — dead is thy son, O Pharaoh. Dead is thy sou, O Queen : In my arras ho died as I lulled him to his rest," and sho laid tho body of tho child down on tho board among tho vessels of gold, among tho garlands of lotus flowers and tlio beakers of rose-red wiuo. Then Pharaoh roso and ront his purplo robes and wept aloud, and Merinmuu roso too, and hor oyes wcro torrible with wrath and ffricf. " Sco now tho curse that this ovil woman, firia false Hathor, has brought uoou ub," sho said. But tho very guests sprang up crying: "It is not tho Ilatlior whom wo worship, it is uot tho holy Hathor, it is tho Gods of thoso dark Apura whom thou, O Queen, wilt not let go. Ou thy head and tho head of Pharaoh bo it," and ovon as they cried tho murmur without grow to a shriok of woo, a shriek so wild and terriblo that tho Palaco walls rang. Again that shriek roso, and yot a third thno. Never waa such aery hoard in Egypt. And now for tho first timo in all his days tho faco of tho Wanderer grow whito with fear, and in fear of heart ho prayed for succour to his Goddess— to Aphrodite, tho daughter of Diouo.j Again tho doors bchiud them hurst open and tho guards flocked in— mighty mon of foreign lands, but now their faces were wan, their oyes stared wide, and their jaws hung down. But at tho sound of the clanging of thoir harness tho strength of tho Wanderer camo back to him again, for tho Gods aud their vengeance ho feared, but not tho sword of iuan. And now onco moro tho bow sang aloud. Ho grasped it, ho bent it with his mighty kneo, and strung it, crying: " Awake, Pharaoh, awake ! Foes draw on, S&v;, bo thoso nil tho men Then tho captain answered : " These bo all of tho guard left living in tho palace. Tho rest aro stark, smitten by tho angry Gods." Now as tho captain spake, ono camo running up tho lmll heeding neither the dead nor tho living. It was tlio old priest Roi, tho com. maiulcr of tho Legion of Amen, who had boon tho Wanderer's guido, and his looks woro wild with foar. " Hearken, Pharaoh," ho cried, " thy people He dead by thousands in tho streets — the houses aro full of dead. In tho temples of Ptah and of Amun many of tho priest! havo fallen dead also." " Hast thou more to tell, old man ?" cried Uio Queen. " The talo has not all been told, O Queen. The soldiers aro mad with fear and with tho sight of death, and slaj' their captains; barely havo I escaped from tho&e; in my coinmaud of tho Lemon of Amcu. For they swear tluit this death lias been brought upon tho land because Pharaoh would not lot tho Apura go. Hither, then, they come to slay Pharaoh, and theo also, O Queen, and with them como mnuy thou- sands of people catching up such arms as lio to their hands," Now Pharaoh sank down groaning, hut the Queen spako to tho Wanderer : " Anon thy weapon sang of war, Eporitus ; -now war is at tho gates." " LitUo I fear tho rush of battlo aud the blows men doul iu anger, huly," ho mado answer, " though a rami rany fear tho Gods without Shame. Oh, guards, close up — closo up round mo ! Look not so palefaced now death from tho Gods is dona with aud we havo but to fear tbo sword of men." So great was his mien nnd so glorious was his face as ho cried thus, and ono by ono drow his loug arrows forth and laid tliein on tho board, that tho troinbliiu; guards took heart, and to tho number of fifty uml ono ranged themselves on tho edge of tho dais in a double lino. Thon they also inado ready thoir bows aud looseued the arrows in their quivers. Now from without there came a roar of men, and anon, whilo thoso of tho house of Pliaruoh, and of tho guests and nobles who sat at tho feast and yet lived, fled bohind tho soldiors, the brazen doors wero burst in with mighty blows, aud through them a great unued multi tude surged along tho hall. Thcro came soldiors broken from their ranks. There camo tho cmbalmorsof tho dead ; thoir hands weroovcr lull or work to-mgnt, hut thoyictt their work undone. Death had smitten eorao even of these, and their fellows did not shrink bnclc from them now. There camo tho smith, black from tho forge, and tho scribe, bowed with endless writing ; and the dyer with his purplo hands ; and tho fisher from tho stream ; and tho stunted weaver from the loom 5 and tho leper from tho tcraplo gates. Tiioy wcro mad with lust of life, a starveling lifo that the King had taxed, when bo lot not tho Apura go. They wero mad with fear of death ; thoir women followed thorn with dead children in their arms. Thoy smote down tho goldou furnishings, thoy tore tho silken hangings, they east tho empty cups of the feast at thn faces ot tho trembling ladies, aud cried aloud for tlio blood of tho King. " "Where is Pharaoh thoy yelled, "show us Pharaoh und tho Queen Mcriamun, that wo may slay them. Dead aro our firstborn ; thoy He in heaps, as tlio fish lay when Sihor run red with blood. Doad aro they bccnusa of (lio curso that has hflmi hrnimhf tinnn lis hv thn nrnnhnt of thn Apura. whom Pharaoh aud Pharaoh's Queen yet hold in Khem." Now as thoy cried thoy saw Pliaraoh Moncptnh coiveriug behind tho double lino of guards, nnd thoy saw tho Queen Meriamun who cowered not, but stood silent above tho din. Then sho thrust hor way through tho guards, and yot holding tlio naked body of tbo boy to hor breast, stood before them with eyes that flashed moro brightly tlmu tho Uracus orown upon hor brow. " Back !" vb1uj cried, "back! It is not (Pharaoh, it is not I, who havo brought this death upon you. For we, too, havo death Siero !" and she hold up the body of her dead son. "It is that falso Hathor whom yo wor ship, that Witch of many a voice and many a faco, who turns your hearts faintwith lovo. For hor -sake yo enduro theso woes, on her hend is yillyn p-nafb, Go, tear h&rtcinple; «ton« from stono, and rond h:r beauty limb from limb, and be avenged and free tho land from curses !" A moment tho people fitood and hcarkencil, muttering, un stands the lion that i3 about to spring, while those who pressod without cried : " Forward ! Forward ! Slay them ! Slay thorn !" Then as with one vuico they " Tho Hathor wo lovo, but you wo halo, for yo havo brought theso woosupou us, and yo shall die." They cried, they brawled, they coat footstools and stones at tho guards, and then a certain tall man among tluundrow a bow. Straight at tlio Queen's fair breast ho aimed hi3 arrow and swift and truo it sped toward her. Sho saw tho light gleam upou its elnniug barb, and then alio did what no woman but Moriamun would havo done, no uot to save herself from death — sho held out tho utikod body of her son us a warrior holds a shield. Tno % arrow struck through and through it, piercing thu tender flesh, nyo» and pricked hor breast beyond, so that sho let tho dead boy fall. The "Wanderer saw it and wondered at tho horror of tho deed. Then shouting aloud tho terrible war-cry of the Achaians ho leapt upou tho board before him, and as ho leapt his golden armour elan£rcd. Glancing round ho fixed an arrow to tho string and drew to liis car that groat bow which nono but ho might so much as bend. Then ho loosed, tho string sung liko a swallow, and tho shaft screamed through tho air. Down tho glorious hall it sped, aud full onthobrcast of liun who had lifted bow against thu Queen tho Littor arrow struck, nor might his harness avail to stay it. Through tho body of him it parsed aiiu with blood-red feathers flow on, and smoto another who stood behind him, 60 that his knees also wcro loosened, and together thoy fell dead upon the floor. Now, whilo tho people staved and woudored, again tho bow-string sang liko a swallow, again tho arrow ocrcamcd iu its flight, aud ho who stood beforo it got his death, lor tlio shield ho wore was pinned to liis breast. Then wonder turned to rago ; tlio multitude rolled forward, nud from either sido tlio air grow dark with arrows. For tho guards at sight of tho shooting of tho Wanderor found heart and fought well and manfully. Boldly also tho slayors camo on, und balutid them pressod many a hundrod moil. Tho Wanderer's golden helm flashed steadily, a beacon in tho storm. Black smoke burst out in tho hall, tho Imngiugs flamed and tossed in a wind from tho opened door, Tho lights wcro shuck from tho hands of the golden images, arrows stood thick in tho tables and tbo rafters, a spear piorccd through the golden cup of Pftsht, But out of the darkness uml smoko and dust, and tho cry of battle, and through tho rushing of tho rain of arrows, sang tho swallow-string of tho black bow of Hurytus, und tho long shafts shrieked as they npoa on them who wcro ripo to die. In vain did tho Rhafts of tho slayors oiuito upon that golden harness. TJiny wero but as hail upon tho tomplo roofs, but as driving anow upon tlio wild stag's horns. They struck, thoy rattled, and down thoy dropped liko euow, or bounded back and lay upon tho board. Tho swallow-string rang, . tho black bow twanged, and tho bitter arrows shrieked as thoy flow. Now all tho Wanderer's shafts wero spont, nnd ho judged that their case was dosporato. For out of tho doors of tho hall tint worn bo hind thora, and from tho chambers of tho women, armed mon burst in also, taking them on tho flank and rear. But tho Wanderer was old in war, and without a match in nil its ways. Tlio captain of tbo guard was slain by a spoar stroke, and tho Wanderer took his place, calling to tho men, suehofthomas thoy wcro loft alivo, to forma circle on tho dais, and in tlio contro ho sot thoso of tho houso of Fharaoli aud tho womon who wove at tho feast. But to Pharaoh ho cast a slain mau's sword, bidding him striko for life and throuo if ho never struck boforo ; but tho < heart was out of Pharaoh bocause of tho death of his aon, and tho wino about his wits, and tho terrors ho had scon. Thon Meriamun tho Queen snatched tho sword from his trombling hand und stood holding it to guaru her lifo. For sho disdained to croucb upon tho ground as did tho other womon, but stood upright behind tho Wandoror, and heeded not tlio spears and arrows that doalt death on every baud. But Pharaoh stood, hie fuco buried in lus hands. Now tho sluyors carao on, shouting and clambering upon the dais. Then tho Wandoror rushed on thom with sword drawn, and shield gn high, and so swift ho smoto that men might not guard, for thoy saw, as it wero, thrco swords aloft at once, ana tho silrcr- hafted sword hit deep, tbo gift of Phtccian Euryalus long ago. Tho guards also smoto and thrust ; it was for their Uvoa thoy fought, and hack rollad tho tide of foes, leaving a swntko of doad. So a eecond timo thoy carao on, and a second timo worn rolled back. Now, o tho dofcudors, few woro left unhurt, and their strength was well-nigh Bpent. But tho Wanderor cheered thom with great words, though liis heart grow fearful for tho oiul ; and Moriamun thn Quoon also bade them bo of good courage, nnd, if need bo, die liko men. Then onco again tho wavo of irtir rolled in upon them, and fierce and desporato grow tho strife. The iron hedgo of spears was well-nigh broken ; and now tho Wan derer, doing such deeds as had not been known in Khem, stood nlono between Meriamun the Queen nnd tho swords that thirsted for her lifo and tho lifo of Pharaoh. Tlion of a suddon, from far down tho groat hall of banquets, tiiero carao a loud cry that roso nbovo tho clash of swords, tho groans of racu, and all the din of battlo : " Pharaoh — Pharaoh — Pharaoh /" roso a voice. " Wilt thou now lot tho pcoplo go ?" Then ho who smoto stayed his hand and ho who guarded dropped his shield. Tho battlo ceased, aud all turned to look. There, at tlio eud of tho hull, among tho dead and dying, thoro stood tho two ancient men of tho Apura, and in their hands wcro cedar rods. " It is tho Wizards— tho Wizards of tho Apura," incu criod, and shrank this way and that, thinking no moro on war. Tho nncient men drow nigh. No hoed took thoy of tho dying or tho dead. On thoy walked, through blood and wino and fallon tables aud scattered armB, till thoy stood beforo tho Pharaoh. " Pharaoh — Pharaoh — Pharaoh /" thoy cried ogain. " Dead aro tho firstborn of Khem ut tho hand of Jahvcli. Wilt thou lot the pcoplo go V" Thon Pharaoh lifted his faco and criod : " Get you gouo— you and all that is yours. Get you gone swiftly, and lot Khem sco your facono more." Tho people heard, and thoKving loft tho hall, and silonco fell ou tho city aud on tho doad who died of tho sword, and tho dead who diod of tho pestilence. Siicnco fell, and sleep, and tlio Gods' best gift — forgetfulncsa. to jib continued. 