CHAPTER X-XII. NEARLY DETECTED. At the very moment when the" wronged young Lady' Chetwynd stole like a shadow into her husband's house at Chetwynd Park and crept up to .a lonely attic to don her ghostly robes, in which she believed she might steal to her .husband's very side, and still .pass for a spectre or.an illueion.-at that moment Lord Chetwyud and , Sylvia Monk were alone together in the music-room. Miss Monk had been playing some bril liant fantasia.upon the grand piano, and her jewelled fingers were still softly pressing the pearl keys, evoking disconnected sounds while her densely black, half-open eyes rested in a longing, absorbing gaze upon the fair face of the young marquis. -Lord Chetwynd was walking Blowly up and down the length of the room, his arms folded across his breast, a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow light filtered down through pale tinted globes upon Svlvia Monk's dark East Indian beauty, and Lord Chetwynd, looking afc her, noticed for the firdt time the pale terror and anxiety in her face and eyes. .' What is tt e matter, Sylvia ?" he asked, kindly. " You are looking ill." " There is nothing the matter more than U3iial,'llov," said Miss Monk,. her fingers still dropping softly on the keys.. "Iam not quite well of late, and you have been too absorbled in your memorial school and your tennants to notice the fact; that is all." ' Lord" Chetwynd looked startled and auxious. A deeper gravity settled about his delicate mouth under the shadow of bis golden moustache, and upon his white brows. "Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia?*' he asked, in tones of self-reproach. "X have been absorbed in my school, I know. I have never concealed from you that Bernice dead is more to me than any womau living. But I love you al3o, Sylvia. I appreciate your unselfish devotion to me, your gentle sweet ness, your earnest love. . Believe m», sor rowful and hopeless as I am, I am not in sensible to,nor ungrateful for, the great gift of your pure, warm heart. In time, per haps," and his voice grew broken, 11 In time I may learn to love you as you deserve to be loved. But now, Sylvia, be patient with me, and let the mantle of your love and charity cover all my short-comings. She whirled around upon the mus'c-stool Lord Chetwynd felt for her a sudden pity. He moved toward her under the impulse of that sudden pity, and took her in bis arms. And just then alight, soft step came noise leEsly along the flower-bordered aisles of the great conservatory, and approached the door of ithe music-room whence the sound of voices jssued. The new-comer Bernice, in her silken burial robes. All unconscious of the near proximity of the young wife whose death he mourned so dispairingly, Lord Chetwynd bent in pitying affection above the false- hearted being who had wrought him so much of woe,and whom he bad promised to marry. He took Sylvia's head in his bosom, and th.5 swarthy East Indian face, with its car nation cheeks, lay on his breast, and the black eyes looked love at him. And just 1 then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a touch, and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither saw her. Chetwynd was gazing down into the black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all but him and her lovefor'bim. Poor Bernice stood transfixed. All, indeed, she thought, her place was filled. The car resscs that had thrilled her lovingsoul were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at the pair wildly, and a low, Bmothercd cry burst from her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint sound, and turned and beheld hei-. For a moment be stood transfixed, Then, with a wild cry, be dropped Sylvia from his hold, as if she had been some inanimate thing, and bounded toward this seeming spectre. ^ Bernice flew on before him like a vision. Miss Monk caught & glimpse of the white robe, the whiter face, framed in masses of floating, dusky hair, and with a shriek came rushing into the conservatory. Bernice flew on down the long flowery aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She was light and fleet. She sped on before Chetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of another aisle she tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pot. Chetwynd now gained on her. His breath ing sounded hoarsely in her ears. Her panic increased. She could not see the way before her. She Btumbled again-and now Chetwynd reached out his hand- to grasp her. She was away again like a flash, but he had caught the lace frills of her sbo?t elbow sleeves in his hand, and the yellow film gave way and remained in bis clutch, while she flew on and oat at the open door. He was at the door the next instant, but the seeming spectre had disappeared. There was a faint starlight, and he could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and shrubbery dotting the lawn, but the shining vision was nowhere in sight. . ^ He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and the beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering tho garden entrance to the house. But there, on the deep garden Beat, Bernice had crouched until he bad passed on toward the cliffs, and then Bbe hurried into the house and up the private stair to the attics. Her escape had not been made a moment too soon. She bad scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps to the porcli where the young marchioness had been hidden. " The door is ajar," muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in her black eyes. 'I She has gone.into the bouse. She evidently in tends to hide. As she does not intend to reveal herself,.I am so far safe," She closed the door, that Chetwynd might not be tempted to euter it on his return from his search about the grounds, and slowly re-entered the conservatory. " I shall pretend that I did not Bee her,"' .she thought, halting in the doorway and looking out into the dim, fragrant night. " It is best to treat her appearance as Chet wynd's illusion. She is in the house. Gil-: bert must not know of her presence here, and I must warn Bagee at once. My old ayah may find means to remove her forever from my path this very night." Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and thence proceeded to'her own apart ments. She found the East Indian woman .crouching before her boudoir fir?. She told her briefly what bad occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute.'caution. and Bilence. ~ "Leave it all to me, Missy," said the Hin doo. " My lady shall not trouble you after to-night. I think she is gone up to the attics to change her gown. I will go and search for her. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, Missy. After to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd Park." The old woman spoke with a subtle men ace which her mistress fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer with in. Then, with the face of a smiling demon, she concealed tha articles in her boBom, and stole away out of the room, aad crept, stealthily up to the attics. V Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and iet oat on her return to the music-room. . i . .. In the ball, just outside the door, she encountered her brother^ who was in dressing gown and slippers, and appeared just aroused from.slumber. " What's the rowj Sylvia V' he asked. " What does all this skiirrying up and down stairs mean? What on earth has hap pened?" Nothing 1 nothing 1" cried Miss Monk, w'u.i sn eagerness that aroused hia suspi cions that something was wrong. ''.I came up to my room for a piece of music. Go _back to bed, Gilbert. I must return to the marquis, who is waiting for me." She moved away as Bhe spoke; and has tened to descend the stairs. Monk caressed his beard while he looked thoughtfully after her. She said she had come up to her room for a piece of music, but her hands were empty. Mr. Monk, being very astute 'upon occasion, whistled softly and went back to his room, drew on his coat and boots, and also hurried down to the music-room. His sister was in the room alone, and greeted his appearance with . a black frown. " Do go back, Gilbert!" she exclaimed. " Boy and I are having a private interview. He will not like this interruption. Go, or you will regret it." "Hum!"said Mr. Monk, flinging himself into a chair. " I shall regret it if I do go, no doult. I know you, my amiable sister, and I. choose to remain here until your lover comes. Some game is afoot- Ha ! what's that?" There was a sound of hurried footsteps in the conservatory, and Lord Chetwyndrushed into the music-room, pale, wild and disor dered. Monk leaped to hia feet in amaze ment. . The marquis looked passt him with a wandering gaze. "Has she been back!" demanded Chet wynd. " I have missed her." "Who ?" cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, in a breath, the former pale, the latter eager. " Bernice- my wife ! Did she come brick this way?" repeated Chetwynd. "My Uod 1 Have I lost her again ?" "Ah, has the epectre appeared to you again, my lord?" questioned Monk, his face flaming. "Has the ghost been here?" , " Yes. Bernice came and looked in upon us, as Sylvia and I stood yonder. She sighed, or moaned, and the sound went to my soul. I saw her face, and it wa3 pale and sorrowful, yot glorious in its beauty and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also-" " No, no-I saw no ghost!" Chetwynd turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. " Surely you saw her," Monk declared. " Yon looked toward her-you did see her-" " And I say I did not. I saw no spectre whatever. Do you think, my lord, that we are all victims of your peculiar craze? I tell you again I did not see the aparition, or' illusion, or whatever it might be called. I swear I did not see it." "And you looked toward vonder door, Sylvia?" " I did. I looked straight at yonder door way,"aiBimcd the swarthy beauty. "Had anything been there, even a shadow, I must have seen it. But there .was notliine there." " My lord," said Monk, calming himself by a strong effort and speaking soothingly, " yon deceive-yourself. Sylvia did not see her, and had there been a woman Sylvia must.have seen htr. "Sou have experienced a recurrence of your singular optical illu sion.'* " I will not hear tbafc word again, Monk," said his lordship, excitedly, his face flush ing. "' Illusion !' Why, she ran along the conservatory, and I heard her light footfalls. She tripped upon a flower-pot left in the path. I was as near to her as 1 am to you. I reached out my arm to grasp her-and I caught this!" ^ He unclosed his clenched liand and dis played a fragment of point lace, yellow and ) wrinkled and stained, with jagged edges, just as lie had torn it from Bcrnice's sleeve. Gilbert Monk . and Sylvia stared ap palled. Here was evidence such as they had not counted on tfcafc the spectral, visitor was a Jiving woman. Both stood dumb, not know* in» what to say. ^ Chetwynd laid the scrip of lace flat upon his band. "The mystery deepens," he said, hoarsely. "But that r myself saw my wife die, but that I myself saw her buried, I should say that she lives and has been hero to-night. Look at this lace. It was on her burial robe -the robe she wore on her first evening in this house. She had the gown made in London. I remember her innocent delight at the pattern of this lace.' There were branching palms done in film, as one might say. And here is the palm nearly perfect. If my visitor .were a ghost, would she wear tangible lace? And whoever she is, how came she with this lace which I remember 80 well?" " Chetwynd, said Monk, slowly, " I think that you are the prey of some designing wom^n who presumes on her resemblance to Bernice. Calm yourself.. Look at the matter dispassionately, if yon can. Bernice is'dead, so your visitor cannot be she. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I said, Bome designing woman." " But the face was pure and noble-" " That proves nothing. The face might even have been a mask. Let us resume your Search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. . You search the park, and I will search the cliffs and beach. Shall it be so?" . The marquis assented and thrust the lace m Lis pocket, and wentout with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery had indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. He hurried out toward the park, into whose dark receBsea he pluneed and dis appeared. " Monk did not linger to speak to his sister. He, too, hurried out of the house, but he did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, he went to the garden (-»?£rance and stole into the house, and made his way up to the attics, as Bagce had done before him, ' " I'll find her up here," he thought. " She has come up to change her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to-night." Once I get possession of her again, I'll hoiti her fast, so that she shall not escape me."'r* Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic ina vain and rambling search for Bernice. After a few minutes thus spent, he became con scious that someone was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was fleeing before him, and he -hurried forward, intent upon I her capture, moving swiftly and almost noiselessly, having removed his boots at the outset. He gained upon the stealthy person in advance, and soon became aware of the fact tbat she had halted, and was hiding somewhere ihi the stillness and darkness. He moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in the darkness. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room. Listening, "he was sure that he heard suppressed breath ing in that inner room. "I have her now J" he said himself, exultantly. " She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron. Now, my lady, I have you like a bird in a ca»e. There is no outlet to yonder room I fancy, save through this. Tou are caught at last!" He hastened in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon him, and a pair of long, supple hands stole about his neck, as seeking to strangle him. ^ Jou now I" hissed, a voice which he recognised as that of the East In dian woman. 'iThis time, girl, you die I" j The long Angers twisted themselves like ?nakes around his neck, and the old woman clung; to. him like a horrible incubus. But suddenly her fingers rame in contact with his beard. The shock of a great surprise unnerved her fingers. The Thug-like hold on him relaxed ; and now Monk seised his assailant and flung her from him like some venomous reptile, hurling her to the floor, as he cried out: " Yon accursed hag! You here 2" ? "You hear, Mr. Gilbert?" said the old Hindoo, m a, choked voice, gathering herself up, and scowling at him through the dark ness. - . " Curse you 1' said Monk, angrily. "I ought to kill you, you infamous Thug 1" The old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongue. " onto f this 1" said Monk, authorita- < tively. If you make another mo ve against Lady Chetwynd I'll have you sent away from Chetwynd Park. You tried to murder her ladyship at the skaters'chalet. You'd better diaw off now. You're fighting me . do you understand J I know you, root and branch. I overheard that little interview of yours with Sylvia some sixteen months aeo, and I know all your schemes. I permitted tlie mock death and tho mock funeral for reasons of my own. I have had charge of my lady ever since. I am working out . schemes of my own, but they will not in terfere with those of Sylvia. My sister shall be Lady of Chetwynd. I am only trying to make, a little money. Are you content now?" old woman snarled in dissatisfaction, bhe did not believe Monk's protestations. Her determination that Bernice should die gathered new strength. But she realised, as did Monk, that they were , wasting, time in talking which should be devoted to pursuit. Therefore ..she said, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in the" least deceive her opponent: " If yo» say is's all right, Mr. Gilbert I suppose it is, and I'll go downstairs." ' With this she abruptly darted past him into the larger attic and glided into the corridor beyond. " She has resumed her search," muttered Monk. "It's to be a race between us which shall find Bernice first. Lest some devilish instinct should guide old Ragee, whom the fiends protect, I think I'll follow ber. We are sure soon to find Bernice. And I will look in the upper garret to which Bernice sent me before." He hurried out, but the Hindoo had dis appeared, . ^ He sought for her, but he could not find her. He tramped from room to room, but she eluded him. He visited the little garret m which Bernice had before hidden, but the youthful marchioness was not there, and there was no token of her recent presence. He searched for hours, until he was fatigued and wrathful, and persuaded that he had been completely baffled. Then he went down sullenly to his own room. He bad scarcely composed his features to even a semblance of their ordinary calm, j when a knock was beard upon his door, and in obedience to his summons Lord Chetwynd entered the room. The young marquis still wore a pale, dis ordered countenance. His blue eyes were burning. His golden hair was tossed back from his bronzed brows in strange dishevel ment. He looked still excited, anxious and perplexed, yet determined to solve the mystery that encompassed him. "I've been to yosar room.twice, Gilbert," said his lordship, abruptly, " and you were not in. Have you just returned from your search?"-(7o be continuedS 