FICTIOM. From Hngllfili, American, Burt O ti) cr PorlOiUcafts. A WMF OF THE SEA. CHAPTER XXXVI. During all this time Madomoiselle Euephrosyne had not been idle. Shethiratedfortherewardoffered ior information which would Ipad to the appre- hension of Harry Atherton, and she had Bet her heart on mining Ethel as a member of the 5 theatrigal profesaion. She had a warm ally in the ¡detective, Mr. Steele. Not that Steele for a inomont suspected that Huphrosyne's zeal arose in any way from her '. hatred of Ethel ; he only saw in her a woman 1 anxious that the guilty should be punished. And Mr. Steele had always felt greatly mortified be- cause of the fact that Atherton had escaped him. He had cureed the railway accident, and cursed 1 the broken leg that confined him to a bed in the , .hospital, and his uneasiness had ia no small measure retarded his recovery. He wanted to be Mp and on the trail a«am, begiudgiug every moment > that was lost, and strongly apprehensive that the r man he sought might flit to Canada,'and slip him altogether, and in so doing cheat him-so Mr. Steele phrased it-out of the reward he spent so much time in earning. No matter how it waa done-as we are not .writing a detective story, rt is not necessary that we should foHow Mr. Steele step by step-but at last he traced Harry Atherton to St. Louis. .? He had a small business there, and was passing -under an assumed name, and ho had just closed Iris shop for the night when Mr. Steele laid his .hand on his shoulder. w Young Atherton lind grown thin and pale, and one had ouly to look m his face to understand how he .had suffered in thoäe years when he had been living in hiding, to wit the terrible memory of that misty summer night on Carnleigh shores ever pro Boot with him. He looked up at Steele with no surprise in his gaze. He waa always expecting what had come " At last I havo found you !" said Steele, with aring of triumph in his quiet tones. " You have led me a long chase, but now that I have you I mean to keep you." Young Atherton regarded him sadly, but made no .effort to escape. " I am ratlier glad that you have found me," he aaid, apathetioally. " To tell the truth, I am tired -«f living this wey or another. It has been a hard life to lead." "I dare say; and I applaud your good sense. You will come -cast with me ; we will start to i Sight." " If yon will kitidly allow me to say good-bye to i-fco a friend of mino, I shall be greatly obliged to ¡you," said the yoong man, a dull red rising to his cheek. 1 Steele looked at hita with a shadow of sympathy in his ,keen, dark eye. The fact that he had been eo long used to dealing with crime and criminals had not-made him lmt¿-hearted. "It ir, a woman, I jtereeive," he said grimly. ." Well, I was young once myself, and I am not dis- posed to be haid on you, I will go with you, and you shall bave an hour." " A few finomenhs will suffice," said Atherton. ?" Poor girl, she was very good to me when I lay at death's door a year ago ; and, under better circuin -etances-I mean if no shado.w had hung over me she would have been my wife ; but I am not dis honounable enough to link any woman's destiny with mine." "That is right," said Sfceeäe. "And now, as time ¿s limited, w<> had better be getting to busi- ness." The house where young Atherton called was a email cottage in the-outskirts of the city, and the room into which the two men were shown was neat and plainly furnished. An elderly woman ea£d she w«uld call Miss Estoy, and dii<>etly a young girl of eighteen or twenty tame into the room. Steele had withdrawn te the windsvr, and was staring out at the street, but he saw that the"girl was very fair and sweet, with .dark brown eyes andj hair, and a clear complexion where the red showed through on her cheeks. She looked surprised and a little fiigbtened, but she came forward and laid ker small hand in thai of Atherton. " I-I did not expect to see yoa to-night,0' ghe said gently. "Why do you not introduce your Sriend?" "It is not necessary," said Atherton, holding ' her hand \n both his own. "Alice, dear, I cameito say good-byo to you I am obliged to go away." '. To go away ?" sho «aid, with a pitiful tremouc in her voice. " Not far, I hope ? Not for long ?" " I am going east. I do not know for (how long. Alice, I have told you, dear, that I was under a ban; I have never told you bow nor why. But yon know that if I had been a free man I should long ago havo told you that I lor« you, and ¿hat the dearest happiness £ could hope for in this life would bo to make you my wife. I nell you this because I may never see you again." ( She flung her white arms around his neck and clung to him sobbing, as if her heart would break. " What is it, Harry ? What is it that stands be- tween us ? Oh, do not tell me that it is another .woman ? " No, my darling, it is not another woman ; f<* in ' all my life I have never loved any one but you. And I never shall. No, no ; it ia something worse han fiat." I ' "No," she Eaid, smiling through her tears, "nothing could be worse than that. I am glad that it is not that." " I must say good-bye to yon, Alice," said Ather- ton bracing himself for the struggle, " and what- ever you may hear about me, try to believe that I was unfortunate rather that criminal." " Will you not tell me just where you are coing ? Might I not write to you ?" " Yes, I will tell you just the placa. It is a littra fishing village called Garnleigh Shores. T lived there once. And I should be glad to liear from you." " It is in Maino, is it not ?" asked the girl, dry- ing her eyes, and exhibiting a composure which was wonderful under the circumstances. " YeSj it is in Maine. An isolated place, and but little known. And now, dear, good-bye ¡ and you promise to think kindly of me, whatever happens?" " Yes, always kindly." He kissed her fondly, and with a breaking heart, then turned away to the grim- faced man who stood waiting by the window. " Como ! he said, hoarsely; " I am ready !" And, without another word, he followed his captor. Two other officers waited outside the door. Atherton glaced at them, and smiled-a smile very bitter in its sad irony. " You nead not have taken the trouble to sum- mon them," he said, nodding in the direction of the twain ; " I was quite roady to go with you without force." " It is best to bo prepared," said Steele. " You gave me the slip once, you remember ?" " But that was before I bore my seoret so long," said young Atherton. " There is such a thing as growing weary of one's burden." " I dare say. And,' look here, my man ; I can- not help thinking that it would have been better to have told that girl just how things were. It would have settled it between you, and you would not be the man who would hold a woman pledged to one who stood oonvicted of a crime like-like that with which you are accused." " I would not. But I oould not bear to see her face grow cold to me. I- wanted to carry away with me the memory of her as she looked when when she loved rae. He drew his'hat down over his eyes, and settled into his seat in the railway car, and spoke no more. " Poor devil !" said Steele to himself as he re- garded him 'with pitying gaze. " It is hard.; and I dare say the other nagged him into doing it. For I have heard that this brother of his had a temper, and a will that was like iron. There are always two sides to a question j but then, a man ought to keep clear of the law." I The time passed, and the train sped on. At the «lose of the week, the last change of cars had been made, n*id the detective and his charge were seated in the one car which took passengers from the great union line>up the shore to Carnleigh. A telegram had ¡preceded them, and a close car- riage was in waitingfor Mr. Steele and his prisoner. They were taken to the primitive lock-i:p, an d Harry Atherton was locked up for the night. The news-spread. Paul Atherton's murderer had been found, and brought back to the scene of his crime ! At last, the death of this young man was to be avenged ! The next day was Sunday, and the minister of the little church on the cliffs preached a stirring sermon of warning to the ungodly, and told them, in good and plain old-fashioned phraseology, what the quilty might expect. He made the hair stand on end on the heads of the boys who stole apples and tied tin pales to horses" tails, with the vivid way in which he described the place of punishment which awaited the wrong-doer. And the old ladies who had passed so far down the vale of tears that temptations of all kinds had no more charm for them than a dry bone has for a dog, wagged their heads at each other, and told their confreres that Elder Stebbins was " a getting more and more of the spirit every day." When the appointed day for Harry Atherton's examination arrived, the little town-hall was packed. Everybody who had ever known the Widow Ather- ton's boys was there. Some believed Harry guilty ; some trusted in his innocence ; a few there were who were bold enough to say that if he threw Paul over the cliff, it was no more than he deserved, since he was wont to lord ib over his younger brother with a high hand. Old Judge Tileston, with whom Harry had read law, was counsel for the State, and a young man by tho name of Brown, who had only a slight semb- lance of down on his upper lip, and had jnst hung out his legal shingle in a neighboring town, acted as Harry's lawyer. The preliminary examination brought out nothing new. A few witnesses testified to having seen the two brothers and Miss Glenmore together ; a few gossips testified that they thought that both young men .were in love with her. Many other items of little importance were given in evidence, and then the dying deposition of James Dagstau was read. Over and over again had the substance of that paper been repeated to the inhabitants of Carnleigh, but it had a new interest to-day, when it was put in as evidence against the prisoner, who, it was noticed, grew very palo during the reading. When all the evidence was submitted, the pre- siding judge replaced his gold- bound spectacles on his nose, and asked the prisoner .what lie had to say. Harry Atherton lifted his head, and áiis clear blue eyes ran .over the upturned faces of the crowd, as if he sought to find sympathy somewhere in the assemblage. He tossed the bright hair back from his brow and stood erect. There were lines of care on his forehead, and his mouth, beneath his tawny moustache, had taken a curve habitually sad ; but a few who looked at him felt in their hearts t&at; no traces of an evil spirit were on his face. "Of the crime with which I am accused," he said in a clear voice, " I am not guilty. We met that night and hot words passed between us ; but, before God, I did not push my brother over the cliff. He stepped backward, lost his balance, and though 1 sprang forward to grasp him and draw him back, it WBB too late- alas, too late !" He buried his faco in his hands and his tall form shook with emotion. The lawyers consulted together, and young Atherton was sent to Rockaway jail to await his -trial at the next term of the court, which would convene in four weeks. The days wore on gloomily enough to the prisoner. He had faintly expected-nay, hoped that Alice Estey might write to him, and he had asked the jail-Keeper, who was a kindly and super- annuated old man, to inquire for letters for him at Carnleigh ; but the days\ passed on and no message came. " She has forgotten," Harry sadly said.- " Sha may have heard the truth ; and, if so, I cannot blamo hor. Well, if things had been different I could have been very happy with her; bnfcmylife has all gone wrong, and it will be wrong to the end, I suppose. And all I can do is to bear it like a man." The oid jailer was fond of coming in and sitting down for a social chat with his prisoner. He had bad charge dC the gaol for more than thirty years,1 and this waa the first time that any prisoner charged with a capital crime had been placed under hie jurisdiction. He had had to do with no more distinguished criminals then hen-troost bri- gands, and men who had beaten their wives, and once with* a desperado who had robbed the Northern mail coach, and fired a pistol shot through the hat of the driver. Mr. Jenkins-that was the jailer's name-had known Mrs. Atherton in her girlhood days, and he naturally felt a strong interest in her boy. "Your mother was a stunner when she was young," said the old man, blowing the ashes out of his clay pipe and preparing to load up again with a fresh charge "Quite a belle in her day. Her eyes were black as the storm clouds in November* and she could row a boat with the best man on the Shores-ay ! that she could. And all tbe folks thought your father a deuced lucty fellow when she shipped alongside of him for life." "My mother was a good mother te me," said Harry. " Ay, that she was. And you and Paul were two fine boys ; lads for a mother to be proud of. And I never believed that yo did it on purpose. No, I never did. And there's my hand on it." And he shook Harry's hand till the young man winced beneath the pressure, for Mr. Jenkins never did things by halves. " But even if they should prove that ye did it," went on the old man, " it wouldn't hang ye, ye know ; that sort of thing is done away with in Maine. Hanging's too barbarous, "the wise men down to 'Gusta say." " But it would be imprisonment for life, and that is worse," said Harry bitterly. " I would rather they made an end of me than shut me up for life.'' " Wall, either on 'em's rough enough, I reckon. Hark ! that was the bell at the gate. I make no doubt, young sir, that you've got a visitor." Harry laughed, and there was bitterness in the sound. " No one would come to visit me. I have no friend anywhere on the face of the earth." " Never say that," said tbjs old man, cheerfully. " No man has any right to say that. And there's One that sits up over all of us that never forsakes us," hp added, reverently. Harry listened to the jailer's retreating footsteps' i and sank back in his hard chair, with a dull look of i despair on his face. Presently he heard the sound of steps and voices in conversation, and the next moment the door of the prison-cell was open, and Jenkins came in followed by a young girl, with dust-covered gar ' ments, and shoes which showed the wear and tear of many a weary mile of travel. "I have brought a friend-to see you," said the jailer, " and, if you like, she can have supper with you. And I'll go now, and seo about getting it ready." And he closed the door behind him. The young girl threw up her veil, and revealed the palo and weary face of Alice Estey. "Alice!" cried young Atherton, "how came you you here ?" *' Did you think I would not come ?" she asked' reproachfully. '* If so, then you have misjudged me. I started two days after you did, but it is a long way, and my money gave out, and the last fifty miles I have come on foot." " My own dear girl !" he cried, folding her in his arms and kissing her hot forehead, " and I doubted you because I received no letter. But, Alice, how did you find your way ? And you cannot know of what I am accused, or you would not be here." " I know everything. It has been in the papers, with many exaggerations, no doubt ; but I know that you are accused of murdering your brother ; and I know, also, that you are innocent. And I love you, and I am come to remain with you. CHAPTER XXVII. THE WAGES Or SIN. " Johnson's mad-house ?" said the old woman whom Jack Barton had asked to direct him to the place mentioned, staring at him through her glasses. " Well, I declare ! You can't be mueh ac- quainted round in these parts if you don't know where that ar' building is ! And what you want to go there for beats me ! Hain't nobody there, and hasn't been for two years. Police broke it up and old Johnson scooted. Drat him'? " But I asked you the way," said Barton, impa- tiently. " Oh, you want to go there ? Well, you don't look as if you was off your head, but anybody that would go there must be kinder daft. Why, mister, the place is haunted !" *' Will you please direct me thither ?" ?" Sartin ! I can do it, if you'd want me to ; but you'd better not go. Why, for six weeks there's been awful cuttings up there with ghosts, so I've heern. Lights has been seen in the upper win- dows bobbing round, and my son, Tom-and Tom never tells a lie, unless ho's a going to make some- thing out of it- is sartin he seen a man a standing on the frpnt portico three or four nights ago ! And there hasn't been a soul lived in the house since they starved that poor Mary Read to death better'n two years ago, and the ossifers took the place in hand." " Once more, I ask you, will you tell me how to get there ?" "Sartin, I'll tell you. But if anything happens to you don't never blame me. You go straight do wn th is 'ere righ t hand road to the first road to the left, and then take that and go on till you come to a pair of stone posts- there used to be a gate there -and turn down that road through the woods. It is about half-a-mile." ' ! " The first house you come to ?" asked Barton. "Lord bless you, there hain't no other house within two miles. Nobody would want- Well, I'll be toasted if the critter hain't gone and never thanked me. There he goes like a loony," shading hor eyeB with her hand to get a clearer view. "There's sumthin wrong about that chap, or I miss my guess." Meanwhile, Barton strode on at the top of his speed, his dark brows bent, his lips firmly set. It was getting on for dark, the sun had set, and the evening promised to be damp with fog. It was quite dark when he reached the stone posts. He stopped there and examined a pair of revolvers which he carried, and then returned them to his pocket wiWi an air of satisfaction. Every chamber was loaded. He entered the lane, heavily wooded on either side, and smelling damp and mouldy from the recent rains. v The place was as still as a tomb, and^so dark that Barton had much ado to keep his footing through the mud and sloughs with which the path abounded. I At last ha saw the outlines of a larga building looming np black before him. There were no lights anywhere to be seen. It stood desolate and gloomy against the gray sky, this house of ill omen, and for a moment Barton wavered and felt inclined to curse his folly in having wasted his time in coming here. He stood still ita the dense shadow of the shrubbery, and watohed the place for moro than an hour. At last he saw the faint glimmer of a light through a closely-shuttered window, and than it disappeared. " No ghost light that," said Barton to himself, "but honest kerosene, or I am much mistaken. Now, then, to reaoh the room where that light ap- peared." He walked cautiously around the house, dis- covering nothing more, and returned to his first point of observation. A thick mat of woodbine eovered the front of the house and had climbed up the roof, and Barton» having tested its firmness, began to ascend the side of the building. It might havo been for a landsman a, somewhat difficult feat, but for this son of the ocean it was mere child's play, and ho went up the knotted foliage like a cat up a tree. The window at which he had seen the light was reached without difficulty, and, putting out his hand, he touched an iron grating. Barton was a man not easily deterred frera any- thing he had set himself to aacomplish, and he tried his strength on the grating, but found it was only wasted. He took out his pocket-knife, which had been mads for service, and was broad and strong as a chisel, and began cutting away the mortar around the bricks which held the grating in place. It was slow work, having to be done in the darkness, liut the man worked with a will, and after a while he felt the grating was loosening, and directly he had the satisfaction of wrenching it oil. Ho dropped it cautiously among the thick foliage, and its fall made no sound. The window he found was open, and there was no impediment to his entering the building. He drew a pistol from his packet, and stepped over the window-sill. There was not a sound to be heard. The place was still as death. A cold chill struck through him tho walls wore solid, and retained the dampness, and the air felt dead and close. , Barton struck a match and lighted the pocket lantern which he had brought with him. The room in which he stood was large and high studded, and the corners were in shadow. The floor was bare and stained nearly black; the ' windows were heavily curtained with a dismal shade of green, and the only furniture consisted of a moth eaten lounge, and a long, narrow table in the ? centre of the|room. Barton explored every hole and corner, but dis- covered nothing now, except a chest in one corner, where there were some dilapidated and well-worn shoes, moldy and ill-smelling ; and, standing among them, a pair of new and shining rubber overshoes. " Ha !" cried Barton, seizing one of the rubbers and bringing it to the light ; " this is no old affair. No. 10, a good-sized foot ! 188-, by Jovo ! It waa made the present year. And yet they asked me to believe that this den had not been inhabited for two years. And ghosts have no need of overshoes I should say." (To be continued.) 