Baptist Association. Half-yearly meeting. The inaugural meeting of the half-yearly meeting of the Queensland Baptist Association was held in tho Wharf street Church last night. This first meeting took the form of a service, in which the Bev. W. Whale wbb preaoher. After the opening prayer and hymn, the lesson was road by the Bev. Mr. Glover, from the north. The Bev. W. Wuale then said he need not introduce their old friend, Mr. Glover, and asked the prayerlul interest in the series of meetings, of whioh that was the opening one. In seme form or other the meetings would be continued until the 22nd instant. He informed them they had amongst them Miss Pleated, frcm India, who was spending a little time of holiday with them, and who took suoh a lively inlereat in mission work in the churches. There was no reason why they Bhould not have a good time together, and he thought that Good Friday was an excellent day on whioh to commence the eerie a of meetings. After calling upon all present to ask God's blessing on the meetings, a collection was taken up. Bev. W. Poole, in announcing the collec tion, said they did not want to touoh upon the association fundB to carry on the meetings, but hoped that all expenses would be paid and there would he something to spare. Referring to the conference which was to form one of the series of meetings, he said they wanted to Eee present representatives from all the churches, and urged upon those who had not already ap pointed delegates to do so on Sunday. The Bev. W. Wilai.e, after the Bev. Mr. Breawcod had led in prayer, delivered hia sermon, taking for hia text, Aots xx. 28: "Takeheed therefore unto yourselves, andtoall the flack, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which He hath nurohnsed with Hie own hlood." Hfl Bhid they had met under the auapieea of the Baptist Association, and were there in the capacity of representative cburohes ; and he had long thought that the church ought to ocoupy a larger and more important plaoe in thought and consideration. He thon Bhowed how from tho ono extreme of tho Churoh boing of such importance aa to override the Word they had gone to the other extreme, and left it too entirely to the individual, and now the day had come when they were Buffering from this error. Be then wint en to show that not only did tho individual members, but the Church itself had been purchased with the blood of Jesus Christ. Everyone conneoted with the Chinch of OhriBt held, or ought to hold, that they were redeemed by the preoloui blood of Jesus Christ. Tho Church wbb the only society on earth— and he made the statement with great deliberation — that distinctly led into or nnto Christ, and whose meetings got their particular value and all their authority from the fact that they were gathering in His name. The strength of the Oburch, he showed, lay in its present head Christ. Identification with Christ meant being called out and into Him. He spoke of the ao- called one-man ministry, and said there could be no auoh thing. Each individual was responsible himself, and they conld not put the responsibility on any one man. All who took oversight of any kind in the chnrch were bishops. In the New. Testament there wero several bishops to one church, hut not ono bishop or leader over many churches. Ho conoluded an eloquent sermon by asking that all would do thoir best to mako tho meetings a success. 