VICTORIAN ORCHESTRA. FIFTY-SECOND CONCERT. The attendance at Saturday afternoon's concert by the Victorian Orchestra was not so large as was to have been expected. This is the more to be regretted, na the programme provided was an interesting one, containing no fewer than (ive numbers which had not been hoard before at these concerts. Now that they have been introduced tbey will no doubt be repeated. The concert opened with the overture "King Stephen," Beethoven This was written, together with ollu r music, in 1811 for u drama by Kotr.cbuo bearing the above-mentioned title. It was first performed at the opening of the theatre at Pesth on Feb- ruary i), 1812. In 1815 it was one of three wbrks purchased by the London Philhar- monic Society for 75 guineas. Although in the music, with its originality of ideo, anti noble treatment, tho hand of Beethoven is easily discernible, this overture must be catalogued as amongst his smaller works. It was well played, though the eflect waa not improved by the bad acoustic properties of a half- filled hall The second novelty was the Scotch rhap- sody m G, No. 1, op 31, A. C. Mackenzie. This IB the first of two, the other being entitled " Burns." In form it is in imitation of Lm/.t's Hungarian rhapsodies, and has three movements - allegro ben marcato, adagio molto, allegretto giocoso-which fol- low each other without n pauae. It is deaervedly popular on account of the skilful treatment of Scotch melodies and effective orctieairnlion ; the national tone is preserve! throughout, and is as fresh and grateful to the Scottish car ns is the. heather to the Scottish eye. The petformancc was foi lowed by loud und continued applause Tile Bymphony WOB Mendelssohn's in A major, No. 4, op UO-the "Italian." It li, rallier curious to note, that beiore it wus written Mendelssohn and Berlioz had met in Hame, and that both conceived the idea ot embodviug their Italian impressions m sym- phonic, form, Berlioz's "Harold m Italy" being dated 1834, and Mendelssohn's " Italian " symphony 1833. Itwould be almost impossible to lind a moro striking contrust than exutB between the two works, showing how widely different may be the efleeta pro- duced by the sumo subject on mindi and temperambiitB elillfrently constituted. The " Italian " symphony Is uot a stranger to Melbourne audiences, but with its glow ot southern guicty it is always welcome, The first movement, allegro vivace, ia spirited and graceful ; tim second, andante cou moto knuwn an the " Pilgrim's March "--ia plain- tive and yet dignified ; the third, con moto moderato, ii n genuine minuet ; and the last (oulturcllo), presto, is an unreatnuned outburst oi Ita'ian light-hearted gaiety. The renderiug wai for the most purt a good one, though it would have been better ii tbe opening move- ment had beeitsturted oft with a little moreanl mation, mid also if there had been more pre- cision and steadiness in the finale, which was not by any mentis taken at too fast a tempo The symphony wai immediately followed by Auber'8 overture "Gustave," This, we consider, waB an error in judgment, as although tho overturo la in Auber'« usual bright und sparkling style, its being in such close juxtaposition to Mendelssohn's work produced a trivial effect, disadvantageous to both compositions. It would have been bettor if placed at the end of the programme St. Soens's "Danse Mnccobre" is fnmiliarly known here. The subject is a gruesome one, namely a midnight "dance of death," wherein is heard a spectral violinist tuning his fiddle for a wuk/, for other ghosts to danco to. '1 he eflect produced on the xylophone (which, by the way, wus not conspicuous enough on Satur- day) IB Buggestivo of the rattling of bones, and the picture IB n morbid, though amusing, one. Mr. W. T. Barker was very succesBlul in n study In V for harp, by ,1. '1 bomas This was a fine piece of cantabila playing, and, as an encore, Mr. Barker gave an artistic reading of another Btudy by flic same composer The concert concluded with a FcBt Murch lu C, by Bin (op. 13!)), heurd for the first time. It Wai originally a pianoforte solo, but was afterwards re-written for orchestra by the composer himself. It opens in a pompous and majestic manner ; a trio movement, heard lutther on, of a con- templative character, ia very effective, nnd is in marked contrast Altogether it is an im- pressive number, and will be gladly heard again. Mr. Hamilton Clarke conducted us usual. On Thursday there will be n Beethoven night, when the following will bo heard,-. Overture, "Cori»lati¡" violin solo, Komiinco in G j Mmphonv No 5, In C minor ¡ over- ture, PromctheiiH ," quintet for pianoiurl« und wind instruments ; mid ovenuie, "Egmont " Such a programme should ensure! a full attendance. 