THEI KING O)F iSNAKEi. (Ax OLD orFFICER t' TON). I've een a ghod maty st-?rango things in' my time, but the stnlngest thing 1 over saw was ul in the n;orthof India about two yI r uafter I first wnt ot ; and it w as so remrkable in every war thal woulde ever have believede it ifl haulent seyti it myself. m In all:your travels:in India? 'lave you ever been'st a place crlled ?Jaalpuror Jubbulpore, just ahout midway aerose, from Bombay to, ,' :aleo tti P ell, then; you must remember the militsrycapitontmen which lies just on the edge of the'"geit t"plain tiat stretches' all the way from the native. tcn to the foot of the citadel rockr That's where Iiaks quartored'attho time. and that's where the thing happenod that I'm going to tellyou about. Just tllen 1 was .very much taken up withl pfitdilg oht all I could alMut serpnel charming ; for. siero I came out to r lnrdin, I Iued buard us, much of it, undsanoe so little (the few perform. r auc thIat I hal seeon being very poor affairs T idecd) tllat'Ithought of nothing oso day, and enigiht. So you may thienk how.pleacod I was thee, nboiet a week after we got t Jubbulporo, poor Cllorlie Dflaerd (who was killed trwo vears later in mm of the battles of'the Sikle Var) ccsno burating intor my, quarters one nronlig, celleng out ,Now, Dick. old boy, leero's a chance for you. There's a serpent charmer goieng to per form ic tieo roupeoie (courtyurd), anid may fellow Ltal Dasas oa e's the boat uman tley've got in thlo whole dstrict.' , Out I ilew like a rocket, nand tlhere, sur enough, was a' tall, bolly fellow ic Hindutd dress, sittilg on ltie ground, with a big round basket in front of. hn, out of awhich ho drew three orfour cobra; thle deadliest nakes ile all' India. io took up two of them, one in each 1 hand, and lot them, coil round and round his 'neck like a irope;; and thoun he took three more. out ofLth 'baskot, end'bogun to play on 1 'a reedpip owhreulon'the three last asnake reired'o,upon 'end; ,and began ,to: sway them 'elves to uiifro In:tim to the musiac. . '*'I:Bytlle timolo,whatewith ocrselves and what with our tiative :servants, a?: well as the hangers on'. of the cantonment,''thero was at pretty'big crowd gathered round him ; aud we were al staring as bard as we could, when l suddenly the danclig snakes stopped short, and the others that were wriggling about his [ nck and wrists stood as stillnas f they were turned to stone. The conjurer looked black as night, and bloew away arnter tlaci over; but to anl aipearanc he might have blown till his teeth fel ocut, for the snskes never budged. All at once a sort of whittle was heard from the crowd, and instantly thne msakes dropped offn tie conjurewr's body and ran straight towards the thronlg of people, and tile dancing snakes ran after them. As you may think, the crowd scattred in allo directions whens they saw these Sdeadly cratures coming right at themn ; and one macn-the only one who didn't run away-was loft standing by hien?elf in the middle of tlhe rNow, there was Inotilig out of the way il I this mni's appearance. Ils was simply a email, atogre, very dark nativo, ic ordinary Eastere dress. But, the mnooent I set yes oni bhin, I felt' something as like downright fear as a soldierwoull caretoconfess; andso, pprently, did' tile snalces themselves; for wlsc they aeloo up close to him (which they (lid, as could not help fancying, more as if mastered by some overwsn lming force than of their own free will),, they stopped short sud denly, and lay outstretched in the dust, as though dead or dying. And as if that wasn't renoe?r, the old t erpent charmer himsoelf wne crawfnlig along after his snakes, and, crouclig before this unknown man, whllined imploringly: NMercy, - mercy, Rajah Nagon !' (King of Snakes). SKing of Sce ls' mucttered our senior captain; ' there was It fellow of that name whef did wonderful things when I was at Nagpur three years ago, and this man's a good deal like him. Can ho be the same ?' Ho spoke so low that ever n we could only just hlear him ; but, to our utter amazement, tie stranger (who stood at least twaety yards wal) instantly answercd, in perfectly good ' am that man, and what I did then I can do nlow. Here, fellow,' ho added, turning to the serpent clharmer, who was still cowering at hls feet, 'take up thy snakes and be gone !' The conjurer obeyed, seeminugly very glad to got away; and I noticed that us Ie picked up the snakes they began to wriggle violently, as if life had just comeo back to them. 'Pooh ! it's all rubbish I' whispered Cliarlio Dolamero to me.' i Tieo fellow can ie more do woedors thau I cann; it's only that he's a little hbtter suake charmor than tie other follown.' Tllen the mysterious mae raised his head, an'1 I eaw his eyes for the first time. I can't toll you what a tern they gave me, and ieo woldoer; for, if ever I saw a serpoet's eyes in a man's leoad, I saw tlhe thens. Theiy weroesmall, and ics green as emIeralds; ltad whlice le o Ieoed them fully they lnashed ant d sparkled as if they were on tire. If I do someotling wicll no one else could do. Caplitaun Shalib,' eaid ie, looking straight it Delalncore, ' will you belioeve that I can work ronders then P' Clharlie looked rathlerqueier, as well lee might; for it seemed impossible for ily mortal ears, Ilowover quick, to hoer at twenty yards' distance a wllisper that 1 could barely catch wheu it was spokei right int to ly ear. ut hie wasn't going to lot Ilimsclf bo put dowt so easily, and ho anuwered 'If you could draw togetheor into one place all hile snakes il teat jcngle blehind us, lthon, porhiaps, I might thinly something of your power.' iuc do that, too,' said Iajah Nogon, not bonstfully itc ti least, but just as any malc nuillgt stile a well-knowi fact. WeVo lllooked at each other, not lknowing quite wlat to Say to this; and two or threero of us were beginning to laugh (thouglh I can toll you I wasn't one of them) wlhn the colonel himself struck in. ,'If you can do as you say, Rajalh Nagon,' cried eu. ' I'll gthldly give you a hundred rupees' (I10) ' for the job, for I've losttwo menc already by snakes bites, and Idon't ant to lose olay more.' "TnO-morrow at nusriso it shall be done,' answered the Scake Kiing, as quietly as ever; and thcen he cliscillecered' into the crowd so suddoenly that nobody could see wheore ie went to, and plenty of the native servants were ready to make oath that le had vanished beforae their very eyes. I cau preniso you weo weore all up early next morning ; aud long beforo sunrrso every mac of ouir moss was out oni tile plain in front of thie cantonment, to see what would Ihappen. lut when we got there,, it seemed as if the wliolo town had turned nut; for the news of what was to be done hlad run through lthe whole place, aced tile story lost notlicng in the tolling. Just.as tile first ray of sulshino streamed along the great plain, our friend the King of Snakes appeared in tihe midst as suddleniV as if hle had risen through tihe cart, w'ich I've no doubt the natives fully believed that le hlad. Instantly tie whole crowd fell back, acd left him standing alone. ''Thcen he hood those torriblo eyes of his upoci 'tlenedg of the luegle,' end. stretlchineg out leis huleasdtowards eit, as if beckoning some.ono to. hiss, broke out into.lis iatici 'of -ehmltiun song. It cva the "wildest, 'uveirdent, 'glosstlost~iiud of seind that - ever heard-and low 'and drciay as the manac of a sick /child, and then again swelling up shrill and high, like the bhlst of a storm through n leafless forest. I caun't say how it affecteod the others, but I know it mado metilgie from hlecad to foot, and if I hadln't Otopeped my ears, I think I elcould haave .gone Presently we saw a struneo glistening all along tlie cdark border of the junigle, uand then the ground in front of it began to qcivor anu-I creep, as if it were al'os; and when co looked closer0 the wclole surface was nee sllhet of crawlincg snakes of all colours ned siecs--largo and small ,voeoeomos and noc-venomous ulike- all c0"ming straight oilwa'rd to where the Serpent King stood alone iu their midst, with out stroteeed haneds, chanting his ghostly song. liut hero, again, it seemed to me that they cacson as if drawn by an irresistible powor, rathcer than of their owsc aceord; and once or twice I thought (though it may blavo been only my fancy) tleat Io could see some of them struggle to stop short and turn back to the Altogether, it was anything heet a pleasant sighct, sthugh I could not turn mi' ?yes away from it. .Bct the colonel viewed 'it m-a very different light, and lost no time in sending out parties of native sohclcrs upon tho flanks of this serpent army; with swords, bill hooks, or heavy bomboo clubs. Andnow the massacre began in earnest. Kill,. kill,l]kill, they: went on, tnl the ground was fairly paved with scmly bodies; but fresh hosts came on every moment, right over the corpses of their -omrades, without. ver pausing or showing any sigu of fear. And still Riajal ,NaOth's weirdl song swelled higher ancd hglier, aos c' kesphlg time to the blows of the destroy. lng clubs and swords. - . - • Just then' I saw Charlie iDolamere' at my shoulder, looking aswhits as a ghost... ..'I'll. never make fun of that felloa's roer ngais,' whispered he. m.They. say seeones bho lieving, and I'd never have bellcvod.this ifI badcn't soin It.' At loot thO uproar of shoctling and striking beguu to die away. No more ~akes were seen coming outof thejuongle. Those who had come out already were all killed, and our' men came back quite tired out with killing. them: but when we looked about for the Snake King him-; self lie was gone. Hie never came back to claini his promised reward, and from thht day (though I often heard his uname in dilfferent part| of ImindLa I never set eyes on him antam. (CiSaec/', S.h,tuday A Jeiw1. 