Legislative Council Elec tion. The Vacancy in the Southern District. A meeting of the electors of the Legis lative Council for the Southern District was held in the Institute Hall on Wednes day evening, June 4, at half-past 7 o'clock. At the opening of the meeting the at tendance was not large, hut by 8 o'clock the number increased considerably, and Messrs. Goode and Krichauif had one of the largest meetings in connection with a Legislative Council election that has been held in Narracoorte. Mr. A. Attiwill,! J.P., occupied the chair. lie Chairman, in opening the proceed ings, said he had known both candidates ] for many years. Both of them had been public workers for many years, and both were worthy candidates, Mr. Gooae, who was received with ap plause, said it had been arranged between Mr. Rrichauff and himself that one of them should speak first at alternate meet ings. It was therefore his torn to speak first that evening. His opponent and liimiiftlf were, he might remark, on amic able terms; and so far not much blood had been drawn yet. It had been said that they were going through the District rapidly, and that they were hunting in couples. Well, he did not know that that was a mult. They decided to come round together, and they thought that they would be economising the time of the electors as well as their own if they addressed meetings together. They should remember that it was a very large district— as large as England, and that the journey by rail through the consti tuency was as long as from London to Edinburgh, Then if they remembered the numfier of polling places in the division, and that it would take them three weeks to get through engagements at the prin cipal centres, they could bear with them for not visiting every place. Some time ago he was urged to come out by friends in the district, but he declined. However, a deputation waited upon him and pressed him to stand, and he consented. During the last 40 years he had been engaged in business in South Australia, and had at tended to a few other things besides. He L would now briefly recapitulate his views, 'and regretted that he could not be original, as necessarily he had to reiterate the same views wherever he went. By conviction he was a Freetrader, bat seeing that the country had adopted a protective tariff he was willing to give it a fair trial. It was very undesirable that they should constantly tinker with the tanff, seeing that it would mean an in terference with the trade of the com munity. If any alteration was made it should be in the direction of taking the duties off goods that could not be pro duced in the colony, and possibly increas ing the duties on other goods. Personally he was in favor of allowing the tariff to remain asiit was for a time. (Hear, hear) He believed their policy should be to allow people to live as cheaply as possible. He referred to the establishment of the hat industry in Adelaide in which he took an interest, and that the protective tariff had increased the price of hats, but the duty was put on to Veep 40 or 50 persons employed. The speaker then referred to the Lobethal Tweed Factory. Before he had nothing to do with this factory. Twice it had come to grief; and on a recent tour through New Zealand he found 10 factories there in successful operation, and he came to the conclusion that sorely this colony could keep one going. He took np 1,000 shares in it, or one-sixth of the number required, so as to assist to give it another start. Of course they could not all be farmers, and they should endeavor to have as many strings to their bow as possible. This colony was the natural outlets for the north western districts of New South Wales and Queensland. If trade was allowed freely to follow its' natural course it must come here,, and* "South Australia should hike a high' position in the mercantile future of the dominion of Australia. (Cheers.) He would do all he could to assist the move ment for intercolonial free trade. (Applause.) A great mistake was made when the Trans continential Railway was diverged from Hergott to the west ward and carried into exceedingly poor country, which would have to be bridged before the McDonnell Ranges were reached. By serving our neighbours with our railways we served ourselves. It was s short-sighted policy to ke8p away from the other colonies. The line to Broken Hill had been of immense benefit to us, while it had proved of service to New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) Any further extension of the Transcontinental line should be very carefully considered. He did not eee how it could pay working expenses. We should have a line diverging from Hergott, going ap on -the eastern side of the lake to tap the fertile western districts of Queensland, and he believed it would be better to take up a portion of the transcontinental line and put it down in this direction. He should be veryjjhid to see a direct_line of railway on the fit 8iin gauge to Broken .Hill, because he was convinced that the Broken Hill mining district was as yet only in its infancy, and that it would be hundreds of years before the minerals were worked out. It would be of immense benefit to us to be in direct railway com munication with Sydney. Of course it would meau that we should be brought into fiercer competition with Sydney on the Barrier; but we need not fear that. Undoubtedly we should aim at the adop tion of the 4ft 8|in gauge. Possibly we might he connected with Queensland by the' 3 foot 6 inch gauge for some time to come. However, we ought not to be in a hurry to contract new loans for railways. (Hear, hear.) The Government ought in every way to encourage the mining industry, which was not affected by dry seasons like the agri cultural and pastoral industries were. At the same time something should be doue to prevent the floating of bogus mining ventures, which had proved a great hind rance to the true developement of the country*jj There was too much mining on " Change," and too little on the mineral fields. \\(Applause.) He had a high ofdJien* " opinion of "the mineral resources of South Australia. As a traveller in New Zealand he believed that the mineral wealth of that country did not approach anything like the wealth we had in South Australia. The fruit and vine-growing industries should also be encouraged He did not think there was any country on the earth so well adapted f or producing wines such as were required in Europe as South Aus tralia. Considering the small amount of voted for the He was pleased to hear on his way up from Mount Gambier of a plan to settle a horti- j cultural colony near Penola. This was a step in the right direction. He was sorry to see so much land devoted j to sneep in tho district. The land ques tiouwas a most important one. They had been in too great a hurry to part with their land in the past, and the people were I now only realising the loss. He would j promise them to ao all in his power to get population settled on the land. I Twenty-four years ago he moved in Par- j liament for a Select Committee on the land laws. He was very desirous then of introducing a system of classifying lands that would prevent bogus competition and tend to seoure proper settlement. Unfor tunately a great deal of onr publio lands which possessed the _ best rainfall were alienated without being settled upon by population. He did not think that private interests should stand iu the way of the n' *ic good, If it could be proved that was not being turned to the bast account _ the Government would I be justified in taking it from the j present occupiers. But the State could not afford to do au injustice to: any one, and if resumption was re sorted to there should be compensation. He im vcy pleased that a large number of small holdings had been taken up by laboring men. It would be well if the blocks covered mora than twenty acres. Settlement must be encouraged by all means. ([Hear, hear.) Holders of strictly private pastoral lands should be encouraged to effect improvements by having a secure tenure. Lands had , sometimes been resumed and then given over to vermin. We should give the pas toralists . a perpetuity of tenure, with periodical valuation, say every seven years, while we held the power-of resumption, to be exercised only in case of mines being discovers'! or the land being required for public purposes. (Applause). It was lamentable the small number of sheep they had in this colony, considering the immense quantity of pastoral land they possessed. South Australia had only seven millions of sheep, whereas New South Wales _ had 70 millions; and even Victoria with its limited area had 11 or 12 millions of sheep. There was something wrong. The present system of taxation worked welL Until recently property did not contribute its share to the revenue. He was opposed to the single tax, and he did not know who would care to hold land if all the value was taxed out of it. The bulk of the security of Life Insurance Societies consisted of landed property, and if the value was taxed out of it the result would be that the widows and orphans of the assured would suffer. The progressive land tax was not likeiy to succeed. It would in volve injustice, because many men hold ing. large quantities of land were really less financially interested in their proper ties. than were the .holders of small areas in theirs. Anything like class legislation should be avoided,- and the State should see that no injustice was done to any one. He believed there had been too much tinkering with the land laws, so much so that no one could understand them. He thought they should be codified. He believed in cultivating a sturdy self-reli ance and respect among the people, and was opposed to state coddling. If pos sible they should not take away a man's self-respect. In the case of the Industrial School for the Mind, an Institution he took seat interest in, the Government told him they would give them a vote for additions to the building ; but he declined it; he preferred to let the inmates raise the funds themselves. It taught them self-reliance and self-respect.- This was one reason he opposed the Trades Hall site. Their system of education was second to none m the world. He would not go in for free edncation, as he did not believe in the state taking all responsibility from parents in connection with their children. He had opposed' the proposed capitation grant because he considered it a retrograde step.. To subsidize private schools after spending the large sums that we had done on State schools would be a fatal mistake. Any further outlay should go towards lerfectiM our national scheme of educa iion, and not be devoted to encouraging the competition of private schools against the State institutions. It was a good thing that the capitation proposal was so easily disposed of. (Cheers.) He thanked them for the patient hearing; and would be glad to answer any questions. (Ap plause.) Mr. Krichauff, who was very well re ceived, said it was thought by many that he appeared before them as a kind of re jected candidate, but he would tell them -hat it was a voluntary act on bin own rare. He represented- the adjoining Dis Victoria in th© Assembly last i Parliament, but he understood there was I a strong desire for local representation I among the electors, and as an honorable j man, he deferred to their wishes and did not contest the District. However, he had been informed since that he would have had a good chance of being re elected if he stood. He was sorry it was such an extended; District, and that there Weffe between 60and 70 polling places in. the Divison, but it was impossible for them to go everywhere. As it was, the journey they had sketched out for them selves would take three weeks at least. He would assure 'them they were doing the best they could to fall in with the wishes of the electors. He was dissatisfied with the constitution of the Upper House, as there should be six districts. Norwood' and Kensington should not be attached to them district, as they had the power to ont-vote the country districts. He was infarorof reducing the tenure; a mem ber of the Upper House held his seat from 9 to 6 yeara: but he warned them it would give that House more power, as thev could urge that they were in touch with the country. He would take the subjects mentioned by the Chief Secretary in his Mount Barker speech. So long as we had a "sleeping" deficit he doubted whether it would be wise to go in for a free breakfast table, although he would like to see it. Three years ago he expressed his-opinion that if any extra taxation was required it should be a pro gressive land tax, as he believed those able Pay should. In "Victoria the tax ex cluded land valued up to £2,500. Beyond that there was a tax of lj per cent, on every £100. Country lands were classified according to their sheep-carrying capabili ties, the tax ranging from 9*d. in Class 1 to 24d. m Class 4, or an average of 41<1 in jbe pound. The highest amount which the Premier would levy as a tax would be 3d. sn the pound, so that his proposed tax aid not nearly approach to the progressive tax of Victoria. At tlio end. of last year there were forty-one more large proprietors in Victoria than there were previous to the Act, and the area of the estates that the i31?? ^eld bad been increased by 154,000 acres. The taxable value from ™e_ /and, however, had decreased by £95,400, but there were increases in Class 4 as against decreases in the other three classes. Still there were at that time 828 ^0bolaers who had to pay land tax out of. 48JKKJ owners of land. Tngfoad of bursting up the large estates had actually m Victoria under the Act. The " bloated j ™etroP®lista" were still to be found, and there were very few who were trying to get rid of their properties. But it seemedto him that although the proposal of the Chief Secretaiy was not likely to be carried out, and that if it was it would not lead to the bursting up of the large estates, still if there was any necessity for additional taxation it should be in the direction of progressive land taxation. J. nose who had money should pay the tows, and the poorer people should have a free hreakfast table. (Cheers) The exemption for town lots should not be allowed unless the land was fully used, lr land waa held merely for speculation he did not see why it should not come under the progressive land tax. It had been suggested by the Hon. T. Playford and many others that the land should be repurchased for sub-division instead of imposing the progressive land tax. If that was to be carried out he would say let the land of absentees be re-purchased, ? could hardly expect that much of that policy would be carried out. ihere waA a demand for good land and the difficulty was to find it. There was one matter which had not been touched npon. Supposing a man held a thousand acres which he had purchased at its un improved value of £10. the extra tax he would have to pay would be £5 4s 2d., but , Jf he reaped 500 acres and got a prettv cJrop\?a7 o£ 8 bushels, he might be able to sell 3,500 bushels in bulk, a £asheI more than a 7ia ^peuuy a bushel more than the smaller farmer he would have £7 5s 10d. more than he would have to be paid m respect to the progressive land tax. With regard to large hofdere if they did not use their land properly they 8a2£&?,frt0 ^ the extra tex ® . b® property tax. Ho had SfST1"'014 whea ia America, InotW tu 7™ a i?ost burdensome tax. mliro wo? ln ■ e ®bief Secretary's policy was progressive succession duties. He certainly did not like the Bill when it was introduced into the Assembly last Parliament, but in going through Committee it was so amended that It passed unanimously. The speaker then detailed the part he took in the amendment of the con-1 veyancing laws, resulting in the Real! Proptrty Act being passed. He was proud of the part he took in that agitation. He also endeavored to simplify the pro bate laws. They should be able to make a will and to deposit itjwith the Registrar, with whom it should be allowed to remain, and after death the executor should have' the right to claim an office copy, which should be sufficient for all purposes. If any large and important' Bills were to be brought forward they should he dealt with early in the session,, and not at the fag end, when private members had not the ghost of a chance of carrying amendments. He had made the land laws a special study. He did not think there was any necessity for codify ing the Act, as the laws had'been con solidated a short time ago, and there were only two Acts now. The administra tion of the land laws he did not like.' There were five land boards, who dealt with applicatiaQS for land all over the colony. The land had been too hurriedly allotted. The Boards required remodel ling. There was no necessity for five members, as three were sufficient, and two of them should be elected by the various; District Councils the same as the. old Road Boards were. It was absurd for the members to beeping- through the country valuing land. There .should be a surveyor with a special ;iw>wledge n9f the land to furnish reports. The, Bokrds were alto costing too much..,Hewas!informed large blocks of land had^heen allotted to people who had already alot of land. This should not be, as' their children required land. Heknewof men from Victoria who wanted land, having i to return in consequence of the lethargy of the Department dealing with applications. He was in favor of free selection before survey. He had taken an especial interest in working men's blocks. He believed the land should be given to them free; and instead of a lease there should be issued an occupation license which would cost only Is or 2s. instead of paying 30s for a lease as now. All public works should be of a reproductive character. Having been 666 miles along the Transcontinental Railway he had come to the conclusion that sooner or later they would have to go on to the MacDonnell Ranges, because the present terminus was in the worst country; bnt there ires no immediate hurry for the work. Camels would be able to carry on the traffic where the rail way was not built. He believed the 4ft 8£in gauge would have to be adopted unless they could arrange for the adoption of a 5ft 3in, but in any esse it would be a mistake to go on building new railways until the matter was settled. He ires in favor of the permit system between Vic toria a South Australia being revised. The Chairman then announced that the candidates were prepared to answer any questions. In reply to Mr. Schinckel, Mr. Goode said he was in favor of the Government supplying landholders with wire-netting in vermin-infested districts on certain conditions. If sandelwood would be as successful in killing them as it was said to be in the newspapers there might be no necessity for wire-netting. He was willing to support any measures that would grapple with the eviL Mr. Kjichauff was of the same opinion as his friend, Mr. Goode. The Government of New South Wales were about to in troduce a Bill to provide landholders with wire-netting on paying 5 per cent interest per annum. He thought that such loans should be arranged through District Coun cils. la reply to Mr. Faulkner; the candidates were in favor . oftaking '!fhe duties'- off kerosenej'tea,1snga^jini<i;cofFee, if practic able, but-Were adverse to tfhkermg with the tariff frequently, as it interferred greatly with legitimate- trading." In reply to tne-quesiion, if; they were in favor of taxing absentees, the candidates said the present'land and income taxes get at absentees. ^ Mr. E. B. Peake asked if the eandidates were in favor of a Minister of Agriculture being appointed, Mr. Goode did! not think .they could afford it yet. There were already six Ministers, and.thought that was sufficient. He would, however, favor, any measures that would promote more interest being taken in agriculture. Mr. Krichauff thought the time was coming when there would have to be an Agricultural Department. Old England had recently appointed a Minister of Agriculture; out he did hot think it would fce wise at present to have another , Ministerial Department. He strongly : favored an increased vote being given to the Central Agricultural Bureau so as they could assist the branch bureaus. The bureaus were doing good work, but they were crippled in their efforts owing to a want of funds. {Applause.) In reply to the question whether the candidates would support Sir John Downer's Divorce Bill, Mr. Goode said he aid not anderstand the measure, but was opposed to undne facilities being given for aivoroe. Mr. Krichauff said he supported Sir John Downer's bill lastParliament, bat on farther reconsideration would not be now in favour of it, as he saw a large number of persons were going- to seek divorce under Shiel's measure in "Victoria. On the proposition of Mr. E. R. Peake. seconded by Mr. A. Caldwell, a vote of thanks was passed to the candidates for their attendance. ; ' On the proposition of Mr. Goode. seconded by Mr. Krichauff( a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman: 