LEONARD LINDSAY; OH, THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. BY AXGUS B. BEACH. ? ... i~. ? ♦ ? — SYNOPSIS OP raiSVIQUSICHAI'TERS.: Ijeonard Lindsay, the narrator of this story of the seventeenth century, introduces himself to the reader the sou of a Fitie fisherman, lAo las taken to the sea as tia profession, aad in 1672, being then twentr *w« rears of ag?, has 'shipped in the ©olden Grove for a- Seaftsrninean yoyape. 'While ill the Bay of Biscay leottttrd falli; overboard jtmualpftin.a. -gale, the ship** ftireitqpmast being Barried anay. t On this he sattx^JuBrag? fpr ftdaj tvro '*aj!t.j- Icked up by a piraiioarjRrenich*luoca 'bound for 'the West Indies. Flndingjthat the cap tain of titia vessel tueaas to sell him ns a slave, he, With the aBsnotom-onf aTl ffrijflMihiaiiinriiiHTiprt Wrighf^ (exiled ooaumhmt of the part *e- had taken in the esjBcatiqn of Charles I.), escapes -with arms And prof usions in fi_ small .boat when the felucca neara thb. . American coast, fie come?*cro8S.» 'Buocaneei' «ettieme£tnitimp to irarnit of an impending attack &r6m.tbe;: Spaniards, which is tegnlsed. ~He Joins the tmccaneer brotherhood, asuaog ??whom are mtuy ^nglishniBn^.-md meets -ipitiL ^nany stxuige Adven! tnees. 'While Leonard is a'vvAypriacaiioeespedition, the Spanish return, attack am -capture iheBetUe ment aft-4;fi severe battle, aid completely route and disperse 'tbefiuctuieers. . ' ' CHAPTER Vt. HOW THE DEADLY FETOB OF THE COAST FASTENS Such was the history of the treacherous . Spanish attack which destroyed the settle ' ment of the Marmonsette. Our first care ?Wfcs to learn how the party : ire had ? met in ?With were armed, and great vra8;pur delight -: to find that the Indians , 'carried two' guns apiece, nearly all the mnskets in -the' viUag-fe \- having been broug-ht into (3ie woods. Besides there was abundance of rimramiition. After a short consultation, it was determined t6 take the canoe, and ' although bttr number tirould somewhat overload her, to cross to, the other side of the Iwj, where, we tad more security against being , molested. . Having therefore carefully looked to our pieces, we'^mberod .down the bank, and standing by. the canoe, anaaimonsly invested Stoat Jem--with the' odmmand of the expedition. .As the Ttiainiq' used the paddles most dexterously,''' they were set to work to .propel us, and w^th Stout Jem for steersman we set ,,out. ; -)n' our way I began! 'to .-experience V ]a drowsiness, -W&ch; I had before feitj'Tbut .immediately ?becked. Uovr, however, the ' sensation, amounting indeed te- one of impending tBtOpor, began' again, to' overpower me. My «3nn fell' upon my chest, ? and I had little snatches of disturbed sleep Jin' which curious confused ideas, and :odd ; combinations of vrirds and* thing's, seemed 'fo. Afloat into. nijr Strain, and^which. when'J! BJ^rted np again, -which Ij'wp^d do eVe^ininntei.fled.,awi^T *i^** \ iTT M fljfifj tT** *^ t SO ^Ul&V; ? -* — ?©©Old ' &OC; lOF niy life Remember . what' J|ia^; been idreani .vurof the*jigioineHt iseJEDre^z'^AU'^iis time ^X -was inwwclly nrged to J3peak,.;l t^eemed to; ham noffimg to ray, ^batssfili something forced mytoogne and lipi io 7niove,r and- all atoncel«#flBd«ut— '?' ??' :? ?'1 !v ?'' ^ M Is ffa«;a black corby ou the thorn-bush ; nearfliB'iboW^ grapnel';' ' ?' '' \- Ai tbise'rfr^Qrdiuary speech the Englisa aien in thed^ipe turned sharp round to me, «nd ^toutXem asked what I meant. . At his voice aUtoe 'dreamy sensations left me, and I felt myself Washing- np to the roots of my iudr, and wonderbpr what I had said, for 1 remembered not * word, *' Here,' said Stout Jem, kindly, ' swallow this, my good boy ; and he held me a great 'flask of t-pirite. ' You have been breathing over-much marsh fog. on an empty stomach, but you'll live to pay off Jack Spaniard, yet.' ' J.took the flask and held it to my head,, vhen suddenly the greasy' . leathern botfla appeared \p swellandlengthwi,TirHil it seemed a puncheon 'which I held. 'A cdiiona nervons1 Seeling came crawling over my limbs, and niy breath grew thick, and my eyes dun. ,.1316' first taste of the brandy banished these sen sations, and the cordial marvellously restored 'Ton must sat somewhat when we go ashore,' said Nicky. ' I am ravenous ; and tten we will consult on what we «an do to tB&eonr; revenge.' ' . ] ** No, no;' no eat,' said Blue Peter, the Mosquito Indian ; ' sleep mosh, sleep good, smoke pipe, and sleep cool and long.' But 1 felt so much bstter that I folly in tended to make a srood dinner. We landed in one of the bushy coves which abound in; -ie frith -of title Maxmonsefete, and which' -could not be seen by the Spaniards on the 'ofiner bank. Stout Jem then despatched the Indians to hunt, and ordered . the rest of the party to aid in bi^iding a hut. 'Nicky and! myself, however, were so 'weak from' wnt of food, that we were excused;! and the Dutchman, having some biscuits sad smoked beef in his pocket, generously' ^ave us enough to make a good meaL Meantime, Stout Jem, Black Diamond, and Meinheer were actively at work. They had two hatchets and tbeir long knives, and with: these they felled and prepared sufficient wood for their purpose, driving stakes into the earth, and interweaving leafy branches, with the akm of experienced foresters. Nicky and ? Z were then set to work to pull a quantity of coarse long grass which grew upon the beach, for beds; and one of the Mosquito men re turning, he kindled a fire, and began to cook the hindquarter of a fine boar which he had shot in the wood. Meantime I was plucking the grass, )-».jietimes sitting by the seaside, far I felt w.-.ik aud ilL The food I had eaten i 'was no reiVcsliment. My temples throbbed strangely, .-md my skin was fevered and Ay. Then these horrible wandering thoughts began to come again, and I squeezed my Vead with my hands, as though I could thus drive them --iii. Sometimes I thought I felt again the 5-ot marsh vapour sickening the air ; then tiu sea- breeze fanning me, I would tear the cl ithes from my chest, and put back my long dank hair to let the blessed 'ool wind play freely on me and cool my see hing blood. All at once I saw, under the shade of a .genipa tree, a tall stout man, who stood motionless, :ind watched me. Deeming him _ a Spaniard. I would have shouted out, but my tongue refused to_obey me, and turning hot and diy, rattlea as it were against my teeth, wlii! ao sound but a low hiss could X -form. Still the figure stood there ; and now Z saw a glimmer as of a naked weapon 'which it held. The sun being now setting, hia rays came slanting down, and one of tiiese quivering through the trees fell full upon the i.-iee of the stranger, and I saw ttat it was Walshe, with his great eyes glaring at ..ir-. just sis they glared when the shark rose in the mangrove canal, and pulled him down tenealii his crunching teeth. I stood trembling and trying to pray. T3ie features were livid and blue, and the -eyes sunk and expressionless, vet hor nbly bright. Just at this * moment one of the last puffs of the sea breeze shook the trees around, and the sunlight falling in a different stream, and chequered by other branches upon the appear ance, the face gradually seemed to change, feature after feature melted away, until the agonised countenance of the unfortunate seaman was gone, and, instead of it, there remained the massive features and pensive gravity of my preserver on board the Frensh xnan — Wright. Just then the weapon, which I had formerly observed to glitter, moved, and 1 saw the figure heave np a great broad axe on one hand, and point to it with the other. It was, indeed, the regicide, with the emblem and the instrument of bis deed. Making a sudden effort, I burst the leaden ixmds -which seemed to confine me, and with a 'strange courage, rushed forward. As I did the phantom grew dimmer and dimmer, and when I placed my hand upon its breast I felt but the jrn.-trled bark of the g-eniTia tree, whilst the axe, at the same instant, seemed to become a branch ?with clustering foliage dancing in the wind. I grew directly sick and faint. ' Oh, my Gou !'' i murmured, ' I am going mad ! My brain is whirling, and mv eyes make me see things which are not I' and. so I sank upon the around and sobbed. Pre sently, I was somewhat better, and I manned myeelf. 'It is but a feverish attack,' I thought. ' I will rc-turn aad try to sleep.' It was, however, with some difficulty that I arrived at the hut. My limbs felt as if loaded with lead, and the pain of an intense head ache went like hot iron wires into my brain. When I reached our half-finished abode, I saw everything tliroufrh ^ ^rt of Laze, u.211 the voices at my ear appeared to come from miles away. I was soon placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the windward side ,of the hut, and after that I remember little move of what happened during three nights and three days. Only I know that iny sufferings were very great ; that my mind appeared to ramble as thongh it were a disturbed spirit or ghost Sitting all over the -world. Now, I would seem to be iar aw-ay on the pleasant coast of Fife. The Sun would «hine, and the corn rustle, and the yellow broom by the buraie's banks smell sweet in the summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. I was, as it were, seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people I loved, but I could speak to. none. I saw my mother sitting on a sandy knowe, resting her head .upon her hand, and looking over the blue sea. But when I would embrace her, there came darkness and pain, and tie vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fancv X was at sea; sometimes it was ?in^eojd fisher-boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind, would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and the., boat would lie moveless as though nailed to the unstirring sea. Sud denly my father's eyes would look into nine with a long wan stare, and so would we «it glaring at each other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while months, and years, and ages, would, appear to come and go and bring no change. Anon the mood would ' alter. ' Thea. I was on board the old '.brig . .J.ein Livingstone, with a merry breeze and a blithesome crew. . The bonny ? crags of St. . Andrew's Bay would seem under our lee, with the ruined. towers' of abbeys and churches rising -over the' green links, and fading from our sight as we worked gallantly seawards. But the scene would straightway change, to a furious storm, in a mid-winter night, with the foam of the sea and -the 'snow-flakes flying together. Then round the light of the 'binnacle there would crowd ghastly' faces, staring into inine — faces with shaggy, antique beards like the ancient sailors ot Sir Patrick Spene, long, 1 jng sleeping in the wild North' Sea; and ao, surrounded by these fishy eyes of hapless drowned mariners, I wouli -feel the good brig seem to founder beneath myieet, so that I would start struggling up 'from my bed of grass, crying out that I was drowning — thatihe boiling waves were chok ing me ! . This was my seasoning ffever, as they called it ; and, though it did not last long — thanks to the good treatment and the medi clnal herbs of the Mosquito men— -it left me passing weak .and helpless., I recovered my reason all at once,' as ..one . waking from the stupor of a deep fileep. My .hair had been cut close, aud my head was tied- round with freshly- plucked plaintain leaves, con stantly drencned wjth water. : I lay upon blankets, none 6f which we possessed when I wks taken '^atidtiny^e^' was 'reasonably clean and fe^. _ The wattled'htit yras open; to the bn^i».rdtt'.,ei:e^yjm5e,;44a dd it' con-, tained but;ipne bed Jr^ore, tgaes^ed that it had been' given up for iny lose and that of my partner, Is icky, as indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw several pots, pans, baskets, and .boxes scattered, about, from which I 'concluded that .the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to recover some of l2ie wreck of their property from the ruins of their habita tions. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. I was too -weak at. .first to call oat, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor, and cool and mSist from hcafl to foot. The fever had thoroughly left me, and I felt thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the.' welj.-known smell of the smouldering iire ; of the., boncan SQ8taiig',fnto thelxut, and. .soon* ^terwardB, .jSRs^yjlwHih base arms alul.^rpaed 'handB, .eatetaed; hia eyes sparkled when he : saw me somuch' re covered, and:: presently .leaning the rest together, :they all 'shook' hands with me, and told me *o'be of go°3 cheer, 'for i had fore-j r«achedbn;the' inarsh^fevtir, tod would soon be quite liekrty^ ; And: so; indeed, it was. I grew V^ry ito^T} '^n^» being well . feel, re gainecl my fltreiigth ftiSt, 60 that, two or three days' after the feyprlfeft ^my blood,. I, was abroad sniffing the cool breezes of the' seal . Except two men — both Erench— who had joined when I was ill, none of the survivors . of our original party had turned up ; some of: them had no doubt been made prisoners by. the Spaniards, others might have started off to the eastward, as, indeed, many .pre- . viously intended ; but wefeared that upwards ; of one-half of our comrades were' either' captives, who would be forced to labour in, the mines of Cuba, or had already— and the . fate of thfese latter was more to.be envied — ' died withtheir wounds, in front) giving battle ' to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time after my recovery, and the test of die party being engaged in the usual toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the boucan, it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down toward* the mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from the north-west across the ocean. To make these expeditious more pleasant, I pre pared a mast with a small Ing sail, such as the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the scene of the late cou test. I found nearly every trace of a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, and over the ruins of the shat tered huts, great crops of luxuriant herbage had grown, from which I often started snakes and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests in the holes and crevices which, they found in abundance amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a . great spreading tree, there were rows of little mounds, very green. Here our poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their de parture, which happened on the day after I was attacked with fever, all our party had gone across the bay, and laid the dead Buccaneers beneath the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at pains to carve a deep cross; for, though tbe symbol in Europe be the mark of a corrupt and idolatrous church, still I felt that in the wilderness it might bear a truer and a -wider meaning, and point te future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered the graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VH. THE EDCCAXBEBS TTBE OF THE UFE OX SIIOUE, AXD DETERMINE TO GO AGAIN TO SEA. Searching about the place. I often dis covered little matters, which I stored in the canoe and brought to our new settlement, such as hammers, harpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas ; and twice I dug up from the rains boxes con taining seamen's clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these trunks I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of tbe greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with tb.at tongue. Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the boucan prepared for them at the villaare on the east side of the bay, having passed and none of them appearing, we concluded that stragglers from our old company had succeeded in making their -way to Jamaica, Toitagas, and other islands, and had informed the merchants and planters there of the attvks of the Spaniards, and the utter ruin of the settlement, addiujr, verv probably, that they -were the sole survivors of the massacre. It, therefore, became a question with us what to do. The Freucb. men were for jpurneying along the coast to the westward, and then, tvctcliing1 an oppor tunity to go across to Tortugas ; but Stout Jem told them they might do so if they pleased, but he would prefer an island where his awn countrymen had something- to say in matters, an opinion which the rest of the English, as -well as the Dutchmen and the | Indians, who do not love the French, joined in very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to do them justice, were very good fellows, on this gave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout Jem to the death. 'Say you so, my boys r' cried the Dover mariner. .' Thea so be it ; and what I pro pose is this. Here be nine stout men of us, for I count the Indians as good as white bloods Our peaceful trade in beef and bides, hath been rained by these accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea again.' This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem flung aloft his hat. *'We have had enough of the shore this bout, mates,' quoth he. ' I want to hear the wind whistle through tarry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my feet.' ' Yah, yah,' said the Hollander. ' 'We zaal be Zee Hoovers once more ; ' and all the company flung up tbeir hats like our leader, and swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing them ;' and, although I had always cheerfully taken my turn to watch the boncan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the ocean, and I would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the dasb. of. the\ foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, he was that easy kind of going man, that he seemed to care very little whether he was on land or sea. He worked, ate, drank, sang^ and slept, and then rose merrily next day^to go through the same routine. ?'-''But Stout Jem, who was the. life and soul, as well as the captain of our party, was a sailor all over. He had been many years in the Caribbean sea, was a good pilot, understood every current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew by heart every buccaneering trick for easing of their cargoes the treasure-ships of the Don?. But before -we could go to sea, we must have a vessel ; and saving the canoe, which was hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as un provided as though we lived on the top of a mountain. There was nothing therefore for it, as -we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards should come in a ship to us, that is to say, in such a .small eliip as we could master, and afterwards manage. We might indeed have not found much difficulty in enteriug an English privateer, many, of whom we knew were hovering on the coast; bat being acquainted . with each other well, we preferred in the first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, afterwards -rrmirfn^r such additions to our srew as might from time to time be resolved 3n. In th$ meanwhile, we continued to hunt md prepare Ae flesh of wild cattle and boars, 30 that we should have a good etockof pro visions when; we were ready to go. to sea. Being, as I 'have said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced the Mos quito Indians to allow me to' go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them fit these expedi tions, aud if they are forced to allow a white man into the canoe, they -will pur posely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in biie fever; and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, he made no dbjectipos to my accompanying ' him and his comrade in many of their expeditions. We used.io start before sunrise, Blue Peter in the bows of the canoe and Jack in the stern, both paddling quickly, while I Bat amidships in the bottom. r37o Europeans I ever saw can paddle so silently, Swiftly, and surely as the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold the shaft of the paddle almost dpright, never . touching the gunwale there with, or splashing rudely in the water. On bhe contrary, the 'broad part of the paddle Sips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glides with ap^rfec&y; fimnoWalidTSpid motion, so that, did you not observe how- fast the water ripples by, you would hardly think you were moving ait all. When pursu ing the manatee, our usual game, the head of the canoe was turned up the creek to the higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and low, -where the mangroves reared their dismal groves, and where the water graduallybeoomingbrackishaiidmuddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrow-bladed grass on which the manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seaL It is a misfortune for himself that he has tender white flesh, fasting like real, and that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, -which the Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might 'float unmolested in the warm muddy water, nibbling theetreaming grass, as thelazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eyes, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into the river, or a squatting flock of wild- ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring- pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, must sabmit to be harpooned and eaten. When we came to the feedinsr-ground which he loves, the Indians would paddle with double cautien, and Blue Peter, whe -was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his band. The spear used for capturing the manatee is about 8ft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to tike thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of which is fast to the babvtood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the -weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks iuto the crea ture's flesh, the staff coming unloosed from the iron, and the line rapidly unwinding from, the bobwood, as the stricken creature dives in its aprony and fear. The Indians then paddle after the staff, aud having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. I shall not soon forget the first manatee hunt I saw. 'We embarked at early dawn, and glided silentfy along the green shore, from which the mist of the night was lifting and rolling in white elouds far up the moun tains. After long Bkirtinsr the mangrove wood, -we turned from, the main channel into a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could not even hear the water at the canoe?s bow, her mould was so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a slight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blow, and the sun came down seorchingly upon the taugled wood aud the green water, the surface of which glanced like bright, clear oil. Presently Blue Peter laid Ids paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered round the trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled he:ip of soaking grass and weeds. The kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven imaire of ebony or bronze, and I saw the floating -weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing s»und as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of liis left hand, which he had kept outstretched ; his comrade at the stern saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weede. Ae she diverged from her course, Blue Peter stood erect, and raising1 bis rijrht arm, with all the muscles swelling: out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of tbe movinpr weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, ami the cauoe rocked upon a wave, which scattered the floating herbage, so that I saw disappearing in the water the broad brown buck of a creature as large as a cow. Bine Peter, the instant he struck, sank again upon his kaees, and snatching up the paddle, prepared to move. Meantime I could see nothing of the harpoon, for it had been carried under water. The ilosquito men then talked to each other in their own tengue, pointing to the direction in -which the manatee appeared to have dived, and then began to paddle lnstily. About five minutes mifi-ht have elapsed, wheu Blue Peter ex elaimed, ' Ho I — ther* I' and pointed. 1, looking- in the same direction, descried the staff of the harpoon seeming to fly along the surface of the water, the round bobwood throwing up; a -foam 2ft. hig-li. Then the Mosauito-menpuDed hard in -:liase. I could never have thought that then- gaunt, brown bodies had so much strength in them. The muscles of their naked arms aud chests strained and swelled, .tEe. paddle- shafts cracked, and the canoe seemed at every stroke to be lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that -we would never see cither harpoon or quarry; but, on a sudden, tbe motion of tbe .former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom, and lay there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, and began to pull upon the line. Imme diately that the wounded creature felt the smart, it started again. I saw the line vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of the cauoe ; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering-paddle, swept the bows round in the ' direction taken by the manatee, while Blue Peter fastened the line to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two, though not so much as I ex pected, and straightway we began, to move ihead, Peter crouching in the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of in hour did the wounded beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that the foam whizzed past ns — anon changing his 3ourse so suddenly, that had not the canoe been steered with .perfect .skill he -would have Iraggedus under water. Then, hia strength be zinning to ebbfromhinffast, wehauledupon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose blood was now reddening the water, [ pitied tbe poor creature, as he put his head ibove the surface, and grunted and moaned d iter his fashion, but he was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one' or two struggles and olunges, the manatee turned over upon its jack, dead. We towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off n search of more gumc of the same sort. But upon the whole, I better loved our ishing expeditions thua the himt of the uanatee. The poor -:lei'a:i;elcss brute always nspired me with pity. There is a meskness ibout his facs which moves one. He makes 10 attempt fcj turn io 'nay or show fhrht; but s slaughtered as unresistinsriy as a !»lf. and tbe haunts he loves are tbe nuddy and unwholesome canals among- the nangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we )ften rowed down the' bay to tiie rocky points md ledges of reef which formed the outer nost horns of the lagoon: There the clear, )lue sea, spangled by the meiry strength of he sea-breeze, stretched inimitably out, and be everlasting surf flung alof t. its clouds of ?parkling spray, high up among the ' rocks, low and then giviug the bushes a taste of the lavour of brine. It was in the stiM pools and ihannels, formed by b'reakwatcrs'of rock, that ;he canoe was then navigated. - Let. the. sea breeze be blowing, and the surging swells be Kissing in, as hard and fast as they night, there was always calm -water schind the reefs — so calin «nd so clear ! [ might think that I was looking into lie swirlings of our trout-pool in the Bal irearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, md the strange sea- weeds at the bettoni, ind the still strauger fishes floating, as it svere, in pure mid air, but a fathom down jeneath the keel of the canoe. Gliding over ,hese translucent waters, sometimes scraping ;hc battered side of our skiff against the rough :oral edges ; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave han ordinary burst upon the outside ?eef, the Mosquito men were in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, iis black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as hough he would note every scollop in the sdgeof the jagged sea- weed, or every wavy idge on the bed of white sand, and his long ihin fish-spear darting occasionally down nto the flood to be straightway drawn, lending and quivering, back with a noble ish; writhing ,aud. flotmdefing-,it impaled lpon €h$ ?' barns. Always ? upon -these ixpeditions . I kept a good look.-: tut seaward, and often mounted pin laclcs of rock that I might have the better riew. Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently let on board a small vessel slippiuy quickly lown to the westward, or beatiug painfully o windward ; but the barques were too far at tea for me to make out aught of their charac er or country. During the period of my sojourn in His janiola it was our custom to spend the svening together in the principal hut — that irhich was first constructed, aud which was )f an ample bigness. Here, seated round a rreat chest, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts )f the rich palm wine, and told in turn stories -f our lives and adventures. The hut being -nly wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blew throngh and', through t, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to waver and flicker, and not unfrequently putting it out altogether. We sat upon bundles made of our clothes, or heaps of dried jrass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of strage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun ; our [iair and beards long, tangled, and matted ; md our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and }ften red and greasy with the blood and fat 3f the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head md commander of our party, sat oil a kind af settle for a throne, and the rest of us srowded as near the great chest as we could, the two Mosquito men excepted, who jommonly eat apart squatted on their hams, md speaking to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on these evenings, not for money, of which we had none, but for the carcasses of the cattle which we liad killed and flayed ; but as the play was always fair and the di«;e true, it was gene rally found that :io one either lost or gained, much in the long run. It was, however, the story-telling nights I loved the best, ifany of the tales then told were indeed very vulgar and common, and unworthy of being recorded, turning solely upon butcheries of the Spaniards at sea, and upon great seasons of debauch, after a successful cruise, in Tortugas or Jamaica. Not a tew tales were told of ghosts and omens, and such extravagances, which the superstitious nature of 'sailors causes them to believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both at this time and afterwards, and I design to insert one here, not because I think it at all credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman, he had a good flow. Stout Jem called his history ? ' Tiie Leirond of Foul Weather Don,' and to it I will devote the next chapter. CHAPTER VIII. THE LEGEND OF FOUL--\VEATirEH BOX. Stout Jem told it thus : — '? 3iy story, mates, is a stran-re one, and I say not whether it be true or false. I heard it in the middle watch, one fine nijrlit, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman who told it to us, said, that when he was a boy he sailed with the man to whom the thing- hap pened, in a big ship which hailed from Bristol. That the spirits of tbe dead walk the world — ay, aud sail the seas —is a thing I cannot say nay to. I cannot tell you that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, but credible mariners and brave and sober men hiive assured me of things which havo made my marrow creep, and the hair stand up, all bristling out of my flesh. Well, then, about this story. The man to whom the adventure happened, was by name Xed Purvis, a mariner. It must be nigh sixty years ago since he sailed out of the port of London on a trading voyage to the coast of Guinea. Purvis was then a younker, there being little better than a year since he had followed the sea. and this was his firEt voyage abroad; he living under taken i in the ship of his uncle, a good old man, of a mild disposition, aud well loved of the crew. As for Ned Purvis, he was a reckless ruffling- blade, that cared neither for man nor devil, when his blood -was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in. a quarrel. But, as I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and {jreatly loved his nephew, and thought much of the lad's spunk and wild spirit. So they Bailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to traffic . for spices and rich oils and gold with the blacks of Africa. ' Having lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and pleasant weather, and nought occurred until the seventh day from that in which they saw the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving throngh the water and no more, for the breeze was but a puff, and the sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in it, so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, that almost all the men on deck saw her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside ; and yet no one had seen her approaching. But strange as that was, com rades, it was not so strange as the cut of the boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the man in her. The stem and stern of the craft were very high, and ended in curled bi|s ef carved wood. Her gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, in such a way as you may have seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, and such buildings in England and France, and the Low Countries, being very artificial iWork done with aravers and chisel?. 'Ned Purvis rememoereti atterwaros, when he saw a great Spanish painting of Christopher Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon the island of Hispaniola, that the admiral sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after the fashion of that of -which I am now telling you. And the man, mates, looked as old' as bis boat. He had on a high conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes , in the ihe arms, and brocaded flowers -embroidered thereon. Bound his neck was a stiff ruff. He had red stocking?, and great bunches of ribbon in his shoes. The face of this strange person was severe and grave. He had no moustachois, but a thin peaked board which fell over his frill. Every now and then he smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was that of a bitter sneer; and bis eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and from which men turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well,, then, the cap tain, when he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, as . you may have seen small birds on the boughs gaze at snakes, whose eyes glitter out of the grass beneath, and presently the man in the boat waved his arm, as a signal to those on board to take him in. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain could pre vent him, Ned flung & rope to the stranger, who straightway cauglit'holA of it and mounted on deck. ? ' ' ' Where is your captain ?' says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. ' The old man comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth, he — ' * In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship ?' ' Now, at ? the name of God, Ned Purvis thought that the strange man started and shook ; but he replied not, only taking the old captain by tiie hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. *' Men, said the old mariuer, faintly, ' he will not be denied ; get his boat aboard.9 But the crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each other, but put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purvis stood forward. ''Who are yon?' eaid he, 'and why should we take you or your boar aboard ?' ' * Ton yourself asked me,' quoth the strange man ; ' yon flung the rope ; but for that I should have floated past you. I never come but where some one welcomes me.' 'Nbwv atrtffis.^ed. Purvis confessed that he felt like' a -^eat sfcher^and'ali rite men turned round and. looked first at him. and then at the stranger. Bat Njed plucked up courage, and determined to give them all bold words. So he walked up to the stranger, and said — ' ' Well, I did heave you a rope ; no true-hearted mariner would see a man adrift upon the ocean, and not offer Mm rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done but our duty in saving you ; if you be not, why, -we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences, and we defy the devil and all bis works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' ' And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and her bottom was as foul with barnacles and sea -weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, the stranger and the captain went below, and the men stood in a group round the cabin, but they could hear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark he was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at the strange event of the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. ' ' Nevvy !' says the old man, * know you whom you have brought aboard into this ship?' ' ' Why, uncle,' answered Ned, some what taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we find starving in a boat upon the ocean, more th^n a week's sail from land f ' ' ' Ay, nevvy,' quoth the old captain, ' any man, but not any phantom ; it is more than 8, hundred years since the passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a man !' ''Do you know him then, uncle?' says Ned : ' have you ever seen him before ?' ''Ay, boy.' replied the old mariner; 'once, when I was a youth, he boarded a 6hip in which I failed, as he did ours to day.' ''And what did he?' asked the young sailor, his heart fluttering1 within him. ' 'liaised storms,' said the elder Purvis, solemnly ; ' raised a tempest such as I never saw before, and had hoped, until now, never to see aarain.' ' ' Then, in the name of God,' says !Xed, clenching iis fists, ' as I brought him on board, I'll pitch him overboard, and III begin with hid boat first.' And so saying, he began to make fast a tackle to the curled prow. ''Hold, hold!' said Captain Purvis: ' he must so by his owii free will, or he will not jro :it all.' ' ? But who — who. in the devil's name, is he, uncle f' shouted Ned. ' ' Hois a restless phantom — a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his voice trembling-, :md bis prey liair all dank with the cold sweat. ' He was a cruel cap tain of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought jrreat cruelties to the natives, and eveu to his fellow countrymen, amassing thus a great treasure, which he buried in oue ai the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies, to wait an opportunity of conveying: it to Spain : at length tfliis seemed to have arrived, and iu a stout vessel he set sail for the treasure island ; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixed upon him, and liaviug- partially re covered, he found his memory so gone that he could not recal to his mind any signs by which he knew either the island, or the part of it where the treasure lay. ^Notwithstanding-, however, he would continue to cruise for weeks and weeks amoujjtlie cluster called tt-e Yirjriii Isles, to the cast of Porto Iiico — neivr slespins:, so they said who sailed with iiim, but always staiidiu-r on the highest yard, gazinjr wistfully for his treasure he had burlud. At length his crew lost patieuee, and insisted upon returuiuir to Hispaniola ; :;t this he fell into furious fits of rage-, but at last, they being- obstinate, he swore ji solemn oatb. that dead or alive, lie would sail the sea until his treasure was either found and spent or placed for ever beyond tiie reach of men. Aud thon, order ing- them to put out a boat, stepped on board, and they lofthim floating, an hundred years ago, just as we foand him this after noon.' ' * But he has been seen since,* quoth Xed, after a pause, for he did not know what to think of this story. ' * Twice that I know of,' said his uncle, . ' and once, I tell you,- I saw him, and he came on board and brought tempest with him; they called him 'Foul -Weather Don,' and learned, men say he must keep bis oath, in the spirit, if not in the body, and that he will have no rest till the* terms of it be ful filled.' ' 'So he brought bad weather, did he?' said Ned, musing. ' * For the three weeks he was on board,' says the old man, ' the blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the -mainyard.' ' ' And what did he do all 'that time ?* cries Ned, again. ' ' He sat in the great cabin,' replied tbe uncle, ' with his back against the rudder case, and never spoke word nor broke bread.* ' ' Hew did he leave you F was Ned's next auestion. ''He rose one evening, justin the twilight, and ordered the eaptain to put his boat into the- water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that one ' — and the old sailor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottom one bed of weed and barnacles — 'but that one floated like a duck upon the great breaking seas; and presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Foul Weather Don stepped to the gangway, and from thence on board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising . on the tops of the great seas, and standing up in the boat with his hands clasped, as one praying!; then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour the gale broke, the sea went down, and we were again enabled to- lay our proper course.' ' ' And what is Foul- Weather Don doing in the cabin just now ?' says Ned. ' ' Sitting with his back against the' rudder-case,' answered Captain Purvis ; 'and gee — look there!' the old man added, and he pointed to the east, ' look at that bank of cloud rising from the oeean — there's the gale coming. Before midnight; Foul Weather Don will have all his vr'tiai Vowing about him.' (to be coxTrsru; d.) 