Recipes. \- POOR MAN'S GINGER SNAPS. Molasses, one cup; butter, two tablespoon- fuls; ginger, one tablespoonful; soda, one tablespoonful; flour enough to roll out thin. Boil the treacle and stir in the butter, Ginger and soda rolled fine, and stir in the Flour while hot; roll thin, cut and bake. DROPPED BISCUIT. \- Even housewives the most thrifty unawares At times are taken, when the varied cares Of life upon their souls as heavy sit As did the ghosts on Richard's. Then most fit For all who care their troubled state to cheer, And change to jocund smiles the starting tear. A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally there is not a crumb Prepared to eat. Then it is well to know A recipe like this I give below. Take one pint flour, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet, Mix well within the flour. Then then you take A teaspoonful besides of lard. And make Your doughty, with milk administered, to be Of must (good mush), the same consistency, Then drop (small quantities) into the pan, And have your oven just the heat (you can) To amok the biscuit crisp. Try it, pray do! And you will say, I know, "Our thanks to you." DRIED APPLE DUMPLINGS One pint of dried apples, cut; one half pint of sweet milk, two teaspoonfuls of baking powder and one tablespoonful of butter or lard. Use flour sufficient to make into small biscuits, and drop into boiling water and boil quickly till the apples are done. Cut the apples into small bits with scissors and soak in warm water before making. Eat with cream sauce flavoured with nutmeg. CHICKEN PIE. Single and parboil a pair of chickens, cut them up and soak till quite tender. Uncover when nearly done and let the water boil away till reduced one-half. Line a large, deep pan with biscuit dough made very short and rolled about an inch thick, and put in the chicken cut into finer pieces, with butter, salt, pepper, a dredging of flour, and their own gravy. Cover and bake till the upper crust is brown. Serve with mashed potato. IRISH STEW Cut two pounds of the neck of mutton Into small pieces, put it into a kettle with One onion sliced and a bunch of pot herbs Nicely dressed, and simmer for one hour, Then add two tablespoonfuls of rice, simmer Ten minutes, add two potatoes cut into dice, And while they are cooking ten minutes Longer make your dumplings. Put a pint of [missing text] And a heaped teaspoonful of baking powder, Moisten this with about a gill of milk; the Dough must be soft. Form it lightly into Balls, dry them on top of the stew, cover the kettle, boil ten minutes, season and serve. LIGHT DOUGH DUMPLINGS. Make very light bread-dough into small balls the size of eggs. Have ready a pot of water, boiling fast. Drop in the dumplings, take care to have the water more than cover them. Cover the pot and boil for twenty minutes steadily, without lifting the cover. If it stops boiling for a moment, the dumplings will be heavy. Serve hot with butter and sugar for dessert. 