STAND FAST, CRA1G-R0YST0N / NEW NOVEL, BY WILLIAM BLACK, Acthob of . "A Prinokss of Thule," "sab1na zoibra," &0. All Rights Reserved. Chapter VI— Fairy Land. It was a soft summer night, cool and fragrant after the heat of the long July day ; and hero, under an awning in the stern of the house boat White Rose, ware George Bethune, his grand daughter Maisrie and Vincent Harris, looking out upon tbe magio sceno that stretched away from them on each hand up and down the river. All the dusk was on fire with illuminations; tbe doors and windows ol the house boats sent forth a dull golden glow ; there were colored lamps, crimson, blue and orange, there were strings of Chinese lanterus that scarcely moved in the faint stirring of wind ; and now and again an olectrio launch would go by— stealthily and silently — with brilliant festoons of fierce white lights causing it to look liko some gigantic and amazing insect irradating the dark. Tho smooth surface of the stream quivered with reflections ; here and there a rowing boat glided along, with a cool plash of oars ; a gondola came into view and slowly vanished — tiie white clad gondolier visionary as a ghost. Everywhere there was a seent of flowers ; and on board this particular house boat there was but the one prevailing per fume ; for the sole decoration of the saloon consisted of doop crimson roses — a heavy splen dor againBt tho white nnd gold wails. From some neighboring craft camo tho tinkle of a banjo; there was a distinct hum of conversa tion ; tho unseen reeds and wntorlilies could be imagined to be whispering in tbo silence. Among tho further woods and meadows there was an occasional moving light ; no doubt tho campers-out wero preparing to pitch their tents. "Mr. Talkative of Prating-row is hardly wanted here to-night," old George Bethune was saying, unmindful of his own garrulous habits. " Music is bettor. What is that thoy aro sing ing over there, Maisrie?" The Canadian Boat Song, grandfather." "Oh, yes, of courso; I thought it was familiar. And very pretty it sounds, coming across the water — though I do not know whether the air is modern or old. What I am certain of," he coutinued, raising his voice slightly as he usually did when he was about to disoourse, " is that the finest national airs are ancient beyond tho imagination of men to con ceive. No matter when words may have been tnaked on to them ; tho original melodies, warlike, or pathetic, or joyous, wcro tho voice of millions of generations that passed away leaving us only these expressions of what they had felt. And if ope oould only retranslate them ! — if one could put back iuto speech all the human suffering that found expression in suoh an air as The Last Rose of Summer, wouldn't that electrify tho world? I wonder how many millions of generations must have suffered aud wept and remembered ere .that piteous ory could have been uttered ; and when I como to Tom Moore's wretched triviali ties — " " Grandfather," interposed Maisrie Bothuno, quickly (for there wore certain subjects tbat angered him beyond endurance) "you must not forget to show Mr. Harris that old play you found — with tho Scotoh airs, I mean — " "Yes, tbat is ourious," said tho old man, yielding innocently. " Ourious, is it not, that long before either Burns or Scott was born, a Scotchman named Mitohell should have col lected over fifty of the best known Sootch airs and printed them, with wovds of his owu ; and that bo should have ebosen for the scene of bis play tlio Borders of the Highlands, so ns to contrast tbe manners and customs of tho High land chieftains and theif fierce clansmen with those of the Lowland lairds and the soldiery sent to keep the peace between them. The Highland Fair was produced at Druiy Lane about 1730, if I remember aright ; but I cannot gather whether Ewen and Colin, and Alaster and Kenneth, impressed tho Londoners much. To me the book is valuable becauso of the airs — though I could wish for the original songs in stead of Mitchell's — " Here Maisrie, seeing that her grandfather was started on n safer subject, quiotiy rose, and at the first pauso Bhe said — " I see soma of the boats are putting out their lights, and that is a hint for me to be off. I suppose wo shall ho woke early to-morrow morn ing by the boats. Good night, Mr. Harris I Good night, grandfather !" She shook hands with both, and kissed her grandfather ; then she passed into the glow of that wonderful rose palace and made her way along to the ladies' cabin at the bow, into whioh she disappeared. Vin Harris now lit a cigar — the first during this day. But when old George Bothuno resumed his monologue, it was neither Highland clans nor Lowland songs that concerned him ; it was something that proved to be a good deal more interesting to his patient listener. It was of Mnieiie's youth thnt he Bpoke, and that in a far more simple aud natural way than was his wont. There wero no genealogical vauntings, no ex alted visions of what she should be when sho came in for her rights ; thore were reminiscenocs of her earlier yoars, and of his and her wander ings together ; and there was throughout a certain wistfuluess in his tone. For onee be talked without striving for effect, without trying or&torically; to convince himself ; and it is to bo imagined how entirely Vincent was engrossed by this simple reoitaL Not that there was any oonBeoutive narrative. The young man could only vaguely gather that Maisrie's father hod been n railway engineer ; that ho had married a young Scotch lady in Baltimore before going out west; that Maisrie had been born in Omaha; that shortly thereafter her mother died ; thon came tho collapse of certain speculations her father bad been led into, so that tbe widower, broken in heart and fortuno, Boon followed his young wife, leaving their child to the care of her only surviving relative. "Whether there were somo remains of the shattered fortune, or whether friends subscribed to mako up a small fund for them, it appeared that the old man and his granddaughter were not quite penniless ; for he took credit to himself that ho had spent nearly all their littlo income, arising from this unspeoified source, on Maisrie's education. " I wish to havo her fitted for Bny sphero to which she might be called," ho wont on, in a musing kind of way. "And I hope I have succeeded. She has bad tho best masters I could afford ; and something of her teaching I have taken upon myself. But, after all, that is not of the greatest importance. She has seen the world — far more than most of her years ; and she has not been spoiled by the oontact. I oould have wished her, perhaps, to have had more of the companionship of her own sex ; but that was not often practicable, in our wandering life. However, she has an intuitive sympathy that stands for much; and if in society — wiiich is not much in our way— she might show herself shy and reserved, well, I, for one, should not com plain; that seems to mo more to be coveted than confidence and self assertion. As for out ward manner she has never wanted any school mistress besides her natural tact and her own refinement of feeling ; sho is a gentlewoman at heart ; rudeness, coarsoness, presumption would be impossible to her — " " Tho merest stranger can see that," Vincent vontured to say, in rnthor a low voico. " And thus so far we have oomo through tho world together," the old man continued, in the same meditative mood. "What Ihave dono I have done for the best Perhaps I may have erred ; what could I tell about the uproaring of a young girl ? And it may bo that what she is now she is in spite of what I have done for her aud with her— who knows suoh mysteries ? As for tho future, perhaps it is better not to look to it. She is alone ; she is sensitive ; the world is hard." "I know many who would liko to bo hor friends," the young mau said, breathlessly. " Somotimes," old Goorge Bethune continued, Blowly and thoughtfully ''I wonder whether I havo done my best. I may have built on false hopes— and taught her to do the same. I seo young women bettor equipped for the battle of tho world, if it is to come to that. Perhaps I have been selfish too ; perhaps I havo avoided looking to tho time when she and I must in the natural course of things be separated. We havo been always together ; as one, I might say ; the same sunlight has shone ou us, wo havo mot tho same storms, and not much caring, so long a? we were the one with the other. But then — the years that can be granted me now are but few ; and she has no kinsman to whom she oan go, even to glean in the fields and ask for a pitcher of water. And when I think of her — alone — among strangers— my Maisrio — " His voice choked — but only for a moment. He euddonly sprang to his feet, and flung his arms in tho air as if he would free himself from this burden of despondency and doubt. "Why," said he, in accents of scornful impatience, "havo I gone mad, or what pestilent thing is this ! Sursum cordal We have faced tho world together, sho and I, and no ono has ever yet fonod us down-hearted. ' We've ayo been provided for, and sac will wc yot I do not mean as regards tho common necessities of life— for these aro but of small account — but the deeper necessities of sympathy and hope and confidence. Stand fast Craig-Royston ! — ' thie rock shall fly from its firm base as soou as 1 1' Well, my young friend," he continued, quito cheerfully and bravely, " you have seen me in a mood that is not common with me ; you wfU say nothing about it — to her, especially. She puts her trust in me; nnd so far, I think, I have not failed her. I have said to her ' Come the three corners of tho world in arms, arid wo shall shock them ; ' ill fortune buffets uselessly against 'man's unconquerable mind.' Sho knows the race she comes of, and tbe motto of that race : Craig-RoyBton holds its front 1 Well, well, now, lot mo thank you for this boautiful evening ; and on hor behalf too ; she is at the time when the mind should bo stored witli pleasant memories. Perhaps I havo been over communicative, and mado you tho victim of idle fears; but there will be no more of that ; to-morrow yon shall find me in my right mind." Ho held out his hand. The young man did not know what to say — there was so much to say I Ie could only mnke offer of some further littlo hospitalities, whioh Mr. Bethune declined ; then the steward was summoned, to put out the lamps and make other preparations, so that tho W hito Kose should fold its petals together for the slumber of tho night. And presently a pro found pcaoe reigned from stem to stern ; and the last plashing of tho oars outside had died away. But it was not to sloop that Vincent devoted the early hours of this night and morning. His mind was tossed this way and that by all kinds of moods and projects, tlio former piteous and tho latter wildly impracticable. He had never before fully realised how curiously solitary was tho lot of theso two wanderers, how strango was their isolation, how uncertain was their future. And while the old man's courage and bold front provoked his admiration, he corild not help looking at the other side of the shield ; what was to become of her when her only pro tector was taken from her ? Ho knew that they were none too well off, thoso two ; and what would she do when loft alone? But if on tho very next day ho were to go to Mrs. Ellison and borrow £10.000 from her, which ho would havo mysteriously conveyed to old George Bethune ? He could repay tho money, partly by tho sacri fice of his own small fortune, and partly by tbo assigning ovor of the paternal allowance ; while ho could go away to Birmingham or Sheffield, or wherever tho placo was, and earu his living by becoming Mr. Ogden's private secretary. They need never know from whom this bounty came, and it would render thorn secure from all the assaults of fortune. Away up thoro m the Black Country ho would think of them ; and it would lighten the wearisome toil of tho desk if he conld imagine that Maisrio Bethune had left the roar and squalor of London, and was perhaps wandering through theso very Thnmes-sido meadows, or floating in some white-garaiturcd boat, under the shado of the willows. Thero would be rest for the pilgrims at last, after their world bufferings. And so he lay arid dreamed aud pitied and planned, until in the window of the small stato room there appeared the first blue grey of the dawn, about which timo he finally fell asleep. But next morning nil was briskness and activity around thorn — flags flying, colored awnings being stretched, pale swirls of smoko rising from tho Btovo pipes, tho pioniccrs in tho meadows lighting their spirit lamps for the breakfast tea. Tho sun was shining brightly, but thero was a cool breeze to temper the heat ; the surface of tho stream was stirred into silver ; the willows arid rushes wcro shivering nnd swaying ; a scent of new mown hay was in tho air. Already thoro wero plenty of craft afloat on business or on pleasure bent ; early visits being paid, or masses of flowers, ferns and palms being brought along for purchasers. Maisrio was the first to be up and out ; then old George Bethune could be heard gaily singing in his stato room, as an accompaniment to his toilet — " Hey, Jonnie Copo, aro yo wankin yot, And are your drums adieatin yet, If ye were wnukiii, i would wait To meet Jennie Cope in the morning?" Finally, when Yincont, with many apologies for boing late, mado his appearance outside, he found tlio old man comfortably seated in the stern sheets, under the pink and white awning, reading a newspaper he had procured some where, while Maisrie was on the upper deck of the house boat watering tho flowors with n cun that she had got from the steward. And, indeed, to this young mm it appeared a truly wonderful tiling that theso three, some little while thereafter, iu the cool twilight of the saloon, should be seated at breakfast together ; they seemed to form a little family by them selves, isolated and remote from the rest of tho world. They forgot the crowded Thames out side and the crowded meadows ; hero thore was quiet and a claiming companionship; a hand that was playing somewhoro was so distant as to be hardly audible. Then tho saloon itself was so pretty ; for though tiie boat was named the White Rose, there wis a good deal of pale pink in its decorations ; tho flutings nnd cornice wero pink where they wore not gold, and pink wero the muslin ourtains drawn round the small windows ; while tho pro fusion of deep crimson roses all round the long room, and the masses of grapes and pino apples | ou tho breakfast table made up a picture almost typical of summer, in the height of its luxuriance and shaded coolness. "This scams very nice," said the young host, " even supposing thero were no river end no rnoing. I don't seo why a caravan like this shouldn't be put on wheels and taken away through tho country. Thero is an idea for you, Mr. Bethune, whenyousot out on your pilgrim age through Scotland. Wouldn't a movable of this kind be tho very thing for Miss Bethuno and you ? — you could set it afloat if you wanted to go down a river, or put it on a lorry when you wnntcd to tako tlio road." " I'm afraid all this luxury would be out of place in 'Caledonia, stern and wild,'" tho old man said. " No, no ; these things are for tho gay south. When Maisrio and I seek out the misty Bolitudes of the north, and the graves of Renwick and Cargiil, it will he on foot ; and if we bring away with us somo little trifle to remind us of Logan's streams and Ettrick's shaws, it will bo a simplo tiling — a blue-bell or a bit of yellow broom. I have been thinking that perhaps this autumn we might begin — " " Ob, no, grandfather." Maisrie intorposed at onoe. "That is impossible. You know you have the American volumo to do first. What a pity it would be, "sho wont on, with on insidious nnd persuasive gentleness wiiich tho young mriu had seen hor ndopt before in humoring her grandfather, " if somo ono else were to bring out a book on tho same subject before you. You know no one understands it so thoroughly as you do, grandfather ; and with your extraordin ary memory you can say exactly what you require; so that you could send over and got tho materials you' want without any trouble." " Very well, very well," the old man said, curtly. " But we neod not .talk business at such a rime as this." Now there was attached to tho White Rose a rowing boat ; and a very elegant rowing boat it was, too, of varnished pino ; and by and bye Vincent proposed to his two guests that they | should get into the storn sheets, and ho would take a short pair of sculls, and -pull them up to tiie bt'idgo to show tliein tlio other house boats, and tho people, and the fun of the fair generally. "But wouldn't you tnko the longer oars, "said Maisrie, looking down into tho shapely gig, "and let me have ouo?" "Oh, would you liko that?" ho said, with eagor delight. "Yos, by all means, if you pare to row. It is a light boat though it's long ; you won't find it hard pulling. By tho way, I hunted about everywhere to got a gondola for you, and I couldn't." "tiut who told'you I had over tried nn oar in a gondola?" sho oskeil, with a smile. "Why, you yoursolf ; was I likuly to forget it?" bo Baid reproachfully. , And oh ! wasn't he a proud young man when he saw this rare and radiant creature — elad nil in whito sho was, navo for a bunch of yellow ting onps In her white sailor hat, and a belt; of dull gold satin at her waist — when ho saw her step down into the boat, nnd take her place, and pat out the stroke oar with her prettily shaped hands. Her grandfather was already in the torn sheets, in possession of the tillor topes. "When they moved off into mid- stream, it was very gently, for tho river was alrondy beginning to swarm ; and he observed that she palled as one aconstomed to pulling, and with case ; while as ho was responsible for keeping time, they had nothing to bo ashamed of as they slpwly moved up the course. Indeed, they were only paddling ; sometimes they had to call a halt altogether, when there was a confusion ; and this not onweloome leisure they devoted to an observation of the various crews — girls in tho lightest of Bummer costumes, young men in violent blazers — or to a oovert inspection of tho other house boats, with their parterres and festoons of flowers, thoir lingo Japanese sun shades and tiuted awnings, nnd the brilliant groups of laughing and chattering visitors. 44 Oh, Mr. Harris, do look — isn't that a pretty one 1" Maisrie exclaimed, in an undertone. He glanced in tho dircotion indicated, and there beheld a very handsome house boat, all of rioh hoed mahogany, its chief decoration being flowerboxos in blue tiles filled with marguerites. At the same instant ho found that a pair of eyes wore fixed on him — eyes that wore familiar — and the next moment he knew that Mrs. Ellison, from the upper deck of that mahogony house boat, was regarding bim and his oompauions with an intense curiosity. But so swift was licr scrutiny, and so impassive her face, that ere ho oould guess at the result of hor investigation she had made him a formal little bow and turned away to talk to her friends. Of course, with one hand on the oar he raised his hat with the other ; but tho effoct of this suddcu recognition was to leave him rather breathless and bowil- dered. It is true, he had half expected her to be there; but all the same he was not quite prepared ; and— and ho was '.v-oreluuiig what uhu wasthiukiug now. However, tbo officials wero beginning to oloar tho course for tho first raoo : so the gig was ran in behind one of the tall white poles ; and there tho small party of three remained until the rival crews had gone swiftly by, when it was permitted them to return to tho White Roso. After luncheon he said ho would leave his guests to themselves for a little while as he wished to pay u visit to a friend he had seen on one of the other house boats ; then he jumped into the gig, made his way along to the Yilleg- giotura, got on board, wont up tho steps, nnd found himself among a crowd of people. Mrs. Ellison, noticing him, discreetly left the group she was with and camo to him, taking him in a measure apart. "Wait a moment, Yin," she said, regarding the young man. "If you wish it— if you prefer it — I hove seen nothing." " What do you mean, aunt 2" ho said, with some Inclination to anger. Why should I seek any concealment? I want you to come along, that I may introduce you to two friends of mine." Instinctively she seemed to draw back a little, almost as if sho wore afraid. Oh, no, thanks, Yin. No, thanks. Ploaso leave me out." . " Why ? he domandod. ___ The pretty young widow was .embarrassed and troubled ; for sho know the fiery nature of young men ; and did not want to provoko any quarrel by an unguarded expression. "Well — it is simply this, you know — thoy arc strangers — I mean — I suppose that neither your father nor any of the family have met thom — they seemed somehow like Btrangors — unusual looking — and — and I shouldn't like to be tho first. Leave me out, there's a good boy !' " Why ?" ho demanded again. So she wss driven to confession. "Well, look here, Yin : I may bo wrong; hut aren't these now friends somehow commoted with your being bo much away from home of late — with your boing iu those lodgings ? Was it thore you made their acquaintance ?" " If you want to know, I taw them first at Lord Musselburgh's," said ho with an amazing audacity ; for although the statement was literally true, it was ontircly misleading. ' And apparently it staggered the pleasant eyed young widow. " Oh, at Lord Musselburgh's?" said Bhe, with a distinct (but cautious) change of manner. " Oh, really. Lord Musselburgh's. But why should you want to introduce me to them, Vin ? " " Because," said he, " they have never mot any member of our family ; and as you are the most goodnatured and tho prettiest, I want to produce a favorable impression nt the outset." She laughed, and was not displeased. " Thero are somo other qualities that seem to characterise our family — impudcuco for one," sho observed. "Weil come olong, the£, Vin : where are your frieuds 2" "In a houso boat down there — tho White Hose." "The White Rose? I noticed it yesterday — very pretty — whose is it 1" " Mine for the present ; I rented it for tho week," he replied. "Who are tho other members of your party?" "None — only thosotwo." But hero she paused at the top of the steps ; and said in an undertone — "Really, Vin, this i3 too much! You, a young man, entertaining those two — and no lady chaperon " He turned nnd looked at her, with straight eyes, "Oh, it's quite right," sho said, hastily. "It's quite right, of ooiftsc — but — but so muoh en evidence — so prominent — people might talk." "I never try to himlor people from talking," said he, with a certain seorn. And if thoy busy thomselves with my small affairs, they aro welcome to ring their discoveries from the tops of the steeples. I did not ask anybody's per mission when I invited two friends of mine, who had never been to Henley boforo, to be my guests during the regatta week." "Of course not, of course not," sho said, gontly ; "but you are doing it in such a marked way " "Come, come, aunt," said he, "it isn't like you to niggle about nothing. You are not n prude ; you have too much good nature — and too muoh common sonse. Anil I don't want you to go on board the White Roso with any kind of prejudice in your mind." They could not got away just then, however, for the course was being cleared for tho next raoe ; so they lingered there until thoy saw, far away on the open river, two Bmall objects like water inseots, with slender, quick moving legs, coming rapidly along. Tho dull murmur of tho erowd became a roar as the boats drew nearer. Then tbo needle liko craft shot by, almost neck and neak ; and loud were the shouts that cheered this one or that ; wliilo straining eyes followed them along to the goal. Tho sudden wave of enthusiasm almost immediately subsided ; the BUtface of tho river was again being crowded by the boats that had been confined behind tho white poles ; and now Vincent got his fair com panion down into tho gig, and, with some little difficulty and delay, rowed her along to tho White Rose. He was very anxious as he conducted her on board, but he affected a splendid carelessness. i " Mr. Bethune," said he, "let me introduce you to my aunt, Mrs. Ellison — Miss Bethune, Mrs. Ellison — now come away inside, and we'll get Borne tea or strawberries or something- racing isn't every tiling at Henley " "It isn't anything at all, so far as I have seen," said Mrs. Ellison good humorcdly, as she followed her nephew into tho saloon. "Woll, this is very pretty — very pretty indeed — one of the simplest and prettiest— so cool looking. I hear this is your first visit to Henley," sho con tinued addressing the old man, when thoy hod taken their seats, Vincent meanwhile bustling about to get wine and biscuits and fruit, for the steward hod cone ashore. "It is," said he, "and I am glad that my granddaughter has seen it in such favorable circumstances. Although she has travelled much, I doubt whether she has ever seen any thing more charming, more perfect inpts kind. Wc missed the Students' Sorenndc at Naples last year, but that would have been entirely different, no doubt ; but this is a vast water picnic, among English meadows, at the fairest time of tho year, and with such a brilliancy of color that tho eye is delighted in every direction." He was self-possessed enough (whatever their eagerly solicitous young host may have been) ; and he went on, in a somewhat lofty and. sententious fashion, to desoribo certain of the great publio festivals and spectacles ho had wit nessed in various parts of the world. Mrs. Ellison was apparently listening, as she ate a strawberry or two ; but in reality sho was covertly observing the young girl (who Bat somewhat apart) and taCmg note of evory line and lineament of her features, and even evory detail of her dress. Vincent brought Mr. Bethune a tumbler of claret with a lump of ice in it; he drained a doop draught ; and rosumed his story of pageants. Maisrie was silent, her eyes averted ; the young man asked himself whether tho beautiful profile, the fine nostrils, tho sensi tive month, would not plead for favor, oven though Bhe did not speak. It seemed a thousand pities that her grandfather should be in this garrulous mood. "Why did not Mrs. Ellison turn to the girl direot? Ho felt sure thero would bo an instant sympathy between those two, if only Mai3iio would appeal with her wonderful, true eyes. What on earth did anyone wnnt to know about the resplendent appoaranco of tho Whito Cuirassiers of tho Prussian Guard, as thoy rodo into Prague a week or two aftor tho battlo of ICdniggriitz, with their dusky nnd swarthy faces and thoir copper hued breastplates lit up by tho western sun? But, on the other hand, Mrs. Ellison was not displeased by this one-sided conversation ; quito the contrary; sho wantod to know all about these strange people with whom hor nephew had taken up, and the more the old man talked the hotter sho resented the inter vention of a race which Master Vin dragged them all away to sco ; and as soon as it was over — they wero now seated in the stern sheets of tho boat — sho turned to Mr. Bethuuo with a question. " I understand," she said, in a casual sort of way, "that you know Lord Musselburgh ? " At this Maisrio looked up startled. "Oh, yos," Baid her grandfather, iu his serene and stately fashion. "Oh, yes. A most promising young roan — a young man who will roako his mark. Perhaps ho is riding too many hobbies ; and yet it might not bo prudent to interfere and advise ; a young man in his position is apt to bo hot headed " " Mrs. Ellison," interposed Maisrie, " wo are only slightly acquainted with Lord Musselburgh — very slightly indeed. The inot is, ho was kind enough te interest himself in a book that my grandfather hopes to bring out shortly." "Oh, really," said tho protty widow with a most charming smile (perhaps she was glad of this opportunity of talking to tho young lady herself), " and may I ask — pardon my curiosity — what the subject is." " It is a collection of poems writton by Scotch men living in America and Canada," answered Maisrie, quite simply. 44 My grandfather made the acquaintance of several of them, and heard of others ; and lie thonght that a volume of extracts, with a fow short biographical notices, might he interesting to tho Scotch people over here. For it is about Sootland that they mostly, write, I think, and of their recollections — per haps that is ouly natural." " And when may we cxpeot it 2" was the next question. Maisrio turned to her grandfather. " Oh, well," the old man made annwcr, with an air of magnificent unconcern, " that is diffi cult to say. The book is not of uuah great importance ; it may have to stand aside for a time. For one thing, I should most likely have to return to the other side to collect materials ; whereas, while wo are hero in tho old country, there are so many opportunities of research iu other and perhaps moro valuable directions, that it nmnlrl hn n. thousand pities to neglect- them. For example, now, "ho continued, seeing that Mrs. Ellison listened meekly, " I have undertaken to write for my friend Carmiokacl, of the Edinburgh Chronicle, a Beries of papers on a branch of our own family that attained to great distinction in tho "Western Isles during tho reign of the Scotch Jameses — tho learned BeatonH of Isloy and Mull." \ 44 Oh, indeed," said Mrs. Ellison, affecting much interest. "Yos," resumed old George BetkUno, with much dignified complacency, "it will be a singular history if ever 1 find timo to trace it out. The whole of that family seem to have been regarded with a kind of superstitious rever ence ; all thoir oayings were preserved ; and even now, when a proverb is quoted in the "Wostom Isles, they add 'as the sago of Mull said' or 'as the sage of Islay said.' For ullamh, I may inform you, Mrs. — Mrs. — " " Ellison," sho said, kindly. "Mrs. Ellison — I beg your pardon — my hear ing is not what it was. Ullamh , in the Gaelic tongue, moans at once a Doctor of Medicine and a wise man — " " They distinguish between tho terms in Eng lish," put in Vincent. " — and doctors most of tl;em appear to havo been," continued tho old mun, quito oblivious of interruption : indeed he seemed to be reading something out of his memory, ratkor than addressing particularly any one of his audience. "A certain Heotor Benton, indeed, got a con siderable grant in Islay for having cured one of tho Jameses when nil tho Edinburgh Faculty lind failod ; nnd I myself havo seen in tho island of Iona tho tombstone of tho last of tho Mull doctorB of the namo, but he died so late B3 1657. Hie jacct Johannis Belonus Maclcnorum familice Medians .- no doubt thore must be some mention of those Bcatons in the archives of tho various fnmilios of Maclean in Mull. Then I darosay I could get a drawing of tho tombstone — though I can reraoinber the inscription well enongh : Ecce caditjaculo victricis mortis iniquee qui alias solverat ipse mali. Tho coat of arms, too, has tho three mascleB of the Betbunes — " "Of the Betbunes?— then you aro of tho same family?" said Mrs. Ellison, this time with a little geuuino ouriosity. But tho interruption had tho effect of rousing him from his historical rovorie. " I would rather say," ho observed, with some stiffness, " that they were originally of our family. Tho Normau de Bethune would easily be changed into the Scotch Boaton." " Then thero was Mary Beaton, of tho Quoon's Maries," Mrs. Ellison suggested. But at this the old man frowned : he did not wish any fictitious characters brought into these autbentio annals. " An idle talo — a popular rliymo," said ho. " Thore is no real foundation for the Btory of Mary Hamilton that over I oould get hold of. Of courso there may have been a Mary Beaton at Ouoen Mary's court — what moro likely? — and Mary Beaton would come trippingly to tho popular tongue in conjunction with Mary Seton ; but that is all. It is with real people, and important people, I shall have to deal when I get to the Advocate's Libraiy in Edin burgh," "Ob, yes, oertainly — of course — I quite understand," sho said, humbly. And then she rose. ""Well, I must be getting back to my friends, Vin., or they will think I have slipped over the side and been drowned." "Bntwou't you stay to dinner, aunt?" said he. " I wish you would !" "Oh, no, thanks, I ronlly couldn't," sho answered with a suddon earnestness that became more intelligible to him afterwards. '' I couldn't run away from my hosts like that : what would thoy think of me ?" "They would never notice your absence," said he. "Woll, that is a pretty speech !" " I mean among subh a orowd. Como ! — our email party needs making up : while they have got too many." "I really daren't, Vin., it would bo too had." Then she turned to Mr; Bethune nnd his grand daughter. "By the way," sho said, "Lord Musselburgh is coming down to- morrow — merely for tho day — and he will bo on board tho Villeggiaturn. Would you nil of you liko to como along and have a look over tho boat ; or Bhnll I send him to you to pay you a viBit hero ?" It was Maisrie who rcpliod — with perfect self- composure. " Our acquaintance with Lord Musselburgh is so very slight, Mrs. Ellison," said she, "that it would hardly be worth while making either pro posal. I doubt whether ho would even remember our names." Whorcupon the young widow bade good byo to Maisrie with a pretty littlo smilo ; the old gentleman bowed to hor with much dignity ; and then sho took licr scat in tho Btern of tho gig, while her nepbow put out the sculls. When thoy wero well out of hearing, Mrs. Ellison said — with a curious look iu hor eyes of perplexity and half frightened amusement — " Vin., who is that old man ? " "Well, you saw, nuut," ho made answor. " Oh, yos, I saw. I saw. But I nm none tho wiser. I could not make him out at all. Somo- times I thought lie was a self-conceited old donkey, who was simply gabbling at random ; and again he seemed really to beliovo wha-t he was Baying, about his connection with thoso Bcatons anil do Bethuucs and the Scotch kings. But there's something behind it all, Vin.; I tell you there is ; and I can't make it out. There's something mysterious about him. " Thore's nothing mysterious at all ! " he ex claimed, impationtly. . "But who is he, then?" she persisted. " What Is ho ? Whero is his family ? Where are bis relatives ? " " I don't think he has any, if it eomes to that, except his granddaughter," her nephew re plied. "What docs ho do, then? How does ho exist?" Ho was beginning to resent this cross- examination ; hut yot ho said, civilly enough — "I am not in the linbit of making inquiries about the income of everyone I meet ; but I understand they have somo small sum of money between them — not muoh ; and then ho has published books ; and Ire writes for tho Edinburgh Weekly Chronicle. Is that enough ? " " Whero does he live ? " "In Mayfuir." "I don't boliove a word of it 1" she said, and she oven ventured to laugh in a half- embarrassed way. " I beliovo ho dwells iu a cave — ho is a troglodyte — he comes out at dusk— and wanders about with a lantern and pickaxe. Really, when I looked at his shaggy oyebrows, and his piercing eyes, and his venerable beard, I thought he must be somo Druid como to lifo again — or perhaps one of thoso mythical island doctors surviving from tho fourteenth century — " " At all events, aunt," Vincout snid, with an ominous distinctness of tone, "his ago and what he has come through might procure for him a little rcspeot. It isn't like you to joer and jibe simply because a man is old — " " Sly denr boy, I am not jibing and joering 1" she protested. "I tell you I am puzzled. Thera's something about that old man I can't make out." "How oould you expect to understand any body — in half an hour's talk at Henley Re gatta !" he said, indignantly. " I gave you the opportunity of getting to know them both, if only you liad como along this evoning and spent somo time with them. I nm not awnro that either of them want3to conceal anything. They aro not ashamed of thoir poverty. Perhaps tlio old man talks too much ; you, at least, pre tended to find what ho said interesting. And as for the girl, no doubt she was silent ; she isn't used to bo stared at and examined by critical nnd unsympnthctio eyes." The voudc widow elevated her brows : here was something unexpected ! "Vin Harris, "she 8nid, "solemnly, "are you quarrelling with nre because — becauso I am not glamored ? Is it as bad as that ? If so, then I am extremely glad I did not accept your invita tion for this evening. I am compromised far enough already — " "What do you moan by compromised?" ho demanded. But just at this moment she had to call to him to look out, for thoy had almost arrived at tho Villeggiaturn. He glanced over his uhouldor, pulled a stroke with his right oar, shipped the other, aud then, having gripped the storn of tho house boat, ho affixed the painter of tho gig, and, lotting her baok fall into the stream, returned to tho thwart ho had occnpied; "I wish to ask you, aunt," said he, in a sufficiently Btiff nnd formal tono, " how you con sider you have been compromised through meet ing any friends of mine." " Oh," suid she, half inolined to laugh, yet a littlo bit afraid, too, " don't ask me. It isn't as BeriouB as that— I mean, I didn't think you would take it seriously. No doubt it's all right, Vin, you choosing your own friends ; and I have nothing to say against them ; only I would rather you loft me out, if you don't mind. You sec, I don't know your intentions — " "Supposing I have nono?" ho domandod again. " Well, no one can say what may hnppon, tho young widow persisted ; " and I should not liko to bo appealed to — Now, now, Vin, Jou't bo so passionato ! — havo I Baid a single word against your now friends ? Not one. I only confess that I'm a selfish and comfort loving woman, and I don't wish to bo drawn into any family strife. There may be no family strife. Very well; so much the better. But my' having no further acquaintance with Mr. Bethune and Miss Bethune — my having no knowledge of them whatever, for it practically comes to that — cannot injnre tliem, and leavos mo free from rosponsibility. Now don't quarrel with me, Vin, for I will not allow it. I have been talk ing common sense to you — but I suppose that is what no man of 25 understands." Ha hauled up the gig to the stern of tho house boat, as an intimation that she oould step on hoard when Ehe chose. "Thero," said she, as Bhe gave him her hand in parting, "I see I bavo> offended you; but what I have Baid has been for your sake as well as mine." Well, he was vexed, disappointed, and a little inclined to he angry. But all that darknessfiod from his spirit — lie forgot all about Mrs. Elli son's friondly monitions — he had no care for any speculations as to tho future — wheu he was baok again in the White Rose, sitting by Maisrie Bethune, he and ehe together looking abroad on the gay crowd, and the boats, and the tremb ling willows, and the slow moving akies now growing wnrnier with the ofternoon sun. Then, when tho last of tho races was over, came dinner ; nnd as twilight stole over the river nnd the meadows, the illuminations began, the rows of colored lanterns showing one after tho other, like so many fire flies in the dusk. Of course, they wore sitting outside now— on this placid summer night — in fairyland. ( To be continued.) 