Novelist. A LIFE AT STAKE. By Mrs. HARRIET LEWIS, Author of ' The House of Scads' ' Vivian Thorne' ' The Heiress of Egremont,' ' The False Heir,' etc., etc. CHAPTER I. WATCHING THE CLOCK. " The light of love, the purify of grace, The mind, the music breathing from her face.'— BYRON. It was a dark and moonless night. The trees around Edencourt— the country home of Sir Allyn Dare — rustled their branches restlessly in the wind, looking like tall ghosts communing together; the marble statues and urns scattered over the lawns and through the gardens gleamed white and spectral through the gloom ; and the stately mansion itself had an unreal appearance as it loomed up in the majesty of its propor- tions against the dark night- sky. But a single light beamed from the broad windows of the dwelling, and that struggled through the parting between the heavy cur- tains of a room in the western wing. This room was situated on the ground floor, and, in addition to its wide windows, was provided with a glazed door, which opened into a small shrubbery. The furniture of the room was simple, and in- cluded several tables, a few chairs, an ample chintz-covered couch, heaped high with pillows, a small bronze clock, and several antique vases. The floor of polished oak, arranged in a mosaic pattern, was covered in the centre by a handsome Turkey carpet. Two or three well filled book-cases were ranged against the walls ; and the tables a were littered with maps and charts, which had evidently been under recent inspection. Unsteady lines were faintly traced upon the maps, showing circuitous routes to out-of-the- way places, as if the person who had marked them had been thinking of seeking a hiding place far away from ordinary routes of travel, or indeed, from the usual haunts of civilised men. A few coals were burning steadily in the grate, giving out a faint heat, not unpleasant on that chilly April night, and from their light, combined with that of the lamp burn- ing on the table, the many pictures that adorned the high, polished walls wore re- vealed with more or less distinctness. These pictures were of various schools of painting, and many of them were from the hands of world-renowned masters. This room was the private apartment of Sir Allyn Dare, and, at the moment we look upon the scene, it was tenanted by the wealthy baronet himself. He had been for hours, and was still, en- gaged in walking the floor, wrapped in a gloom far denser than that without the dwelling. He was a tall man, and seemed taller than he was, because of his thinness. Every feature of his pale, thin face, indicated the high-bred gentlemen, and his refinement was apparent in his looks and dress, disordered as was the latter. Scarcely five-and-forty years of ago, his scanty looks were white as snow, and streamed over his grey dressing grown, giving him an aged look, which was heightened by the weary and care-worn ex- pression of his countenance. He was a gentle, affectionate man, with an almost constitutional abhorrence of noise, con- fusion, or contention, and with a singular love of quiet, made necessary to him by his extreme nervousness. He had been very different in his youth, his friends were wont to say, pityingly. He had always been gentle, but there had been a time when that gentleness only tempered an ardent soul. In his earlier years he had been gay and full of spirit, the life of the social circle, the frequenter of various places of amuse- ment condemned and forbidden to him by his rigid parent, the late Sir Allyn, who had looked upon his wild ways with abhorrence, and who had more than once peremptorily refused to pay his son's debts, contracted, perhaps, at the gaming-table. But all that was in the days when the present baronet was only Mr. Allyn Dare - before the family title and wealth had come to him. Since then he hurt been as now, except that every year, every month and even every day, seemed to add a furrow to his forehead, or to deepen the lines about his care-worn face. As he paced the room, his hands folded be- hind his back, clasping and unclasping them- selves with a nervous motion, his face worked with a powerful agitation, his gaze shifted incessantly, and he hold his breath frequently slackening his steps to listen. At length his eyes, thus wandering rest- lessly over the objects around him, reverted to the maps and charts on the table, and he gathered them up despairingly and thrust them into a drawer, while he murmured : " It is useless to think of flight. Let me break my sworn word and the evil will surely come— pursuit, scandal, shame, agony, ignominy, and death !" He caught his breath convulsively, sumed his walk to and fro, and continued : " No, flight, is madness. I must meet the shock here soon. It is the night of the last day— the night of the fatal twenty-second ! In all these years I have not seen him or heard from him. But I feel that he lives— that he is coming— that he will soon be here to claim the fulfilment of our awful compact. And yet, there is a chance in my favor. He may be dead. I pray that he may be. Oh, if it might prove so!" A wild look of hope suddenly, flashed across his gloomy face, as lightning some- times flashes across the darkest night, and he glanced at the clock, and said : " Twenty minutes to eleven ! I have only eighty minutes to wait, and then I shall either be free or doomed. I have looked for him since daybreak, and every minute that has passed since then without bringing him has fed my hopes. I know his bitter hatred and love of revenge, and surely, if he were alive he would have come to me at the earliest hour of to-day. Yes, he must be dead." There was an exultant tone in his voice as he uttered the last words, but his exultation was only momentary, and was succeeded by a deeper gloominess. He continued walking backward and for- ward, watching the clock, as its hands moved slowly over its face, starting at every sound, now and then pausing to listen, frequently looking from the door, and still more frequently bonding an anxious glance toward the interior of his dwelling. Struggle as he would to still his agitation, and repress his nervousness, the return of his despair became more and more marked with every passing moment. "If I had but died on that awful night, ten years ago !" he groaned. " What torture have I not endured since then ? If I had but braved him then — but my weakness has been my ruin ! It is now too late— too late ! Hark ! That noise ! A horseman !" He sprang into a defensive attitude, having the look of a hunted animal at bay. The sound that had so alarmed him soon resolved itself into the murmur among the trees, or the rustling of branches against the casement ; but his fright did not sub- side. " Eleven o'clock," he whispered, his limbs trembling, and his face acquiring a livid hue. " Only an hour more. According to the compact, if he arrives after twelve he cannot claim the bond. But he will be here. Oh, my child, my poor child, I could find it in my heart to sacrifice you to another shrine than this— to death !" And his trembling voice broke into a quivering laugh that wan pitiful to hear, it was so full of woe and despair. He checked the laugh in the midst of its utterance, with an apprehensive glance at a door on the opposite side of the room, and then, with a sudden impulse, he crossed the floor, opened the door, and stole softly into the adjoining apartment. It differed greatly from his study, being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir. It was full of light and warmth and color. The long French windows were trimmed with crimson, damask, and white lace ; the floor was covered with a velvet medallion carpet; a fire glowed and flamed behind the polished bars of the grate ; and silken couches and cushions, pictures, marble statuettes, shelves of rare porcelain, carved book-cases filled with handsomely bound volumes, and a host of elegant and costly trifles abounded, giving the room a rosy home-like appearance, which was increased by the soft light that shone through the globes of the pendant chandelier. Sir Allyn advanced silently to a crimson couch upon which a young girl lay sleeping and then he folded his arms and stood be- side her, watching her with a yearning, des- pairing gaze. She was very beautiful in her un- consciousness— as beautiful and as lovely as an angel. She lay in a graceful, careless attitude, her tiny slippered feet peeping from beneath the hem of her dressing- robe, a bright scarlet shawl thrown carelessly over her shoulders, and her hair flowing over her pillow. A smile was fluttering across her lips, showing that her pure soul was visited with pleasant dreams. She was IIde Dare, the only child of the baronst. "How happy she is," murmured the father, looking at her through a mist of gathering tears. " She is always so, sleeping or waking, except when depressed by her sympathy with me. She is as pure and in- nocent as a baby. She has never known a real grief. "If she could only die before he comes to wreck her happiness, to make her pray for death ! Better, a thousand times better, would it have been if you had died in infancy ! Oh, my child I my dearest Ilde! it makes me shiver with dread, and my blood to run cold when I think that you have been reserved for such a wretched fate as awaits you !" So earnest where his tones, so loud his words, that the maiden stirred slightly at the sound of his voice, and then opened her eyes, and assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned his pale, thin, wild-look- ing face toward her. " Papa— oh, papa ! she said, in a low tone of pain, ''are you ill ?— or has your fit of gloom come back again ?" She arose, approached him with a swift, gliding motion, led him gently to a seat upon the couch beside her, and then drew, his head to her breast with a tender, protect- ing movement, and as if she would defend him from an entire world. That movement was a revelation in itself. It showed that her relations to the baronet were less those of the daughter, and more of the loving counsellor, the unfailing friend, the gentle protector, and the guardian angel. If she had been beautiful in sleep, how much more beautiful was she now that every feature was instinct with awakened intellig- ence, and the glow of love and pity over- spread them ! She was delicate and slight in frame, yet evidently endowed with almost perfect health. Her face was bewildering in its loveliness, lighted up by a pair of radiant, magnetic eyes, in which lurked a thousand pleasant shadows, vivified by a sweet, tender mouth, of which the lips gleamed like the newly blossomed carnation, and made glorious by the purity, sweetness, and spirit breathing from every faultless feature. Her white dressing-gown fell about her slender figure in soft folds, its whiteness re- lieved by the vivid scarlet and long fringes of her shawl; and her long, soft hair, un- bound, strayed over shoulders in rippling waves of brown, gleaming with gold. It was easy to see that, while she was gifted with the most exquisite delicacy and refinement, she had yet a strength of character such as is found in few women. This might be because her father had so long leaned upon her, looking to her in his frequent fits of terrible despondence for com- fort, and counsel, and depending upon her unfailing love and cheerfulness for relief. She was a warm-hearted, impulsive young maiden, aa generous as the sun, quick to like or dislike, yet, besides her father, there was no one in the world whom she really loved. " Ilde, my dear child," he said, looking despairingly into the anxious face, "I am confident that you love me so devotedly that you would submit to any sacrifice for my sake." His manner so startled and alarmed her that she was speechless, although she clung closer to him, throwing her arms about his neck. " Oh, heavens," he exclaimed, "to see you suffer, and know myself powerless to aid or soothe you -" He could not bear to look longer upon the wondering, frightened girl, and rushed into his study, forbidding her to follow him. " Twenty-five minutes to twelve !" he ex- claimed, looking at the clock. "Only twenty-five minutes more, and— and— we may be saved ! Heaven grant, if he yet lives, his horse may fall under him, and so delay him, or he may miss his way, or justice may overtake him !" Thus the moments wore on. He counted the ticks of the clock, he ex- amined his watch, frequently, he now and then opened the glazed door and peered into the darkness, and listened for the sound of an approach, and it was curious to note how his moods alternated between the wildest joy and relief, and the blackest despair. Unnoticed by him Ilde stole into the study, regardless of his prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind had given way, and that he would do himself an injury. Once or twice a fooling of numbness crept over the baronet, and he was dead alike to fear or hope, and walked about as in a dream, but this blessed obliviousness was but momentary, and he aroused from it to still greater suffering. The minutes slowly lessened. Soon there remained but twenty, and these melted to fifteen, and these to ten. Again Sir Allyn experienced a sudden flush of hope. His step quickened, his thin face flushed, his eyes glowed, and his spare figure began to shake off the burden under which it had stooped for years, and to grow erect and full of dignity. "Only ten minutes more !" he cried, feverishly, his tone so husky that Ilde scarcely recognised it. "He must be here within ten minutes, or I shall be free from the bond forever !" Shaking off the weakness that crept over him, he rushed out into the shrubbery and wandered about among the trees and bushes, and listened, and exulted, and despaired, re- turning every few moments to look at his watch or the clock. Thus five minutes were passed. His anxiety then grew insupportable. His legs trembled under him, and he grew too weak and excited to continue his walk, and so sank down upon his lounge, his hands clasped, and his eyes fixed unwaveringly upon the clock. His daughter, silently and unseen, drew nearer to him, full of an awful dread, and stood at his side, watching him as closely as be regarded the time-piece. The tickings of the clock seemed to grow slower, the seconds almost interminable periods, and the minutes were ages which the time-piece seemed to find itself unable to compass. One minute — two minutes passed. The lips of the baronet quivered as they strove to whisper a prayer, and the trembl- ing of this thin body became an ague, while his senses reeled, and he heard nothing, saw nothing, save that his distempered vision presented to him a gigantic clock whose great hands told off the seconds with cruel slowness. The third minute thus passed. There remained but two more before mid- night, and Sir Allyn aroused himself from his brief trance, and listened and watched with all the intentness he could command of his unstrung nerves. " I hear nothing," he gasped— " no foot- steps — no horseman approaching ! The very wind seems dumb ! It must be— he is dead ! He is dead !" He called anew all his energies to the task of listening. Every tick of the clock seemed to say something to him in intelligible language, now bidding him to hope — then assuring him mockingly that hope would not avail. And at last only one minute remained to him! Only one minute between him and free- dom, and hope and happiness ! His nerves were now strung to their ut- most tension, his brain seemed on fire, his whole frame seemed paralysed, his hands hung listlessly from his knees, and he looked as if frozen into that attitude of terror and apprehension. " Only one minute more !" Even as these words framed themselves upon his lips, in the midst of that profound silence, while Ilde bent nearer to him, more than ever frightened and wondering, there came, with an emphasis at once startling and appalling — a crashing knock upon the door. CHAPTER II. A SUDDEN ENGAGEMENT. At an earlier hour of the same day on which occurred the scenes detailed in the preceding chapter, in his office off one of the narrow London streets, was seated Jacob Jasper, the money-broker. The dim light of the declining afternoon entered feebly through the dusty window, revealing the in- terior of the office, with its scanty furniture of a counter and two or throe chairs. In the window, protected outside by a close net-work of iron wire, were displayed heaps of gold coins, bank-notes of every nationality, and the other insignia of a money-changer's trade. This room, however, and its arrange- ments, indicated only a small and compara- tively insignificant part of the business. Beyond the office was a dingy little parlor, so ill-lighted from without that the gaslight was always kept burning, throughout even the brightest days. It was lighted now, and the fire Burned -dimly in the grate, casting a feeble glow over the worn Brussels carpet and the black stuffed chairs and sofas. This was the sanctum sanctorum of the es- tablishment, and it was hers that Jasper carried on an extensive business as a money- lender and usurer. Many a scion of a noble house found his way to this room, and many a reckless young fellow had relin- quished within its walls a luxurious future for the sake of present gain. The money-lender presented all the well- known characteristics of the less noble of his race. He had the same shrewd, ferret eyes, the same hawk- like nose, the same thin lips, but his complexion had a peculiar tinge that irresistibly reminded the sensitive ob- server of ghouls and vampires, it was so dull, so colorless, so opaque. At the moment we look in upon him he was engaged in inspecting a ledger, which had just been submitted to him by his book- keeper, a man considerably younger than himself, of the same nationality, and evi- dently a near relation, judging by the strong resemblance between them. " Very well," was his comment, as he at length finished his investigation. "There are two hours more before it's time to shut, up, and you can employ yourself on the Tressillian accounts. The old lord has been dead a month, and I hear that the young lord, has just come back to England. He won't find himself be rich as he expects, I think." And he chuckled as if the thought was pleasant to him. " You know where to find the papers, nephew ?" The book-keeper assented and went into the parlor, in one corner of which was a large fire-proof safe, in which was deposited the usurer's most valuable papers, and a goodly store of ready money. Unlocking the ponderous door, he sought among the the carefully lettered boxes for the required papers, found them, secured the same, and then returned to the office and engaged in his task. The usurer gave him some few directions, then tested his elbows on the counter and leaned his chin on his hands, giving himself up to speculations that deepened the look of shrewdness in his bead-like eyes and pro- duced a satisfied expression about his mouth. For an hour or more the money-lender re- mained silent and abstracted, while the busy scratching of the book-keeper's pen and the occasional rustling of his papers continued to- be heard within the office, and from with- out came the sound of the steady tramping of passers-by, the rolling of wheels, and the usual street bustle — none of which disturbed in the least the thoughtfulness of Jacob Jas- per, nor the labors of his nephew. But at length the former started up with an exclamation at the early approach of evening and the unpleasantness of the weather, and proceeded to light the gas. He had scarcely accomplished the task when the street door opened, and a young gentleman hurriedly entered the office. "You are in, Jasper?" he exclaimed, with an air of relief. " You were out this morn- ing when I called, and I feared I should not find you this evening. Can I see you alone for a few moments?" "Certainly, Sir Hugh," responded the usurer, rather coldly. " Be kind enough to come into the parlor." The young gentleman accepted the invi- tation, passing into the back room in ad- vance of Jasper, as if the way were well known to him. The money- lender followed more slowly, closed the door behind them, and turned on the gas light to a greater brightness, then stationed himself with his back to the fire. The visitor flung himself into a chair, and seemed at a loss how to begin his errand. Ha was a noble-looking young follow, scarcely throe and twenty, tall and athletic, with broad shoulders, and a handsomely de- veloped figure. His complexion was almost as fair and delicate as a girl's. His forehead was wide and moderately high, and above it waved carelessly a profusion of light brown hair. His eyes were as blue as forget-me- nots, and there was an amount of tender- ness in them and about the mobile mouth that was sadly contrasted with the wild and reckless expression of his countenance. He was Sir Hugh Chellis, the representa- tive of an old and proud Welsh family. On his coming of age, two years previous to the opening date of our story, he had found himself the possessor of the family title and a respectable rent-roll, in addition to a handsome bank account. Tired of his quiet home, and desirous of seeing something of the world, as he phrased it, he had come up to London, joined a club, and surrounded himself with a host of gay companions, many of them as ignorant of the world as himself, but the larger number of them were of that class who prey upon their richer neighbors. His extravagences became un- bounded. He indulged in Sybaritic enter- tainments, purchased a stud of blood horses that would not have done discredit to a prince, entirely supported for a time half a dozen of his new friends; and, in conse- quence, his bank account melted into no- thing, his income was insufficient for his manifold wants, and he had at last been obliged to have frequent recourse to the usurer whom we have introduced to the reader. "I suppose, Sir Hugh," said the usurer, as the young baronet's hesitation still con- tinued, after the lapse of a few moments, "that you have come for a further loan ?" "Yes, that is it !" responded Sir Hugh, with an attempt, at carelessness, yet with plainly perceptible anxiety. " I called last week, you know, and you promised to see about the loan to-day. Can you let me have it?" "Let me see," said the usurer, reflectively; " you want— how much ?" " Two thousand pounds." " Two thousand pounds ! Why, last week you said one thousand, Sir Hugh." " I know it, but every day since then has increased my needs. An army of bills has poured in, some of them so pressing that I hardly dare leave the house lest I should be arrested. The last horse I bought— High- flyer, you know— died on my hands the other day, and the dealer declares he must have his pay for him immediately. There's a dead loss of three hundred pounds. I am in a great strait, Jasper, and I shan't mind the amount of interest— only I must have the money." The young baronet spoke earnestly and vehemently, and the usurer compressed his lips and assumed an air of deeper thought- fulness. " The money-market is tight just now, Sir Hugh," he began. " So you always say, Jasper," interrupted the baronet, impatiently. "Let us come to business at once." " Well then, Sir Hugh, to come to busi- ness, I don't see how I can oblige you. You want a large sum, a very large sum, con- sidering how much you owe me already. To lend you any more would be to expose my- self to certain dangers of loss, and that of course is out of the question," and the money-lender tried to smile. " You are liv- ing at an awful rate, Sir Hugh, for a young man without family. Why don't you out short your expanses somewhere ?' ' I did not oome here to reaeive a lecture, Jasper,' returned the young baronet, who had evidently not relinquished all hope of obtaining what be sought, and who there fore repressed his haughty distaste for his words. ' True, Sir Hugh,' said the money-lender, but you know 'the borrower is servantto him that lendeth,'' he again smiled. 'lam looking out for my own interests now. You ought to retronoh— soil off your horses and things ? ' ' If I wero to sell them all I Bhould not get nearly enough to pay my debts,' replied the young baronet, gloomily. ' I am sometimes inclined,' he added, speaking more to him oelf than the usurer, ' to go home to Hawk's Neat, and settle down to, a hum-drum life. I am almost woary of this sort of exintenco. 'It would bo the best thing in tho world you oould do,' declared the usurer, deliber ately. ' If you would go home and economise ybu^aigbJ- ietriejB your mistakes, and put your property wheW-Jl waa two years ago— though, of oourse, th'a'M9-.nothing to me.' ' ' I suppose not,' and Sir Hugh's tone waa slightly ironioal, 'Butloan'i go without the money, Jaoob Jasper, I can't leave til my debts behind me; you know. Granting that my creditors would let me leave town, my name would be band-ed about in a way that I oould never endure. Of oourse you were not serious in refusing me tho loan. Think how much monoy I nave paid you for interest ? ' ' And think of what you owe me at present, Sir Hugh. Think how you are running through your property, and how aoon you will be abeggar.' Sir Hugh started, an angry flush kindled on his fairoheeks, and he was about to utter. a haughty rosponse, when hia face suddenly paled, and he oovered his face with hiB hands. The usurer's words had Btruok homo 1 He had never thought of bis folly and ex travagance as he had done that day, when alternating between hopes and fears as to the result of his proposed interview with the usurer, In his extremity ho had applied to his gay friends lor a loan of the money he required, and, to his astonishment, not one of them had granted his request, not one of them had listened to his story of em barrassment, into whioh they had helped to plunge him, not with even friendly sym pathy. Thero was nothing more to be gained from him, and bo they had loft him to his fate. There was, therefore, under this mask of careleasnesa during hia interviow with the uauror, a diaguBt of tho world, a reckless hatred of mankind, and a feeling of hopeleflsnesB that wbb akin to de spair. ' Well,' he said at last, lifting hia hoad, ' you won't lose anything by me, Jasper — you've takon oaro of that. As to thia loan, it will be Dafo enough. There are my expectations, you know ? ' ' From whom, Sir Hugh ?' quietly inquired the monoy-lendor. ' Why, from my groat aunt, Miss Chellis. She is oighiy years old, and can't laat muoh longer,' and the young baronet'a ohoeka flushed with sudden shamo at hia own words and thought, ' Sho is immensely rioh, you know, JaBper,' ho added, more hurriedly. ' Her godmother left hor a aplondid fortune, nnd it's sure to oome to me,' ?' Not quite so sure, Sir Hugh,' replied the. UBurer. ' The truth Is,' and he changed liia position in order to go.4 a better view of bis visitor's faoe, ' I asked for a littlo delay last week about this loan in order to find out your standing with Miss Challis. I oenta man down to Hawk's Neat ? ' ''You did 1,. Well?' ' He mode a fow inquiries in a quiet way, and discovered that Miss Ohellia had beard ol yoiir goibgs.on' in London, and was very angry about them, and aboat your not hay ing been to see hov for a year. Sho baa do olared her intention to leave all she has to found a miBsion, or some euoh thing, and, oh near as my man oould find out, hor now will is made, leaving you only enough to buy you a mourning ring,' J Tho young baronet's bluu oyea ahone with a wila light, and tnspalo faoo deepened in ita expression of reokleBBueea. He strove to conceal tbo. wound ho, had reoeived,'but hia sudden trembling betrayed him, ' Then it seems I am ruined,' he said after a pause, trying to laugh,' but failing lamentably. ' Well, I am not tbo fltBt who haa been ruined, Jasper, or haa learned the fact in this rrom of yours. Buined I'1 Tho money-lender was too aflouetoined to witrieoa tho despair of his visitors to par ticularly heed that of Sir Hugh. So, in a business tone, he said : 'There is one way to got out of your trouble, Sir Hugh, and only one that I can see. You ought to marry a rioh wife.' ' Bioh wives generally require rioh hus bands,' returned Sir Hugh, with a wild laugb. 'So you utterly decline the loan, JaspEr.?'. ' Utterly, Sir Hugh,' was the firm reply. ' I can't lend you a shilling mote, and you won't find a broker in the oity who will ap oept ony security yon may offer. Our busi ness is concluded, I suppose?' Accepting tbe hint, tbe young baronet arose and endeavored to assume a nonobnlhnt air, although his step was almoat tottering as he moved toward the door. Ho made some slight remark, soarcely consoioiiB of what ho said,' bade tho money lender k'ood evening, and passed out through the office, ehrinkiDg With painful sensi tiveness from the glanoa of the book keerir. He did not breathe froely until he had gained Iho street. And then ho paused by the wiudow to re cover bis ostlninesB and comprehend bis situation. Ilia wild gnze fell upon the pilo of wealth behind ita seaure iron grating, and. ho thought feverishly of how much gcod that money would do him, and hpwmnob be had squandered in things that wore worco than useless. 'Oh, if i oould only live it all over,, again 1' be murmured., 'No money, no friends, no hopo 1 I am indeed bankrupt 1 Buined— ruined ? ' He paused aa his now wondering gazo fell upon a delicate, womanly figuro standing near bim. Ho saw that tbe face was veiled, and. that it was turned toward the display in tho window, but ho was also aware that un less she was deaf, she muet have beard hia words. ; Without bestowing another glance upon her, he turned and strode down the Direct. . He had proceeded but a short. distance when he became conscious that tho woman was following him, that at one moment she was at his side, scanning hia face from behind her tbiok veil, and at the next she had fallen behind - hia?, as though overcome with timidity. Annoyed at the incident, Sir Hugh stopped abruptly in a quiet and retired part of the. street, upon the aide least traversed, and turned upon hie follower, exolaiming : ' Do you-wieh to speak to me, madam ?' The veiled figure seemed to shrink within itself at this demand ; but, after a brief neni-. tation, a timid, hurried, but musioal voice said: ' I— I beg your pardon, sir— but arc you married?' Sir Hugh stared at the woman on hearing thia singular question; buf he was too thoroughly depressed to long indulge inhis feeling of aurpriee. . ' No, I am not married, thank Heaven !' he exolaimed, with his usual rooklessness. ' Are you engaged to be married ?' persis ted tho questioner, her voice fluttering with increasing timidity. - Making up his mind that Hia Bingular oo quaintanoe had reoeived an injury at some period to her intellectual faculties, Sir Hugh replied : ' No, madam ; I am not even engaged to be married.' ' You will think my ooaduot very strange,' paid the fluttering voioo, ' and I am afraid it is really bo. You havo a good face, a kind faoe, and you are evidently a gentleman. Yes, I will trust you,' and the voioe grew stronger and mora .determined. ' I heard ?what you said to yourself at the window yonder, and I conclude you are in neod of money.' ' In great need ol money, madam,' re turned the young baronet, determined to humor the supposed lunatio, simply beoause her singular behavior and words diverted his mind from himself. ' I have run through 1 a fine property,' as a particular friend of mine has just informed mo, and I am about to devote a little time to the consideration of the beet means of ridding myself of an existence whioh ? ' ' Ib it so bad aa that 7' Baked the veiled lady, a thrill o£ hope and joy running through her voice. ' Why do you not marry a rioh wife ?' ' BeoauBe, madam, rioh wives are not to be had for the wishing ; besides, a lady might very naturally objeot to marry a poor man, and then pay off his debts.'' _' YeB, but if a rich lady would do ao?' 'I wou'il marry her at once,' declared Sir Hugh, in a tone of exaggerated polite ness. . ''?*? -. ' I have a proposition to make to youT*' said tho lady, with gathering agitation, 'But first — your name?' ? ' Sir Hugh Chellis.' The veiled lady started on hearing the name, and Baid, hurriedly : ' My proposition ia this : Ciroumatanoes demand that I shall bo marriod before three daya more elapse. I have no euitora, and I am obliged to select a husband for myself, unmaidenly as such a oourao may seem. I am wealthy and would bestow upon you at tho altar ten thousand pounds, with forty thousand pounds additional three days henoe. . Will you marry mo ?' To Bay that Sir Hugh was astonished at this proposition would be to understate his emotion. He was amazed ; all the more bo because there was a oalmness and oolleoted nesa of manner about the veiled lady that put to flight his hastily oonooived idea that she was inBane, ' Our marriag9 would be but a marriage in name,' oontinued the lady, anxiously. ' Wo should separate at the altar, and never loot: upon eaoh other'o faoo again. I should make that my firBt stipulation. Do you consent?' 'Really, this is suoh an unproaedontod affair I' said the bewildered baronet. ' I know nothing about you, madam ; and, pardon me, tho ladios of our name have al ways been ? ' 'Ladioa of position you would say,' re marked tho veiled lady as he found himself unable to finiah the sentence. ' I don't doubt it, but I am not loss so than thoy.' Sho spoke with puoh a proud accent that it carried oonviotion into tho bouI ol Sir Hugh. 'I suppose, then,' ho said, awkwardly, 'youaro very ugly 1' 'You shall boo for yourself,' was hor re sponse. They wore standing not {or diBtant from a gas lamp, and she suddenly flung baok hor veil and revealed her faoo to him. Sir Hugh uttarod an exclamation of aa toniahmont. Por she was marvellously boautiful, with eye a of midnight blnoknosa, blaok hair, a marble-liko complexion, a delioate aquiline noBO, and with a lovely tender mouth, Thore was nothing but purity and good ness, oxjJBjpt molanoholy, expressed in tbat charming faoo, and looking at hor, oven tho iuosperiauood Sir Hugh fold that he could havo sworn to hor innooenoe and worthiness to bfioornohia briiio. Sho drew down her veil before bo had tirno to fix even one feature in hia mind, nnd Baid: 'Think, Sir Hugh, you should have fifty thousand pounda— ten thouoand before our marriago, Wo should never moot ngain ors earfcb, and I would even never oonaonf to bear your name.-- AH that I ask, therefore, would bo that you should meet ine (o mor row morning at St. Mary'8 Oiiuroh, near here, going thero alono, with a special liocneo, when we oould be marriod, and go our separate ways. Djyou anosont?' Sir Hugh hesitated but n moment. Thin unprecedented offer seomed to him a direct interposition from hoaveu in hia favor, and he acoepted it as suoh, Ho informed tho veiled lady that bo consented to her tormB, swore to observe them faithfully, and de olared that bo should not fail to keep tho ap pointment. He had eoaroely finished when tho unknown disappeared in the deepening gloom, and bo oontinued his route homo ward, _his Eonsea in a whirl, and only half conscious that he waa engaged to marry inn few hotirs a womau ho had hover seen be fore, whose named he did not know, and whoso being wbb wrapped in impenetrable myBtery. ' . . . - . ..:.- , ; v: .CHAPTER III- ? , ' ' A KEHAIHtABLE DMDAIj, ? , . . Near Hip- heart of tho busy ?pity, standing in a retirod and narrow street; was the little ohuroh indioated by the mysterious lndy wbo n?5.o££rea B0 strangoly to become the wife of Sir Hugh ChelliB. It was overshadowed by tall buildings on every eido, and was but an humble-looking HUle edifice, though the time tad been when the rustling of silk bad been heard in its aisles ; prosperous trades men, with tbeir portly wiveB nnd larp.o fami lies hod filled tho great hi«h-baoked pews, and tho lofty oW-fnshioned donblo pulpit hnd bsenocoupied by a popular young olergyman. A doaf old ourato oflloiated thero now, and bis oongregition consisted of tho superannuated pew opener, and a few old people who had worshipped between ita gray walls in thoir youth,- and who. would not give up the time honored practice now, Upon tho morning subBfqnont to tho Boenoa detailed in tho preceding chapter tho door of the ohurch Btood nliflhtly ajar, and there waa a faint sound from within of sweeping and dusting. The old pow- opc-ner, with a look of pleasant interest on her grim faoo, moved about polishing (he ohanoel railing, brushing tho worn carpet, and en deavoring to putn better faoe on everything. At length all was. finished to her liking, the dusters and brushes concealed in a seldom used, pew, and she seated herself upon Iho pulpit steps and. looked expeotantly toward tho door.; .'It's along, long time ainoo there'B been a wedding hers,' she muttered. ' I never waa so took aback in my life as when tbe hand some young gentleman came to mo this morning and told me to open the ohuroh and be secret as doath about it. Ho gave me a guinea, too, to keep the secret, because he didn't want any strangers in here. Well, things do happen ourious sometimes.' It was already paat nind' ; tho curate now made his appearance, and expressed his bui prise tbat tho young couple whom he had been summoned to unite at that hour bad not arrived, He then passed into the vestry, followed by his elerk — a man muoh older than himself. ? ? It was near ten when Sir Hugh ChelliB stole into the dim aisle, bis attire a sort of oompromisc between the ordinary street dress and' bridal garments. He wore a blaok f rook coat, but a white waistcoat and glovea. The latter he drew on after entering the edifice. He looked .relieved to find that his bride was not awaiting him, and said something to' tho old wortian to the effect thnt he had some difficulty and .delay in procuring a speoial license, but that everything was now in readiness so far as he was oonaerned. His face was pale, and the usually reckless expression of his features occasionally gave place to a look of extreme seriousness and gravity. He had begun to think of the strange adventure he h.ad entered upon, but he bad decided to pursue it to the end. His affairs within the list twelve hours had assumed an aspeot of desperation. He had returned to hin chambers in a kind of maze on the preceding evening, but had been aroused from it on discovering a pile of bills whioh awaited him. He' glanced them over wearily, noted tho threatening tonn of his creditors, and congratulated himself upon the mysterious good fortune awaiting him on the morrow. And then it suddenly ooourred to him that he would probably fail in proauring a speoial license unless he were able to give the came othiB intended bride. For an hour or two he pondered over thia dilemma, but tbe same idea had evidently occurred to tho heroine of bis adventure, for the postman,, on bis last round, brought him two letters, one of whioh bore the city mark, and was from tho mysterious lady. Sir Hugh examined tho missive ourioUBly before opening it. Tbe postmark showed that it had been posted at the station nearest to the plaoo where they had met. ' It must bo from hor,' was hia unspoken thought. '' She stepped into a stationer's on her way home. The appearance of the letter, though, affords no due to her identity.' Heopanadtho onvalppo and hastened to read the inolosed note. It was brief, written in a clear, delioato hand, evidently disguiaed, ?and read as follows ! ' Sir Kuan— 1 forgot tbat my came might bo neoessary in proouring tho license. I am 'Adhlr-Sslt8'' 11 Ia she, iniieoinvJKr Hugh remarked, ironically, tho name bein^4Jtter'y Btrange to his ears. ' lam happy to knowifc, lyjwevor. She might have had a worse name, NowibT* mo boo who ia my other correspondent.' The second letter wob dated at Hawk's Nest, and hero the signaturo of Dorothy ChelliB, his great-aunt. After the oom munioation made to him by tho usurer, Sir Hugh was not surprised at the oontonta of tho epiutlo. First hia kinswoman roproaohed him for being a spendthrift, and a diegraoo to his ancient and honorable name, and then informed him that ho noed no longer con sider himself her heir, as she had made an other will, leaving her fortune to found a now African mission, ? Thia letter worked up the mind of tho young man to a wilder recklessness than he had over before evinced. This supported him throughout the preparations necessary for his intended marriage on the following morning, and did not onoe desert him until he had entered the little ohuroh,' Thero the dim light or the sepulchral air partly sobered him, but ho had no wish to retreat from hiB ooinpaot with the unknown. Hia old lifo, full of falso friendships, dobts, and stinted resources, oould not tompt him to break his faith with her. He said to him self, let her bo who and what Bhe would, she offered him a fortuno whioh ho would be foolish not to accept. He turned from tho old pow-oponor and walked up and down tho narrow aisles, be tween tho rowa of high-baoked pawa, ap parently engaged in examining the quaint windowa with their tiny panea of stained glass, and pausing now and then boforo a memorial window, which was tho pride and delight of the old woman's heart. But ho waa not thinking of tho art of glass- staining, nor admiring the memorial window. Ho wao trying to evade a thought that would intrude itself upon bis mind — t& doubt of tlio lady who sought to become his bride. Perhaps eho had dona Bomo wrong, and sought to hide hor identity under his name. Bub no, that oould not bo, aa sho had offered novor to call herself by the name hia mother had borne. Perhaps sho was a criminal, nn advontuvesa — but no, her faoo wao too puro and innooont to allow ol nuoh uunpi oion.0.— (To t-i continued,) 