<2Tatmb0. Art. Qutip. Oration. Theatre. Garner's. Allsavfl. v Napoleon. Wellington. Both Houses. Water-colours. Waterloo Day. To be continued. Able Mr. Holder. Oroya off to London. Summary on Ti'^wlay. Another farewi T. Tier. Allpress pl«i<Vd guilty. Two hundred works of art. Printer Leader is recovering. Concert at St. Luke's to-night. Blue Masonry is a ready charity. Barometer st noon to-day, 29*93. What was the Battle of Waterloo I Happier in his financial statement. Fifty miners entombed at'Dunbar. That horrid little man. called Quilp. The talk iE about Mr. J. E. Brown. Pictures are Works of art sometimes. Reasonable brevity of new members. A Mining Department recommenced. Admirably adapted to rally the party. Irish progress on the Barrier question. Dispensed with the Hospital difficulty. A roaring founicht for the Soots Greys. Second mate's party were almost starving. ' Downfall of Napoleon 75 yeans ago Jo-day. Exhibition of S.A. Artists' Society now open. Eev. Dr. Jefferis is not wanting ab English offer. . ; A systematic Geological Survey insisted' upon. Cargo shifted and com pases got out -of' order. One of the chief mate's party Was named - Tomb. Mr. Holder has made the best speech of the debate. Some good men have peculiar 'ideas about 1 business. Spain will please refuse a passport to the cholera. Sir J. W. Downer denounced the progressive land tax. Continuous edition of " SRe"—Women's Contractor Jnde off to Brisbane -aftef a three • years' job. Unionists disbelieve in Sunday labour, and' no wonder. Mr. Gill gets a most inadequate salaiy of £100 a-year. Captain naturally reticent about thecause of the disaster. Public Service Commission oontuuies with' greater zest. Sootland's grey horsemen werfe on the job, June 18, 1815. The goid Servioe Commission ia solemnly advised to die. Premier Atkinson is to retire into the Agent- General's bi"et. Hon. A. Hay says he is a Democrat. Who'd have thought it'! It is now proposed to abolish our foresterrank Vandalism. Government is waiting for a good-offer of the Glenelg Railway. Eleven speeches in the Assembly, and fourby new members. Races, review, camp, football, and Mayor's dinner on Friday. New ""aland Government is willing to help about chu.p cables. The very purpose of the progressive land tax is to fine a dass. Special pleading in'the Council ou behalf of' the progressive land tax. ^ A parochial Ministry will find it hardlio make reciprocity treaties. Clapping of hands in the Assembly is>ct)htrary to Standing Orders. . ^ - The Equitable has bought a choice Block in Melbourne at a tall figure. Forest Department has had light let into, it, but the scene is not sunny. Mr. Holder practically says the Ministry is a creature of circumstances. Cocky little Portugal wants to drefia down' the British in Mozambique. Mdbourne is disposed to aimex -our pifeua donna, Mrs. Johnson James. One of our Cousins is President of the Sydney Seamen's Conference. Lion and Black Eagle have agreed about" feasting on the heart of Africa. Mate's boat turned up—that is, it didn't torn up, but arrived safe at Kingston. National Bank has taken up the balance of the half- million of Treasury Bills.- Sun rose at 7.9 a.m.; sets at 4.53 p.m. Moon* . rose at 7.41 a.m; setsat£*30 pjn. Will a most favoured nation treaty tempt an Austral to go „to Servia, however well they. . serve yer?' Rose Parks to the fore again last night,' taking five prizes against Kent Town two, -and Kensington none. Lawyer Helm wanted to steer £200 found -oil' Allpress into bills of oosts, but His Honor was not to be Hoodwinked. Of three competitions between Eastern* Societies, Ro^e Park has taken 11 prizeB, Kent Town 7, and Kensington 3. Mr. Hack's suggestion is to be adopted fending mining experts with the survey party to the MacDonnell Ranges. Women are peculiar, and so is the progress of their Suffrage Movement here. The more the headway the greater the Lee-way. Having enlightened Adelaide and hdp&l;' Sydney out of the pit, Dr. Jefferie is asked to ' attend to the benighted people of England. Sir E. T. Smith says the best way ta tax' absentees is to make an all round increase of the land impost, and give the 'residents Oua* toms remissions. — Indignant promoter—Look here, you published a lie about me this morning—an infamous lie I I wont't 6tan<t. it. Financial' Editor—But just' think where yon wouldUa if we were to publish the truth about yo& Clara—" Who is the author of that booh you are leading, George?" " George—" Oh, it's Miscellaneous." Clara—" Miss who did you say!" George—" Miscellaneous." CSarc—» " Oh, let me see it, for I have not read any of her works yet" Old Gent—"I say, boy, can you tell :me Where old Mr. White livest" Boy—".Yes, Sir, there he goes now with a can, Sir, $1" his hand." Old Gent—Dear, dear; does he.euS^t much with thecanoer i" Boy—"Ohno,itsoi^r. a beer can. Sir." Memorabilia.—Hiis is what was writtetf sixty years ago by an author who professed to know all .about it; —"The great Hindoo festival of Plutt Juttaa is held/nne 18, atr^tf town' of Juggernaut' IQ Orissa/onoe a sepatate. kingdom, but-now a province of Hipdostao. Hie sable highness, being fcurretted upon tl car sixty, feet' high, his wide wooden mouth besmeared with blood,, is produced exactly at noon to the countless pilgrime^masy of whom—one-tenth at least—devote their miserable lives beneath his chariot wheels." Our Oriental Crumbstersaya this is all a myth f- the yam about the self-immolating dUpea of , superstition having originated in the faoji {hat the bones of pilgrims to the city are to be seen for miles round where they fell and perished oi fatigue, disease, and wantu Obituaries.—Literary men of genius do not always die early of a softening of the brainy although the writer is not in what you lhas call robust health. Thus on June 18, Ifilft Bishop. Bilson gave tip the ghost at the good old age of ninety years. And yet, in additfoa to his Episcopalian duties—' 1 the oaie of all the Churches" you know—he found tim9 "to. write lots of theological CPorks^ "Difference between GhrlsUain Subjection and Unchristian Rebellion,*' "Christ's DesOSBt into Hell," and "Perpetud Govenunent ol Christ1s Church," one ; pf ;th» most powerful works in support of Episcopacy ever written* Bishop Bilsbn being the son of Mr. WilKaa Bilson, of Win obiter, ha most have been Bill's son.—Arthur Murphy died in Lmdot^, June 18, .1805. He was a rale. Irish boy t>J. birth-and a thorough Cookney by choioe and adoption. He trieid' the" London etago and. failed. He tried his fist at writing tragedies and succeeded. He -edited three periodiflBjiy studied the law, was called to the Bar/ mu briefless, wrote the lives of Fielding, ftnw*^' and Johnson, translated Tacitus,. a^d died A, tolerably wealthy man. ' " - 