t.HEBE AND WERE. There wag eueh an elaborate and exhaustive ceremonial in conneotlon with the funeral of the late Marquis Tseng, in China, that his daughter died from cheer fatigue. St Petersburg is the only capital of Europe in whiah the population is steadily diminish:. Ing. During the last seven years the in' habitants of that City hAve dttoroaoed by eb.ooW. In Gotkntritis under a despotic government {nsaftity is rare, as in Turkey, China, and RusbU. Dr Brigham affirms that it is, or rather wbb, uncommon in Spain out of the large eities. At the last performance of the Passion Play at Oberammergau crowds of visitors thronged the village. The play has been a wonderful pecuniary suoccsb, the reoelpts having been double those of 1880. A'great.oharge exploded lately at the gunpowder works of Messrs Hall and Son, at the Marsh', Faversham. The building was demolished, but the workmen were absent at the time, so that no one was hurt. A lady sketoher from London ascended from the Llantysilio Valloy to Bryn Eglwys, fcWoles, to see the sunset. When olote to he summit she fell down exhausted from the steep climb, and died on the spot. We lose 21b of water in the 24 hours by perspiration, and the moro we perspire the cooler we become. There are 27,000,000 pores on the surfaoe of our bodies, whioh, if placed in a line, would extend. 28 miles in ength. A new illustration of the distances of the stars !b that it would take all the Lancashire cotton factories 400 years to rpin a thread long enough to reaoh the nearest star at the present rate of production of 155,000,005 miles pei; day. A boy's strange mania was brought to the notice of a London magistrate. The boy was 6| yearsold, his favonrite paBtime being hailing a cabman off a rank and telling him he was wanted at Bome distant street, in order to get into the vehiole and have a ride. The London. Metropolitan volunteer strength now reaohes 35,888 offioers and men —046 above last year's numbers. There are 51 corps belonging to the Home District, whioh includes the volunteers of Berks, Bucks, and Oxfordshire, but excludes those of Kent and Essex. A deed of .real heroism is reported from St Omer. A journeyman, named Fayeulle, succeeded in rescuing six of his oomradeB from a vat full of carbonio aoid gas, but he himself waB over-powered by the fumes, and died before he could be got out. He leaves a wife and family. Louise Michel began life as a governess in the family of the Count de SoisBons, and her first exploit was to smash the crucifixes belonging to her pupilB, the Count's duughters, and to dance round the Count's dining-table denouncing the parish curd, who was Bitting at meat with the family. They are still a primitive people in Samoa At a ball held at Apia on October 17. at which the king was present, and the Consuls of the three great Powers attended, and the muBic was supplied by H.I.S M.S, Sperber, a grave deficiency was noticed. The owners of the hall are rigid good templars, and refused to permit spirits on the premises. The gentlemen, not to be defeatod, adjourned in .the intervals to the nearest aaloon, with the result, as the local newspaper gravely remark?, that many of the gentlemen of the party lost several dances, and the ladies, who are generally more'numerouB than the gentlemen on such occasions, had to await the return nf the members: of tire male sex. Nuw, if this had happened in one of our country " townships, people would have shrugged their shoulders, and asked, " What can you;expect?" But in regal presence ? O Samoa! And the male sex were Europeans 1 Ti'e brontometer of Mr G. J. Symons, F.R.S, and MM. Bichard Frires, of Paris, is intended to. give a complete soientifio record of the phenomena of a thundorstorin. It consists of a ohronograph which propels a travelling band of paper at a speed of 6ft per hour, and on thia an amenograph traoeB the varying velooity of the wind, while a barograph also records the pressure of the atmosphere. Keys are also provided which actuate marking pen's at the will of the observer, and registrer the instant of a flash of lightning, the beginning and end of a thunderclap, as well as the intensity and duratipn of a shower of hail or rain. We may also mention the new hair hygrometer of MM. Biohard Frires, in which a bundle of hairs, by expanding or contracting under the varying humidity of the atmosphere, actuate-a delicate pen which traces aline upon a ribbon of travelling paper, and thus registers the humidity in a continuous manner. The hair hygrometer is especially useful at lower temperatures, suoh as those about 32deg Fahr, the freezing point of water f_for, unlike other hygrometers, they are urtaffected by this degree of cold. Mr Shiels, the brilliant barrister to whom Victoria owes her divorce legislation, and should iowe her limitation of oounsel's lioenBe of oross-'exnmination, has just uttered some words'of caution, not unnecessary, about the increase of the civilian army of the State. The.Boston Herald flushes with civic prido because " nine hundred and eighty- eight thousand and Bevenly-eight baths were taken in the public bathing-housea of Boston during the past ceason." This is about two a year for each inhabitant—not a very high average, but promising. ., Tho recent American census Bhows that Chicago has leapt up from fourth place to second, while Philadelphia, Brooklyn, and Boston each drop back one. Both Chicago and Philadelphia have now more than a million inhabitants. The urban population iB growing more quickly than the rural. Of course, there is a diflerence in degree of cold. But what is the difference of process botween the chilling and the freezing of export butter They are experimenting in this direction' in Victoria to ascertain whether ohilling-preserves tho full flavour. What has long been foreseen in connection with the construction of armour- plated warships is now on the verge of becoming a present trouble. The discovery that a small percentage of niokel in the manufacture of steel plates makes them practically almost invulnerable covers a suggestion that tho fighting ships of to-day will have to be rearmoured. Before that job oan be completed, however, it is more than likely that some new geniuB will havo discovered an improved weapon for continuing to bore holos in them, and, in the meantime, tho question of tho dominion of tho waves occupies the position of x in an equation of tho nations.' The Federation Convention hangs. Hereabouts is tho difficulty : If held earlier than March it must be in Hobart, for summer in any of the other capitals is unendurable. What is the urgency 1 Let it be autumn, when Parliaments are out of session, and the climate of any part of Australia is divine. Dr John Erskine, a woll-known Scotch divine, was remarkable for his simplicity of manner and his gentlu temper. Ho returned ao ofton from tho pulpit minus his pookothandkerohief that Mrs Erskine at last began to suspect that the handkerchiefa wore stolon by eouio of the old women who linod tho pulpit Btairs. So, both to baulk and detect tho culprit, sho sewed a corner of tho handkerchief to ono of the pookeiB of his coattails. Half-way up tho pulpit Btairs the good doctor felt a tug, wheroupon ho turnod lound to the old woman whose was tho guilty hand to say, with great gentleness and simplicity, " No' the day, honest woman, no' the day. Mrs Erskino has sowed it in I" A British syndicate on Ootober 16 closed a bargain whereby it becomes the owner of tlireo of the largest woollen mills in New England (U.S.A.), those of tho Lyonavillo Company at New frovidonce, the Harrisville mills of Messrs William Tinkham and Co., and the H. A. ICembull mills at Manton. Tho machinery in all thoso mills is almost i}ew, and (hey are doing a large buoi- j Vosj. p,,,. ; . Walt Whitman is popularly thought to haro no sense of humour, but the other day a young man dropped in upon him at hia humble homo) in Camden* Now Jersoy, introduced himself as a poet, and begged to be allowed permission to read selections from a bundle of manuscripts which ; he carried. "No, thank you," said Whitman, Courteously, but 6rmlyj "I have been paralysed twibo." .... a. singular oigatetto acthdefit oMflrred in PtttlB. Atl tjldetiy gentlfltiiati tmived a slap 011 tho back ; tHa cigarette he had in his mouth disappeared, and two months later a circumscribed pneumonia developed, with pulmonary cedema and feeble heart. After two months of thia oondition the missing oigarette was coughed out. The pulmonary symptoms persisted for tome time, and had not entiroly disappeared at tho expiration of a year.. Tho remarkable toleration of the foreign body by the bronchus ia to be explained partly by the patiant'Bage and partly by the local Bedation caused by the tobacco. A conference was held in Sandhurst on Tuesday svening of representatives of the Trades and Labour Council and the master tailors, to consider the dispute concerning the tailors and the -Trades Council. The representatives agreed to the demand of tho masters that liberty should be allowed _ to engage hands irrespective of their being Unionists or non-unionists. Another conference is to take place, with regard to the log of prices, in connection with which there is much diversity of opinion. At the Viotorian Rifle Association g annual matches at Williamstown, in the Representative MatOht Lieutenant Whito got first, but only by a count back from Gunner Grummett of South Melbourne. The 0 Battery won the Teams Match. In the Open Club Match Mr E. Walker, of the Melbourne Rifle Club, was top soorer, beiDg beaten for the National Rifle Assooiatio.i Medal by Lieutenant White. The will of the late Mr James Robertson has been filed in the Probate OfHoe, and application will be made for its proof to-day. The testator died on the 25th July last, having executed hiB will in October, 1886. HiB estate is valued at £112,580, of which £92,630 is realty and £19,950 . personalty. HiB widow is left £2000 a year and the use of deceaBed'B house, and the remainder of the property is divided among his children. Probate will be applied for by the widow, Mr William Robertson, of Colac, and Mr ETrenohard, of Queen-street, stock and station agent. Ex-Cr Geddes, of Melbourne, has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment at the Criminal Court by Mr Justice Hodges. The prisoner pleaded guilty on Monday to fraud as a truBtee in misappropriating "three Bums, amounting to about £280, belonging to the Independent Order of Rechabites, The judge intimated that crimes of this kind were growing in the community, and must consequently be severely dealt with. The two years to whioh Geddes was sentenced commences to run after the three months which he received at last month's general sessions. We do not go to the "Anglican Churoh Magaiino" for a funny story, but thefollowing, as related by " J.," in illustrating his definition of "Humour," well deserves to be bo described :—Scene : Liverpool Police Court j on the bench, Mr Raffles, Stipendiary Magistrate; in the dook an Irishman, chawed wi.h having been drunk and disorderly. Magistrate : " Fined five shillings." Pat takes from his pocket two halforowna, turnB them over in his hand, and looks at them wistfully. Then to the magistrate: "Will your WorBhip'b glory give me-a reflate?" "No; we don't give reoeipts." " The sorra a bit av the money will ye' get at all, at all." Magistrate (good-humouredly) : " Come, now; what do you want with a receipt ?" Pat: " Well, your honour, when I die, and go up above, St Payther will say to me, ' Palhriclt, is this yoa V Then I'll Bay, ' It is, your Holiness.' 'Pathriok, were ye a good boy when yo wero below Y '' I was, your Holiness I' ' Did ye pay your debts?' 'I did, jour Holiness.1 ' Pathriok, where are your mates V And you know, your Worship, it wud be moighty onconvaynient to go to the other place to get a resate from ye thin." It is satisfactory to add that Pat's fine waB paid for him by laughing gentlemen in the court One ghost in London—that of the firet Lord Holland—is said to walk the Sir Joshua room at Holland House with his head in his hand. The dead are aaid to walk on Kingston Bridge on All Souls' Night. Anne of Cleevea itill haunts the 3&Uory;_ at Hover Castle known by her name. Tourists are solemnly told that Nell Cook may be Been on moonlight nights at the Dark Entry in Canterbury, and Heme the Hunter wbb fimly believed by old Windsor people only to have ce«Bed his perambulations of the forest when hiB oak was blown down not many yeara ago. In Sussex, most stolid and old-fashioned of the home counties, there are plenty of ghosts. There_ iB a Drummer of HerBtmonceaux J there is " Old Oxenbridge" of Brede Place ; in primitive St Leonard's Forest " Squire Paulett" ia still believed to jump upon the crupper of tho belated horseman, and stick there until dear country is reached. That very common English ghost, the Black Dog, abounds in Sussex. Under every sequestered wooden bridge the ready believer may see a headless old woman spinning, and in that lone country,' botween Kingston,, near Lewes, and the marshes of the Ouse, more spinning —this time of charcoal—iB done by a grey, eyeless goblin. As a result of the recent disgraceful proceeding in the New Sout'i Wales Parliament, Sir H. ParkeB is preparing a bill with the object of promo'ing good order in the proceedings of the legislature. He thinka thatameaBure might with advantage be paBsed compelling a member giving utteranoo to oharges of corruption and other allegations either to prove them or acknowledge tliat he made them ungardedly and without justification. Failing to do eithe • of these things, provision might be made for the explusion of a member from the Assembly, and his disqualification from si'ting again for a period of 3 or 5 years. The Government has arranged to ask Parliament to Bit for three weeks from tho 2nd December, tho day on whioh the Legislative Assembly rcnBsemblcB. ThiB will bring the session up to the 23rd December, two days before ChristroaB. Tho liovernmnnt will ask members to meet on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 2 30 p.m. instead of 4.30 p.m. Tno estimates of the late Government are to be disposed of, and the Fire Brigades Bill will then be taken in hund, after which tho Metropolitan Board of Works Bill will receive the final touches. A Railway Loan Bill, to meet pressing expendituie, will be submitted, and an eflorc made with several others measuros. Tho Minister of Minos will introduce an amending mining bill. Tho question of the price of ooal is attracting much interest just now, and inquiries are being made as tu when the presont high rates will be reduced. The Newcastle miners being again at work, and supplies coming to hand froely, it is felt both by importers and consumers that a reduction should tako place as soon as possible, and it has been decided that from yesterday and until further, notico the price Bhould be 28s fid por ton. The Melbourne Gas Company have not yet decided the date when thoy will reduce the price of gas, but it will probably be about thu 1st December. The St 'okton Colliery, which iB tho principal source of their supply, is expected toroaume work at once, and they anticipate in about 10 days that cargoes will bo to hand ; ao that tho beginning of noxt month will bo a convenient time at whioh to make a general reduction. The police magwtrato at Cooktown has wired to tho Chief Secrotary at Brisbane, reporting that a bo^he do mer fisherman named Robinson, and his mate, and one aboriginal havo been Hindered up tho ooast; by a nativo crew. Somo of tho Buspeotcd murderers, who had absconded with* outter, are now in ouBtody at Cooktown. Tho garner Albatross has been aont in searoh, j The-statements-recontly published concerning the bad quality of the coal imported from Japan have provoked soma attention from persons who have experience of using this material. The ongineers of the steamers Pathon, Chnrtors Towers,and Abergeldie ogrod in saying that they have constantly nvailed themselves of the fuel when engaged Jiitho China tr»de and hare found that they fihn (jet along with it very well, but to beep up average steaming they have to use 15 per cent; Wore than Welsh coal.. Whether the dial supplied to the railwoysiiasgood a» the fuel they rs/er to or not is not ascertained, but the railway engine drivers my they are obliged to use wood with the Japanese coal given to them in order to obtain the requisite pressure of Bt'eam. . 