Ohables fiddle A Story of the American Fratricidal War. CI &OBEBI; C. ilEIEBS, IT is small matter 1 0 what army, North or South, this drummer-boy belonged. 1 Toung lis was, his fair skin 1 tanned by the grim old euh. .1 his blue eves shining out, like M very forget-me-nots, in the 1 dull, dark surroundings, They said of him in camp I that he was a boy, and suiely Sti thc-y treated him, in tbrir Py rough way, like a child. Sun- r burnt meu called him I'M." Charley talked with him; « 'poke of scenes far away, 0 where those wbcm these sun burnt men loved more tbsn anything else in the world lived ; and Cuariey listened to them, and beard what was never told to older, less unsophisticated com panions, for somehow his young face and light, cheerful laugh appealed to tbese men, and made them oenfide in him. There was eveu a rumor that Sandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from tbe frontier, bad told Charley abont his own young days, and made tbe boy's bine eyes brim over at some little touch ol sentiment. Ton may, perhaps, eay that there is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienced in war. It is not eo. Around camp-firee, in dim places at night, when tbe tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly, and dreary, and fall of dire warning, there are taleB of love, , and sorrow, and loss, and hope remem bered and told -to listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death-delivering sound of can non, or swift whistle of the riflc-b&ll.; Thus was Charley, the drummer- boy, a cyclopedia of tbe gentler thoughts of tbe soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about the camp, and tbe kindly stars were peeping faintly out above tbe white tents, there would come a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game of cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and say, " That's Charley's fiddle 1" And did anyone take the trouble to look for the boy, he might be seen perched up on a ledge ol rook, or sitting fist on the ground, his chin pressed down, and bis bow in Ms hand, scraping dolefully out of bis shabby violin all tbe old, old tunes he remembered, and some of tbe newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fear ful misehanoe into camp. So, here among the purple shadows, when the fire on the ontpests shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play tbe tunes of peace aad happiness, the same as miles away they were bring played and snng by laughing, careless people in the crowned cities, filled with the rumors of war, not understood, but appreciated. But Charley had never been in an engage ment as yet, and tbe men said, " Don't be eo anxious, boy ; it'll all come soon enough 1" And it did come soon enough for him, Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for bim, only it was so monotonous. He also told the boys that this aunt was the only relative he had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that she was " mortal angry with him " for going away frpm her — for, somehow or other, he guessed abe " eort o' liked him." That wae ail he told them, and they got quite a joke np abont " Aunt Teddy," and often Epoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw him busy writing, to be sure and send much cf tbrir love to her. " You don't know her," said Charley, " or you wouldn't make so light of it. Why, she could take any of you single-handed, end you'd never know what hurt you." And eo be wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle 1 Well, it Beemed part of him. He loved it ! He loved tbe miserable little tunes be could play on it ; be loved to sit down anywhere, and at sny time, and strike up one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and play, till it was s wonder Yiow much endurance catgut has, | net to mention human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it 1 were a little child, and his blue eyes would flash aa his hand ewept over tbe strings.' And the time went on ; and in the intervals of Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it up. The day came when there were prepara tions for a battle going on ; tbe enemy was eurroundiDg tbem ; and Charley was glsd, but quiet. There was less time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was cot sentimental any mare — except that it was tragic. Two men had been picked off by scouts, and tbe grim faces of the boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, cool nigbt, while the long, white streets of the camp glistened in the moonlight, and It was not yet time for the men to torn in, E"k Charley was seen by Sandy Green busily writing a letter on his drum-head. " For aunt Ted, Charley?" asked Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then the old man stood there watching bim for a long time. , He saw the pleasant,/ brown face with the? blue eyes bent over ' the writing — sua ne — was B rough, a very rough man, mind you 1 — a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoods man, older than middle life, too ; and one to whom trouble was no account, because "it mast be surmounted. And yet be stood here, in the early moonlight, watching tbe drum mer-boy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked op when be had finished. "Ho. Sandy 1 you there yet!" said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. " Sandy, 111 give it to you to see posted for me. Will yon do it? You've got more ehanees than I have." So Sandy took tbe letter, and said, as he turned to Chaiiey : . " Bo yon know, hoy, that we eipect a scrimmage to-morrow ?" Yes, Charley "knew it, and he was glad. He gat Sandy Green to tell him all over again abont the battles that had been fought before; he listened, and wes bright and chirpy -over the stories ; -and tbe older man warmed, with his -subject, watched the. light in the boy's eyes, and ended by patting bim on the back. ... "YouH do, Charley!", he said., "And liiow give ns a tune, for who knows — well, give us b tune 1" So Charley brought hie fiddle, sud sat down on the side of his drum ; and Sandy laid -his sprawling length on tbe ground, his head on his band. '"Then a tone, light ens gay, went forth from the little fiddle 1 And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter; and -all at once Sandy said; ... /. -- - "Say, Charley! give us. the song yon played iaEtnight." ... ". - j There wss a elight pause, and then; quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air. catne j ube whole time of " Home, Sweet -Bome," softly end slowly played," filliog .the airj around, and toncbiog with kind fingers the ; hearts of the - listeners, . Ths boy e "heod-j "dropped xiver his fiddle as he : -sat there ' balanoedonthedramj-and . SandyGrcen's j Ijand woe pressed hard into Me head, Andj the fene wxr'i ch and- en, ecd tbc Etere sparkled, -the '. crickiets bliirpyd- peecslcEUy, when, all at once, a bugle .founded, a con- fused noise 'was borne to tbem. Sandy was: on his feet, Charley 'e drum was in his hand— and the enemy was on them 1 . Who can tell of tbe dreary emprise, of tbe terrible fight cf that nigbt, carried fer into tbe beautiful morning when innocent daisies were red snd horrible to look at, and the leaves of tress were blackened and scorched by the powder ? Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned slightly up to the sky ; tbe dead hands elntcbing tbe grass ; tbe soiled and torn clothing pierced with a little new bole, whence life and fluttered out? Long into tbe day it lasted ; and there were no more birds' eongjS heard. Tbe white streets of the camp were gone, and a confused moss of men, some wounded, end all bitter, were here instead. And tbe fight had ended, the enemy bad disappeared, and tbese men were— victorious ! Throughout the fight they all remembered to have beard tbe drum. They remembered seeing young Charley batless, hie lithe, boyish form in tbe thickest of the fight; for. there had been small order — it eould not be otherwise. And eome of tbem said he had been seen with a musket in his band, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was s silence ; these were not his drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps in the roll- many men who would answer to but one roll-call more— tbe mighty Boll of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there woe no response ; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll went ; and at last Sandy Green's name wae called — no answer. Again it was called, and then — then Sandy Green's voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming and limping up the hill, Charley on hie shoulders, white and wild. The men cheered — yes, they did— they cheered ! And Sandy stood in the midst of them, his leg wonnded by a ball, and told how he had been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an eod ot bim, but that Charley had used his bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. Bur, etrauge to eay, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy had taken him on his shoulders, for tbe boy had grown faint and white, bad called his name ; but a blank look was all tbe reply be had received. Charley's mind had stepped. There he was, looking at the men, a smile on his face, but an unmeaning light in his bine eyee. They looked at him, they shook him by the hand ; but he said nothing — he recognised no one. The surgeon came, and ebook his head. " Fright !" be said. But Sandy Green cried : "It's a lie, begging your pardon 1 The boy wasn't frightened." For all that, it made small difference to Charley. Day by day, as this portion of the sruiy made entrenchments where they were, ana prepared tor winter quarters, for tbiB point mast be guarded, Charley loitered about the hospital, not eick, not ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of the boys had hunted for his fiddle, but only the frag ments and the strings were left, and tbesG Sandy Green had taken charge of, as he lay in bis cot ; for, eaid he, " The right of these things might make the boy worse." Tbe surgeons studied the case. It was new to them ; a fine opportunity for experi ment ; and experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one, missing nothing he had before known The men, when they met him, called out, " Hi, Charley 1" and he seemed to be pleased at that — nothing more. Often they wonld look at bim, speak of him, for you see they hud all so liked him. And Sandy Green was grieved at heart, though hie manner was as gruff and rude as ever. After awhile the surgeons came to 8 strange conclusion. They said that the life ot Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful evening, that nigbt' when he bad seen a fight, was a blank. They said that there was no bridge to connect the time be fore, and tbe time after thai terribly experi ence. They cited vast authorities, and con- fuEcd themselves about tbem, and so far oanfused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, tbat tbe rough man looked on Charley as though he were a ghost. One day Sandy green, feeling in hie pechet, found the letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and bad been forgotten . ever since. At sight of it, he went for paper and pencil immediately. That night ho had told the boys he had written to Charley's -aunt, getting the direction from Charley's unposted letter. " Aont Teddy's coming to camp, boys," said eome of them, in faint remembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative. "Sandy Green has written to her, telling her all about the boy." _ Lo J io 1 A few days after, a tall appari tion, gaunt and grim, draped ia gray, made its appearance in the hospital, ashing for Charley Morgan ; . and in lees than an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had come. All who could sauntered past the window, just to peep at her. Bat they did not go twice, for her fierce look was eomethimr dreadful ; snd it was everywhere at onoe. They were afraid ef her. They might face the enemy, but Ahnt , Ted dy was something -more. And Charley 1 She just went up to I the poor lad, and took 1 hie face between her a two bony hands. 'J " Charleyl" she said. IAnd he turned his smiling xneaningiess face to" her, and > leeched low. and . did ! not know her. i - llbe eat quietly down, and rocked -herself m e fro. -No! Aunt Teddy could, do i . go the :days wore on, end some of the ifjioys saw her sitting beside Charley, holding his hand in hers. und looking 'flereriy 'about lier like a lioneeB guarding ber ydung. Bbe I -would not -have . him ' atir Trom -her, and heamedperiretlytebuteutedheiudeheir. ' . s And wbenibo tewha.nlttingjriiEie,"' fierce endcngusid, ho!din|r he L boy 's vbscd; in her own, and. be. smiling and happy- looking, they felt'alump in their thto&ta; ; and in a way they respected Aunt Teddy more than if she cned over him, calling him loving names, for they saw strength there, tike their own — Btrength of protection. And, do y ou know, it was eaid that when Sandy Green saw her coming in that day, he hobbled out aa fast as he could; and with a white faee'; ard he would not go near her when she asked for the man who pad written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of her — the gaunt, grim apparition. To the doctors ehe was a little more conciliating ; and, although ehe told tbem they did not know their business, yet, when one of tbem leaned down, and treed to take Charley 'e hand bomber's to give Unfriendly shake, she said: ' Don't, please 1 I want io hold him to me, for he's all I've got." And the doctor could hot help grasping her's, with a great choke in his Ihro&t.; " If we could awaken Charley to eome memory of tbe past," said the doctor to ber one day — " if we could bring bim baok to the day before the -fight —if he could recognise something he had known then, we might eave bim perhaps." " I'm not a rieb woman," was the reply, " but HI write this instant to my agent to sell my house. And tbat money — all I have in the world — Hi give to the man who brings my boy back to me," Now all Hue was duly reported about camp — all this and more. And it was told to Sandy Green, among others. He shook bis bead gruffly. But in tbe middle of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed and searched around, and found an old flat dgar- box. All the next day be worked at the box, worked myeterionriy and kept lookers-on away. For two days be soraped at it. On the third, Charley was to go away with hie annt; for ehe bad determined to take him home. On this last evening Sandy Green was seen lurking about the hospital ; and ones, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to see abont some final preparations for departure, ha darted in, caught Charley by the hand, and limping swiftly away with bim, took bim to a little knoll far off— took him to a drum laid side- wise on the ground, and, Beating him there, pulled out a cigar-box, shaped rudely like a violin, the strings of Charley's own lost in strument stretched upon it. Then he brought but a rough bow. Charley eat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow acrosB tbe strings, but before he could repeat it, a ruBtting noise was beard, and there w&b; Annt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she was followed by half the boys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised hie band to wBrn them. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening sir eame the old tune oi " Home, Sweet Home," rudely and brokenly played ; bnt there it was — there it was 1 The smile on Charley's faee faded out, like the light cf the ignis fatmts. A startled ex pression came instead ; he leaned forward — be listened. \- The boye pressed closer and closer. Sandy Green's fingers trembled ao that he could scarcely hold tbe impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley's face ; he started up, looked confusedly abont him, opened his tips. " Aunt Teddy 1" he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneel ing at hie fret, bugging his knees, crying wildly. The boyB stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for he had done more than they could do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every man of them, went up to Sandy, and wrung bis hand. He bad let the fiddle fall to tbe ground, and bis rough face wsb seamed with tears. " Herel— somebody lead me to Sandy Green I" cried a voice, the voice of Charley's annt ; " for I can't eee, I'm orying eo hard ; and my legs are clean gone from nnder me P And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him, hut not' before Charley had caught both Sandy's bands in his. And. what did Aunt Teddy do? She just threw. tier arms around Sandy Green's neck, and gave him a sounding Uibs, before all the boys, toe 1 And from a score of strong throats came a cry ; "Three cheers fox- Sandy Green — and a tiger!" And ehe shook hands with them, every one, "" Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house as a reward for " anyone who could eave her boy." The cigar-box fiddle may still be seen there— and often is seen by Sandy Green and others — and it ie christened " Charley's Fiddle." 