'BUSY BATHURST.' No. XVI. What inhabitant'' of this mundane sphere is there who has not at some time or other had occasion to do busi ness' with the chemist? He and his wares are as indispensable to mankind, the subject of ills to which flesh is heir, as steam to the locomotive. Therefore, our articles on ' Busy Bathurst' would be as incomplete as the play of ' Hamlet' without the ghost were not the medicine man and the multifarious contents of his establishment treated on. MESSRS. WILLIAMS BROS., the enterprising and widely-known con sulting, manufacturing, and pharmaceu tical chemists and perfumers, have extensive businesses established in Newtown, Surry Hills, and Bathurst. It is with the last named branch we proposo dealing. The business, which is carried on in commodious premises in Howick-streot, was purchased from Mr. J. R. Laughton six years ago. L'\\-r a couple of years each of the Messrs. Williams managed here in turn. They were succeeded by Mr. G. E. Evans, who still represents the firm, and that gentleman's ability in his profession is best testified by the fact that the fullest confidence is reposed in his management, under which the business has made rapid strides, and still continues to increase with unmistakable certainty. Tin- Messrs. Williams Bros, probably rank as high as any chemists in the coh.ny, consider ing the world- wid'j experience tluy have had and the positions of trust occupied by them. They both graduated .in the well-known establishment of Savoy and Mowe, chemists to the Queen, and also acted as responsible assistants at tho pharmacy of Roberts & Co., the favored chemists of H.R.H. Prince of Wales. For some time Mr. W. Williams was head dispenser at one of these establish ments, both in the English and French departments. Several customers, includ ing one young lady, who wanted .the greater porf ion1 of her teeth drawn and substituted by the artificial preparation, came in as we conversed with Mr. Evans, who politely asks Ihem to exer cise a little patience, and pointing to our representative, armed from top to toe with the interviewing equipments, let it be known with becoming obeisance that the press, like time and tide, waits for no man, and he must, perforce, attend upon the wishes of the irrepressible reporter. We are taken into the surgery, a cosy room at the back of the shop. Every thing looks inviting, and a window opens out to a nice view of a trim garden where, in addition to the propagation of household vegetables, Mr. Evans makes successful experiments with medicinal seeds and herbs. The surgery contains one of the finest and'' most complete col lection of English and American-made dental instruments out of Sydney. Upwards of forty forceps for the extrac tion of teeth occupy a prominent place iii the case for instruments, and besides these there are numev- is other appli ances for scaling and stopping the teeth, and a large stock of gold leaf and fellets and silver alloy filings which are called into requisition for the preservation of the dentine substance which is provided for us by Nature to take food and pre pare it for deglution and digestion. We. sit in, an easy chair, ? where many a victim to .toothache, which Shakespeare says no philosopher yet has been able to bear patiently, has sat be fore us and are shown the modus operandi for the' extraction of teeth by the aid of nitrous oxide gas, commonly known as laughing gas. A large gasometer, capable of holding 5-00 gallons, is charged with compressed gas, made by heating nitrrte of ammonia to 350 or 450 degrees Fahr. and washing the gas. Nitrate oxide gas is colorless and inordorous. From the gasometer the gas is conveyed by tubes into a large cautchouc bag, which holds leu gallons. From tho bag the gas is administered to the patient by '.means of an inhaler, which fits into the mouth. The gas rapidly enters into circulation, is ab sorbed by the plasma, converts the arterial into venous blood in the course of about sixty seconds, and a condition of partial asphyxia follows. Then it is while the patient in imagination soars through realms Elysium that the forceps ply upon the stubborn tooth and. rapidly wrench it from the seat of formation. Our curiosity urged us to expedience ;tho sen sation described by Mr. Evans, but the fear that continual use of the appliance, becoming second nature* he might, un wittingly and of course innocently, seize upon a pair of forceps, held us in check, and we proceeded to .investigate the mysteries of artificial teeth and the means by which they are prepared to take the place of those supplied by Nature. Por celain appears to be the substance most largely- used in the manufacture of arti ficial teeth.; the other ingredients ave known only to the favored few who come within the pale of the profession. Messrs. Williams Bros, obtain their supplies from such eminent- manufac- turers as Ash anil Sons, of London, and S. White, America. The method of preparing the teeth either in vulcanite, gold, celluloid, or platinum, which was shown us, is highly interesting, but is so intricate as to render it impossible for a lay mind to convey any adequate idea that might be grasped by the newspaper reader. A great many sets of teeth in various stages of preparation are being' got ready by Mr. Evans just now, and his order book shows the popularity and confidence which this department of tho establishment enjoys. A glance round the shop shows at once that the master hand has been at work. Everything is arranged in apple-pie order and shown off to the best possible advantage. Both sides of the shop are lined with patent medicines and proprietary articles, all kinds of drugs, essential oils, extracts, ointments, liniments, infusions, dococ tions, lozenges, herbs, pills, etc' To individualize names would be invidious ; such a label as 'Ichthyoc'' is quite enough to make us confine our observa tions to generalities. In the centre of the shop two largo show-cases are fixed and contain a multifarious assortment of tooth brushes, hairbrushes, feeding cups, chest and lung protectors, shoulder straps, abdominal belts, and puff-boxes. Two unique cases, slanding on either side of a large mirror, are the receptacles for perfumes of all description, and half-a-dozen large-sized bottles on the j table at the bottom of', the mirror are ! provided with an assortment of perfumes for the use of customers. The Williams Bros', own manufacture finds a place ] among numerous varieties such as eau ! de cologne, lavender water, frangipani, I white rose and wood violet. The names j of other makers include such world- j renowned perfumers as Piesse and ! Lubins, Rimmell, Roger and Gallet, Ricksicker. On the counter the first case brought under our notice was found to contain all the hom-i-- pathic medicines in use, of Williams Bros.', own preparation as well as those of Ash and Co., and Turner. A very elaborate uuel costly globe of cut glass is filled with a full assortment of putt's in every size and at million prices. Two other cases on the counter, fined with , glass faced sides, are packed- wiih tooth brushes of all sizes, qualities, colors, and makes ; soaps in endless shapes and makes, including Pears', Cuti Cnra, Cashmere Bouquet, and Reiger's ; combs, including a new make known as the Olive Dore Vulcanised Rubber Comb. Its teeth are as hard al most as flint, and can be made to do service as a saw when not in use for the toilet. Smelling salts, in cut-glass and hand-painted bottles, fill up another case, and further on we find prepara tions peculiarly useful to the ladies. Amongst Ihem we noticed Tcxlon's Mountain. Rose aiid Bloom of Ninon, recherche preparations for the com plexion. Spectacles to suit all sights, and in colored glasses, thermometers and barometers, sponges of all kinds are unfolded to our gaze, and a drawer is opened to show the stock of cucalyptal preparations, which are at present in stock. A case at the end of the counter contains a very choice assortment of essences. Along the wall we noticed some of the firm's famed egg powder, which is claimed to be a sure and certain preventative against disease in poultry, Pot tie's celebrated horse and cattle medi cines, for which Williams' Brothers are agents, and a large stock of their own preparations, anil others tinctures in quantities sufficient to fill millions of bottles in the form they are retailed. At the dispensing counter we were shown saccharine, a preparation from tar, which is said to be 800 times sweeter than sugar. It is coming into great use for patients suffering from diabetes. Four large carboys, filled with a liquid that give a distinguishing character to all chemists shops, set the window off to great advan tage, and another stands over the dis pensing counter. It was gratifying to learn in our perigrinations through the shop .that t]ie whole of the poisons used in tlieVbusiiiess are kept in one cupboard. This we were shown and noticed such labels as' strychnine, morphia, arsenic, aconite, and prussic acid. The mother tinctures kept by Williams Bros, include ft- number imported direct from the laboratory of Dr. Will mar Schwabe, Leipzig, and Air. Evans informs us they are' not kept by any other house in the western district. In the store room, along ranges, an immense stock of dis pensing ; bottles of. all sizes, from one drachm to a quart, is kept ; further on we .encounter'! 'piles of tins containing Williams Bros.' celebrated and popular Australian Insecticide, of which last sea son 20 tons were sold. The centre of the. store room is occupied by large stone jars filled with linseed meal, canary seed, cream of tartar, blue stone, and innumerable packets of medicinal seeds and herbs find a place along one side of the wall. Acids, in which a large trade is done, include muriatic, sulphuric, and nitric acids, arc carefully stowed away, and packed in large cases and barrels .Holloways Pills, soaps, and sulphur take up a deal of space in the store-room. With the approach of the summer months we learn from Mr. Evans that he is just now busity engaged in the preparation of Williams Bros.' cele brated Eye Lotion, which, it is alleged, cures affected eyes in iwo days. We ventured enquiries as to the ingre dients used in its preparation, but were politely told by Mr. Evans to at tend to our own business. Having seen all that we came in search of we quietly took the hint, and slipped out between the labyrinth of cases, bottles, mirrors, etc., with a request from Mr. Evans to put in a word on behalf of Colonial chemists for the introduction of an im mediate and substantial system of Protection. 