ORROROO. The tenth annual St. Patrick's Day sports were held on the Show Grounds, Orroroo, in presence of about 320 people, on Monday last. The inclement weather reduced the attendance con siderably, but the different events were keenly contested and enjoyed by all present, who were loud in their praise of management, and the efficiency of Mr. A. P. Yeates, the starter. A bazaar in connection with the above was held in the Institute on Saturday and Monday nights, and passed off splendidly, thanks to the liberal patronage bestowed upon it by all classes of the community, and the young ladies who worked so hard in making and vending the numerous and truly creditable display that formed the bazaar. Below are the events and winners of them Maidens — T. Thompson, 1; J. O'Reilly, 2. Boys' Race—Fahey, 1; Cusick, 2. Sheffield Handicap — T. Thompson, 1; G. Tapscott, 2; A. Hennessey, 3; P. Leitcb, 4. Ladies' Race — Miss Shannon, 1; Miss Collins, 2. Tossing the Caber —• M. Shannon, 1; J. Timmins, 2. Distance, 32 ft. 8 in. Old Buffers' Race—E. Ryan, 1; T. Doherty, 2. Hop, step, and jump— M, Shannon, 1; P. McNamarra, 2— 39 ft. Hurdles—J. O'Reilly, 1; Wm. Arthur, 2. Hack Race — Paech's Beeswing. Putting the Stone, 28 lb.— M. Shannon, 1; P. McNamarra, 2— 24 ft. 2 in. Consolation Hack Race— J. Daly's Whalebone. Tilting—M. McMahon, 1; Leamy, 2. Mile Walking Match—Won by McDonald after an exciting finish. WOKURNA, March 15. This is a land of tnallee and sand, bounded on the north by Hope, east by the humble Hummocks, west by the saline splashes of Spencer's Gulf, and south by The Southern Cross. Once the native haunts of timid emus and manly kangaroos, succeeded now by posts and wires, and wingless cockatoos. Ere the arrival of the subterraneous Beetaloo stream, this was. a spot of drought and doubt; and though since the completion of that necessary work, very few dams have been made, a good many have been laid by those farmers immediately abutting the main, who have to pay 4d. per acre, water rates, on land that is not worth 2d. an acre rental, a severe tax on any smuggler's patience. These back woods of South Aus tralia are not remarkable for life, save in the forms of wriggling snakes, adders, scorpions, etc., and exciting meetings with these low creatures are not uncommon, and tend to relieve the monotony of Wokurna life. Strange, just as Yours, Mine, & Co. had con cluded the above serpentine sentence, his attention was attracted or distracted by a scorpion crawling up within his leg-coverings, but after a few minutes of erratic movements, capture and annihilation followed, and yours, etc., is again in a writing-at-you mood. The crops of last year suffered severely from the effects of red rust to the extent of about six bushels per acre. In some of the adjoining hun dreds thousands of bags of wheat were more or less damaged by the phenomenal rains of last summer, and many corn raisers have difficulty in disposing of their produce, in consequence; though the rains were of considerable benefit to gardens—piemelons, pumpkins, and watermelons, thriving wonderfully. This reminds me of the snrreptitions entrance of a pair of new chnms into a garden lately for the purpose of extracting a choice watermelon. Having selected the largest vegetable boulder, they repaired for a picnic 'neath an umbrella busb, but after having devoured about two pounds in weight, they discovered they bad been dis cussing a porcine pumpkin (country bumpkins). Locusts have been very numerous of late, especially at Barunga Hap, " sweet spot on the Hummock's Crown," where the noise of these low cusses at the grass-devouring process reminds one of scores of mowers at work; and as many as a dozen to the square foot have been noticed over acres of ground, boring holes for hatching purposes—another trouble ahead. We have no church in this district, but are attended to by the rev. fathers from Kadina. Some Catholics here live at a distance of from ten to twelve miles from a church, and the roads as a rule being a rapid succession of precipitous sand-hills, the devotional feeling that should pervade the driver is severely taxed when sundry exclama tions relating to water conservation are necessary to encourage the beasts of draught in climbing over these arenaceous pinnacles. The electors are undergoing a thorough system of training prior to the eventful, and some of them need to be under the influence of enthusiasm, considering they have to travel over twelve miles to make two strokes (x). Some assert that the agitation cant o'er the Capitation Grant is simply a political ghost enveloped in the red rag of prejudice, hoisted aloft by mischief makers on the puerile pole of paleace ous palaver, for the purpose of alarming the vacillating and nervous on the day of action. Halt 1 my quill is beginning to kick like a surly sfwk-up kangaroo of the masculine gender. St. Patrick's Day in the evening. The few Hibernians inhabiting these wealds have not a very satisfactory manner of celebrating this immortal's anniversary. Shamrocks being rare, mallee leaves are called into requisition for adorning our manly bosoms. The people, like the weather, are generally dry at this time of the year, and the only moistener within reasonable distance being the Beetaloo waters, it is difficult to raise one's enthusiasm up to boiling point on such a mild beverage. How ever, the day was ushered in by tre mendous aerial cannonading, as a thunderstorm swept across about day break, causing sleeping Celts to bound from their hammocks, singing, "All praise to St. Patrick, etc." " Grand Old Men."—Mr. Glad stone's 80th birthday recalls to the London Telegraph many names of "grand old men" who are still living. The Venerable Lord Cotteslee, doyen of the House of Peers, is 91; the Earl of Albemarle, who fought as an ensign with the 14th Foot of Waterloo, is 90; Lord Ebury, 88 ; Earl Grey, the Bishop of Chichester, Lord Hammond, Lord Wimmarleigh, and Viscount Templeton, each 87; the Duke of Cleveland and the Earl of Essex, 86; and Lord Tennyson, 80. In the House of Com mons the other octogenarian members besides Mr. Gladstone are :—General Sir George Balfour, 80; Sir Gilbert Greenall, 83; Mr. Issac Holden, 82; Colonel O'Gorman Mahon, 86; Mr. David Pugh, 83 ; and the Right Hon. Charles Pelham Villiers, the oldest member, 87. Among the " grand old men" of Bcience there are several, including Sir George Airy, ex-Astrono mer-Royal, 88; Sir Edwin Chadwick, 89 ; Sir Richard Owen, 85; Sir George Paget, Regius Professor of Physics at Cambridge (brother of Sir JamesPaget), 80 ; Mr. James GlaBhier, the meteorolo gist and aeronaut, 80. The law — Sir James Bacon, ex-Vice- Chancellor, 91; Sir Barnes Peacock, Judge of the Privy Council, 84. The Catholic Church still possesses Cardinal Newman, 88, and Cardinal-Archbishop Manning, 81. The navy has, among others, Admiral Sir Provo Wallis, of Shannon and Chesapeake fame, 98. There are 44 baronets over 80, and 57 knights. Stamps.— We mast ask our sub scribers not to send us stamps if possible —postal-notes are much more con venient. If stamps must be sent, penny ones are preferred. 