NVE, S IN BRIEF Forgery of £5ooo. Gas strike. "Lighten our darkness." Footscrayjourney to Ballarat, to play the Ballarat Imperial, to-day. Suggested amalgamation of all the shipping companies into one. J. M. Barr's property list appears on our fourth page. Union hands warned against all violence or insulting behaviour. Fares increased to Tasmania by £2 nos saloon, and £L ios steerage, and no return tickets. The death of Mr Michael Kidston, the well known solicitor, is recorded, on Thursday last. Trades Hall offers 2000 men for special constables if wanted to maintain order. Twenty fresh cases of typhoid in Toorak and Prahran. Milk supply suspected. Happy despatch. Housebreakers with quite a kit of tools, arrested in the train for Geelong, before business had commenced. As the man Botta, who was recently shot bY Miss Bagley, is now recovering, she has been allowed out of prison on bail of £20. Grand demonstration breakfast of the Victorian Alliance at the Town Hall. Liquor traffic doomed to extinction. Albury happy that the shipowners conference was held there. Think it indicates the future Federated capital. Plenty of. time -for that yet. Police Magistrate at Warrnambool has issued a writ for libel against the Minister of Justice, the" Hon H. Cuthbert. Damages claimed, £5coo. "iF7orevedinpethe poll-tax? nd-shamm~ng-in sanity, Ah Ping was ordered to pay £1oo, and £5o fine, in default two years' imprison ment. An expensive trip. The London Dock Laborers are prepared to make levies of Is per man to help the Australian strike fund. Tit for tat. We notice that the tender of the John Hydraulic Co. has been accepted for; the erection of a balanced safety lift at the Powder Magazine, on Saltwater river, at £663 5s. \- Justice Hlodges could not see the extra £Loo claimed by the liquidator of. the Premier Society, at least not in the same light as Colonel Templeton, and therefore the item was struck out. .The Attorney General• entertained befoie leaving for England. It. must come to' the turn of Messrs Gillies, Patterson and Davies next :to exploitre Europe and the. Continent. Why not? - In despite of the croakingso about Victoria overborrowing, the Brunswick municipal loan of £45,000 went offin London at an average of .£o5 x5s or £ 'ISns: infadvance of the minimum; The offers amounted to £132,ooo. A new smokeless powder has been effectively tried in Italy. Batteries were kept firing for half.ai-hour without their positions being discernible. What a' great advantage this would be at the Heads in case of an invading fleetcoming so far. A guinea an hour, with hall a guinea extSr fee for overtime, and £Ioo for worry and anxiety of mind during the interim.'. Who would not be a Templeton, an accountant and keep his own.time sheet? . In another column appears an advertisement for applications to fill the post of librarian in the 'Mechanics' Institute, Mr Neil Ferguson having fouid it-necessary owing to pressure of business to resign his post. At the committee meeting'of the Mechanics' Institute `held .on Tuesday. the resigniation of Mr Neil Ferguson of his post of librarian-was accepted, the secretary being instructed to forward a letter expressing the feelings of esteem for Mr Ferguson entertained -by the committee, and their satisfaction at the way in which his duties have been" perlormedl: Mr Ferguson's'resignation is owing to pressure-of busineas. Mr Heith~er will 'preach in the Wesleyan church, Hyde street, next Sabbath• morning, to and the Rev. J. W. Tuckfield in the even. N. ing. ai Messrs D. Macpherson and Co. will hold a Sr sale of horses, etc., at 2.30 p.m. to-day, at the Ritiog Sun hotel, opposite the West Footscray station. On Monday next at 2 p.m, MessrsJ. Brooks F and Co, will hold a sale of furniture in their at rooms, Somerville road, Yarraville. In the Presbyterian church. to-morrow, the E Rev. iM G. -Hart will conduct both services. : Morning subject:-" A strike in Old Testa- D ment times,": Evening :- Evangelistic ser- is vice; subject:--" Have ye received the Holy c Ghost since ye believed ?" On Monday evening next, the Victoria T street Wesleyan church give an entertainment of a musical character in aid of the church funds. :Mr J. Stewart will occupy the chair, and the performance will be supplied by the Ormond family from Collingwood. - Various' suggestions are made for a confer ence of delegates from both sides of the strike. h One proposal is that the Chief Justice, the f t Premier anti Chief Secretary endeavour to F bring together representative men agreed upon byboth parties. Nothing done asyet. c One development of the strike. The a Herald gas engines could not work owing to the want of preseure. The Age kindly printed I off the papers. The Standard was in a similar e position, and was equally obliged. The query 9 is now. How long will the stock of coal at I I- the Age and Argrrs offices last, before these papero will have to cave in and stop work ? , Most of the Premier shareholders who asked for Colonel Templeton as winder-up, now wish they hadn't. Such winding is too expensive for everyohnes' taste, and the question arises,-will there be any left to wind up soon, or will all r the funds be liquidated or otherwise hypothe cated ? Among the prizes awarded at the Royal Agricultural Society's show we find for ponies c under twelve hands, that Mi J. Stewart, Footscray, received first, and Mr J. Burnside, Deer Park, third prize. Mr C. Junner, Foots cray, secured second for golden-pencilled Hamburg fowls, and Mr S. T. Maxwell, formerly of Yarraville, was highly successful, carrying off a number of prizes for various breeds and classes. On Sunday last the funeral of Mr R Lambert was very largely attended. He was a very old resident of Williamstown and Foots cray, and had been for upwards of thirty years in theRRiilway Department. The deceased had been in ordinary health up to within a few hours of his death, which took place quite un expectedlylwhile he was lying down on the e afternoon of the 22nd. He had reached his r- 6Sth year. A youth at 20 was so tired of life at Carlton that he tried to force the contents of a phial of laudanum down a female friend's threat. Fail ing that, he drank it himself rather than see it e wasted. He was not particular wht had i', so, e concealed it . in -his person. The hospital k authorities,; however, used effective search warrants, and recovered the properiy, but in a very dilapidated condition. HIe is better now, and the rest of the ceremony is postponed sine t, die. ) A very sad case of apparently attempted murder took place on Monday night, when a young woman, named Lily Bagley, --was arrested on the charge of shooting her sweet S heart, Enrico Botta, with a revolver. It ap rs pears there-had been a lover's quarrel, after t which she followed him to his uncle's place, and having had hint called out, deliberately e fired four shots at him, two of which took I- effect, but not seriously, as after the bullets n were extracted he was able to leave the : hospital. The girl was remanded for a week. e In our report of the council proceedings last )r week the name of Cr Minty was omitted k from the motion for a separate banking account for each ward.- Some time ago Cr Mlinty brought the question forward, but the r Mayor declined to put the motion and advised IC that it should be held over until after the \- election. This was done and the resolution as stated moved last week, when after some lively- discussion it was carried on Cr Minty's )r expenditure conducted pro rala under Sec. le 252 Local Government Act, and a monthly statement be furnished to each member of the council." Holloway's Pills. - Indigestion. - How t much thought has been bestowed, and what :e voluminous treatises have been written upon h this universal and distressing disease, which is with certainty and safety dispelled without fear n of- relapse by a course of this purifying, sooth ing and tonic medicine ! It acts directly on ig the stomach, liver and bowels-then indirectly, te though no less effectively, on the brain, nerves, ir vessels, and glands, introducing such order throughout the entire system that harmony dwells between each organ and its functions. Dyspepsia need no longer be the bugbear of the public, since Holloway's Pills are fully competent to subdue the most chronic and dis tressing cases of impaired digestion, and to re store the miserable sufferer to health, strength, and cheerfulness. Speaking of the Royal National Agricultural Show the Age says:--The Braybrook Implement Company Limited are bidding for public favor, ig and they have some very useful implements upon their stand. As the patentees of the ir now celebrated stump jump implements they naturally show up well in this department. They claim that their stump jump ploughs and scarifiers are a speciality. A steering bar has been affixed to these ploughs, so that work 33 can be set out as with an ordinary implement. n Their patent cultivator is highly spoken of, and the principal of the Dookie College says 1- of them, "They are the best of the kind I ty have ever used." A regulating corn screen ought to claim attention by those who desire to al get a first-class sample. The company also show one- of their self-regulating windmills, which is made chiefly of iron and has no joints to get out of order. It is a very effective and powerful aiticle. But perhaps the imtplemeiit .h that will claim most attention is their patent Cr combined harvester. This is set forth as one of the best labor saving machines ever offered, y as it strips, thrashes, winnows and bags at the one operation. There are several features about it that are altogether different from any other harvester made. Altogether this imple C ment, which can be worked comfortably with r three horses, should prove a boon to agricul turalists. The firm also show one of their e pony strippers, but these are too well known en to require special mention here. 