AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. A guinea an inch appears by the test of the auction room to be the market value iu these days of an autograph letter of Klog Richard III. Tho late 31 r. Robiiuon. at tho sale of whose autograph collections this raro relic has just been disposed of, is said to have paid more for ifc. If this is true, Royal missives are pie- suraptively falling lapric., for the Newcastle sale must have drawn t.gother a thoroughly representative body of amateurs and., con noisseurs The letter was written at Barnard Castle, in Durham,' and dated 4th August, 14S0, that is about three years before the crook- back Duke of Gloucester, Constable and Admiral of England, came to the throne. It has reference to the affairs of one John Randford, and is described 03 slightly tinged and torn, but written in a small clear hand, pasted on a clean sheet of white paper aud euclosed in a glazed oak frame . To the woll known men— and to them alone — the three-volume novel system is an El Dorado. The starters and stragglers had a chaac9 when but two score of so three-volume novels ap peared in the year; but now, when over 200 are published annually, the libraries, in their dis traction, order, in any number, only the works of men ; who have 44 arrived. " .Last month, for iu- stance, "NVilkie Collins's 44 Blind Love, "which tho reviewers justly pronounced wretched, crushed out everything at Mudie's. The extinction of the three-volume novel would mean the extiuction of tho libraries. Mr. "William Black, iu the 44 Daily Graphic," says that the 31s. 6d. novel is the cheapest form of publication ex taut, since for a guinea subscription to the library the sub scriber canread 100 three-volume novels a year. Suppose these novels were published at 2s; each, and were procurable only by purchase, , how many would spend £10 -a, year. on Lght read- ing? Dickens, when.he intended to write a Christ mas. story, shut himself up for six weeks, living like a hermit, and came out. looking as haggard as a. murderer. Balzac, after he had thought out thoroughly ono of his philosophical romances and amassed his materials in a most laborious manner, retired to his study, and from that time until his book weut to pres9, society saw. him no more. When, ho appeared again among his friends, he looked, said' his publisher, iu the popular phrase, liko his own ghost. Tho manu script was afterwards jaltered and copied, when it passed into tho hands of the printer, from whose slips tho book was re- written for the third time. ..Again it went, into the hands . of the printer— two, three and sometimes four; separate, proofs, being required before the author's leave could bo got to send the perpetually re-written book to. press and to have done with it. Ho was literally tho terror of all printers and editors. V.Teuuyson is reported to . havo written 44 Come into the garden, Maud," more, than fifty times before it pleased hira; and <4Looksley Hall," the first draft of . which was. written in two days, he spent the better part of six weeks, for eight hours a day, in altering and polishing. .' There has been an interesting controvorsy in the English papers on the three volumo method of publishing novels. The blame'of the sys tem is laid by somo at the doors, not of .Mr. Mudio and Mr. Smith, or of the really success ful novelists, . but of the publishing houses. "When Mr. Hail Caine had writteu his 44 Bond man " ho asked his 'publishers, "Messrs. Chatto and Windus, to publish it as a cheap' '.one volume.' This thoy graciously, but firmly de clined to do, saying that tho samo proposal for popular publication at the outset had beeu more thau onco made in years past by other, novelists/ the late "Wilkie Collins among the rc3b, aud had always been declined by thorn as against the interest of both novelist and publisher. Not to be easily ba filed, Mr. Caine or his representative tried other publishers/no fewer than four or five in all, some of them of the first rank, and in every ease lie received an offer for bis book as a throe volnmo novel, but polite, perhaps reluctant, but always decisive refusals to publish In a single volume at first. Evoutually, however, Messrs. Casscll and Co., offered fclioir 5s. Adventuro oorics cor ino ooex, one cue arrangement uroKB 'down on another issue. In the end Mr. Caine had' to return to 'the three volume form as Wilkio Collins and other authors had dono before him. The publishers say (not without truth) that the publio likes tlio three volume book, and finds it tho plcasantcst to read and by far the cheapest. - Mr.' Christie Murray has, in response to an inquiry from a New Zcalaud interviewer, given some hints to literary aspirants as to tho steps taken in trying to find a publisher. 41 You have first to get some person with a critical faculty and the requisite information to read the novel, and say what kind of a uovel it is. Then you try the publishers who go in for that kind. For instance, a novo! of charactor and observation might go to Chatto and Windus ; a religious novel might go to Hodder and Stoaghton, who publish George Macdouald's books ; a story of rattliug love and adventuro would stand its best chauce-with CasseH, Potter and Galpin. Offer cither of these to Kegan Paul or Murray, aud you simply waste your time; no matter how good it be, they will simply reply — 4Tlu\t sort of thing is no uso to us, it's not in our line, wo can do nothing with it. ' Each publisher has his own circle of the publio, liia own customers, who want a certain kind of articlo, and to whom he supplies that kind." To the question — Would a colonial author havo a fair show at Homo? his reply is emphatic. "Assuredly he would. The publishers arc relying less and less on their own judgment, ami now they nearly alt keep their owu taster. If I mention Andrew Lang (Longmans), James 1'ayn (Smith Elder) and George Meredith (Chapmau aud Hall), you will see the kind of high class critic that has the task of deciding what shall, or shall not, be published. They do the work very quickly, but they do it vory well, nud their credit is concerned that they shall not scud away anything good." On tho American fads of orthography tho Saturday Jlevicw writes : — The bitter cry which Mr. W. E. Norris has sent ringing through the columns of tho Times will awaken an echo in many a heart. 44 In a notice," wails he, 44of a- recent work of mine— 4 Mrs. Fcnton ' — your re viewer remarks upon tho American stylo of orthography adopted .therein, and takes excep tion—as well ho may — to such words as 4 traveled, ' 4 offense ' and 4 theater.' May I bo poriuittod to say that I am innocent of having thus foully murdered tho Queen's English? Tho story as it originally appoarcd in Longmans A/aptirtricwnsnotsodisfigured: but unfortunately Messrs. Longmans printed it in book form from plates whioh thoy obtained from my American publishers, and 1 kuow nothing of tho liberties which lmd been taken with tho text until tlio deed was done. Immediately aftor tho appear ance of tho book I wioto to Mossrs. Longmans, with tho tears running down my pen, to ro- pudiato all complicity in tho orimo whioh had beeu perpotratcu iu my name, and thoy have " " kindly promised thai any future editions which may be issuedshall be printed in the vernacular. Is it too late to hope that a great nation which, so far as we know, has never done any otkei violence to the decencies of lauguae, unless it be here and there, for the purpose of savior tune— may 44 ta!F a thought and men' " in thu matter oi their dreadful orthography ? Aiblinl they might, if they could only bo to se the hideous aspect or their printed "books At others see them, and could only reflect chat tin saving of a few lotters which some — aud onlj some — -of their nightmare innovations secure tc them, is really uot worth the candle of the dis tress and disgust which they give to theii brethren on this side of the Atlantic. Is il really worth while to write 44 traveled" ar though it rhymed with 44 field? " What is an 1' more or less to a great nation ihat they should so barbarously disfigure a well looking word for so small an economy ? Wiiat is the saying of aiy 44 u " that they should insist upon our swallowing 44 honor " and 44 favor," and, worst of all, 4 parlor 1 " And these gains, insig- luncaut as they are, are the exception rather than tho rule. 'When an American compositor bas set up tho word 44 defense," how is he better off than the English printer who has used a 44c" instead ot an s?" If he is supposed to feel a glow of virtuous satisfaction at the thought that he has helped to perpetuate the memory oi the word's derivation trout the Latin, then with what sort of, emotions must he be supposed to contemplate the word 44 theater," whero he has wantonly varied the spelling of the derivative? And what in the privacy of his owu home does the American compositor really think of the word 4 knowledge?" Does he regard it as formed from the verb to 44 kuow "and the ter mination 4lodge,"orfrom the verb to 44 knowl " and the termination A, edge? " That he favors the latter derivation we have no reasou.to knowl or even suppose ; but if ho favors the former, why does he divide the word "knowl-edge" in this maddening manner? But the subject grows too exciting, and we must chance it. It once entered into the heail of a heartless 1 collector that he would have a 44 Grangevised " Shakspearc — that is, lie would collect every known illustration of overy scene and play. Now few works have been more sulendidlv illustrated than the works by 44 the Bard." From the massive sumptuous quartos of Boy- dell, which, it is said, cost £100,000 to bring out, dowu to the miniature seta of Bickering aud Tilt, all excite admiration for the grace and taste displayed. The surprising number of these editions is no les3 extraordinary. Our collector sets to work systematically. Every edition was stripped ruthlessly and left for dead. "\Vhcn all the scenes procurable had been ob tained there was a rich field opened up in tho "heads'' of the Bard himself, ofteu used 03 a frontispiece, aiul which entailed a further des truction. Then came the topography — tho countries, towus, cathedrals, battle scenes, Ac. Theu the portraits of the kings, nobles, &c.; In short, thousands' of fino books must have been butchered to make the collector's holiday, sug gesting tho epicure who had a sheep killed regularly for the sake of the sweet bread. In his self-complacency tho. slaughterer bad a list . of his 44 Illustrations to Shakspearo " printed)' which filled a thick volume. Tho name of this person ; was, we believe, Hanrott, It is said ..that this spoliated Shakspearo contained ovor 2300 prints, bound iu 20 volumes, and was sold for £55o. Anotherwarvel in this line was tho Bowyer Biblo, itself an illustrated prodigy, which was oxpauded to 45 huge folios, ; and was bursting with over 6000 prints. It was valued at 3000 guineas, aud was put up to radio at a guinea a chance among 4000 subscribers. Tho purchaser, however,, could obtain littio over £400 for ht3 prize. Another of these delu- sionists was a Mr. Sutherland, who selcoted 44 Clarendon's History " 03 his subject, laying out some £10,000. The work was carried on by his widow, who gavo £80 for a single plate. Aoltaire's works in 90 volumes might seem bulky enough to start with ; but some coura geous soul set. to work on it, adding 12,000 .engravings, of Avhtch 10,000 were portraits. The most terriblo of.all these depredators was a Mr. John Bagford, a shoemaker bibliographer, who cut up books with less compunction than he did his hides. . This Philistine, who had some knowledge aud collected for patrons, had iu an evil movement conceived the idea . of a "History of Printing," to be illustrated by specimens of title pages, frontispieces, &c.;, from every kind of volume. Tho euthusiast travelled about a good deal, even on the Continent, and was employed by his patrons to pick up rari ties. Bub he was busy all the timo with his gnoiu-itke business, wnicu was to tear out trom some noble old copy the frontispiece or title pago as a specimen of priuting. Tlio result of his labors was tho 40 volumes of titlos that ore now in tho British Museum, somo of them torn from 44 fiftoimors"or "inounables," books of tho fathers of priuting. 