AU&SHD; OF "EATOTBE" GUXLY. (By WILLIAM SYLVESTER WALKKR.) ~ AUNTED Gully v a s ^.haunted uo longer. The; two original prospectors who had named thn place bad been absorbed, and almost forgotten iu the concourxn of diggers, whose new log huts, claims, and constantly agitated windlasses bespoke the eviction of the ^intts /«,/, w hich was popularly supposed to brood over the buried gold of this dep[i and densely-wooded ravine. French Billy had explained t he early existing error attached to the locality, and I confess that t he hitherto secluded spot was rifled of its charms as he did so. " You see," said lie, with much excitement, " those two fellows work like niggers, two-tree-week, when they go to the township and drink cognac, plenty —too much—then come hack in the night, fall down, roll down the gully, lose their swags—then they .say the place is hanted—ghosts tak" away their things. Sacrr! they get drunk, that's all. Considering that Billy, on his first pilotage of myself to the Gaily, had pointed out a swag reposing against a ti- ee, half way down one of the sides of the great rift, where it had apparently been brought to a sudden stop in its downward career, and reflecting al^o that we discovered thai same afternoon a new tin billy, a small bag of flour, and a. pick-handle, at various points, and that when after infinite pains we had carried these articles and our own tools to the prospector's hut, half way up the oilier side of the ravine, wc bad l>een received with smiles and unlimited offers of battle-axe, I came to ibe conclusion that Billy was right. As to the prospectors, t hey didn't care. They were on good gold, and had probably spread the report of ghostly thiuves to scare away intruders. JJul, sticking so constantly to the saiue place was against them. They were watched and the new rush began, headed by ourselves. It was not long before our party of five had run up a substantial log hut, and were living iu clover, retiring to rest in our bunks at night literally tired out, and—oh, delightful life—dreaming of unearthing the largest .nugget ever heard of. With the exception of never knowing [what Jemmy, our new chum partner, ould l>c up to next, our lines bad indeed ohauce-1 upon pleasant places, and when tbe, pudding machine was finished wc c-onside.ie.d that, we should ibe able to make plenty of tribute money, even if our own claim turned out to lie duffer. It was no sineoui-e, this looking after JeumiV- You ix>uld:i't trust bun to work for more than ten minutes at a time without dinging down his Uiovei iiiid rushing ofl" like a maniiic to wash a prospect.. He had already s«t tire to the hut, aud bad deinoliihedi a valuable 'possum rug in his eil'orts to put ii. out again. He bad boiled .-ill the born handles ofl" our knives and forks, and had got pushed nine linns, when all hands had to turn out with bottle-lanterns to tiud hiiu. Our Sundays were generally i|iiiet, sometimes varied by a loug prospecting walk with some experienced digger, who would read gold-sign in the rain runlets like a book, and beguile the way with divers stories of digging life, and the evening generally saw our party, seated in conclave, sometimes reading, sometimes singing, but always ready to rush into the all-absorbing topic—gold-tinditig, at the slightest hint from any one. It was on these occasions that our sanctum would be invaded by diggers, with specimens— nuggets, crystallised quartz, garnets, and zircons. Once I remember seeing two Eapphiies that h«d been picked out of the tailings from the cradles, but we did not then know the T*lue, or even the identity of many of the stones—all bauds would gather round, and minutely examine them, and yarns would be spuu of old days—Bendigo and Walhalla old days, until we felt refreshed and satis6ed. At other times our Sundays would lie uneventful until " Sauerkraut" dropped in to enliven them. Of course, Sauerkraut was not his real name. No oue ever owned up to a real name on the diggings—" Bill tbe Painter," "Jnck the Butcher," or "Swanhill Jem," were good enough for us. Wo always answered io them. 1 daresay some of us forgot occahionJIy both christian aud surname, or only surmised, in a sort of half-doubting wonderment that we had once owned such a title, together with a silk hat and a pair of gloves, in a distant and far-off existence, as it were. Hans ' Ifaupuiauii was the name given by his godfather and godmother to the individual iu question, but French Billy bad rechristened him, under tha influence of Martell's brandy, and the cognomen bad adhered like stickingplaster. With all his quaint, foreign ways, Sauerkraut was lieloved iu Haunted Gully. No one could look upon his friendly, honest Teutonic face, beaming upon everyone, without feeling a thrill of interest in die man himself. He had only one fault, he was a victim to deepsinking—not gold-mining though he had experienceda plethora, of that also— but be was given to sadden spasmodic outbursts of hard drititieg. "It tout matter >>oysa n he would say, when remonstrated with by his friends, who had pulled him tluough a sharp alcoholic attack. "It dont matter, I haf none left iu de vorldt to care for me, and mew leetle fraulein she is ted, and tbe grass grow great above her grave in de Liebenwalde, I see mine fault as well as you, but it tout matter." Sauerkraut had worked his claim with varying success, always butting, or iu other words, living alone. Good luck invariably ended in >i carouse, and he would emerge from a bout as oue who had come bock from the dead. He had, when debarred from our society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from the former he could evoke such sweet and solemn strains, that his solitude was solitude no longer, and many a digger, passing his rude hut on the hillside after nightfall would pause and listen, and perchance remarking to himself, with bated breath, that " Sauerkraut was on the picolo again," stroll on in meditative mood. The. other friend was a rough but sympathetic dog, named Schneider. As we turned away one night and descended the zigzag track down the gully the strains of the . resuscitated mau's flute stole gently on our ears and senses, the air, that sweet, pathetic, American melody,— "A'ay down upon de Swanr.ee riber, Happy v.-as I. seeming to incorporate itself with the rustling of the leaves and the chirp of the tree crickets and to harmonise with tbe twinkling stars and the perfumed summer evening uutil it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled and reckless license of an Australian dig;iug c:imjj. Apprehending no evil consequences we bad left a bottle of three star Heunessy for him to taper on, for Sauerkraut was not a constant toper, and once thoroughly recovered he would not touch the fatal beverage for months together. When able to shoulder pick and shovel be always worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sundays, his eye bright and his skin clear. Even Sciiueidi-r was a different dog on these occasions, and dictated and wrote out volumes of canine affection on the door with his tail. The only apprehension which seem to exist iu Schneider's mind—for there is no doubt be possessed one—was brought into play by the sight of a bottle. Then he shrank apparently into his shaggy skin, aud became more like a door-mat than a dog. A gleam of great pity crept into his eyes, and his tail lay motionless beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched a dram, after the first hospitable offer we never sought to tempt him. He was very grateful to us, aud by desire would produce his flute and while away the time delightfully. From time io time :ts 1 he months and weeks rolled on lie would dro}> in ea^u illy, leaving soinetiintsi a pirsejit of wild honey fresh in the comb, at others, a wallaby or a brace of ^il<l duck. About three months after the occasion to which i have alluded Sauerkraut disappeared, and it was conjectured I ii-U his wandering habits bad prevailed upou him to leave the camp and prospect in some iemote locality. Conjecture sjave place to certainty after a visit to his hut, where it was discovered that he had t.ike:i his ^un, pick, shovel, and swag, leaving a note ticked to the door containing the following information in his well-known German characters: — l'„,v-.— 1 iiave e to prospect the Cleveland ILitiL-f^ and d.i!:'t reekoa to be back for a fortn^'iii. The only way to these ranges lay through almost, impenetrable ci- tree scrub, .so thi.:k that a track must be cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to give one even room to crawl on all-fours through it. But as we knew the traveller would not have to strike ou to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journey from Haunted Gully, so we felt anxious no longer, and soon grew accustomed to the absence of our friend. One evening, :is we were sitting in cheeiy confabulation, however, we were startled by the sudden appearance of Schneider. Never Itefore or since has there been such a dog. He was footsore, half blind, draggled, torn, and bleeding. Fir.ding that Sauerkraut .did not turn up with hiin, as we expected, we became alarmed, the more so, as the poor animal appeared strangely excited, occasionally giving a low, moaning whine, and then a series of short, quick barks. We fed him. and he devoured the food ravenously. Then he drank eagerly, but every now and then rushed to the door, and finally conducted himself in such an outrageous fashion that we concluded that some accident had happened to his master; so getting our liot.tle lanterns we let him out, late as it was, and •followed him. From our log cabin he went to bis master's abode. Once there, with mote ih'i;: ermine sagM-ity, he howled and rushed forward on the Liack leading away from it. Then dashing back aud barking, he plainly showed us that we were to follow. Wc emerged from the gullies, pitfalls, and waterfalls of the loug dark hours on to a small plain. Before us, kissed by tlie sun, l*y the Cleveland Ranges some ten utiles oil". At the end of the plain, ti-tree serub lose like a solid wall, stretching aw.-ty side ways aud ahead, BS far as tbe eye could reach. Ti^ mist was rolling away in phantom columns, and we k-iew that the work before ns was no child's play. Schneider went straight to the ti-tree. For the next six miles we struggled through a track freshly cut in the scrub, in some places •havirg to cra»l for long distances ; but at length getting through, stift^ cramped, bruised, aud utterly exhausted, we came to the watershed of a lovely creek, fringed with flowering eucalypti, ablaze with gorgeous parrots. The dog took ns to a rude bark guuyah. Inside liy Sauerkraut dead—a shot wound in his hreast. In the stiffened fingers of his le hand was his pocket-book open whe these lines were pencilled:—" I have accident tuit my gun. I fall—she shoot me. In the creek look. Tt is ruby till —there is thousands." Here the writing broke off. Death had claimed his victim. And within twenty yards ®f the corpse, the gleaming laughing waters wantoned over the very richest stream tin yet discovered under this \- thern Cross. • •'hat Sauerkraut had found, and perished in rinding, proved to be a mine of wealth to hundreds of diggers and speculators, and on the spot, where lie died, a granite column, surronnded by an iron railing. Iiears the incription :— HANS HAUPTMANN, PiiESllKU PlOKF.F.11 ANI) FoUNI»EK- OP CLEVRLAXD TOWUSHIP. It is needless to say 'that we took care of Schneider, but a settled uielan choly pervaded his iieing, and he became^ a changed dog, and «ne morning, on going out of the hut, I found him pulseless, cold, and stiff in the tarly sunrays. He had been faithful unto death. 