CRICKET. To-day (Thursday), 10th Junk Serena, A<,strati,,» FJrrc r. the riayevs of Jliifflaitri.—M I/ords' Cricket Ground. MONDAY, Sinn JUNI!. Seventh Australian lSlcrrn r. Yorkshire. — At Bradford. .„ , Under Racing Sporting Fixtures it will be esteemed Pillar of the Turf in Australia, Mr William Vilgate, senior. It is many, many years ago now since I—a mere youth (if not exactly a etripling) at the time—gleefully accepted the invi- -j accompany inspection to interview the famous breeding and racing establishment, at that time owned by Mr. Hurtle Fisher. There I first saw Mr. William Tilgate, a gentleman even in those days wcli advanced in life. 'J'o the colonial-born minds of "Orange Blossom " and " Olympus" the bluff, hearty greeting accorded us stamped our host as a typical John Bull, and so has he ever presented himself to us from t.bat day to this, Needless to say, the John Hull bluffness doesn't pay bo well on the turf as John Boll smartness ; and, now that the boffetiogs of close upon eighty winters have well-nigh knocked the vigour and vitality out of him, Mr. William Kilgate'a friends have determined to rally round him, and tliow by their actions that if he has not succeeded during a Jong and honourable career in amassing a competency for his declining days ho has at all events gathered unto himself that which should accompany old age—"as honour, love, obedience; troops of friends." Tny following weights w< re <3e lared on Monday for the V.R.C, Grand National Meeting. Piugaia »nd Nooroo were ninicdiately spotted as " good goodB;" but to my mind Rcdleap and Rcmnark would be infinitely better :— PrnST RAY. -SiTVJiiBAT, JULY 12. GjUNl) NATJOSAJ- H UIIDIjK IUCE, Of -20 eoMP. each, with law added; second, :S00; and the third, ISObovs. out of the stake. About three miias. , pi.lb. 8t.Hl. Corvtbiis . ].! 0 Freedom 2 Drilldool . ]2 3 Youn^ Sussex 10 0 Lochia! . 12 2 ftusaeo g Chandler . 11 J2 Souu-v .lolinuy lledleap .. 11 10 Tbo First 9 if, Tradition Mooudah rt Wyvis J'flrDe)] St. Louis Nooroo Yatapa I'riBciila Pingsra Hluaaud White ... y r, Tbo Rhymer... I'OICrtCi' •• 'J Crusoe Porciua Elierslio Donald '" 5 '.J Ulysses Rifle ... 9 2 Mangonhaag... Wonderful ... ••• » 2 Green Isle King Hilly Harbinger "' |j General Gordon Joan Cuttlelish •1 u Manuka Young Horatio ... 9 0 SECOND DAY.—Satuhdat, Jiu.r 10. Ghakd Nationai. Btkeplkciiask, st. lb. Bt. lb. Oorytbus ... J2 12 Sir .Tosliuo ... .. in 5 Fiasblifibt ... ... 12 Freedom 11. ... .. 10 :i Itoflleap ... )2 4 'Waitangi .. KJ JSaglet ... 12 fiatou .. 10 0 Maneoiihano ... 11 10 ABOlaudo .. 9 2 Btudloy ... )] fl D iiiffo .. fi 10 Baxou ... 11 9 Coufideuce ... .. 9 9 Titokowaru ... Peter Osbeck ... 11 9 ... 11 1 lioRseter I r enrlepfi 11. ... .. 9 U .. 9 9 Rusaco ... 11 Ptide cf the Hills ... 9 9 Ellarslis ... 11 Waiter ... 11 Nooroo ... )1 0 Horry Aubl ... ... 9 « Ifolton ... 1J 0 Silford ... 9 Mahdi ... 11 0 MceseuRer ... 9 Ttentnark ... 10 9 h'ui^lit ... a Native ... 10 9 Harves'.oi ... 9 Hhmiks ... 11) 0 Dilnlop ... 9 Ltwlcr ... to r, Tho Artist ... 9 Grafton ... 10 C Tub best three in each race in my bumble opinion are—(Srand National Hurdle Race—Riiiir.KAP, Tint Huymku and Hahuiniikii ; Grand National Steeplechase — JIrkmark, Sir Joshua aud Confidence. As I sit down in my sanction xa.netornm, pen iu hand, deliberating over the result of lust Saturday's football matches, I'm simply Jiggered. I had quite made up my mind that on facts and figures Fic.-oy m>ml beat South ; and as for Oleelone having the ghost of a show against Carlton—oh, that was too utterly lidiculous to even contemplate for a solitary second. Of course Williamstown would simply walk over Richmond ; and, with five of tlieir best men laid up for repairs, " the 6ame old lissendon " were bound to be vanquished by Dick Houston and Co. If ever there were four " dead birds" at Football (thinks I to myself) there they are —Carlton, Fitaroy, Williamstown imd North Melbourne. 1 was a bit uudccided about the St. Kilda—l'ort Melbourne and Melbourne - Footscray matches, because the Saints and the lleds go awfully to pieces at times; but I hadn't the scmblance of a shadow of a doubt as to how the other four matches would p*n out—up to a quarter to three o'clock on Saturday. At that time, however, I must confess I expeiienced a bit of a Staggerer. I had been down on the Melbourne Cricket Ground watching the baseball match between the nines from the Richmond and Melbourne Cricket Clubs—from a quarter paBt one to about twenty minutes to three —aud then I picked up my traps and hied me away over to South Melbourne. Oil the road I dropped across young Jimmy Wilson, who inquired where 1 was bound ? "Oh, I'm going to see Fitzroy aud South," I answered, " Why not come down aud see (Jarltou and Geelong'i" he remarked; "it is hound to be a rattling good match. 1 haven't been at a football match since I don't know when," he continued; "but I intend to have a look at this one." And so we wended our different ways. Hut those few remarks of my f ^ ' I m W i l T If Jim'iny Wilson (I argued to myself) fancies that it is going to be a rattling good game between eeon g g tud Carlton-good enough, in fact, for him to go and look at as against Fitzroy and South Melbourne—there must be something in it; it Melbourne—there must ... - „ cau't be quite the foregone conclusion \ours Truly . .. ,,„.,_ Arwl_ 1(1 „n(i behuld ! so the seoucl ^''th^Gcelo))g boys hud only 3 behinda don't count. but thou— , .. „ „. , KRTAINlA' felt on exceptionally good terms e™lT U bee;"ram^iug';rtrer\hr"lireadalba;; W of whiskey o.' something akin thereto, saluted me with a ' I say Old Fatty (1 am a bit ongbongpwoTg don'teherknow), l'dUy you two pounds to one Fitrrov wins I" Rut I laughed to scorn the see it s'a bad thing to hesitate. M'Murray took iollv Mod carc lie didn't hesitate when Purdy jolly gooa care in. uiuii l ' • .-y Maroons Wt^thcy had met their Kismet. Lord of ?L Pit^oy himself, whilst ri|l,t tlirougl, the match Dunne was undeniable. Banks, Melling and : 1 —' Rappiport " performed prodigies, bat to no purpose. The Southerners seemed to completely smother their opponents on the heavy ground. I have since seen some tabu'ated statements published in the Herald aud Standard, purporting to give the weights of each member of the respective teams, but they differ fiotn each other materially, aud in the main, I feel certain, arc altogether misleading. For instance, the Standard makes the aggregate weight of the South Melbourne team 2.'10st. 91b., against Fitzroys 2:i0st. ,1b., and this despite tlie fact that tlhey 1 P' vc M'Mnrrays wei.hl *wn xtonr. tior.lrc pouiuU! But the llrrnld makes the t'itzroy boys tip the beam at 2:Sllit. .»b„ whireas they bring the Southerners down to 22,at. 'J!b. I do not doubt for one moment that the Red and White uniform makes the wearer appear bigger than ho really is; but all the same for that, take each team stripped to "the buff I am positive the South Melbourne team are much the heavier calibre of the ttt-o. perhaps, therefore a fine day-tlmt » a hard, ory ground—woulrt have suited the Maroons much better; albeit they appeared on Saturday to y.eU up the ghost as soon as ever they were col ared. .I-or all that their forwards mainta.ned the,,- undoubted supremacy in the goalkicking me,; te too goals being obtained to 1 solitary behind . ) ns maKes tne i it/.roy taiiy to 2 n ,I' oml .' rsi,, ?1 ; Mat '; hcB 4 ; b , E ° alB behinds. 1 here s no lluke^ about sneh a consistent performance as that South Melhouroe had 8 behinds for their 3 goals (lahot kicked the. third); R Barrett bemg altogether "oil colour.' It is an unalloyed pleasure to have to chronicle thc success of saoh a very deserving team ns the Kaseudon, who invariably play the game like gentlemen and iu its integrity. Their highly nieritorious win on Saturday places them trick-aud-toi with Carlton for third placs on the 1'iemiership List, and it is to be hoped that for the remainder of the season their efforts may be strengthened by that little player named Luck, who has euch a very, very big say in the outcome of even the most importaut and exciting contests. Ek'ht goals 11 behinds to North Melbourne's 2 goals 0 behinds is a performance that speaks for itself, and should they but succeed in lowering the colours of Fitzroy next Saturday they will go up second top. Tuk Reds didn't miss many shows against Footscray, and thc tl final result—Melbourne, , • 0 goals 4 behinds ; 1-ootscray, .5 goals 0 behmds-.s a feather in the cap of t oidd club, whose staunches sorter and most ardent admirer 80 wort ily fil the _ pos.t.on of 1'rcs, dent <f the Victorian 1'oolball Association. On the left-hand side of Little Collins-street, in particular aud as tho vast majority of tho latter are, as Mr. Mantilini would say, "demnition" goodlnrikina fellows it is auite unnecessary for me to lookmfi Wto»jj, ^ ^ ^ ;Jinvites w,itil the fair Hebcs who al.tend to their ^piriluul (or lemonade-and-hop-bifterical, as the ease may be) comforts. 1 became aware of that fact upon tion that as o u t p u t thorough supporters the,St Kilda Hairpins put the so-called Lords of C cation completely m the shade .So that you can well imfue what a --^"V^^^^.tTLrSat' certain ijuarter of Little C dlms-stroet last hattir- " He's not what you would « 1 .» ^ nmrm, but he's a beggar to think. Thais Alf. Smith ,„ t),„ jjfe. There were cogent reasons for self- itre were no mistakes made from the jump ; tho " »ook the ead ^ — - thecentral been approached in anv contest in winch that eminent authority has officiated, " It's a long lane that has no turning," and at laat aud at long run the Richmond players have successfully wooed the fickle goddess. Thtir opponents (Williamstown) only played w ith nine- |eeu men throughout tiie game j but that fact was not sufficient to account for the final result, when the locals had (i goals 12 behinds to their credit against the teasiders' 1 goal 3 behinde. Desimtk the fact that the meteorologies couditiona (gently over those boulders, sonny) were ullfavom-able to such a i eontv coutummation ' the record of g0uls (•»11 behinds (731 was vastly superior to that of (hc 1>rGcedjug Saturday. The attendances, t00j wore not jnnU(JI,cc(i by the dull, showery weiltiiert the Smith Mellwurue Cricket Ground l,eing taxed to its ulmr.st capacity—1 fancy there ml]Bt hiVB heeu cl(lte utlf)n ;!0 000 people present. Xhc M C.O. and the li M C.C. grounds w<re also eX(;i;edingly well patronised 0„ wntm,)a>. ,,laCeS the South Jlelv,m,nic dt,jiuitelv t » m l))fil. rp(,urtl from Qoei!I,filani!, w)lil'jicl. U.oj-'pn.ceedeiJ on Saturday hy ^ c A r n r m l l n T|)tCarltouUainw<r f w „ R).Huey ; and as both teams had ^ o( ,hc ng|l(/amt Lc,„npar,.viUK then,, m,,] aS, ,llor'covc fm,.g,thCr in the capital of N(fW. Soutl, VValcS, a'ong with the representatives of Southern Tasmania, at the latter eud of the , tho ())d cj 8 v ( J n. an<i thc ,jeautifu/ Harbour " (and you ^ a„cl jt (,lc wjdc wori(1 over s]K,uia „ ,uim'; ,hlling thoir visit. Tho hnBpitality of our cousins in New South Wales is not strained ; " it fallcth as the gentle rainfroni Heaven upon the place beneath." And this btiugso, Our Footballers and their friends arc bound to haw a high old time of it—a time that, if properly appreciated aud enjoyed, will do more to promote the federation of the two colonies than aught ulse could possibly do. Personally, it is extremely gratifying to mc to know that two teams like South Melbourne and Carlton should meet in friendly rivalry in lny native city to show my countrymen the Australian game of Football played iu its integrity, and X tun convinced that when they have once seen it so played they will thoroughly appreciate tile treat. POSITIONS OF THE SENIOR CLUHS TO DATE. finnili Mi'lljoiiriU'.. Carlton ...; 7 : 4 Vt.vV Mi'llumrne ... 7 : -I .\nrrli .Mt'll-oiinic...' r, St. Kilda „.• 0 : 3 (iMimp .... 0 i 2 SlfiUiourne G i 2 lliehinoitii ...I i'i ' 1 WllliailiBUiwll ...j 0 . ... l'uut*criiy ...j 7 : ... c C'urricii out to ILr tUinl ilcclmnl decree. .T71J :>200 I 3SS7 I'M 3 Ml Ofifif, Tuk Intercolonial ICight-Oared Boat Race on Saturday resultid in a pronounced victory for the Sydney lads by five lengths, thc course being from Queen's Uriilge to n point half-a inilc through the canal, a distance over ull of two and a-ha f miles. Darting off at thirty-nine to the minute the Cornstalks swung past the (measured) two-mile post in the phenomenal time of )0min. tlOsec. in splendid style, and, never allowing their opponents to have a look in, covered the remaining half-mile in Sniin. ISJsec. Dr. l'\ llird despatched the contestants to a very eveu start, and Messrs. t). Oxlade. as judge. anil K, Carlilc, as umpire, bad positions that fitted (.htm like a glore. Appended are the 'k'rect'' names, weights and colours of the rowers :— SrnNEY Unuhiisity (ijight ])lue Caps aud White JarseyB, with lllue and Gold Facings).—\V. A. OoaloD (stroke), net. 21b ; T. li. dell. Lopez (7), list ; E. H. Scott (0). list, 01b,; .1. C. Wood (5), 12st I",lb.; Sawyer (4), 12st. Gib.: J'\ Wnyd (.')), lost. Till.: W, T. Cowle (3) 9st. 911); A. J. N. fitepliou (bow), 9st.; E M. Stephen (cox.), B't. 71b. Mr.i.uounNP. Ukivf.hsity (Dark llluo .lersoys aud Caps).—J. <}. M Bay (stroke), lOsl. 101b.; H, C. Fruvor (7), 12st. Gib.; E. Champion (fl). list. 1211).; \V. li. Keale(5), 12st 51b.; P. W. V.'my il), 126t. '.!lb.; \V. )•". Hopkins (.1), iOst. lulb.;W. Tliouipeoo (31, JOst. Bib.; C. B. ltetallack (bow), lust. 511).; It. .). (iriblile (cox.), Hst Tun Richmond Cricket Club put the M.O.C. Haddrick (R C C.), as catcher, negotiated several magnificent catches, which fairly brought the house dowu. Aud a rattling good house there was, too ; proving heyond thc shadow of a doubt that the game of ball is ceasing to be canarr to the general. On the East Melbourne ground Fereussou aud ? MJt. A hi' <UJtSOX, 0/ the North Melbourne. Football Clul'. A «:KaNi> sacroil concert is in prcpara* tion, to be ^ivou in the Kew Presbyterian Church, in aid of the organ fuud. The church choir will be specially augmented to sixty voices, and Mendelssohn's "Conic, Let Us Sing," will be given. Mr. H. J. Alsop will preside at the organ, Mrs. A. Ferguson at the pianoforte and Mr. Philip P. Plummer (organist and choirmaster of the church) will conduct. • A VERY pleasant- evening was spent on Tuesday last ut the Vienna Gift'-, Collins-street, when a low of the leading photographers of the city and suburbs took the opportunity of presenting Mr. ,T. .1. Rouse (of the firm of Messrs. Halcer and House, of Collins-street, photographic stock importers) with a very handsome oak inkstand, mounted with silver and suitably inscribed, as o small tokob of the kindly feeling and goodwill which they bear toinrnls him, this bring the eve of Irs marriage with Miw> Klsdon, of East Melbourne. The health of Mr. House was proposed by Mr. J. C. Oarrood. photographer, Hrunswick (chairman of the wsoinblagc). and was drunk in bumpers of champagne. Mr. Rouse responded and thauked those present for their very kind, handsome and unexpected present. The rest of the evening was devoted to songs and selections, and one of mobt enjoyable and social evenings was brought to a close shortly before midnight, the company wishing Mr House every hoppiuess in the NEW stop which lie W.IK about to take the following day ON Friday last a v^rv enjoyable dance was given by Mrs. (J' illiths at " Laceby," Wanearrata. The guests were received in the drawiiigroom, and then adjourned to a spacioue marquee, where dancing was kept up till an early hour of the morning. At twelve o'clock a movement was made to the supper rocm, where full justice was done to a most sumptuous repast. Mr. M'Cardel (Melbourne) proposed the healths of the host and hostess in an able speech, which v^as responded to by Mr. (iriffiths in his usual genial manner. After other toasts a return was made to the ballroom, where dancing was resumed withrouewed vigour. Amongst the many pretty dresses were the following : — Sirs. Giiftjtbs — black figured siIJ»f trimmed Ttitb liftuilBome jot and Honiton lace. Mrs. Waters (Henallft)— black silk costume, pinU tlower cap. Sirs. Trotman—baudBome black Bilk, cream feather bead-drrBs. MissTrotman —palo blue 6ilk, wi-h white jet trimmings (verypretty), lire. M'CardeliPrabrau)—black silk, trimmed witb lace and j«t, long lace angel Fleeces, scarlet feather fan. Mrs. ltuudle—black Bilk cown. MiseHundle—pink figured siJk irerp dich). Mrs. Gray looked well in white Bitk. Mrs. Rlaucbard(Williauistowu) —black silk and laco, white flowers in hair. Mrs. Davies fAEcot Vale)—pretty cream tnllo and moire, cream and cardinal flowers. Mies Thomson-cream casbmore, heliotrope trimrninRB. Mrs. Grant Stevenson—white and preen brocaded silk skirt, white bodice aud train (very handnome). Miss Touo—black silk and lace. Miss D. Tone—pretty pown of piuk pills trimmed with Tosca net and lace. Miss Fleming (Melbourne) looked charming in anfi white silk, wiLh white chrysanthemums. MIBS Tone—black silk and lace. Mies Waring (KitKroy)—pretty white Bilk, covered with headed tulle Miss Gibson—piuk silk aud tulle. Mrs. T. Cbadwick (Hcualla)—cream silk gown, with lace trimmings. Mrs. 0 Hrieu —black costume. Miss Onyons (Aruiadab 1 ) — bntterlly liberty silk, yellow chrysanthemums <looked very well). Mrp. Living— piuk Bilk, with dark green trimmings. 