|t(ocal Jetting. [?] Katoomba Timks Clmlleiigc Cup. Find shooting lftRt Saturdiiy. Mr. W. lllniiiiiii-Youiig fiit winner, 8G. Captain I'rolt and D- Axinesley, 85, Tied for second place. Mouut Victoria, Wentworth Fall, aud Kntoomba rcserx-cs competed. Lithgow volunteer did not show up. The Dathuret Free 1'rcwi reconl a case thnl ha a been owuevl by a quark touic. k\\\ of the men who were engaged for tho Rouikc ovu Hie Ulna Mountains hy tin- luail train en Monday night to rejxair the per uisTicnt milway of tliat tou. Fift v-uiue applications for Council Clerk nt Lithgow. Mrs. Frnnklyii. who was killcvl iu the llathurRt railway aomlonl on Friday se'nnlght, wus the mother of Tuiu. Frunklyn, blacksmith, of Mount Victoria. Captain Fletcher, of the Kntooinbi Ilille Rcp- ervCR. left Sviliu'v iu Hie pteaui?hip Austrnlien for EnglHnd Inst Jvilunlny. Lithographs of the Crown suburban latuk to be told iu KntoamUi cau bu obtaineJ at this office. Old tea leaves used iu tobacco that 16 sold ns imported. 4' laical grocers potnetimo patronise local indtntry bvu«ing billheads printed 011 the back of carumeal uud sturch dodgers of Syilney. Cnvpcntcrs arc getting the saddler to uiukc a modal to be presented by their foreman to hia man Friday. N. Delaney' £23 ShcfileiJ llaudicap at Mount Victoria on 31kI May. ;,i il.l.l I'.'Mlivw' Hall Kutoamba next Tuesday and WodneMlay night. I'lnln and fancy dreis ball in the Odd Fellows- Hall ou 2Glh inttaul. Mrs. McAviney, an oM resident, did at Mount Victoria on Thuiday. Two aldermen represented Kntoomba at llie electric light fun iu Penrith. RiUe reserve practise lit Wentworth Falls to-day to select best Mountain team for RAthurr-t. Installation officers of Piide of tl-.e Hills Lodge of Good Templar last Thursday night. Mr. D. McKillop give day's service of ft man nt tree-planting ftt Katoombn Public School. Rev. C. W. Power, of St. Hilda's, Kntoomba, has cxchniigod for Sundays Mny 4 aud 11, with Kev. \\\ Uougli, of St. John's, Ashfield. Mr. Hurley, M.P., evidently shocked with Mr. UutchiBon, M.P. A happy family reunion. When in Sydney, the members of Mr. G. Palmer' family, grandfather to his grandchildren, 15 in number, were photographed ere the acrganii' father and family wilol away on h eix month's trip to old England. Pork pies and delicious sausage at Mr. Win- Barter's chop in BlackhuAih. A victory for protection. The Australian Star won the Press boat race iu Sydney. Mr. Abucr Hftdfield's commission as f-econd lieutenant iu the Lilhgow Corjis, 3rd Regiment of Volunteer Infantry, has been cancelled. The Rev. Charles Win. Willis, Presbyterian, lift been gar.cttc-.l to celebrate marriages. Rumored that a caudle factory ia to be etarted at Hartley Vale. Hartley Vale elude colliery working night and day. Sergeant Palmer ha been to Sydney to see hi father, mother, and two Bister off by the Cuzco, Vrhich left for Euglaud on Monday. \- A Bcricfi of pencil eketohes by "ye Blue Moun tain artist," Mr. Harry White, exhibited in Mr. Truth'' window, attracted much attention last Tuesday. Captain ' Fletcher .left by the French s.s. Aus- traliea for Europe ou Saturday last. Trior to failing, be telegraphed for & report of the shooting for the KfUoomba Time Challenge Cup, wliich Vtxb "ivod to kim on fiatunlay evening by Mr. W. Rhxtnire Young, the first winner. One of the reserves complaiuB tlrnt there arc no pockets in the uuifornx for pipes, tobacco, Ac. had lo put them in the ammunition bag- Country editor eavesdrop for 40 "bob a week and cut the painter with a queer dusb. Next Sunday morning ami cvouing a theological student will preach in ICntoomba Wealcyan Church- Ssprcuie Court writs issued to«Uht ex-aldermen Goyucr aud Mullany. A buhiuiys man going for ouc of the churches will get " Jolinuy come up the orchard" ou the organ. Gossip : " We pays two pun a week for a house, and the piunny ih a coming up I" Mr. John West has opened splendid linoa of boots andVluxM for men And women, hoys and girln, and children in the new nhop next to Mr. Haird'a Mon trose House, Katonmha, Do try John West ; lie lias grand goods. Watch Hie window. Widows are in request on the Mountains. A short time kick one buxom widow refused widower again 011 matrimouy bent. Truth writes to I3athuant piper about a nuisance. Great gunB of the l.O.O.T. wrote their speeches for Penrith print by request. 41 1 " did it. Tluit skewbald nag Fold by the Penrith clmttcrcr at Penrith stuck the rider up at Thomson's on the Sunday tollowing. He was a Penrith picture — bonea, nothing but bones, anyhow you looked at hiru. The jackaroo that hung oil told a passer-by that the horse was shying at him. ,l I don't think he'd shy At a feed of oate," was the rejoinder. The Tratiicrrork uuw uioves about nesr Judge Lynch'a. That wos the horse Jem the manager thought was 0 ghost when he dropped the leg of mutton. Alfred : " He' my right hand ; don't know how 1 can spare him." Lot of hone on hand. Mr. NisbtL Roberts, of Eatoomba,'ifi appointed by the burveyor-Giaionil to ao official position at Mreo. Helms boen in rtha army. Busiuess jots, thrown in, cqst If. a Jine. p Confitituents should call early on 'Saturday momiDg for copies of the Katoomha Timra. No bidders for the Katoomha land odvcrtlsod to be pold on Saturday last by. E, Taylor and Co. Not advertised prominently enough. Ex-alderman Goyderyoam to floariah bis name as mayor at the foot of the by-law in the Gasatte, Ratepayer will have to pay the pijier again. The authorities insist that bags of bones trainod from Penrith must be labelled " Tld side up, with care." Hani on Alfred. Bough on the old man. Penrith nriutnr stating that. Mr' liflird i6 competing with Chinamen. Mr. Baird is simply improving his projteity — that in more tlian the Penrith printer can say. The open column is ever open to al! temperate writers. Hartley Vale reserve corps formed on Friday night, 2oth ultimo. Penrith printer puts Highlanders in the same class as Chummen. Flags floated by Wonga on top of the Orphan Rock and Little Bister. No person has climbed to tho top before. A week or two ago, whilst a business niAn'a carter was giyinR a friend of hi a drive up Main- street after leaving n pnh the driver got erratic. The baree kicked op, and scattered the crumbs of com fort about, and pitchod the Jehu violently on bis head without causing concussion of thu Imxln- Jhc passenger got as scared as if be bad aecn a giost,. ConstitocnU at Blackhcatli, Mount Virtoria;and JIarticy wr.Tm ly otmvjil i m ent the Katoomba Time on the vapidity, excel km pe, and cheapness of job printing. 