, PROHIBITION HAS FAILED. To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) ni Sib,— That local option is un-British and pro hibition is a failure, are two of the rash assertions crowded/into Mr. Nelson P. Whitelocke's letter off behalf of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, in an iBsuo of thoNerald, 29th ultimo. . 'It is not neceasarv for me to ouote the lon<» list of, evils whioh, seer-like, he foreoaBts against local option. Is he so purblind that ho sees not that from" the selection of a Prime Minister to that, '6f an alderman, everything is deoided by looalvoption— otherwise by local aot of choosing — - which "is fixed by one half of the people in a locality /"plus one, being allowed to ooerce the other .half minus one." This British law holdB good in1 all matters public. Now, as publioans say that thepr carry on their business for the good of the. people, then let the community, or rather hnlf;the.numbor plus one, decide whether they want or do not want public-houses. Of local option, GeneralNeal Dow says, " nothing is more firmly established in all the British dominions, and in 'English-speaking countries everywhere, .than that the policy is not only in perfect harmony -with the constitution, but is also secure and wise in kb application to public questions touching the 'publio good, in relation to which publio opinion ; has not been distinctly expressed." Chief Justice Higinbotham, of Victoria, has said, That the community has the right .to determine for itself whether it is' expedient that licenses to sell in toxicating liquor shall1 or shall not be sold."- In the' Alliance 'News '(England), December 27, 1889, «the' Archbishop, of Canterbury; in an address, stated, " That the evidenoe seemed to be irresistible that in most - country 'plaoes in the States, the system of prohibition realised its objeot, and .that in the average of the whole State, there was; a great diminution in orime, poverty, and lunacy, and therefore in publio. burdens, and a corresponding increase in material .well being." You see, Mr. Editor, poor local option lias, some friends.'. Now, if Boniface is so sure. that the publio opinion is against local option, why should he be so fearful 'in putting it — apart from any other politioal question — straight to the people to decide at the ballot-box ? We are quite ready to truBt them. Nor will the people submit to the deprivation much longer. > ' The statement of sapient Mr. Whitelocke is — " Prohibition has failed, Sir, in every State in the Union where it has been tried, and I may mention that in Maine — the. big prohibitionist State — more drunkenness exists and a larger traffic is carried on than in any other State in America." Now, if I wrote suoh I most certainly would not be telling the truth. . . Almost the same fantastio statement was made by Mr. G. H. Reid M.L.A., in 1885. By in struction from tbe Central Committee I at once wrote to that veteran — now in his 86th year — General Neal Dow, the author of the Maine Liquor Law. I sent him a copy of the report of Mr. Reid's addresB to the licensed victuallers at the Town Hall. With your permission I present your 'readers with a oondensed, "not garbled," report of the correspondence, not only from the General, but also from his Excellency ' the Governor of Maine, and the hon. the Exeoutivo Council and members of Congress in 1872. General Neal Dow Bums up the effect of the Maine law, thus " Now, what upon tbe whole have been the results of prohibition in Maine? 1\. Every distillery, and brewery has been suppressed, and we bad many of them — seven of the former and two of. the latter in this city of Portland. 2. The volume of the liquor traffic has been reduced by at least 19-20th of its former amount, whereby we save in the State, annually, at least 12,000,000 dollars direct cost — and indirectly nearly quite as much more. 3. As the result of this great saving, Maine, from the poorest State in the Union, has become one of the most prosperous. 4. Our people, in September, 1884, after more than 30 years' experience of its benefits, put it in the constitution by a vote of three to one, so that the policy 1b irrevocable without a formal popular vote." In writing to the Times (London, 5th Sep tember, 1872), I quote from a long letter : The' General, he said: — "to prove to the people of England conclusively that the policy of pro hibition has not been a failure here, and that the condition of the state has been greatly improved by it, I have obtained a certificate from the Governor and Executive Council of Maine, and from senators and representatives from this State in the Congress of the United States. . . Mr. Blaine is Speaker in the House of Representa tives, and Mr. Hamlin was Vice-president of the United StateB in Lincoln's time. I am sure the matter of poverty, pauperism, and crime, in your country, is of very great importance to the nation, and the question as to their cause and cure must be of -engrossing-interest to your people." His Excellency Sidney Perkam, Governor of Maine, and Messrs. J. R. Fulsifer, G. Weeks, E. G. Harlow, S. C. Hatch, M. U. B. Chase, and F. N. Dow, members' of the Executive Council,' wrote, August 12, 1872 : — " To give a. full and accurate account of operation of the Maine law in Maine, and of its effect upon the liquor' traffic, and upon poverty, pauperism, and crime, would require muoh more time than we could devote to the , subje'ot ; and we therefore confine ourselves to a brief statement of 'the facts. "At the time - of the enactment of the Maine law, ' the . liquor traffic was carried on in Maine extensively and openly, as it ia now in States where the trade is licensed. The effect of the law in diminishing the trade in intoxioating drinks was immediate and very great. " In many parts of Maine the liquor trade has absolutely ceased to oxiBt, liquor shops are un known,. and wherever within the State the trade exists at .all, it is,, carried on seorotly arid with caution; as other unlawful things are done.1 /The effect of the law has been so marked and salutary, that poverty, .pauperism, and crime have been greatly diminished by it, because Vastly less 'money has been- wasted in strong drink. ; : . i .. " In Bome places, and at some times, the execu tion of. .the law has been fitful ; and - capricious, yet, with these exceptions, the law has been well enforced, as other criminal laws generally are." Vice-President H. Hamlin, of the United States, and. .Senators. L. M. Morril, and W. P. Frye wrote:— "The immediate effect of the:, statute was to outlaw the trade. . . . .In many parts of the State it is now nearly or quite un known The favourable effects of this .change are great, and' aro'every where, apparent to the most oasual observer who has any knowledge of the State prior t6'-1851: We ! do not believe that the people , of Maine, for any consideration, would again sanation the policy of license to drinking houses and tippling shops." This was written in 1872; and in 1884, by a 3 to 1 vote, the people :of Maine fixed the law in their constitution. Mr. J. ,G.: Blaine, : Speaker in the House of Representatives, wrote: — "I did not reside in Maine prior to the enactment of the first pro hibitory Jaw, .and therefore "cannot <make a com parative. statemehcJrbm mv; own knowledge ; but so far as my knowledge extends, derived from 20 years' observation of the cause of temperance in this State, I most cordially .concur in all that is said in the foregoing letter." And a pithy foot note, thereto from General Neal Dow, runs:— ?f As true of 1886 as of 1872." . ; , . : Prohibition a failure ! Yes, so much so 'id Maine that the wondeous good/ wrought arid brought to her people is suoh that six other States have followed her wise example,, and now ! the prohibition banner floats proudly, over Ver mont, Kansas, Iowa, New. Hampshire; and North and South Dakota, shielding ;'a' -'population exceeding that of Australasia and New Zealand. The failure is on the side of the anti-prohibitionists in V these' States. It is because / prohibition .doeB prohibit1 that the drink traffickers fear it. , 1) . -i '' ' - - . ; .- v J ' , \A 'J / J O , - : ' Mr. Whitelocke has said that prohibition ie a failure,, so 1 presume lie desires the law to be ' revoked; beoAuse in a few instances it has been evaded. Very well, to be logical, lot this revoca tion take place all round. We have laws against murder, incest, adultery, thieving, and slaader. Expunge all these from our statute book, and "let every man— aye, and woman too — do that which, is right in his own eyeB." Are we prepared for the consequenoes ? Meductio ad ahsurdum. But before I close, in acorn I fling back against the writer- his uncalled for insult ;to the intellect of our sisters. Aye, there's the rub, Mr. Editor. The temperance party flad that they cannot carry tbe greatest religious, social, and moral reform of the 9th century without the prayers and the help of the fair sex, and that is why Mr. Whitelooko and his host have suoh a fear of the women being enfran chised. It shall be so ere long ; and justly so. Mr. Whitelocke complained of the tyranny of half ' the community, plus one, over the other half minus one; Now, the women, all the world over, number very much more than half the people, and except in municipal matters havo not a ghost - of a voice in the great questions of the day. When their liberty is proclaimed, I warrant it will be used with more common Sense, than by many of the sterner sex. "Get it for us and we'll show you what use we'll make of it." Then, " they who would be free, themselves mast strike the blow." " Dangerous it would be to allow them a governing voice in the affairs of the - country," says Mr. Whitelocke. Indeed 1 The first Napoleon said "that the safety of a nation depended on its women." Behold ! a greater than Napoleon has decreed this ' ia not wise, but otherwise. Ne sutor ultra crepidam. Pardon the length of this letter, but trie matters touched on are of such vital to the welfare of .the common- wealth that I ask for its insertion, believing L have proved, that prohibition has not failed— erga prohibition does prohibit. ' I am, &c;,, EDWARD J. H. KNAPP, < 'Hon. Sec. LooalOp'tenLaaeue. February 3, 1890. 