GUNBAR. (FBOM ODB OWN COBBESPONDENT.) SATUBDAY, May 3, The rain which fell last Saturday evening, together with the chilly nights that followed, seems to have given the locusts their quletns. They are not half so numerous since, nor are those that are left BO agile on the wing, I notice that they collect around the butts of trees at BunBet. Along a log fence the other evening I could have raked them into heaps benumbed wid half dead; they were afflicted with the Bussiau la grippe perhaps. May it carry them off wholesale, embreyo and all. The other pest hereabouts is the bunny. Efforts axe being made on every selection to diminish their numbers. Carbon, sulphur, and phospbonsed grain are the agents employed, and in consequence thousands have given up the ghost • yet they multiply by a kind of geometrical pro! gression. One man told me that he destroyed 150 in one large tnnner by blowing in sulphur by a kind of force pump made for the purpose. A half pound of that material, sprinkled on green leaves to create a smoke, is sufficient to suffocate every rabbit in a barrow, however many may be there. But the most effective method used for their destruction (apart from wirenetting enclosures) seems to be poisoned wheat. Here is an instance. There ia a sand ridge near Kingston-park half a mile long. Two months ago this ridge was all alive. They told me that it was actually moving like waves of a lake when a stiff breeze is blowing. Well, the phosphoriscd cart went round and over that hill in zig zag form some six or eight times. The result has been that the carcases of dead rabbits are seen lying about here and there, while what was before a densely populated rabbit city has now become a rabbit cemetery. It must be so, for the moving masses seen before the grain was laid has all but disappeared. The Rev. Mr. Varso, of Hillston, preached an effective sermon in the Presbyterian Church last Sunday from 1 Cor. 16, last verse. The audience was small but appreciative. I learn that a movement is to be set on foot for the erection of a Roman Catholic cbapel at Guubar. Considering the energy and popularity of Father King, of Hillston, who officiates here occasionally, the movement is sure to be crowned with success. Mr.. J. O'Brien, owner of Whealbab, passed throngh here with his good lady en route to Melbourne to consult an oculist. His eyesight has been failing for some time past. That gentleman's many friends will rejoice to see him return sailing, haviDg had his sight restored, People hereabouts are busy getting in the cropB. No use putting them in earlier to feed grasshoppers. Those that were up and green have been cot away. £130 sterling has just been granted by the Government for fencing in the Gunbar general cemetery. At a Selectors' Association here the following resolution was moved and carried with acclamation. Burrumbuttock, Jindera, &c.;, take notice : —" That the action of the Government in having inferior, noxious, scrub lands at Gunbar measured into special areas is a waste of public money and a bar to the settlement of the people on the resumed areas, which the Parliament who passed the present land law intended to devote to such settlement. That the present Government is not, therefore, administering the law in this respect as meant by Parliament, and it is deserving of public censure." If Dibbs or Lyne moved that resolution in the 'Ouse, what a jolly row it would create. . Have seen a number of the subscribers to the Banner here, who tell me they don't see the paper till it is nearly a week old, because it is addressed via Hay instead of via Carrathool. Addressed via Carrathool it would be here the night After issue. I promised your readers here to call attention to this, and got their thanks, 