Parliamentary Extract. THURSDAY. Mr. Annoar who, in tho heat of the moment during the heart's-blood drinking epian.io the previous evening, had said the constituency that returned the Hoolan was a disgrace to the country, ma-!e a ' con structive ' apology. Ho now thought the constituency of Burke could not have known itn junior member when it elected him. Air. AUnil asked a question, rn indented Piedmonteso, for his colleague, Mr. Groom. As tho latti-r gentleman is noirly always in Parliament, members were somewhat surprised to find him not present to look after his own questions. The Promier replied that certain planters on I ho Herbert River had made applications fur tho passage*, under the Immigration Acts, of 250 indented laborers from Northern Italy. Before tho immigrants were introduced care would bu taken to so that the; understood their agreements. The Married Women's Proparty Hill was read a third time and sent up above. Mr. Agnonr resumed the debate on tho second reading of the Justices Prevention Bill. The bill, as everybody knows by this t:me, moans that justices, that is, judges, shall bo prevented from hearing ouses in which their sons or other near relatives aro engaged. The Chief Justice's sou is engaged more, very much more, than anybody eleo. Hcnco theso tears. Tho hon. member for Nundah believed in the bill, and bnlieved in the lion, member for JJunJah («'») introducing it — this odd lapnus lingum caused a hearty laugh— but ho did not beliovo in the portion of the debate contributed by the hon. that if tho bill were passed it would have the effect of bringing the Chief Justice into that House — where we may observe his Honor has been going for the last ten or fifteen years — ' to put things to rights.' Moanwh'ilo the bill is intended to put his own belongings to rights. After.Mr. Adams had contributed a short speech wholly besido the mark, Mr. Dalrymple took up the case for the Lilloys as well as for the counsel' alleged by the hon. member for Warwick to have given the memorable advice : 'Your casou good in law, but seeing that your opponent' has one Smith as solicitor, another Smith as counsel, and the caso is to be tried by the third Smith, the best thing you can do is Bottle it,' or words to that effect. Tho case, wo havo since learnt, was that of Kingsford v M6rgnn and others; the counsel giving the alleged advice, Messrs. Virgil Power and T. J. Byrnes (at present Solicitor-General), while the Smiths, of course, were Attorney Lilley, Barrister Lilley, and Judge Lilley. Mr. Dairy mplo read a letter from Messrs. Power and Ryvnes denying the Smiths, Trinity, and Holy Ghost flately, and asserting that the advice to settle was based upon tho merits of the case. Tho hon. mombesr for Mackuy very cleverly brought out intrinsic evidence i calculated to. throw more than doubt upon tho I statements p£ tho Warwick man. For instance, tho Intter'u solicitors in the case, Messrs. Hurt , and Flower, quoted in their bill of costs tho opinion given, and itcontained no allusion whatever to the Smiths, or tha others, but certainly seemed to base tho matter upon it* merits. Besides, that opinion was delivered in presence of a clergyman, and would any lawyer, no matter how bold aud bad, compare people in such presence to the Trinity and Holy 'ihoit! Certainly the clergyman emphatically alleges that that was the castt, but clergymen when they descend to litigation seem to become almost as mortal as _ptber men. ?l.u.1 ? ut«l«IMUI- U1U IIUU U«|1V-U III IUU U|l|, If people beliered that by engaging a son of the Chief Justice to plead a case before him would bo edvantageous to them, that was their business. Mr. Drake thought it was tho House's business too. Judges never sat in cases in which they were pecuniarily interested. If they did, the Honse would soon make it their business to interfere. The hon. member for Enoggera delivered a well thought-out speech, quoting tho case of Mr. (afterwards Baron) Martin, a son-in-law of Sir Federick Pollock, who practised before the latter, and thereby caused in England much tho s*uie roinarks as are now flying about in Queensland anont tho Smiths. Mr. Drako could only discover one other State in which what may bs called ' family justice ' was dis pensed, and that was New South Wales— a country whose examples should rather be avoided than adopted. The bon. member then went off to tho irrelevant matter of Mr;W. H. Osborne, secrotary to the Queensland Law Association, informing Mr. W. H. Pigott, M.L.C., of New South Wales, that only a few disreputable bairisters had in Queensland taken advantage of the Legal Practitioners Act. As Mr, Drake himself had taken this advantage, he was naturally indignant. Mr. Palmer delivered his soul of u fow sen tences about the 'great calamity that would fall upon the people if it wero published abroad that the souiccs of justice were foul and tainted,' nnd therefore the bill did not com mend itself to him, Mr. Sayors informod the House that the ouly case he ever had before the Chief Justice was argued by that functionary's son — nnd lost. ? Therefore the man from Ch irters Towers did not believe in the bill either. Mr. O'Connell was of opinion that human nature was human nature, even when ' it got on to the bench, and therefore should be looked after in that elevatod position as well as in humbler walks of life. Mr. Bucklund thought otherwise Mr. Perkins said people could not shut thoit cars to, what everybody was saying — not so much laymen as members of tho profession themselves. ' Thoy say (continued the Hon. ' P.P.)— there is no use mincing matters— they say the first thing you have to do is engage Mr. Lilley. .'. They say because his father is on tho bench another man with more ability has no chance against him. . . It is the profession that say it, not tho public, not laymen.' Mr. Biwlow spoko boldly and well in favor of the bill and of those wbo supported it. He thought that ajudge with a son pleading boforo him could scarcely keep his moral balance. Consciously or unconsciously, ho would lean towards his flesh and 'blood, or, to guard against such a weakness, lean very much- the other; way; .Any way, truo justice would be defeated, , M . Mr. Ifurpliy argued that the whole thing was a spiteful indictment of the Chief Justice who was impliedly accused of favoritism. 'Lot the Chief Justice have the right that is giv^n to any common criminal— the right to bo heard in lita own doFooce.' Perhaps his Honor docs not want the right given to a common crimioai: Certaiuly, if he considered himself attacked,' ho is not the man to fail in finding ways i to defetuT himself. Mr. Powers, who possesses that most Hggra. voting of all knacks, that of making awkward quotations, now came forward with an opinion, delivered by the Chief Justice in 1888, that would very closely apply to;hiinself in the prosont case. ' The quotation, I think,' pursued the Burrumite, 'shows tbat the Chief Justice himsolf approves of the principle ' of ' this bill; . . . If 'the lion, momber : for 1'oombul (Mr. Gannon,' who introduced tho bill) has done no other good than this, he has got nearly every, member of the House who has spoken ou the subject, to affirm the pririciplo which onght'to bo embodied in a bill of this kind. The fact remains, that parties against whom vonlicts have beon given have attributed it to the fact of the judge's son being on the opposite' bide, and it is tio use telling them that it is not 80.' Mr. Rutledge thought that, as it was agrood thoro had been no purvcrsion of justice sa far, there was no use wasting time over the bill. Lot them legislato when tho necessity arose. He then quoted a pleasant little anecdqto aneut Mr. H, Jenner Fust; who waa a chan cery judgo in England many years ago. He hnd a son practising boforo him, and people used to say in regard to tho eon when he appeared before bis fathor, ' Fust come fust served ! ' Mr. Morgan, the author of the threo Smiths, tho Trinity, &c;, &c;, remarked that tho term 'vested interests,' Inrgoly used in this '?'linection, wa3 u very unfortunate opp. ?' Vosted interests in what, Mr. Speaker ?' The hon. member reiterated his version of tho now notorious 'opinion,' staling that' Uio gentleman who gavo it was Mr. Virgil Power. Mr. Morijun had not tinia to mako a thorough digest of the return called for by him in cmi. noction with the subject-matter of the bill, but he gave some significant figures, which, at the qneition is dcult with in' another column, there is no occasion to quoto hero. The hon. member spoko till tea-time, when private membors'ltime expired. ' ? The second reading of the Customs Dnties Bill, which provides for an extra 2s per gallon in imported spirits, was carried, and passed through Committee. . _'.Che Queensland Spirits Daties Bill, pro vides for an extra 2s per gallon excise on colonial spirits, and upon its seconc' reiding being moved by the Treasurer, his predecessor in office ' could not help referring to the fact that there was one very important omission in the bill, and that was an excise duty on beer.'.' Mr. Donaldson did not fail to stab the Premier through this mu.-fc vulner able joint in hia irmor. Sir Sam's defence presented all the ingonnity of a lawyor. When the time caino to reimposo the duty it would be necessary to deal with the whole subject, and that the Government had no time to do at prosont. The explanation created a good deal of derisive comment on both sides of the House, but as the question before the House was not beer but_spirirs, and Mr. Speaker know the difference between the two, if hon. members in genoral did not, thoy were kept to the subject in hand, and Sir Sam got off easy that time. The bill passed through Committee without amendments, and the Committeo nd dressed thoxsclvos to the Audit Act of 1874 Amendment Bill. Cluuso 0, which pro vides that deficiency in votes may bo made up from ' money borrowed for any othor ?purpose, ? provided Parliament consents, created a long and hot discussion which was in reality a battle-royal betweon prosont -ind late Ministers, neither of whom appeared to understand each other or the true objection to the clause. This consists in the following possibility which experience proves to he a very likely probability: The Government of the dny get a vote passed, say for a rai way at £50,000. The session closes, and tenders are called, the lowest of which is, say £100,000. Then the Government, if so minded, can accept the tender. The work is started, and when Parliament meets again tho Government bring forward an Appropriation Act with the other £50,000 in it. The House can only vote it. To refuse would be be to throw aw.iy the £50,000 already voted, because in 0 cases out of 10 tho railway would be useless till completed And this is called plauing tho expenditure wholly unOer tho control of Parliament! Why, despite such a clause, tho premior swindle of the colony, the Cairns Railway, could havo been perpetrated. Tho clause and bill havo been passed but it is not too Into vet to provido a safeguard. Let tho Upper Hnnso insert a proviso that tho Government should not accept any tender moro than 10 per cent, above the estimate voted, without the sanction oE Parliament. The House adjourned at 10 o'clock. 