in ^osan Tragedy. BY W. CtARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER IIL—continued. 1 IADBA JZNXXHGS. ght took in quickly. The quitted the windlass, and were I nppn the yacht nimbly, but so qtrietly, even' with a quality of stealth in their manner of polling and hauling, that wbcould not have been a stiller ship had we been a privateersman getting under "way on a dark night with a design of surprising a rich fabiic or of escaping a iiaavily-armed enemy. They looked a Stout crew of inen, attired without the tmiforsuitythat is denial in yachting computes in these days, though the diversity of dress was not sufficiently marked to oS&i;<L 1 gatheredthat the vessel carried * mate as well as a ^captain, and detected liira In the figure of a sturdy little fellow, Vrith a cast in his eye and a mat of red hair under his chin, who stood betwixt the Imighthead* forward, staring aloft at a hand on the topsail yard. Captain Finn Saluted the girf and me with a flourish of ahauypawtohishat, but was too full of business to give na further heed. " We shall be under way very soon now, Miss Jennings," said I; "it is a strange Voyage that we are-undertaking." • "Aaad one, too," she answered. . ^You.show adeal of courage in accompanying Wilfrid," I exclaimed. • ' I hesitated at first," said she, " but he seemed so sura of overtaking the Shirk, find pressed me so earnestly to ja^mini believing that the sight of me, OTlhai* by my pleading to—to—" She flashing, to the eyes, and half a me : with such a tremulous i to the gush of the mild ^.which seta hundred golden fibres izihu^eing about her oars* that I .to eee a tear upon her cheek ihe looked at me afresh. 1 pre- [• to be interested in nothing butthe fits ofthe men who were hoisting do you think of the voyage, onson?" she exclaimed after a though she held her face if waiting for the flnsh to fade me : considerably," I anere is nothing to make heads * oriaik of init that I can see." But why ?'' ^tnd now she stole a side- Idra&cfcat; me. T^WeO,first of all," I exclaimed, "I 1 " ; imagine that there is the faintest nitty of our picking up the Shark. Jkjnay bebelow the' horizon, iand we su^ be nailing three or four leagues apart : days lit a stretch, and neither ship W^:tae:faintest suspicion of the other falngclose. The ocean is too big for a huh⁡ 3his sort." "But Suppose we should pick her up, to t£se your term, Mr. Monson?" "Suppose it, Miss Jennings, and add this supposition: that the gallant Colonel" —-she frowned at his name, with a sweet : cud of horror on her lip as she looked down—" who will long before have twigged us, declines to heave-to or have anything whatever to do with us : what then*" ** I suggested this to your cousin," she aziswerea quickly; " it is a most natural objection to make. He answered that if Ithe Shark refused to stop when he flailed -fherr-fluit is the proper term, I know— he would compel her to come to a stand by oontinuing to fire at her, even if it fcame to his sinking her, though his object * would be to knock her mast down to prevent her from sailing." : I checked a smile at the expression ; "knock her mast down," and then caught myself running my glance round in search of any hint of ordnance of a persuasive kind ; and now it was that I noticed for the. fast tame, secured amidships of the forecastle, and comfortably housed and • tarpaulined, something that my naval instincts were bound to promptly interpret into a long Tom, and of formidable calibre too, ifthe right sort of hint of it was to be obtained out of its swathing. I also observed another feature that had escaped me: I mean a bow-port on either side the bowsprit—a detail of equipment so uncommon in a pleasure craft as to force me to the conclusion that the apertures had been quite newly cut and fitted. . I uttered a low whistle, whilst I found my companion's gaze rooted .upon me with the same critical attention in the spirited blue gleam of it I had before noticed. "Well!" said I, taking a bit of a breath, " upon my word, though, I should not have thought he had it in him ! Yes, yonder's a remedy," I continued, nodding in the direction of the forecastle, " to correspond with Wilfrid's intentions if he's fortunate enough to fall in with the Shark. Will she be armed, I wonder ? It would the& make the oddest of all peppering matches." " If the yacht escapes us, we are certain to meet with her at the Cape," said Miss Jennings. It was idle to argue on matters of seamanship with the pretty creature. "Wilfrid has said little on the subject to me," I remarked. " He was dreadfully overcome when he called to ask me to accompany him. But it is good and brave of you to enter upon this wild experiment with a womanly and a sisterly hope of courting the fugitive back to her right and only resting- place. My cousin will receive her, then 1" "He means to come between her and the consequences of her—of her folly," said Bhe, colouring again with a flash in her eye and a steady confrontment of me, "let the course he may afterwards make up his mind to pursue be what it will." . I saw both distress and a little liint of temper in her face, and changed the subject. " Have you been long in England 1" "I arrived three months ago at Sher- burne Abbey" (my cousin's seat in the north). " Tou know I am an Australian ? " "Yes, but not through Wilfrid, of whose marriage I should have learned nothing but for hearing it talked about one day in a club. A young baronet who had met Lady Monson was loud in her praises. He described her as a wonderfully beautiful woman, but dark, with fiery Spanish eyes and raven tresses ;" and here I peeped at her own soft violet stars and sunny hair. " Yes, she is beautiful, Mr. Monson," she answered sadly, "too beautiful indeed. Her face has proved a fatal gift to her. What madness !" she exclaimed, whispering her words almost. "And never was there a more devoted husband than Wilfrid. And her baby—the little lamb! Oh, how could she do it 1 how could she doit!" "With whom has the child been placed J" said L " With a cousin, Mrs. Trevor." "Oh,'I know, a dear good creature : the bairn will be in excellent hands." " Sir Wilfrid was too affectionate, Mr. Monson. You known," she continued, looking at me sideways, her face very grave, " if you have ceased to love or to like a person, your aversion will grow in proportion as he grows fond of you. It is not true, Mr. Monson, that love begets love. No; if it were true, my sister would be the happiest of women." "Have you met Colonel Hope-Kennedy?" "Oh yes, often and often. He was a very constant visitor at Sherburne Abbey." " Pretty good- looking 1" " Tall, veiy gentlemanly, not by any means handsome to my taste, but I have no doubt many women would think him so." 'The name is familiar to me, but I never met the man. Did he live in the north ? " " No; whenever he came to Sherburne Abbey he was your cousin's guest." !Phew t thought I. "And, of course," I said, willing to pursue the subject afresh, since it did not seem now to embarrass her to refer to it, whilst I was curious to learn as much of the story as could be got, "my cousin had no suspicion of the scoundrelism of the man he was entertaining." "No, nor is he to be blamed. He is a gentlemen, Mr. Monson, and, like all fine, generous, amiable natures, very, very slow to distrust persons whom he has honoured with his friendship. When he came to me with the news that Henrietta had left him I believed he had gone utterly mad, knowing him to be just a little"—she hesitated, and ran her eyes over my face as though positively Bhe haltad merely to the notion that perhaps I was a trifle gone, too; and then, clasping her hand before her, and hanging her head so as to look as if she was speaking with her eyes closed, she went on : "I was much with Henrietta, and often when Colonel Hope- Kennedy was present. 1 had ridden with them, 'had watched them whilst they played billiards—a game my sister was very fond of—observed them at the piano when she was singing and he turning the music, or when she accompanied him in a song; he sang well. * But—it might be, it is true, because I was as unsuspicious as Wilfrid—yet I declare, Mr. Monson, that I never witnessed even so much as a look exchanged between them of a kind to excite a moment's uneasiness. No ! Wilfrid cannot be charged with blindness; the acting was as exquisite as the object was detestable." And she flushed up again, half turning from me with a stride towards the rail and a wandering look at the green country, which I accepted as a hint that she wished the subject to drop. The yacht was now under way. They had catted, and were fishing the anchor forwards; I noticed that the man I had taken to be the mate had arrived aft and was at the wheel. The vessel's head was pointing fair for the Solent, and already you heard a faint crackling sound like a delicate rending of satin rising from under the bows, though there was so little weight in the draught of air that the Bride floated without the least perceptible list or inclination spite of all plain sail being upon her, with the exception of the topgallant saiL " Fairly started at last, Miss Jennings," said I. She glanced round hastily as though disturbed in an absorbing reverie, smiled, and then looked sad enough to weep, all in a breath. Well, it was a solemn moment for her, I must say. She had her maid with her, it is true ; but she was the only lady on board. There wsb none of her own quality with whom she could talk apart—no other woman to keep her in countenance, so to speak, with the sympathy of presence and sex ; 6he was bound on a trip of which no mortal man could have dated the termination—an adventure that might carry her all about the world for aught she knew, for, since she was fully conscious of the veiy variable weather of my cousin's mind, to use the old phrase, she would needs be too shrewd not to conjecture that many wild and surprising things were quite likely to happen whilst the power of directing the movements of the yacht remained his. And then again she was in quest of her sister, without a higher hope to support her than a fancy—that was the merest dream to my mind, when I thought of the little baby the woman had left behind her, to say nothing of her husband—that her passionate entreaties backing Wilfrid's appeals might coax her ladyship to quit the side of the gallant figure she had run away with. Just then the merry silver tinkling of a bell smartly rung sounded through the open skylight, and at the same moment the form of a neat and comely young woman arose in the companion hatch. " What is it Graham 1" inquired Miss Jennings. "The first dinner-bell, Miss. The second will ring at the half-hour." The girl pulled out a watch of the size of a thumbnail and exclaimed, "It is already five o'clock, Mr. Monson. It cannot be a whole hour since you arrived I I hope the time will pass as quickly when we are at sea." She lingered a moment gazing shorewards, sheltering her eyes sailor-fashion with an ungloved band of milk-white softness, on which sparkled a gem or two ; then, giving me a slight bow, she went to the companion and stepped down the ladder with the grace and ease of a creature floating on wings. Ho, ho! thought I, she will have her sea legs anyhow ; no need therefore, Master Charles, to be too officious with your hand and arm when the hour of tumblefication comes. But that she was likely to prove a good sailor was a reasonable conjecture, seeing that she was comparatively fresh from probably a four month's passage from Melbourne. I followed her after a short interval, and then to the summons of the second dinnerbell entered the cabin. The equipment of the table rendered festal the sumptuous furniture of this interior with the sparkle of silver and crystal, and the dyes of wines blending with the central show of rich flowers. The western sunshine lay upon the skylight, and the atmosphere was ruddy with it. One is apt to be curious when in novel situations, and I must confess that yachting in such a craft as this was something very new to me, not to speak of the uncommon character one's experiences at the onset would take from the motive and conditions of the voyage; and this will prove my apology for saying that, whilst I stexl waiting for Wilfrid and his sister-in-law to arrive, I bestowed more attention, furtive as it might be, upon the two stewards and my cousin's man than I should have thought of obliging them with ashore. The stewards were commonplace enough, a pair of trimbuilt fellows, the head one's face hard with that habitual air of solicitude which comes at sea to a man whose duties lie amongst crockery and bills of fare, and whose leisure is often devoted to dark and mysterious altercations with the cook; the second steward was noticeable for nothing but a large strawberry mark on his left cheek; but Wilfrid's man was worth a stare. I had no recollection of him, and consequently he must haye been taken into my cousin's service since I was last at the Abbey, as we used to call it. He had the appearance of a man who had been bred to the business of a mute, a lanthorn-j awed, yellow, hollow-eyed person whose age might have been five-andtwenty or five-and-forty; hair as black as coal, glossy as grease brushed flat to the tenacity of sticking-plaster, and fitting his egg-shaped skull like a wig. He was dressed in black, his trousers a little short and somewhat tight at the ankles, where they revealed a pair of white socks bulging with a hint of gout over the sides of a pair of pumps. He stood behind the chair that Wilfrid would take with his hands reverentially clasped upon his waistcoat, his whole posture indicative of humility and resignation. Nothing could be more in harmony with the melancholy nature of. our expedition than this fellow's countenance. Miss Jennings arrived and took her place; she was followed by my cousin, who walked to the table with the gait of a person following a coffin. This sort of thing, thought I, must be suffered for a day or two, but afterwards, if the air is not to be cleared by a rousing laugh, it won't be for lack of any effort on my part to tune up my pipes. CHAPTER IV. IN THE SOLENT. The dinner was exquisitely cooked, and as perfectly ordered a repast as the most fastidious could devise or desire; but very little was said, mainly, I suspect, because our thoughts were filled with the one subject we could not refer to whilst the attendants hung about us. What fell was the merest commonplace, but I noticed that whilst Wilfrid ate little he offered no objection to the frequent replenishing of his glass with champagne by the melancholy chap who stood behind him. By and by we found ourselves alone. "That is very honest port; you need not be afraid of it, Charles," said my cousin. "Do you understand gunnery ? " "I believe I could load a piece and point it," said I, smiling, "but beyond that—" " Have you seen the gun on the forecastle ?" " Just the outline of a cannon," I an- swered, "under a smother of tarpaulin. What is called a long Tom, I think." " You will have guessed the object of my mounting it ?" said he, with a frown darkening his face to one of those angry moods which would sweep athwart his mind like the deep but flitting shadows of squall clouds over a gloomy sky sullen with the complexion of storm. " Yes ; Miss Jennings explained." I answered, glancing at her and meeting her eye, in which I seemed to find the faintest hint of rebuke, as though she feared I might be laughing in my sleeve. " What's the calibre, Wilfrid ?" " Eighteen pounds," he answered. " An eighteen pounder, eh ! That should bring the Shark's spars about their ears, though. Let me think: the range of an eighteen pounder—.will be, at an elevation of five degrees, a little over a mile." "If," cried my cousinr^lifting his hand as though to smite the table, then bringing his clenched fist softly down, manifestly checkcd in some hot impetuous impulse by the sense of the presence of the girl, who regarded him with a face as serious as though she were listening to a favourite preacher—"if," he repeated, sobering his voice with the drooping of his arms, "we succeed in overhauling the Shark, and they refuse to heave her to, my purpose is to wreck her aloft, and then, should they show fight, to continue firing at her until I sink her." There was a vicious expression in his eyes as he said this, to which the peculiar indescribable trembling or quivering of the lids imparted a singular air of cunning. " Is the Shark armed, do you know ?" said I. " She carries a couple of small brass pieces, I believe, for purposes of signalling. Pop- guns," said he, contemptuously. " But I fancy she has an armoury of her own. Lord Winterton was constantly cruising north oh shooting excursions, and it is quite likely that he let the weapons which belong to him with the yacht." " If Colonel Hope - Kennedy's programme," said I, "includes a ramble amongst the South Sea Islands, you may rcckon upon his having equipped himself with small arms and powder enough, if only with an eye to nian-eating rogues. But to revert to your long Tom, Wilfrid. It should not be hard to sink a yacht with such a piece ; but you are not for murdering your wife, my dear fellow 1" "No, no, "said he slowly, and speaking to me, though he kept his eyes fixed upon his sister-in-law, "have no fear of that. It is I that am the murdered man." He pressed his hand to his heart. " Rather put it thus: that when they find their vessel hulled and sinking they will get their boats over and be very willing to be picked up by us." " But your round shot may knock their boats into staves," said I, "and what then ?" "Our own boats will be at hand to rescue them," said he, now looking at me full with an expression of relish of the argument. "But, my dear Wilfrid," said I, "don't you know that when a craft founders she has a trick of drowning most of the people aboard her, and amongst the few survivors, d'ye see, who contrived to support themselves by whatever lay floating might not be Lady Monson!" He took a deep breath, and said, so slowly that he seemed to articulate with difficulty, "Be it so. I have made up my mind. If we overhaul the Shark and she declines to heave to, I shall fire into her. The blood of whatever follows will be upon their heads. This has been forced upon me ; it is none of my seeking. I do not mean that Colonel Hope- Kennedy shall posses my wife, and I will take her from him alive if possible ; but rest assured I am not to be hindered from separating them though her death should be the consequence." Miss Jennings clasped her fingers upon her forehead and sat motionless, looking down. For a little I was both starcled and bewildered; one moment he talked as though his wish was that his wife should not be harmed, and the next, in some concealed convulsion of wrath, he betrayed a far blacker resolution than ever I could have imagined him capable of. Yet in the brief silence that followed I had time to rid myself of my little fit ot consternation by considering, first of all, that he was now tn-llring just as, according to my notion, he was acting—insanely; next, that it was a thousand to one against our falling in with the yacht; and again, supposing we came up with her, it was not very probable that the crew of the Bride could be tempted, even by heavy bribes, into a measure that might put them in jeopardy of their necks or their liberty. It was now dark, and the cabin lamps had been for some time lighted. The evening looked black against the portholes and the skylight, but the cheerfulness and beauty of the cabin was greatly heightened by the sparkling of the oil-flames in the mirrors, the swing-trays, the glass-like surface of the bulkheads, and so on. Miss Laura's golden loveliness—do not laugh at my poor nautical attempts to put this amber-coloured, violet-eyed woman before you—showed, as one may well suppose of such a complexion and tints, incomparably perfect, I thought, in the soft though rich radiance diffused by the burning sperm. I wondered that she should listen so pas- sively to Wilfrid's confession of his intentions should we overhaul the Shark. My gaze went to her as he concluded that little speech I have just set down; but I witnessed no alteration in as much of her face as was visible, nor any stir, as of one startled or shocked, in her posture. .Possibly she did not master all the significance of his words ; for how should a girl realise the full meaning of plumping round shot out of an eighteen-pounder into a vessel till she was made a sieve of ? Or it might be that she was of my mind in regarding the expedition as a lunatic undertaking, and in suspecting that a few weeks of this ocean hunt would sicken Wilfrid of his determination to chase the Shark round the world. Or mingled with these fancies, besides, their might be enough of violent resentment against her sister, of grief, pain, shame, to enable her to listen with an unmoved countenance to fiercer and wilder menaces than Wilfrid had as yet delivered himself of. These thoughts occupied my mind during the short spell of silence that followed my cousin's speech. He suddenly rang a little handbell, and his melancholy servant came sliding np to him out of the after cabin. " Tell Capiain Finn I wish to see him — that is, if he can leave the deck." The fellow mounted the steps. " What is the name of that gloomylooking man of yours, Wilfrid ?" " Muffin," he answered. "Have I not seen somebody wonderfully like him," said I, "holding on with drunken gravity to the top of a hearse trotting home from the last public-house along the road from the graveyard ?" Miss Laura laughed ; and there was a girlish freshness and arch cordiality in her laughter that must have put me into a good humour, I think, had it been my wife instead of Wilfrid's that Colonel Hope- Kennedy was sailing away with. "Maybe, Charles, maybe," he answered, with a dull smile ; "he may have been an undertaker's man for all I know ; though 1 doubt it, because I had him from Lord with a five years' character, every word of which has proved true. But I knew you would have your joke. The fellow tits my temper to a hair; he has a hearse-like face I admit ; but then he is the quietest man in the world—a very ghost; summon him, and if he shaped himself out of thin air he couldn't appear at your elbow more noiselessly. That's his main recommendation to me. Any kind of noise now 1 find distracting ; even music—Laura will tell you that I'll run a mile to escape the sound of a piano." At this moment a pair of pilot breeches showed themselves in the companion-way, and down came Captain Finn. As he stood, hat in hand, soberly clothed with nothing more jimcrackin the way of finery upon him than a row of brass waistcoatbuttons, I thought he looked a very proper, sailorly sort of man. There was no lack of intelligence in his eyes, which protruded, as from a long habit of staring too eagerly to windward and trying to see into the inside of gales of wind. He was remarkable, however, for a face that was out of all proportion too long, not for the width of his head only, but for his body ; whilst his legs, on the other hand, were as much too short, so that he submitted himself as a person whose capacity of growth had been experimentally distributed, insomuch that his legs appeared to have come to a full stop when he was still a youth, whilst in his face the active principles of elongation had continued laborious until long after the term when nature should have made an end. " A glass of wine, captain ? " said Sir Wilfrid. "Thank your honour. Need makes the old wife trot, they say, and I feel a-dry—I feel a-dry." " Put your hat down and sit, Finn. I want you to give my cousin, Mr. Monson, your views respecting this—this voyage. But first, where aro we ? " " Why," answered the captain, balancing the wine-glass awkwardly betwixt a thumb and a forefinger, that resembled nothing so much as a brace of stumpy carrots, whilst he directed a nervous look from Wilfred to me and on to Miss Laura, as though he would have us observe that he addressed us generally; "there's Yarmouth lights opening down over the port bow, and I reckon to be clear of the Solent by about three bells — half-past nine o'clock." "The navigation hereabouts," said I, "needs a bright look-out. The captain may not thank us for calling him below." " Lord love 'ee, Mr. Monson, sir," he answered, " the mate, Jacob Crimp, him with the one eye slewed—if so be as you've noticed the man, sir—he's at the helm, and I'd trust him for any inshore navigation, from the Good'ens to the Start, blindfolded. Why, he knows his soundings by the smell of the mud." "How is the weather?" inquired my cousin. " Fine, clear night, sir ; the stars plentiful and the moon arising ; the wind's drawed a bit norradly, and's briskening at that; yet it keeps a draught, with nothing noticeable in the shape of weight in it. Well, your honour, and you, Mr. Monson, sir, and you, my lady, all I'm sure I can say, is, here's luck," and down went the wine. " Captain," said Sir Wilfrid, " oblige me by giving Mr. Monson your views of the chase we have started upon." Finn put down the wine- glass and dried his lips on a pocket handkerchief of the size of a small ensign. " Well," he began with a nervous uneasy twisting about of his legs and feet, "my view's this: Fidler isn't likely to take any other road to the Cape than the one that's followed by the Indiemen. Now," said he laying a forefinger in the palm of his big hand, yellow still with ancient stains of tar, whilst Wilfrid watched him in his near-sighted way, leaning forward in the posture of one absorbed by what is said ; "you may take that there road as skirting the Bay o' Biscay and striking the latitude of forty at about fifteen degrees east; then a south by west half west course for the Canaries; the Equator to be cut at twenty-five degrees west, and a straight course for Trinidad to follow with a clean brace up to the South East trades. What d'ye think, sir ?" "Oh, 'tis about the road, no doubt," said I, for whatever might have been my thoughts, I had no intention to drop a discouraging syllable then before Finn in my cousin's hearing. "But," said the captain, eyeing me nervously and anxiously, "if so be as we should have the luck to fall into that there Shark's wake, you know, we shan't need to trouble ourselves with the course to the Cape south of the equator." " Of course not," exclaimed Sir Wilfrid. " By which I mean to say continued the captain, giving his back hair a pull as though it were some bell-rope with which he desired to ring up the invention or imagination that lay drowsy in his brain, " that if we aren't on to the Shark this side the Line it'll be better for us to tarn to and make up our mind to crack on all for Table Bay to be there afore her, without further troubling ourselves about her heaving in sight, though, of course, the same bright look-out '11 be kept." 'Good," said Wilfrid with a heavy emphatic nod; " that's not to be bettered, I think, Charles." " I suppose," said I, addressing Finn, " that, though your hope will be to pick up the Shark any day after a given period, and though you'll follow the scent of her as closely as your conjecture of Fidler's navigation will admit, you will still go on sweating—pray pardon this word in its sea sense, Miss Jennings—your craft as though the one business of the expedition was to make the swiftest possible passage to the cape of Good Hope ? " "Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she's something to jockey, Mr. Monson. You don't know her yet, sir." " The Shark's a fore-and-aft schooner J" " Yes," he answered. " She carries a square sail, no doubt?" "Ay, a big 'uu, but good only for running, and we ain't without that canvas, too, you must know," he added with the twinkle of humour in his gaze that I had observed in him when Wilfrid had first made him known to me. " Enough of it, Mr. Monson, to hold wind to serve a Dutchman for a week, not to mention a torps'l and t'gallants'l fit for a line-o'- battle ship to ratch under." This was vague talk, but it pleased Wilfrid. " Square yards are very well," said I; " but surely they don't allow a vessel to look up to it as though her canvas was fore and aft only ? I merely ask for information. My marine experiences were limited to square rigs." " There's nothen to prevent the Bride from looking up to it as close as the Shark," answered Finn. "The yards'11 lie fore and aft; what's to hinder them ? There ain't no spread, sir, like what you get in ships with your futtock rigging and backstays and shrouds in the road of the slings elbowing their way to channels big enough for a ball- room. Besides," he added, " suppose it shoxdd be a matter of a quarter of a pint's difference, we need but stow the square cloths, and then we ain't no worse off than the Shark." "True," said I, thinking more of Miss Jennings than of what Finn was saying : so perfect a picture of girlish beauty did she happen to be at that instant as she leaned on her elbow, supporting her chin with a small white hand, her fprm in a posture that left one side of her face in shadow, whilst the other side lay bright, golden, and soft in the lamplight over the table. She was listening with charming gravity, and a countenance of sympathy whose tenderness was unimpaired by an appearance of attention that I could not doubt was just a little forced, since our sailor talk could not but be Greek to her. Besides, at intervals, there was a lift of the white lid, a gleam of the violet eye, which was like assuring one that thought was kept in the direction of our conversation only by constraint. I was beginning to feel the want of a cigar, and I had been sitting long enough now to make me pine for a few turns on deck, but I durst not be abrupt in the face of my cousin's devouring stare at his skipper and the pathetic spectacle of the contending passions in him as he hearkened, now nodding, now gloomily smiling, now lying back on a sudden with a frown which he made as if to smooth out by pressing his hand to his brow. "The Shark," said I, "has five days' start of us. Give her hundred miles a day, for the mere sake of argument; she should be, at that, well in the heart of the bay." " By heaven! within arm's length of us, when you put it so ! " cried Wilfrid, extending his hand in a wild, darting, irrelevant gesture, and closing his fingers with a snap as though upon some phantom throat he had seen and thought to clutch. " Five hundred miles," exclaimed Finn, apparently giving no heed to the baronet's action. " Well, sir, as a bit of supposing, there's no harm in it. It might be more. I should allow less. There's been no weight of wind down Channel. What's happened, then, to blow her along? But there's no telling Anyhow," said he, picking up his cap and rising, "there's nothing in five hundred miles, no, nor in a thousand, to make us anxious with such a race-course as lies afore us. 'Tain't as if we'd got to to catch the craft before she'd made Madeira." He paused, looking a little irresolute, and then said, addressing Wilfrid, "I don't know if there's anything more your honour would like to ask of me ? " "No, not for the moment," answered my cousin dully, with the air of a man languid with a sudden sense of weariness or exhaustion following some internal fiery perturbation ; "it is just this, Finn. Mr. Monson served in the Royal Navy for a few years, and I 'was anxious that he should be at once made acquainted with your views so that he and you could combine your experiences. You have chased in your time, Charles, no doubt?" "Not very often, and then always something that was in sight," I answered with a slight glance at Finn, whose gaze instantly fell whilst he exclaimed : "Well, sir, any suggestion you can make I'll be mighty thankful to receive. But it'll be all plain sailing, I don't doubt; it'll be all plain sailing," he repeated, rumbling out the words in a stifled hurricane note, and, giving us a bow, he went up the steps. Wilfrid gazed at me vacantly when I proposed a cigar on deck. "What do you think of Finn?" he asked. "He seems as honest a man and as practical a seaman as needs be. But he has had command of this yacht since you bought her ?" He nodded. "Well, then, of course you know all about him. He has clearly been a merchant Jack in his day, and has all necessary experience, I daresay, to qualify him for this charge. But, I say, Wilfrid, let us go on deck, my dear fellow. Miss Jennings, I am sure, will not object to the scent of a cigar in the open air." " Nor down here either," she exclaimed. " I shall remember that," said I gratefully. " Now, Wilfrid, won't you— 1" "No," he interrupted; "I am drowsy, and thank Heaven for a sensation that threatens to become a novelty. If I get no rest to-night it will be my eighth of sleeplessness, and I must humour myself; yes, I must humour myself," he repeated, talking in a sort of muttering way, and rising. I advised him by all means to withdraw if he really felt tired, and further recommended a boatswain's caulker of whiskey to top off the champagne and port be had been swallowing. "How will you amuse yourself, Laura?" he exclaimed, turning to her. " It will be dull work for you, I fear." " No, no," cried I blithely, " why need Miss Jennings be dull? It must be our business to keep her lively." "I can sit and read here," said she, " till it is time to go to bed. What is the hour, Mr. Monson ? " " Just on the stroke of eight," said I. She made a pretty little grimace, and then burst into one of her refreshing cordial laughs. "A little early for bed, Wilfrid," she exclaimed. He smothered a yawn and responded : " I will leave you to Charles. Would to heaven I had his spirits. God bless you both—good night. He rang for his valet and stalked with hanging arms and drooping head, in the most melancholic manner picturable, to his cabin. I asked Miss Jennings to accompany me on deck. "There is a moon in the air," said I; " you may see the haze of it through this porthole ; but I must not forget that it is an autumn night, so let me beg you to wrap yourself up warmly whilst I slip on I fancied she hung in the wind an instant, as a girl might who could not promptly see her way to walking the deck of a yacht alone with a young man on a moonlight or any other night, but she assented so quicldy in reality that I daresay my suspicion was an idle and groundless bit of sensitiveness. Five minutes later we were on deck together. The yacht was floating through the dusk —that was tinctured into glimmering pearl by the broad face of silver moon which had already climbed several degrees above the black sky-line of the Isle of Wight—without the least perceptible stir or tremor in her frame. The wind was well abaft the starboard beam; the great main boom overhung the port quarter; the white sail rose wan to the moonshine with a large gaff topsail above it—for those were the days of gaffs—dim- ming into a space of airy faintness to the masthead, above the white button of whose truck you caught the icy gleam of a metal vane as though it was a piece of meteoric scoring under the dust of the stars that hovered in the velvet gloom like a sheet of undulating silver glooming out into hollows in places. Light as the breeze was, and following us besides, it held the canvas asleep ; but that every cloud-like cloth was doing its work, too, the ear quickly noted in the pleasant fountain-like sounds of running waters over the side, with a cool seething noise in the wake and a fairy tinkling of exploding foam-bells. The land to port loomed black against the moonshine,, save where some slope or other catching the slanting beam showed the faint green of its herbage or wooded growths in a very phantasm of' hue, like some verdant stretch of land dyeing an attenuated veil of vapour witnessed afar upon the ocean. Over .the port bow I caught sight of a light or two a long way down the dusky reach, as it seemed, with a brighter gleam to starboard where the land, catching the moonlight, came in visionary streaks and breaks to abeam and on passed the quarter where it seemed to melt out into some twinkling beacon — off Calshot Castle, maybe, so far astern it looked. I spied the sturdy figure of the mate standing beside the wheel, no longer steering, but manifestly conning the yacht. The skipper was abreast of the skylight, leaning over the rail with his arm round a backstay ; there were figures moving forward tipping the gloom there with the scarlet points of glowing bowls of tobacco, but if they conversed it was in whispers. The stillness was scarce imaginable. It was heightened yet even to my fancy presently when, growing used to the light I spied the phantom figure of what was apparently a large brig clouded to her royals with pale canvas stemming the Solent outward bound some half a mile distant. " There is no dew," said I; " the moon shines purely, and is full of promise so far as fine weather goes. Well! hero we are fairly started indeed. It is almost a dream to mo, Miss Jennings, d'ye know?" I continued, staring about me. "Three days ago I had no notice of anything having gone wrong with my cousin, and tlierefpre little dreamt, as you will suppose, of what I was to enter upon this blessed afternoon. Three days ago ! And now here am I heading into God knows what part of this mighty globe of oceans as empty of all theory of destination as though T were bound in a balloon to the part the poets call intersteller space. How is it all to end, I Wonder ? " She was pacing quietly by my side. "You think the pursuit a silly one, Mr. Monson? " - v • j "Yes, I do, ai»d Wilfrid: knows that I do. If he wore not^-i h& is my cousin, Miss Jennings, and a dear friend, and you are his sister-in-law and dear to him, too, I am sure, and so I darsf tobe candid with you—if it wers,nbt that he—" I touched my forehead : " would he embark on such a quest as this ? " " Yes," she replied, with just enough of heat or temper, or. whatever you like to call it, in her voice to render her utterance distinct with ^c&nj;&%hs'e<nphasis. " He adored his wifel 'TCajv a mail tear his love into pieces'in a d^.y, as; thopgh ic were no more than a -tedious old" letter? He thinks he hates her f. he does so in a sense, no doubt; but in a sense,#pp, he'still worships her. Mad I that is frhat you mean." I was beginning to- psote6t. " Yes, it is what you mean, and you arc right and w&hg.;'^li herdoes not pursue her, if he does -not recwyer her, she is lost for ever ; she is ilost nort', ^you will tell me. Ay," she cried with a little stamp, "lost so far as her ^husband's jie&rt; goes, so far as her honour,, is concerned; but not so utterly lost asihe wiQ "liter be if she is not rescued from that^ihat man, who must be so served, Mr. Monson, as to render it impossible for him ever again to trouble the peace of another home, to break the heart of a noble-minded creature and rob a little infant of its mother. Hate him ! ^ Oh,'girl as I am, I declare before my Maker I would shoot him with mar own hand!" There was nothing, in the least degree theatrical in her-way.of speaking. The words came in a hbi^"to"her lips from her indignant heart, Mid, I .heard the sincerity of them - so clearly in the mere utterance, I -did not doubt for an instant that, put a pistol in her hand and Bet up the figure of the colonel in front of her, she would have sought for his heart, if he had one, with the barrel of the weapon without so much as a sigh at having to kill him. I felt abashed; her sincerity and resentment were overwhelming; her strength of feeling, too, won a, peculiar accentuation from the character of aiiy delicacy, of tender fragility, the moonlight gave to her fair and golden beauty. It was like listening to a volume of sounds poured forth by a singing bird, and wondering that such far-reaching melody should be produced by bo small a creature. "I fear," said I, "you don ! t think me very sincere in my Sympathy with Wilfrid—" "Oh, yes, Mr. Monson," she interrupted ; " do not suppose such a thing. It is not to be imagined that you should take this cruel and miserable affair to heart as he does, or feeL jtfas I do, who am her Bister." •• . " The truth is," said I, .fit is impossible for a bachelor not: to •take a cynical view of troubles of this sort. A man was charged with the minder of his sweetheart. The judge said'to jnm, 'Had the woman been your wife, yopr guilt would not haye been-uo -great, because you would have no other 'means-of .getting rid of her save by killing>her; hut the unhappy creature whose throat 'jtKi cut you could have sent adrift withdot ilouble.' What I mean to say is,'Miss''Jennings, that a husband does not merit half the pity that is felt for Min if'his wife elopes. He is easily qtut of a; woman, who is his wife only by name!. I am for gttying her. The inevitable iequ^ ibe r 4j#g!9ce, desertion, and the rest of jt is ajfepiuictual as the indications of the^^ha^-p^olock. . . . But see how. njniUy^sfehe Bride floats through all this : d (trkrtpfp&nd; quietude. We shall -be j^asrang^thfe&^eBsel shortly, and yet for" eanyafr'.ahj? ifficught really be one of the ••:pytamids-'<if- Egypt towing down ChanneL" We went to the rait +o look, I, for one, glad enough to ch£nge'"the 'subj ect, for it was noth^'lessf.thJmvprofanity to be arguing with. jsweefcSarv&fctle; woman as this—in tho p.ure wljitft «}iining of the moon, too, :,.and .wit£,vsoiQething of an ocean freshnessof .atatps$iSre all about us —on such a.; gangxeiwus'dmibject as the elopement of I^y wm^ih with Colonel Hope-Kennedy; -"Ou& ofcaH my sea-going experiences I could not ^pick a fairer picture than was made by the brig we were passing, dad as she was. in moonlight, and rising in steam-coloured spaces to mere films of royals motionless under the stars. She was a man-of-war; the white of her broad band, that was broken by black ports, gleamed Kfce the ivory of pianoforte .keys; her canvas was exqui- sitely cut and set^ an<l. trimmed as naval men know how—one' yardarm looking backwards a little^oVer another, the rounded silent cloths, faint in the radiance with a gleam as of "alabaster showing through a delicate hfize, and high aloft the tremor of a pennant like ^he expiring trail of a shooting star^ : AH^as as hushed as death upon her ; her high bulwarks concealed her decksj nothing 'was to be seen stirring along the whole, length of the shapely, beautiful, visionary fabric that, as we left her slowly veering awa y u P° n our quarter, looked to lose the substance of her form, as though through the gradual absorption of the light her own white canvas made by the clear and icy radiance of the soaring moon. "To think now," said I, "of the thunder of adamantine lips concoaled within the silence of that heap of swimming faintness ! How amazing the change from the exquisite repose she suggests to the fierce crimson blaze and headlong detonations of a broadside flashing up the dark land and dying out miles away in a sullen roar." But d'ye know, Miss Jennings, I shall grow poetical if I do not light another cigar. Women should encourage men to smoke. Nothing keeps them quieter." We exchanged a few words with Captain Finn, who, together with the mate, was keeping a bright look-out, and then resumed our walk, and, in a quiet chat that was ended only by a small bell on the forecastle announcing the hour of ten by four chimes, Miss Laura gave me the story of my cousin's introduction into her family, described the marriage, talked to me about Melbourne and her home there, with more to the same purpose, all very interesting to me, though it would make the merest parish gossip in print. Her mother was dead; her father was a hearty man of sixty who had emigrated years before in dire poverty, " as you will suppose," said she, "when I tell you that he was the son of a dissenting minister who had a family of twelve children, and who died without leaving money enough to pay for his funeral." Mr. Jennings had made a fortune by squatting, but he had lost a considerable sum within the past few years by stupid speculation, and as Miss Laura said this I could see, by hearing her (to use a Paddyism), the pout of her lip ; for, bright as the moonlight was, the silver of it blended with the golden tint of her hair without delining any feature of her clearly, saving her eyes, in which the beam of the planet would sparkle like a diamond whenever she raised them to my face. She told me her father was very proud that hia daughter should become a lady of title, and yet he opposed the marriage^ too. In short, he saw that Wilfrid's ^nd waa - not as sound as it should be, though ha never could point to any act or speech to justify his migivings. But this was intel- - ligible enough; for, to apeak ofmy cousin as I remembered him in eufher tima&; the notion you got that lie was; not jftaightheaded, as I have before said," was^fsom • his face, and the suspicion layb in one, so rationed was -hia bmiavicaiir,' so polished and often initeHe&UBi;)iiff'&t; till on a sudden it was Sharpened Jsa conviction on your hearing that 'theiSe was insanity in his mother's fomily/ / " What had Lady ; IVfonikmvtd' Say to your father's misgivings ? " ! inquired.. '' She accepted him, andinsisted-upftn - marrying hijn. He was wonderfully fond of her, Mr. Monson." • ' "Andshe?" .. ; ; - I saw her give her head a little shake, but she made no reply.. PerhapB she considered that this trip we -iad Started on sufficiently answered the- : question. She said, after a brief pause, :^! myself thought my father a great deal too critical in his estimate of Sir Wilfrid. - -No one talked more delightfully than your cousin. 1 He was a favourite with everybody whom he met at Melbourne. He was fresh from his travels, and waa fuU ol OTtertaining . stories and shrewd observations ; ana then, again, he had much to aay. abont - European capitals, of English flniVMsky . life, of English society—-you will not a66a me to tell you that we colonials have littU? weaknesses in regard to lords and ladies and to the doingB of high life, from which people inEngland arequite exempt,andfor the having which I fear we are slightly ~ sneered at and a good deal wondered at. I caught the sparkle of her lifted eye. - "And pray, Miss Jennings,".said I, - " what would your papa think if he were to know that you had' embarked On what, - - I must still take the liberty of calling, a very queer voyage ?" ; "Oh," she cried quicidy and almost hysterically, "don't ask me what, he would think of what I am doing! What will be his thouglita when he gets the news of what Henrietta has done ?" ~ She turned her head away from -jne, and kept it averted long enongh to .niake me suspect that there was .a tear in ^er eye. - It was then that a sailor forward struck the forecastle bell four tiinea. . - a '' Ten o'clock I" she exclaimed,knowing - as an ocean traveller how to interpret sea time. " Good night, Ittr.'jlonson;'' -1' I handed her down the companion-^itepe, and went to my own iirais pre- , sently in njy bonk. Bu£ It was after seven bells, half-past eleven, before I fell ; The breeze had freshened j had drawn apparently more yet to the ^lorthward,^ and the yacht haying hanled it a bit now : that we were out of .the Solent, was leaning over, a trifle with a sputtering - and frisky snapping of &ofch; along her bends and a quiet moaning sounding . down into her heart out of the hollows,ro - ller canvas, whilst an occasional creak breaking from one knew not what^parbof : the structure, hinted at a, taut.^uag iof tacks and sheets, though there wsk^o motion in the water over whose surface our keel slided as steadily as a alelgh orar . a snow-covered plain It was one thing on top of another^'! suppose; the fancies put into me -by the oddneBs of this adventure; the memoir; of the long gun forwp!d ; Wilfrid's tragic intentions, the darker to my mind becpua: it was so easy for me to see how jpief wrath, a sense of dishonour, bitter injury, - with impulses not imaginable by me ~ which every recurrence to the motherleas ,- little baby at home would visit him withj^j had quickened in him of late the deadlEyr 7 "" seminal principle that circulated , in* . blood. Then again, there was Mi|V ; Laura's beauty^ if beauty be the term to express a combination of :phy«j_ charms which a brief felidtous sentep|*| like a single line from some i "" would better convey than fifty description; her conversation ;JE pathy with the motive of this trip^ apparent heedlessness as to the time iig^ occupied by it; her, indifference as to !f* magnitude oftheprogrammethatTfi resolution to recover his wife mights in framing if Table Bay should proven a starting point—I say it was one, ". on top of another; and all reflections^ __ considerations being' tendered acute by"^ the spirit of life one now felt in and that awakened the most dormant er -L puzzled faculty to the perception -fchatit \ was all grim, downright earnest, small wonder that I should have lain awake - until half-past eleven. Indeed, ~that .,1 > should have snatched a wink of sleep . > that first blessed night is a jnystery only - to be partially resolved by reflecting that I was young, heedless^ • * unencumbered": as they say,' a lover of adventure, and in no sense dissatisfied by 3he company. I found myself among.- "A GLASS OF WINE, CAPTAIN ?" SAID SIR WTLFBID. 