A Woman Rises from Her Coffin. A very strango and sensational ovent happened u short time ago in Jelzelsdorf, in Lowei Austria. It reads liko iictiou (says ii Vienna correspondent), but, nevertheless it seems to be pei fectly true, as it was told liore by the Burgomaster of tlio placo himself. The wife of a tradosman succumbed thero at tho end of last month to a lingering illness, and after tho physician had declared that death had taken place the remains wero conveyed to tho; .mortuary. The husband,' who had loved his'. wife dearly had ordered that his. wife . should be buried with her rings; ear-rings, and other jowo|lery on. On the, night before the funeral, a'goodrfor-nothing fellow of tho' village, who had heard of this, :broko into the mortuary with the intention of robbing the corpse. . As ho could not draw ono of the tho : rings ofi ; the dead woman's finger, he drew his knife to cut it off. But as soon as the edge of the knife penetrated the flesh the apparently dead woman, who had - been in deep unconsciousness only, gavo a 'loud cry. Life had returned to her, and sho rose slowly in her collin. Tlio robber, horror stricken, rushed oil' us quickly as his feet could carry him. Tho woman, who was dressed in ordinary clothes, as it is the custom in Austria, left the mortuary and wont homo. When she knocked at the door it was opened by tho apprentice. He asked, ' Who is there?' and one can easily imagine his amazement when he receved the answer 'It is I, the mistress,' and when ho saw the woman whom he believed, to be. dead in her coffin standing . upright before him, ho was utterly spoeclilcss from terror and trembling. So tho woman had to announce herself pesonally to hor husband, who bemoaned her loss, and had meant to be present at her funeral next morning. The meeting with him, of course, was of a moro exciting nature still than that with the apprentice, and it -took somo time before sho could convince her husband that it was not her ghost who spoke to him. 