MODERN FORTUNE-TELLING. (losses' spectatob) . It is necessary, we suppose, as well as righ to punish fortune-telling for money. One has always an idea, after reading the pro ceedings before the magistrates, as if good powder ana shot were being thrown away for nothing, and as if the progress or intelligence would of itself extinguish that particular i variety of misdemeanour. "We do not hang witches any longer, nobody can precisely say why, and the . bumkins (who affirm, as they still do now and then, that Mother So-and-So has " overlooked" -their children orj. their pigs, receive no help from She- Bench, beyond a sharp little lecture, which tbey do not understand, for their folly or their malice.. Indeed, if they .have stuck pins into Mother So-and-So on the faith of her witcbhood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have sst fire to her black cat, they are fined, as if their offence had not been dietated by one of the most ancient of all beliefs. Still, a fortune-teller who takes money is a swindler, usually a conscious swindler, and fools must be pro tected against swindlers ; while there is some thing to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation of folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men who passed the Act intended it, we fancy, not so much for ' the protection of servant-girls', curious about the complexion 'of their future lovers, as for tne pumsnment ot a kmd of blasphemv closely connected with the worship of the evil one ; but still, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to check a particu larly injurious kind of lying. There never was a time when fortune- telling in drawing-rooms was so rife, or apparently so much believed in. Soeiety rejects astrology altogether, not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, but because it so rarely sees or fhinlra of the stars ; and it has got beyond dreams, which are supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to be curable by nitrate-of-silver pills, or it may be by nux vomica ; and the drinkers of tea at 5 o'clock fire in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely to end some day in a possible appearance of ghosts ; so they devote themselves to rather more inane forms of divination. Sometimes the inquirer's fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensible, as there is in hand writing a little evidence of character, though not much, . the slightest ' inaptitude of the fingers or defect of eyesight depriving the manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also that writer's resolve to write a conventional hand. The most reso lute person we know writes a niggling scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if _ of anything, of weak indecision ; while women with watery minds pour out . those minds in manuscript which Lord Palmerston, who wrote a Circular Order com manding uncial English, would have pro nounced perfection. Sometimes, again, reve lation is sought from the lines on the forehead, nut the humps, mind — that is a separate tolly — but the lines, for which the seekers might, if they knew anything about it, plead very ancient warrant. Priests who were wise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny was recorded by the foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, and dreamed that, if the spectator only pon dered enough, he could discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or his com parative intelligence. The drawing-room,, however, knows nothing of that, and only guesses by a rule which, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather than Hhe foreheads that are smooth. It is fiot a had way, if both sexes are present, of making love without being too explicit ; but it involves severe staring, and severe staring is rude. Modern society would not be rude, even if it could stare /into heaven ; and divination by the forehead Is therefore usually discarded in' -favour of divination hy the hand. The gipsies are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a. rage. Every body who has time to waste knows some thing of it, and there are regular adepts — ladies some of them — who make out of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only tamporaiy, incomes. They 'tell first the in quirer's character, about which they often mak£ 8hrewdhits, ekeing out the resnlt of attentive observation, or hints .gathered within the . room hy the use of cer tain common forms, invented, we imagine for the behoof of those advertisers who promise full revelations of character for a shilling's-worth, of stamps. Some of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery in disguise, flattery not of the common sort, but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of mankind. No man, for instance, is told that he is weak; bnt a great many are informed that they have a strength of purpose not suspected by their friends, or an inner hardness which, may apringi either from rectitude or selfishness. No woman is ever assured that she is spiteful ; but she is often told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and that she is even too affectionate — a useful advertisement when it is read aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will often notice an odd poculikrity. The magician wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definiteness is quite, safe, to nobody, however sceptical, oan deny that any fortune is possible in the distant futuie. The inquirer may become rich, though she is poor ; her lover may be dark, though she preters blonde people ; and she may live to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the sibyl will shine in her memory as a prophetess, while if she does not she and her friends will have forgotten the unfulfilled prediction. But the passion for guessing by rule is a very potent one, and occasionally, we more than suspect, masters the seer, who then becomes hopelessly inconsistent, the things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the things which, according to the rule, ought to he pred eted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but the lines of the palm lfiean poverty, or the lines of the wrist — an extension of the art at which we fancy the forgotten.. Hindoos or fire-worshipping Chaldeans,- who invented the whole business, would have smiled — and so the prediction comes out as' poverty, to te followed by unexpected good fortune. It is a silly game, but not without, its mischiefs. There is a kind of sceptical credulity which is most characteristic of our day, when people will believe anything except revelation, and think a wizard a far mora likely being to exist than any sort of angel ; and we fancy many a listener finds his or her judgment of character warped -by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledged derived from something more to be trusted than ex perience. Predictions, too, stick in the mind, and work their own fulfilment, some times with effects which are seriously in- . jurious. The practice, too, though it would/ be folly to make too much of it,, has un/ doubtedly one effect which on many minds as far from beneficial. It develops that t&fite; for the indulgence of weak wonder which of all intellectual foibles is j the one that most enfeebles the character, prematurely debauching as it does the) nobler instincts of reverence and faitb,i The fibre of the mind is weakenei, and the " open inquirer" becomes liable to a men nil disease which may be best described /as imbecile credulity, credulity which is nct faith, and is as impervious to evidence as/ water covered with a film of oil is impervious to air. The i spiritualists, when they apfe sincere, at all events seek something- wbrth seeking, con crete evidence .of a fubara state;, hut the devotees of.- these methdds. of guessing have ' -noteren the excuse' of art end. If they could see j into the future, they wpuklbe in no way the gainers, tor the very qpndition of its being the .future is that thejr /craa neither hurry nor re- been | 