HOW THE PLAN WORPKED. ' Your white roses are just coming into bud, Lally,' said Aldrich Cone, as he camel in from the garden. 'Blossom Hedge is at its prettiest now.' The coffee exhaled a fragrant odour, the fresh-baked biscuits were of the most delicate brown, and the chickens broiled to a turn, but Mrs. Cone's face wore a most tragic ex pression, as she sat with an open letter in her hand. 'Aldrich,' said she, hysterically, ' what am I to do? Here's your Aunt Eflingham coming here next week, with her six children and the nurse! They've had the measles, it seems, and the doctor has prescribed country air, so they've decided to inflict a four weeks' visitation upon me !' ' Oh,' said Aldrich, guiltily, 'I forgot to tell you. Haidee Clair wants to come here this summer. She requires perfect quiet to finish her new novel, and says she retains such a de lightful impression of Blossom Hedge from her last summer's visit.' 'Oh, does she, indeed?' said Mrs. Cone, dashing the cream and sugar recklessly into the sea-green china cups. ' And we amust rememnber that your cousin Falkland has kindly volun tleered to send Andromeda here for the summner, so that she may forget that love affair of hers with Jack Jocelyn.' 'I'm afraid we haven't room for 'em all,' said Mr. Cone, reflectively. ' Oh, yes, you have,' said Lally, with tears and laughter struggling in her voice. ' They'll sleep on the hall hat-rack, on the garret floor, or the cellar shelves, sooner than forego the opportunity of getting good country board for nothing ! And I shall do as I did last year get along without a new winter suit, and do my own winter house work, because the house keeping bills were so heavy during the summer. All our relations are very particular. you know. about their eating and drinking, and we had to get new hair mattresses for the Johnson 8mythes, and re-carpet Haidee's room because she " perfectly abhorred' " the old pattern.' ' It's outrageous !' said Cone, carving the chickens. 'But I don't know how we areto help ourselves without being dreadfully rude.' Tell them plainly that they cannot come.' 'Our relations. Lally P' remonstrated Cone. 'It's an imposition,' said Lally. ' It's only for a little while, mylove. Let 'emn come.' ' It will be for all summer, Aldrich.' 'No, it won't. I'll see to that.' ' What do you mean ?' 'I've got a plan in my head, my love.' 'A plan?' 'Yes. You'll see. Only don'task any ques tions.' 'But, Aldrich,' pleaded the .young house keeper, with every hospitable inpulse rising up in her heart, ' you musn't treat 'em rudely.' 'I'l11 be as pleasant as Pmunch to 'em, my love, see if I'm nlot.' ' Aldrich, what are you going to do?' ' Don'tI tell you, Lally, that it's a profound secret?' ' But you'll tell me ?' ' I'll tell nobody.' And to this platform Mr. Cone steadfastly ad hered, in spite of Lally's protestations and en treaties. The authoress arrived, with several huge trunks, a typewriter and a hammock. Miss Andromeda Falkland came by the next train, 'like Niobe, all tears,' and Mrs. Effing hamn, her nurse and her six noisy, troublesome young convalescents brought up the rear. ' Ten people!' said Mrs. Cone to that trust worthy and reliable confident, herself. 'Oh dear ! oh, dear I I might as well have taken a situation for general housework in a summer boarding-house.' ' I don't see,' said Mrs. Pepper, the minister's wife, ' what that young Cone is thinking of to allow his wife to be so overridden with re lations. The weather is very hot, and she isfar from strong. And I am told they sleep them selves on a sofa bedstead in the parlour, to make room for that swarm of parasites.' ' My dear,' said the good parson, ' are you not expressing yourself rather strongly?' 'I'm only speaking the truth,' said Mrs. Peoper. Put it soon transpired that Mrs. Cone's visitors, like Barnum's happy family, could not agree. Miss Haideo Claire could not write without the accompaniment of, perfect silence. The little Effinghdms could not divert themselves without the hoots and shrieks peculiar to their tender years, and both Miss Claire and Mrs. Effingham took exception to the mouruful banjo notes on which Andromeda Falkland was wont of an evening to bewail her blighted love. 'They are quarrelling. like cats and dogs,' sighed tally to her husband. 'Let 'em quarrel,' said Aldrich. 'What lekes, ma!' said Ershine Effingham one afternoon, as he returned from a successful raid upon the hens' nests in the barn. ' We've got to take our hammocks and croquet out. of the Maplo lot.' 'WVhat for?' petulantly inquired his mother.. 'Couosn Aldrich has sold it;' 'Sold it? How very inconsiderate of hliim!' said Mrs. Etfiugham. ' Sold it to whom?'? 'To the cemetery-people.' 'What !' 'The cem-e-te-rv people,' enunciated Master. Erskine. ' Tie ralilroad's a-goih' right through the old graverard, and thseyve got to have a new place. I Iheard cousin Aldrich tell the carpenter to bring that load of fence posts right off, and I heard himn say, tooo that it didn't matter so much, because there had already been two or three interments there.' 'Interments!' gasped Mrs. Effinghan, 'under our very windosws? Goodness mrd! I never heard of such a thing!' ' If ye plase, ma'atm,' said Delia, tihe nfrdso, Sthat accounts for it.' ' Accounts for what ?' SThe ghost, mum, all in white!' uttered Delia, with chattering tooth. ' I seen it last night, mum, as the church clock struck twelve; un' I seed it the night before. An' I don't wonder, ma'am, the ipoer dead bodies bein' dug up and scattered around this way. And if you plase, ma'am, you'll suit yourself at once, or not another week will Delia O'Rourke live next door to a churchyard.' 'MIa, ma,' whispered Florence Elfingham, who had eagerly devoured every word of the discussion, 'I'm afraid of ghosts. Delia says ghosts come after little girls if they ,on't-' ' Will you hush?' said Mrs. Eltingtham, clasping her hands in despair. ' Aldrich, what is this? Have you sold the Maple lot ?' 'Sold it! Why shouldn't I?' said Mr. Cone, why just then came in with a string of speckled ,brook trout. ' They offered me a capital price, and I'm not a rich man.' 'But to a cemetery !' \- I don't know a quieter neighbour than a cemetery,' said Aldrichr. " " b... ' And I'm told,' said 'Ii'. Effinghbim; witht shudder, 'that some interments have already taken place!' 'I didn't suppose you'd mind it, Aunt Efring ham.' said the young host. ' Mind it! Why it's a semi- barbarous pro ceeding!' cried the lady. 'Do we live in a civilised country or do we not?' 'sMa!' screeched Rudolph Effingham, the second son, jerking at the maternlal skirts, 'here's a load of lumber at the bars, a real big load. Do you suppose that's to make the coffins out of?' Just then 'Miss Clare stalked, d lat Lady Macbeth, on the scene. ' I attach no importance to vulgar supersti tion,' said she, glaring at Mrs. Eflingham, with whom she was no longer on speaking terms. SOf the dead I entertain no fear. But the living are quite a different thing. And I cer tainly saw a-man, Cousin Aldrich, prowling about these premises last night, with a dark lantern.' ' The ghost!' squeaked Delia. ' I have seen him, too! I did, with these eyes, the blessed saints betune nme and all harm i Oil! oh oh ! oi !' ' Peace, foolish womant!' said Haidee. This was no shade ! It was a burly thief, intent no doubt on mischief. I saw him try to open tthe back parlour shutter, and then Neighbour Foxley's waggon drove by, and he disappeared as i'by tagic. And I want you to under stanid, tally,' to Mrs. Cone, 'that I ca.'t stand the nervous shock of this sort of thing. My profession requires that I should be stur rounded by peaceful calm. I leave here to morrow.' ' An' I'll go wid yez,' said Delia. ' I can't sleep nights in to place where burglars is climin' up the trellis work, and poor ghosts come stalk int' around when the church clock strikes mid night, and a whole waggon-load more comin' to merry or next day, from the cimetery ! Och, hloe ! the like of it niver washeard before !' ' at, ma! can't we go too? We're afraid to stay at Blossom Hedge any longer i' pleaded the little Effinghams in chorus. And so there was a general exodus. 'Aldrich, is this true?' said M-rs. Cone, when the last express load of trunks had dis appeared roundth- curve of the road. SIs what true ? You're not afraid of ghosts, are you, Lally?' ' No: but- ' ' Don't fret, my dear.' said Cone, com posedly. ' The cemetery has purchsed a lot, but it happens to be Maple Hill, four miles to the cast of us. I'm not to blame, am I, for Erskine Effingham's blunder ?' But the load of lumber ?' 'I've sold the place to Dr. Bassett. aedho's going to build a gem of a Queen Anne cottage. 'I can't imagine any pleasanter neighbours .thann the Bassetts will be; can yo?' ..... ' '-yes,' said borsildered Ltally;: ' but the interments that had already taken place there ? You said yourself- ' ' My dearest girl, don't you remember that we buried Minnie, your pet spaniel, under the sweetbritr bush there, and the two canaries last fall?' O' h, Aldrich, aren't you ashamed of your self?' 'Who-I? Notin the least.' But the ghosts, Aldrich ? the burglars ?' 'Here comes Andromeda,' said Mr. Cone, with a sudden assumption of more than judicial gravity. ' Come here. you false damsel, and own up at once what I've already been sharp enough to discover for myself.' ' Oh, Cousin Aldrich,' stammered poor An dromeda, blushing celestial rosy red, lnd trying vainly to hide her face behind the blue-ribboned banjo in her hand. ' I am neither Delia O'Rourke, nor tie Ellr.fig ham children, nor vet tHaidee Clare,' merci lessly went on Aldnrich. ' And I shrewdly sus- pect that the ghost was'Jack Jocelyn in a white tennissuit, haunting the green field beneath his soweetheart's window, iand the burglar no other than Jack Jocelyn in black, climbing up the trellis tfter a letter which he well knew where to find. Andromeda blushed redder than ever. ' Now, I'll have no more of this,' said Al drich. with mock sternness. ' Confess, young woman, at once, that you and your love affair are at the bottom of all this mystification. Jack Jocelyn has owned up.' 'Oh, Aldrich?' sobbed Andromeda. 'And will you, too, turn against me ?' ' Not a bit of it.' said Aldrich Cone, cheer fully. 'Don't fret, little one, Jack has just told me that lie has been appointed to a thou sand-dollar berth in the general post-office, and I've written to your mother that things are all right. He's a jolly good fellow, and it isn't necessary for him to play ghost out in the cold tiny longer.' andromreda threw herself, weeping with joy, into Lally Cone's arms, and the two women re: joiced together.' Aldrich smiled. ' My plan hasn't worked so badly,' said he. Sa'tturdaeu light. 