i ', 1IOlECT'JOA' i. INJ1,lt COLONIAL. FReLE- TRADJE. wi of OPINION OI? THE N.W. COAST. on Our sperial reporter writes:--As federa- re, lion and intlercoloninl free-trade are pro- pr minent topics at present, and as the mem- pe bers for Wellington, tl:e Mersey, and We {t no Devon have been giving tihe residents of ye the N.W. Coast the benefit of their views wl the following notes takeni while obtaining bu material for the articles " Along the N.W. eil Coast," which .olpeared in tile mB.Laer er bl a phort time since, may interest many of in your readers :- nc I was somewhat amused at the recep- 111 tion arguments in favour of protection pc often received in these agricultural dis- sh tricts along the N.W. Coast, and he the results of many conversations con- an vinced me that the commuon-sense fa principles of free - trade have gained 12 a firmer hold than the vague and selfish theories of protection. Some illustra- f tions--m which arguments, often inter mittently conducted, are thrown into 'a It cone inuousform--may indicate the tenor of lie the views expressed to me. Chatting by the comfortable fireside of a saw- mill do owner, whose energy and enterprise I had pc during the day had ample opportunity of witnessing, the .conversation took the th following form :- X1 "I suppose. Mr -- that you are a to strong advocate for proteelion to local in- wi dustries f" Inc "Hang protection. What can protec tion do for me." nt "Well, it will give you .the control of the local market." th " Bother the local market. If I had to depend upon that I might st-ree. Our at sawmills can produce ten, aye, a hundred, oo times what is required for the local market, of and whait we want is an intercolonial tl market. You have sBen to-day beds of or gurm timber that I cannot utilise; you I have seen all but the best portions of tile th blackwood timber thrown away or burnt, w; and but for'the Victorian market for black. fil wood the mill would be stopped. We have tk the finest timber in the colonies, and what th we want is an intercolonial market for it. Will protection give us that ?" be " Certainly not; the sole aim of protec- ye tion is to secure the local market for local fu producers, and if that is done everybody so must prosper." Be " Bosh! What we want is intercolonial tie free-trade, and the widest market it is en possible to obtain. And, I tell yesou, that oi it is going to come. I am a believer in Sir at Henry Parkes's scheme, and I believe that th before two years have passed Australian br federation and intercolonial free-trade will be an accomplished fact. Give us that na and you will see how the saw-milling busi- fr ness will expand, but at present we are tied th up by protectionist tariffs." "lBut you do not seem to understand w that the best way to make other colonies at break down their barriers land to Se coerce them into free-trade with usr cs is to put on as high protectionist duties as gi possible." w " How do you make that ount How tt can such a policy benefit us, or how can ss increasing the number of ' barriers,' as sc you call them, bring about free exchange pi of products?" F " Well, I confess I can't explain that. I fa am only telling you what the advocates of bi protection in this colony are preaching." F "I can't see how import duties on timber m can benefit me, when I have any quantity lI to eroll and want a wider market for it. I he con only send the blackwood into the Hel- no bournq market now, because there is no de duty there upon it, and our blackwood is rr superior to any thing in the colonies. You cc read the report of the Victorian Com'mis, is dion a few years ago upon' Austra'ian tim- or bers, and you will find Tasmanian black- sr wood stands high up the list in almost yi every test." 01 " I have read that report. Why cannot you export hardwood f" je " Because of the handicap through the bh protectionist policy of Victoria and other tl colonies. I could sell it here at 4s Gd to al 5s per 100ft. In sending to Melbourne cc there is 3s freight, and then 2s import Cfi duty, and 7d wharfage, raising the cost to gi the consumer by an additional 5s 7d; in S other words making him pay more than be double the first cost of the timber. Give ol us intercolonial free-trade; the untouched h beds of timber here will be turned into de profit, and we can compete with any of the it Victorian saw-millers. I tell you again bi all we require to prosper our timber indus- ee try is the largest market we can get, not a II local market." d "Well. air, I'm afraid I must 'give you w best' on that point; but what iabout ' keep- El ing the money in the colony ?' I dare say tl you tlink you have been a benefactor to d the colody in establiehing a busy scene of aI industry on thee barren, uninhabited is plains, but did you ever reflect what a p blow you have dealt to local industries by cc importing all your plant and machinery cl instead of getting it made locally, and ( thus keeping the money in the colony ?" y " I never thought whether I was a bene- Is factor or not, but I do know that I have h put every shilling I am wortlh, and more d besides, into this venture, and I want to n get some return for my money. You h needn't think I have got a' fat thing' here. 11 The margin is very small, and any profit 1 1 make must come from saving in expenses '1 by employment of improved appliances. I spent money in visiting England and t inspecting many establishments to secure v lrhe boeat plant available, and I would like a to know whplro I could have got my plant o m mare in 'a'aEanna P"' '" Wrell, I don't suppose the local syticle a would have been equsal to the Imported, o but there are firms in Hobart and Laun- C ceston that would have undertaken your i locomotives, winding enginie, travelling 0 cranes, and saw-mill plant?" '.' Would they have been as good and as cheap as thopp you have seen at work to.day ?" r " Perhaps not, but the whiplp ppminunity must have been made more prosperous by I keeping in the colony the money you have o sentout of it; you must have shared in I Sthat general prosperity, and the engineer- c ing firms would be in a position to do t better work next time." Sr' 2 pevepr heard such rubbishl! Haven't t SI got good yalun for tile money I sent I away P Haven't I beep able to start a new c enterprise that would have bepn !mpos- 1 eible without first-class appliances ? And now you want to make out that I ought to bave got an inferior plant and been ruined by breakdowns and repairs just to 'keep the money in the colony!' Wasn't that the cry you raised wrlep you got the dredge Agnew built? And a dice bosch phe has been. No, thank your no Morn 'Agnew's' about my place, I can tell you." "Don't say that.I raised that cry, please. 1 I am only putting forward the ergiuments I hear used by the leading advocates of protection in this colony, and they don't aoonr to be appreciated by you," "N's they don't, and now I think of it you represent a frep-trade paper." "Never mind wh'at I reppefent; let me hcat your ,viesna on the e?rploymeit of labour. Are you aware that the mere employment of labour means wealth to a communityf" "Whether it is reprsdluctive or not ?" "Thie apostles of protectioal d not enter into that question. They 'assert th~re more Slabour employed the more a community must prosper. Now ySol have told mu Sthat your winding engine gets' logs out of the bush at one third the cost of bu lock, that your railway delivers them at fhe mill at less than a tenth of the dos qf hborsep or bullocks, ,that your 'exp nsie jetty ]esona ±he cost of shipmuent, anAy, it hals just stsuck mo .th~t your jabdlir-saving appliorces are prcven'ting the eglployment of s larlge amouAt of labour, arid' hihdcing the prcpperityovf the surrouidi'ng district. Sell your wirnding engine and burn your railway, and look at thp host of men and bullocks would find emplo?mgpt in haulage ;' look at the impetus given to agrdicultpral production in feeding those men and cattle ; look at the stimulus all this would mean to commerpe look at the prosperity that would permeate thropgh the island; look at-" S "Oh bother your arguments. You 'ould have the whole district living on moe while SI had a shilling, but what would happen d when I went ' stoene broke ?" r I was unable to answer this, and we ill turned to more profitable topics. 05 In another locality I was ohaetting to an old pioneer, a type of that sturdy .old I British stock that so often puts us colonials at to shame, and a question led to a conversa. re. tion of which the following gives the pith -I naked "Tlein'you think that if we only had a wider market the soil and productiven- es of this Coast for potato culture must ensure its pregurss ?"' "I am confident of it. You can safely reckon ,that all over 410 per acre is clear profit, audat.£3 a ton 31 tons of potatoes per acre will clear all expenses. But we never have such poor yields as this. Last I year, it is true, was an exceptional year, I when eight and ten tons were obtained, : but this year we shall haIve from five to t eight' tons. On my own farm I think I < shall average seven tone. I am; now ?peak ing of the general run of coast lands, and not of such exceptional districts as the I lMontagu, which is phenomenal for its I potato crops. Last year a settler there showed me a 30-acre paddock, outeof which < he had sold 300 tons at £3 per ton, and had I an ample supply left for the use of his family and for seed. His crop yieldet about 12 tons to the acre." "Why don't they grow w'heat at the Montagu ?" "They cannot grow grain of any kind. It runs up with a stalk 7ft high, and no head in it." " But an agricultural community that I does not grow wheat cannot be pros perous F" "Pardon me, you do not understand a these coast lands. If you could guarantee I £2 10s per ton for potatoes for the next tean years every coast farmer could retire with acompetency, and yet have grown nothing but potatoes." "What? Buy everything else he needed from perhaps foreign producers?" "Yes. He must grow a bit of oats for the sake of the straw, but that is all." " But I have seen it assorted that the standard of prosperity of an agricultural community must be gauged by the amount I of breadstuffs it grows, and' a community t that does not grow wheat enough for its own use must be ' going to the dogs.' Now I I can prove to you by statistics that on i the North-West Coast the acreage under wheat crop is less to-day than it was fifteen or twenty years ago, and if the I theory quoted be true then itis impossible the Coast can be progressing." "Ha! ha! h a Excuse me, but I have ' been a subscriber too long to the paper < you represent not to know you are poking fun, but when you put it that way it sounds funny. I cannot understand the selfish and shortsighted policy of protec-. tion, and I again assert that of we could ensure a wider market and a steady price our farmers need not trouble themselves I about anything but potatoes. Of course there are other lines that are profitable, but that is the main crop." " But if you are going to buy your wheat I and flour you may be purchasing them c from the 'barbario Hindoo' who works for threepence a day." " What has that to do with us, provided we can grow something that pays us better, and enables us to buy from him or the South Australian farmer ? You are quite correct in your assertion that we used to grow more wheat than we do now, but that was because we were fools. We had not then learnt that this ccaat is not suited to wheat culture, that the grain produced is soft, and will only command an inferior price, while the soil and climate are eminently suited for root crops. A foew farmers on the Coast still cling to wheat, but one of the foremost, a resident of the Forth, recently told me he felt it was a mistake, and he should not persevere any longer. look cat---who, when lie came here, set up a flour mill. Why, there was no wheat to keep it going, and it proved a dead loss to him. No, sir, this cOast can raise more of certain products than it can consume, and our nearest and best market is tihe adjacent colonies, where, if we can only get intercolonial free-trade, our superior soil and climate, and the higher yield per acre, will enable us to hold our own against all comers." Here was another impracticable sub ject, and other conversations proved he was better versed in the principles of free- trade than ulyself. On the principle of audil llteraoe parlec, I must record acouple of conversations with protectionistj. The first wanted intercolonial free-trade, and re gretted Melbourne was not as free a port, as Sydney for our staple products. But he had bean misled by " clap trap," and strongly objected to the "barbaric ilindoo" coming here to work" for threepence per day, or to the Chinese immigrating in hordes to oust us from every branch of agricultural or industrial employment. I pointed out that the gentle Hindoo could not work for threepence a day in a land where rice, his staple food, was 5d per lb; that the cli ate would not suit him, that he hid never desired to leave the tropical soil of India, and that if ihe did conie my friend, who had booeen growling at the scanty supply of European farm labour at £1 per week and rations, would promptly engage twenty Hindoos if he could get them for eighteenpenco a week each. I pointed out that tie Chinaman (whom he had seen) was like the Hindoo, funableo to compete on open terms in manual labour with the European, and that if you had to board five Chinamen or Hindoos to do the work of one white man, there was no profit in the transaction. It was, however, useless to argue with him. He had been impressed with the ides that the Hindoos and Chinamen wele coming to Tasmania to oust all white labour, and ruin the farmers, and as he could not dis tinguish between a real ghost and a turnip witll a candle in it, backed up by a white sheet; I' had to leave him unconverted. I obtained, however, a curious glimpse oflthe "bogy "l which was troubling him at another township. In copversation with one of the best knoyn residents of the Coast, for whom personally I entertain a high respect and warm regard, the subject of protection and free-trade cropped up in connection with the then recet, debate between Henry George and Trenwitb (an ex Tasmanian). I was told flatly Iwas utterly mistaken in my views of the real aim and objects of protection. It was in vain I quoted from the writings of all the sup posed apostles of proteotion in Tasmania- I was utterly mistaken. The true aim and objeat of protection-never mind what those ignorant and mlsguided apostles asserted-was the elevation of tihe people, ithe maintenance of the highest poseible physical and moral standard. This could only be obtained by the exclusion of races likely to lower that standard, sucd as tihe "bagbario IHindoo" and the Chinaman, and this was ihe true prilciple and ensunce of protection, never mind what so.called 5protectionists advocated. I chewed this over, and reviewed the writings of Thos. Hogarth, Normau Cameron, "Elector," Sand othere, tihe leading (P) articles of the repeegpde protectionist journal, and other matters, abd caido to the conclusion that this subject was too deep fir pe. T began to appreciate the contention of "A.H).3." that you never know what the principles of I protection really are: it is like hitting a straw man i you knock him down and next minute ?e is up again as lively as ever. There is, however, one matter Iwas'assnired uponi, namely, that the principles of free trade bhave taksen deep root upon tihe N.W. doaast, aipd that tile cnsistent advocacy of SthOElc principles by thDe siuntesflon "sums. iesr for the last half century saa';nPt' ehp ".labour In vain.." 