Miscellaneous. From our latest English tiles to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Queen will -prolong her etay at Balmoral, her physicians, it appears, having insisted upon her avoid ing undue exertion or excitement. Her Majesty looks well and is in excellent spirits, but she ages perceptibly, and is said to be losing something of her old energy. The Princess of Wales, when recently visiting New etead Abbey, Humorously expressed a desire to see tbe ghost which is supposed to have disturbed Byron. While passing through a room the Princess is said to have thrust her parasol into a dark curtained alcove, saying at the same time, ' But I want to see the ghost.' The point of tbe parasol came in contact with a servant maid who had concealed herself to get an undisturbed peep at royalty. Thinking .she had discovered the ghost the ? Princess is said to have sunk screaming into the arms of the Prince, while the domestic, throwing herself be fore the Princesf, piteouely begged her pardon. . An offering from the women of Belgium for their Queen,, to commemorate the 25th anniversary of her husband's accession, and limited to contributions in bronze, amounts to £7000. . The Queen will devote it to aiding workmen who are injured in the course of their labour. The Queen-mother of Spain lives in a homely fashion at San Sebastian. She rises at six o'clock, and never changes her toilet during the rest of the day. She still wears black, relieved with laces or violet ribbon. When dressed she visits the little King's room, who will not permit anyone to attend him but bis old nurse— formerly his wet nurse. The King's behaviour causes bis governess seme trouble. He will insist upon addressing Court dignitaries by their Christian names. 1 The KftWCT Is anxious to Be regarded asthe father of his people. He has asked for a plan of the House in Berlin in which two young ladies and two domestics were burned to death, in order to see whether the firemen could not have entered the building to try and save them. By the sinking of a barge laden with gas-lime near Broxbourne, the rivers Stort and Lsa were poisoned, causing tbe death of thousands of fish. A mill was completely choked by the massing of large quantities of dead fish, tons of which have been used as manure. A manatee or sea-cow, the nearest approach to a mer maid, is now in the Brighton Aquarium. ?- A geal has been shofcjn the Clyde. A 'white blackbird' is to ba seen in a cage at Bledlow, Bucks. London and Manchester are now connected by tele phone. Some natural jste assembled in7 both cities and interchanged views by telephone concerning the growth of plant life in large towns. Music at a London theatre was heard most distinctly in Manchester. Mr. Edison thinks he has hit upon a plan which will enable us to hear sounds in the sun. The Queen, by deputy, stood godmother to a son of a Maori chief, and selected tbe name of Albert Victor. Her Majesty's godson is now working as a common Bailor. An Arab infant has been born in the ** Wild East ' camp Bt the trench Exhibition. A peasant woman, of Brittany, has five children at a birth, all of whom are alive. A Welshman and an Irishman were drinking in a public-house at Connah'e Quay, Flintshire, when the former sold his wife to the latter for Is 9d. The wife, hearing the transaction, slipped out, either in disapproval of the sale, or in order to give her husband tbe opportu nity of netting the money. In Illinois, a daughter, after marrying without her father's consent, went home to ask his forgiveness. Tne enraged father shot his daughter dead, and then com mitted suicide. The husband, entering at that moment, was so horrified that he became insane. A Japanese paper speaks of a native at Bizon, aged 40, who has married and divorce! 35 wives, and is now married to the thirty-sixth. A young man who was to have been married at Leeds has been sentenced to two months' hard labour for stealing the wedding-ring from the would-be-bride, which she had purchased in readiness for the ceremony. After obtaining possession of tho ring he disappeared. A girl 10 years of age, a professional swimmer, was taken to London Bridge by her parents, and from it she was about to dive to advertise herself, when they were arrested. The magistrate, on binding the parents over to keep the peace, said it was incredible that a father and mother were so ready to risk the life of their child. Insurance policies are now issued against loss by theft or robbery, with or without violence or burglary. What appeared to be a case of kleptomania was partly investigated at Bromley. A lady was charged with stealing a coil of telegraph wire which she saw by the roodiide, and prevailed upon some ono to place in her carriage, and with which she drove off. A woman at Siierborae died in a fit after being stung by a wasp. At Totnes a boy fell into a vat of boiling dye and was instantly killed. A young girl, said to have been the victim of over pressure at a Clapham Board school, while walking in ner sleep upset a spirit lamp and was burned to death. The Crystal Palace directors have arranged for the Handel Festival of 1891. Tho rehearsal will be on June 19, and the performances on the 22nd and 24th. Georgiana, Dowager Baroness de Ros, completed her 95th year on Tuesday, Sopteniber 30. It was she, when in her 20th year, who, on the eve of the battle of Waterloo, danced at the historic ball given by her father at Brusee's. At a sale of antique carved oak furniture in Lanca shire, several articles were purchased for the South Kensington ? Museum, including a bedstead which was presented by Henry IV. of France, and dated 1593, which sold tor 340 guineas. Some finely-carved chairs secured prices ranging from eight to 40 guineas. . At an auction sale in London - a choice specimen of tea fetched the astonishingly high price of 30s .(3d tier pound. While excavating near Ilkeston, a workman came upon a clay urn containing hundreds of coins, the dates shoving tnat they must have boon buried about 800 years. The New Tower-bridge, now in course of construc tion across the Thames, will be 2640ft. About 80,000 tons of stone have already been used in the construc tion ef two piers. In the entire construction, in addi tion to stone, concrete, and iron, 31,000,000 bricks will be used. At a conference of Women's Liberal Associations held in Nottingham, a resolution was carried in favour of the opening of museums on Sundays, during the hours which public-houses are open. Ninety public sanitary inspectors viBited the Cre matorium at Woking. The carcase of a sheep was cremated to show the working of the system. It takes an hour to reduce an adult human body lo ashes, which would measure from half to three parts of a gallon. Cremations are on the increase. An art student who has entered South Kensington, having lost both hands by an accident, set himself to overcome the difficulty, and now can draw and point, holding the pencil ana brush ia hie mouth. At Devizes there is an art student who, having lost both hands, paints either by holding the brush in his mouth or between his toes. Out of two millions- of parcels posted in London and its suburbs lost year, only 185 were said to have re ceived damage. A working bricklayer in London has received a legacy, of £200,000 left by a brother. He has handed £30,000 to each of his -five children, one of whom was working as a carman at Chelmsford. A sea captain who died the other day at Crosby, near Maryport, left a carious will. One of hia maidser vants, aged 24,; and who was keeping company with a young man, has been left £40 a year on condition that she remains single; and another domestic a little more advanced in life, has been left £30 a year on the same condition. . St. Paul's Cathedral was the scene of a tragic occur rence on Sunday morning, September 28. During the sermon a man eeated near the entrance to the Whisper ing Gallery produced a revolver and fired two shots into his breast. The preacher paueed, women Ecreamed, and the body was removed to $ne mortuary, where life was found to be extinct. A paper found 'on the body Btated that the man's same was Easton, and that he resided at Fulhain. ' After a pause Prebend-ry Eyton, with-ftll possible coolness, proceeded with his sermon. On two previous occasions men have committed suicide in the cathedral by throwing themselves from the Whispering Gallery. A female miser died in Paris, and her friends cast lots for her furniture. A statuette fell to her daughter, and she was about to dash it to the ground in vexation when bank-notes and securities, valued at £2000, rolled out from the interior. The obituary for the week ending October 2 in cludes :— The Hon. A. J. F- E^erton, Conservative M.P. for South-east Lancashire, aged 36, whose majo rity in 1886 was 292; Mrs. Woodhead, the Mayoress of Chesterfield;. Captain Knollys, a metropolitan chief constable, and brother of the Prince of Wales's secre tary; Mr. Barkly, late Governor of Heligoland, aeed 47; Captain Dixon, of Bath, aged 91, under whose mil the charities of the city will benefit considerably ; the Crown Prince .of Bokhara, who suddenly expired while - viiiting St. Petersburg. ..;-.._ ... - 