FPJRIDAYPJANUARX10, 180f80. Ti near apprach of theaumameet in: of membersof'tlhe rSal nie echauis' institute irresepti' a fitting opiportuniity for sonie refiections of a practcal charac ter as to its progrressinthe 'past, :and its promise f?r tir e e*uti . The insti tute,; rst established =over thirty years ago, under the irdm 'df "The: Sale Literary lAsocirtoin; hiis lhither to done little'more than serve the Ilurpose of a fairly creditablle town library, where. an occasional leisure hour could be plersantly :and profitably, spent by those, having a taste for realing; or books and periodicals, for a small quar terly fee could be borrowed from its - shelves and taken to the home. The inner sanctum of the establishment contains a case of mineral and geologi cal specimnens,some useful geographical and other maps, and papers of a ralu able character on various suljects of common interest issued by the Royal Society of Victoria. There have been occasionally, but at intervals few inld far between, lectures in the miore ele mentaryj bi'anches of science, but up till within the last few months tech nology, or industrial instruction in any form, has found no place in the curricu lumn, if we rmay aptly use tile term, of the Sale mechanics' institute. The present year, however,, will see all this altered, and altered too in a directioi' which will make the institute an in valuable educating medium, a veritable school of art and idu!lstry plai ofrcourse the library and all the other attractions it at present lMsesoses, with the addi tibnr of a counrtnodliols and handsomen building. with every necessary appli ance to give it fronat rank among the very best of the existing institutions inr the colony. Tile roll of members attend ing the classe alreadly itlbers over one hundred antd fifty, and this nutltmber will probably be doubled at least by the end of the present year, when work at the newly completed itilding will he in full operation. The present rate of income fr-om fees is about twb hundred and thirty-five pounds a year. and when the income from the art school classes shall have reaiched fiv hundred i year, the committee of manargeuent ?will: .e in a position to offer edtceatioial ad vantages to art students of a high order, possibly equal to any obtainable outside the metropdolis of tile colony. Thus far sin:e tiheir:introdutction tihe measure of public support arccorded to the Art School.classes leaves no cause of complaint. But there is room, un happily too much room, for the diisplay of a larger interest iii`th'e affairs of the institute by-the publlie generally, and with the members fee at the very laoderate figre of..five ahiillirgs a' qnarter, for which anyone may ltuve f access to the daily metropolitan2 and provincial papers and the .princiral English periodicals and the use of the I library as well, there is no reason at I all why the present income from mem hers subscriptions should notbe doubled, or even trebled. Probably a chief cause of the want of support hitherto t accorded to the Sale mechanics' insti tute ly the townspeople hns been the unsuitability of the locality, but this draivback will soon be remedied, for the contractor for the. erection of the new building in York-street break I ground to-day in compliance with the d terms of his contract, and he has to de liver over the building finished in six c months. Of the advantages to be l realped bythle community possessing an institute capable of affording facilities for practical instruction to its youth in a constructive and mechanical industries;, it-were-idle to speak-they are self- h evident to the most ordlinary mind. Let it be remembered that a prIoperly scaled drawing of any required piece of I mechanism conlveys at once to the eye I of tihe inodeller or mtecwanic all that a properly drawn" map dtloes to the geognrapher; and, indeed, a mere rude a sketceh will often convey to the ninder- h standing of the pupil what whole pages of writtendescription would fail to ac complish. It is, among other scarcely less valuable, instruction of this charao ter under skilled and competent teachers ' thit ttheSale people are now. asked to ii sho?, tlieir appreciation of. This they s amn do by joining the members' roll of the mechanics' institute, and putting in a good apieairance at the forthconing Il gneae1~aeetjng, -- As an afilia?,d edi'- ' dtiouni i adjtinct of our 'State school esthiblisliments, schools for induistrial j instruction are no?s beitng liberally sip- I .ported by tile ,Government, : and-; we believe their ultimatev?alte and useful nese-to-the-ttutiuaaetrlage-will-only le c litisited by the support and countenance e the-public- give them. Says--a well known friend of iidustrial instrtc(lion? 'SOcds i' itntittions"give tlhe pjrent anopportuuity of testing the latent a ability: of his child;: and 'selecting for v hlil6ofterin a itgytllitficult tisk--a I riut?ile', tre, ori:occupation. And I am satisfied,that; as in nature there is a- soil -anti climate suitable -for every g iilant so ,it the se?rld of indtistrv there t isa placefor ecr?y worker if we couldl but find it out; and these Schools of -Desigracts-a-sort-of--trial- or con vincing ground'-to enable us to do so." p ;N61Fietter'ieply is needed to?those'who ° are repeatedly stating that Sale is going back than is to-be found in the annual balance sheetof tie borough of Sale, .nhichl was received and idopted at the meeting of I the c ani:il lut night. Tile increase in the borough's reveene on the previous year amountedl tone less a sim than £1702 17a 9d, S or nearly 20 per ceht.- .. ' I.. .,'A iicouoia-it illi be payable at" the Maffra t receipt asitpay n llfet-ditdy forr J Shingles: P .and at the Stratonrd office for J. Gladstone acid J. Connolly.' There-rese -alkb ac?ou.tsi lying at the:Sale office, payable to-mo, row;, for J. Akeroyd, E. Butler. II. Bushe, ': P Cain,-A. .GChubb, Clues and Pim, W. W\V Howard..-M..-Kennedy. 1; .Law.:,1- IV. I,'Bratney, A. M1'Hutchison,G. Pentland, G. Poole anm,G. Traill. i -,Residents of Sale and district will lie pleased tleacn that.therailway dl p rtmnent have called for tenders for the construction of the line of railway- from the Sale main' line to the canaL Tenders are returnable on Monday, 3rd Febrnary. t At the borough councilmeeting, last night Mr C. It. Gogbegan, town clerk. appliedt for and obtained one month's leave It alhs?lee. Mr G. C. Mile, who is without dohlt one of the foremost Shakespetiau actdrs and scholars of the present day, appeared at the Victoria Hall last night before ,in audience nwhich was anything but con mensurate with the merits of the per formanee. This, however, may he partly accounted for by the extreminly close and oppressive nature of the weather. . Mr liln'a performance throughout was an intel- e lectual treat of a very high order. His selections from Hamlet, a character which t he hlas played some 830 times, were giveni With a degree of dramatic power whisch miarked him as an actor of exceptional -abitli Tire -Ts - firstcesngivena s-wa et be tweeun Hllttiet and the ghost in tile lirst act, endling with thle speechl commencing, "Rest, rest perturbed spirit." This was followed by the play scene in the thiredant, the cii cludlin ilues " Why, let the stricken tletr go weep," were given with suhli tragic: force that Mr Jliln was rewarded with loud and long sustainedl pplaiue. The grave yardseene was also well rendlered.t The Fortnts scene i from "Julius Cedesar," antl Mercutio's Dream froim " Romeo and Jaliet," concludtl the Shakesperian' selctions, and in each of themtI Mr Miln was loudly applauded. The per formante concluded with a reading- ft om Chirles lDickens'interestiig and pathetic, story'of a " Christmas Carol." The Rev. A. J. Wade, Preliyter?iin minis. ter at Rosedale, met with an accident on Monday last. W'hile riding between his house andi the railhay station his hIorse ran againast a tree, with tile result thai the rev. gentleman received a severe cut on the heail aiI narrowly eselapied ~dieiijal;n' of thie braint. i . For some time past the residents along thld Briagolong railway line have been complain ing of the inconvenient train service with ale. A p?tblic mrieting was held last week at Briagolongi in the local mechlsicus' insti tute, and afresolution was passedl affirmingi the desirability of dlirecet communication with Sale by tile morning trains (6.:13 a.m.) fromtrni ngoloung teitngietLjhn rtgiJ Malira and StbrtforL to Sale sial back to Briagon. long, withl a eimtlhilf rangement on Satur lday afternoon. The followring was thise reso Iltion carried :--Prop~ose, hy .Mr WVFJurbcs, andti seconded by Mr Lamb, "Tha' tVhe in hIabitants of BIriagolong are of opinilon that the elfficiency tiand oseflness of our ralilway line'wonul be greatly enhdnfed Iy Juintning our morning trains (i6.3i. a.m.) from i1affra into Stratford antd Sale, with a sinilar run .itathe afternootn (3.30 p.m.). 1?-ti iiet; on Sutardlays." Itwa; duecided to soee the'co operation of the Sale borough coneilt and tile $ale commercial assaciatioi' ins the matter. The time for holding the Salaoinno'. swimming matches is steadlily apprbaehing, and theprelititinary meetincin connection Itherewithl is convenedl for Tuesday evening next at the Royal Exchange Hotel. 'A cer tain section of the public haves.ntneten! so liberal in their isupport towaads t? m nist dleservirig instititation fot tht past swo; or thlree years, which' is ierhalis attrilbut.able to the fact that the competitions have per force been held at rather ahi ineonr tient dlistince from the: towo Spenial. itiea are now presentid for earyiog %nt the matches right in tlhd town-either at the corporation baths, or at the tinislhed por tSon of tie canal, at tie southend of at .y mtondnstreet. That' thes ,antitil fitesta idleserve the'assistance of the'townspltdple is beyonld question: as, ift aniythi i ee en couragement is offered in the way of prize., ant indicement is given to tile more youth fal, section of the ,TesidentI -to viena iraast eacl other, f or. snpremacy, and thiss fattain profiieny in t!e vlery nseful art of swhim ming. It is to be hoped that there-will he a large attendance at Tuesday night's.mee. in, and lthat t he 180 saimming moatchesl will he made a greater sccess than ever: lMrJolhn:Monie, .who was oie of theicos trantors for thie Sale and Stratford railway line, died at.thee residence of his father-in-' I wi Mr Jonas Cone, Surrey Hills, oa,Tues day last. Tle ldeceased had a railqy con tract in the Kilmonre dhiriotl, thtltime of ibi'fdnltbi rlilfeh uoiiIhi isn elrl age of 32 years. Although he had been ailing for some little time, his demise was not exph~tie.7,rhe-dtl s) l[[BI a brother to Mr Daniel lonie, of hs efirm of ihMattinson antl M.1oie, antractorp for the Salacanal. : MIr Cotton,; who some years ago miae himself 'cry popularin Sale, where he ia acting asmtat1inmaster, ,ill retife frea hi departnmeni n April after ,'ervice of 30 A very 'ranable na id.in'tiructive lecture on symbolic masonry was delivered by P.M. I Bro. Steane, of Geelong, at the Rosedale I ngoo tnad tnla ? e° e ren, itieliidiug a few .visitors., lReret, was expressed at the absence of any visiting master, as owing to the absence of the master of the lodge, who t was irrTasmania i was hoped-that a master t front one of the easier nldgai would have c been present to preside. Underthe unavoid able circumstances the lodge was ruled by t the Senior-Warden, Bro. Da Vh., ' 'he t lecturer occupied about two hours in Hilstdis course,' which was. attentively listened to a throughout and muchll'appl;$nded. At its a conclusion, there being a number of young masons present, the lecturer took the oppor, tunity of. drawing their attention-.to the f miany little 'filutit e nthich'c htrlbautd to make the work of a lodge perfect, a kindness f which was much appreci'ted by the brethren The gnstpnager, Mr tbhories Given, ten dered his 'esdgotin &.tFo?l ale borough council last night. He expressed himself + grateful for the manner ii which'the council t hdu treated him, but lie found that he' was unable to carry out the duties appertaning t to his office. h The members of the Stratford progress s association should not forget that' the half- a yearly meethig will take place -in!:the Bhir r hall at half-past seven o'clock this evening. ii Th'e btiutriesi ti IwliedQ lt with at the meelting of tile Longford? railway leaire, announced to, be held at. Killeen's osngfordl b Hotel, at 8 o'cloc? this eveiing. is of a l. i b. portant nature, and it is to be hoped that as h 'm ny as.can possibly do so will.be in attelnd alice. d The ordinary meeting of the Sale branch i of the Australian nettes' assgeiptiufwill be The Sale commercial association monthly d meeting takes place this evening at the Gippsland mining exchange, Foster-street. At the Sale police court on Wednesday, before His Worship the Mayor, Henry Chapman aged 15 years, was charged with breaking into Williams' store in Raymond-street, and stealing therefrom on Sunday, the 29th of December; while his companion Francis Ridd, 12 years, was charged with larceny. On the application of Sergeant McGann both boys were remanded to appear at the police court to-day. In addition to the two lads named George Ridd, 15 years, and brother to Francis Ridd ; Richard McCole, 14 years ; John Parks. 12 years, and James Buckle, 14 years, will be brought up at the same time on similar charges. The premises which these had ............to have turned their attention to were Messrs Chavase and Co's. Feitchnifeld Bros. and Williams The annual picnic in connection with the day afternoon. There was a large attend. ance of scholars, parents and friends, and a very enjoyable time wasspent. A plenti ful spplyolefresl(rent-.pi provided by h the ladies, aihn games and amusements of all n yj·wjm ? a? rxneW t, rh o f meutof a gathering took place in the schoolroom, in C which 'a Christlnis tree had been erected. From this, gifsj were distrilbuted to the t, children. who'l"were' delighted with their presents. A miscellaneous concert pro gramme was also 'gohe through, the whole penrfsoranse being of.a most pleasing de scriptsimi; oThe lice. {?"7 M i `t A., 'occupiedi the' chair, in li's usual happy At a meeting of the committee of the Bairnital schooliof mines, held on-Tufday M last, applications were reeceived for positions b of teachers in the school. Mr W. Watson a was appointed shorthand teacher; Mr W. Seehusen, freehand drawing and painting s master; .afr T. 31'Gat, jinstructor of t! telegrap?s'y a. iidirU: Gardiner teacher of d photography.., The fees,, tor b?i:l;grged ' students per quarter were (says thla l Ad. vertiser") ixecl as follows :-Algebra, 5 ; p geometry, as ; English, gratnmor t n I comn- i, positioni. s ; bIolkeeping. his; shorltha;i I. p 1)s ,1G ; theoretical, mech rties, ,[04. iGd; i; applied mechanoics, :29; practical plane a geometry and mee antical duawiing,.- Is; i photography, 10, 61 ; aochiteetaral model. - ling. l0s' GI; teachers classt, 10s 6,1 i; sur. veying and levelling, 21s ; telecraphy, 10s c 64l; geology andl mineralogy, 2Is; cheolis -.rga ,-al- ,mctillnrgyr.ll i ,?,,ricult ral a htn-nstrpY,"Om lr- ;,feeasind hra?itwg anda painting, 10+l 6l. The. hnkelerk, Eu stce Webb, w jtshot hiituelf on ,rlon ay at his ltdging? i asn Melotuiinr. died ili the M ,lbourine hlospiteal on T'uesday from the etfects of.b his in juries. a The climate and soil ol Victoria havebeeI found adapted to the growth ofjyetanother new plant of conlmercial valtle. At the o recent u tional show held at Traralgon, c specimons, produced ian this district;; were i exhiltit.d of the pyethrum, from which plant b is obtained the Persian powder, which forms p the hsjssiafimi.? als a~d a~ insect de- 1l stroyinig preparation"r The p?laut appears t to he easy of ellltiva 1 llnu the n:olomn and the industry of growing it may hedeedoped into a profitable ocuption." Evidenceass to the manner of cultivating the plant. and the uses to which it may be put wil (Gays the .' oepuing Stanndard"), hebryuglm beforethe t Vegett,ile Products Commiasiou at its next meeting. .,'15 .'.", t. Mr E. Dunn, gelogist, has been commis- ioned bytheMinister of Mines to make a report on the Devoniann formations found be- tween the beds of the Avon and Mitchell rivers, in North Gippsland. A good deal of gold has been obtained from the alluvial diggings at Gladstone and Freestone Creek, but as there are no apparent reefs, the source of the metal is involved in some, mystery. But it is thought probable it may have been derived from the Devonian formations,' though in other parts of the colony similar formations have not been found to be gold bearing. Mr Dunn's investigations are under- taken with a view to discovering whether, this supposition is correct and if so whether alluvial gold mining in the localities named and which are now considered worked out is capable of further development and extension. :i.,.Th upvt.nlevtipgfo tThqQipp?elPdlanni- 1 cipalgissjpiation:wjl(. he-loeh4 isy1aimrealale on the 22nd ijunt.,:-when aniamblire;ol inatters of ititereto thile proince will come up for on the sulject, r !H. Fos?terMn lit;; has beenifsofrne that in the: hI for tendersa for th nmail seret fort ne?xtre? ears, froni .t 'ttiJ 'it'" . onsed ere 3itilhecldale fr,'n Ferbant reilwaa ontis in lieanof tliit"Datgorlii'i iddel"th l of such service be reasonable in mintihi't." Juvenile pnilsts are beginning to ex hih~ tlqnse-' W Sqi "I.ednesday evening, a 't..set to".h betwecn a couple of ap prentice Ihys took'plice 'in tle Friendly Societies' reserve. One .of the: las was aquerely k~oakeal aibot..aacin?,sraiaed a Iy the buckle of a itrap which li isa dpponent was wearing on the wrist."' Both laib were tals·o dns?lerablhtbruired.. ~berimlice did not happen-to be present .on this, occasi n. Frtm tile bsiless spaper for the nextt I irieting if tlitoGippolad4 m'niidl esLici-? tion, we taket-the, foowin?g notices of tmotion :--1. By Shire of Narraeca : "That provision he made in the new Local Govern menot Bill for the rendering o mpeteo t of all shire comncillors'to witnesa Iegol-fi .an, Sdocmiieumi, 'aid to perform:d t es reladng t justices of the peace, excepting in the dis pensation of justice." 2. By Shire of N~pr mracan : !'That a differentiil'hriis he adopted I for shire ansessmeoit as follows:--Ist. That Sfor all rilMdenCior.pidioi'iivs improvement estates the basis should be 5 per cent on the natural-valie 'of the land.' :2nd. Tha 'all non.reaide'it:nor' son-progressive lands lie assessed on a 74rper- cent. valuation. 3rd. s That thd tta?it'in ofthe'.Hlonitfib'liBiihter Sof Puiblic lV Wdks lie 'quaesdtd 'lid thadrgent necessity for consolilating and simnplyfying thi(?';ws irelatingi to Lsiallh"ICvernmet. 4th: That tile hoo. the Chibf Sevretarybe t requested to take early measures for con. r solidating anil simptyfying -thes?Mon erpun ettuate 'reaulating ths lithliuo Health.:'5th a That steps bstakeato'ialsloa the BailUwr Department:to Irrsly mietal and gIlrel at Sreduced ratez in ioderi?h a t?iahire-inte-, Sresei thereea may be 'enabled kImai~j better and cheaper rad.' i. u ?i:.': : " tchs e 4to·ragm aof b , ,atrii 'irm I'in' ttidi t tt hi b4th c yi"? f not be of a costly chlirr*ter. Mr DlaW e anxious.to ascerTiliit?-th m? t efihent ndn g yet tte 'ieost dimplet ohnt~vau~e' Ts this , pfdr me,': hie 9bje9_t " 'bvli to!:WibHiC time •lu butter ,faetorivi imdlnr to be word * utite'thls sianstildveitageouae i'.htitidns' in the 'hot' weatise. Thasis& lhon iat"iand to he e ompete for 'thIpsdre' ilog 'lowh]si to I erect the chamb'iii'oi 'i rtf lb.6 n iony )I|be almoi ?' A party of tourists, including several ladies, have returned from a trip to Mount Hotham, near Bright, having camped out on ith tso 4 e1/i t A ustraiariauscisni; ce As-' sociaatio 'l all1in.party ill campr next week. They brought some snow down with them, and report, says the "Arguson that there is a large patch of snow several feet in thickness within a short distance of the camp. { . The charge of criminal assault against three young men, employed as narries on the Neerim railway line, was heard on Wed. nesday at the Warragul !curt of 'Pety Ses sions, before Messrs Hare, P.\I., Connor and Brow. , Louisa Shannon, the prosecu trig , n?sl.shbjected to a severe croes-examni natioh Irby r Daiiel Hilkie, whor appeared for the prisoners, awnl her evidlnc. was con siderahly shaken. At, the clue of thie cse for the Crown, the h.neh di.misaed the in formattiorTA GJO , As instancing how tire may sometimes Start?,(a crrapenlodet of tlr! ' Spectator." otsig frglm Blunlralagah, mentions that, -,ht, ntl ithe tllderdtrsa whicli.otnrred on the evening of the 2nd inst.. a tree in the Powerscourt Qua', ry paddock was struck by the lightning and caught fire.' Luckily, a however, it was seen by. Mr Falls (near 9 whose fence the tree stood) who imnedi-. ately sent word over to Mr Mortimer. { fti hyrsq down, .the jocceceded dur- I iig the next day, by carting water to the ( spot, in thoroughly quenching the fire. It was indeed fortunate that the grass had been rendered damp' by' the showers that had fallen, as else all efforts to prevent a fire womld prom ly hYrtbeen useles;a The Government are now considering the desirability of making arrangements to seud consignments of potatoes to the London marker, as has been done with fruit and dairy produce. .. The heat time for exporting dairyploduce to~England isin the month of Decemtber,: and 0for fruit in February and Mardi. The proposal is that potatoes should be exported between these times. They can be kept in good order on the voyage, i4is $.?ted at the temperature re quiret for fruit, ?ic., 40deg. Fahr. In the mouths of January and February potatoes in London realise from £20 to £30 a ton wholesale,and t can be placed in-tin ship he'r~aesdy 4for xp,,tiat the rate of £3 15s a tanladarle ifitt'should be mardin an exfrat iitrde vsth li"?n~and, even after paying £3 or £4 a ton as freight. S)r,lerriu, Conservator of Forests, in re 'ferrinig to some of our forest reserves, and thefattce pb Inaile tpthrow, theam atpen for.. seletdiol s Jaamtldthai ti he 6 ro a eeerwe. Moant oIt1?J ikeneaa iontes,- ithti itis.' land, is just such a place as should be reserved in the interests of the gene ral public for climatic reasons, as well :as ::for thll ntural:: beauty of the' sur roundings. Yet demands were recently madethat this should be thrown open. Mr Perin mentions this o a an instance of the practical difficulties in the way of forest conservation, and says ltt ant il athorough going ameitdment of the Forest Lands Act has been passed by Parliainent his efforts must necessarily be hampered. At the in. stance of the Feld Naturalists' Society, a reserve has been secured at Cabbage Tree Creek; near Qlbst. t fr Perifiis states that 180,000 tnses (aere planted ast year in. Vic-. toria,'and 25.000 will. bedplauted this year. The chief inspector of stock of New South Wales has?'irected attentioh to a report that the microbe of pleuro-pneumonia his been discovered by a French scientist. and 1 e taes hat jffihe reporkis confirmed the discovery' wil(roe of 'the g'reate"t' im purtance to stockowners in the colonies, as not only will the present difficulty in the way of procuring pure virus for inoculation be removed, but an ample supply would always be aviilabled for the inoculation of cattle before putting them on the road. If systematic inoculation were carried out there would in a few years be little of the disease in the colonies. He suggests that 'Dr. Wilkinson, formerly a member of the Rabbit Commission, who is about to visit EInrope, should be cmnnisaioned to inquire into thi i iitecr~ and, als .erde.4-vour,, if possil e. tdwrrtuge riti 'M. Pnsteib fei the inoculstlon'o' t6cf ii'the coldniet Ag'ain-t authrax. T're Government ark unowur cun chargedtby Detectives \'itney and O'Donnell -witn ha vigpepe tratedthe bhrelalt yountra'ge at o-th Melb wurn' ' he othermorning. when a young m an named tl indcoer was stabbed in several p aces whilst he was struggling with amn whom he had detected endeavour lsogto leci t hsa e p4re ee n, oha4-j night, for being illrgilly on the preimish? of ,he Horticultural-hall. Rltssell.street north, and was at the City wsatchhouse early on \Vedr:esday morning, when the detectives, struck by his simijlarity with the description of the per stratgr if the North Melourne crime, nmardiinquiry, abd hsa was aftersnatls identified by the victim and two other mem bers of the househohl. He was then charged rull'Hr .crime, arta will be tried for itin S e a ttusiastice-ub meetag' was held in the town-hall, Sydney, on Mon day night, which passed a resolution affirm ing tlit rmlirs?bIpsse of ersebnx a :moan-. meat to' Wrld.~ ~h~rIte elinsdpiild 'sculler. at the Brothers Rock, ,.siy h marks the finish of the chamFionshs ?courns on' the Parramatta River. An influential com mittee was appointed to collect nhbscrip tiopsnna upwar of £100 was colected at The inquest on the bodies of Nathaniel Cook and Susan Hogan, who were killed by the collapse of the Voluntper Artillefy Hotel. Syrdney, on Friday lnt rpIlt l?i eerict of accidlentall death lea?lIgii?errl?'imvith a rider that the ihon?e hving been condemned 'o atten tig to such matters had been guilty of great negligence in not seeing that the orders were. carried os t' At a meeting of the City Improvenment Board held on Tuesday, it was denied that the building hat ever been Irrought iuder tie notice of jItile ciac : ties .,lr the powers conferred by the City Impr.verient Act. The buiildinlg after beingcnkki?hh was renovated, and the notice to vacate won aUowved t expire. An order was mnade for thie immerliate removal of the ruiins. The cou idt'a bourne, with several wounds in tIhe neck, self-deskruction. The deceased, who was in the emrploy of Mleasrs Fry and Co., Nat halia, got wrong in his accounts hi June tion.. -io li3e.) de ofah;l hen draok result, tshat,.lfelf? me £8,3 of hlipem. ployers anone K 'iowiig tihat the ddfalca tiops onold.n diihbvreed at the begirming of :thc& yea-"wli'ilie. 'books would be audited he evidently bme' 'm frightened, andyk t?tMql~ GttGffic ltcioubles in l.rju'-rfeirnhihetd sno freely. however, thtlatbigot'deliri¶ k f'.timenais, ant after los iag money at the racees",i New Year's Day, comnmittid suicide. The rather extraordi nary wounds on the neck are explained ty the e.en0w of rg ujno qn, a frinid of the deearsi tOl? ?.th llt nt8 inleon versa. ion0 ithte lecesed, 0 o the 1 uicide ofaman Sho?ayhlys throatsgil ai~d-tiue ghdrmen tioned that ?enow e-male a mistake when they eubffmeih-thrnot -inih? ifont, and they shorid hold their henadr down and cut it on telts reil eQ(0 bT . u .3 The Conservatorpfn o'retahas adopterd a new mrittiol ?- trhid't~ ieeitiion of fires in S ? ? ?91?s .t. e creation of"wlrat isn known a, "fire belts" 40 feet witlea!p f?o.snl r tapia-miles long. The helts are made simply by hurning the under 'ifl' foh trS *idlh'lafed','therebyrerider. ing~itmponaible for fire to travel any dis t·ance.- .By-aaoinng;- s-number of belts troug a fortnis the Juamnige"that might be m.I?onjsoyhl lbe wo-suedt?.' stnsh! pace. in the Ballarat and Cresawick State forests, l ?i. hb'pt4 igt j ecadldWi iii prreventing the wholesale destrnoetioa f"tlinber b" fire urig thy recent warnl weather;. 'A plan is now iuj.acrried out.i connectioa with "hd 'Gider, bdlarma?, ?_oi Yielimis State forests, and i? ts pron¥qed to eatendl it to thii helu45.ft? tItiberi'ihdee tiniSn unrder the lioi tilofthdepairnent, the aggregate area being about 4.000,000 acres.: It' the lattioa ot E tpe~lcan at the dqpartmeat to "requestant tlhe to burn off tle grans on the aadasr their juriictionu. u it i a 'g t . i? t i Vdh'ger'tthe adjirinnng cropn soduianmanih trwmen ni.ti?tJohn Hamer Sand 'etir -.Giile, wer convicten d of an assault on a nmar-named Willilm Hughesn I describel as a refainored crimbial. The i :priduenmsei u rii?iacekld to ndi m year'. impriseome t .abJbiaigbses diedon Dmem* ber 21st. in the .Melbourne Hospital from frim the injuries received and an inquest was held on Tnesday, with the result that .HBaer anil ?I'COinler were fonad guilty of wilfil murder. -The Coroner in summing up said that for some reason or other, belev ing apparently that deceased was "put. ting them away." a number of these people got a;down, on .the .dceased, assaulted him in Little B6nrket streets and suhle gqently in Little Lonsdale street. The prisoners were parties in the assault, and .one of them used a olung shot. Hughes wa, taken to the ho-pital, andn these two min, namong others, here awrested, Hamer and M'Gilley being convicted of the a-sanlt The wonnl in Hughes's lheadr never beeam asny bet'er, ahsces on the brain fo tn d, a,, thin man died. If the wound on the h ad w., ca se edl by the prisoners then they wre go Ity. since there w s nn evidence t - show thlet he. deceasedn had tetired any other injuiry ~If iii pnirs?ine of a felony these men struck the deceased on the- head with a weipon and eanised his death then they were guilty of murder. Priionerd'wer?conm. mitted for trial. A number of the residents of Lucknow are anxious that the name of their locality should be altered to East Bairnsdale. A good deal of feeling exists in connection with the matter. and under the heading of "Dis graceful Rowdyism,' the " B. and B. News" gives the following account of a ar.eeting held oni Tuesday evening last. The "News" says -" A public meeting convened by Mir Kelly, of Lurknow, in response to a requisition of 31 ratepayers, was held on Tuesday even. ing in the Lucknow. public hall to consider 'the advisability of changing the name of Lucknow to East Bairnsdale. The chair was occupied by Mr Andrew Kelly, and there were nearly 100 persons present. The meeting was inclined to be a very disorderly one, owing to the presence of a number of young roughs who congregated near the dloor of the hall and created a good deal of uprotr at tims. rhe meeting was dis tinctly an anti-East Bairnsdale one, and it was p'ainly evidenced from' the beginning that no' change ivould be tilerated. Mr Slater moved, and tir Seehnsen seconded, that the mortion passed at the last public meeting heldl at Lucknow in which he favored tie rotention of the old name of Luaknow thoull be rescinded, 'and that the name of East BaimrnsIle he substitited. The opinion of the meeting was taken by ballot, and re sulted in 20 votes for the old name of Luck now, and 17 for the change of name. The result of the poll was received with loud cheering; .ad asetdine of dise iaiful hooting and yelling .took `place oai the break up of the'lneting ,Mf Kelly, the convener ani a supporter of the change of name, being gro-sly anathematised, together with others. No police were present, a fact which further demonstrates the urgent necessity for greater police supervision in the locality. The meeting which was characterisedl by so discredlitable a termination was frequently disturbed Iy interruptions, at times ap prosiching to uproar." Feilchenfeld Bros., Cosmopolitan House, Raymond:street. The largest gentlemen's Outfitting Emporium in Sale. A capital Sah Suit to measure;for £2 10s.--[ADvr. Tar. FOLLOwlSa!N P.?1?E orF DiRArPE FOR 20S AT LESLIe AND o'as. SALE :- pair Women's Sewn Cashmere House Boots, I Lady's Straw Hat fashionably trimmed, 1 White honeycombed Quilt, 1 Coloured Damask Table Cover, 12 yards of Print. guaranteed fast colour,- 12 yards Wet.Wove Calico, I pair Ladies' Gloves, 2 dozen But. tons to match print, 1 inside Door Mat, I dozen Mohair Boot Laces, 45 inches long, 6 yards H,,lland, 2 Gents.' Fashionable Ties. I dozen White Honeycomb Towels, : pair Womens' Hose. ! To be well diesned is to have mounted the first step in the ladder of succes'. Send for patterns of choice woullens an I sef-measture ment instructions to Lincoln Stuart and Co. (Limited). 238 Flinders-street, Melbourne. They will send them to you post flee ; they have the largest Tailoring Establishment in the City. A carit l business suit to measure fr'42ý. " Gont DMo.'is! Have you used Pne i~s' Snalp or Toilet and Nursery-, especially pre pared for the delicate skin of Ladies and Chil d lreve and othert, senaitie"to tnhe weather. Winter and Summer. Scented Tablets Is each, smaller (unscented) i. 