MISCELLANEOUS READINGS. SIB WAXTEB SCOTT said that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. THE JOHNS OP Hisronr.—It is remarkable that many 0f the historieal persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in their lives or in their deaths. England has had but a single King John, and he was one ot the meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. John Baliol sometime -King of Scotland, was just as poor spirited and contemptible. Of the twenty-three Popes John, three died in jail; two were murdured; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Or the seven Emperors of the East (Constantinople) called John, one was-poisonedanother blinded; a third was monarch in name only; and a fourth gave up the throne owing to his worries. Plenty of other instances could be quoted to show that this name, in connection with royal power, has been singularly unhappy for many of the wearers of it. EFFECT OP A WEIZ-TOLD TATE ON A CHXUJ'3 SjiSTSiBixtTiES.—Nothing appeals ^o^y to the imagination, the sensifcilifcieSj the moral nature of a child, as weTHoId tale. They rebel against what is • I v « *—_ ing* but uuii the vub greatest rebel of them all will yield to the softening influences of a tale that carries W 1 i h - iL Is not tbat enough? th - e story does more. It broadens tSeir views, cultivates their finer feelings, destroys selfishness, teaches them to appreciate their iMauuas relations witii with, others, and planes f. own tfie rough places that would fill their ^ves "mtii friction. This much it does to tne m morally. -A young mind must hare recreation as well as a young bodv The story brightens and refreshes it, brushes aw a y the cobwebs that will gather even at a tender age, and fits it to return with new Sf?"^/^ serious work. More than tUa t > " adds to the child's information by acquainting him or her with certain phases H 6 maaJe ' l 's and customs that are not taught by mere history. By all means, ' t^e children read stories. S S M S a ^ S S S S K S S S yeast-making, butter-making—all are gone. _ Send after them—or rather say that organised industry is already taking along " V71tb these—'the remaining work of cooking and cleaning. This state of things w c ° mjn S ^ sure as fate, and when itcomes the deliverance will be so great that geneaf a ons r yet unborn shall rise up to bless the workings of this heneficient law. The city of the future will not build 'houses in squares, giving to every house an individual kitchen and prison-like back yard It will rather build them all around an open quare, and the part now disfigured with the ^tchen Intrnon nn'll will lift be given over for r a 1 household . ~ itting-room or nursery, opening into a reat, green space, where children shall P. la y m safety and through which the free the houses l 6h T U blow ^ ^ Z T ^ J L square will be scie tlfi p i c a c o d ™ + • ^ ? «>lly constructed building containing a laundry and a great Mtche? ® u PP", ed ^J™ ? ver y modern appliance for ekilled and scientific cookery, and also for sending into eveiy dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. The individualitv of -the thfi hnme home and nn/i «.«» the home table duality will be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all be banished. ttL fe^S, ^ ^ deeifcM system of notation, another svstem, ttie sexagesimal, which counted by sixties. Why that number should have been chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well for the practical sense of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no number which has so many <JJ.VIC.UI-B divisors as sixty. sixty, The xne Babylonian uaby Ionian w a y reckoning time was carried along on on the quiet auip.t stream rhnun of nf traditional knowledge through the middle ages, and, strange to say, it sailed down safely over the the French Revolution. For the French, when revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and subjecting all to the decimal system of reckoning, were induced by some unexplained motive to respect our clocks and watches, and allowed our dials to remain sexagesimal that is, Babylonian, each hour consisting of sixty minutes. Here you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how what we call knowledge is the result of an unbroken tradition of a teaching descending from father "to son. SAFETY IS CONSULTED.—The lift, or elevator, in German houses is not 'displayed ostentatiously. It is behind iron doors, to be detected only by inspection, and is moved by clanking chains. The deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing characteristic. Tou stand in the great hall of ttie notel and silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of fame. Presently, from the unknown intenOT, iron doors fly open, and a soldierlylooking servant, with brass buttons on his cap, preoccupied with his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty The doors clang as they swing, and the lift is there, rather primitive, but elaborate in construction. Perhaps there may he five passengers ready to get aboard. When four have taken positions, the master of the elevator waves the fifth backward with the awful air of authority, and, if the rejected one is an American urgent to go up at once, he is told peremptorily that there are places " only for four." The iron doors are banged, the engines heave, and the massive machine moves. Safety is consulted! Here is a masterly mechanism that might swin<* a pair, of elephants of the size of Jumbo" but an attempt to lift at once more than four persons would be regarded as an affront to the empire. Hie thing's impossible o r CAHE OF'THE FINGER NAILS.—If carefully attended to, the delicate half moon of the finger nail will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, will grow to be very beautiful. Many people think that pushing the skin back from the nail ,will show it more, and by this practice the delicate hem, as we call it, which holds the upper and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and the ends of the fingers have an ugly, yellow growth encircling the nail instead of the delicate framework which nature intended. Then the way in which the nail is cut can totally change the shape of the fingers. By cutting the nails close at the sides and keeping the comers from adhering to the skin, hang-nails can be avoided. Where the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary, and the nails should never be polished except when some oily substance is used beside the powder. This keeps the nails more pliable, and no matter how thin they are, if properly-treated, they are no more liable to break than richer onw. Another thing that is bad for the nails is polishing them too rouglily, They should be lightly touched and not rubbed until they become heated. This is one cause of wbite spots coming on the nail and marring its beauty. LIFE IN LABEADOB.—The number of stockings worn by the people is often astounding. ™ undu3 g-. Four, ??> five, and sometimes a half ozen are . used inside — their sealskin octuiaiuii boots. uuutiai There is nothing striking about the dress of the few white women save that they remind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts of the women of Irish Connemara. But the Indian women of the south and the Eskimo women of the north are wonderfully apparelled. Anything they can get their hands upon possessing gorgeous colour is decoratl01 f - 1 - They almost equal women in this respect. Perhaps this is more noticeable among the women trZIll^ZT^^eteSof A t t „„,.„u.. • 7 uress _ or > ne latter usually consists of huge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering the whole person from the neck to the knees s trimmed with white fur, a cap enveloping the entire head, and a sort of baggy cape or ood "hanging down the back, in which g their fat little babies, are carried. Only mong the half-breed women are there orms;aud faces that are as attrctive as k -ivilUed folk judge these things. The comensation is here, however; for nearly all c Eskimo women will measure in girth what hey will in height; and all forms of fat t epresent the Labradoriau idea of both a tility and beauty. w W 