THE SIN OF OMISSION. It isn't the thing you do, dear,' It's the thing you leave undone Which gives you a bit of a heartache At the setting of the sun. The tender word forgotten The letter you did not write The flowers you might have sent, dear Are your haunting ghosts to-night. The stone you might have lifted Out of a brother's way; The bit of heartsome counsel You were hurried too much to say: The loving touch of the hand, dear, The gentle and win some tone That you had no time nor thought for. With trouble enough of your own. These little acts of kindness So easily out of mind, These chances to be angels Which even mortals find— They come in night and silence, Each chill reproachful wraith, When hope is faint and flagging And a blight has dropped on faith. For life is all too short, dear, And sorrow is all too great To suffer our slow compassion That tarries until too late. And it's not the thing you do, dear, It's the thing you leave undone Which gives you a bitter heartache At the setting of the sun. —Selected A CURIOUS NURSE.—In India where the elephant is treated by his mahout almost as one of the family, the grateful animal makes a return for the kindness shown it by a voluntarily taking care of the baby. It will patiently permit itself to be mauled by its little charge, and will show great solicitude when the child cries. Some times the elephant will become so attached to its baby- friend as to insist upon its constant presence. Such a case is known where the elephant went so far as to refuse to eat except in the presence of its little friend. Its attachment was so genuine that the child's parents would not hesitate to leave the baby in the elephant's care knowing that it could have no more faithful nurse. And the kindly monster never belied the trust reposed in him.— Sel. The Bishop of Newcastle (Eng.) is an eloquent and persistent advocate of total abstinence. Now and then, from a sense of duty, he arrays himself in well-worn clothes and goes about incognito among the poor and criminal classes on tours of observation. On one such occasion he was riding in a third-class carriage, of which the only occupant was a pitman. The latter viewing the Bishop's clerical, but' seedy' garments, remarked :—' I'se warrant ye're a poor curate, noo, travelling wi the likes o' huz ?' 4 1 once was, my friend,' replied the Bishop, 1 but—' ' Oh, ay, I see/ cried the other, all in good faith, ' that wretched drink ! Ay, ay. Too bad.' Using the Bible.—Said Dr. Bevan, in his s«iv mon last Sunday in Pitt-street Congregational Church, when speaking of approaching the Father in prayer—" We have a noble congregation here to-night ; I wonder if we had a prayer-meetiug we should have so many." And in asking the congregation to turn up to a text referred, he spoke as follows on the now almost obsolete custom of 1 taking the Bible to church. You will observe, if you will look up your Bibles a moment,—I don't know if you have your Bibles with you. I am sorry to see that the custom of carrying Bibles to church is not so common here as in the old country. You perhaps trust the minister more. In Scotland they keep a keen eye on the preacher, and always turn up the text to see if he is right or not." There is a little gentle and well-merited sarcasm here which we would do well to take home to ourselves. The good old custom of reverently carrying the sacred volume to church and carefully scanning its familiar pages as text after text was adduced in proof of the preacher's teaching, is now, alas ! the exception rather than the rule. Too Old !—In a public school examination an eccentric examiner demanded. " What views, in your opinion, would King Alfred take of universal suffrage, the Conscription, and printed books if he were living now ?" The ingenuous pupil wrote in answer, " If King Alfred were still alive he would be too old to take any interest in anything. 