THE TRAMIP'S RETURN. Back from the highway th?olidens wave Their stately leaves in the 'deepening light. Behind them rises a moss-grown roof, Like a lone grey ghost in the misty night. No home-lighl gleams through the broken pane ; No house-dog watches the open door ; No voices warble a sweet refrain ; No patter of footsteps across the floor. Lone and deserted the old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds flit through the silent rooms, Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and window pane ? Where are the dear ones who watched with love The steps that pattered a sweet refrain ? One by one they were garisnered in To the fold of the tender Shepherd's care; Who keeps from danger and free from sir All who are gathered and waitina there. Until of the number who there did wsell, With careless laughter, merry and free; But three were left in the cottage grey 'Neath the moss-grown roof and the linden tree. Father and mother and youngestborn Alone were left 'neath the old roof-tree ; Alone they wept o'er the pulseless forms ; For the faces they never again could see. '?at buoyantyouth, with his hopeful heart, ooked forth to the future with longing \- eyes; And father and mother, and home andfriends Were left for the beauty of fairer skies. Out on the highway a ragged form Comes feebly along by the broken gate. Who are his friends andl where is his home ? Where is lie going to-night so late ? Oelyt/ a irrap ! to be shunned of men Homeless andfriendiess: hungry andpoor; Why does lie pause in the misty light, And sadly look toward the cottage door ? O;ly ao tramp! to be ecofled at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to door, 2tonevless, homeless, friendless, and lone; Hoenesick and weary, heartbroken and poor. Only a traemip ! with a groan of despair. He tremblingly opens the broken gate ; And feels through the awful stillness there That he has returned, alas ! too late ! No lovingvoice welcomes the tramp's return As feebly he totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless and lone; Tired and discouraged ; friendless and poor. No one to pity him; none to forgive; No one to succour him : none to caress; No one to care for him: .sick and alone ; God pity the tramp in his homelessness. -HELEN BARTON DENSStORE, in Rural World. 