LOOKING backward. FROM 2000 TO 1887. ? (BY EDWARD BELLAMY.) CHAPTER XX. That afternoon Edith casually . in quired if I hud yet rcvistod tho under ground chamber in the garden in which I had been found. ' Not yet,' 1 replied. ' To be frank T have shrunk thus far from doing so, lest the visit might revive old associa tions, rather too strongly for my mental equilibrium.' 'Ah, yes,'1 she said, ' I can imagine that you have done well to stay away. I ought to have thought of that.' ' No,' I said, ' I am glad you spoke The clanger, if there was any, existed only during tho first day or two. Thanks to you, chiefly and always, I feel my footing now so firm in this new world, that if you will go. with me to keep the ghosts off, I should really like to visit the place this afternoon.' Edith demurred at first, but, finding that I was in earnest, consented to ac company me. The rampart of earth thrown up from tho excavation was visible among the trees from the house, and a few steps brought us to the spot. All remained as it u-as at the point when work was interrupted by the dis covery of the tenant of the chamber, save that the door had been opened and the slab from the roof replaced. Des cending the sloping sides of the excava tion, we went in the door, and stood within the dimly-lighted room. Everything was just as I had beheld it last on tliat evening one hundred and thirteen years previous, just before closing my eyes for that long sleep. I savv that my companion was furtively regarding me with an expression of awed . and sympathetic curiosity. I put out my band to her, and she placed hers in it, the soft fingers responding with a reassuring pressure to my clasp. Finally she whispered, ' Had we not better go out now 1 You must not try yourself too far. Oh, how strange it must be to you !' 'On the contrary,' I replied, 'it does, not seem strange ; that is the strangest part of it.' ' Not strange ?' she echoed. ' Even .so,' I replied. ' The emo tions with which you evidently credit me,, and which 1 anticipated ; would attend this visit, I 3imply do not feel. ? I- realize all that these surroundings suggest, but without the agitation I expected. You can't be nearly as much 'surprised at this as Iain myself. Ever since that terrible morning when you came to my help, I have tried to avoid thinking, of my former life, just as I have avoided coming he^e, . for fear of j the agitating effects. I am for all the world like a man who has permitted an injured limb to lie: inotionles3 under the impression thfil it is exquisitely sensi tive, und on trying, to move it finds that it is paralyzed.' ' Do you mean your memory is gone ?' 'Not at all. I remember. everything connected with my former life, but with a total lack of keen sensation. 1 re ? member it for clearness as if it had been but a day since then, but my feel ings about what I remember are as faint as if to my consciousness, as well as in fact, a hundred years had inter vened. Perhaps it is possible to ex plain; this, too. . The effect of change in surroundings is like that of lapse of time in making the past seem remote. When I first woke from that trance, my former life appeared as yesrerday, but now, since I have learned to know my . . new surroundings, and to realize the prodigious changes that have trans formed, the world, J no longer find, it hard; but very easy, to realize that I have slept a century. Can you con ceive of such a thing as living . a hun dred; years in four days'! It really aeems.to me that I have done just, that, and that it is this experience which has given such :a reraoto aud unreal .appear ance! to my former life. Can you see how isuch:a; thing -might be 1' ! , ' I' call; conceive , it,'- replied 'Edith, meditatively, 'and T think; we ought jail to' be thankful thatj itis so,1 i for it will saveiyou much suffering,;! am sure.'! : ' Imagine,' I 'said, in' an effort! to explain, as much: to: myself as to her, the strangeness of my mental condition, V that a man first heard of a bereave ; ? ment many, many years, half a lifetime perhaps, after the event occurred.! I fancy ,;his feeling would be,, perhaps something like mine is. When- I think of my friends in the world of tjhat former day, and the sorrow they must have .felt , for me, it is with a pensive . pity; .rather -than keen anguish, as of a sorrow long, long ago ended.' ' You have , told us nothing yet of your friends,' said Edith. 'Had you many to~ mourn you 1' ' Thank God, X had very few rela tives, ' none nearer than cousins,' I j re plied. ' But there was one, not a ljela / tive, but dearer to me than.'' any kin of I blood. She had your name. She was to have been my wifo soon. Ah me !' ' Ah me !' sighed Edith by my side. ' Think of tho heartache she must have had.' Something in the deep feeling of this gentle .girl touched a chord in my be numbed heart. My eyes, before so dry, were flooded with the tears that till now had refused to come. When I had regained my composure, I saw that she too had beon weeping freely. ' God bless your tender heart,' I said. ' Would you like to see her picture ?' A small locket witli Edith Bartlett's picture, secured about my neck with a gold chain, had lain upon my breast all through that long sleep, and removing this I opened and gave it to my com panion. She took it with eagerness, and after poring long over the sweet face, touched the picture with her lips. 'I know she was good and lovely enough to well deserve your tears,' she said : ' but remember her heartache was over long ago, and she has been in heaven for nearly a century.' It was indeed so. Whatever her sorrow had once been, for nearly a cen tury she had ceased to weep, and my sudden passion spent, my own tears dried away. I had loved her very dearly in my other life, but it was a hundred years ago ! I do not know but some may find in this confession evi dence of lack of feeling, but I think, perhaps, that none can have had an experience sufficiently like mine to enable them to judge me. As wo were about to leave the chamber, my eye rested upon the great iron safe which stood in one corner. Calling my com panion's attention to it I said : 'This was my strong room as well as my sleeping room. In the safe yonder are several thousand dollars in gold, and any amount of securities. If I had known when I went to sleep that night just how long my nap would be, I should still have thought that the gold was a safe provision for my needs in any country or any century, however distant. That a time would ever come when it would lose its purchasing power, I should have considered the wildest of fancies. Nevertheless, here I awake up to find myself among a people of whom a cart load of gold would not procure a loaf of bread.' As might be expected, I did not suc ceed .in impressing Edith that there was anything remarkable in this fact. ' Why in the world should it,' she merely asked. (To be Continued.) 