\ 0FRE1E 1AIARKlET. ... lie iiteil mi..nctiig of the w\ord "Fair" ini its ioilinemerciial sense. is a " free niarket." Inv other words, a fair i: means a market at which all amil every may purchase or not withount being subjected to fen or tax, and also whore alltnd every canI sell without aily such disabilties Ls attach to ordinary mar kets. At one tilme the fairs ii 1England were great features in the social andt indnutrial life of. the people i; ut, since the establishiment, of railways, alld the quicker interconununi cation which lias resulted, these fairs have lpretty well died out, a imatter perhapis for regret, iin sollle respects, but ilevitalle undler the changed conlitions of the national life. HIere in Australil, fairs are unknowli. In= deoel very little of. the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-ahead iolonies. Life is not so slow a;id lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a mnovement iand force to whicli, von in tthis 1a)1, few'pro vineial . folk in the old - country are acculls tolned. Th'Is, hlowever, is a inecessity,; fol lowing upon our freer anld mlore prosplous condition, as well as the awakeied. energies aind intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average tlhani our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too shl.i t for slow or cumnbrous metlihols ; hnd the art now is soiug't in' all directions to do as nmuch in an hour as 100 years ago was nc complislhel in i week. 'lThis, however, is not a matter for marvel. If w,, live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could pl)m. sibly earn. The average earning capacity, aind therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" whichI sinti nmentalists are continually regrettinlg people. by the wvay, who are of similar sap less colnstitution to that of Lord Manners, who wrote: " Let sclienc, nearning, arts and colmmer die, Inut give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as education and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gib sun's, of Smith-street, Collingwood, springing into existenct, whose purpose it is to supply to'a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Ilere we paluse to malke a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown il Aus tralia. We are wrong. At this present lmomlenlt, the firm we have menlltiolled, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical mnalger who lmay lhaplien past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops duriig the dlay must, inlleedl, have a large antt- genierOllS ilndl if le forebears from a sigh of envy as lie notes the throng and press o[ people into and out of those places. All moved by the one imlpulse--an eager desire to avail themn solves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give plea sure to rellect tlhat at least !I0 per cent.. of .attendance ait this Fair.. The young wife who has become possessed of olne of those elegant mantle-, of which such numbers of surpiLssing beauty and grace arc exhibitel, will lhave a sweeter tenmper and: more con tented spirit than has hitherto luled her. The matron who has secured onu of those slplendid Brussels carpets at -Is. Gld. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in lihe home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the holnm to which lie shall presently coliuct his bride is filled with a sense of ilnportance antd re spoLsibility, to which hitherto dur:ng his shliftless slovenly bachelor days, he hais been an utter strniger. In it word, it is impossible for a rellecting objserver to look oil at the ceaseless influx and out-Ilux cf visitors to the show to be insensible to the circumstance that these f:iirs serve a: higher purpolle than perhaps ever entered into the calculation of tle.originators themselves. We\V do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy aind Gibson, when contemnplating the establishment of these fairs, took into reckoning the phlilanthropic aspect of the matter. but as a rule moral good follows upon :ll honorable enterprise, lulnd Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when'. thwy reckion tliCri prolits, mayi if they p'ase, add to them thile imnport:ut, llhough intangible balance of an increased populnar content ment. There is anol.her lesson to leirn from these, faets, and thiht is. tliast in the hands of capable lmen, no aill taiTs, lho?eCver intricatte or complicated, are beyondl the inullience of mnlthil. us' The rules by wvliclu this grcat es= 't-il isliuhnt is governel, are eveni is the hiw' of the Meldes and 'Persians. A fixed syst?ii' -result ofulong experienlce-and large busi ness'experience, controls every dletail of the business, so- that- matters go one like machi nery, and to our mind, with much of the throb, and pulse of the steam engcne. Sonic idea may be formned: by those who have never visited l0oy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform ' thdin that the frontage extends- 2210 feet to Smith-street, and that there is a depth. to Little Oxford street of 200 feet. The great, show rooms, filled, with the costliest of, feminine raiment are enormous apartmects. W We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dailty silks and velvets, unit laces 'and lother b loering matters which once movedl them in the flesh. WVe do iot believe in ghosts; but,-as we have Mr. Shakespeare's authority that there are more things in heaven and earth' than are dreaftit of in our pihilosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of departed fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual syinpathy s with the ,substantial tiroIng at Foy aid Gibson's Fairs. People--ladies ill particular- ho want a newi sensationi, ouglit to spend an hour or two at Foy andl Gilson's Fairs, and if they, lhaving done so, do not experienlce a sensation as of one who liis has beheld a- new revela tio, 'all we can say is that they must be very blaxe and played out, For suhll people there is but one resan cee-patenlt-medicines. \--fADVT.] 