NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The land revenue collected at Grenfell during last year amounted to £20,000. The work connected with the erection of the electric light plant as Moss Vale is progressing satisfactorily. It was reported at the annual meeting of the Wagga boBpital that the number of patients admitted to the institution during the year was 196. A dairyman at Narandera. has been obliged to stop supplying customers with milk, the Cumberland disease having broken out among his cattle. The Co-operative Dairy Factory at Lismore was opened on Wednesday by Mrs. Edward Ponton, in the presence oi' about 200 people who were interested in the venture. Speaking at Maclean, Mr. M'Farlane, M.L.A., said that he believed in federation, bat thought that it was in the distance. He also declared himself in favor of electoral reform. The report read at the annual meeting o» the Randwick Destitute ABylum stated that there were in the institution on December 31 122 boys and 94 girls, makiDg a total of 21C The health of the children had been very good. We learn from our contemporary the JerUderie Herald that "two officers have been appointed to examine and report on the merits, advantages, and possibility (?) of the construction of a line from Jerilderie to Berrigan and Tocumwal." The authorities offer £20 reward for the capture of Tommy Ryan, tbe aboriginal who shot Constable Hadley at Copmanburet. The police are elill out in pursuit, and they have found Tommy's tracks near Ratuornie. The wounded man is doing well. At a meeting of the conciliatory committee last week in connection with the Qoulburn Cathedral dispute, tbe counter proposals submitted by the cathedral council were referred lor report and answer to the sub-committee who drew up the first proposals. At the annual meeting of the Irish National League last week, the balance-sheet which was presented showed that during the year £1000 had been forwarded to the Farnell Indemnity Fund, £500 to ths evicted tenants fund, and £9500 to the envoy's special fund. Mr. F. C. Cox, of Carlingford, last week unearthed a lemon Irom tbe ground in his orangery that must have been in tho surface Boil for a period of about five months. Strange to aay, the lemon was in a sound condition, and the stem had formed a good root. The report of the committee on church property, presented at the Weslevan Conference, showed that in New South Wales there are 374 churches, 54 school buildings, 72 parsonages, and 2 colleges, the total cost of which is £441,358, and the present indebtedness £159,674. Mr. Manning is arranging to have an insulated car fitted up with the new patent refrigerating machine for the transit by rail of 60 sheep carcases from Narandera to Sydney. Upon the arrival of the said local chilled meat at the Metropolitan Meat Market it will be sold by auction aB an experiment. Twenty-four superior second-class long distance carnages are now being constructed to the order of the Commissioners for Railwavs. Each of these vehicles will be 46ft. in lergth, and will be divided into seven compartn eat!. Several new American second-class caniag < are also being built for the use of the eulurbin • linep. The Minister for Mines received the foil >w ing telegram from Sofala:—'"Re imposing CUkey Creek, Ellis and party have ttru;k a reef in this tunnel 2ft. wide, bearing east and west, showing gold freely; assayed 14oz. to the ton. This party ^ received aid from the prospecting vote. The tunnel is 375ft. long, giving 200ft. oft backs.'" It is not every married couple that can commemorate their sixtieth marriags anniversary. But such is the case with Mr. and Mrs, Edward Lander, of Darlington Point, and they intend to celebrate the happy-happy day in about a month's time by giving a picnic and ball to all the countryside, at their residence, Bingwood. Both of them look hale and hearty in the autumn of their years. On Friday the police at Orange reported ot Dr. Souter that a,woman named Anthony was dead in a house at Orange. On proceeding to the scene the coroner directed him to make a post-mortem examination. The doctor, on examination, found that the woman was not dead, and felt a slight pulsation. Brandy and restoratives were administered, when the old woman camd round, but died shortly afterwards. She was advanced in years and lived in a tenement by herself. The prize of £150 for a school history of Anstralia, for which there were 10 competitors, has, we learn, been awarded to Mr. Lusk, b&rrister-at- law.; This portion of the work will not be published until after tbe result cf tbe .other competition in respect to the larger school history has been made known; and as it is thought that some of those who took part in the competition just decided will enter in that,their envelopes (containing the "keys" to their mottoes) will not be opened. A correspondent writing from Euglo (Humbug Creek district) says tbey have had no rain,there slbce the 18ib of December, and! tbat the grass is getting very dry. Still, grass 1 and water are fairly plentiful and stock are in good condition. The weather bas been veryl hot tod the register has reached as high as llldeg. in the shade. Sheepowners are of opinion that they will be able to see the year out with something like safety. Messrs. Burcher and Cox have disposed of nearly all their sale Bheep. There is a commercial way of looking rt even the moBt interesting affairs, but a country correspondent of a Bega newspaper manages to improve upon the general wav of regarding matrimony. It is reported that several weddings are to come off. He says, " I am very pleased to convey this gratifying intelligence, as there has been a lull in the matrimonial market for a considerable time past, and I expect the impetus soon to be given to this class of business will be very likely to create a ' boom.'" . , . There is bound to be a reaction against tbe new liturgy and other diversons of the recent General Assembly in Hobart. Here is an indication of tense feeling in Dunedin, where, if anywhere south of the line, there should be found tbe strength of Kirk principles:—" At Moray-place Congregational Church, Dunedin, while the minister was giving utterance to liberal sentiments regarding Sabbath observance, a prominent member of the congregation rose and told the preacher that he ought to be ashamed of himself." Apparently there is no room for Latter-dBy Saints in Sydney, for one of the priests of the famous Mormon institution has attempted suicide. By the way it was reported that amongst tbe Maoris of certain parts of New Zealand the tenets of Joe Smith were growing popular. And Utah emissaries have been busy in Honolulu and such Polynesian communities as are witbin the American influence. Not very surprising now that Europe as a recruiting ground for the Latter-day Saints bus been practically closed. Writing on the death of the late chief Jewish rabbi, the Qtuenslandcr says :—" Dr. Nathan Marcus Adler, the chief rabbi of the Jews, lrves at Brighton. He is over 80, and comes of a long-lived family, his mother having lived to see her son's seventieth birthday. Among his treasures is a cup made out of the first gold discovered in Victoria, sent him by the Jews in that colony as a mark of esteem, and in recognition of the great service he has rendered to the cause of religion and education. He leads a busy life, and is strong and well. On tbe last Day ot Atonement he was able to fast 24 hours." An inquest was held by the coroner, Mr. Brooke, at Eugowra, on Saturday last, on the body of a young man named Felix Ferratti, who had been drowned whilst bathing in a dam, the property of John Agostinelli, deceased's father-in-law. Tbe jury found that deceased was accidentally drowned, but added a rider Btrongly censuring young Agostinelli for not making a search immediately on finding that his relative was not above water. Ferratti was a selector residing near Dubbo, and only in June last had married Miss Agostinelli. He was on a visit to his father-in-law at the time of the sad occurrence. The Ministerfor Lands received by mail a letter from Mr. T. Sproul, of Surrey, England, requesting him to register a certain method of irrigation which that gentleman has originated. Mr. Sproul enclosed with his request a postoffice order for £5 for registration fees, as well as an elaborately written specification which is contained on several sheets of vellum, each sheet being as laige as a page of the Sydney Morning Herald. Despite this voluminous description of the system, it is said tbat it is a very simple and inexpensive one, and can be utilised for the distribution of water over areas ranging from ten to thousands of acres. At a special meeting last week of the Goulhurn borough council it was decided to accept Kirkland and Co.'s tender for installing the electric light in the city conditionally on the necessary funds being obtained. The tender provides for 100 street lights of 25 candle power. The amount of the tender is £6325, The tenderers offer to fix six Brockie Poll arc lamps without extra cost. Fowler engines will be used with two Westinghouse dynamop. Tne incandescent lights will be of the Sawyer Man pattern*. The work will be completed within seven months of tbe signing of tbe contract, and the plant will be guaranteed for 12 months kept in repair free of cost. Senior-constable Ogden received intelligence on Friday evening that a horse was found drowned with a buggy attached on the Upper Manning, tbe equipage belonging to Mr. George Edward Homewood. The officer proceeded on Saturday to the place indicated, and on Sunday recovered the body of Mr. Homewood some short distance from where he had attempted to cross tbe river, which was swollen with the late rains. At the time deceased waa going home. He had a selection near No. 1 station on the Upper Manning. He was 74 years of age, and was much respected. The coroner did not think an inquest necessary under the circumetacnes. Tbe question of the clothing to be adopted by Mr. Carruthers'juvenile army is still vexing the tribe of correspondents. Singular how deep is the love of dress in mankind. It is charged against the sex tbat cannot be kept out of the smoking compartments that tbey have a monopoly of personal vanity in the direction of dress. But the argument is the other way about wben you consider the amount of fuss and fury which a sartorial arrangement will excite. Let bntsome fellow with ears like those of the transformed Bot torn bray forth a challenge to dress coate, high hate in the stalls, or anything of the kind, and, | heavens! what an ear- splitting chome. A number of gentlemen, accompanied bv 1 Messrs. Cass and Crick, M«.L.A., interviewed the Commissioners for Railways, and asked that cbaffshould be included under tbe head of ^cultural produce, and should be made snbSt to the same concessions as potatoe and grain They also asked tbat small quantities K i t Should be charged for at the same rate a large consignments. Tbe Commissioners ^ replyfsaid that tbe rate at which chaff was now carried left no profit to tbe department, It was betog charged for at about as low a rate other kind of agricultura produce Still"they^would" look Tnto both matters Sght forward, and see whether the tanff could be rearranged. The Chief Inspector oi Stock (Mr. Bruce) is in receipt of a report from Mr. Stanley, veterinary surgeon, who went up tBunny Corner a few days ago in order'to.report upon a disease among horses in that locality. Local opinion attributed tbe disease to the fumes from a mine smelting works, but after inspection Mr. Stanley states that the company horses were not in any way effected, andI hat be is satisfied the fumes have not caused illness in any of tLe horses brought under bis notice. The horses which he did see be describes as suffering from chronic asthma, caused in bis opinion by bad fodder. Some of tbe horses had died from this complaint and others were recovering. The Grafton Council appears to have a proper regard to the importance of sanitation, if one may judge irom the following resolution recently adopted:-" That this council respectfully requests the Government to send the assistant medical officer, Dr. Thompson, or some other qualified person, to report on the sanitary state of Grafton, with the view to assist this council in such amendment of tbe bylaws relating to nuisances as will provide for tbe more efficient sanitation of the town. There are several rsasons why in so important a matter an opinion should be obtained from an expert "free from local prejudices '—or, in other words, from one not likely to be biassed by private local influences. The manager of the Mount Morgan Extended goldmine reports under date 24th January as follows :—" We have completed crushing 5 tons ot stona at the Hit or Miss battery, for the very poor return of lldwt. 16gr., or 2dwt, 8gr. to the ton. Assays were taken from tailings which returned 3dwt. 6gr. per ton. I did not, nor do I now, think that the class of machinery is at all suitable for ore containing gold in such fineness as our stone. I believe good part of the gold went away with the water. The two tons of stone crushed, sampled, and assayed in duplicate by the Queensland Smelting Company, Maryborough, gave a return of 5dwt lOgr. of gold and 3oz, 4dwt. 9gr. ot silver per ton." H.M.S. Shah is, it is understood, to replace the Vernon as an industrial Bchcol. The vessel, having the necessary decks, is considered suitable for the purpose to which Bhe is to be applied. The Sbah is in every respect twice as large as the Vernon. The cost of fitting her up will, it is expected, be considerably under £5000. It is thought probable tbat the necessary alterations in the vessel will be made in Eogland, the plan of some English industrial schoolship being followed, but no definite information on this point is obtainable at present. No decision haB yet been arrived at as to what will be done with the Vernon after she haB given way to the Sbah. In view of the possible introduction of phylloxera into the vineyards of this colony (states the Brisbane Courier) the Department of Agriculture has taken steps to ascertain what ActB of Parliament are in force in the southern colonies and also in the grape growing countries in Europe relative to this pest, and also to procure plates illustrative of the insect in its various stages of development, the manner in which it attacks the vines, and the appearance of the vines when attacked. If these plates can be obtained in any number it is the intention of tbe Department of Agriculture to ask the Minister for Public Instruction to have them placed in the Stateschools of the colonies, BO that the children may be made familiar with the nature of the disease. Three climbing kangaroos, the reported existence of which some years ago was received with so much scepticism, and later on caused much exhaustive but fruitless research for live epecimens by enthusiastic students ot natural histoiy, are Baid to have been captured safe and sound by Constable Higgins in the Barron scrub (Queensland). It is stated that any person having doubts as to the truth ot the statement can at once satisfy himself of its correctneBB or otherwise by visiting the native police camp, Atherston, where Constable Higgins will readily ehow him the remarkable animals. If the epecimens are really veritable climbing kangaroos there is little doubt that Constable Higgins will be able to dispose of them for good round sums, as, BO far as we can learn, no zoological collection in any country can yet boast of containing one. Tbe Napier correspondent of tbe New Zealand Herald reports that tbe Charitable Aid Board decided to seek amendment of the Act ii> the direction ol giving boards greater power over the inmates ot refuges. At present the boards may make regulations, but cannot enforce them or get inmates punished for insubordination. The only resource is to turn out refractory inmates. The chairman stated that men came in drunk, kicked up rows, and fought; but the magistrate refused summonses when applied for. As an instance of the prevalence ot insubordination, it was mentioned that, when geese and turkeys and poultry were sent to the reiuge for Christmas, one able- bodied pauper point blank. refueed to art £ ibe preparation when asked to assist m y t r i the former Governor of Qaeen^ land, the Marquis of Nomanby has suB a ^ gentleman the telegram BB y a , periphrasis that he got ^rough a consideraHj amount of money in an nnprofitable way. in the pastoral country one meetsomequeer re a Bingular experieuce it is tbey manage to aeon ^Whether it is colonial wholly it » not Jo isily determined, but this can be admitted the public schools in England are not so democratic as the stockyard of a cattle station or the shearing shed ofi* sheep run. Co. quently the gilded youth have a bad time till they learn the ropes. John Chisholm, a young man about 20 years of age, relieving Mr. Nunn, telegraph marter a Cundletown, jumped into the river on 29th ult. about 4 o'clock. The body was dragged for and recovered about an hour f "wards Deceased had been ailing for the pae few days and stated "that this would be hisi last m$ht on earth." Watch was kept over him during the night, but the watcher dcziDg Chisho m managed to get away from his room, made for the river and jumped in. His bat was found on the river bank ; this led to an ^mediate search being made. Deceased lately came Irom Gloucester, where his friends reside. The following verdict was returned at tne inquest held on tbe boly at Cundletown « We are of opinion that John Chisholm met bis death by drowning near the public wharf at Cundletown, and we are of opinion that it was by his own act." On the 10th ult. (says the Brisbane Courier) Ludwig Damrow, a farmer residing at Boggy Creek, reported to the police that his son and another youth had discovered some human remains, a skull and jawbone, among the mangroves at German Creek. A search was impossible at the time owing to the flooded condition of the country; but Sergeant Primrose proceeded to German Creek on Wednesday 'ast, accomplishing the journey with some danger and much difficulty, and on arriving at tbe spot indicated he found six pieces of skull, six arm-bones, and the lower half of a human jaw, part of the roof of a mouth, and a number of teeth. The sergeant brought the remains to town and handed them over to the proper authorities. German Creek lieB between tbe mouth of the Brisbane River and Nudgee Beach. Sergeant Primrose believes that tbe bones are the remains of an aboriginal killed in some tribal fight. In this theory he is fortified by the extremely battered condition of the skull. The newest phase of tbe ghost illusion trick occurred during the past week in George-street West, Burwood. From what can be gathered, for several nights in succession attention was drawn to a room in the residence in question by loud noises, accompanied by ecreams and yells of an unearthly description, which caused annoyance to the inmates and residents living in the vicinity. Tbe room was visited, but nothing could be discovered to solve the mystery. The noises continued, females became hysterical and men became frightened, crowds began to assemble nightly, and at last no one would venture in tbe room. The facts becoming known to the police, and enquiries made hy Senior-sergeant Kirby, resulted in that officer determining to station himself in tbe bumble room and watch proceedings, but no signs of his ghostship waB Been after a two hours' watch. On Friday, further enquiries resnlted in tbe confession ot a young man and a daughter of tbe occupant being the innocents abroad who made merry at the expense of the feelings of others. The Goulburn people are very dissatisfied at the debt of £54,000 existing on account of the erection of waterworks. It is considered that the cost has been largely swollen by the expense of setting right blunders perpetrated by the Harbors and Rivers Department, against which for a space of nearly nine years the Council protested v gorously by letter and otherwise. Notwithstanding that a weir was recently constructed which it was supposed would remove all danger of a short supply even in tbe driest seasons, tbe engineer reports that should the present dry weather continue be will have exhausted the supply within reach ot the pumps in a fortnight. In these circumstances it is thought tbat while the Minihter, by insisting upoo the lull amount, mav be acting within tbe letter of the law, be is in reality exacting too much. It has been suggested, in view of the general discontent evidenced in Wagga, Bathuwt, Newcastle, and elsewhere, where similar excessive charges are being made for similar unsatisfactory works, tbat the aggrieved municipalities should combine and test the matter of the pawer of a Minister to charge an amount out of all protion tn the actual commercial value of the undertakings. A man named James Jackson, gravedigger at tbe South Brisbane cemetery, was drowned early on Sunday, above Ddth'e old sugar-mill, on the St. Lucia Estate. Jackson (the Couriec states) toee at about half-past 4 o'clock in tbe morning, and went to some of the neighbor® and asked thprn to come with him and secure a few of tbe numerous pumpkins which weve being washed down tbe river. Not only did they roluse to go, but endeavored to dissuade Jackson Irom engaging in what was a foolhardy enterprise, as the river was greatly Bwollen and flowing at a terrific pace. The unfortunate man, however, refused to listen to their advice, and getting into a email pant which he had been in the habit of ueing, pushed out into the river. He had only got out eome 20 or 30 yards when by Bome means the punt capsized, and Jackson was thrown out. He was seen to vainly clutch at some brushwood which was drilling past, and before assistances was forthcoming he sank, and was not seen again. Two of Jackson's neighbors speedily got a boat out and rowed up and down for eome time, but their efforts were futile. Jackson was a man about 40 years of age, quiet and sober in all his habits. He leaves a wife and three young children in needy circumstances. Between 9 and 10 o'clock on the evenin? of the 29th ult., the police made a raid on a Chinese gambling den known as Yon Chong's store, situated in the Chinese quarter, Fitzmaurice-street, Wagga. Immediately after entering the room all means of exit were cut off, and after a slight resistance 36 Chinamen were arrested and marched to the lock-up. One escaped. The whole of these Chinamen at the time were engaged in playing fan- tan. A number of their countrymen staved outside tbe lock-up for over two hours after the arrest was made. The whole batch was brought up at the police court next morning before Mr. Henry Baylis, P.M. The banker was sentenced to three mouths' hard labor in Wagga gaol, and 35 of the others were each fined £2, and 4s. lOd. costs. The warrant was issued on the 20th August, and Mr. H. B. Fitzhardinge, who defended the whole of the accused, held that they were illegally in custody, and that the warrant was no good, as it should have been executed at the time the information was laid. The magistrate over- ruled the objection. The whole of the implements and a small sum of money found in the gambling room were confiscated. It is very probable that the croupier, who escaped, will be shortly arrested. Tbe New Zealand Herald reports that a deep sensation was caused on January 20 by the news that Captain S. Sewell, a well-known resident of Parnell, had committed suicide by shooting himself through the head. For some time past the deceased gentleman suffered from melancholia. During the paBt fortnight he rapidly became worse, and was in very depressed Bpirite and despondent. At about 6 o'clock in the morning Mrs. Sewell heard the report of a gun as from deceased's dressing room, and pushing open the door was horrified to see her husband lying on the floor in a pool of blood. She immediately called a neighbor, Mr. W. R. Walker, who found Captain Sewell lying dead, with a bullet wound through his head, and a rifle underneath his arm, the muzzle pointed towards his head. Dr. Cremonini shortly afterwards arrived, and afterwards Dr. Haines, but the deceased was beyond human aid. It wan evident tbat Captain Sewell bad shot himself, the bullet passing through bis head and lodging in the ceiling. Though he had suffered monetary losses, he had no reason to be troubled about money matters. Widespread sympathy is felt for Mrs. Sewell and her daughter and relatives of the deceased. Captain Sewell was highly respected. He was a retired army captain and Berved in ,East India. Some years ago he lived in Fiji, where he owned a plantation. Tbe Noumea correspondent of the Brisbane Courier writes on January 15 :—" The Governor is at last trying to put a stop to this pest of continual evasions of the convicts. A long decree has been published, by which every convict in each particultr section will be held responsible for the escape of any of his onirades. If any man evades, all the other convicts in bis section will be deprived of any little pleasures in tbe shape of extra rations of sugar, tobacco, or gro?, until bis recapture. • Ail the little money they may have earned by carving shells and other extra work will be confiscated to rspay all expenses attending the r<captuie. It is piobaMe that this law will have a most salutary effect, and it ought to have been pa«Red long ago. In one of my recent letters I defcribed how a gang of five escaped convicts bad stuck up two stations on the coast, bad murdered tbe proprietor of one Btore, and sailed for Australia in a large boat well provisioned and well armed. I wrote tbat they were desperate criminals, and would stick at no crime it they arrived on the Australian coast. These must be the men who landed at Hinchinbrook on the 20th December, and, armed with revolvers, stuck up a timber merchant there, and afterwards rowed on to Cardwell. I can only reiterate my previous advice : they are human vermin, and as such should be shot down at once before they have time to commit any more murders." The announcement tbat Wm. J. O'Connor, the Canadian sculler, has started for Australia, will be interesting reading to tbe rowing men of New South Wales. Ttie probability is tbat the American champion, who has already signified his willingness to meet Poter Kemp on the water, is coming direct to Sydney for tbe purpose of making a match with the Hawkesbury sculler. It this be tbe ca»e we Khali have some lively times on the Parramatta River, ,as several important sculling matches are almost certain to he rowed between the months of M,*rcli and Angaot. First of all, there ia tbe Matiewoa-M'Lean ; race for £200 a-side, to be decided on the Piirramitta in March. Then follows a match (already tacitly agreed upon) between Kemp and thn winner of the Matteroon-M'L-sau race. This latter rece will be for £200 a-side and the world's eculliug championship. Should Kemp be defeated, there is Stansbury to be reckoned with by the aspirants to tbe championship honors. So tbat it will be seen that a number of first-class races may be witnessed on the Parramatte. O'Connor will probably seek to row Kemp at once ; but it is more than likely that he will have to wait his turn, as it will be impossible for the dashing Hawkesbury sculler to meet all his opponents at one time. Kemp and Stansbury are still rowing on tbe Colo. O'Connor,. who was born at Toronto, Canada, in 1864, has defeated Teemer, Gaudaur, Peterson, and other American scullers, and is now the ccknowledged champion oarsman of all America. A rece between Peter Kemp and the Canadian would doubtless draw an enormous crowd to the banks of the Parramatta championship conrse. O'Connor is sure to be well received by Sydney rowing men. The Toowoomba Chronicle reports that it was circulated in town tbat a man had been found dead in a paddock, and later on that he had committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree. In a paddock, the property of Mr. Kilham, is a small cluster of trees, tbe centre one being a little bent, with a Btnall branch jutting out. To this branch was attached a plaid comfoiter, and about Gin. of it was still on the branch ; the other part of the comforter was around the neck of all that was mortal ot Evan WatkiDS. The body was lying face downwards a few feet from the tree, and the hands were securely tied behind the back. At the foot of an adjoining sapling were deceased's boots and hat. The deceased must have tied the comforter round his neck, ascended the tree about 8ft., and then fastened the comforter to the branch ; be then tied his hands behind his back with his necktie and took the fatal leap. It is conjectured that the deceased effected his purpose of taking his life, and that the comforter becoming saturated by the heavy rain, broke, and the body fell to the ground. The man had been dead four or five days when discovered. From inquiry we leam that the deceased was 33 years of age, followed the occupation of a miner, and was a native of Tredegar, Monmouthshire, Wales. He was a single man, and had a brother and three sisters, one living at Ipswich, one at Brisbane, and tbe other at Toowoomba. On the body of the deceased was found the following letter, written on tbe margins of a copy of the Christian Million, an Euglish publication, with a large portrait of John Bright, and written acroBS the portrait were the words, " Please open this with care :" —" Dear Sister and. Brother,—I wish you all good-bye, Agnes and family and all; I was forced to do it at last. I have prayed that God will forgive me ; we may all meet beyond the grave again. Dear sister and brother, I hope that you will forgive me for all this, as the dear Lord will forgive you, and I feel His presence in the midst of it all. I.believe firmly the lord wiil receive my soul, as I do put all my trust in Him. I am sorry I did not see Agnes before parting with this world ; she will feel lonely by herself, but tell her to cheer up. Please give my love to Tom Walker and my inquiring friends. Dear sisters and brothers, do not weep over me, as I hope to meet you all again in heaven above, where all is joy and love ; where tears and Borrow will be wiped away. I have no ink or paper. I cannot do any more very well, so I wish Jessie and Poliy and Freddy a nice good bye. I feel awfully vexed about mother and Alfred Sarar. I wish all good-bye, Joney and the children, and Daniel, my brother. Dear sister and brother, I now come to a close with my kind letter, and so no more from your loving brother, EVAN WATKINS.—We may all meet again at the rising of the moon, so now, dear 6ieter and brother, I wish you good- bye. From your loving brother, EVAN WATKINS.— I do not write my letter very good, so I hope you will excuse it. Please give Agnes glaep." 