A GHOSTl STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. ??? -++? Ode morning Arthur Heywood received a 6trange letter It was from bis maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. " Oome at once," it said. "I am going to die, and I want to leave yon my property, It seems right to see you first." ; . . Arthur had never met his Aunt Maud, who lived by herself in a: handsome country residence. She had inherited it from her mother, whilesthe boys-her brothers~were "obliged to 'make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the eldest, and all he had. ever said of his sister Maud was that some thing "she had done in early youth had made them all angry, and that they never saw each other, "and, for his part, he never desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Hey wood was quite alone in the world, this aunt had written to him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a 'strange, .old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman; who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old,at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. You are a Heywood," she said. " You resemble your father, but are not so fitern. Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of it, unless be was kinder to her than to his sister. " There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it; I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as leay. : Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy, I have made my wil I in your favor. Stay until the laBt." With these words Bhe closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty year-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been a school-boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. ' " It i3 all this talk of dying" and of will and legacies," he said. "I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream unt'l midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we ail know, for the ghost seer, he was awakened with a start, to 6ce at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser vant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im pression that his aunt was ill. "Have you come to call me?1' be asked. The woman came a little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold ; " that woman is dying." .'My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. .« Your aunt," replied the figure. "If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I waat her hun?." " This is a lunatic." thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but the woman was gone. He went to the door. 15 was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. However, tbi3 dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Bach time the strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood hung, and declared that if it were not dene it would soon be too late. Ilis aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even bad she been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a rccord of it in a sort of diary he was in the habit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, he was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap on liis door. His aunt was dying-a servant bad come for him. When he reached her room she was in sensible. She never spoke to him again. lie could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of rcspect possible to her memory. !?he funeral was largely attended, rather from cariosity than any other feeling, for Mis3 Hey wood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood; aud in due course ot time the will was read. I« left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and loc and bar-never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a'codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." But Arthur had no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; '"'but whenever Mrs. Heywood made this remark, her hus band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." «' Who will ever know?" she would urge. " Who cares ?" _ .'A codicil which I have never seen re mains," Arthur would reply. " Who knows what might happen?" Aud so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber. J The mystery was greater, however, to the children ?, and when the eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that no thing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in; but at the momt-nt the ladder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade "the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the child re main where he was until he came, and 1 rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door-was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. | And then the woman, who until now had ! forgotten all but her boy's danger, took I breath and looked about her. - The gaTrct was a bare place, hung with I old garments, and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. i Upon it, what 1 To approach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the time; When he returned he found the 1 .ng-seJed garret door opened, heard h:s wife's story imidsfc her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed- with horror and astonishment, The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight black hair of the woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explana tion be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil had been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these words: «This paper will only be opened if the garret is opened ulso. In that case my secret will ba known to those: who are of my own age, for thefe was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well-known in the neighborhood, and but for letters which I wrote myself ail J ex hibited to curious folk, the truth might have been suspected at the time. "Jane came to live with me as house keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I w«s betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Rupert hated him. Ho placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken off and my life embittered. My lover left me with scorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I disco.ered Jane Jar velle's treachery. I went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There we had a scene, and there I murdered her. I stabbed her t.o the heart. She lived only long enough to shriek: " 'I will haunt the house until you are hung for this V .. .< She has done it. I have 6een her. But I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonebty. I did not lie. " My brother, Rupert, cros3-questioned me, and male great search for Jane Jarvelle; the others were never good to mo. Ours waB an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To bis only son I have left all. Let him pity me. " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost cf my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what has my life been J Again I say-pity me, and pray forme." 