The Mirrored .Demon. A Weird. Tale of the Black Pool at Tiio Alders. I Toward the end of a cloudy summer day, having slowly climbed to tlio top of-a hill thickly wooded with young pines, I saw.at last the gables and towers, of The Alders, an estate which occupies the foggy bottom of the valley. I wr« coming to take possession of this domain, sh it cloned for forty years past to the insiiuS.-jent care of a superan nuated stewai'i. Jhe late proprietor, my father, who br/J / tently died and whose heir I was. Urging nsV Si'' /3 forward, I commenced to ascend tfe/ Q'i1,'.'. The grade was steep, and the arJL,t&la; iron shoes slipped peril ously in tin- it)i/se grpvel of the ro&d.; Under the dark and heavy sky, the pines to right and left took on a gloomy hue ; below me, blurred in the haze of the valley, rose the chateau, a dark and broken mass, which was almost hidden from sight by the great forest about it, broken here and there with opeii heaths and reed- fringed pools of a sickly greenish hue. I remembered that" my father had alwayB evinced a great distaste for The Alders; the very name made him shudder. A cold, drizzling rain was now falling, and I soon felt very uncomfortable, for the morning had been fine and I had neglected to bring a top-coat or- travelling wrap. Arrived at the foot of the hill, I had to pass through a little village of a hundred or a hundred and fifty homes,-the last cottage extending quite to the main entrance of the chiiteau. The noise ot .my horse's hoofs I brought to the doors eight or ten peasants, who stared at me curiously, but with no j sign of a salutation.' I attributed to my long contemplation of the young pines, | through which I: had been travelling, the singular coloration which certain objects assumed in my eyes; the arms and faces of the miserable villagers, who stared at me with a cowed and brutish persistence, seemed very sallow, almost green. A few women's heads and hands showed amid the group of men. , It seemed to' me that these heads and hands were also sallow and green. . The cbdteau gates were closcd. Through the bar, leper-blotched with rust, could be seen the great seigaeural court, grown with rank weeds, and further the abandoned ch&teau.; The rain, become sharper now, was chilling me to the bone. I descended from my horse, tied the poor beast-which hung its head through sheer fatigue-to a ring mortised into the stone wall, and presently fougd the hpndle of a bell half concealed in the intricate wrought-iron work of the gate. I pulled it violently several times; but in place of the expected cheer ful pee), two slow, heavy, and solemn strokes of an alarm-bell resounded omi nously in the distant gloom-for it was already dusk. From a little lodge at the right of the chftteau emerged an old woman, who held aloft n lamp. Very tall, very thin, and enveloped rather than dressed in a robo of coarse gray stuff, which looked like a grimy shroud, she came to the gate with the measured and noiseless tread of a spectre. The lamp, which shone full on her.faoe, revealed to me beneath her gray locks her, eyes, dim and haggard ; her cheeks were very sallow. " Welcome to your estate, sir," said she, as a great key grated in the lock. She was the manager's wife. "Thanks, Mme. Chartier," I responded; " but I come in evil weather." " In evil weather, indeed." She conducted me to the little house; the wet weeds reached to my knees. " " Who will look to my horse ?-1 asked. " I will," she said. . " You have no servants, madam ?" "No." " Who, then, looks after the ch.ltcau and keep3 the grounds in order ?" " There are no grounds," she replied. -We entered the living-room, which was dimly lighted and poorly warmed; by the fitful blaze of a peat liro. ? There was, doubtless, but one :lamp" in the .establish ment, that which Mme. Chartier had taken up when she came to meet me. : - " Chartier," said the woman, shaking the shoulder of an old man who Beemed.to be dozing in the chimney-corner; .''Chartier, get up ; here is the now master." The old man turned toward me j his face was sallow, too, with the same. dim and haggard eyes. '.-Welcome to your estate, sir," said lie, as ho arose and offered mo a chair; " warm yourself, sir, unless you take cold." Mme. Chartiwfc^vho had gone out, doubt less to lead my horse to the stable, returned laden with dishes and gla9se0, and quietly set about laying the table, whioh she pulled up from the side of the chimney. "These seem to-be very sullen people," I thought, and I determined to send away this lugubrious couple as soon as possible. . ? "Well, Chartier," I said, to break a silence which had become disagreeable to me, "do you get on well, and may I hope to see you here for many days to como 1" . " You will not see me here for many days to come," he replied. - "How so? :I)o you then wish to leave The Alders?" " Oh, I, sir-I shall never leave The Alders. But you will depart very soon. I smiled, for my intention was to install myself definitely in my new property;" " Yes, sir," said Mme. Chartier's voice be hind me, "you will depart very soon." I was about to. exclaim against this singular affirmation, when the old woman added: - . " Dinner is ready, sir." We drew up about the table. . " - I " Do you expect some one?" I. inquired,| for.four covcrs bad been la'd. " Yes, sir; we expect our daughter," said the manager, serving the soup. . " So you have a daughter?" I had hopes'that a young face might bring some gaiety to the soene. .f.We have no daughter," said Mme. Chartier, . . . . - The dinner was not abundant; neverthe less, I had the wherewithal to satisfy amply, the appetite my long day's ride had given me, for my hosts ate scarcely at all. -lMked-CuarUer:i£-iiowcresick;--~-7 "Everyone is sick here," he replied, " be cause of the pool." -? "Indeed, I had remarked that".the in habitants of the village aro singularly, pale." " They have the fever; but they suffer less than we, for they are not so .near." " True," I said,: with a Blight shiver ; I had always particularly feared malaria fevers. After dinner, Mme. Chartier retired to Dreparo my chamber,^ not in the chfttean, which.long abandonment had rendered un-: inhabitable, but in the lodge on the upper, floor. Tno manager and I drew up to the fire. "Sir," said the old man, "excuse us if wo receive you poorly: It is sad in this conntfy; the fever takes the children from the very cradle, and only atthe grave-yard does it leave the men who.liave resisted it. It is because of tf<« pool, which should bo drained," ho add<"4- extending his hand to ward the window. " And then, we,, sir, are sadder tbap the - .1,'iers, for we lost oil* daughter a month if.o." - . - "Your daughti'} is dead, Chartier?" I asked. " God knows, sir. As for us, we do not know what has become, of her." Presently he went on in a lower tone s " Madele.ine was very sad, very ill; she was as we are, my good sir. But the birds still sing when they are ill, and Madelcinp fang near thought Bhe%nuWTJ^^th^;§:cour^cerandzl I said to^ssfe^S^r "ajr, Oofl wining, I sliall fake hCr to liye in a city.* To See the rosea ia hcr^chceks, we would have given our lives, myffpoor :wife and I. But she was '.very, pale ; she .went too often to-the edge of the water. ?, She loved-I do not know why -that water, which harmed her so. Often, when her mother called her to dinner, she was seated in the wet grasa at the side of the pool. We scolded her, but it did no good. It pleased her, she said, to listen to the noise of the wind in the reeds. She had nothing else to amuse her, the dear child. In other countries, the little girls of poor people can gather flowers, peep in the birds' nests, and have doves and play with them as in the pictures I have seen in the city shops; here, sir, there are no other flowers than the lilies o£ the pool, the birds would be afraid to build - their nests in our great, gloomy trees, and the only doves are ravens. My. poor girl, then, , loved the pool. Sometimes, of an evening, I would hear, her open" the window of her chamber \--the chamber where you will sleep to night, sir. Come in 1'I would cry; 'go to bed, yon will take cold.' 'No, no 1' she would say; and whon I asked her what she was looking at,' Thero is a star.iii the pool.' she would'-answer. One morning at the breukfast hour, Madeleine did . not come down stairs. . Her mother went'up to her room. ' Madeleine is not here I' cried my wife. . It was a month ago, ono Sunday morning. Madeleine- has $ot come back yet.". . ? Chartier had spoken slowly, in a monoto nous tone. Now he wept silently. . . The disappearance of their child more than accounted for the gloom of my hosts. I relented having judged thom harshly, and it was with sincero pity that I pressed the old man's hands as 1 retired. \ My chamber was a small room, covered with a mouldy paper; in one corner nil iron bed, two cane-seated chairs at. light and left of a walnut commode, a portrait of a young girl-Madeleine, doubtless-facing the single window-that was all. I went to bed and to sleep, not without some diffi culty, for the steward's tale had predisposed my-mind to lugubrious thoughts, and then I thought of the fever which 1 dreaded oo. After an hour of restless sleep, I awoke with a start, " Who's there ?" I cried. The lamp, which I had not extinguished, enabled me to convince myself that I was alone-absolutely, alone with the portrait. From my bed, whore I could no longer sleep, I looked long at this picture. It was a young girl, very pale, dressed in white, in an attitude of meditation ; she gazed at the window v with a strange earnestness. As one involuntrily follows the glance of a person near, I directed my eyes parallel to those of the portrait. The window had no curtains} beyond the panes appeared vaguely the indistinct silhouettes of the forest, and in the shadow there was a single star. Turning back toward Madeleine, I noticed that her gaze had become more in tense, but it was easy to explain to myself why it seemed so : plunged for an instant into the - night, my eyes should now see more clearly those of the portrait, on which the lamp shone full. What I could not explain, what 1 do not understand even yet, was an absurd idea the resultj no doubt, of my nervous excite ment--which led me to get up, open the sash, as if ;in obedience to the desire-of the portrait, and, the. window open, turn back to it to receive its thanks. A breath of wind which entered the- room extinguished the lamp, and the portrait disappeared. Without, the shadows were profound; beneath the low and black sky vast trees stood out, terrible against the night, about a great, pale space in which shivered furtive,.-steely lights! and the dimmed reflection of a single star- it was the pool. ' . ' . Shuddering, I knew not why, I gazed at theheavens, the trees, the pool. It slept, but it lived. I divined that a ceaseless agi tation moved it, revealed on the siuface by the trembling of the weeds.; strange visions were in its inky depths, shadowy dreams of that slumbering water whose - respiration rustled dolorously among the reeds. Some thing inquieting and fascinating lay prone in that sea. Near " the side toward the house the reeds were very thick; their heads; now- bowed, . now lifted up by the breeze, formed a moving black surface, which made still moro sombre the shadows of the neighboring trees. Was it'possible that the thing I now saw balancing itself on the tijp3 of the reed3 was but the reflection of a tree 1 I could distinguish perfectly a ,body and a. gigantic head, lightly stirred like - those of a giant asleep, rooked on shadowed waves, and two terrible arms stretched forth toward my window. I strove in vain to draw myself from the casement; li greater power than mine, a mysterious desire, held me rooted to the spot. I seemed to wait. ? For what ? I did not know-for something which was to hap pen. . I heard a slight noise beneath the window and lowered my head. Along the wall, something, I know not what-white, furtive, swift, like a white cloth in the wind-moved toward the pool. . It was a woman or her ghost.' One instant this vague form stopped and turned back. By the pale ray of the single star I saw a face and recognised it. Had I gone mad 7 1 recognised the face of the portrait. That face was Madeleine's 1 While she approached the pool the wind must have shifted, for the reeds, which just now had leaned from the side of my window, bend down now to. meet the young girl, and toward her reached the long arms of the Shadow cradled on the reed-tips. Madeleine seemed to hesitate, a prey to. violorit emotion. -Now she started toward the phantom of the pool; now she stood motion less and seemed about to retrace", her steps ; but.'soon she took up her interrupted course, 'and-reached the' spot among the interlacing treeB, the obscuro and indefinite line where land and water met. At the edge of the pool, almost within reach of the fantastic arms which strained toward her.as if. to en fold her,'she stopped. . Ia the heavens there was but a single star; there was a single star; too, in the pool. ? I was not dreaming, for I noted .that. .. ..: Long, long see stood undecided,and some times she seemed to wish'to fly to the bouse; but oftener/losti shivering in the breeze, in. the garb of death or of a bride, she held out her arms to the Shadow which silently called her. . - - -- . At last she throw herself intc the terrible pool.1 ' The water/must be' up to her waist,' for I saw only the whiteness of her breast; .-She advanced ever.toward the Shadow, and the' Shadow came to meet her. Then I saw" only"-her head, appearing from time to time between the reeds-then I saw nothing. But the rushes rattled more, dolorously, twisted, bent, 'pushed aside; the phantom which'followed the ,movement of their tips writhed so that his chest Bhrank away, from one aido, while his legs grew long on the other, and his arms, as if they enlaced in the-depths some prey caught at last, disap peared all at oncein a mighty parting of the reeds. ^ * . Madeleine had drowned herself in. this black, awful pool. - I had not seen her, but surely I would have heard her cry out, if the terrible water had not filled her mouth. Oh, horrible death"!--her feet sinking in the humid slime of the pool and her hands vainly clutching at the elusive isupport of the rushes I .. Little by little the motion became more rare,'moro conclusive, leBS prolonged ; Madeleine wos dead beyond a doubt. Anew the wind alone agitated the great, noisy grasses, and I saw the constant phantom slowly re-form Itself on the.surface of the greenish blackness.: The next day, at breakfast, I ato little and .spoke scarcely at all; the old steward asked .._^^Ilnlne^b'ateI_v^^\I1rcplio'J ;;>'jforI~ leave, this evening." '" *. '.' ; '. * ? ?.?';?' .'-*! A3 wo started toward: the pool, ! noliccd in-the forest an .old piece of ruined wall, , " What is that ?" I asked. " It is all that is left of an ancient chapel," replied Chartier; " your father greatly ad mired the stained-glass window, which re presents an apostle stretching his arms to ward heaven. When the moon rises behind the window, it casts the image of the apostle on the reeds of the pool. Sometimes, in the night, it is terrible." As Chartier said this, I felt my leps brushed by something furtive, soft and light, as if a cat bad rubbed against me. It was a napkin, still damp, detached by the wind from a cord where linen hung to dry a few steps from us, between two trees before the house. " WelJ," said I, to myself, " 1 must confess that the fever and wakefulness have played the fool with me. I have taken for a woman in white some sheet or garment borne by the wind, and for . a phantom the reflection of a stained window on tho reeds." And I began to Inugb, to reassure myself com pletely. But I returned to Paris that even ing., . Three years passed. I liad sold'fife Alders to an industrial company which intended to drain tho marshes. I had given no thought to my so.'oa.Jn at tho melancholy chateau, except nK® .\iid again on a sleepless night, when one ins:>ning, in a, journal opened at hazard, I B' ftfi Vic following: " In the . \ii5i2ftlthy district of whose inhabitants tSt'^dy begin to enjoy better health, that.Vi the draining of the marshes by a celebrnU 4 ,\\.'iilantrupmc society, there still remains a vast pool which forms part of the estate known as The Alders. This pool is famous in the legends of the country, j Each night, it is said, a gigantic phantom is i to bo seen, sleeping lightly on the tips of the reeds. Some enlightened persons having supposed that tho phantom was nothing but the reflection of an ancient stained-glftss .window in a wall near by, the wall was de molished ; but, by the report of tho people of the place, the phantom has not ceased to appear every night. . I " It has not ceased to appear 1" I repeated, with a shudder, and I read on with a feverish eye: However that may be, recently, while the workmen labored at the draining of the pool, one of them, in rolling some stones from the bank nearest M. Chatier's house, discovered among the reeds, deeply embedded in the mud, a skeleton absolutely stripped of flesh ; it is supposed that it is the skeleton of a young woman whoso death must hftvo taken place three or four years ago." . Then it wos not a piece of linen flying in the wind, that pale and hesitating form I had Been from the window-it was Madeleine herself, drawn into the pool by tho mirrored demon 1 Her death had taken place a full month before my arrival at the chateau. Some inscrutable will, then, had accorded me for a few hours the unpleasant power of retrospective vision; or, perhaps, the dead come from their shadowy abode, sometimes, at night, to visit again on earth tho scene of the agony.-Translated from the l<'rcuch of Calulle Mcmies. 