THE JUNCTIOM" AT CRAIG'S CORNER? \\(To the Editor of The Gippsloind, Mercury.) jSlr,—I, with others that live outside of the township of 1 Maffra; was Very pleased with tlie outBpoken manner4n -which you dealt with this junction, question. We yrould be, nearly, un-'rii'iione in i' going^ for the direct line from M'-.rTra to Saleif we" thought we had a ghost . ch'tnce of getting it, but we do not think tiav*s. .'-Tiifct; :in .our ? opinion,:" being the c«t, we most.decidedly object to be: probably cirriod for.all time, round' by, Stratford, when ivr- »re creditably j informed that if we, at tbe present time, were'"to give our assistance to rials there would not be the slightest, 'trouble iri getting ,the . jumitiop Lt .Craig's, You-can ihevtilnre itnagine how surprised we felt when Swe saw by the papers the position-the Maffra 1 - Progress Association took up at their last wjeeting. The pipers certa'nly stated that it waR a vpry.-small meeting, and' that*beihg""tlie case m.;'V p'. ---r'.ly 'account for the exceedingly Kinall amount of public' spirit exhibited "on ttjai: occasion. Just fancy a.,society styling ^eltiprogieisfve aslang: its representativei.iri'- J-';..rh,'.;men t not only not . .to ,assist the representative ot the adjoining electorate in getting wliat-be -was justly* entitled to; -but ito. gofurther .and . actually, object - to it;. ..What would we say if tbe Sale people were to write to their rep'esentative requesting, him to do ail ur l'is power .to prevent us..-from: getting! our railway station built on the side of -the-' line next our township? It is to be hoped that those who are really desirous.of seeing Gippsland progress wili. upon every occasion when of the above sort are- exhibited, do all their power to stamp it out at .onpe and for, ir.^.J; heard a party, some. time. ago. say.; that if we were only to agitate for a direct -line we would be.sure to get it.--on.-account of •our member having such a large interest m Mafva. AOD AIBO between Maffra.-aud While;.it us perfectly true that he hs-s such interest. we; at "the same time, think nur member is not the eort of man that momd-oppose » certain line that i would be-a\ to the public ai large Bimply because it i,t r,-9ss -hia -property.' .-more -particularly be ha"'l so "heartily supported it pre- IOOB to the electorate being subdivided. The action of a email section of tbe business people the towiiship.of Maffra;-m.-endeavounng -to '•"i the outside ratepayers .ipumshed i by y®; to pay , extra tram fare becausB they ilivs t.,i go to Sale and do-any business.,event.j taking f, meal there, certainly does not reiioo to their credit : and is bound-ultimately reeoilon them'to their disadvantage. Wg 6 on aecomit of your paper and Mr Landy t-[so ne...eni]ined!y into .this inal.r.tr, pelui that before (the present bili is imahvnealr.with. that this small line will yet be included in she bill. Tnere is not a man in the Muffra Shire .Council that pays anytbiugilibe the-amount for freight to the department that Cir Landy does: accordinf; to the reports ill the isjiers. some of the councillors did not seem-to c-i e what the "ratepayers had to .pay for .Hve.lhog by the trains.- as they bad . their hor-es and buggies, and consequently it: did <iot matter a straw to,them how their. less I ortunate neighbours got on.—Yours, etc.,.: ; July 9. RATEPAYER 