RECOLLECTIONS OF A LONDON DETECTIVE. By DETECTIVE-SERGEANT WILLIAM HOLBORN, jUnrderiog a Poet, There is a public house about half wsy be tween Wbitechapel and the docks whioh I U3ed often to drop into of a night when I happened to paBB that way, It wasn't a high-claaa place by any -means, and was mostly patronised by coBtere, sailors, and the very pooreat of the poor, But it had a very pretty barmaid , who wa3 also a very good little girl, with a great deal more womanliceBa in her than the moat of her kind, and it waB Bhe who drew me there as mnoh aa anything, Her name was Lottie Ship ater, and she had a great liking forme. Indeed, I have often thought that, had it not been for this knack I have always-had of drawing out the liking of so many, I should never have been half bo Bncceasfnl as a detective, Many a good tip and timely hint and warning I've got from these acqaaintanoeB which )conld never have been bought for money, Into this pnblio houae I dropped one evening when it was not at its busiest, I waa served by Lottie of course, and then lighted a cigar to wile away the time while I chatted with her. There waB a queer, constrained look about her face, and I could not understand it at all, for Bhe wbb a favorite with her mistress and she was allowed to do pretty much as Bhe liked, At length she said in a low tone— " Look at those two men at the far-off table. One is dark-haired and a gentleman, the other red haired and an Irishman," I looked bb directed and easily picked out the pair Bhe indicated. The dark one did look a gentleman every inoh and strangely out of place in such company, though there was a haggard and besotted look in his face which quite accounted for the circumstance. He looked about forty and was already almost grey-haired. The Irishman was Barney WeBt, a low brnte well known to me and who generally found employment about the docks when he did work, " And, of course, an Irishman can't be a gentleman," I laughingly returned, " Well, what of them? Yon don't want me to look after them, Burely J They're all right." " No, they're not—at least not both of them," she Eaid very warmly, " The gentleman is— but the Irishman's a devil, Now what can a brute like that want with a gentleman ? They're always together, and Barney", as he calls him self, is constantly priming that poor fellow with drink, He always pays for it like a lord, and presses the poor gent to take more, even when he's had more than enough, I've refused to serve them dozens of times, bat they've ju3t gone somewhere else where they're not so par ticular, I'll tell you what I think, Mr, Hoi born, but, of course, you'll langh at it, That Irish fiend is killing him by inohes." "How, withlJpoison?" I answered a little startled and looking along at the queer pair with greater interest; " Well, you may call it poison i! you like. Any thing's poison if yon take too much of it food as well as drink will kill anyone if they keep on swallowing it," The place was jnat busy enough to give me the chance of Btndying the pair without their noticing me, There were not many seated at the tables, but there was a good deal of stir in front of the bar with people fetching their supper beer. The gentleman was the wreck of a noble look ing man, His hair had been jet black and enrly, his eyes were fall and lustrous, though then glazed with drink; his features were good, and his brow, over which the hair Btraggled loose and unkempt, waB lofty and intelleotnaL His whole appearance impressed one at a glance with the idea of a man of great talents ruined, broken, and done for, and now consorting with wretohes far^beneath.him in education and* in tellect, His hands were white and soft, and the fingers long and taper, and quite a contrast to the Btumpy-fingered and dirty fi its of his oompanion. Yet the two hands met and were clasped as in the fondest friendship, The quick inBtinotB of the barmaid seemed to me to be not far astray, for Barney's face had a kind of fiendish look under his smile, and he waB far more wide awake and 1833 under the influence of drink than hi3 com panion, but I did not choose to let my thoughts be known, and I lightly said to Loitie— "Well, what would you have me do ?" "Just find out why Barney wishes to kill the poor gent," was the quick answer, " A wretch like that doesn't work for nothing, you may be mre, especially when it coats so muoh money, What would you think of a man who was always primmer you with brandy ?" " I should think him an uncommonly good fellow—better than most of thoselmeet," I 88'd, with a laugh. "I wish Barney would try to kill me with the same kindness," "There, you're only joking, you can't de ceive me," cried the quick-witted girl, "Now. depend upon it, he's trying to murder thit poor fellow—to get him out of the way—but in a way that will not bring himself into trouble, You see the cunning of the plan? Yon can take a man np for giving another poison or pushing him into the river, bat if he kills a man with brandy yon oan do nothing," " What good would it do Barney to kill a broken-down fool like that ?' I asked, " Has the gent any money ?" "No; none, He g6ts it sometimes from Barney and sometimes from his lawyer, ha says; but he's quite poor and very high spirited," There waB a cortain ring in Lottie's voioa and a sympathetic look in her eyes which doss not generally come to a woman till her feelings are more deeply stirred than usual, and I could not help saying, though half in jest— yi really believe, Lottie, that you're in lova with that drunken old fool," Quick as lightning her hand came ovrer tha counter and smaoked my faca—not lightly either—a good Bound ringing smack. Tha next moment she blushed and was sorry, and Baid.BO contritely, with tears in her bright eyes— f'I'm not in love with him, for you know well enough, Mr. Holborn, that I have a young man of my own," she said, when I had laughBd away her tears. " Bu^he is so kind and gentle and refined that I can't help pitying him ? Tha very sonnd of his voice is so sad and pitiful that I never heard him speak quietly to me, a3 be sometimes does, without wondering why ha has not had a sister or a mother to Bave bim," "You pity him? Well, that's next thing to loving him," I answered, "Mind you don't make your yonng man jealous," " Hump! as if I oared," she briskly retorted. "If he once was jsalous of me, and showed it, it would be the last time, Now, will you promise to try to Bave the poor fellow?" aha added in a way there never was any resisting, "He's just a baby in the Irishman's hands, and would drink off a tumbler of poison and thaDfe the brute for giviDg it just aa ready as brandy." I promised to do what I could, and wa3 rewarded by a look from Lottie's bright eyes that would have paid any labor I could do twenty times over. Very shortly Barney called for mpre drink, and there was a smart altercation between Lottie and him, which ended in'Barney being ordered out of theplaoe, He went, takiDg his drunken friend with him and making some reflections on Lottie, which made me feel Btrongly inclined to knock him down A look from the girl sent me after them, and Barney, quite unconscious of being followed, went tc another publichouse and asked for drink, but was refused there also— probably on ecconut of the state of his oom panion. The fresh air had had the effeot of intensifying the drunken stupor of the gentle man, and it was with the greatest difficulty that Barney cou'd keep him from flopping down all his length on the ground. Out they came again into the freezing cold air, and then pottered along some of the darkest alleys and lanes till they oame to a deserted: yard at the end of a narrow cut which no policeman ever entered. I felt sure Barney was planning a neat robbery, but waa quite mistaken. Tha gentleman sank softly to the ground and Barney allowed him to lie. " You'll sleep nicely there till morning," ha said, as he nimbly left the spot; and the wretch might have spoken the truth and the bitter frost been allowed to eat the life out of tha prostrate figure before a soul would have thought of interfering. I even thought that Barney gave a low chuckle of fiendish pleasure as be slunk away, as if proud of the neat way in which he- had provided an open air bed for his companion. The moment he w»3 gone I went in; stooped down, and sharply shook tha eenstlpss man. Ho would not be roused, and I bad to lift him up bodily and carry him out of the place. His olothea wsra not worth much, but most of these even wculd have been gone before morning in that quarter, I could scarcely keep him moving at first, but by and-by he began to move hia limbs mechanically, and at length I got bim as far as the bouse of an honest coster in the next alley. When I trnudled him into the kitchen and he blickingly saw the light he Beomed to imagine he was in a public-house, and called for drink. I had some drink brought, but not . the kind he had expected. It was a glass of soda water with a big dash of vinegar in it. He drank it off with many a wry face, and ODly nn my threatening to take him to the station honee as drunk and incapable. Tha effect soon appeared, for a better sobering drii k couldn't be made. He straightened up, looked about him, got clear in his ideas, saw the faces; abent hitn, and finally asked raiti-v: humbly how he came to be in such quarters. "You have your friend Barney to thank for it," I hastened to say. " He made you druuk. and then put you in' an empty yard up there, where yon'd have frozen to death before morn ing if 1 h&dnt; piobed yon up." " No—no—you're mistaken there," he slowly answered, trying hard to think clearly. Barney's the beBt man in the world—the moat disinterested friend I have. 'Yon mustn't aay a word. againBt him, The man who speaks against Barney hae to fight me!" and he made r feeble motion as if to clear his fists for action, "Fight yon!" I cried in derision} "why there'b a little man there"—and I pointed to the coster's youngest lad, a child of two or three—" who could knock you over by only blowing his breath on yon." There was a laugh all round at the sally, and the laughter appeared to arouBe and sober him quite as much as the vinegar had done before it. He became more dignified in his answers, end finally asked if he could go home. I offered to see him safe to Mb lodgings, and after I had explained who I was and to whoBe kindly in terest be owed my presence and help he frankly shook my hand and accepted the offer. I gave, him my arm—for he was still very un certain and Bhaky on his legs—and on the way began to draw out of him what his connection wbb with Barney. To my surprise I learned that Barney was but a casual acquaintance picked np in a publio house. He knew notMng of Barney except that be was the moat gene rous fellow in " standing drinks " that he had ever met. "What can induce him to b8 so generous ?" I asked. " Do you not know that he is only a dock laborer, and as poor aB yourself ?" "■ I don't know, except that he likes my poetry and sympathises with me in my wretched condition," was the simple reply. " Poetry ?—then you are an author?" I ex claimed, "Ties; a Cambridge man, too—a full B,A., who might have risen to the very highest posi tion in literaturs. Some years ago I published a book entitled the "Brotherhood of Man," and though poetry is said to be a drug in the market, mine went off like wildfire, My name ib Koyder Fane." " Well, I've heard that name, though I never read a book of poetry through in my life," I answer? d. " Then you must have friends and money ?" " I have relatives, but no friends,"hebitterly answered. The question appeared to have roused in him a great excitement, and he proceeded to give me the history of his fall. A woman had done it all. Eight or nine years before he had taken bis degree at Cambridge with such high honors that he was in doubt as to which profession he should adopt. A lady had given him her heart. and waited three years, giving every indication of the most lively affection. Next to her in his heart was enshrined a college friend, whom he bad known and communed with from boy hood. It waB at tbiB joyouatime that he wrote and published his glowing and burning thoughts in the form of a poem entitled "The Brotherhood of Man," The thoughts came straight from his own heart in the Btrong impulses of fall manhood, as yet free from bitterness or sorrow, and were everywhere hailed with delight. Just then his friend Btepped between him and his love, stole her heart, and married her, The blow nearly killed him, and it for ever de stroyed his faith in humanity. The whole spring was taken from Mb life, and a singular act was the first fruit of his disillusion. He stopped the sale, of Mb principal work, called in every copy that could be got hold of for money, and ordered them and the plates to be destroyed. "I could not perpetuate a lie, however flattering to mankind," he said, as he alluded to that act; "and, as I had been cruelly un deceived, I could not continue to deceive others, I intended, indeed, to write a second work as a counterblast to the first, which should exhibit man in all his treachery, weakness, and baseness—exactly as I had found him—but the dissipation into which I soon was glad to piunge to kill my sorrows gradually effaced the desire. Perbapa I may write it yet; for the poet is the only truth-speaker now left in this miserable and sordid world.", I tried to hint that I was still left in the world and a speaker of the truth, but the remark wa3 received in such a manner that I began to be lieve what I had often heard—that poets are all half-cracked. This grand " truth speaker," whom 1 had picked up drunk and saved from dying where he lay, then proceeded to tell me that his father had been a successful tanner and left Mm some property, and also the good will of the business, and that the nine years since his misfortune had been chiefly devoted to getting rid of that property. It waB fully bonded, and even his share in the business was mortgaged... The man who held most of these bonds was a printer named Petterkin, This man was related to Fane by marriage with a cousin, and had more than once offered to buy up the remaining little value left on the property, bnt to this Fane would not agree. As it stood it produced just enough to keep life in him, and if he sold the right the money would soon be squandered and he left to abso lute want, " I could easily make money by my beat work, ' The Brotherhood of Man,'" he proudly added, "but I will never enrich my self by propagating falsehood. The work is in great demand, and the copies are so scarce that tbey bring a high price, but it will never again seethe light—at least till I am 20 years in the grave." "Who was the printer of your book?" I asked as a curious thought crossed my mind. "Oh, Petterkin managed all that. He printed it and got a publisher to put his name on the title page. Neither of them expected it to Bell, but it did, and then they were savage at me for withdrawing it. Oh, these brutal business men ! who would weigh your brains in a pair of scales and measure out your heart's blood with a pint pot! what do they know about poetry or the prophet's or seer's sacred calling? The poet is the only prophet left in this age, and his mission is not to make money but thunder forth the truth," All ithis looks nonsense as (I put it down from memory, but as Fane eloquently threw it out, with Ms face all animation and his eyes flashing with a kind of inspiration, as it seemed, it had a very different effect. His enthusiasm swept all before it, and for the moment I even forgot the miserable diunkard in the man of genius. I left him only when I had seen him safely into the miserable hovel he occupied as a lodg ing, I had discovered all I wished and more, I now knew that whether or no anyone was really trying to end the ruined scholar's ex istence, there waB at lenst one person who was likeiy to be benefited by Mb death, What I had not expected to find was that Fane was not the brutalised being I had thought, but a man with the very highest aspirations still shining like a star through the gloom which has fallen on his life, I did not wonder now at Lottie's deep interest in th9 man and womanly pity for Mb condition, for I was smitten with the same disease myBelf. It was difficult, however, to decide how to save a man like that when he waB himself so helpless, and also so prejudiced in favor of that cunning Irishman, Barney West, againBt whom he would not hear a word. The lawyer who paid him the little money he still received was Fetterkin's agent, therefore I could not with safety go to him and state my suspicions and fears, In thiB way I believe crimes of the darkest kind are committed every week in this great city. They are never traced, never dia cevered, and if they were could not b3 punished. The friendless and lonely man or woman who has anything worth seizing is ia the most dangerouB position it is possible t> occupy on God's earth. One curious fact I discovered in my ccn vers&ticn; with Fane. The property he h&l; inherited was chiefly some rickety "Rents" at the East-end, and these I had often invaded at all hours in seaich of men and womea ''wanted," The moment Fane named the spot I knew it, and remembered also that Barney W eBt had his wretched home in that very block, Barney was a poor man and did not work more than he could help—where the a did he get the money which he spent so lavishly upon drink for the consumption of GoyderFane? I tried hard to discover that, but failed. Barney never went near Petterkin the man who had the chief interest in Fane' death, and if he was really employed by him the arrangemeutB for communicating with each other bad been made in some secret way defying detection, Barney continued to haunt Fane's society and to ply him with drink, till one day when I got hold of Fane alone, and tolerably sober, and put my suspicions plainly before him. I warned him that in a short time he would be in Ms grave, and tried to prove that .there was some one pushing him hard in that direction; but all my reasoning would have gone for nothing had it not been seconded by the tears of Lottie, the barmaid. Nor did the good girl's sympathy end with tears, Her quick woman's wit suggested a plan for testing the villains who were working against hioi, and she put it to Fane with such fervor and touch ing simplicity that in a moment of emotion Fane consented to put it in exeoution, The same night he appeared to get helplessly drunk under the care of Barney, who was forced to leave him near the dockB, as Fane persisted in finding his way home unaided. From that hour he was not heard of. His hovel of a lodging remained unoccupied; then the keepers of that lodging gave information of Fane's dis appearance. the rivers and docks were dragged, and one or two bodies were found, one of which was believed to be that of the dead poet. This body waB claimed and buried by Petter kin, and the very day after there was an ad vertisement of a new edition of f • The Brother hood of Man," by the late Goyder Fane, in all the morning papers. The new edition was bring printed at Petterkiu's offiae from plates which had never been destroyed, but only put p&et; out of sight. About the same time the mortgages on the " Rents" were abruptly fore closed, and the whole would have gone to Petter kin at hie own price, to be afterwards sold to a railway company about to cut through the spot. But while all these proceedings were in full twirg the "dead poet" was no farther off than Brighton, at which he had been provided with a comfortable home with Lottie's father sad mother. He got reports of these proceedings every day from me, and at length iiHtrasUdiae to pot the ease in the hands of a lawyer be named, one of the few men in whom he still trusted. By this gentleman's in a tractions I hnnted for Barney and even followed him to Ireland, bnt without getting hold of the slippery rascal, Barney got dear away to America, or I have no doubt we could have made him open bis mouth. Then we brought Fane down from Brighton, and went with him one forenoon to the printing office owned by Fetterkin. The proprietor had a little room at the back, which waB occupied alBO by a managing fore man and a female derk. The lawyer and I went in first, and asked Fetterkin if he could oblige ub with a copy of Goyder Fane's book. The printer said he was sorry he could not, as the book weB not out of the binder's hands, but in two days it would be ready. "You are a relative of the author, I be lieve I remarked on getting a signal from the lawyer, "Yes, he was my cousin," answered Petter kin, with a solemn look, " WaB ! Is he dead then ?" said the lawyer. "Yes, poor fellow; he may be said to have killed himself," was the reply, given with a sad shake of the bead, "Then who will reap the profit from his works ?" I aBked. " His wife and family 2" Fetterkin smiled and rubbed hiB handB. " There is seldom any profit from poetry, but if there should be any I dare say it will fall to me, and partly repay me for many au obligation which I heaped upon my unfor tunate but gifted relative." Just tbeu we affected to hear a knock at the door, and said, " Oome in," when in stepped the murdered poet and transfixed his affectionate and sorrowing relative with his reproaohful eyes. The effect wna horribly comical. Fetterkin dropped squat on the flcor, feebly waving to the ghost to keep back, but quite unable to utter a word to enforce his desire to be rid of the apparition. The ghost of the poet did not keep back or leave the room; on the contrary, it advanced till close to the shrinking body of the printer, when it applied a hard-toed boot so vigorously to his person aB to settle at once the question of its reality, Fetterkin was kicked all over the office by Fane, but that was the only punishment which could be inflicted upon him. He had com mitted no crime, as he loudly asserted, and therefore could defy us to arrest him. He was forced to account for his conduot iu not destroying the plates after being paid for them in full, and eagerly offered a handsome sum iu ; compromise rather than go into court, The book was published, though through a ! different firm, and brought a handsome return i to its author. From the fact that it was allowed ! to appear at all it can readily inferred that much of the bitterness and gloom had been cbaEed from Fane's life, and for that he had to thank the sympathetic and loving Lottie, Her own " young man" took umbrage at her kind neEB to Fane and left her, and then she and Fane grew closer, and finally were married. Lottie continued her gentle work of raising the fallen, and Fane is now one of the leading literary men in this city, I have altered his name and that of the book, but otherwise the faclB are untouched, 