Tales and ketches. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," "Sir Tom," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "Neighbours on the Green," "Oliver's Bride, &c.;, &c.;, [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER V. It was in the beginning of the shooting season, when birds were still plentiful and the best of the sportsmen visitors wore come or coming, that Letitia was one evening startled by hearing of tho arrival of a gentleman, who was one moro than the number expected. Such a thing had been known before ; for John's invitations were sometimes a little vague, and he occasionally made a mistake : but it was particularly annoying on this occasion, because Mrs. Parke had not been at home for toa, and, therefore, was not at hand to place thc unexpected guest " Thc only thing 1 could do, ma'am, in the circumstances," said thc butler, ?' was to refer to MÍES Hill, and she said th'egentlenmu must have her room ; so I put him in Miss Hill's room." "You were quito right, Saunders, since -Miss Hill was so kind ; aud I daresay it will bo all right But you hare not told mc who the gentleman was." Thc .butler made a little pause-a respect- able family servant never forgets that every family lnisits secrets. He coughed discreetly behind his hand. " I did not ask thc gentle- man's name, ma'am-Miss Hill seemed to know him very well." "Miss Hill-knew him very well!" Astonish meut and a certain consternation came into Letitia's face, tint Bhe recollected her- self, perceiving Saunders's look of extreme discretion, which is always an alarming thing. " I have no doubt it is all right," she said, with great self-possession, "and you have done exactly whatyou ought to have done in reFerring to Miss Hill-scud up someone to my room with a cup of good tea. One never gets tea ono can drink out of one's own house.' Mrs. Parke repeated to herself, " Someone Mary knows," under her breath. She was momentarily disturbed. Could it be a piece of presumption on Mary's part bringing in someone she knew? But this was so incredible that Letitia dismissed tho idea, laying it all upon the broad shoulders of John. " He must have made a mistake again," she said to herself. She was late, everyone had gone to dress for dinner, and the mistress of thc house only lingered for a moment in thc drawing-room to eec that all waa in order, to give a little pull to the curtains, and a little push to the chairs such as the mistress of the house always finds necessary when she is expecting guests, breaking the air of inevitable primness which thc best of servants arc apt to have. She looked round to sec that all was right, and tlieu she went upstairs to her room to dress. Mary was standing on the stairs at the end of tho corridor which lcd to the nursery, evidently waiting forber. "Oh, can 1 speak a word, Letitia V she said. "I don't seo how you can," said Mrs. Parke, "for I am late, and you know thc VVithcringhams arc coming. I cannot keep them waiting. But come iuto my room, if you like, willie I dress." Mary was not coining to dinner on that cvoning: so that she had no need to dress. She looked pale and anxious standing in thc her old grey gown. "But I must speak to you alone-not before your maid," she said. " Some naughtiness, I suppose," said Letitia with a little sigh of despairing impatience, " Really, you are too particular. But it must wait till to-morrow, my dear-I have oidy timo to slip on my dress." " But oh, Letitia-" "For goodness sake don't bother mc to death when you know the Witheringhams are coming," Mrs. Parke said. And she went into her room, leaving her friend standing outside. Letitia did not close the door, but felt it possible for Mary to follow her, if thc communication was so very urgent But this Miss Hill did not do. She hesitated a moment, wrung her hands, and then disap- peared like a ghost within the narrow portals of thc nursery passage. Hod Letitia only known the words that were on her lips, had Mary been less frightened, less terrified at the sound of ber own voice. But it could not have made much difference after all-the shock would have been perhaps less great-but to do away with it altogether was not in any one's power. doorway at thc end of thc Letitia dressed in great liaste. She had only time to swallow tho cup of tea which she hod ordered-to put on her velvet with the point lace and diamonds-a riviere, but nothing much to speak of, which Frogmore had sent her on the birth of tho heir-and to pull on one of her gloves, when a sound of carriage wheels in the avenue made her hurry downstairs to bc in her place before thc Witlieringbams arrived. Thc Witheringhams had never dined at Grecnpark before. They were very fine people indeed, thc oldest family in the county, though he was only a Baron, so rich that tiley did not know what to do with their money. They lived a great deal abroad, aud it so happened that Letitia had never before been able to offer ber hospitality to these distinguished persons who were so little in need of a dinner. For thc first time it had " suited " to-night, and to have been a moment late, or to have anything out of order, would have been a sin which j Letitia, Bucha model of social propriety as she was, would not have forgiven herself. Happily, she was not only in the drawing room herself, but two or three of the elite of her guests had come down in good time and stood about like black statues in that irreproachable temie which specially dis- tinguishes Englishmen. It was a moment indescribable when Letitia placed Lady With- cringham in tbo easiest chan-, and sitting down near her, with the warmest cordiality mingled with respect made thc discovery that this great lady's diamonds were really after all not aa good as her own. She did not betray thc consciousness, but it gave her a secret exhilaration. She felt that she approached her guests upon nearer terms. "It is a pleasure we have wished for so long, dear Lady Withcringham," she said, " to see you in our own house." *' Wc ore a great deal away," said tho old lady, " Withcringham can't stand the winter in England- and to tell thc truth when weare at homo wc are not fond of new people neither boori." "I hope," Baid Letitia, "that wo can scarcely bc considered no«- people now. After nearly seven years-" She saw her mistake immediately, but Lady Witheriiigliam only smiled. " My husband," she said, with a slight emphasis, " knew thc first Lord Frogmore. He got his title for something ur other-services to the LOVCIII mcnt." Herc thc old lady laughed, as if there could bc nothing more ridiculous tlinn acquiring a peerage in this way. " But I havo I heard," she said, utter a pauso, "that your own family was quite respectable." Letitia was not proud of her family, and juli n natural sentiment still existed in her bosom, which was touched by this remark. " Uh, indeed, I hope so," sho cried, with a slight movement of irritation, which she was not able to conceal. " I mean, of course, in point of antiquity," said Lady Withcringham, " in others rcspocts wc arc all in thc hands of Providence. Nothing, you know, can secure morals, or those sort of things-and less in an old family than in others, I sometimes think-Dear me, she added, raising a donblo eyeglass, and looking at tho other cud of the room with curiosity, "what have wc herc!" Lctitiu looked up, following Lady Withcr- ingham's glance, I may truly soy that if Mrs. liked to bring it forward as little Parke were to live for a hundred yean she would never forget the spectacle that now presented itself to ber eyes. The drawing room ut Groenpark was a long room, opening from an aute-room with large folding doors. In the middle of this ample opening stood a figure in a velvet coat, tho worse for wear, with a huge heard, long hair and a general air of savagery. He was a little scared apparently hy the Bight of so many people, and by the looks directed towards bim, and stood with a certain hesitation, looking with a half-bold half-alarmed air at the circle of ladies near tho fire. Letitia sprang to her feet, and caught John by the arm. "Go and see who it is? go and send him away," she said : hut even os she spoke her voice went out in a kind of hollow whisper. Oh, hcavou and earth I that this should happen to-night Everybody was looking towards tho same point, and John, much surprised, but not daunted, was walking towards this strange intruder, when he seemed to catch sight of Letitia standing thunderstruck by her own hearth. If she had kept lier seat aud thus kept partially out of sight, things might not have tumcd out so badly ; but everything went against her to-night. Thc stranger saw her and carno forward with a lurch and a shout " Hallo, Tisch !" he cried. HÍB voice was like a clap of thunder, and shook the pictures on thc walls. His big step made thc j whole house fhrill and creak. He caufrht her iii his arms in thc middle of all thc astonished ladies and gentlemen, and gave her a resound ing smack that might have hcen heard half f mile off. "How are you?' he said, "mj lass. I'm as glad to sec ye as if ye were tl» winner in a tip-top race. I began to thinl I'd been wrong directed and this wasn't my sister's house after all." The thoughts that passed through Letitia'! mind in thc moment of that embrace were toe many and too swift to be put on paper. She tore herself out of thc huge arms which held her up like an infant, jumping on the floor in a momentary paroxysm of passion, in which ii she could she would have killed thc inopportune visitor. But even white she did so a whole discussion, argument and counter argument, flashed through her mind. She would have liked to have killed him : but he was here, and the butler was at the door announcing that dinner was Ber ved, and Lady Witlierineham was certainly surveying this big brute, «his horrible savage-as Letititia called him in her heart-through those double eyeglasses. It was necessary that thc mistress of thc house should quench every sentiment and keep up appearances. She said, " Ralph !" with a little shriek in which some of her excitement got out. "Gracious goodness !" said Letitia, " I thought you were in Africa. How could you give me such a start without a word of warning. John, it's Ralph-." She paused a moment, and the desperate emergency put words into her mouth. " He has been after-big game-till ho looks like a lion out of the woods himself," she cried, with another little shriek-this time of laughter. There was a wildness in it which half betrayed her, but she recovered herself with a little stamp of her feet. " John," she said, "dinner is waiting-don't let us keep everything back for this little family scene. She seized lier brother by the hand while her guests filed off decorously, almost wounding im with thc «harp pressure of her finger nails. "Don't come to dinner," she whis- pered j " Mary Hill's in the house." Ralph gave another great laugh. " As if I didn't know that," bc said ; " but I'm coming to dinner. I want to see you in 'all your grandeur, Tisch." She had to take old Lord Withcrtaghom's arm while the brute waa talking, and to smile into tho old gentleman's face to sweep past the stranger, leaving him to follow or not as he pleased. Her heart was beating wildly with fury and dismay. "Don't you think, Lord VVitheringham, it is a bad thing when young men go off into the desert-after big game-and grow into savages?" she said. She laughed to blow off some of thc excite- ment, but there was a glare which nobody could have believed possible in her dull eyes. "That depends very much," said Lord Witberingbam, oracularly. He would not commit himself. "Sometimes it is the best thing a young man can do-sometimes it is not so fortunate." Letitia, who expected every moment to have a denial thundering over her shoulder aiiout this big game, and who knew very well that her brother Ralph had not gone away for hunting, as thc men did among whom she passed her life, but for very different reasons and to very different regions, was very glad to hurry ulong at the end of the procession listening to what went on behind, hoping against hope that Ralph might do what she suggested, that he might go in search of Mary, aud not appear at all among J people who so plainly did not want him. She thought for some time with a great relief that this was what had happened. But when she had taken her place in the dining room between Lord Witberingbam one one side arid young Lord George Hitherways on thc other, that place to which Bbc had looked forward to with so much pride and pleasure, she saw by thc little commotion among tho detached men who came in last, the wen who had no ladies to take care of, that there was no such relief for her. Ralph was in the midst of them conspicuous in his velvet coat. He pushed them about a little so as to get nearer to his sister. " I beg your pardon if I'm taking your place but I have not seen my sister for ten years," she heard him saying in his big voice ; and when all the guests were settled as near as possible in their right places, lo, there he was planted next to Mrs. Kington Mithin three of herself. Letitia grew pale when she saw that her brother was so near-then thanked her stars that at least, since it must be, he was within reach where she herself could do what was possible to subdue him. Oh, that Mary had but been there .' Oh, that Mary hod but said that word of warning which she had boen so anxious to give. Why did not the fool speak ? What did it matter whether the maid was present or not ? Three words only were needed-" Ralph is here," and then she would have known what to do. Letitia had looked forward to that dinner os her greatest triumph. She meant to have been sn brilliant and entertaining that Lord Withcringhain, who liked to have amusing young women to talk to him, might have been lilied with admiration : but how can you be witty and brilliant when yon arc straining yours cars to hear what somebody else is saying ? The conversation flagged in spite of all she could do. Lord Witberingbam devoted himself to his dinner with a loo!; of supreme gravity. She herself sat, violently loathing her food, but swallowing it in sheer desperation, feeling every idea that had been in lier head desert her. In fact poor Letitia was never brilliant in conversation, but this she did not know. Meanwhile Mrs. Kington was amusing her- self very much, and young Lord George did nothing but laugh and listen to the back- woodsman. "Tell mo about thc big game," thc lady had said in a little mellifluous voice. "1 shoot myself, mid my husband bas made thc most famous bags. He was in Africa too. Pray tell me about the big gamo. Did you go in for lions or elephants or what was it ! lt is so interesting to meet with a man fresh from thc desert. " "Yon arc very kind to say so, my lady," said Ralph, "but it's all nonsense about big game. That's only Tisch's fun. She knows very well I had something «juitc different in my mimi. I've bad a shot ut a kangaroo or a dog, and I'm sorry to Bay I've hit a black fellow more limn once by mistake. Perhaps that's what she calls big game. Well, it is if you come to Hint, and deuced serious game, too. You may shoot as many tigers us you like, and get a reward for it, as I've heard ; but if you shoot a block fellow, he's no usc even for his skin ; and if its known you get the Government upon your shoulders just tho same as if he was a Christian." " That is hard," said Mrs. Kington, in her pretty voice. " I suppose you mean negroes, Mr.-. " Slie stopped and looked at Letitia with that delightful impertinence of thc higher orders which is one of thc finest flowers of civilisation. "Do you know," she whis- pered to Lord George, yet not so low hut that Letitia could hear, "John Parke married BO much out of our act that I don't know what was her name." " My name is Ravelstone, and I don't care who knows it," said Ralph. " Wc are not very particular about names in tho bush. Sometimes you may live for years with a fellow at the same station and never know more than some nickname that's been given him. Tiley used to call mo-." " Your name is as old as any in Yorkshire, Ralph," said Letitia, arresting thc revelation. " Dear Lady Witlieringham was just saying so. Do you know what she said ? That you know thejírot Lord Frogmore, Lord Witlier- ingham. We won't let John hear, but I know what she meant. She meant that the l'arkcs were nobody to speak of ; but I am happy lo say Lady Witlieringham was cjuite acquainted with my family. Wo have never had a title. What is thc good of a mushroom title, that dates only from this century !" Lord Witlieringham said. " What is thc use," cried Letitia,' of putting on a gloss of nobility when you have thc sub- stance before ; and what is thc usc of plastering over a nome that means nothing with titles? For my part I think there's nothing like real antiquity-a family that has lived in thc same place and owned thc same ground from thc beginning of time." " Mre. Parke, I admire every word you say. Such just feeling is very uncommon," Lord Witlieringham Bald. " Lord, Tisch, how you do run 011 ! How father would have stared if he had heard you. A titlo for U8 .'-oh, by Jove !" cried Ralph. His roar Bhook the table. Oh, if some one would kill him-poison him-put him out of Letitia's sight ! "I entirely »...i u'i,i._JL with you, Mrs. Parke," 