liems of gite. A Police Stoke. — Probably before these lines appear , an absolutely unique strike w31 have in T-nnAnn a riegnun fan Hist city received, per Renter, last night announces a condition of things which gives rise to the gravest ap- rnvnemagna it would, appear that the tronhles among the London police, far Iran being settled, have grown mare serious than ever, and that some of &e; Bow-street men fusing to goondnty. Following Hue comes anetiee foam the men, issued yesterday, ad- wi a strike was certain to commenoe the same(las(l night. Howto provide for such a contingency as this will tax the resources ev»v, he Ehopkaere, intietT ofthe oongnon r m»y mfie to form a the orcumstauoes. , f \- . .. JsJ-ijfHii.il - .. ' DokV Be Aukmkd. In all nro- purposes, and we havebeen aSnSatomen- tionlha feritetudertiiriHiLmfllracrHams may nottoagme that afiteSsttufatw: egred bdl hangs on to the nrineuiles— «atedideedeiieaiBie laooiia mm have been removed, and it Ib now rianredOai dtwffldarii' and eterotfiMMhwiteaytwoynfles of tee statem..Jjr. Mahmaop haanade SSSS"SESS".-S5S" New Bdidnsgs. — Due to the enter- grise pf MrJUHorwitz, we _are to tor tesDflii pnTriinppv vni b&nDO.; On Batmday faalfcajnii acceptedkhe tender d;Nr. AEiiday, of Borilandifor ftejmfitfef a tenia of onhindjad- jiwiimg hi Natianal Unit yhomscn- riut The officer, four ip number, will he known as "Danti Buddings," and provide sccommodaiaan for the fbOowing firms, Messrs. Samnel Hnrwitz, eahates; Mr. -Gtix1 DBnet, auctioneer; Hfmva Elder, Smith and Co, stock and Ttation agents ; foe Hamilton Gas Com pany and foe "Ham3tan- Bn3dmg Soartr. Ihardd Buildings wiB be canstrncted af brack; and the plan promises a very ornate fate and a voy convenient arrange ment c£ commodious rooms. The architects are Messrs Hammond and Dowries, and TheaiiioaMtcf foe BnrreJnltendarls SUXkr MrJI.Coe, cf foe Yictcria Hotri, is also add ing to our buddings, Mr. Rowe, foe well- known contractor, being well forward with foe work of eiectillga series of shops ad joining foe Victoria, in Gray-street, on foe rite long occupied by wwl umxlpn bo3d- ings. .-What with these tati and foe new hospttal, the KmHingferi, «i guiHtm is not likely to be doll tor a considerable The Mpmbeb foe Ddndas. — Thus "Thmofosus" with rezd to Mr. Officer: — The fhrmalim of foe caocas baa not astonished anyone, but foe acceptance by Mr. Officer of foe post of chairman bas surprised one and alL Mr. Officer bas never seemed to be smlatious to lead. If he had so pleased he would have best pit in wnwwiKAti The fhe jvri of Aflfipffo'l l llTp. butfoe roleoffoe inflnential private mem- faer lufi atofi3' Hm. One rnxsgznes fc»u bs a rliurrfi effioe-faeazer as a muftcrr of rmirtr. Woe beafaaoksE, «ne lauBUuito thai he voold Amove m voto d 1 tfianVg from, satined fnr trig pEpgreaare bt«oad ansBrton poficy TQie idea sever oocozred to a acml tial a &01U wtiMti Vr A rriavenn azxd odsbos have lifidisws.u too v2d car" in. churscter woold h&\% ft »ruaiitM>f tor Dandas as its preddent. 23ie ftrtrmfp1 is credible that Mp- gctiibc ms Atj| in bis opjKuJlioD to fabe poticF rf expansion iqi to a wrini pnin bd when Mr. OSoer came to toe fawn in ft dspnia- tkm rocan he was near to nrmr to CTriaiming Et tm Brmte and. giving txp toe ghost of & pesstonce. On toe otoer band, toe assertion is to be discBsditod in caocas toe chairman is..as gay ae a Goon- <aBor PlejdeH wito toe wig off in toe room of toe Canoogato hocteky, as ready as tost worthy adrocsto to plav M High Jinks," and to&4 trie cry is. " Shoulder to tooolder sad we win, boys." The a£ davits which some "wwbiB aze willing to eawar would. -rrbtMirr no on soch a point. We may be sore the Chairman's influence is a tTmwg power. A Mean Thief. — During ife pro gress of foe football "i»e.ii g) Colereine a mesii thief paid a visit to foe room in which the Hamilton players had changed their attire and abstracted every ridumg that had, unfortunately, been left in anv of foe pockets, taking ' care however, 'not to take jewellery or any other articles that might subsequently be identified Several of foe Coteraine players were »l«n made to suffer, and in not a few instances, although tiie amounts stolen were not large, the loss will be severely felt, the owners of the stolen coins not bring possessed of a superabundance of wealth. Ore of foe Hamiltoniens, who could very Of afford it, lost 25s, and so for as we can lyn this was the largest haul rnmAm (u any particular ease. The Hospital Issteumests. — Since our last ipqi. Dr. BcDhdsos b.. re ceived donations mfMrntrng to £3 3s in connection with the fund raised for rt. purriiaseai hsfrmreute for the hospitaL A letter on this subject which appeared in our last issue, signed - A Work- ins M«" " commented on the alleged thiti the hospital OOP LMiit4j<i Wi iweft«nhJ those who wereinstenmentel . in obtaining thefnnds forfoe purpose of buving surgical requiremente. The secretary olttiefaomtel (Mr. G. A Wiggins) infnrmg nc Hi«I it. first official intimation that surii a fond was in eiiUeuce was zeorivedbv foe com mittee at their on last Tuesdav. Immediately afterwards, the secretarv JfTTite a letter thrpl-?Ti n ty n . i — a — -i t i Hie nuaaawm foe matter. Hamiltos Codxtt Gocbt. — The only case set down for at Hi" Court on Friday next is an action for breach of agreement, brought by J. Touching, of Byadnk, g»ingt Joshua Vines, of the Weston Stngf Company. Die plaintiff riaimfi £33. There are no for the General SesskmE. Rifle-Shootdtg. — The musketry re turns for the year ending 30ih June l«gt have been up in tiie dwfaii m »« »«my of Mounted Rifieg and rive results which are considered very satisfactory. UtMflm. 73 nftnwmmiwwmri ' iiBnm i. men com pleted foe cuurse fold down bv tiie rreu- fotimis. ' The total number of lritE obtained was 2253 out of a poosfote 3000, almost exactly 75 per cent. This will probably be found to compare favourably With any re turn furnished by a section of the Victorian military forces. Pfa» Eafrt <ilB«imlh« stands first on the list of foe oompanris maiksmen , with a score of 131 points, mid he is entitled ho wear a crown over his musketry badge (crossed rifles) for next year. The others who ere entitled to foe badge of a marksman are as follow:— Pie. A Coffins, Dunkrid, 124 prints; Pte. T. Clarke, Merino, 118 ; Serefc.-Hajoc Alri., 112 ; Pte J. Bannaru, Mysmyn, 111 ; Corp. W. Stock, Casterton, 111 ; Pte W. Enscoe, Merino, 110 ; Pte S. Boss, Hivheh 109 ; Pte J. Cw III! I llll. T8»«rlwlm. 106 ; Pte W. Rhodes, Merino, IDS; Pte D. Stock, Casterton, 105; Pte St James, Cote- raine, UM ; Corp. J. Bannam, Myamvn, 101 ; Pte C. Rhodes, Merino, 101 ;"uid Pte G. Norfooott, Merino, 100. AiiDniosAL Yards. — The Oafereine business of Messrs Laidlaw and Fenton has (says foe ABuon) so increreed dnring tiie time the firm has been in haribess in foe town tint extra aeoommodation has had to be provided at the cnttie yards. On Thursday tenders wree let for works, which will give extra yard comvenkmoes half as forge ae those now in nse. When; com- pfoted, aeoommodation win be provided for drafting and yarding 350 head of cattle. An Equitable iwuraamnr — An order for foe payment of 10s pa week to wards tiie support of his was made dgrmg last y-""cnm-Ttr CnHfawi puUican named AViBiam Edwards in favour of a young woman named "Waiiams. De fendant had to find one surety of £100 that he would comply with foe order, and wpanfifoi Wismin was called upon and was obhged to pay £100 to tiie.Crown. A petition wifo regard to foe dtfporifam elf this money was presented to the authorities, witt the result that the Minister id Justice has made a most equitable arrangement Mr. Cuttbert has ordered ttrifeWri 10s per week riwH be paid to foe rid 7 £1JQ until that amount y exhansted. Asti was dfotinctiy in fare mtmst.nd tor her protection that, foe- gwg>nlrwfag vfao m«Se toe order aguosi 5"5Prfktoto«iid»6ur that the .amount rd foe reoognimnce bas been forfaited it isajustandoommou-saise "rauwmsfo-wh permits foe deserted , A PqsaBLE ExPiAirAiios.— Brown- r areoorii nf "How foev broi foe that firet-class ore seldqmanerer in wanted the oovried rib, wbene it may be pmamri foe fo. bedden'pmeof peace is snaked qmeQv airi oamf«te%„has togbeen an enigma te we WHinttfitm Tnsre is, him im t bwaifc fqfcmfini in tiie rircumsteree Ibat are cd-'' the psfom sentries is st present rimrgrd wifo iit«|iiiicon Ins post He h« dmielwearesffion, fowefoiH the don mnst be heard by the PnHic Service Board, rise people outside the prison would bam heard nothing about it For we are told that the case is the first of tiie WiWi ib«t has been defended, winch statement is sm- plemented by tiie following rignir«.< n. (hm's, "PrevjouE offembaL in tins foie-)i(ali«l (giill) totbe cfaappL" hardly necessary to go tm wondering se to the (nmhlity of aungrimg contraband firiadwstiAiPfwfaitigft. ' " The Laxd Ace. — Licenses approved: 3\. DIBourke, Tookmgroak. Jiases a proved : C. Gray, Tollahsr; A. HT HiHiHUfam ; G. Hemtias . y_ Jones. »''fa"n ; N Xtidie, Werrain ; j, Maher, Ursngsra - B- IV ebb, Dunaig;R. Allen, Terioodo; a Laws, Dahwedarre : F. Miller, Tarranyuik - J. O'Bourke, Tuxandurey ; J. BosttofosaL loon; P. Tierney, kunifc Koonik; f Thomas "Wenigar ; H. Writb, Katimsk ; A Etewart, Booroopki; and A Dowimr! Dartmoor. . CbOWA Luds Ram — It is igg. mated foot & srie of Cnwc lands will be hdd at tiie rooms of Mesas. B- S. Bree and Civ, HsmiWnn, on (he gfo of August The Hamilton-town lands to be offered constt of fori lots in section 74, near the Ehcnr Ground, four kite in Shakespeare- street, one in Homer-street and neeeninMiltan-sizBeL Four sllptznents Fitnated laAwueu and Willis rimfa, Dmkrid, ore an tin list; also right lariwai Gobb sod Ritchie bUeoto, PemJiyrst; aria cotmie of afloi- mrete nearly the retiwsystetion at Gkn- timmpmm. A fieine water resove at WajTwhltook containing S9alr p, will be submitted on tiie same oocaBon. Qs August 13th, a sale of Crown ists take plage at Kdenhnpe. IhEzeare rieven eUotzbents in the towntiup of Edenhope and fiffaCT in tiie tuwntiiip of (foetwynd in ducted in tiie schedule, also s cmmtiv loi (st tiie site of W. H. HmHeys improve- msitsl in foe parish of Kadnoak. Detailed particulars of these sales will no doubt be SdTECfased Bk wnw WiLLiAJtsiowsr Baces. — The re- saits of a race meeting hrid in WHliams- town on Saturday axe se fdlov : — HttWTIo Race — Gulpbs, 1; ScalierSela. 2; Tfm Flower, 3. Railway Stskee — Chruaograph, 1; Derison, 2: Gasperone, 3. FUTW Rsne — Summer, 1 ; Coronation, 2 ; St. John, 3- Steqdechasp — StieamwH-h p Secretory; DusJop, 3. Eprom Handkap — Derision, 1 ; Gay Monarch, 2 ; La Ihr Beusoed Deooxfosiios. — Tbe Bev. B. S. Gandy, id Canterbury .meEtioob a curious case of retarded decomposition of a human body which, says the Fuoiiri! Methane, ttonld be brouriit to the rites- tion of those who are studying the question of cremation or burial. A tomb has been opened reeentiy in Canterbury Cathedral with the object of discovering tiie identity of tiie body, and tiie evidence points to Hnbert Walter, who died Archbishop m 1204\. But these are important facte: " The body found in the tomb, thongh it bas been lying there nearly or quite TOO years, was in an extremely offensive con dition _ indeed ; tiie gmefl arising from it wae qoito arni nmmstafe&bly; toat of corrupt hnznamtr. Axmmber of scticJes of gre&t; mfaipiBntP mtottt wae foizzid in ft» tomb and re moved to fee Moet of toam were in an prnpTlpnt stete of pre- fetififaop. The? vrere a s3rs> rfiniwto and p atea ae good ae xiew? toe Archbishop's paetocal staff, a gold zzngwztolarge bwhiM hexing a cuzaoas device, oik booa orna mented ito gold toroad acd gBcmrtE. a yeOotrsilb nzztoe azid enhcoided stole, etc. Two or toree davs »flw tocese erodes Mrote removed from toe tomb they retained toe smell of toe dead body toat they bad been go long in contact ailh, and 6k mriwii nbe go Etoag.toat I did not lose toe of it for scone boars." Presumably toe body bad been embalmed in anm» way, or vse pituimatyflie ccmditwaifeof its Euzraond- ings. PAIE AKDDABK. — Sgje "BohaDisn19 song begins. cTis iroman toiii maaikind," and reelly ifc most be allowed toat womaBt When toe gives bermindto it. does suzpriEtng ftinw: WIpw is s cⅇ in poznx tafan from & panosac law re port. Two vbue aso HcBrovnalEsossE, mimed a blonde luy, whn wtA bi>n aw eicdiatt wife, and during ftai «nw var Mr. Steptoe, of Chicago, wwni a dark- haired lady, wito whom be wbe exoeediiv happy. Farb of toe wives bad a habit Of Spgndii e few mmitfiP nf Ac rpcy with mamma, but as that was bpetor toan allowing wiwnnik to visit ftwn, ftp bos- bandsiejoioedJbr absence ftp lwrt grow fmdff. Bus one dav Mr. Brown happened to meet Mr. Stcptoe and atoed him homp to and whes ftp hostess entered toe room it bmrfl «rt ftat two men bad only one wife hi u m> town. But flbey boto die lady so """1 toe matter is to be hctoed up apm.oQEof toem securing toe Truly, women have many prtT&geg; — in 