Novelist. MOIRA. Aq Origiqai Australian Story/ CHAPTER XXTT. (Continued.) Mr. Bingham was as honorable a man as you'd drop across during the proverbial day's walk. Bnt he did not consider that he violated any code of honor, when having comfortably dined he withdrew to his snuggery, and, removing the wrapper, opened the parcel and set to work to read the contents of the papers. That these contents were most interesting may be gathered from the circumstance that it was long past midnight ere he laid down-the last of the papers. " Well," he said, " this surpasses belief. That Damford has been a convict I was assured; but that Arden, the father of the young- fellow I have learned to lore almost as a son, should have been one also, seems incredible. Tet here we hare proof—proof that these are the men whose imiraculous escape from Slacquarifc Harbor was the talk of the island when I was stationed there with my regiment. Now what is to be done. These papers, it is evident, were never intended by that unlucky rascal to meet official eye. The fellow never counted upon his sudden removal from his sphere of plot and mischief. I shall keep these documents, for the present at anyrate, for though I should , have no compunction in running Damford, I would not harm that fine young fellow for a million. Great Heaven, upon what a volcano do some of us rest unconsciously ''' Meanwhile, as though fate were relentless in herpersecatiott of the unhappy Damford, Mr. Bingham was placed in possession of other and still more startling information, The woman who acted as his housekeeper, and whom I have referred tu as of singular appearance, is dark and swarthy, with masses of white hair and keen black eyes, one morning came to him. 'Sir," she said, -'I am aware that you were interested in that strange death the other day of a Mr. Trill." "Only so far, Martha," interrupted Mr Bingham, "that I thought it rather curious— the boy should have been so affected by smoking the butt of a cigar the man threw away. " That, is so,'" said the woman with a ghost of a smile upon her face. "And I was also curious on that point. I happen to have seen some strange things in my life, sir, and I am convinced that the cigar was poisoned. Sir," she went on, "here is a cigar, which, if you smoked, would send you hence ere morning broke." Bingham shrank back. t'-Good God ! woman/' he gasped, what do you mean ?" "Simply this, that I know a weinan here in Melbourne, who makes those cigars. She is a Malay. I met her one day in the Fitzroy Gardens. Seeing ay dark skin and foreign looks, she spoke to me. She was glad when she learned I spoke Spanish, and that I was indeed a native of Spain. She asked me to visit her—she lives at Carlton. Often, when I have leisure, I go to see her. We have become intimate. Sir, when I heard of that >trange affair, I felt convinced this woman—this Parquita—had a hand in it. I resolved to ascertain, if possible, if my suspicions were correct." "And the result?" cried Bingham excitedly. "Is here," and she placed the cigar oh the table. "I went to Parquita aud told her I had an enemy whom I wished removed. She asked if this enemy were man or woman. I told her it was a man—my master. 'Does he smoke ?' said she. ' He is always smoking.' I answered. She went 10 a cupboard and brought forth a small box. From this she took this cigar." "Let him smoke this, my friend/ 3 she said, "and he will smoke no more, eh ?» Iasked ifshe was sure, and if there was no danger of discovery. " None," she said. «R eEt quiet. Why, I obliged Many. Kot long ag0 I enabled a: rich gentleman here to remove an enemy It was funny, in the newspapers to read- Diablo ! I cannot read myself—the curious things that were said. Then she laughed, ! and said that a boy had picked up a piece of the cigar and that it nearly removed Ithn also. Sir, is this not wonderful news ?" i "You will not breathe a whisper of this matter, woman," said Bingham, « to anybody." "Not a word, sir. It was because I knew you wished to know that I have sought to ascertain for yon. Master, you have been good to the poor convict woman, and she would lay down her life to save you." " I believe you, Martha," answered Bingham gently, "and thank yon. What did you pay for this, woman ?" "She would not take pay. She said she was rich-that the gentleman she spoke of had long allowed her a liberal pension. Master, it is very strange-but my part is done. I am content if I have pleased you." "I thank yon," was the answer. "And S L F - — • gazing The woman at the cigar left w for the fully room. ml ten — Bingham minutes. — sat It was a large, dark-colored Havanah shaped cigar, looking very tempting to a smoker. It fascinated him.. He could scarce refrain from testing- its excellence, and turned over in his fingers with grim curiosity. "To think that this harmless looking cigar is possessed of such devilish quality, he muttered. " And what recklessness of the woman to give it to Martha ! There is but ^ W xnereispu* conclusion—she does not fear analysis, But we -shall see what M'Adam has to say about it. And if it be as I believe, then my duty is clear. Ned Arden shall never many the daughter of an assassin." CHAPTER XXTTL JIB, BIXGHAll'S TEEMS. " As well beat the air, sirrah! as hope to change his purpose." •—Evelyn. Bingham lost no tune in visiting the leading analytical chemist of the day, a gentleman of an intellectual cast of countenance, wearing his black hair long to his shoulders, and altogether of eccentric character. He and the late Mr. Bleasdale were first friends, and it is questionable whether since their departure for the unknown world, two men their equals in the science of chemistry have succeeded them. But alas! science and the worldly wisdom which is necessary to worldly success, do not always run together, Neither MacAdam nor Bleasdale was a man tojjushhis fortunes.. They were hon viranlf. kindly, good-hearted respectable persons, with a keen relish for a bottle of good wine, or a glass of whiskey punch. But as for " raking in the dollars," as the Yankees put it, they were altogether unfitted to the task. " I want this cigar analysed, MacAdam," said Bingham. "I have reason to believe !t is poisoned." " Poisoned !" echoed the chemist. u Yes, and that there will be great diffi- culty in ascertaining the nature of the poison." Humphgrumbled the chemist. " If ' there is poison in that cigar, other than its natural nicotine, I'll find it out by to-morrow morning." " A fee Mac- of £5$, if you do." " Ha ha!" said the chemist. " Then this is something serious." Nothing more than bringing home a murder to' a man."' " Well, it couldn't well be more serious. Leave the thing with me, and I'll do my best." On the following morning = Bingham found the chemist still busy with his analysis " This puzzles me, I confess," he said. " That the cigar is poisoned, I have good proof. Here are a rabbit and a dog that testify to the fact. They were operated upon last night. They died this morning in a profonnd sleep. It was not the nicotine that killed them—I counteracted that. But for the life of me I can't make out what poison resides in the infernal thing. How the deuce did you c»me by it." " You remember that case of Trill's. You analysed the poor devil's stomach you know.' 3 " Yes—yes. But there was no poison to be found there. The brain, I remember, was congested, as from the use of some narcotic. Did he smoke one of these things ?" Bingham nodded. "The poison, whatever it is, is vegetable. That is all I can say about it. I'll defy anybody te say more." Tet you codld swear that by smoking such a cigar a man would meet his death. Confidently. There can be no doubt of it. But the poison is unknown to European science. I should judge it to lie of eastern origin. w The Malays, j - and Africans, i-iJ j we know possess knowledge of vegetable poisons which is not as yet ours." " Weli, I am so far satisfied, Mac. Here is j our cheque. Nay, nay. you have earned it. A31 I want now is a written report of your analysis, and its peculiar features and results." The chemist readily complied, and Bingham departed with the report in his pocket, the chemist happy with a cheque for in his.' "Now," muttered he. as he strode down the street, " to humble the impostor." He went straight to the club where he was sure to find Damford. The squatter was seated at a table with several others, all of whom were discussing a measure which Aiden had given notice lis meant to introduce to the assembly. Bingham took a seat close by. " Hoo is it Damford," said Mr. M'Tavisb, that ye and Arden have patched up a peace or truce—which is it V" : " Well, you see, M'Tavish," said Damford, " one can never forsee events. My daughter has had the bad taste to fall in love with young Arden. I hare nothing to say against the young fellow. He i= clever and promises welL But for all that he is a member of this club he is tainted with his father's radicalism." "He writes most of those articles in the Period, which cut us up. I know that," said a stout, red-faced gentleman. " And I don't think it the—the thing—you know, for a radical fellow to come here and listen to our views, and then flay us alive in that cursed democratic rag—by Geerge, I don't." MTavisk laughed. "Hoot, hoot mon—a'is fair in love and war. The laddie is a fine young fellow, and though he comes here, he never stoops to hide his views from us. He's joost frank and outspoken, and I like him." ' Ahem!" said Damford, " that may be so. But I had other views for my daughter." "Ooo, aye," grunted MTavish, "that's maistly the way. Ye canna' run against nature, Damford." "No," sighed the other. "I find that so. And I have to thank you, Bingham, for this trouble. It was you who first introduced the young people to each other." I was never more sorry for anything in V^-^-sstSE; don't think there is much so far. Young Arden Ehejaculated must not marry this Damford, young ladv." VUJ.lUUg turning quickly in his chair. ' " Pray what hare you to do with the matter sir. This is like your cursed impudence." Bingham smiled. "Give me ten minutes conversation," said he, " and I think I can convince yon I have a very good right to interfere in this matter." Everybody stared, coughed, and affected •- ».~v ----- 'hat tat ^sibleind^rence impossible indifference w,th with whrch.people which people Damford w «ek to Me their canosity. Damford grew deadly pale, bat arose. "Yon are .speaking riddles to me, Mr. Bingham," said- be. «I^all jbeglad to bear something explicit," and he moved away, motaoning the other to follow. "A Ely deevil, that Bingham," said MiTavish. " He kens mair than a Highland seer, I jalouse—at anyrate, aboot Damford." 1 1 Now, sir," said Bingham, as he and Damford entered a private room. "Sit dewn, andirun yonr eye over this report,' and lie laid the chemist's statement before him. Damford adjusted his spectacles with apitiable attempt to control his agitation Bnt, as he read on, he grew white, Ms teeth chattered, and he rambled visibly. " What—what has this to do with me ?" he presently stuttered. " With such a cigar," said Bingham, coldly, "Trill was poisoned. You gave him the cigar—we hare evidenae of that. You procured that cigar from Parquita, a Malay woman, who lives at Carlton." "My God !" groaned the unhappy, man " She is your pensioner," pursued Bingham relentlessly. "That you had reasons" to desire Trill's death, I have abundant evidence. I hold papers to prove that he wa" aware you were an escaped convict, and that he had traded upon that knowledge to make you introduce him in society, , and further to acquesc in his suit with your idaughter Olive. Come, sir, do I hold all the trumps, or not?" a s The squatter did not answer. He had fallen back in liis chair, his eyes were closed, his if ace drawn by his mental agony. - Bing - ham, at that moment, almost ,pited him. At last Damford spoke. "Supposing—supposing," he said, in a strange hesitating way, " that what you say were true. j wi What i. then—what ii —i.... do j. you —„.. wish r ? 5 to deliver me to justice ?" " Not if yon comply—aud promptly—with my terms.' "And_ what — are they j ?' "That you instantly leave the colony, You need take but little time to do so—a fortnight should suffice. You must keep your purpose secret, and leave without announcement with your family. Hide yourself anywhere—America should afford you asylum. You are rich, and need have no fear on that score. But if you persist in remaining here, I pledge you my word I shall denounce you, both as an escaped convict and as a murderer. A6 the former, I have known you for a long time past." The squatter threw Ins arms upon the table, and bent his head upon them. His gray hairs trailed across his fingers, his form shivered. Still Bingham did not relent. Now you know," said he, "why I said that young Arden shall not marry your daughter." " Why cried the other suddenly—Arden himself.". " I know," interrapted the other. " Arden also an escaped convict. When you left to d * e J k® £ ot away in an American whaler. Trill's papers on the subject are TCr y complete and interesting, But there is difference between an escaped convict and cold- blooded murderer. I like young Arden—I shall make him my w heir: with his father I have nothing to do. But I determined he shall not farther sully his name by marrying the daughter of an assassin. _ Come sir, your answer. Do yon accept my terms •'" The squatter raised) his wan and haggard face—his eyes looked very wistfuL "I accept your terms. You need not fear In a few days 1 shall have departed— for ever," Bingham looked keenly into the other's face. Something hi the man's voice and manner aroused suspicion." "You will leave Australia forever? Is that what you mean ?" Yes, that is what I mean," said the other. " And now sir, I must ask yon to trust me. I shall make no further resistance to your wishes. I shall cheerfully resign the position I have won here, and the hopes I entertained for the advancement of my family. I want peacc and rest, as you say," and he smiled bitterly. " I am rich, and can purchase both." "Very well," said Bingham, folding up the chemist's report, " that is satisfactory. I hope you may find rest and peace, and find forgiveness also from Heaven, for the crimes you have committed. On my part—and you know you can trust my word—I pledge myself to be as silent as the grave." Aye !" said the squatter,« as the grave," and he moved away. An astonishing change had come to him. An hour before he was alert and quick of movement. He moved now feebly, and with the uncertain air of one who can barely see his way. His form was bent, and he used his hands as though groping in the dark. Bingham watched) him curiougty. "He is stricken hard," said he. "Poor devil! Ms temptation was great. Bathe shall not thwart my purpose. He must go, and leave no sign whither he has gone." CHAPTER XXIV. IX THE TOILS AXD DESPERATE. "What then? In the dark hour of despair "shall puling conscience cheat lis? Nay—'tishe.or J, and one must die." The squatter called a cab, and was driven to the top of Lygon street, Carlton, where he alighted. Then by a circuitous route he readied the woman Parquita's house. She was within, and welcomed Damford with an . air of surprise. It was not often she saw her patron, and when he did visit her she naturally concluded that business was meant Not that business with Parquita always took the tragic form of that which had recently been transacted between herself and Damford. Curiously enough the squatter, despite his strongjcharacter, was singularlysuperstitious, ^ t l ^ T ' ST* f f ' B i n g h mente, professed the art of reading the future, ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ artof reading the future, had ^ ^ ^ wuoiulcu uer ^en ^ ^ about ^ to to take nai+ part in some speculation, aud oddly enough, always with profit. It hardly to be wondered at, that he should ene„- tertalnl* respect for this eingular woman, which was akin to awe. Bnt upon this present occasion, this feeling had yielded to the passionate despair which had seized npon him, when Bingham revealed his knowledge of his past 'deeds. He could not but think that Bingham had received his information from Parquita, not indeed, directly, but by some superior treachery on the -pari; of some one who had over-reached the Malay woman. " Parquita," be said, "I am undone. 1 " Carramba ! what mean yon." Than he told her of his interview with Bingham, and the unquestionable evidence that person possessedof the manner of Trill's death. The woman listened with glistening eyes and parted lips Tell me," she said, "This Bingham, is he rich?" Yes." " Does he have many servants? " Yes. he keeps a good house." " A housekeepers-has he one ? Tell nie quick." " Why yes, I think so. A curious sort of woman. I have heard. A Spanish Gipsy." "Ah, maladeUoejaculated the woman t ; miserable fool that I am. Yes I see it all. have been trapi>ed, ri.- J Carramba, but uuu I ^ shall te venged, and yon—you, my good true friend, hall yon yield to this man's threats ? " The squatter smilled sadly. " I have no other resource," he answered. " It is certain that he holds me in his power. Even if he could not prove r" ~ that I—that * Trill ii'ii died uiux in that way, you know, he has other knowledge with which he would crush me." The woman^ who was sitting on her' haun> chssj in 3£alay fashion; bent her face in ber . . . . hands, and rocked herself to and fro. Presently she sprang to her feet. "Tush!" she exclaimed. "You must not rield. What matters one more ? It is yon or he for — it. — We will kill .——, him, Guilliamo, kill him!" and she clenched her hands and stamped her naked foot up«B the floor. " Aye," said the squatter. "But how ?" "How! easily. I have a dozen cunning ways Guilliamo. See," and she went to the cupboard and withdrew a square box. From this she drew several vials." "Each of these little bottles contains the power to kill a hundred men or women. Ah! it is we who know. Before a week has passed, my friend, my friend, see you—that treacherous Spainard shall prove my words. And as for your Bingham, behold," and she drew jirom a vial a small globule, transparent, like a pearL" " See, sir," see cried in a kind of ecstacy, this dropped into a cup of wine or coffee, dissolves Instantlv. Swallowed it works death in a few minutes—painless death." " Have you nothing that kills instantly, Parquita?" asked Damford hoar»ely. Aye. This, and she held up a small vial filled with pink liquid." "Behold! this, if applied to a man's nostrils when he sleeps, sends his soul forth in five seconds. It is so deadly, Guilliamo, that if a drop be sprinkled on a rose, and smell the perfume of the flower, you die within a sainutc." "Give it to me—Give it to me," cried Damford, "that is what I want." "^Nay, let mc prove my words," and she.left the room, returning presently with a letter. "See now—stand not near. This must be given at arm's length. Behold 1" She withdrew the cork from the vial, and rapidly passed the bottle under the kitten's nose. The poor brute shivered, became convulsed, and died. Parquita looked around triumphantly. " See now, Guilliamo. Shall you yield now without a struggle. Pshaw !" The squatter's eyes glittered. "But lipw—in what way shall I be able to administer this terrible 'poison. I hare no means of approaching Bingham." " Tut. Leave that to me. Go home, dear friend. It is I who shall rescuc you. Ha! how clever these people are, eh ? But not so elever as the Malay woman. And yet why should I boast. I, who have so easily been trapped by that aceursed Spaniard, El JJiablocome, my friend—some wine. Here is a rich Maderia. Drink and laugh. What! shall these inebriates hound you to despair. Nay, not so, while ParquitaTives !" She.poured out a full tumbler of wine, and the Bquatter drank it off. It steadied his nerves, which, in truth, had been sadly shaken. He was not really a bad man—he was kindly at heart, and generous. But good men often fall beneath the weight of circumstances j a fact which presents a curious problem to those comfortable people who are always preaching personal responsibility, and the power of all men to regulate their lives and actions. Paquita," said he, " give me some of those globules. They may be of use." She looked at sharply. " You would have them in case of failure, eh ? Then you would kill yourself." "I know not. At anyrate, if I should do so mad a thing, it would be well to die an She looked at him fixedly, for foil a minute. Then she suddenly sank upon her knees, and seizing his hand, pressed it to her breast and lips." Guilliamo," she cried, " we are old—yet in my heart my young love lives. Oh! I am withered now, and ugly. Yes, I know it. But my young love lives. Promise me, promise me, that not unless I fail shall you come -to do that last dark thing. Promise m e - "Si, si," he cried, almost with impatience and speaking in Spanish, "L do promise But if you should fail, you know there is no hope for me—but that. 3 ' r : El Diablo !" said the woman, " so be it. 1 am content, because T know that I shall not fail. Ere the sun rises - on the blessed ^ay rest and worship. Carramba ! yonr a m shall beplaced beyond the power of doing mischief. It is I Parquita who say it. I, doing the inheritor mrschxef. of It a is thousand Parquita secrets who of say lie it. • "i» uuiuAaaa eecrets oi lite and death. See Guilliamo. You know I can read of the beyond. It is so. It is given to me w to do so. ^ My ^ people p ^ for two h hundred years have practiced magic. Behold!' With a dramatic gesture, the woman drew aside a curtain and revealed a mirror. -She lighted two lamps on either side. Then she swiftly ignitSd some substance in a brazier, and the room was instantly filled with [a cloud of aromatic smoke. a Look at the mirror, Guilliamo !"cried the Malay. The squatter did so, fearfully. As he gazed, he saw—or thought he saw—a shadowy picture. A man lay on a bed asleep, a night lamp on a table by the bedside. The face was Bingham's. Presently a dark form crept towards the bed, with the stealthy noiseless step of a panther. The face, half hidden by a shawl revealed the features of Parquita. She crept close to the sleeping man, <and taking from her bosom a vial, withdrew the stopper, and rapidly placed the open bottle, beneath the man's nostriis. The squatter marked how instantly the face became rigid; how a quick spasm convulsed the form: how the jaws dropped apart, and the eyes, opening wide, were fixed in the stare of death. The woman re-stopped the vial, and returned it to her bosom. Then she took the lamp and sought for a bunch of keys in the man's clothing. She found them, and noiselessly opened a cabinet, and took therefrom a mass of papers, at which she gazed stupidly. " Ah 3 cried Parquita, at this point. " Yes see, I cannot read—maladetto ! ; The papers arc cuclosed in a stout blue wrapper," gasped the squatter, "and in a corner, is a cross in read ink." B tie HO " :then I shall know. Now Guilliamo, do you doubt of my success." I believe Parquita, that yon are in league with Satan himself, was the answer, as Damford wiped the sweat from his brow. The woman laughed. "And if so, a»«iyo," she auswered " why all the better for you. Who should better help ns in evil doing, than the Prince of Evil himself, eh? But rest you content. I do not fear, for I have never failed, and I have a personal matter to settle in that house. Caramba that accursed gipsy shall die the death, even as her master does." " Aye—she must die'also. For if she lives, she will have much to say that will render her master's death useless^ to us. But Parquita, how do you hope to get access to the house."' Nay, heed not that. I shall find my way, doubt it not. And now go, my friend, and be wary. Go not through the front way. Who knows who may be watching. You can find your way by the lane that runs from the back of the house. Oh beware of treachery. It would nndo ns indeed, if it were known that you had visited me. Come." With this she led the way down some narrow stairs into a sort of kitchen. A fire was burning in the grate, and an old woman, of the Malay type sat before it. Her eyes glowed through the gloom as brightly as the coals in the grate. Hush "madre mia—Yes it is. He is in danger. Pray to the Holy mother for safety. It is my mother, Guilliamo—who eveiydayprays to Heaven for you." "For me!" cried the squatter bitterly," Alas '. her prayers arc~uscless." "Nay, not so," said the other gravely," for Heaven is just, and knows how you have been tried. Fear not. You have done well not-ill. Farewell." She seized his hand again, pressed it to her bosom, and pushed him gently through the ate. He groped his way painfully down the dark aud noisome ally, and presently emerged upon a bye street. Thence he found his way into a main thoroughfare. It was nearly dark ere he reached town, and he did not fear that he had been observed. Arriving at his house, he found his family waiting dinner for him, and that Ned Arden was a visitor. He received the young man with marked kindness. It soothed his wounded! pride, to have this feeling towards one in whose cause Bingham was pursuing his relentless course, and to prevent whose union with Damford's daughter he had announced his fixed purpose. Ned himself, threw off the uncomfortable feelings which even oppressed him, since his conversation with Bingham, when in the company of Damford. His spirits rose. He spoke well and wittily, and after dinner, played and saag, and told good stories, with such skill, feeling and animation, that even Damford half forgot his dark troubles and the ladies were in high delight. " A fine young man," said Damford when Ned left. " I don't wonder Laura, that you have lost your heart to him. And yet—I know not why—I fear disaster, if you marry him." " Let it come father," cried the girl. " We can face it." "Ah poor girl, poor girl," muttered her farther absently, how little you know what you are saying. CHAHTER XXY. A FATAL NIGHT, " Who kneweth what the stars see ?" Since Mr. Diver had handed over the important papers which he had secured from the effects of his late friend and imployer, Mr, Porter had displayed great consideration for that gentleman. It was of a magnificent order, partaking largely of the superior benevolence of one who condescends to patronise a being of much .inferior type. But Mr Diver was grateful. Mr Porter's lofty friend, ship so far restored Ms social position, that he was permitted to take part in the convivialities which rightly took place at the" Wombat." It is true, as I have said, that the company no longer regarded Mr Diver with the respect, which, upon his just introduction to the society, they had been disposed to accord him. Mr. Porter's bitter denunciation of his erstwhile rival as a gentleman who had paid the penalty," in that land of penalties, now known as Tasmania, was not forgotten, and it was hopeless for Mr. Diver to hope to regain his former prestige. Recognising this, he humbly sheltered himsdf under Mr. Porter's wing—a flattery which soothed and broadened that personage's benevolence, and led him to adopt the role of a protector and patron towards Mr. Diver. Naturally, the two men became confidential. They exchanged many opinions npon the subject of Mr. Trill's mysterious demise, and Toa see," said Diver. " Jemmy—that's Trill yon know, had this chap under his heel. Be told me enough, and'I learned ~ enough to know that. He made this here Damford interdooce him everywhere to Goverment House if you'please. Ha, ha he was a oner out Jemmy—that is Trill, a real, upstraight, downright fly nn, Ijcan tell yon. And what does he want, dye think of Damford. Why nothin less than his daughter—his youngest daughter. Now that imust have made .the gent wild—specially as I hardly think the young woman'd care much for Jemmy. He pursuing the matter further, arrived at a pretty good conception of the truth, that Damford knew more about it than the public generally supposed. wasn't very handsome, was he Mr. Porter." : Like a sign post with a prize turnip stuck on the top," responded Mr. Porter, scnleutiously." Handsome ! Oh lord—not by 110 means. But he'd cheek enough, as I've heard to do without being handsome. I was reading of a cove the other day, named Jack Wilks, a cove as ugly as sin, with la squint} and a face like one o' them fountain heads in the gardens. Well, would you believe it, his cheek was that great that he used to walk past the swellest, most handsome gents in, London, with the ladies, and-says he one day, give me half an hour's start, and 111 take any gal from the handsomest man in England. And lor! bless you Diver, he was right. 'Taint looks the creetnrs like, its audacity, pluck, cheek—a face as is always on the grin, and a heye as is always on the wink," "AhMr. Porter," said Mr. Diver, "its all very well for you to talk. You've got the manner, the pecooliar attraction of address and a certain dignity as fixes 'em right away." " Well," said Mr. Porter, " it may be so. I've met many fine women in my time, and never, yet met one as was proof against my addresses. But, as you were saying, there's no doubt this here Damford gave Trill that cigar. That cigar it was as fixed him. Whyit is as plain as a pikestaff. If not, why was it that the Spinner—that anointed young villian Bingham keeps (God knows what for) in the house—was took so bad after -smokin' the butt." " To be sure, to be sure. It's as plain, as you say, as a pikestaff." "But Bingham is on the trial," said Mr. Porter, " and when he gets a scent of anything, he don't get off it until he runs down the quarry. He has a down upon that there Damford, and is real mad that young Arden's goin' to marry his eldest daughter. I heard them, of cause, I'd scorn to listen— having quite a row about it the other evening, aud I heard quite enough know that Damford came from over the water. I don't want to hurt your feelings Diver, but I will say that it aint over and above difficult to spot a cove as has done his lagging I find it easy enough, having so .many canary birds hi my time when I was in the army, and Bingham's own man in the regiment. For instance (don't be offended Direr Tspotted you. just as I set eyes on you. You'll own it was your own fault I let the c;it out of the bag." "Yes,yes, I own it. I ought to have been more respectful." . "Well, it dou't matter Diver," said the other. 1 '"" Yon have shown yonr contrition in a very handsome way, and may always depend on my friendship and countenance. And that reminds me—what are you going to do now. On the look out for a place V" "Why no Mr. Porter. The fact is I've a goodish sum of money, made on the diggins. I shall go into some sort of a business, I dare say. But I aint in no hurry." "Ahem!" said Mr. Porter, 1 upon whom this statement had a marked effect. " I'm glad to hear Diver that you are in good case. I shall be happy to give you the advice of experience, when you feel disposed to invest-your capital. I don't suppose—he! he ! its " a million, but whatever it is." « Over £7000 Sir." " Bless us all! you don't say so. Why Mr. Diver, that is a comfortable sum, a very comfortable sum. I really am most gratified that circumstances should have been such as to bring about a reconciliation between us. Sir allow mc—shake hands on it, and have a gin." Mr. Diver expressed his great gratification at these evidences of Mr. Porter's good will, and remarked that when he had concluded to embark his money in business he should not fail to consult his friend—Mr. Porter would allow him to call him his friend— npon the subject. " For ^ I'm like a child—a hinocent babe sir in such matters," continued Mr, Diver confidentially, and yet with a sly wink at his inner consciousness. " But it is twelve o'clock. May I have the pleasure of accompanying you on your way home? " '•"To be sure Diver, to be sure," said Mr. Porter rising and buttoning his coat. " Your way lies my way; madam," to the jridow, " good night and pleasant dreams." "Good night, Mr. Porter. Good night, Mr. Diver," aud to the latters astonishment, the widow extended her hand with a smile. " He took it respectfully, gently pressed it, sighed, and followed Mr. Bingham's confidential servant. " That's a remarkabte fine woman, Diver," said Mr. Porter, " and I mean to make her Mrs. Porter after I'm six months older." " I give you joy, sir," was the answer, and then Mr. Diver remembered Madam's unexpected smile, and the gentle pressure of her hand. " You shall be best man, Diver, and there shall always be a cozy corner in our parlour for you when you choose to visit us." " Ah ! your real kind Mr. Porter," said the other. " I've seen rough times, Mr. Porter and thought I was hardened agin sentiment. But when I hear you speaking like that, I feel so soft—as soft—as a feather pillar." Meanwhile, the widow having dosed her doors, sat down to a cosy supper. And as she discussed this, she seemed to be buried in some deeper thought than the merits of the wast potatoes and cold chicken which favored repast might have called forth. "Seven thousand pounds," she murmured " That's a fine sum. And he is younger, and better looking than Porter, who is in troth a pompous donkey. Not that I should carc about that. I'd soon knock that out of him But £7000! and what does it matter after all if he has come from over the water. Many a good man has been sent there. And beseems good tempered, and kind. Yes, I think that mo^ ° Ver r ° rler ' and g0 I* for little dreaming that the widow had overheard the conversation, In the course of which Mr. Diver had stated the amount of his moneiaiy resources,the two made lieir way towards JJr, Bingham's house. Arrived at the gate, they stood for a few moments in final conversation. , Mr- Diver happening to look towards the house remarked the faint reflection of a light. "Yonr boss aint gone to bed yet," he said. "What!" cried the other. "He always goes to bed at ten o'clock, 'cept when there's company. And "there aint none to-night. " Well—see there's a light." "So there is," said Mr Porter. "Hulloa 1 hold on Diver. May be its thieves, that lights in the front parlor. Yon just stop here, while I go round. Eh! why d n it, there's the light iu Bingham's room," and with the activity of a young man, Mr. Porter ran ronnd the garden walk to the rear of the cottage. As he did so, Diver marked the shadow of a form—he judged a woman— pictured against the window blind. " Ha !" be said, with a chuckle. " 1 see how it is. They're all the same Cupid and Venus, Cupid and Venus—Kulloa! what's that CHAPTER XXVL " Why this is cruel * When vengeance was miue own, my arm was parslyzed." Mr. Diver's exclamation was caliad forth by the reflection of another figure against the window blind. He saw the shadows then of two forms struggling. Then a hriek, then the hoarse cries of men. And then the front door was opened suddenly. "Diver!" " Hulloa!" " Run for a policeman. Quick. I've got a she devil here, and it '11 take all our time to hold her." Mi-. Diver ran towards the Toorak Road as swiftly as possible, and had the good fortune to meet a policeman at the. corner of the street, You're wauled," said he breathlessly. '' Am I," said the policcman, " and who wants me " There's murder, robbery, or somethin' of the sort up at, Mr. Bingham's liouse on the hill. Come on." "Hook it now me friend," said the policeman. " Don't be in such a moighty flurry, Take it aisy. If its murther, why then there's no hurry; if its robbery, there's no hurry." "But there is. They've got the woman. " The woman echoed the policeman, slowly proceeding up the street, " Ah thin, if there's a woman in it, there's iniscoief av coorse. Mr. Bingham's—Well, 1 know him—a dacent man." By this time thay had arrived. The front door was open. In the passage all the domestics had gathered. "Clear the way, there" said Mr. Porter. "Get into the kitcheu. You, Martha, stay here please. Now, policeman, follow me." With this Mr. Porter, who now exhibited a more portentious air of importance threw open the parlor door, and passing through the apartment, led the way into Mr. Bingham's sleeping apartment. Mr. Diver followed close, and this is what he saw. Mr. Bingham habited in a dressing gown, sat in an asm shair. He loaked pale, aud at. though dozed, his eyes fixed npon the form of a woman, who lay npon the bed, bound fast with cords. The window was thrown open: yet in the apartment a peculiar heavy ordor was perceptible, which, upon the entry of the men, seemed to affect the sensibly. "What's the matter here," asked the policeman with the air and in the tone of authority. "Attempt to rob my master^3 returned Mr. Porter." I happened to come home just in time. That woman there was just in the act of sticking something under "the nose of my master. I knocked the bottle out of her hand—you can smell the stuff." 5 " Begorra I can." I threw her down, and dashed the windows open. Then I had a tussle. Shed the strength of a man, and fought, and bit and snatched like a wildcat. Mr. Bingham therefor stupid like, I could give little Help. Howsoever the noise we made brought the housekeeper in. When that the devil saw her, she seemed to get double strength. It was ten minutes before wc overcame and lied her. And then didn't she let out at the housekeeper, spat at her, swore at her (I guess) in some outlandish lingo. And Martha, she said quickly. " I expected this," at which the other ground her teeth, andcursedin real double barrel fashion. That's all. And now Mr. Policeman, take her away." (To be Continued.} 