on _=THE, STOYRY OF' A BUCOA¶EEF. 'CIHAPTER VIII.-(co:Tireitni.) W- `.' With ?lts, mates, Ned Purvis walked * ~-si. ay. forirard, and pondered long and deeply. :The rest of the crew were whisper 2? a"ng i groups upon the forecastle, and the .-' : poor old captain was standing wringing his , - hands beside the magic boat. So, presently, '.`M -ed spoke to two or three of the men, and they shook hands with him and promised to stand by him. Then he went down to his berth and took out a great pistol, and care fully exa-nined the lock and cleaned it; after wards he opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hammered into a round ball, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the pistol. S. presently, armed in this fashion, e came on deck, the men following him by ones and twos, and marched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle mhet him at the door. " What do you want here:" quoth the old man; "take my advice, and let him alone." . "No," says Ned, "I brought him here, and I'll make you rid of him;" and so say ing, he put the old man aside, and entered the cabin. It was almost dark, but the light from the binnacle came down through the skylight,'and showed the strange passenger sitting there, as the captain had described, with his back to the rudder-case. " Ned Purvis marched heavily in, and the phantom, or whatever it was, looked up at him, and so they remained for more than a .minute staring into each other's eyes. The Smen were watching them over each other's shoulders at the door. " ` Foul weather Don,' says Ned at last, as bold as steel, 'you're more free than wel conime.' The spectre took no notice. " 'Ihore the rope to you,' says Ned; 'and I thought I was doing an act of. duty by my fellow creature. But noe I hear that there's no living blood in your veins, and that you roam the ocean, bringing bad -weather on the mariners you fall in with. That may be true, or it nmay not. If not, say so, and say who you are. If you be :a shipwreckedman you are welcome here; but if not, men have told me that a silver ': llet can wound even a ghost, and if J you do not speak in time, by God, there is a rare chance now of testing the truth of the :saving. Answer !' "And Ned cocked the great pistol and r.:velled at the strange passenger. The figure never moved a muscle of its won :stern face. " ' Take the dollar and my blessing with it, then,' shouted Ned, and he drew the trigger. " The pistol exploded, and for a moment i the cabin was so full of smoke t that they could not see what execution had been done. When the vapour cleared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing up, .his stony eyes giving out their cold sparkle, more horribly than ever. "' You ~ave ms your benison,' he screeched out, 'I give yosu.iny malison; and the oxe cnters and the tokens of it will follow you night and day, until either my fate or yours be accomplished. If you do not believe me, go on deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' " These, mates, were the very words of F]oull-Weather Don; for I have got all the conversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Ned and the rest of them being terribly startled, * tumbled up on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry; and the first thing they did was to stare into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sure enough they saw the fins of two great blue sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping way steadily with the ship; and just as Ned came on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in \- the water, as much as to say, ' there you are- t very good; and here ire are.' It " To make a long story short, mates, t before midnight such a gale was blowing from the eastward that there was nothing for it but to put the ship before the wind ; and not only that day, but that week, and 1 for three weeks after that, did the hurricane, for it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of her course, untilatlength thecaptain andcrewklcew that they had sailed from near the coast of Africa to the coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon : take off, they would be run plump ashore, either on the continent or one of the islands. \- Meanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as before, never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread nor spoke word. Indeed, if he were talka tive, he had no one but himself to hold con verse withl; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul-Weather Don was not the only thing which stuck to the ship. Thesharkskept way with her as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could see themoccasionally, ploughing along in the troughs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, all hands got low and mopish. The old captain was fairly unmanned ; and even Ned Purris, dare- \---0l noastho was, began to qoual. at Larst, they knew by their reckoning, and by the -look of the sky towards sundoewn. that they t were approaching the land, and thatone way or the other their fate would soon be settled. t So one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, and pointing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured clouds which sailors know hangover the land. The weather looked as wild as ever; the scud above flew even faster than the waves belowe; and you should have seen the battered look of the craft as she went staggering along,under a rag of canvas,which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed away long ago. the hatchways were all \- -battened down. Out of three boats she had carried only one was left, being strongly lashed to the deck, whle the sea-battered skiff of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not so miuch as a rope yarn to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and over the decks, so that the men were obliged to lash themselves to ringboltta, and to the masts, and never could light a fire or wear a stitch of dry clothing. " Well. as I was saying, the poor fellows -were holding on me well as they could, and wondering wlhere the ship and they themselves would be to-morrowv by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking thelir tuni at the hehn ropes, gave a loud shout, and the rest turning about, saw Foul-Weather Don standing upon the deck. ' Ho's going-he's going," whispered old Captain Punrvis. "The Lord hath preserved s in His -great goodness." S"Well, Foel-Weather Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasuro island, and then he mounted the rigging- Sall the crow holding their breath and watlh ing him-and gazed from the maintop long and sadly. At length, he made a sort of motion of despair, and came down to the deti, where he stood wringing his hands. \- .All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, and Smotioned for his boat to be hoisted into the sea. In a minute, mates, the tackles were m- anned, and they let the skiff go smash into thie water, with a surge that would have burst another boat into staves. But only the devil, mates, "mould swamp a craft like that; she floated alongside as light' as a well-corked bottle. \- " 'L Hnaul your wind, when the elements will allow you,' says the Don, quite solemnly. . "'Thank you for nothing,' quoth Ned ePurvis. I should think we would, when on. have brought· us across the ocean \- against our will. " But the spectre replied not a word, and seemed.to glide rather than to clamber over Sthe ship's side into the boat. When he was fairly aboard, Ned Purvis bellowed out, S'Take your sharks with you, Foul-Weather Don; they are fitter companions for you than for Christians.' "But there was no reply, and in a minute the phantom and his boat glanced away from Sthe ship's side, and the 1-st the crew saw of her was a black speck with a figure in it, in the very croct of s "brea kinwsi?: 'v: :Jifst is? breathe freely;; ono 'of the, msiehis sistod a aLaid'i had:: suiro: enough} the ni6 ext tio :"they. rose;: upon a sa. 'thtey saw rigt in the glare of the: setting siu the. dusk-y coast-line of an island. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight theyo had courses and sta-esails on the ship. she lying- to with her head to the eastwardi. You know, mates, that in hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that by sunrise the nest day there was nothini but a great smocth swell to show that a gale had just swept acroas: the wide Atlantic. The hir't thin, Ned Purvis did when he came on deckl to take the morning watch, was to look over the quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when he saw the two blue sha:rks still alongside swimmiing close to the surface. The other seamau saw the ceraturcs'too, and they looked at Ned, and whispered among themselves. " Well, you may be sure that, after such a run as the ship had had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanuted vegetable food and rest so that when the usual trade wind carne to blow, and they found from one or two fishing canoes that they were amongst the most northern of tho Windward Islands,they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, the sharks kept their places as steadily as the very masts. Ned fished for them in vaine. lie even baited the hook with the choicest pieces of pork and beef aboard, but tlsv would not as nmuch as push the morsel -ith their snouts. ' No, no,' said the men, when they saw this ; 'the creatures have :heir orders, and they obey them.' hlen Ned tried the harpoon, but though he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he could not make a hit at the sharks; either the ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or the water made the spear glance ; but, however it was, Ned confessed that he could -not even scratch their dingy backs. . ' Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmnnuring words in the ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, Ind the crew, althbugh they used to love oor Noed, now began to look at him as t'ough he were a Jonas, and Ned kniews " The curse,' said the men, 'isfoilowingus na visible shape. There can be n good lucki for ship, or -crew, or cargo, with such a oiuple of atteidants swimmingc astern.' " Well, Ned tried hard to laugh it off, but a could not succeed, and his arguments were if as little avail. ,. Whiy,' he would say,. 'they" cnu't jump aboard, messmates; the ican is theirs' as well as ours, and if a cat nay look at a king. I dos' see why a shark m\ not look at ia ship.' Bui t though lie spoke in this tone, I an tell vacu that Ned was ill at ease himself. Vell, this lasted three days, and all that ime they were ermising about among the slands, "looking for a place which would be pug to anchor in, and out of the way of panish ilships. On the third day, when the 1 hip was about a league from a small sandy 1 sce or key, the men noticed that the sharks same clo:cer to her than ever, as if they wire vetting more and more watchful of their 1 srey. This made the pot boil over, and the )oatswain and three-fourths of the crews vent to the captain in a body, and said that + fed must leave the ship that hour, for that to was a doomed man, and that a doomed t ean made a doomed ship. There was land I lose to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get lenty of waterand provisions, and he might eon get his passage off in another ship, but vhether he did or not he must go ashore now. )ld Purvis tried to argue the thing, but the sen would not hear his words, and in the aiddle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward i rankly and says " . lessmates, I have brought misfortune n the ship, and spoiled the yoyage; I am cilling to land.' " On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished a follow his nephew, but they would not let iii because he was the only good navigator hey would have, after Ned went away, in be ship. So, presently, the remaining boat cas launched, and beef, and biscuit, and i rater, sufficient for two months at cast, were put in her, with a musket I ld ammunition, and a shovel, that 1 fed might have the means of dig ;ing for water. When the boat shoved off, he sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing o them, shouted to his uncle to be of good beer, for they would meet again, and that I he ship was now free of bad omens. The ioat landed in a little cove, and Ned stepped in shore with his gun in his hand. The men inaced his provisions and the shovel upon the ieach. and shook hands with him; and as hey rowed back to the ship, they gave him Scheer for his stout heart. Well, when they sere gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate lace. Most of the island appeared to be and, upon which, in some places, there eore great banks of Bahama grass growing, aud about a rood from him there was a little till, with bushes in it, and one very old tree it the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, cas to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the and, and numerous birds. % ell, he lived ere nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock na sort of cave, which was cool and plea int, and looking out in vain for a ship. At his time the sharks kept cruising along he shore, and Ned used to amuse imself by flinging greatl stones on hem from the top of rocks rising out of he sea. One day, however, having climbed he little hill, and sat down under the tree, o observ-ed a curious thing. The tree, which aust have been dead near a century, and ehich was all covered with moss, had several vithered branches, to which cross pieces of ood had been rudely fastened, but in such a vay that, umdess you looked very closely, you vould have thought that such was the iatural growth of the tree. But at two tours, or thereby, after noon every day, these uranches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned hbserved this that he climbed the tree. and 'und that the crosses were artificial. Then 11 at once it struck him that they were meant or marks, and then -he thought that somne ling niiht be buried there. Well, mates, iff he goes for his chovel, and sets to work it once. It was hot work digging in that limate, but hlie very soon scrapea tle lid of a ;realt chest made of ironwood, and bound nith hasps and clasps of me:al. "'By all the stars,' quoth Ncd, 'who mnows but this is Foul-WeathlCer Don's trea aure chest.' "Mates, I believe it woo. Ned soon wrenlched the lid off, and there he saw great egots and rough lumps of gold and precious tones, just as they were dug up from the nines in Cuba and Hispaniola by the Indians or the Spaniards. There they had !ain for a uundred years, andeno man the wiser or the setter. " ' Aha,' says Ned, ' Iwouldfain have you In England, but what am I to do with you bere.' "iHowrever, he made shift to carry the wealth, lump by nlump, down to his cave near the sea: thenhe brought the box, and stowed the gold as before, cocering all over with loose sand. The very next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small bark--he did not know what she was--becalmc:, not a mile from the shore, waiting for the sea breeze. So ht mounted a rock, fired his gun, saved a handkerchief, and shouted. Pre sently, a boat pulled off from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were ai couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of the large windward Islands Muartinico, I believe. So Ned told them that he had been marooned for striking the qluartennrnaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a pssage to any port shero he could ship for England. So~ the turtles consulted together, and asked him if he had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at all for nmoney, tuokthem into his cavo, and showed them the treasure-chest. At the sight of it the turtlers staredl, as well they miight, and most readily agreed to take off Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, and presently the boat was loaded almost to the water's edge with riches. The turtlere went about like men in a dream, and they were onlh roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment ~when they rowed the boiati?s of the cove and found her so' hiavy that they feared she ahouldh be swrriped by the heave of the sea.. " "'Lord!' says. one of them. 'See there ; if the boat were to fill and go down. Did you ever see more fearful monsters? ' "And sure enough there were Ned's old friends swimming on each side of the boat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the tre asure. IIowever, no accident hap pened, aun as they neared the turtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. ' You may think for yourselves, mates, how the. enstire crew of the bark, which carried about half-a-dozen men, received their freight. Ned told the simple truth as to how he had got it, and the turtler, imme diately that the sea-breeze came, stood away for MLtrtinico, the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons! out of men. The big chest stood upon the deck, and the crow hung round it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they began to handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks astern, so ias to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of turing it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, and swore that Ned was an honest man and a good comrade, and th:at as he said, so it would be done. But it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice he observed a man conceal ing a Imife in his garment, so that the haft came handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks- were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather; for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and sourer at each other, and gradually drawing off into two parties, one on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward. Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you imow how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to swhisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, they drew knives and snicker-snees, and cut and chopped at each other, strapg gling and cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash down on the gold, and lie rushed forward to separate them, crying out, ' Madmen that yoe are--look out for the squall first and fight afterwards.' - " But it was too l:lte, iates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing up thile se before it, and in the very centre of the flying foam Ned swore he sa, Foul-.eather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In on instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of sold fetched away with a mighty surse. and went crashiin. through and throughl the frail bulwark, an' then with a great pluhmge down to the bottom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give up its dead ! All this passed in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as though relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold. righted with a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their facesc and limbs. The squall wasover, and the sun' burst out ; Ned rushed to the lee-beam, and saw. just where the gold had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he knew well. Sheseemed now saturatedanudrotteu with water, for the charm was off her, mates; and while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, and the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart. and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standinglosking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line ran out every fathom, and the lead touched no bottom. So they lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rope in the ship, but the sea appeared un fathomable. Thle gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of man could raise it; and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul-WVeather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, and, as I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave'every man to judge for himself." CIHAPTER LX. vie AUTrIIOn, WITII CSUxDIY OF aIS Co0naDES, SET OUT FOR TIsE Ceaes wvneReE oe IeFa HIS sanEQ?E, AND THERE BnnAVELY CATURE A SPANISIH SCHOONER. Nearly a month passel away since -the evening on which l listened to the story of Foul-Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the coast, where we might have better luck. It was then tit I, for tbhe first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, whlere I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many storiesof buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it' occurred to me, that- if we could get possession of the Frenchlman's skiff, we could divide our party between it and the canoe, leaving ample room for the stowage of orouisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. We were nine in number, sehll armed, anid therefore of quite suflicient force to capture any Spaniand, not a man-of-war, which we were likely to full in with. It was therefore resolved that Lo Picard, one of our Frenclinei, Blue Peter, amnd Nichy, should start, under my guidsnce. for the cove to the westward, and if we found thie boat, should navigate hlier round the coast to the bay, where tie rest of the party would be prepared with provisions and water, ready to stow on board, so that, in company with thie canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lost in putting the scheme into executioni. ,feinheer, who knew something of sail-makling, ciut out a small square sail or lug, which no were to carry with us, and which would suit tle beat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we hld found her. We aul-o carried a good-sized keg for water, and a small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trustin' chiefly to ou- guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleen durinn the heat of the day ; and after an hlour's tudge through the wet grass and bushes, whichl were quite druenched with tihe copious dows, passed the spot where lay the buccaneers swho had beenu hanged by the Spaniards. Truly our poor comrades slept iu ai tranquil resting - place - a spot of greenest grass, withll feathery palms over lhead, bending and rustlingin the night wind. We stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, wshence we could look downI upon the blue sea beneath. After the laud-breeze lickered and failed, there was a pause, during which the soun shone with blistering power. Then, far oif, on the glassy surface of the sea, came the dark belt of roughened water, streaked with white, which proclaims the daily return of the brisk north-wtesterly trade, and in half ain hour mnore it was whistling throughl the bushes in half a gale of swind. We dinedthis day by the little runel where I had killed the duck, and thfn travelled until sunset, when we eneagoltutl in our blankets, well worn out by our long day's march. Thebo journey to the core was fatiguing, but performed without any parti cular adventure. We sometiumes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into the sea after the fish, which they mark from a groat height. In the afternoon of the second day I reckoned that we could not be far fro:m the cove, but the exact spot was dilliult to hit, as the general appearance of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives thronugh the creepers and bruslhwood, so as to be able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and pin nuacleof stone ; when, having stopped to hold a consultation-for I was now becoming very fearful that we had overshot our mark--we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling- piece, fired not far off. This terribly discoocerted us, for we knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that the secret of its existence was not known to me alone. How ever, we withdrew into the thicket, wherewe could not well be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around us, and discoursed eagerly as to Whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in the neighbourhood. At all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landed in my cove, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she stilllay there, to their own purposes.. While we were talking' lowly among ourselves, Blue Peter, the Mosquito-man, suddenly started up on his knees, and told us toi listen. We did so very intently, and presently Beard a rustling and a snapping of dry twigs in' the wood, but dlthounl we 'looked with all our eyes, we conld iee nothing. "Tush !" siyi .Nick?' "'?ou are a fool, Peter, and' takeb awild p;ig for a'Spaniard." But the Indian seize.d his piece, cocked it, and suddenly 'leellifg ie, ?irei! bolfore we isuld prevent him'.' " '' 'I l Hush ! " quoth. hei very earnestly, 'hbush! and we waill be safe". " Safe !" said Nicky. W: i"'Wliy, if thsey'are Spaniards, they will b down: upon us in.a twnlink." ."'" :-':' '* '"va replied tUse eqisi totn; a no, no ! They shooting alltroifnd tltifk nmy gun one of their camirados-eli. a'- "--. "The ir.ani 'is' iht"' isid Ld Picard. " But what, in the name of thea diable; have you tired at ?" ' eshow youen!" said'Bilue Pter; and he crawled into the underiood' iso ircOumspectiy that one scarcely 'h`eard.t a: rsaitle and pre sently, returning, fii.g' the ?bdy of a huge dog among us. "A Spanish blood-.houind '." eclaime:l Nicky; and we. all r?cogncuised th'e fawne colour, with grim, black mnuzzle, asdthesgreat nuscular limbs of the uninmal. -·lit to put all question aside, the crereturo worse a leather collar. with a brass plate, on which was inscribed the name, " Manuel G. Aleaeess," so it was quite clear that' pe were sur rounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who observed the bloxl-hound, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. 'We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lie close where we were as attempt to shift to less dangerous quarters, as by moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of death. At last we dc.:ided' to climb up certain trees, the branches whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first. out the throit of the dog, and scattered the blood copiously around, so ieat it would em barrass and destroy the scent ,of any other hound which might pass that way.' He henu flung the body up into the branches of Stree. N-ot long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as we supposed. for the slain dog, and some other shotse wseveire ir at a distance. However, the suna sank nid the stars shone down through the leaves, and we' still remained unmsolested. Mfaking ourselves as comfortable as our position would perisit, we' muniched our supper, of which, however, we could eat but little, for we suffered much from thirst. Fortuunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford us a few mouthfuls apiece,.but ve were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden burst of ex lamantion when I recognised thelittle hill, to the top of which I had climbed tolookaround. after scrambling up the precipitous banks of the cove. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taking great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very ocaur or ravine up which I had crept from the water. It 'was not easy, how ever, to make out whether the cove was empty, for the morning -as yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. We proceeded, however, moving in single file along the edge of the rock, which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bushes and p tasitical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the asater so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. A.s we cls:nbered on by-the :lge of the precipice, a sound suddenly struck my ear awith which I was too well acquainted tobe casily deceived-it wasthe flap of canvas. Nicky hea:rd it as well as myself, and we all paused. Theland wind was just begiuning to die out, and only came in heavy dank puffs lown from the hills. We waited for the next gust; it shook- the. dew 'from' the braeches in a great sparkling shower, and gave a great rustle. as it were, lown the ravine, in the inidie of which we again heard the flap of cauvras, and a rattle as of. reef points against a sail. Being.guide by the snriud, we proceeded a few paces oiss-rds, and then iominu to a comparatively clear bit of eround, we crawled upon our bellies to the el-e of the cliff, and rthrousgh the trees mnd boghls saw a small vessel with two msasts,. f tlse class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in tihe very centre .of' the aove, very snugly, being made 'fast"bvy foir: hmwsers, two a-head and two astern to the trnsks of trees growling near the water on either bank. She had two boatsin the water, fioating by hier lmin chains, and one of them I iinuediately recognised to be the object of our journey. HIere, then, was the vessel to whom thehinters, whose gus we had heard, evidently belonged; and, indeed, without otler evidence, Nicky and Le Piasrd knsow enough about the fashion of those seas to be sure that the sChooner was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, althougll wlhat sle dsid on the coast herewe couldnot well imagine. The question now, however, was low we were to act? Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a single man -awakeh upon dleck; but several stout fellows seoro lying asleep on under eanvams and tarpaulin. upos the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill upon the schooner, Niclsy asked our opinion as to wiether it rwould be possible to c:tmber down to the water's edge, and make oiff with both boats before the crew awoke. Rut Le Picaird thought the risk too great. Besides, lhe argued, when they miss the boats, they can chase us out to sea in the schooner, wher e we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking. I was turning over another plan i in y own mind. " Instead of takilng the boats," quoth I, '" why should we not take the ship " At this they all started, and remainded me that we wire but four ines, whereas the Spaniards might well be a dozen; anid they ird dogs, too, fierce bloodhouinds, of whichl Lo Picard, in particular, professed a great horror. "Look you," quoth I, " this is my plan. Yesterday thie Spaniards were hunting ashore, aind to-tlay it is very like that they will renew their pastime, leaving, perhaps, only one min, or perhaps not even-that, to take charge of the schooner, for: yoi' .se' that 'she. is moored very safoly, anid w'ith her bows pointing down the erdek so as to be ready for a start. now, look at lier rigging; see, her jib can behhoisted in a moment, ancd her fore and ma insails can be set merely by letting go the brails, anl running aft the shoeets ; for yo observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefore the echooner is ready for sea. onw I know, in a general s:mner, the directiot of tUo cove below. It runs for a little way parallel to the coast and then turns to thie right, and so opens up into the sea. What is there to prevent us boarding the schooner when she is left almost, if not quite, undefended, rand so carrying her away ?" .I They all applauded this design, and the more we talkc'd of it the better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-loolking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as welt as easy to manage. Besides, the greater length of the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when we had passed the elbow, an . came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our stars for such a slice of good luck. As in many other adventures, the first and most difficult duty which we had to perfoin was to wait, so we ensconced oursrelves in thick bushes, where we could see without being easily discerned, and watched the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. The run was above the horizon about half-an aour, when a man issued from the cabin, and Lapped the deck loudly with a handspike. At this summons the sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, onme by one, yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloodhounds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching themselves from their warm nests. The man who had wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed o satisfy him, for.he weot below, and pre sentl: the crew had their breakfast, wlhichi hey ate on deck-a couple of bowls of cocoa, or some such beverage, beini carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this we observed with great delight au number of muskets and pistols brought on deck; at thie sight of which the g'im bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we called hin thlen, appeared ogain; and after a long discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticl:htinu, the whole crew gathering round and handling the arms, he bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff-my skiff-hauled alongside, no doubt. to convey he hunters on the shore The captain then seemed to be giving orders to one of the :rew, a stout fellow, who wore a great triped woollen cap and had ra long un :heathed knife in his girdle, and then the vlole party, excepting the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat. the bloodhounds leaping in along witi them. ad rowed towards thie extreme head of the creek. The Spanianlrd numbered about a dozen, without including ia boy whlom they tad with them, and of course weiahed down the skiff until her -unuwhle was almost at the water's edge. We were for a little ime in some iprtlorlhi:tidn, lest they shoild chance to come our way.'-. We heard them houting, and ilaugrhing, and . crashingir trough the bouhebs, as the:y madde their .way up the steep banks of the cree, and thren he boat came .!,:'tir g r downi :aain t, he schooner, with., the boy .?addling her. Meantime, the . man with the striped cap had disappeared in a ittle cook-house or caboose, from the .funhel of which a smoke bcian torise : rind the boy, roving made fast tieo Foat, weut aft to the abin. and presently returned with the biowls, vhinh we had seen curried thither, empty.' Tow, as we had seen but ohe m.un comoe oit of this cabin, and as breakfast had. beon served there for tvwo, .weo considered thiat there were- three persons left in chiire; of the ship, bit that one of. these wasi piobably ick or disabled. Whilo woe were makiing hese observations, the reader imniybe'.suroe. hat we also listened atten tively, in order to' ind out in what direction thie hunting party Iad proceeded; and o:esently, hearinu shouts nd tihe report< of gurs avery. faintly, iand gradually becoming more so, until they were io longeranudible, we congratulated ourselaes hat the hunters were out of the. way, and that so far, our task would be eas . The next point was, how to get on board he schooner so suddenly and so quietly iis to eave those in charge of lier no opportunity of giving an alarm. First .we" thoughtc bo wirming, but the Picard was not skilful at this exercise; "and, besidesd ve saw thie backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in: the wriater. Then Nicky proposed to srwing our selves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed to the trees; hut, oh close exankination, wea ound the banks so precipitous, that it wouild be very difficolt to makre iir .way to; th6 ropes, without giving anu darm. \Ve were thus in considenrable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry in the.very outset, when I observed a me:us whereby we might, although at some risk, accomplish our end. l: have-said that the cove or creed was so ,arrow that the brnuenis of the great treesee growing in the rifts "of therock.on eitlier. ;ide, met and interlaced, and from. these branches hung perpendicularly, like great. ropes, many long tendrils or withes,. very tough and strong. ow,.as it chanced, noe of these, depending from a stdout Iranch, swung close ..by thie foie-top mast -head bof the schooner,' dangling in deed to the cross-trees. I poindted this outto ny comrades, nird they all, riireed 'thait it would be very possible to cla:lier out upon the bough, and slide down the witstir into the eirging; but that thie deck .iust e-r i c'lear ,lwhen we made the :tteempt" othderiise are could not fail of beion" discovered. It w?as fortunate, therefore, that thel mla withl.thi striped cap continued in tlhb. cook-lionse,' wvhmre we heard him clatt.ring ,amosngafrpots and pans, and concliided tihat heh.wa?i'raptar ing a meal for 'tho .mol\';ashr .ae . B:l3it,y is Nicky said, when bne cooks a ilinn6er, ;rie ICver knows awho mani: .t'._i. ;t.The;; bay: remained about thei deck fosdomni tiine bue at clength went into thie cabiin, and; staying here, we concliided to ehake tho ventcure. Fastening iour guins. across .olr sihildirs, vo again- sliook hanls, arid vowedi l o tand hby eache other to ths" death. .:.Thein we crep cdutidously along, until ie came .toi the tiee from whiiih spr:aug the great breii1i, avhich we looked to be t'he iirst stage of"our journey to the schooner's edeck. This treo 'rew about a fathom beneath the edlge of the ock, but it was easy to swing ourselves diown to it, by the mattcd vgcetatinn, whieh-cliigi to thie face of the stone. Then, onac?ifter mother, we crowied out upon the bc: hir, .vlrich shook a little, bLn'borbe uis irasvily.; Teho schooner was now right below;, and not i living thing stirring on her dccks:?.I',tns tie first man, and Nicl:y was at mycr heels The Indian came next, aind the Frenchmani brouight up the rear. All of ns whitesi bing. sailors, the feat was not difticult: and :as.ifoy the Mosquito man, he could climb lict' a sat. Having seatisfied myself that the writhe was well attached to the bough, I first. twined my legs round the former, and thenf grasping it, slid easily down, until myr feeC' feet touchied thie crosstrces ofl tie Spanish schooner, ard in a moment my conerade. were clustering around me, no alarmili'bsirt as yet excited. After panusing a moment to geot a firm grip of the stays, I gave the word, and the whole four slid like li'ghtning dorwn the ropes, hand over hand, as sailors say, and came with ia great bounce upon dock together. The Pionrd instcnrtly leaped to thie cook-house and the Spaniard coming out at the same moment, the Frenchman dealt him a blow with tlie butt- eud of a heavy pistol, which itl ng him ba-lkwriuls, quite stunned. upon the dLck, while Nicky and I rau t,' tihe cabin, meetingr at the threshold thie boy, :ad 'n comely woman, very dark, land with the blacke.t eyes I ever saw, whlo directly set up: a great shriek of dismay. But Nicky and I, pointing to tihe cabin, and drawing forth pristols, inlde threm understand that they must. go beiow, and be silent, as they valued their lihves. The 'boy slunk back directly, and thie woman turned to a livid paieness, and,. s'wooning iaway, would have fatllon down the lidder, but we supported her and laid her on thie catbin floor; then, directly running on ddek, wve shut down the hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment; and, seeing Lo Pickard and Blue Peter cutting the warps forward, we drew our knives, and working with good will, soon severed the tough piles of hemp, aft, and the schooner nas unmoorod. We waited a moment with great impatience. to see if she would drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up tile jib, and slackened the brails of the mainsail, so'as, without actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the sea breeze had not yet set in, or if it had it did not reach us in the depth of the crecek. e therefore flung a long line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and Blue Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for the elbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Lo Picard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth and breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I fdlt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, tie light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and the warp upon which we were hauling slackened. The schooner felt the putff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her in close by the starboard shore, which, when we turned seawards, would be the weather side of the cove. The mingled trees and rocks seemed to glide away from us. I looked over the side, and saw the bubbles rippling in the transparent water; and as I lifted my head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began to meet the lazy swell. The elbow, or turn of the creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rocks. Therefore I ported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, and just as we slowly opened the corner .1 put the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swulng cound, and we all uttered a shout to gether as we saw, at the end of a short rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we were not out vet: anlmost immediately on rounding thle point of the creek a gust of the sea breeze struck us on. the starboard .bows, naking the jib rattle and flap like. thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks o the leeward side. 'The Frenchman exclaimed that we must tare to thd boats after all, bat Nicky 'answered him, "Yes-but osily to canrr a warn to the rocks at the mounth of the creek !" No sooner said than dne.' Anrother line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky 'and thei Indian went with three strokes to the wneathor extremity of the creek. Here the surf was beating violently. coming with great lashing surges round tihe corner of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fail' more rhau a athom with 'every undulation of tile sea. iere wan a jag?'ed pinnacle of rock beaten by, the i-ave?s.' which every ow Iand then ircst rinlit a:liok' it; over this tile Indian with g:t-id dexterity" cast a loose-hitch of the Hiu. .wh-ile we oi bboard, running to the shoonner's bows, hIuiled upon _it as before. It was lncikv fore us that the sea breezr ornl i blew ?ip ..tie cravine. `ii unlcertain puffs, and that the eli-eo w:s fell'of co unter-currenotseand eddies of air; wehich fireSt filled our sails onoe. wacv-i' nd then another, as we heaved and rollec? iUpen the brokeni nwells awhicnh dashed from side to side of the chamcel. AWe worked at the warp like' desperate iien, as,, i ded, we wereo - Every now, and then - suddlei -toss of the water voild fling us bhack: but tlien'the conunter reflectioa of the ses frontm the opposite wall of roeek. aiil- jerk Iu forward, and we soon fooiind thiat.c were -' roellilly aisiking our incartoe a do thie mouth of ,tho cove,; keeping, sol nise 'o the weathee slde' tha:i nory now icd :theli iei i: asts,'iaien faiun" over to star oa :rid-inttled aonie?g toe :bishee oiverh?ciii ndd sent donn showero of le ies; which neould- fly inmunciertain whirls. rid::dives aninnigst thi rigging. A-t last, the decisive aomnent;cisme. in a miunte wve wouldl be, hove upo tholeoward entnrnceof tho cove, or be: t clealr at sea. - I ni-.n a'iin to take the helm. :L' Pieard ind the Indi-in; rnning to hob we:ther: fore-chiniis, gare .'a last -sinrge ipoin 'tle ine b-' war of a launrieh... Thi ochooner's lead plle-.el into :he trough ,f the sea, ist i fathom froinm the rocks, and as' heo rose--her boens drew beyond the :shelter if the cove--the full blast oflthe sea breeze, canirht her jib-and her headsivung again to eeward. -' ` "Help her with the fores:il, comrades !" I shouted.' They hadh anticipated' me the Iridicn letting go the br-ils, aud tlien helpp nin the whites to drune aft the sheet. The sail stirged anU flapped. so as to shake, the sehooner' to. her very. ke!, aid .the great sheet - block jerked-:' m:idly to : and fro ' ith .bounds ;whicli'. would lads dashed through ',a- stronie ?all. Bint still, .thoughe - they could ilt: :'.yet master thie ?:nva:, the sriooner w.iI s.not In ieisible tost itdlietigower' cd I-feielheri 'as she I se' witli hie- biiildnide " it i cgreat, cle:ir- se0 'gathnerl~-ay "ind" stirt s' it were from' under inc.' 'There ewas jitst a:inomint of terrible sispsnse. The iists bent to lee ward Until their trdcks ewere ?' ithin ni couplo of fathoms of , the, lee promontorr. You coiild almost leap on the great riugh masses of .wet ?tone which :. iy cloid, a beani;-and theni in :a mnaeast: the,s schioner • rose to anothler sea, all tithre sails hiow bellyinig tob liie sincd, aml"conce more lioele dar of the liad. altniough I saw. through the ole-dc water a gimpse of reef ciudeir our dcouter,:.hicth the - keelhiciust .have :ioraped. ':ridd tiltisough the henid of the mainminst aictialn tmoor arway the procjectingtb?nih if c :gre-:t priekly.hlusih wminicsli.rs:a.iwa ng cil ainncipmg.ini the:wind. \- We es-eroe de-ninnIn--- cur firisideep bieeth A'c-ione pek-rhci- I - heaitrd --- -- realt h -Flnn---oveo -:ie;- aind. " bi?- e i nag ounid,. I- sa?w?Eoei ino cd-c the sk?: tli'e fi;-ire lof i.airan :-tn acli?n with- i-:unup~oic:Ito sein'y oer,-e ofr tellh rceni?ciee hfich forenld the line f c;:it lHe .ldiree:tiu hfired his ice?, and 0st udpa lord aoutersno .his or-nitles, nirceec o foir of whliom dh'etln oin ned liu. iid fired \- coleoI atnu, which did no damaue. hSo we inuipid itp ontheis tiff-til rail, 'and waving mnr hli-t ga t!'rn e ai loudn cheer, "lnd told thtm that if they. anted th ir . aihoeni-r, they might swim after us. and then we rouldl considder thd-ematter. -LTtcy made violcnt estuaresi but th? sea fi?eeze bloating - so freshly3 carried ba-k their. e;ies, uid wc knowesbtco whnit they BRid. .Orying e ons ·eoW best goiuld swth our ill-set n ios, until.we had made a good-half niila offin, ivr? .liffed thd i?hosiner 'ln.: iito :th 'winidt d;-idwitin come trouble -ot tile eainas priporly extonde&, thein. putieg tholihein hsr' doner po gar t tli; jiib: sh io c vicidndoi?nd id: ?n 'o :lnlay to,' don---aad ann-u-gm serrily uon tine snon- - 