Aii Ocean Tragedy, By w. CLARK UL'SSELL. CHAPTER XIX. — ttfhliiii'eJ. a mystluiol's vul'.t.. 1 led her to tlio stavb« mvil quarter, where I had stood villi Crimp, and repeated thi? 'I'll: darkness gave my recital of tJie incident the complexion it wanted ; a tremor >asscd through Vr hand into my arm. It vas enough to make a very nightmare of the gloom, warm as it was with the dev-laden pi.utlieily breathing, and didieato too with thu sin, ill line light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm a.< shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas uf the night. Ton minutes passed : i then dis cerned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn coming aft. Mycelium's deep breathing was audible vhen he was still at a distance. 44 Well, what news ! " 1 culled cheerily. Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It ib true. 1 have heard it/' " Ila " siid I, turning iqionFuin. % By all that is blue, then, Mr. Mon- t»»n, sir." exclaimed the worthy follow, there i.s Romewhat a-talKiug below." "What does it sav >" asked Miss leaning. sli-v. ing heraelf all on a sudden lli'.iou-idilv fright nod. " What' 1 heard." said Wilfiid in his m.l lavoii n-te. "was thi>, ' The f in nn.oJ. Stil hr ho,,,.'.' Sail l„r ! ' " " "Tv.-.js as plain. Mr. Mon-,». as his honour's own voice/' said Finn, in a pro foundly despondent way. " D'ye think, Finn," said 1, "that it is a trick plavcd off up-m the crew by some skylarking son of » u„ forward 1 " His head wagged against the stars. '4 1 wi«li I could lielicve it, sir. The wojee was underfoot. There's nubody belong, ing to the ship there. There's no man amissing. 'Sides 'tain 't a human woice. Never could lia' believed it." He pulled out his M.'cket-liandkcrcIiief and polished his bi.nv. " Mel," I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, whatever it he, keeps forward— the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds my. tilf twice. It can't he fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, theie can be nothing tupi riutural about it cither. What is it i Shall I explore the yacht forward ? Give luy a lantern, and I'll overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway."' " You may set us on lire," said Wilfrid; let the matter rest for to-night. To- ni'-iTow, Finn, Von can rummage tlie yacht." He started violently: can it- bo though/' Arc wc veritably haunted by the gln.st of the Portuguese ?" lie tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utterance seemed to half choke him. " Well, let us w ait for daylight, as you fcav ." cried 1. ' I am going below fur 6oin© seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. " Finn, you may t« 11 the stcwaitl to give the men a glass of t'i'g apiece. What can it be?" he muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, liirough which lie nisheci. It wag evident the thing had not yet had time to work iu liini. He was more astonished than terrified, but 1 guessed that superstition would sooti be active in him, and that there was a bad night before him of feverish imaginings and restless pandering. 1 could not have gue&»ed how frightened Miss Jennings was until 1 conducted her bclotv, shortly after Wil frid had left the dock, where I was able to observe her seared white face, the bewildered expression iu Iter eyes and a dryness of her cherry under-lip, that kept her biting ujion it. Her maid shared her berth, and 1 was mighty thankful to feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have wagered she would not have gone to bed that night. My Co usui drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled uimti him as slowly and surely as a fog Uiickens out the alniu- There and darkens down upon tlie view, lie talked with heat and excitement of the If rV!fL' 'f U,e 8ng off, but nn-n i f grew morose, absent- . j ' w 6.vnii»toins of temper that «»duiiieuxtiuitly wean-, and I fetched a 11 ;V' » l«itive sigh of relief when iii/1 n'!e' us brusquely good- .jJL a0 | . WL'JJt iu lung, lucludrauiatic stndes to cabin. I did my host to inspirit MissJcnniiisrs. uut vu,y successful. It may bo Uiat 1 waa more half-hearted in my inan- iiur of goiug to work tlian 1 was conscious «t. it never could come to my tellinu ft-sr more than that we might he quite Hue, if we could only solve the mystery of the Bounds which had frightened all hands forwaitl, and aft, too, for the mat ter of that, wo sltuuld ho heartily aaliajned of our feare ui tlie face of the abject commonplace of the disclosure. She thuok her head. "Jtmigbt bo ax youaay/'alioaaid, "but v tins strange voice continues to be heard, foecd, sho ks it not fpeak again and yet remain unriddled, what shall we think ? ! 1 am frightened, 1 own it. 1 do not be lieve in spirit, Mr. Motison, in haunting shadows, ami other inventions of old nurses ; but J <;iiin>>t forget that pwuliavc heard such a voice as this twice — you who are so— so " " Stupid," :-aid I. " Matter uf fact. Mr. Monson." But talking about the thing was not L"'ing to help In-r nerves. .She went to j bed at ten o'clock, and feeling t".i sleepy ! fur a yarn villi Finn I withdrew to my I cabin. I found myself a bit resiles-, how- I ever, when 3 eauu- to put my head Uk>ii . the pillow, and would catch myself listen ing, and sometimes i fancied 1 could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a | low voice. Then it was I would curse ( myself for a fool and turn angrily iu mv | bed. Yet fur sill thai, 1 would fall a-lis- i toning again. It was quiet weather still, | as it had boon since sundown. In 1 lie j blackness of my cabin J c«»uM see a bright , star sliding up aiul down ihe ebony «»f the ! glass of the scuttle, with a pause at inter- j vols, when it would beam steadfastly and J intelligently upon mo as though it were a ' human eye. Now and again the water went away fr»ni the side in a stilled sob. J I Could have prayed for such another J squall us 1 have described to burst ujron tis for the life that would come to the ! spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar "f thunder, the shriek uf wind, t lie tierce ! blow of (he black surge, and the tempos- | tm.us hiss of lU dissolving spume. I j cudgvlJed my wits fur a solution «.f the ; voice, but to lio purjH.sc. t vasridicu- j j luits to suppose that a man luy hidden ; below. For w hat sailor of the crew but would not.be quickly missed ? And then again 1 had but to consider, to understand j vital 1 had not thought of on deck. 1 mean \ that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were . sc'Teted in the hold it was scarcely con. ! ceivable that their utmost volume "l sound j could penetrate through tlie thick, well- caulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. CHAPTER XX. Mt'FFlS IS rCMSUCD. It was seven o'clock wheu 1 awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant efl'oct of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight iu rippling silver upon the shining j bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the mirrors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shining morning with n wide blue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their 6kirts as they sailed past thu sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tcnaiillcss. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling watore under an airy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was «m deck standing aft with his back upon the companion. I walked leisurely over iu liiui. willi vitality in the very last recesses of my being stiiTed by tlie exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long, pure aunlit gushing of tlio wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. " How long is this delicious weather going to last, T wonder? Nothing in sight, eh? Bless us, captain, wlu.ii are we going to run the Slunl into view " He looked at me with a curious ex- J predion which his smile, that was always I in tlie middle of his face, rendered ex- ; cecdiugly odd, and said, "Did ye hear1 anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last 1 ' night after you'd turned in I " j j " 1 was for fancying/' 1 answered, "that 1 j (lie atmosphere crawlcdwithindistingmsh- ! able whispers. But 1 suppose without ( imagination there would be lio lunatic ; asylums." ! He said, still preserving his odd look, ; "The sjterrit's discovered, sir." I" Uammun 1 " 1 exclaimed. "Ay I we've got hold of the woice 1 " he cried gleeful!'. " Did ye ever see a j ghost, Mr. Monsou, sir / Look ! Therms tlie corpse us belonged to the wreck, and t/ifiip\tiio liapparitiun as was a-cur&ing; of thisyscbt last night in the foicpeak, and your honour may take it tliat Mere is the invisible shape whose hail from otf yon quarter lias given old Jacob the blues ; " and all the time that lie spoke he was pointing to the fore-rigging just under the croBS-trccs. I liad before lightly glanced at a man up there, but had given him no lieed what ever, as 1 supposed him to l>e a sailor at work. Rut now 1 looked again, shading my eyes. Muttin ! " cried with a gasp of as tonishment. "Do you mean to say — t" and 1 veritably staggered as the full truth ami absurdity of the thing rushed ujion me. He liung in Uio rigging faring seawards, and there was turn upon turn of rope round his anus and legs ; indeed he was as snugly secured to tlie shrouds as if he ' had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his | hat down on his head, and in the shadow ( of the brim of it his face looked of the ( sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was , too high to enable me to witness tlie ex pression lie wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers rolled to above hie knees. " \\\ hat do you think of liiin as a spcrrit, sir 1 " cried Finn, villi a loud hoaite laugh which caused the Bailors at work forward to look up grinning at Muflin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in ! a faint there. " How long has lie been seized aloft ? " said 1, with something of a pang coming to mo out of tlie sight of hiin, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity, j " Since dawn," answered Finn. "The men put him where he is. 3 let "em have their wav. 1 was afecred they might have used him in an uglier fashion, sir. Jack don t like to he made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told, fell blood thirsty. \ c see, ye can't take a view of 1 them sailors, especially such a chap as | Culbill, and think of 'em as lambs." I " He must be an amazingly clever ven- I triloqnist, though/' said 1, "Of course!! All's as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over tlie rail when Crimp and I were talking on thai night we heard the voice. J caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue ! he must have sneaked with amazing swiftness below. A consuin- maio .actor, indeed ! How was he dis covered ?" "Why," answered 37im, with « slow shake of laughter, " there's a chap named Hairy Blake us occupies tlie bunk just over hiin. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to the tljoughtofaghost. lie was ni« ire frightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed : all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden ho hears the wome. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think s he. it's the mule as lies under men-talking in his Bleep ! He drops on to the deck and looks at Muflin, who picsoiiUy fell a- talking again in his sleep, using the hi- dentical words thai Sir Wilfrid had heard, and the tone o' woice was the same, sort o' mufilcd and dim-like ; but it wasn't . pitched fit to make a 6care, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that tlie woice was a trick of Muffin's. Muflin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threaten ing of him. confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had "rowed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when day break come in their seizing him up aloft as ye see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose. Captain Finn " said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whose iiiotionlcssness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, was not a little appealing. ".Sir," answered Finn, "I shall re commend his honour to leave it to the men." But they may hang him ? " 44 No ; I'll see they stop short of that. ' But, Mr. Motison, sir, begging your par- ! don, I'm sure you'll allow with me that 1 Muflin '11 desarve all he's likely to get. Speaking as master uf this wesseh I &av; that if he hadn't been found out in good 1 lime it might June g«»nc blazing hard with all of us. The men uore saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the first time of the woice speaking in the huld. Imagine it gojno on for several nights ! It was hound to end lit all hands giving up unless we shifted our helm for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never have consented to ; so there ye'd have had a quandan as bad as if tlie sailors had been laid low with fiison, or us if die Bn'.ie had tamed to and Baked at every butt end. Then think of his anuinting his honours cabin with flaming letters : all to sarve his nun measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . . Mr. Mnnson, sir, he wants n lesson, something niter the whipping and pickling business o' my father's day, and sooner than that lie should miss one of his dosarts by striving j to get to windward of die soft side of his honour's nature, I'm damned," said he, striking his open hand with Ins eleiuhed fist, 4 if I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wil frid myself that it was that thciv Muflin as wrote the shining words about liis honour's baby." "Bust not do that," said I. "Wo , want no tragedies aboard us, Finn. How- j ever, you may count upon my not inter fering ; but for God's soke let there be lio j brutality." J "That 11 be all right, sir," answered I tlie skipper, with sueli a look, however, ' at the helpless and stirless figure in tlie rigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort uf sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till brcakfRet time. 1 was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, 1 believe, to -a secret udmiraon fur his remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; and understanding that the sooner Wil frid was Apprised of this business tlie sooner would Muflin be brought down out of the shrouds, I stepped below. The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door. 44 Is Sir Wilfrid getting up I " said I. 44 I've just taken him his hot water, sir. He isn't out of hed yet. He's very heavy ; had a bad night, I've been told, sir " I passed on and knocked. "What is it?" cried Wilfrid, in a drowsy irritable voice. 1 entered, and said, " "Sony to disturb J yon, Wjf, but there's news Hint will j interest you." lie started up ; 44 The Sluwh! " he cried. "No," 1 answered, "they've found uut who talked like a ghost last night ; who it was that whispered ofl' tlie ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed ; and who it was that made the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt upright with eyes and nostrils huge with excitement. " Who ?" "Muffin," said I. "Muffin!" he shouted; "what d'ye menu. Charles ? " 44 Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an inconqwir.ible artist, 1 should say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He sfared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. "What was his motive, think 3'uu?" lie asked presently. 4 4 He's pining to get home," I replied; 44 he's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. The men mean to punish him, and Finn iB waiting to confer with you on the subject. They'vo had bun lashed to the rigging aloft since daybreak."' 44 The scoundrel!" he cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly cased, softening the ! first harshness nnu temper of Mr voice. | "I have to thauk hiin for a frightful night. What a fool 1 am," he cried, vehemently striking his forehead. 4,1o suffer myself tu be terrified by things which 1 ought to know — which 1 ought to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, " cannot be as they seem/' 44 Well, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow s punish ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of tlie atl'air, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left Mm and returned to my cabin, where 1 lay reading till the break fast bell rang. Miss Jennings was alone in the cabin. She stood with lioad inclined over some flowers which still bloomed ill tlie mould in which they had been brought from England. Tlie sunshine of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, nnd the gems on her hands trembled like dewdrups on the leaves of the plants as she lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, half adjusting. Her l"uk of astonishment when 1 told her that tlie voice we had heard was a trick of Muffin's was liko a view of her Ivautyina new light ; amazement with a sparkle as uf laughter behind it to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little creature clasped her hands with gratitude | that the thing should have been dis- ; covered. I 44 Muflin is quite a rascal," she said, 41 and so clever as to be a real danger." > , She could scarcely credit that he had ! skill enough to deceive the ear as he had. i Wilfrid was slow in coming : I could seo him through tlie skylight walking with | Finn, gesticulating much, with a frequent look in the direction where, as I might gather. Master Muflin still hung. He kept Miss Laura attd I waiting for nearly ' a quarter of an hour, during which I cx- i plained hew Muffin had been discovered, how Wilfrid had gone on deck t-> arrange ' a punishment fur him, and the like. ! Presently my cousin arrived, and on I catching sight of Miss Jennings, cried out in his most boyish maimer, 4 4 Only think, I my dear, that our superstitious alarms | last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, lialf-cracked son of a greengrocer — Muflin. 1 never could have believed he had it in him. Eli, Charles ? Mad of course ; 1 don't say dangerously 60, but warped, you know, or is it likely that lie would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely becausc he wanUs to get home ? Mhy, d'ye know, Oliarles, Finn gravely swears that, had the rascal jiersisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, I verba »s seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of the crew, and sailed home— ending all my hopes." 44 How is ho to be served ? " 44 Finn propose," be answered, 44 that the men slmuld form a court — a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence bo a reasonable one. the fellows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jennings looked scared. 44 Tlicy won't hurt him much," said I 4' Finn lias pledged liis word to me. 'Tis t lie fright that will do him good. Is ho out of the rigging, Wilf?" " Probably by this time/' he answered. 4' 1 told Finn to get hint sent down and fed. The sun is hot up there, and the poor devil faced it." Whilst wo breakfasted I had much to j say about tlie fellow's singular accomplish- ; mcnt as a ventriloquist ; suggested j that by- and-byc lie should be brought aft I to entertain us. nnd expressed wonder j that a man so gifted, qualified by nntui-e. luorcovtr. to drcs up his singular and tpuciul faculty with the airs of as liicaui- c.il a CuUliteuanoe o» «rerT had heard of, should be satisfied with the mean olfices of a valet. But my flow of sjieech was presently checked by a change uf mood in Wilfrid. His face darkened ; he J mshed his plate from him, and let fly at iluflin in language which would not have been wanting iu profanity probably had Miss Jennings keen absent. 4Do you remember those strange warnings that 1 received almut my little one ? " he cried, turning a wild eye u|km inc. 44 After the gross deception of last night, who's to tell me that 1 might nut have been made a fool of in Uiat. too t " 1 shot a hurried glance of meaning and warning at Miss Jennings, and said care lessly. 44 Depend u|H>n it, we can never be the victims of more than our senses in this life." " Why should the creature have left me to go fonvard ? he shouted.- : 1 touched iny forehead with a smile. 1 "When you engaged' this fellow," said I, 44 you supM>&cd; his brain healthy any way. Now, my dear Wilf, the motive of this voyage supplies plenty of occu pation to the mind, and there is excite ment enough to he got out of it without the obligation of a lunatic to wait upon y.u/' He burst into a laugh, without however a hint of merriment in it, and then fell silent and most uncomfortably moody. Shortly afterwards lie went on dock. 44 What'll they do to Muffin, Mr. Mon son, do you think ? " Miss Laura asked. 44 1 cannot imagine," said I; "they may duck him from the yard- arm, they may sprcadeagle and refresh him with a few dozens ; punish him they will. Finn is hot against hiin. Ho is quite l ight in suggesting tliat a few such cx- jvericnces as tlmt of lust night might— indeed must— have ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coming on deck ? 41 No." 44 But it is a beautifid morning. The breeze is its sweet a? milk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." i 44 J do not care ; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you think I could witness a man being ducked or whipped ? 1 should faint." 44 Well, 1 will go and view the spectacle, so as to be able to give you the story of it." She pouted, .and cried, " Wretched Muflin ! Why did Wilfrid bring hiin ? Lend inc one nf Scott's novels, Mr. Mon son. I cannot get on with that story about the nobility." 1 was nut a little surprised, t>n passing through the companion hatch, to find that the firat act of the drama w;is about to begin. The whole of the ship's com pany, with the exception of the man who was at the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood to gether near the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who 1 afterwards learned was Cutbil, had pinned a blanket over liis shoulders to serve him as a robe, whilst on his head he wore a contrivance that might have been a pudding-hag, though what it really was I could n< it dis tinguish. He had covered his chin and checks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appoar- | ance as he sat with a great air of dignity on the to) of a small broad cask. Six sailors stood wing-ljke on either hand him, constituting tlie jury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held him by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck 1 could see his naked yellow shanks, Jus breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till 1 began to think tliat the two sailors tedd him, not as a prisoner, but to prevent hiin from tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro tlie quarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking an eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd fonvard when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a grin on his face and his tuiderJip work ing as though be talked. 44 I'm glad to bee Cutbill making a fool of himself, "said 1. 44 Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous when he introduces skylarking after the pattern of that fellow's make up. Shall wc step forward and hear the trial, Wilf ?" 44 No," said he, 44 it w«u:ld be undigni fied. Ever man to tlie end he belongs to aboard a sliip. Finn is there to sec all fa!r. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailor? shall have their way with him, providing, of course, that they don't carry things too far." "Let's sit then," 6aid I ; 44 your seven- league boots are too much for me this hot morning." He called to the steward to bring Jiim liis pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel. It was a very gem of a picture just then. The canvas rusu spreading on high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver- like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance 1 don't doubt they would haveshone upon tlie eye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam uf a pearl-encrusted surface. Tlie decks went forwaitl pure as ivory, evcty shadow so sharp tliat it looked as though an artist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting the rigging and even curve of stirless cloth and all deli cate intcrlacery of ratline and gear running crosswise. The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of tlie breast of a sleep ing girJ, into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-white clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of 6hecp waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. The crowd on the forecastle filled that pait of the vessel with colour. It was the fuller of life for the coming and going of tlie slxadows of the far-reaching studdingsails and the marble-like arch of the flow ing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces ..ith heads of hair and win whiskers ranging from fh'. blackness of the rook's plumes to a p ile straw colour, most of tlie beards wagging to the c?:cited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high iu the cheek-bones, with here e wrinkled grin, there a sour east, all combining to a pict ure tliat J hare but to close ni' eyes tu witness bright and vivid again as though it were of yesterday. Tlie trial was very decorously Conducted ; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kiml. I could hear the rumble of Cutbill's deep-sea notes, nr.d once or twice Muffin's response, faint as tlie squeak of a rat dee)) down. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimed a bit, but nothing reached me save the sulky rasp of his voice. Tlie fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of his cask to address the jury, and 1 saw the fellow at the wheel near us shaking his sides at the preposterous figure uf tlie inau as he hugged bis blanket to liis lieait, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag first to the 6ix men on liis left, then to tlie six men on his right, whilst he delivered his charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, with a look aft, sang out at the top of his voice, evidently that we should hear him : 44 Now, my lads, you who constitute tlie jury, what's your vardiet ? Is the prisoner ut tlie bar guilty or nut guilty 1 " "Guilty!" all twelve moil roared out at once, on which Cutbill, still erect on his cask, passed judgment. 1 strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigniarolo of a 8ieech, and so long that I turned with a face of dismay to Wilfrid. 44 1 say, what are they going to do with him ? Why, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, hanging, and quartering." " They only mean to frighten him," he answered, looking anxious nevertheless. The two men who grasped Muffin walked him into the head, faced hiin round, and stood on either hand him still preserving their hold. Finn caino aft, the men meanwhile hanging about in a body forwanl in a posture of waiting. 44 Well, what is decided on?" cried Wilfrid eagerly and nervously. Finn touched his cap. He tried to look grave, but secret enjuj-ment was very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spite of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of Ms chops to his chin end. 44 Your honour, the men's vardiet is tliat the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked. " 4 4 Cobbed!" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed 44 Ducked ! " with a look at the fore yardann that st»od high above the sea. 44 Every man'll give him a blow with a rope's end as he walks forrard," ex plained Finn, "and arterwards cool him with a bucket o water apiece." Wilfrid's eyes caine to lninc. <l It will depend upon how iiaid every' man hits," said J; 44 the ducking ifi innocent enough. Yet 1 see nothing of cruelty in the sentence ; and really the fellow not only requires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." 44 The hands are waiting for me to toll 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. 44 It'll make the punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." 44 One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did lie offer any excuses 1 " 44 Why, sir, he said he was egged on with thu desire to return to his mother and get off tlie sea which disagrees with Ms insides and affects his hintellcctuals. He soys he meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in sonic smothering trouble ; all the Fame 4 J came as a walot/ s;iys he 4and here now am J,' says he, 4 broke — just a ship's dog, n filthy scullion,' eayB he, 4 when my true calling,' says ho, is that of gentleman's gentleman/ " 44 But, confound him ! "cried Wilfrid, "it was hewlio left me; I did not dis miss hiiu. He went foi ward of his own will." 44 My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said 1. 44 Got on, get on and make an cud of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each check. "I'm wearj of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as lie advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the duck in a double line. Evoiy man held a piece uf rope in his hand— reef points they looked to me, though whether they had lieen cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of tlie kind forward 1 cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of sea men hauded buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man hud one at his feet. When these preparations were completed tlie brace of salts who lmd charge of Muffin suddenly whipped ofl' liis shirt, and laid bare liis back, so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure — liis yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of Ms face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal-black hair just as his in ward terror was accentuated by the cork screw-like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of Ms arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustre less eyes. It- was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that lie was intitled, by virtue of tlie remarkable gift lie had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than he was now to be subjected to. 1 laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the can vas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, lie tragically entered the double line of men, beating with his liands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muflin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced liirn to give us a bow. Tlie two sailors who had conducted Lira to this >oint then posted themselves with tlie others, each of them picking up a rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin 60 as to force liirn to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending liis arms under his blanket to binder Muffin from running forwards. 44 Lay on now ! " he hoarsely bawled, and then whack ! whack ! whack ! whack t sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a land- crab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their liands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing — though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousuess iu my merriment — at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, tw itching, dodging, almost nude figure of Muffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approba tion on each man for tlie blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, care fully turning out his toes as though he were giving Muflin a lesson in daucing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of 60iue court functionary marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo of the last wliack rose hollowly off Muffin's back, the skin of wMch was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled him round again, choking the veil he was in the act of delivering into a moan, and rail him back to where he had first started. The ropes' cuds were now dropjmd ; every man seized liis bucket, and as Muffin moved, slowly confronted as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the way with outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received n deluge full in his face one after another till L thought tlie very breath would liave been washed out of liis body. "Nowcutdownbelowauddryand clothe yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket jwas emptied o\ cr the shivering creature, '4ari9'the"net ye try any of your pranks upon eer a inau aboarjl. this wessel, whether he lives forward or whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to tliat yardann there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket and tore the oakum and cap off liis head. In a few brief moments the decks resounded with tlie slapping of sailora swabbing up tlie wet ; buckets were stowed away in : their places, the rope's-ends collected, aud iu an incredibly short space of time all was as though no such incident as I have related had happened, the plankB drying fast, some scatueu aft spreading tlie awning, other fellow's at their several jobs in the rigging or on deck, just a "grin now and again passing amongst them, but no laughter and no talk, and the yacht softly pushing forwards under ' , the Tpw»«in glory of the sun last approach-, ing Ms meridian. 44 We shell hear no more of Muffin, X think," said Wilfrid, showing nothing of the excitmcnt I had expected to find in him. 44 No," said I with a yawn and sickened somewhat by the business that had just ended, 44 but all this sort of business doesn't look like the errand that has brought us out on to tlie face of these broad waters." 44 Ay," said he, 44 but tlmt errand was in jeopardy until this morning." Ho went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. 1 waited thinking he meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes su iutcntly fixed that I took a look too, conceiving that ho beheld some thing to fix his attention. A strange ex pression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened Ms visage. 'Twas as likely a not that lie saw with liis mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze liad raised up before him was as autual to his tainted imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon (he sea-line. Rut I felt wearied fo tlie heart, sick as from a sort of ground- Bwell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture aud face was enough to increase tlie fit of the blues ujHin me just then, and 1 quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as wqs v> bo got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXI. heavy weather. After this, for a good many days nutliing in any dcjn'ce noteworthy hap pened. It sccinca, indeed, as though whatever litUe there was to alarm or divert during this extraordinary voyage had been jiacked into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk ; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have liad the poor devil up and about within au hour of drying aud dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow- faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to tlie valet's trick upon liis master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his liurves had been pro strated by the punishment, he ordered Finn to let liiin remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ven triloquism ; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvexed by muffled im precations. The sailors, when Muflin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he replied by say ing lie would sue them in a nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. 1 gathered from sullen Crimp's sour versiouof the inciilenttbatMuflin shrieked at the men, shook his fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the scream ing creature, believing hiin tu be raring mad. However, he beliaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught hiin looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. Life grew so tedious that I should have been glad to sec him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night ; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so tlie subject dropped. The north-east trades blew a fresh breeze and bowled us hxudsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing sui- ge of the trades chasing us, aud a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel'6 shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but lmd met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as tlie rising aud the sinking of tiio sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphire of the oceau boundary, steadily circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But uie cry of 14 Sail ho!" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness ; his appetite failed him,, he talked but little, and his one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melan choly that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. alias Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, hut already I could sec that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of ex pectation, was proving too much for hor. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hojies no consideration. c were bound to fall in with tlie Shark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at the Cajm before her, and there lay in wait. She was find ing out now tliat the ocean wsb the pro digious plain I liad represented it for a pursuit of this kind, and that the journey liad already grown infinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of miles diBtant vet. Still she stuck to her guns maufuily. Her heart would show in her eyes alien Bhe thought her self unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had made up her tniitd, that she h«t cast in her lot with. Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst he continued to pursue his wife, no anatter =to what part of the world he might direct Finn toateer tlie vessel, she would remainhtfriBhi&e;/- AShould'Tever forgive myself, do you think, Mr. Monson," she would argue, 44 if after I had left him Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she xefnsed to . return with him for lack, periiap8, "<ff the?4ry fluencc I should be able to exertt 44 Ay. but do . not you' much ? " I would answer. frid might fall in with she might decline to have with him ; veriuipi if IhwhIhI might jyicld fo CONriiONTIMJ Cl'TBIIX WArS MlFFJ> BETWEEN TWO BRAWNY SALTS. another Table frior husband yacht. what ..with me, I 'had I liad -other companion it would have in my hon- days. Between LoUTB Trading aloud anIM ImoM what neer ogKhis !|ip nnd on his mood out of toeee him Or insane | only that pSlSieldBjtJeiesB with ex- iretbaFs'ay. Tairest part of "under the | bteezcB, hot langnidlj ! lhat at her Soothe brilliance of j |Ttreinblmg aud ' -16f dim fire counter denot- pursuit of some gjjhe.£shj alf3£5StfnB of "white stars ri3din .tieiU6£ Siding 4he |tolislied c&ny; heareTeHafcrsthicjnless. Even ing after ei'eningnauch nights as tliese would Hiss XiaTira ind I placidly step the . deck togetheror ait watdiing tlie esquisite ; : 'cfiede Of mocrtllight on nail and cordage ; jrdidWnngnyUifllnminmyalniro fhn black xim of ocean, with Xhotremble of the water f'/ initelighfcasthough tho deep thrilled to «S-r of the moonbeams; gliding £ - Jyom one romantic fancy to another as ' IcaSeciy ob our-fc Hoated over the long, j ' .' -AtVrn respirationa of Hie deep. Indeed, itnndd. cgmeBproetimes to my Bunking 4 1 .-flat it JheJBrl&rere; jnyy»cht and Laura 1 nlnnn mher-yith a crewto narigate j|gf"toLeetUe— I ehould he ray well gySraSaied to go 'on sailing ahout in this gS|aahion In tiiose latitudes, nnder those KSglgtiDUs etara nnd upon these warm and glenile geas, until A>o tired. In its serene gfefmoorilit moods the ocean possesses an ...a „r aTdriijlalislng. "The veriest common-place BjggoOT.into'pocSc; beautj' under Biemys- Scngua, wtaliRing, enricliing indncnce. I lave' aetni' n girl whom no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comely by daylight, show-liko an uugel onthedeck of nyaclitona hushed "and radiant night ir . lyliell tile air hss been brimming to the iriUxHieSott'lraze of mooidight, and «ea has resembled a carpet of ®®a XWtai, nnd her peinals of light are charged ?gSW8h»imwr.:W.i«liHa«. Tn tbB soft golden feiggfelgeimB any feompanion's face would tfSietunos grow phantasnial, a dream of . . - girlish loveliness, the radiance of her hair l||;|inl8lDjSdefiaSgwithlherichiUusivelight 5®||lill I.WDnld aomethnes think if I should > . slance away from her and then look again, SJishbtild "find her fairy countenance melted |gj$r,3i anHefrmfMilmt that4e)b the etory g :.-of my heart! .Toe, I was/far gone; no need io'&'my it Our aaendatian was Spntainde idw decree that no companion- Si|diH)adiorc could approach.' Wilfrid left J l ;ymdio together for hour after hour, and HfltfeBmandbody, io intrude upon us. llplgiSm clearly nuderstood what was happen- ||g.wiandapnrsdd.Crimp was always careful K:ijjft>a£aaye tia yme aide of the deck to our- f.-i'BiBierSoto happena violent gi®uHigeia : tjanrfbrinaricm of peaceful, lpjtiarpf-a.e :ri#t .Jdnd to K|aHrjght inrmBnceann in driye the spirit of Ba&oehOowMingeutof; eight. - : inlatitidenbout eight degrees ' -..jiorih; -the ioisitudel'do ndtremember. j |@7911ie iugbt bad heeu Tory quiet but thick ; ! f-wtftiWefmd fltarela atar lhat -was a mere; tef-misSaMSlia iii Sie yoid, and the water &\- "Idackand alugrish as liquid pitch witliout pgiae&inln5t.; 33ie atmosnhere had been -conldget no jest. The rgyiliaitadipneddrearily IrontSdeEto aide, Ki3dudriw;fhnnderwKit.nf her eanvas and |S3Bnaing a adiin3, BkB a low sobbing -waal, jntoQieinidnight gloom. teJjnEa'fueranted Itne from opening the i;acatae,-rid llayhslf stifled, occasionally ®®Srongdi2k'by s sense of suffocation, wSijMtoiigh jtWas like passing from one hot «EBSaiidi.ku.i. . Thero IgasjaTwrimieter in the cabin just under Mmock -in . the. "Skylight; every time I istiarMflddwbmewhiftl a verT gradual but gimaiav'lsletdksn.'- -That : fonl weather agmM3iMid"td»uldjnot doubt, but it was t'ihsunagma' the, character it would ifSMtakn i-iaogn smdnast' these equatorial parallels, whelb tmellirdly looks for gales lijVstwindjof idinik outbursts, or the rusli- ||nE;tornpest rad with figlitping of high EafttndeByJfhouft evory man who has yH-'iinostedfhBgns will Joiow that the ocean MsSHfnH rfheiineiTiactod thereabouts as gjganSll other psrffdfBiB globe. '' Fte®¥%ntotow;®aye'ra'.!clearer recollection iif fh Slight JUlSn Of tile time that fol- BjS.yaaa..S>twrioaier passage of W |SrPPabgnU.ivf.t was first the intolerable JUMdrah'en jthe iamendurably monotonous SiilBigliiiiMsl wdit with its itirtytolsyloooompanfmetit of the yearning TOwiUM'wateta, theeesselesB and iuabin dons' upon rrgi SilTjafe T>eaBng of eanvas KjBfejiaiorriypenrtTatiug the deck with exPlo KSiihetagaangiindstTaitung tonght glBlinytlmiamfl iaEore and below, a hot PrsrmfUl of paintandyamiiii and nnhnlatorc MmiiiifcAtimiliSniS aori, .indefinable yaruBsnftmdonr r'ialtand of of WeHwewlmiai a mil sometimes Siliiwii> Mgnwiujr"3a' at hand. I IfeitiWBTOytdriCT'ffanicft'.tesB than one doaen aegajottaealotselKerWar-ej- intiiesman bnum and routed cut j »e aW«3Bg98qnwrornt-thm Tefreehment. raalBto-SniromBt Slhe .-hotter I got. fcWlfd.ilSjB»Hrc.eTOr more grate- EftBMPlyfeSatmMian- did from a half-hour at mom- IliMinmWBilaaeaainolonredon the wmjUgESBIImSS'' ' SnitgmtJWmthleiOfSlryf-Beyer beheld aaSjaapaSPBiowl'tio itfrom tSfettorartim- ; IMiiiSteiSMKiSBffiltBfaakytrowna: |8fe|llMw#ftfeggini3ini>f udoom pftoa Hmwewtutospigisinkotoanake-one MBmlflMHWHTOfflMgil'tmfinea [?] [?] then a longer wail as it poured hot as the breath of a furnace bEost between cur anas to," This was followed by some five minutes of breutbiess oolm, during which the yacht fell off into the trough again j of my mouth the j'acht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every blessed aiticle on the breakfast-fable fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with die figures of the two stewards reel ing to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched -srins with her face wlute with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bcllowiug through tlic gloom was n continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the car for all the world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boil ing and biasing of the seas made one think of a sky -full of water falling into the ocean. The yacht at the first going off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing orer the rail; and the horror of that pos ture of seemingly drowning prostration, togetlier with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over her in vast bodies of snow. But she was n noble sea boat, aud was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempestuous music on high rang out more fiercely vet, until it taeniae absolutely impossible to use one's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hull down the liquid heights, which came rearing at her from a very smother of scud and vapour and flying spray, gave her such a heel that every recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches were Kittened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some tune the stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that wc could scarcely discern one another's faces. Off the enhin dfenlr rnsp a miserable innrlinrr aim) (flatter of broken crockeiy and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to let go ; for there were moments when the decks sloped like tlic steep roof of a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of & curt to break his neck or beat liis brains out. At regular intervals the cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green sen, and those were moments, X vow, to drive a man on to liis knees with full conviction that he would be giving up the ghost in a very little while ; for to these darkening, glimmering, green delugings the cabin interior turned a dead black aa though it were midnight ; du\m lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water ; a shock as of the discliarge of heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to the blows of the tons upon tons of water which burst over the rail to the height of the cross- trees, falling upon the resounding dock from that elevation with a crash that made one tliink of the fabric having struck, followed on by a distracting ; sound of seething as the deluge, flung from side to side, boilod between the bulwarks. We had met with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest, but nothing to season us for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble on all- fours up the cabin ladder and fce put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first pro- tarusion of my nose I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and 6wcpt overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire ; the clouds of foam blown off the eea, and whirliug hoarily under the black vapour low down above our mastheads looked like 6tcam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to tlic wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in black oilskins crouching aft under the lee of the bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round his waist; but all forwards was liaze, storms of foam, a glimpse of the yacht's bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to the smiting of the structure in marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterapout, hut with heads which instantly vanished in a smoke of crystals before the shriek and thunder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, with a furious salival draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve mcl Never could I have imagined such a sight as tliat sea presented. Xt might well have scared the heart of a for bolder man than ercr I professed to be to witness the height and arching of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of tailing summits; the dusk of the atmosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of the storm out of the maddened waters ; the gkastliness of the dissolving moun tains of whiteness glaring out into the wet and leaden shadow ; the leaping of the near horizon against the thick gloom tliat locked to whirl like & teetotum, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phantasmal shapes, a mad, chaotic blending of vanishing and reappearing forms timed by the yell and hum of tlie gale sounding high above the crash of the breaking surge and the shattering of wave by nave as though in very truth it fetched an echo of its own deafening roaring out of the dark sky rushing low over this tremendous scene of commotion. Whatever it might be tlklt blew, whether a straight-lined hurricane or some wing of rotating storm, it lasted for three days; not, indeed, continuing the terrible severity with which it had set in, for we were 1 all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of tempest that had first sprang upon us must havchcatcn the yacht down to her grave by mere blows of green seas, let alone the addition of the incalculable pressure of the wind, lbs stay-foresail in one blast that caught the yacht when topping a sea was blown into .raga,-and "whirled up into tlie dusk-like smoke. A . Augment of headsail was WBhted, but whilBt some men were claw- ingfomsrds to effect what was ncccssaty tho vessel whipped a sea that carried three of them overboard like chins of wood. leaving tie fourth stranded in thescuppere as far afb as the gangway with his neck end both legs farokenl We were but a snudl rliip, and luxurious fittings counted fior 'nothmg in such . a hellish tumblefi. kept his berth werSjdfteSSIitae -time, having slightly sprained 3us inide,iwluch .topped by the tefttiim'Jirdhitiited liim from extending hit |«Wjioij%fiMngle stride. On the Imto jbuul rMiss Laura would not leave ffie ralr«ffi|l|OTdeaVoured to persuade her Jgfaliiglmiiblest in her bunk, but to no jgnrarjmgeguiui wuac s couiu to range ner $Sajf ISHEoimd-hcr maid -half dead liwtinfaaa.'Mid hlihaea. procured a pillow, BlBWWWfliijlfi hermer to the lee Wmeimmi'OSaiemm not mochrisk of her; winggetl berto the : a89aS»bilftv.'aAWi wth'' her con- j HaaBlltMiBtaiauld tti keeh her asleep at her side holding her hand, saw lire it. Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the complctesfc figure imaginable of a Lempest-bcatcn liuiD and jxwortgf matters above ; but 1 reniQtutar wishiugtum at the devil when hp tolj£ us ofjthfe lossXof the fouiSnen, a 431050 depressing: niece of ucwi eouldfjdot jfcaye reiished hsjateucli a time,pndHhtt LauraSs ispjjitsaeemed to lPbitw-qmpossiWo to light Uie galley fire, anawc had to subsist upon the re mains of past cookery and on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the firat day of tlic gale the cook had fallen aud broken two fingers of his right hand : so that could a fire liavo been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of tlie third day the gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jeunings in tlic cabin, with a plate of biscuit and 11am on my knee, off which she and X were making a lover's meal, X popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of tlie flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin , the lamp binned dimly, for there had been some difficulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddeuly, I wit nessed a flash of yellow mooushine upon the porthole directly facing me, cud with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to tlie plate that fell in a crash upon the deck, aud crying out, " Thank God, here's fine weather coming at last ! " 1 made a spring fo the cuni- panionsicpSjGndliauled myself up through the batch. It was a sight X would not have missed witnessing for mucin The moon at that instant had swept into a clear space of indigo-black licavcn ; her light flashed fair upon tlie vast desolation of swollen waters; every foaming head of sea glanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon which it broke allowed with something of the glory of crystalline snow beheld in sunlight ; the clouds tad broken and were sailing across tlie sky 311 dense dark masses ; it still blow violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in tlic roar of tlie wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical Mr that, (lm ctmnnt.li rsf Ow. (rnlo u;ir exhausted, just as in n humming-top the ; tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing j slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock ! tliat morning it was no more ttan ft mode- j rate breeze with n liigh angry swell, of j which, however, Finn made nothing ; . for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her , cabin, 1 heard them milking sail on deck ; : and when, haviug had a short chat, with i Wilfrid, who lay in liis bunk earnestly ' thanking God that the weather had j mended, 1 went 011 deck to take a Ir.st ' , look round before turning in, 1 found tlie _ wind shifted to west-noiah-wcst and the 2>r'uJc swarming and plunging over the strong southerly swell under a w hole main- J sail, gull' foresail and jib, with hands 1 sheeting home tlic square topsail, Crimp singing out in tlic waist, and Finn making a sailor's supper off a ship's biscuit in one ; iiand and a cube of salt junk in the other i by tlie light of the moon. (To be continued.) 