SEEING A GHOST. " Do Jet me take it Î" said Cora Deane* ' It will be bo nice to carry things to the poor." She was leaning against the side of the door, her straw hat wreathed about with bright-colored antumn leaves, a flushof crimson on her cheek. Aunt Betsy stood with the little cup of freshly-made custard in one hand, and a dried huckleberry pie in the other. "•La, child," said Aunt Betsy, "they aint exactly poor. Not begging poor,you know. John'Jones gets a nice little sum for ringing the church bell on Sunday mornings and making the fire Saturday nights. And Loretta, she's a first-class tailoress. ànd I believe they owu a farm somewhere in Hogmanton Hollow, that they rent to Leander Smith. But Loretta aint. been, very well of late, and she's dreadful partial to my dried huckleberry-pies j so, if you don't mind takin' ifc^" . " Oh, not in the least !" said Coxa, with alacrity. " Is it far î" "Jest down Crooked Lane, and past the big holler tree before you come to the blacksmith shop," said Aunt Betsy. "Foller the line of the church fence, an' you can't go amiss. It aint more'n a mile, anyhow." : So Cora took the neatly-packed little basket and tripped away into the yellow misty light of the October sunset, singing as she went. She had bean in this partof the country some time, but she was not quite certain where John Jones's cottage was exactly situated. " Bat I can enquire," she said to herself. "Oh, here comes Alice Embury. She'll tell me? Alice Embury, a light-cheeked young village girl, met her with a smile of welcome. " The Jones's cottage ?" said she, " why of course. It's close by the old churchyard ; and don't forget the rehearsal of the Musical Society,' 7 Alice called after her as she tripped away. " I shall be in plenty of time for that," returned Cora. As Cora- came down into the valley a soft white mist seemed to fold itself around her. The glow of earth and sky faded out, and a sepulchral gloom seemed to take, possession of the whole scene. At the same moment she became conscious of the near neighborhood cf an ivy-mantled old church outlined darkly against the sky, and the glimmering greyness of old tombstones leaning over against the grass. " I must be almost there," s" ,e thought. "Follow the churchyard fence," Aunt Betsy had told. her. And that must be the little house under the cedar trees, I am sure." She hurried down the grassy path, with a certain thrill running through her veins—she would have been loth to call it superstitious fear—but, nevertheless, she felt very glad to get past the cluster of gravestones into the cedar-shaded dooryard. She knocked at the door. There was no answer.: She knocked a little londer. Still no reply rewarded her endeavors ; arid with a sudden impulse, she pushed the door open. It led into a little square room, the floor of which was covered by a bright rag carpet, the walls papered in a gay pattern of roBës and leaves climbing over an impossible trellis. A low fire burned in the wood stove—a kettle sang on the top with monotonous sound. Cora sat down, on thecushioned rockerto rest. " They had gone out somewhere," she thought, -and she placed her basket on the table. " They will be back soon." But as the moments crept by, and nobody returned, the darkness decended like a sudden pall upon the quiet autumnal scene. She could see tke - gravestones gleaming whitely ; she could hear the murmuring of the restless wind : in the treetops outside. - A sudden terror seemed to tighten around her heart She sprang up, involuntarily. " I cannot stay here any longer," she cried;'aloud ; and she rushed to the door. But it "refused to open. "She was fastened in—through some rnst or faultmess of the outside latch—acaptive, sorely against her "will. She uttered à scream and flew towards the window. . Bat from its. jpa&es;, small and inter^^ frequentiy wj^ wooden bars, she saw a.sight that chilled her very blood —a -tfhrte; shadotfy figure, moving to and fro among the gravestones. All that "she hàii ever seen or heirddf ghost stories and «jpenûAural révélation came back to heir at this" moment with surp -ising vividness. She crouched ' trembling violently; in thfe corner «I the rubra. How long she remaihéd shivering in the corner »he J never knew. It -might have been five ttSnateai it mîghthàve been an hour, but the welcome -sound .of footsteps on the thresholdcame at last. • X '^Pother take thie 'ere old ktchf'caid & nasal voice 4>ufeide. ; M Itf« clean rusted^ out. Ill get Another one the -first time I go to'Salisbury. There, Miss Embury''--as the door wbs flungwide open-^"didn' t î tell ye 1 Thereaint noxme here ?": : " Ef there aint no one - hear/'aaidi jfc shrill, GKwkedzjromMV voieej on takes there's, sotite one inth«ooraer hidin' *\ray r g3aflT«iI' "It's the ghost," muttered Cora, beginuingtofeel vagaly ashamed of her unreasoning panic. "I saw it myself— oatthere-~all in white, parang up and down among thegraves." \- "tîoodnessme V' exclaimed Alice. " Ft was I thatshe saw—^my white shawl. I was waUdmg ûp and downthere, waiting fother'tb come oat. I was afraid that she. would Ipse herwaycoming home, and i wahted fco~besure that she would be at the rehearsal in time to night. Cora began to laugh hysterically, and said: ; " " . .-•' I would not live in this .dUmal place not if anyone paid nue twenty pounds a week. Mrs. Jones there is a cup- custard and huckleberry pie that Aunt Betsy Becket has sent yoo. And please let me have tli e basket, so as to get home as fast asp.*tibie." *- Wont you sit a spell ?" said hospitable Mrs. Jones, who had at last comprehended the situation. " Not a taiuute, not a second," Cora answered hurriedly. " Oh, Alice, do hurry; it is gétHng darker every minute." *' But the moon has risen," said composed Alice. ''It will be lighter now." Aren't yon afraid to go past that graveyard in the dark ?" whispered Cora. "Periiaps Mr. Jones—" " Afraid !" echoed Alice, with a sweet, rippling laugh. " Why, what should I be afraid of î i often come dowu here to see Mrs. Jone's niece, Rebecca, when she 'is stayîug here, and go back all by myself." •' But why does Mr. Joues live here ?" said Cora piteously. Because he is the sexton," said Alice Embury, " Because it is handy to be so near the church and the churchyard." Cora only soivered. She knew that she had been silly and s 'perstitious, but she could not help it, " To think," cried cheery Alice, " that you should have taken me for a ghost, while all (he time I was watching the cottage door, and wondering why on earth you didn't come out 1" Acd by the time they had reached Aunt Betsy's comfortable farm-house Cora herself tf;i"> "M ; to ready to laugh at her own folly. Waile Aant Betsy s charal listic remark—the same she made wheu she heard of a death, a wedding, or a spoiled batch of pickles—was : " Well, I never I" 