CHAPTER V. Meanwhile a new excitement had arisen in St UtaL A new lode had been struck in the mine, with xnnch promise of tin, and as the Company was eager to develop the vein with all possible baste, miners Booked in from all quarters, until the village was literally crowded out. In fact, the later arrivals found it impossible to secure lodgings anywhere. This necessitated the erection.of a number of wooden houses or cabins by the Company, and within a month a meadow near the mine had been transformed into a small village, the centre of which was occupied by, a large shed which served as common dining-room. . In the i erection of this temporary village little, if any,, regard had been paid to the laws of sanita tion. In fact, such trifling matters as drainage ! and ventilation had not been oonsidered at all. !• In a few weeks the new village was more crowded than the old. And yet, strange to say, Join. Silent's cottage remained empty all the while. The landlord did his best to get a tenant for it; but without avail. The house was haunted, people said. Though when or how the ruinour oiigiuated no one knew. Yet, as the days passed on, frightful stories were circulated concerning the cottage, and people were heard to declare that they would not spend a night in it for a thousand pounds. Many' of the new arrivals ridiculed the stories with high-sounding words, yet it was very noticeable none of them offered to rent the cottage, though houses wore so scarce. Indeed, the place was shunned by old and young alike. Towards the middle of August the heat became oppressive, and continued so for several weeks. In their little wooden cabins, and crowded in thoif bunks, the miners fairly sweltered, and longed for a change in the weather. But tho farmers rejoiced, and hoped that the skies would remain unclouded until all the harvest was gathered in. Then a whisper ran through the village of St. Ural that the" plague" had broken out in the new settlement. A few hours later this was confirmed by a general exodus of men from the infected spot. A' dozen men were striken down simulta- . neously, but tho exact nature of the disease was not known. The one doctor in the neigh-' hourbood spoke of typhus fever, and urged, suudry precautions. But tho frightened villagers continned to speak of it as " thB plague," and kept away from the place as far as possible. . • Meanwhile the sufferers were in danger of being'left to die uncared for. They were not' natives of St. Ural. They had come from all the country round, in most instances leaving their families behind them. A few brave men and women volunteered their services as nurses, but veiy few.' Life seemed a very prcciouB thing to most people, if not for its own sake, yet for the sake of their families. ' ■ ' Now and then a woman came from far away to nurse her husband or son; but iu most instances she did not nurse him long. The new comers seemed specially liable to attack, and generally succumbed to the fatal disease. Within a fortnight all the nurses had been stricken down, while half of those who were iirst attacked had died. At the end of three weeks not a woman was left alive in the place ; and tho half-dozen men who still clung to life were almoBt forsaken. At this juncture Joe Bosevear resolved to go to the rescue. His plan was to take up his abode in John Silent's cottage; and goto and fro' between it and tho stricken village, if necessary a dozen times a day, but to spend no more time in the fever haunted cabins than was absolutely necessary. By this means he thought he might preserve his own health, and at the same time avoid cariying infection to other people. People wondered when they heard of his resolve, but no one dared to thwart him. In a few hours lie had laid in provisions and fuel enough to last him a month. Then he closed the door without locking it, and went away to fetch his clothes. It was nearly dark when ho returned, and un entering the room lie started back almost in terror. . Seated in the one chair the room contained was,the motionlessfigureof •a man. The face was toward the empty grate;' but the outline of the figure was for all the world like that of John bilent. Joe was not supers titious, but he could not repress a little shudder that thrilled him even to the finger tips. * Tor several seconds he stood stock stiff, looking at the motionless figure; and as his eyes grew accustomed to the dim light ho became convinced that cither John Silent him self was before him or his ghost. The latter thought hn dismissed as soon as it was formed. It must be the man himself. "John Silent," he said, advancing toward him, " I am glad to see you again. When did you come Slowly the figure unlient, then stood uji, while a long-drawn sigh escaped his lips. "I only came just now, he said, while a wan smile lit up his pale face, " but I am glad to see you, Joe, very glad." This was such an unexpected greeting that Joe stared at hiin in surprise. "Sit dowh on this block of wood, Joe," ho went on, "and let mo talk to you while I have the chance. Ah, you look surprised, and I don't wonder. But I couldn't talk before. I thought—but never mind. I know better now —and she is gono—and so I need not any longer keep silence. "I don't quite understand," said Joe, coming near, and leaning against tho mantel piece. " j.ou won't sit down?" he went on,, as though not heeding Joe's remark. "Well, it doesn't matter, I can soon say all. I hove to say. I'm going down to the camp directly. But I thought I would like to look again ait the old cottage fitst. I heard ' yesterday about the plague. I jmly reached Liverpool the day before, so you see I couldn't get sooner. They'll allow me to nurse them, I guess. And I shall be glad to do something "useful before I die. I know I shall take the fever, and I'm weak to start with—but what, does it matter ? Life has no interest for me." " But why Joe asked, suddenly, John lilted bis keen eyes, and paused for ' several seconds. Then be went on again— . . " Yes, Joe, it is right you should know. You've been a friend to me from my first coming here. I needn't begin at the begin ning ; I will start with two and a half years ago, when I went to Trelenva. It is only a j small place, and it doesn't grow, for most of the young men have gone to America and California. I don't know why I went there, but I did, and what is more, I got work directly. "Well, the second day after I got there I saw Annie Dean, and I loved her from the first. I can't tell ycu the why or wherefore, and perhaps you will think me foolish; hut suoh is the fact. She was very pretty and very " t lit dainty, with the sweetest lips you ever saw. I worshipped her long before I ever spoke to her. " I soon saw that many of the other girls in the village did not like her. They were jealous of the admiration she got, said she was a flirt, and that she had played fast and loose with the affections of many a young man. "I had been several months in Trelenva | before I spoke to her, and then our acquaint ance ripened rapidly. One of my comrades j cautioned me. He said that she had loved one j George Baines todistraction, but had quarrelled with him, and he bad gone abroad. * She will never love you,' he Baid,' so I would be cautious, if I were you."' • . • "I tried not to let this gossip trouble me. yet somehow it rankled in me heart constantly, and all the while I loved her to distraction. Well, I told her of my love at length, and asked her tn Vivmv wife. Ah j mo. hnw if. all mmes to by my. wife. Ah 1 me, bow it all comes back. It seems now like a happy dream. The blissful walks - down by the river's side, the quiet rambles over the downs, the loitering home from Chapel after service. I forgot the gossip and lived in Heaven. "I took a cottage at length, and began to furnish it; and how proud she was, while her trust in me seemed perfect. Well, it is just twelve months ago since we got married.. Her uncle gave her away, for her parents were dead and her brothers in America. For two months our happiness was unclouded. Then she seemed to get low-spirited. And I, fool that I was, grew jealous. I did not take into ac count that being so much alone was very trying. So instead of trying to cheer her I moped and sulked. And once I taunted her with fretting for her old sweetheart. Oh, it was a cruel stab. She looked, at me just as a wounded deer might have done, but she did not speak. And 1 in my madness wrongly interpreted her silence. So time went on till we had been married six months. Then returning unex pectedly one afternoon, I discovered that she was not alone. "A strange hat and stick on the back kitchen table aroused my suspicions. I hod come in softly, so no one knew of my presence, and peeping into our little sitting-room I saw a strange man seated in my easy chair with my wife upon his knee. Her arm was about his neck; fend his arm about her waist. " 'Oh, .G,eorge, yciu darling,' I heard her' say.. * How good of youto come,' and'then she bent down and kiBsea him. "I did not stay to see or hear any more. I did not wish to make a scene. I felt as though my heart was broken. I wrote a few lines in pencil, and left them on the table, saying I was going. away and should never return again. " So "I oame here as'you remember. Came here with a'broken heart, and with only one desire, and that was, that I might die. Well, I was here three months, when I unexpectedly met her uncle.' It was a strange meeting, and in thiB very room. He told me tbat'the man I saw with my wife was her own brother.' Arid that finding she was forsaken by ber husband, she hod gone back with him to Johnsfo.wri, Pennsylvania. You cannot imagine how I felt. But that very day I tramped to Truro— for no one knew me at the station there—and caught the last train up. Well, I got to JohnB town at length, and began to make enquiries about George Dean. 1 didn't find hum I found where he had lived, but he had gone away. " Annie was dead, ,so I {earned ; $o I .didnlt follow him". In the cemetery I found her grave, with a very simple stone at the head, and this inscription:— IN LOVING MEMORY OK ANNIE DEAN, Who died May 24th, 18—, AGED 23 YEARS, ' UNTIL THE DAY DAWN AND THE SHADOWS FLEE AWAY.' " You see Joe," and his voice broke a little upon tomb. Ah! I was not worthy to be called her husband. So now I go to meet her when the Lord will let me. We shall understand each other youder, ' when the day 6hall dawn and the shadows flee away.'" He broke down at this and began to cry; and, for awhile, his stifled sobs alone broke the silence of the room. " Give me your hand, comrade," Joe said at length, "I understand you now." And, for several seconds, they clasped handB in silence, mi t„„ i i. . Then Joe struck a light and .began to, get supper ready.' . , . • 'We will nurse the, sick, together," he said cheerfully, " and, who knows, the. Lord may bring us all through." Johri'sriiilcd'feebly in reply, then roso to. his feet, and began to, assist in cooking the supper. , -*.•' • , : : " 