CHAPTER XXIII.-A DAWN OF RAIN. THAT crash of the closing door did not awake Beatrice only ; it awoke Elizabeth and Mr. Granger. Elizabeth sat up in her bed straining her eyes through the gloom to see what had happened. They fell on Beatrice's bed-surely surely- Elizabeth slipped up, cat-like she crept across the room and felt with her hand at the bed. Beatrice was not there. She sprang to the blind and drew it, letting in such light as there was, and by it searched the room. She spoke : "Beatrice, where are you?" No answer. "Ah-h," said Elizabeth aloud : " I understand. At last-at last!" What should she do? Should she go and call her father and put them to an open shame ? No. Beatrice must come back sometime. The know- ledge was enough ; she wanted the knowledge to use if necessary. She did wish to ruin her sister unless in self-defence or rather for the cause of self-advancement. Still less did she wish to injure Geoffrey, against whom she had no grudge. So she peeped along the passage, then returning, crept back to her bed like a snake into a hole and watched. Mr. Granger, hearing the crash, thought that the front door had blown open. Rising, he lit a candle and went to see. But of all this Geoffrey knew nothing, and Beat- rice naturally less than nothing. She lay senseless in his arms, her head rested on his shoulder, her heavy hair streamed down his side almost to his knee. He lifted her, touched her on the forehead with his lips and laid her on the bed. What was to be done? Bring her back to life? No, he dared not-not here. While she was thus her helplessness protected her ; but if once more she was a living, loving woman here and so- oh, how should they escape? He dared not touch her or look towards her-till he had made up his mind. It was soon done. Here she must not abide, and since of herself she could not go, why he must take her now, this moment. However far Geoffrey fell short of virtue's stricter standard, let this always be remembered in his favour. He opened the door, and as he did so, thought that he heard someone stirring in the house. And so he did ; it was Mr. Granger in the sitting-room. Hearing no more, Geoffrey concluded that it was the wind, and turning, groped his way to the bed where Beatrice lay as still as death. For one moment a horrible fear struck him that she might be dead. He had heard of cases of som- nambulists who, on being startled from their un- natural sleep, only woke to die. It might be so with her. Hurriedly he placed his hand upon her breast. Yes, her heart stirred-faintly indeed, but still it stirred. She had only swooned. Then he set his teeth, and placing his arms about her, lifted her as though, she wore a babe. Beatrice was no slip of a girl, but a well-grown woman of full size. He never felt her weight ; it seemed nothing to him. Stealthily as one bent on mid- night murder, he stepped with her to the door and through it into the passage. Then supporting her with one arm, he closed the door with his left hand. Stealthily in the gloom he passed along the corridor, his bare feet making no noise upon the boarded floor, till he reached the bisecting passage leading from the sitting-rooms. He glanced up it apprehensively, and what he saw froze the blood in his veins, for there coming down it, not eight paces from him, was Mr. Granger, holding a candle in his hand. What was to be done? To get back to his room was impos- sible-to reach that of Beatrice was also impos- sible. With an effort he collected his thoughts, and like a flash-of light it passed into his mind that the empty room was not two paces from him. A stride and he had reached it. Oh, where was the handle? and oh, if the room should be locked! By a merciful chance it was not. He stopped through the door, knocking Beatrice's foot against the framework as he did so, closed it - to shut it he had no time-and stood gasping behind it. The gleam of light drew nearer. Merciful powers! he had been seen-the old man was coming in. What could he say? Tell the truth that was all ; but who would believe such a story? why, it was one that he should scarcely care to advance in a court of law. Could he expect a father to believe it-a father finding a man crouched like a thief behind a door at the dead of night with his lovely daughter senseless in his arms? He had already thought of going straight to Mr. Granger, but had abandoned the idea as hopeless. Who would believe this tale of sleep- walking? For the first time in his life Geoffrey felt terribly afraid, both for Beatrice and himself ; the hair rose on his head, his heart stood still, and a cold perspiration started on to his face. "It's very odd," he heard the old man mutter to himself ; "I could almost swear that I saw some- thing white go into that room. Where's the handle? If I believed in ghosts-hullo? my candle has blown out! I must go and hunt for a match. Don't quite like going in there without a light." For the moment they were saved. The fierce draught rushing through the open orack of the door from the ill-fitting window had extinguished the candle. Geoffrey waited a few seconds to allow Mr. Granger to reach his room, and then once more started on his awful journoy. He passed out of the room in safety ; happily Beatrice showed no signs of recovery. A few quick steps and he was at her own door. And now a now terror seized him. What if Elizabeth was also walking the house or even awake? He thought of putting his burden down at the door and leaving her there, but abandoned the idea. To begin with, her father might see her, and then how could her presence be accounted for? or if he did not, she would certainly suffer ill effects from the cold. No, he must risk it, and at once, though he would rather have faced a battery of guns. The door fortunately was ajar. Geoffrey pushed it with his foot, entered, and with his foot pushed it to again. Suddenly he remem- bered that he had never been in the room and did not know which bed belonged to Beatrice. He walked to the nearest ; a deep-drawn breath told him that it was the wrong one. Drawing some faint consolation from the fact that Elizabeth was evidently asleep, he groped his way to the second bed through the deep twilight of the room. The clothes were thrown back. He laid Beatrice down and drew them over her. Then he fled. As he reached the door he saw Mr. Granger's light vanish into his own room and heard his door close. After that it seemed to him that he took but two steps aud was in his own place. He burst out laughing ; there was as much hysteria in the laugh as a man indulges in. His nerves were shattered by struggle, love and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merriment. Somehow the whole scene reminded him of one in a comic opera. There was a ludicrous side to it. Suppos- ing that the political opponents, who already hated him so bitterly, could have seen him slinking from door to door at midnight with an unconscious lady in his arms-what would they have said? He ceased laughing ; the fit passed-indeed it was no laughing matter. Then he thought of the first night of their strange communion, that night before he had returned to London. The seed sown in that strange hour had blossomed and borne fruit indeed. Who would have dreamed it possible that he should thus have drawn Beatrice to him? Well, he ought to have known. If it was possible that the words which floated through her mind could arise in his as they had done upon that night, what was not possible? And were there not other words, written by the same master-hand, which told of such things as these : " 'Now -now,' the door is heard; Hark, the stairs! and near - Nearer-and here - 'Now!' and at call the third. She enters without a word. Like the doors of a casket shrine, See on either side, Her two arms divide Till the heart betwixt makes sign, 'Take me, for I am thine.' First, I will pray. Do Thou That ownest the soul. Yet wilt grant control To another, nor disallow For a time, restrain me now!' " Did not they run thus? Oh, he should have known! This he could plead, and this only-that control had been granted to him. But how would Beatrice fare? Would she come to herself safely? He thought it was only a fainting-fit. But when she did recover, what would she do? Nothing rash, he prayed. And what could be the end of it all? Who might say? How fortunate that the sister had been so sound asleep. Somehow he did not trust Elizabeth-he feared her. Well might he fear her! Elizabeth's sleep was that of a weasel. She too was laughing at this very moment, laughing, not loud but long-the laugh of one who wins. She had seen him enter, his burden in his arms; had seen him come with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of his mistake. She had watched him put Beatrice on her bed, and heard him sigh and turn away ; nothing had escaped her. As soon as he was gone, she had risen and crept up to Beatrice, and finding that she was only in a faint had left her to recover, knowing her to be in no danger. Elizabeth was not a nervous person. Then she had listened till at length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sister's consciousness. After this there was a pause, till presently Beatrice's long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon to sleep. The slow night wore away, and at length the cold dawn crept through the window. Elizabeth still watching, for she was not willing to lose a single scene of a drama so entrancing in itself and so important to her interests, saw her sister sud- denly sit up in bed and press her bauds to her forehead as though she was striving to recall a dream. Then Beatrice covered her eyes with hands and groaned heavily. Next she looked at her watch, rose, drank a glass, of water, and dressed herself, even to the putting on of an old grey waterproof with a hood to it, for it was wet outside. " She is going to meet her lover," thought Elizabeth. "I wished I could be there to see that too, but I have seen enough." She yawned and appeared to wake. "What, Beatrice, going out already in this pouring rain?" she said, with feigned astonishment. "Yes, I have slept badly, and I want some air," answered Beatrice, starting and colouring ; "I suppose it was the storm." "Has there been a storm?" said Elizabeth, yawn- ing again. I heard nothing of it-but then so many things happen when one is asleep of which one knows nothing at the time," she added sleepily, like one speaking at random. "Mind that you are back to say good-bye to Mr. Bingham ; he goes by the early train, you know-but perhaps you will see him out walking," and appearing to wake up suddenly, she raised herself in bed and gave her sister one piercing look. Beatrice made no answer ; that look sent a thrill of fear through her. Oh ; what had hap- pened! Or was it all a dream? Had she dreamed that she stood face to face with Geoffrey in his room before a great darkness struck her and overwhelmed her? Or was it an awful truth, and if a truth, how came she here again? She went to the pantry, got a morsel of bread and ate it, for faintness still pursued her. Then feeling better, she left the house and set her face towards the beach. It was a dreary morning. The great wind had passed ; now it only blew in little gusts heavy with driving rain. The sea was sullen and gray and grand. It beat in thunder on the shore and flew over the sunken rocks in columns of leaden spray. The whole earth seemed one desolation, and all its grief was centred in this woman's broken heart. Geoffrey, too was up. How he had passed the remainder of that tragic night we need not in- quire-not too happily we may be sure. He heard the front door close behind Beatrice, and followed out into the rain. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 