" BROADBRIM" ON THE LIFE AND DEATH of DION BOUCICAUJjT. I Dion Boueicault is dead, struct down by ' a severe attack of acute pneumonia early in the week, and after a brief straggle he gave op the ghost on Thursday. His death vras not unexpected ; it has been evident to those who saw him during the past year that he was a very sick man, and he himself felt that the end was not far off... He will long be remembered as one o£ the most prolific and successful playrights of tbe age in which he lived •, * man who has farnished amusement for many millions of people in all parts of the globe,, sad having said that you bare said all that can truly be Bcid in Dion Boucicault's commendation, fie bad. the instincts of a literary pirate,, and he appropriated the crea tions of others' genius with'as little eompunc tion as a footpad filches a purse. The man. was morally unbalanced, naturally vicious and depraved, the slave of his appetites and his pas sions, without a single .redeeming feotuse in. his character. Perhaps he was not altogether responsible for Ibis, as bis moral defects were e terrible esse of heredity. His father before him, who besides being oce of the most distinguished scholars and scientists of his time, was also one of the most notorious letchers and debauchees in- Sngland - or Ireland. Dionysius Lardner Boueicault was tho natural son of Professor Dionysius Lardner who graduated with high honor at Trinity College, Dublin, in 1817. Ho con tinued his connection with Trinity Collego till 1828, aud having entered in holy orders acted for a time as chaplain of the college, but his life became so notorious in Dublin that he was compelled to drop the title of reverend, and was ever afterwards known as doctor or professor. While be was chaplain ■of the college he became acquainted with a Swiss woman named Borcecort, and took up his quarters with the family. It was during this time that Dion Boucic&ult; was- born in 1822\. Doctor Lardner continued *v member of the Borcecort household till 1828 when he went to London to accept a professorship in the London University. He was followed a few years after by his son, whom he placed at Dr. Hessey's school at Hempstead. He continued there till his father ran away from . England with tbe wife i of Captain Heavyside of the British' Army in 1840. Communication wes not as i easy fifty years ago bb it ia to-day. There were no five day and a half steamers, and no ocean cables, so that it was some weeks before the news of bis escapade reached New York. In the meantime be had introduced Mrs. Heavyside as his wife, and wss received by the late A. T. Stewart and Philip Hone, at that time one.of the society leaders of 5Tew York. When the news reached here there was a terrible explosion*, and. Doctor i&rda;®r was driven.-from tbe etly. He wandered about the countiy for five years, earniug a precarious living by lecturing and writing, and in 1&15 returned to Europe and settled in Paris, where he died is 1857. Captain Heavyside recovered damages nguiut him to the amount of forty, thftns-ind dollars, so be died an exile, never" ilarnu; to set foot in England again. ATeauwhile hi* son. deserled by his father, was dm pelted to leave Dr. Hessey's school and. wandered up to London. There for a time he suffered much- privation when he met 'John Brougham> one of the finest specimens of an Irish gentleman that this country has seen. He was a man of large heart aud generous impulses, and feeling the keenest sympathy for his un fortunate young countryman, introduced him to liia friends, and wrote the greatest part of the comedy of Louden Assurance, which Dion Boueicault afterwards claimed entirely as his own. Tbe play was an immense success, and the poor Bohemian became a recognized power in the theatre. In 1852 he was a stage manager of the theatre in Glasgow. Charles Kean and his wife Ellen Tree were playing an engage ment there, and with them waB their adopted daughter Agnes, who always accompanied Mrs. Kean to the theatre. She was tbe daughter of a dead friend, and the Ke&ua; adopted her. She w«e a lovely innocent girl with no guile in heart Dion Boueicauli-took advantage of the opportunities afforded him while, the-Keans were oh the stagej and one day the young girl was missing and Dion also. The blow ueariy killed Mrs. Kean. -Like his father before him, he fled to the United States, an$) in 1853 Agnes Robertson appeared at Kimball's Boston Museum, her busiuaw manager being Dion Boucicauit. She created an immense sensation, and the museum was ' packed for weeks:. The papers wrote' whole columns about her, she was a standing, -toast at the clubB,.and all the young, bucka went wild over her, for at that time she was sup posed to be a young girl. .At'the end of her engagement, however, Dioo Boueicault ap peared before the curtain and ret urned thanks on Mjm. Boucicauit s behalf. She n&named; ! his true and-lojal wife for thirty yfiars. She was the mother of the children that bear his Atir-jJgu cuUte, jlaUdtC Mid privation, she bid tier sorrows and her tears and clung to fiim for the sake of her children. They grew to honorable manhood and womanhood, chiidftn ofw&om; say father might hare been proud » but this mm at the ago of nearly seventy branded &M; wife as a harlot, and stamped ignominy and shame on the brows of hia.pwn children. There is no crime baser or tnore dastardly ' thav this recorded in itiatory. He wait followed to his grave by- doctors, - lawyers, litteratenrsj and acton, most of whom neither knew nor cared about his history. Orations aiay be pro* nouueed Blled with gilded lies, addliterary Bohemians may cover with the mantle of silence his shameful word, but the infamous erime against Ins wife and bis children will never be-condoned or forgiven tilt the Jodg« xneot Day. ■ - - 