BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. ANNIVERSARY SERIVICES. Anniversary services were conducted in the llible Christian Church, Ilorsharu, o Sunday, the pastor,' Rev. \V. Clemeus, oill ciating in the forenoon lad Rev. 8. I'. Web ber, ex- president of, the Counference, in the afternoon and evening. Mr. Clemens tsk as his text the words of the third and fourth verses of tie 8th Psalmn, " Wlhel I con. sider thy heavens, the work of thy lingers, the mooe andl the stars, whichl thou ie t ordained, what is man that thou art mindfiul of him and the son of man that thou vititat hirm?" and said that tflheywreamongthemerst sulllime of David's utterances. The start were loved byall who had eyesto see, under. standing to comprehend, and souls to ful their grandeur; se uesperkarle their silerce, so profound their melody, so iegular their motion, so majestic and surelime. l'lhes, said the psalmist, were the work o f (:lod lhand and welse sutomnded by eagels and tho glorilioed pirite of men redeemednimlfro earthI. MIan was madle a little Ilwer than the angels tand was crowned with glory and honor. What was man ? \\\'rhenc-did he colme ? W\as he a lcieg formed, by a casual colllilng together of a[nnlo s; was hle a Ieing broughteinto existence by tie elemcents. No: nmatr wsas tile wrorkman :tsip of srd. He ' was endowed witll powers lumd faculties which made hint a study of thie most ninteresting kind, anse nmight well induce the qutestin of their text "What is iein that Thou art uisnilful of him ?" They were never to lose sight of the fact that imanr was a spiritual bein,., and thad iimagination,, reflection, per ception, reason, llmemory, and judgment, which distinguished lhim at s a spiritual being. If tman only used these powers rightly asd obeyed the Divine law he woulr secure a crowned victory. Ile was a mortal beiu., and might be cuoatoiltt anlly tllOmlet; thel was no house tlit what had its vaa:mr seat to shoiv of some dep:arted friend. Now they should strive to lead a life of tree devotedt ness alrl service, pursuing with greater earnewstuess the path set. before them alnd looking for pardon and atonement of their sins. The Rev. S. P. Webber took hiseaftermoon text from Rom;uns viii, 3S and :19, " For I am persuaded thatneither death, nor life,nor arlge!s, nor principalities, Inor powers, rno things present, nor things to come, esr height, nor depth, nor atny other creature, shall be able to separate us fronm the love of God. which iss n Christ .esus our seel l." The rev. gentleman explained each part of his text with great earnelstrless, giving the apostle Ptaul's reasons for making such a strong' statement. God's lore r uts r:ele manifest to man while lie was a lawless, rebellious andt unworthy man -man who riy repeated transgressions had forfeited every tie to the l)ivine favor and love. W\\\hata solemnity it was when rmean felt himself glid ing away trom things seen to things useer t. Every nmon was tested in death ;whateVer they were in life death sewas the testing pinit; but the Clhristian rose above all thesse foIrce that liad borne the warrior and the states man beneath its toils artd trirumphel over death mrorethan conqueror through Himer that loved them. In the evening tihe Rev. S. P'. Webler dwelt on these words, " Seek ye first the kingdom of'God and His righteousnessand all these things shall ie added unelto you,e ?Mattherwvi, 33; also Romans xiv, 17, "r Fo the kingdom of God is not mlleat and drink, lut righteousness, and peace, lnd joy in the Holy Chost. In Paul's tday there wusa ea deney to seek the things of this life first wlhirt they should eat and drink and wear to osecure place, position, .iank, fame, all that .appertained to this life, all that cotuld plebs reld gratify their life, their oerer tleing. [Then the kingdom of (al, thsat which': appertained to e soul, tihe . material part , of man's natare, tihe deathless part, that part called forth the expression of Divine love in the gift of stcri fire of the Lord Jesus Christ. \ihat relatdl to the soul's salvation, to the soul's happi Hess, to the soul's. nobleness, to the soult preparation for the: life beyond,l was the list thing thoughlt of, anld our Saviour cane just to revolutimoize things. The Sarviour wses wanted to-day, wanrted in Hor sham, wanted all over tie world, along with the styleof prea-ching which was ornversant seithepublit life. "Seek ye'first the kingdm of Codo! should be their first consideration, it should hatve the greatest attention; they shouldi allo?v nrothile, however important rintervene between theem atsn the kingolir of GCod. In the second part of his text., ?r 'Webber said that the Saviour did not full, lefinle 'lutit kiiglgdlsii, It wtes not meat an idrink, it did not consist in temporal thling, :but it was righteousiiss, pucace, and jo)y tr ;the loly Ghost. 'great i.melherof rcople thought that ry being sheltere e mi' icnvcred by tile nate of lemlotnintion lhe iwrere ir tile kingduo iof Gond. Let tetr[ eel, itheat k he kkingdom erreth not bIry , sereltion ; it clid net 'consist in the extersi eof religion. Deiotmintionalist mlight hee its uses in 'tlile' ficy, inut it eas on1)y na lCe. It migl!ht have i, sountd tllology., estiintableo" forins `of clitrct goevcrnmest, lew tiicthereifibyliesysttefits in the nofspirit l edulcatitolofi iot'al trailing serving a ht purpose in the world, they eeot riSt trust ielenotinationsliset anid to that alone, Irtt seek-the-kingdonrof' Godil and trust to its umarvellous powers. T'Ai ,ginenti?rhtir; let i b Miss Gr. ao i who presided at the organ, g sevr anthems very seetly. Or ,,.'plrstlay r tire annieersary servte Il le to ti e wuliclsa te meeting, i eliii the Mechanies' Hall. 