CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF VICTORIA. THE HALF-YEARLY MEETING. — SECOND DAY. Tlio half-yearly meeting of tho council of tho Congregational Union of Victoria was continued yesterday in the Congregational Church, Forest street. frhs president of the executive committee, the Rev. G. 6. Howden, presided. APOLOGIES. An apology for his unavoidable absence, owing to an attack oa influenza, was recti ved from Mr. K. O'Donnell. The Rev. G. White a'so wrote, expressing his inability to be present, and forwardintr a message of Christian greeting, Tho president remarked that the rev. gentleman was a dear old member of the Congregational ministry, who had suffered a sore affliction by the loss of two of his daughters in the p.s. Quetta. j' THE HEV. S. Z. GREEN. The president said that, as requested by the J council, he had that morning called on their dear | brother, the Rev. Mr. Green. He had conveyed to the afflicted gentleman the 'varru sympathy of the delegates present, and Mr. G'eeu appeared to thoroughly appreciate the kind sentiments con tained in 3 letter, which had been seni him by the members of the union. THE VICTORIAN INDEPENDENT Mr. Watmuff, the hon. secretary, read the half yearly report of the committee, which spoke of the circulation and the enlargement of the journal to twenty eight pages. The editor asked for literary assistance from the brethren. The finan- cial position of the paper was reported to be thoroughly sound. The lev. W. H. Lawrence referred in the highest terms of commendation to the services rendered by the Rev. F. Browne, who with the manager had brought the paper up to such state of excellence that it was now a publication of which the denomination might well feel proud. The Rev.. W. Allen remarked that he had worked alongside of Mr, Browne in connection with the paper, and he had some idea of ;he hard worlcthat had to be.done. The New South Wales Union paid their editor, who devoted the whole of Instiir.e to the interest of the paper. If they paid Mr. Browne 011 the same line.i they would have to hand him over a handsome sum. After some discussion in reference to the publi cation of the report of the address delivered by the president on Tuesday evening, The Kev. Joseph King referred to the question of analftausating the two papers published by the denomination in Victoria and New South Wales. The fiuestion had previously been before the council and shelved, but that was no reason vhy they should not bring the matter up again. The Sydney paople had expiesjed their readiness to consider the proposal. The Chairman was of opinion that such an important matter should be allowed to stand over until the October meetincr. After soir.e further discission a suggestion by Dr. Bevau was ag:eed to, viz.—''That the Rev. Dr. D. Day, of Sydney, and tlie Rev. F. H Browne should confer together in reference to the matter, and submi t a report to the October meet ing." Mr. Browne said that he would be m Sydney in about a fortnight's time, when he would be pleased tointerview Dr. Day in reference to the matter.' COtNTRY CHURCHES. The Rev. .T. Potter introduced the subjeco of the spiritual needs of the country districts and read a paper thereon. It contained recommenda tions to the effect that central churches should be established from whim the surrounding districts might be operated upon in evangeMEtic labors; that a system of colportage be introduced for the circulation of re igions literature, and that an fcfforti be made to have a parsonage beside each Country church. He discouraged the sale of any property belonging to the denomination in the country di trie'.s. The paper cuniained other sug gestions for the better administration of til' aff-iiis uf the Congregational bidy. and esp. cially pleaded for tlio interests of the country n.iniiter?. The rev. gcntleiran concluded by handing in a res.): lution covering the principal matters contained in his paper. The Rev. W. Lawrence suggested that the resolution should be given in the shape of a notice of motion. Dr. Uevan commended the Rev. Mr. Potter for the sensible nuggestioii:: contained in the report, and moved that a hearty vote of tlunks be ac corded that gentleman. The Rev. Mr. Day seconded the motion, which wa3 carried. THE CAUSE OF HUMANITY. Mr. Begg, of Kynetun, drew attention to the pitiable state of the Russian political prisoners in Siberia, and moved tli.it a sub committee, con sisting of the Revs. Dr. Br van, W. Alien, >). Halley and the piesident be appointed a sub-com mittee to dr.nv up a protest against the inhuman acts perpetra'.ed by tlio Czar's officials on the poor prisoners. The motion was seconded by l)r Bevan and carried. MINISTERS* PROVIDENT SOCIETY. The Rev. F. H. Browne moved that a hearty vote of thanks be accorded to Mr. G. T. Johnson, r.f Melbourne, for his exertions for the welfare of Congregational ministers, especially the "gel and intinn, by endeavoring to raise the capital funds of the Minister!1 Provident Society, and to coneratn late him on the success which had attended his efforts. The Rev. J. H. Mitchell seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. NOTICE OF MOTION*. Dr. Bevan gave notice of motion for bringing up the question of the right of Church of England bishops in Eneland to petition the Queen to try and get her to withhold her sarJC ion to a measure which. 1) d been passed by both Houses of the Legislature in Victoria. VOTE OF THANKS. On the motion of the Rev. VV. H. La-.vrenc?, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the Rev. R. Keith Mackay, the deacon*, and men bers of the congregation generally, for the kind attention given to the delegates whiie in Sandhurst. The council then adjourned. 