CRUMBS. Got at "Wintry. £S a day. Bnbbiah, Mystery. Beaigned. Bed tape. Lead, £13. More trade. . Population, Drink again. Immigration. Tender grass. Cheap olgara. Huge aooiing. Oroya arrived, Upa and downs. Another life lost. Bealdent Knight. That Crystal gold. Sawyer committed. Jamaica Exhibition, Magistrate Foelsche. Aristocratic Mildnra. Commission sweaters. Dacca lost in Bed Sea. Squatters backed down, The kangaroos In bad form. Bow muoh seed to the acre ? Onr Inheritance in the Hills. "Who ogled the Ogilvie gold ? The Bonlanger babble pricked. SiokneBBtin nearly every boose. Darling floods are dear luxuries. More agricultural experiments. War la not declared at Brisbane. Terrible reanlt of religions mania. Severe acoident to Sir Henry Parkes. The Chief Justice on nndae influence. Sympathy with the veteran statesman. Australian lady graduates going ahead. Sir Henry ParkeB appears in a new idle. Palmerston cannot do without its Pater. Did Dr. O'ConneU sleep well last night ? ' Will of the wiap dodging after dividends. Banknote enatohera over from Melbourne.. Adelaide is regarded aa a good oiroostown. The Bound Hill Manager believes in depth. A deollne in trade is oaused by emigration. Mr, Dow has retired from the Lands Offioe. Who is the ablest man In Sooth Australia? The people exist for a demooratio Ministry. The voluntary system of immigration ia best. Profeuor Drummond has no dealings with cant. There's a ornmb of oomloit in iiiooK 14 nine. Speoial steamer to be laid on for Australian fruit. When a report is good the market goes down. Provision' against fire in the Proprietary Mine. A'decline expeoted in British briskness of trade. Melbonrne has an appetite for Hungary trade. Sir Henry Parkes ordered to bed for several weeks. May Mr. Spawn's aoheme prove fruitful at Penola. Is France supplying a million rifles to Buss'a ? We have a Jammakers' Exhibition aliraya •with ns. Baptists raised all their Jubilee money. Hurrab. Australian Mutual Provident Sooiety to the fore. A tax on the fortune- for State pets lawyers. Government is not to be represented at J amnios. The slashing leader lost his oase, but won his oosts. H. M. Stanley now finding time for ten er emotions. Commissioner Bnssell will stand nonsense. An exodns of people from Melbourne to Adelaide. Allpress has found police pressure all powerful.) Great railway strike in New Zealand Imminent. The polioe were determined to get Sawyer somehow. Too much gunpowder, and no glory in Savanna. A most satisfactory doosment, Mr. •Cameron, The Napoleon of the Oafds retires into private lite. A premium to defy the law as to payment of aohool fees. The people's William has had to baok down on the Chinese. Sir Henry Parkea haa fractured two bones in his right leg. The sqoattera say the shearers had better not strike bnt out. That oab horse well nigh affeoted the des tinies of Australia. The great metallurgist of Broken Hill does the thing Sehlapp. It is hoped that Zaoharlah will be a gojd prophet to Blook 14. " We are a democratic nd liberal Govern ment." Not original. Shares that ran into six ponnds oannot be regarded as sick stock. The last of Old England's wooden walls that will be teen here. it is a long kAne inns aas no turning lor Block 14 shareholders. There'* a charm to every Irishman in the tweet name of Murphy. The Insolvency Court ehoald have stigma for honest losses. Norwood residents would like to hear that olook go tiok, tiok, tiok. The lawyers and dootors will have a good wbaok ont of the estate. Will Mrs. Stanley acoompany her husband nto the Dark Continent. Five weeks to get a Government reply I which is no reply at all. The British shareholders oannot olalm a monopoly of the " creep." Silver rising. Quite so; it won't keep down in theCrumbman's pookeb We want not the coloured light of partlzan ship on this dark question. The African buccaneer to enter into the sweet bonds of matrimony. lady Klntorejia going to take the heir to Eton at the end of the year. Penola is one of the grandest plaoes in Australia for fruit-growing. The Victorian legtstatora got too mnch of the watering pot at Mildura. Pare aooiaente that make men unalterable debtors forniah no disgraces. We shall never want in frequent sensations while Broken Hill flourishes. Dr. Jefieris is not so (independent that he would not annex the Baptists, Irish Queen beat ham Weller. Is this a new phase oi women's rights! Mudnra appears to be fixing the date of the distinguished visit by a strike. The Chinese are not quite paragons oi virtue when they get together. Take the boned Egeria prisoners to the Lend of the Free. What irony. They can allow Boulanger to return now. ] All tbd' starch taken out of bim. The mystery of death is not bo appalling a t .at ui in to the puor and sick. How would the Baptists like to be Im mersed into Congregationalism ? What will " Australia" do without Sir Henry.Parkek for several weeke ? There's a monotonous declaration ol divi dends by our transport Companies. What oan be done to lighten the burden o : those who see no relief but in death? Agricultural Bureau Is In a deoided fer ment over the fermentation apostle. ! A person of property oan always ensure notoriety by maktngan eooenttio wilL Blot beat Rink. The faot is yon oan't get a wrinkle to beat Riot for fast running. Plenty of legal talent to settle the Com mercial Bank call, but it wanted golden. It is time that the reoovery of sohool fees was handed over to the Eduoation Office. Half crown an hour day: and night for propagating orude notions to our farmers. Truth Is established by Investigation and delayj falsehood prospers by preolpitanoy. Does it require pluok to leave the long robe J Those who stiok to it need to'pluok. The *wealth of Adelaide may next to a Bank be said to be symboled at Bankaide. When every other expedient fails, Mr. Symon is brought in to dootor the oharge. Blook 14 did not make enough profit to pay the (dlvidende deolared during last half-year. Two-thirda of the British shares are held in the colonies without a voice in the manage ment. The colony of blookers to be shortly estab lished at Belatr will help to feed the Hills trains. The man who is perpetually heeitating ae to whioh of two things he will do aeldom aoeB either. Mr, Todd might provide a telephone to Port Darwin for the.conduot of the Circuit Court. Gnnpowder explosion In Havana. Twenty two killed, 100 injured. Cuba prefers tobacco smoke. Creditors are to get their pound of flesh, and shareholders to pay two pounds for the purpose. Carbine beat Bristol. Those who did not "baok the big gnn will einn a tana not in the Bristol. . ; A'firm determination to aot right will steer even Inexperience safely over dangerons passages. Is It a satisfactory test of a man's conva lescence that he is able to attend a mining meeting? It . mast not be supposed that we have heard, any thing like the last of the Commer oial'Bank. -The Only time that the gennine MasonB strike work is when they adjourn from labour to refreshment. Railway men are getting full up of pro teotion designed only to fill the pockets of a few manufacturers. " This is the Government Farm, Belair." " But I can't see any wheat ?" " No, it only grows weeds." An increase) in England's net emigration is one of the worst auguries of the decline of trade and prosperity. Nothing in Mr. Stock's oonduot inconsis tent with perfect loyalty to his client even at the risk of her displeasure. That Queensland Separatist — Finch Hatton—has interviewed Lord Knuteford. Yes, and he'll be Hatton again. Never is it more necessary to say than to the vibrating oonanmptive—Live by reason and prinoiple and not by feeling. Mentor beat Oliver Cromwell. Nearly every Mentor beat Oliver till Carlyle gave the critics a Roland for his Oliver. Will Fort Adelaide be leased to lose their doughty champion tor the Barrier trade under a silencing Speaker's gown? The Glasgow Herald says ProfeBior Drum mond's next work will be a book dealing with Christianity in the light of Evolution. Like the sensatibnal novel given in sections, the disputed wiU case having arrived, at an interesting stage is to be con tinued. Dr. Cookbnrn is mixing his drinks again. Not content with drowning his faott in imagination, he swallows his demooraoy in antooraoy. This* year the University of Helsingfors will celebrate Its 250th anriversary. It was founded at Abo, hot transferred to Helsing fors in 1820. If we had Hare'e system of voting, Mr. listen would have to perambulate the ooun try to instruot voters in the art of exeroiiing the franchise. The rainfall onJBeo Nevis during January amounted to 29 '42 inohes, being lb *10 inches above the mean of the month since the Ob servatory was opened in 1883. A beautiful photograph has been taken of Dr. Cookbnrn before he read the Register. No one has ventured to try immediately after he has taken in its political artiole. Spurgeoh's latest joke—Small boy on the suhjeotof the squalling infant:—"Ma, did oar baby eome from Heaven?" "Yes; why ?" "The angels must have been glad to get rid of it," V The mighty foroe of talent and the grand aoeesaoriea of this Mammoth World of Plea son Incitement, sweep away with oyelonio force dnll .osre and annihilate oritioiim"— that's the Circus, After experimenting tor some 'time with {he Pintach system of lighting!.railway oar riagea with gas, the Dlreotora of the North Eastern Railway have decided to adopt and apply it tbronghont their system. An old Irian prophecy deolaree that whan anO'Doherty rnlea in Deny and anO'Don sell i&Bapnoe;, Ireland wul be free. i)r. O'Doherty haa joat been oonaeorated Biahop of Deny, and the preacher at theoonBecra tion was Dr. O Donnell, the Biahop of Baphoe. • The following cztraot from an Amertoan paper gives Vioforla the glory that Sir Henry Parhee wanted to claim for New South Walee a year or two ago"Lord Hopeto wn. the new Governor of Australia, le deaoribea as a email delloute-looking man, bntnotin the Ill-health that hie appearanoe might imply," The native Eskimo, when engaged in trana porting his family from plaae to pieoe, elwaye enanree a smooth peaaage for the oomiai, or women's boat, by trailing a punotnred ektn filled with oil from the •tern of hie tayai, Which he propels at some considerable distance ahead of the boat con taining hie wife and children. Mr. Ediaon, on being interviewed by the New York authorities in regard to the possi bility of iailnrea In eleotnoal executions, gave it as hie opinion that they are both sure and painless when properly performed. It appears that Franoe is likely to follow the example of Amerioa in the matter of inflict ing capital punishment, for a proposal ia now advanced to abolish the gnillotine and substi tute death by electricity. A printer's error (aeyB the Reading Iter «try of March 22) ia amusing the Queens landers. Their leading newapaoer, reviewing a work and prognosticating the wonders of ecienoe, remarked—"There need be demand do longer for Jnles Verne's and other blaok guards' works of imagination." The correc tion appeared In the issue of the following week as follows:—"For 'other blackguards' please read " KiderHaggardV " Everyone desires that his labour should command respect, but few understand the way to bring it about. It will never be done by leaving one employment for another; the same oharaoter will shine through both. Instead of this, let'e&ch; one put the very best and highest qualities he oan command into the work he has on hand; 1st him throw his whole soul into ltt beoomingrone with it, hoping, labouring, and; if need be, sacrificing for ft, so that he makes it grow In excellence. Teach a man to pursue some honourable employment, and a thousand temptations depart; give him pure and wholesome re creations, and pernfoious ones will lose their flavour; Infuse into his heart the love of home, of family, of friends, and he will no longer love the vioes whioh separate him from them; give him positive and earnest oonviotions, and false ideas and illusions will drep away. In_a word, let blm "learn to do Wall " Bdfl lin nrill tnithnnh Vtaesneslnn H abb ■■ well," ana he will without persuasion " cease to do evil," In theciourae of his address as President of the Entomologioal Sooiety of London, Lord to alsingham, F. R.S., claimed that entomology was the ohief attraction in the increasing number (of Naturalists' Sooieties and Field ClubB; and that the study has not only useful, but very popular, providing a civili sing and refining recreation for many dwellers in towns. Referring to the vast sabpe of this field of study, he aooepted Dr. Sharp's estimate of 2,000,000 existing species ' of inseots, of whioh about 200,000 are de scribed. : In the tenth oentnry there was a prevalent, nay almost universal, idea that the end of the world was approaohing. Many charters .began with these words:—"As the world is now drawing to a dose." An army marohing under the Emperor Otho L was ao terrified byaneolipse of the eun, whioh it oonoeived to announce this consummation, as to dis perse hastily on air sides. As this notion seems to have been founded on some con fused theory of the Millennium, it died away when the seasons proceeded to the eleventh oentnry with their usual regularity. Needlea in early times were made of fish bone, bone, or ivory, and their first form was probably- that of a rode eyeless bodkin. Since the time of the discovery of bronze, however, metal needlea have been in nee in civilized communities. It is on xeoord that needles of steel were made at Nuremberg towards the end of the fourteenth century. For upwards of two hundred years the manu facture baa been established in England; Kedditob, in Worcestershire, with several other small towns in Warwickshire, being the oentre of the industry, first planted there by Germans, Mr. ;R. Hitohooek says that the use of Japanese lacquer deserves more general attention. It gives a surface to wood much harder than the best copal varnish,' without brittlenesi. It takes a polish not to be ex celled, whioh lasts for oenturies, as we may see in the old treasures of Japan. It is proof against boiling water, alcohol, and, indeed, it seems to be insoluble in every agent known. It is the best possible application for labora tory tables, I have a set of photographers' developing trays that have been in use for more than a year, and I find them exoeilent and oheap. In Japan it is used for many household purposes. From anthropological measurements made on Cambridge students by Mr. J. Venn, after the method of Mrs. Franois Galton, it appeara that the heads of University students con tinue to grow after the age of nineteen. Mr. Galton states that those who have obtained high honours have had on the average con siderably larger brains than the others at the ! age of nineteen, and that they have also larger brains than the others at the age of twenty-five; but not to the same degree. In faot, their predominance at nineteen was greater than at twenty- five; a faot which implies preoooity as anelement in the suooess of " high honour" men, as well as superior gifts. The following singnlsr ealonlation of the number o atitohes in a plain Bhirt has been made by a Leicester seamstressStitohej in eollar, four rows, 3,000; cross ends of the same, 600; buttonhole and sewing on buttin, 160; gathering neck and sewing on collar, 1,204 j'Btitohing the wristbands, 1,228; ende of wristbands, 63; buttonholes in wriatbaads, 143; hemming slits, 264; gathering sleeves, 640; setting ion wristbands, 1,468; atitohing on shonlderstraps, 1,880; hemming the bosoms, 393; sewing in toleeves and making gussets, 3 050; sewing up side (seams of sleeves, ■ 2,654;' cording bosom, 1,101; *'tapping" the sleeves, 1,526;' sewing ail other seams and setting bide gussets, 1,272; total number of stitobes, 20,619, MemoribUia.—May 8, 1429, was a proud day for Joan d'Aro. - It is memorable as the date on whioh the siege of Orleans was abandoned. That French 'historian writes: —"At dawn the English army was dis-' oovered at a small distance from the walls, drawn hp in battle array, and braving the enemy to fight in the- open field. After waiting for some hours the signal was given; the Ions line of forts, the fruit of seven month'eiahour, was instantly in flames; and the soldiers with mingled feelings of shame and regret turned their baoks npon onr troops." Joan of Arc was olad. in armoar csp-a-pie, hut ft is presumed her armour was made of Orleans. Memorabilia.—N ota , bene. On May 10, 1674, Queen Elizabeth leaned her royal licence for-the performance Of-stage plays "to all Justices, Mayors; Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Head Constables, Uuder-Constables, and all1 other Officers and .Ministers, greeting. Know ye that we of onr special graoe, certain know-: ledge, and mere motion have licensed and authorized, and by these presents do antho-1 rize onr loving subjects (hers follow the names of the players) to use, exercise, and ocoupy the art and f aoulty'ofplajtag oomedies, tragedies, Interludes, stage plays," &o.;, &o.;, for the reoreation of onr loving snbjeots, ana for onr sotsce and pteasure when we shall think good to see''them, as also to use and oocnpy all snoh instruments as they have already praoticed. or thereinafter shall prao tice, for and daring onr pleasure: and the said comedies, tragedies, Interludes, and said stage plays, together with their mnsiok, to show, po blish, exeroise, and ooonpy to their best oommodity." . , . " Provided that the said oomedies, tragedies, interludes, and stage plays be, by the Master of onr Kevela fpr the time being, before seen and allowed; and the same be not published or shown in the time of ooinmon prayer." Obituaries.—Henry IV. of France was assassinated in his oarriage by a fanatio named Francois Ravillae, May 14,1610. It was during his reign that the memorable matBaore of St. Bartholomew occurred, but his own life was spared on condition of bis becoming a Catholic, This 1b how Henanlt, the French historian, summarizes his character"He united to extreme franh nese the most dexterous polioy ; to the most elevated sentiments a charming simplicity of manners ; to a soldier's oonrage an inexhaus tible fund of humanity. Ravillao, the regicide, was executed with great barbarity hv being actnally torn to pieoes by horses, 0 U mjiora ! 0 mores ! Memorabilia.—Ascension Day—Among the^ regulations published by Henry III., in the. year of grace 1252, oar Antiquarian Cranio-' man has unearthed the following: —" We hereby ofonr sovereign will and pleasure order and direct that watoh be kept from' sunset to sanrise daring the nights Between the Feaets Of Aeoension and that of ■ St, Mlohael. In the villages by1 four or six stont and good men, armed with bows 'and arrows and other light weapons—in the boroughs by a company of twelve, and In the eities bj» companies of six stationed at eveiy. (leocu) gate."—It was on May 15,1097, that thoBB grim warriors, the Frenoh Crusaders, tene of thousands strong, besieged the Town of Nice, at that time the Turkish capital of Soliman, Sultan of Borne, It fell at the end of five weeks, "and the fall thereof wee great."— The marrlege of Lord Bothwell and Mary Queen of Soots was celebrated May 15,1567. They were then Both-well, Obituaries,—Valentinlan IL, being Em peror oi Borne, woe of oonrse assassinated, The deed was done by strangulation at Vienne, May 15,392.—The very first man in the world that computed, or ever thought of oompoting, an Enoyolopoedia was Bpbriam Chambers, who died May 15; just 150 years ago. His work was published in twohnge tomes in 1723. It was afterwords revised and enlarged by Mr. Soot, Dr. Dill, and Dr. Bees.—Luigi Kicoobonl, dlei May 15, 1753, eged seventy-nine. He was born at Modena, took to the stage. performed for several years at the Italian Theatre in Paris, wrote several comedies, renounced the stage from' religious sornples at the age of fifty five, and thenceforward devoted himself to literary pursuits—Poor Dr. Calloott, whose exquisite glees, madrigals, &e;„ have oharnted the ears of musicians for abont a century, died May 15, 1821, aged fifty-five. Though not like Collins. Severely doomed to penury's extreme (yet) Be passed In maddening pain lues feverish dream. For the last fifteen years of his life he wm Insane. Obituaries. — Panl Rapin, the French historian, died May, 16, 1725. His History of England was pnbliehed at the Hague in 1711, in ten quarto volumes, and was sub sequently translated into English by NiohcUs Tindal. It was bronght down to the death of William III., and was for a long time in great repnte, being the only complete history of England then extant,—Wi^n Captain Cook in 1768 started on his voyage round the world he was; aooompanied by Or. Solander, an eminent Swedish botanist, a pupil oi Linn mas. Well, this said Or. Solander died May 16,1782, aged forty-six,— Sir William Congreve, the inventor of the rocket tbat bears his name, and which played old smoke among the French troops at Waterloo, died May 16,1828, aged fifty-six. Memorabilia. — Among the memorable events reoorded in the pages of Universal History aB having occurred on May 16 our indefatigable Crumbman has selected the followingSir IhomaB More resigned the Great Seal Into the hands of his royal master, Henry VIH., 1532, who fonr days afterwards e trusted it to the keeping of Sir Thomas Audley. King Harry swore that More should keep it no more. !—Dancers of the feminine _ persuasion were introduced for the first time on the Parisian stage in an opera e ntitled " Lb Triomphe de l'Amonr," 1681.—Titua Oates, one of the greatest sooondrele that ever dis graced the name of man, was oonvicted of perjury and many other orimes, 1685, and was sentenced to stand In the pillory five times a year daring his mortal life, and to be whipped from Aldgate to Newgate, smd thence to Tybnrn.—'The Danphin of France, afterwards Lonis XIV., was united in " the holy bondB" to Maria Antoinette, Aroh duchess of Vienna, 1770, little dreaming of the misfortunes that awaited them, thongh the superstitions prognostioatora of the day informed the orednlouB world that a storm that occurred during the wedding was a presage of coming disasters. Memorabilia.—The seventeenth of Pivau was observed by the Jews in days of yore as a festival in commemoration of the taking of Csesarea by the Aimoneans.—Riohard, Karl of Cornwall, brother of Henry III., was crowned King of the Rom sue at Aix-la-Cbapelle, May 17 (Ascen sion Day), 1257. — A new weBtbercook oroBS and ball were set up on the eteeple of Old St. Paul's, and solemnly ooneecrated by the Dignitaries of the Church, May 17, 1428; but they (the weathercock, &c.;,) were noae the worse for that.—It Is exactly 400 years ago this May 17 that Anne of Den nark was orowned Qoeen of Scotland In the Abbey of Holyrood flonse. Don't yon remember it, Sandy ? It oreated a pretty oonaiderable atir at the time. Obitnaries.—We suppose, gentle reader, if you are a reader, that you are acquainted with Pope'a greatly admired poem, in whloh he rehearees the inextin guishable love of Heloise for that oele brated orator, logiolan, poet, philo sopher, theologian, and mathematician, yclept Abelard. Well, the lady, who was 22 years ycuoger than Abelaid, and survived him twenty-one years, breathed her-last May 17,1178, in the oratory Abelard himself had ereoted in thediooeseof Troyes, and named tbe Paraolete. Pease to her ashes; they rest with those of Abelard in the cemetery of Pore la Chaise, Memorabilia.—It was on May 19,- 1494, that Columbus sighted a headland of the Island of Cuba, which he named Cabo de Crux, The archipelago called by him the Qneen'a Garden waa in hie belief the 5.000 ielaada whloh Marco Polo and Mandevllle deeoribed aa the bonndary of India. He now learned from the nattvea that Cuba waa an ieland; . bat after ooaating it for 335 leagues hta stock of proviaiona began to fail, and he bad to abandon his design. Nota bene—C. C. would have had to travel 2,000 miiea UO from C 2 C, 2 C from hlmaelf that U—waa really an ialand, its length being 750 miles.—The Prinoeaa Charlotte of- Mecklenburg-Strelitz was born May 19,1744, aged nothing, little dressing that at the age of something ahe would be crowned Queen of Great Britain. Obitnariea.—Otto IV., Emperor of Ger many, died May 19, 1218. Th is tbe monaroh who waa aurnamad "The Superb the Prinoe who waa the son of Matilda, the Bister of Biohard Cceur de Lion, the eon of Henry IL of England; the son of the Empress Matilda by her aeoond mar riage with Geoffrey Plantaganet, the •accessor of 8tephen to the throne of England. He—not Stephen, nor Geoffrey PlantBgenet, nor Henry II., nor Biohard Cffinr de Lion, bat Otto waa exoommunioated by the Pope for seizing the lands whloh the Connteaa Matilda had bequeathed to tbe Holy Sea. He could not wholly aeo that this waa just.—Osman IL. Sultan of tbe Turks, was strangled^ May 19, 1622, when only 18 years old. This event waa brought about bv the Janissaries whom Osman had sorely vexed, and much perplexed. \- Memorabilia.—That cnrioua old chrono logical chronicler writes thnsly:—On May. the twentieth day thereof, in the yea; of graee 1618, King James, upon hie return from Scotland, published fail royal will and pleasure, 'that after the end of divine servioia je people shall not be letted from any lawful reoreatlon on Sundays, snoh as danoing, either of men or women, vaulting, or any other snoh lawful reoreatlon, nor from having May-games, Whltion-ales, and Morrli-danoes, and ye setting np of May poles and other sports therewith used; and, moreover, ye women shell have leave to carrie rnsbes to ye Chnroh for ye deeorayting thereof,' according to their old onstom.' This permission, however, was not to extend to reoueante, nor even to oonfo mists who had not on the same day attended divine servioe," Obituaries. — If the inhabitant! of the anofent Spanish oity of Valfadolioh do not ebed an honest tear of eelf-reproaoh to-day they ought to do eo, for It wae on May 20, 1606, that the illnetrioni Columbnt, " worn ont in body and broken in spirit," was allowed to die there in poverty,, negleot, and unalleviated wretohednees. y, bless my heart, Jf the dear baa r old navigator bad been an Englishman be would have been made a Peer of the Realm. —Gentle reader, yon are, of course, well aoqnalnted with the Psalter done into Eng lish verse by Cake and Brandy—I beg pardon —Tate and Brady. Well, that same Nloholaa Brady, Reatdr of Riobmond and Clapham, in Surrey, "whoBe fame la in all the chnrohes," resigned his mortal breath at the age of 67, May 20,1726. Memorabilia.—John Cantaonzenns, a By zantine historian and a D.F., was Inaugu rated Emperor of Constantinople, May 21, 1846\. Bnt, yon know, "uneasy rests the bead that wsars a crown," At the end of nine years civil dissensions, the jealousy Of Patoeologns, and even the rebellion of hie own eon fndnoed him to abdioate and retire to a monas tery. It ia said that as he entered its portal Cantaonzdnns exolaimed, " They can't accuse een us of ruling unjustly,—The gloriously disastrous Battle of Wurtsohen, in Saxony, was fonght, May 21-2,1818, when Napoleon defeated the oomblned foroes of P-rusBia without the P. That quaint his toriographer writes—"The Prussians were driven from their position, and Napoleon advanoed in a foam to Breslau, leaving 15,000 Frenohmen in the searching claws of their executors, the orows." N.B.—Didn't N. B. himself orow, you betf Obituaries.—Louis V, of Ftanoe, sumamed Faineant (lazybones) died of poison in the first year of his reign and the twenty-first of his age. His loving and affectionate Queen was suspeoted of having done the deed by whioh the poor wretoh was "of life, of crown, of Queen at onoe bereft;" hut no ghost visited the hamlet where he was " ont off, e'en in the blossoms of bis sins," to blab it out. Robert Hurley, Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, died May 21, 1721\. That biographer says "he was a distinguished statesman during the reign of Queen Anne, whose weak mind was alter nately swayed by him and the oelebrated Duchess of Marlborongb," bnt adds "He was a weak man with little business ability." Yet this " weak man" entered Parliament, became Speaker of the House of Commons, was made Seoretary of State, Chanoellor of the Kxohequer. was raised to the peerage, made Knight of the Garter, and appointed Lord High Treaaurer." Were hie oontempo rariee all " weak men" atso ? That's what oar cavilling, oritioal Crumbman would like to know, 