BISHOP KENNION'S PASTORAL. RELIGIOUS EDUCATION. The Review this month publishes Bishop Kennion's pastoral, from which we make the following extracts:— " There are two very practical duties ready to hand, in which I will venture to ask for active sympathy and generous support. They are religious education and the Home Mission work of the Diocese. As regards the former it is increasingly evident that whatever is accomplished will have to be in entire independence of the work done in the State schools. Even if the simplest and most rudimentary religious education were given in these we should not be relieved of the duty of endeavouring to establish Church of England schools wherever it is possible; for the whole principle of our education differs from that adopted, or even proposed by some to be adopted, in _ the State schools. At the most what is thus proposed is, that some instruction be given in religious knowledge in addition to the ordinary curriculum, whereas the root principle ; education we desire to impart is that the children have been made God's children, and are therefore to be taught to do TTis business; that they have been redeemned, and that therefore their lives are sacred to be trained for all good purposes; and that they are being sanctified by the Holy Ghost (the source of all knowledge), and that all good desires and capabilities are to be fostered and developed by sound education, based upon the law of duty to God and to man. No directly public appeal has yet been made to Church people for support for our Diocesan Board of Education. We wished to test the value of our work before we begged for help. The test of two or three years' experience is satisfactory. Our schools are growing, though slowly. Now, I venture to ask for subscriptions. If every Churchman and Churchwoman who values religious education (and it goes without saying that all should do so) will be good enough to send such a subscription as can be erly afforded for so great a purpose, our rd will be in a position to vastly extend the number of our schools, and their influence would soon begin to tell for good upon the community. The other puipose for which at this season I earnestly ask for offerings and for practical sympathy- is the Home Mission work of the Diocese. Every year's work shows me how much more work may and ought to be done for the Church. There are large districts where the work of the Church of England is left practically untouched; there are more where, rrom want of means to put a sufficient nui_ber of clergy on the ground, thawork is very imperfectly done. The subscription-list of the Home Mission Society reveals a very Emall number of subscribers, and I do not think their regular subscriptions amount to much more than £250, at the most £300 per annum. It ought to be four times that amount, There is no lack of sympathy with some particular missions, but it does not seem as if Church people understood how dependent the Church is for extension upon the devotion to her cause of those who already are partakers of her benefits." 