Sckne.—A Conv&vb;~J%yji£<$ea. COME back to you Sister Seraphine, Back to these quiet rooms, these holy walls; I place my hands your gentle hands between, Here at your feet my bitter sorrowfallsj So many£days It sat here as a child To listen und to learn, so many years til I came .to go into the wild— sucli the world is where Iweep sad tears; ■e l wasiwppy,,tbere I am perplexed ; e was tlie shade, 'but there the burning ' sun ; oiee said 1 Learn,' * I love thee' was its j text -; id now, alas! the lesson is all doue— SlSTEE~SEE APHINE. d wherefore done? Wiiat grief seeks here ab^lm? eak low,' through me God listens and be calm. ... Frances. lived him well, but he is gone from me : •ave liiin back his ring and I would give m backhis kisses if such thing could be ; e walk apart while he and I may live ; stood so .proud, so siroiw, quiet there Ijen I reproached him foi-his faithlessness; tade him go and kiss her golden hair id leave ine hot the shame of his caress ; cy told tne he was false to all his vows, iat love of me had fled to her sweet fiiee — who had kissed me on the lips and brows id swore I made heaven in my place. Sister. Serat-hixe. ad you believed hiin false ? .Fuanres. I cannot- tell : lie thought.was hitter f spake augrily, Lit all the time I loved him, ah ! so well— ;>uld!he not swear unto his loyalty? e only said 'Do you believe it then ?' Vas not all-plain? I cried, "I do believe I'hat worth-to question further ?' once again e said,; we parted, at your feet I grieve ; his place is holy, else I could arise ud curse them as God cursed in Paradise. Sister Seuaphine. istenji'y child. I have.a tale to telL tale that wakens from a buried past; o sadder ever heard.the sad sea-shell . hat murmurs tp the sands where it is cast; 'oom-deep of lives that lie beneath the foam, ; sings to beat of God's great metronome ; f quiet dead it tells unquiet things, f secrets buried from all human eyes, f lifes last struggles, of the souls of kings, f peasant's faith and children's lullabies, f messages that never reached their bourne. )f those that left untimely hearts that aid here from out that other life of mine . -take a sliell and bid it sing to thee ; lark how the tale it tells is Hke to thine is yonder ships'are on the quiet sea ; 'or thy sake whom 1 love 1 read again ly so long voiceless sorrow and my pain. , who am old with silver in my hair, L. sister in this convent by the sea, V&e; once as fair as any who are fair in^loyed ^the world and loved the sun to f ^ee; . I laughed the days $way in hope and pride. I'here was no cloud upon my happy brow; I am the ghost' of that bright self that died and life isjgraver to my vision now ; Love came' "to crown ine, love with Donald earned - .■ Hewasso brave, the bravest of them all, Wesii-iaced, largerlimbed, with strength no mfoiisoald tame, • And voicec^earrfashiohed as a battle-call. It seeiriedat^ffit that Christ had blessed oar love," All was so swefetso fallof warmth and light; I did not kuow a'cloud conM hang abo'e, Icould not think that love might know a « . night. We wandered by that iriver iii the west Whichflows sometimesthrough parched and . . weary plains; - i ii .. Wlieree'en the song-birds fallirom out their . uest Before meiiVeye'a dealh-sinitteni' -wlien •I)rought reigns. "3 When love began the plaius were full of . flowers. The river was o'er krehed by living green ; Weimade.a, liun'lre! places our love, bowers, Giid'a -angds guarded and we walked tietr I": V K^i:tt8;child;it seemed to.me so glad was I Iplijfjieart went singing allthe sunny day ; ffiBfejiiras iioaignof what capie by-aml-bye, the coarse of all my hopes away. I And hadspent -of happiness, f,:0f faith tttiDbnald ; like aflaming cross . Ourtlove atbjwiout as in. a wilderness, Above the shifting sands of human loss ; The time drew near when I should place my hand . ... In Lis and say, 'Hence forth for thon and' IJ There is one path, one home within the land, One hearth for both till you or I may die.' What wonder that as in a dream I walked 1 What, marvel that I did not stop to hear The tales they told of Death that silent stal ked Upon the plains where no rain fell that year? Selfish -was I, -1 did not see the sheep Dying in thousands by the empty wells ; These things seemed far off, all I cared to keep Close to me was the sound of wedding-bells : . There came'one tale at last that reached my ears * Like the round thunder in the deep ravine ; And then there fell a raiii of angry tears Such as ne'er weeps the Sister Seraphine. Tears come not now save when another's pain Touches my sight asf thine dear child to-day 4 But tben my.nature seemed to melt in rain' Of passion and to bear my love away. They told me that another face than mine Drew him from roe, one said she saw him kiss Her hand and after pledge her io his wiue— , I listened as unto a serpent's hiss. He had not come to me for many days. The stock he wrote weie dying and he stayed To do a thousandduties, biit alwavs FTe held me dearly who his great joy made. Once he ha-! mentioned her, ' a friend lie said Of his dead brother, one his mother kept In dear esteem, they called her Wiirifre-t And she prized them because of him that slept. 1 Now their words itunied my heart like iron bars. Was it for her lie stayed ?—Nay child best-ill. Listen, the grave speaks but above are stars That sliine int.i the depths of human will; Weep and'be still—<ra* it for her he stayed ? E'en as I asked it there he rode Ijetvreen Ti e sandal trees where we otir bowers made, Where we had walked love's shining hosts between ; A moment then before me straight he came With words of pleasure,1 in ins eyes the light Of—love for her ? I'would not speak his name, I called him traitor, and his lips grew white. 'A traitor, Helen, that is scarce the word That should be used 'tween such as we,' he said ; I told him then the tale-that I had heard With much mad thought that catne into my head; I would not listen when he tried to speak.' His sad face only made ine angrier, Mine was a spirit that was never' meek In those days, . and I said (Go> then to her, Give her tfie heart caught in the- quick : rebound, '■ Lay at her feet what I am glad to lose I did not care bow deep I made the wouiid. Consent he could not, he could uot refuse, For there I left him, I but heard the word ' Helen* twice spoken, then I saw him ride Into the gleaming evening, and a bird, Omen of ill, fell at my feet and died ; Theu my hearted melted and I kissed the wings That death had broken, for that moment I Had seen my song-bird Liove that sits and sings In its soft nest o'er true hearts, faint and die. And in the burning watches of that night Repentance grew; I wished him in my sight. . The morning came; a sun of molten red Hose over dying flocks and hopeless, men; Now with mine own great sorrow on my head I came to feelfpr others' griefs again : A day of doom it.seemed, there was no wind To stir the ashen pall upon the tree; It was a day when one wonld look behind To. count one's sins and tell one's rosary; All nature seemed upon the outer brink Of circumstance in close . Commerce with ■Death; . The gaping land from Heaven had nought to a. drink, — "* And all' life drew but harsh and labored breath; At last the san its zenith reached, and then The shadows fell to. eastward, and my heart Went with the sun—wonld Donald come again? <1 seemed to hear the dead bird sing, 'Apart!' iQjtrove him from me, called him a traitor, set H|ib lower than the meanest of mankind ; iloiew l honored, prayed for.ioved him yet, AiicKheld no thought of doubt within my 7v§siauid"; ; I hadfteim mai mad with my jealous fears, Mad as all women areeometimes ; I longed To weepTnjponhis breast repentant tears, Andmakeatonementwherelknewlwronged. Whohad not .felt the anguished soul declare Aeainst tliewalls that gird existence round ? Who has iiot tried to find a Mgheir air, And reach beyond all Tinman sight and sound ? To leave "the sfciflingdutiesof each day. . . And let the being swell to Nature's whole; To strike the bands of circumstance away, Andwatch the spirit's Currents seek their, pole? So I in my deep sorrow longed to be Afar from all things; ere the evening tide, When still the heat rose like a heaving- sea From off the ground, my horse was brought to ride; 'Folly' they said, 'to ride in such a sun,.. Wait for some cooler hour, besides but now Word had come from the North'that floods begun Would reach us soon—what floods meant I should know.' Nor flood nor sun I thought on. and t said ' Good friends, enough, I shall ride,' and I set My face towards the North, and let thought spread To all I would remember and forget: Hour upon hour I rode, I did not lieed . Time pass, Life, seemed to waver to and fro; NoK.it. was strong, no^like a broken reed, i- Now searching; for a pathway iiTtbe snow ■ Strange thought that in this angry, burning . .. .land . The inward eve should sweep an icv plain— Tfeefemed "to-stand with Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way into tha world again ; I cried aloud,' 0 Love, where shall we go ?' My answer was<a rolling thunder tone— No dream was this for. clouds had gathered slow Far up the sky while 1 had mused alone ! . The air was heavy as the hand of Sin ; My poor horse trembled in his weakness. I . Had ridden far, too: far, my breath within Was quivering like the tumult in the sky ;; I scanned the plains—a shepherd's hut not far Upon the river banks would shelter give Until themorning, whileithe skies at war Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve;— "Bain was a word too blest now e'en to say. Withont a sign, and so I bent- frail knees Irpon the threshold of the hut to pray Aa would one of'misfortune's refuges. Upon a rude coueh then I laid me down. And waited for the awful storm to break : The whole horizon was one eathered frown, And I could hear the battle legions shake Their weapons in the sky to lightning gleam, But still the rain fell not and darker grew The dustrswept plains; niy senses duller grew, Arid ere T:khew my eves closed to a dream ; Av. even while the storm bun? on the edge Of the steep world m v eyelids closed in sleep; T was so'weary—as if Lethe's sedge Were there my resting place, my donjon keep. I dreamed of Donald^ dreamed he came again And stood beside me, but when I would' touch His band be showed me on it a red stain. And "said, ' Lo! I have loved thee, dear, too much; 1 We meet no more, upon Ibc eai lfi jio more : Far off [ shall behold thee,J—then he passed Into the sunset, and I heard the <loor' ■ Of Life close sharply on my liopea at last! 1 cried out in my helpless agony, ' Donald, O Love, come back !' I only knew A rush of waters as a mighty sea Swirled round me and—ah 1 God but it was true! I walked to find the hut a swaying wreck : To knew that now the river was aflood. And all the plains wave-washed as is a deck By some vast sea, that no ship has withstood*:" And I bad slept while all the land was swept With writhing elements—Ah! could I lind My.horse ?. Nay, he had better vigil kept, And had fled down.the pathway of the wind ; What need to tell of how the current drove The mass to which 1 clung against a tree, And fine ing refuge in its arms 1 strove To hold my soul in strengthfor. what might be. Ah 1 that long Bight when wind and rain blew round The darkened world, .and my soul driftedfcoo From pole to pole, while I could hiear the sound Lpest's 6r lay *No nire, uo [la^ne. ad* then ' meet ath onness ; Fe to thee fiedness !' i the sty, ad die," bhtof Am, Of spirit voices aU.fclfthrough "Lost, lost,' they fer d the ' roar; . , One with his voice er and name ; . Athousand seemed more!' ' And.all their accents f,bitter| At last.at last the n broke, The storm ceased ant! ltirigwij] d grew calm; . The sun shone ,oiii o'4y pain' *ain— * My pain that never a: uld knofabaltn. ; Slowly the waters el: bout jnl feet. A ad -myriad though 3 of dfad' and death, ; The outer bounds of eemed j Aud Crush my spirit, itestbj I laughed a little it fony, The sun langheid bac sry wa I cried, Come, Dona ie! Ij . My last kiss ere I le; 's wret I heard the wild-due ng dos A pelican, satstill uj mb. And gazed all day to s faint J While I prayed to my id tboij . I did not heeil the pj >f theloura— ^ Ail things seemed, tin but,! iw the sun Creep Jo its rest, -an I' sapjr ' Lovels ' J. Donald, are dark, "an ndlo\;.are done;'. Then I grew stilly ho i cat lot tell, ' I waked to hear-a vo iss th wave : Calling my name—(h e I k ew so well, That 1 should hear th ying irmy grave: 1 Donald ! ah. iowe ! - ighili s spiritcame To pass with-mine be le' sui set bars, And we should be the -ah, ust thesame Tn the love-gaVdens < i the ;tars : Nearer Ahe voice cam Is^f. his form ; It wasnospirit, *Go< ankefi !I cried ; His bnat.inoved slow i ship in storm - Breasts the mad wine itrugiles with the ■ tide. •' ■ i At last beside^e dre ?6al,i and T Fell forward to his ar h one glad word; He kissed me,' sayinj re, f<)r thee I die,' Aud then lie fe'l! as Fe tricken bird. Blood ! '.there ■■•was b ponliim—on his hand " That in my dream I s d out to me ! His neck was thrust £, broken brand, His body was bathed arlet sea ; . I lifted up his head, JfL him there, 1 prayed for one worde passed away; His dear eyes openedr anguished prayer, Aud then he said, 'II you dear alwaj'. There was none olhei'as all untrue, They wronged me, blove my honor, so; The broken brauch tarced me seals it too For ever—kiss me dclre.I go . And so he died ; andjatiday his head I held aDd smoothed |r upon his brows ; I could not. come to tlhat he was dead,; I told him o'-dr again ping vows ; We drifted o:i, silentfgh silent apace, Like spirits floating Jether sea ; They found us in thefng face to face And look me from hiioiuid died for me. No heed to tell how li lei 1 With a, bold swimmecoke tide ' on him, how he fought the To reach the boat hat is hi ;ofhri now— How the branch feiced liif—close, child, to my side ! Let me drop one :ar on tbf ancient grief, ft is is all right, p rhaps, GjL knows the best; 'Tis that alone th gave mlieart Relief; I keep my place. ;re, andje keeps his rest. I left the world, built thsconvent home, •Here I have livil througf thirty changeless years: £ J ■ Here, as one watfhes-a swlsea in foam, Ho watch I all jior humaiitrifes and fears ; Speak to me, chfld, is theiby lesson done, Is love to foe to hee a settjg sun ? , Fraqes. I am grown\vis r, Sisterrapliine, To-day I shall si ad for hi and shall make Pardon iny plea. - Sister : &i;«nk - ' Now Heav . isgood'; between Me:ahd that life the new Refolds I shake ; They shall notstir again," ine other be . So near thetlead self thai Jur sweet eyes see. . ■ '.v 