NEWS IN A NUTSHELL. "This is a nicely decorated roon; so Warm in color 1" " Yes, it's surprisingly warm, considering the depth of the frieze." Husband: "Sense me, dear, bein' little late. Been—(hie)—been t' lecture on ' Drink.*'. Wife: "Yes, sir; and you've oome home fall of the subject." Landlord: *' Better stay, Mr. Qaibbs. All the big bags will be here next month." Visitor- " there's a good many here now; that*8 why I thought I'd go." . He Lost His Opportunity.—Major Blowitz: " The fellow tried to steal my reputation." Colonel Blunily: " You have lost the opportunity of your life." " What should I have done?' " Let him hftvn t*- "— " n v 1—i'wjuiuii. I'nuL Gambler : ' " Say, Bronnon, if I had ten thousand and gave you half of it, what would you do with it?" Second Gambler: " My boy, I wonld win the other from you with it." An Irishmen was asked why his countrymen were so remarkable for blundering. "Faith," said Pat, "there's something in the air of Ireland, and I dare Bay if an Englishman was born there he would do the same." The Difference.—Wife: "What is the difference between the words * induced * and 'compelled?'" Husband: "There is a great deal of difference. For instanoe, a man who is induced to marry a woman ia compelled to live with her afterwards." The autumn military manoeuvres in Northern France have opened, when trial was made of the new smokeless powder. The amount of smoke was found almost imperceptible; bat the detonation is as loud as with the old powder, and somewhat sharper and harsher. A Fearful Blow.— Fweddie: "My deah fellah, do yon know that Chawley Simpers is dangerously ill?" Harrie: "Why, no. What is the twoabble, old chappie?" Fweddie: "Why, he was coming down street yesterday, and a thought struck him all of a sudden. To-day he's got bwain fever, don't-yer-know." Modern Bomance.—Mies Sweetlips (just after the proposal): "Oh, Mr. Proseyboy, you don't know how glad antf gratified I am." Mr. Proseyboy (ecstatically): " rhen your really love,me?" Miss Sweetlips: "No; bat your proposal brings my record up to nine thiB month, and wins my bet with Miss Giggletitter I" An amusing instanoe of bad punctuation. Hie authorities in a certain village in Warwickshire have displayed the following extraordinary announcement in large letters: "Notice, is hereby given that any one found bathing in this pool will be prosecuted, as there have been several persois drowned of late by order of the authorities." A Russian legend relates that when St. Joseph returned from his flight into Egypt he found his shoes in great want of repair, and being aware of the excellence of leather work in Russia, sent them to Kieff . to be mended, where they remained. It is new reported from Kieff that the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to re-sole the shoes and then " expose them to the veneration of the faithful." The township of Skiddaw, Cumberland, in all probability stands unique in the United Kingdom as a township of one house, and the solitary male adult inhabitant is deprived of his vote because of the fact that there are no overseers to make ont the voters' list, and no church or public building on which to publish one, if made. The tenant of the house is the shepherd of Skiddaw Forest—a forest without a tree. Beater's agent at Berlin reports: "The ghost scare which lately arose in a number of schools in this city, and has since spread to the suburbs, has assumed the character of a nervous disease. In one sohool a panic has been created by a young girl who was frightened by a window enrtain flapping in in the wind, and there have been gimilur occurrences in several sohools attended by children of tbe upper class. The date of a violin is usually placed inside on the back, and can be seen through the sound-holes, but this cannot be relied on, as any date could be put there, and it requires an expert to eettle such a question with certainty. The best makers are held to be Gasparo di Salo (1560-1610); Nicholas Amati, of Cremona (1596-1684); Antonio Stradivari, his pupil (1644-1757); Josef Guarnem (1683- 1745); Joseph Steiner (1650-1696); and Mathias Klotz (1650-1696). 