THE ART GALLERY. III. Considering the size of the earth, and the fact that many generation! will still have to come and go before it is fully peopled, it is strange that men should fight at all. It is a mistake to suppose that women are at the bottom of every quarrel. They have enough to answer for without being credited with every national squabble. At the same time, from Helen of Troy to Mrs. O'shea, they've done their fair share in getting individuals and nations by the ears, It almost makes one use bad language to think that; whenever a land is rising from the slough of centuries, comes a woman to block the way. It was to when the earth was young and green-it will probably be so when the earth is old and bold. The foregoing it but a preliminary canter, suggested by my entrance into the Australian Court of the Sydney Art Gallery. Most painters have been men- all great ones have been made. There is no stranger thing in this world than that the hierarchy of art, literature, and science should be creatures that grow beards instead of those that did t Yet in these days person! arise to say that lex is nothing that, with the same training, it is just a likely for a Shakespeare or a Horace to be a woman as a man I When you want to fight, fight on your own ground. This is true of war, and it is as true of literature, At Bannockburn Edward fought on the ground chosen by the Scots- man. So, when again he crossed the border, it was with an army of starveling mutineer clattering and bawling at his heels. Napoleon tried it at Mont St. Jean, and recrossed the Sambre the best way he could. So it is that when you enter an art gallery u a critic be sure of where you stand. If you're not an artist don't give the artists a chance of smothering you with t/'ohnicalitics-of showing how littleyeuknow. Infaot,ohoos»yourown ground. Suppose you know a language imperfectly, don't you go and argue before company with men that know it thoroughly. You will but meet with defeat, and what's more, you'll deserve it You may know enough of the tongue to be of use to you, to be of essential service in enabling you to give a fair rendering of a class or of a newspaper leader. But you don't suppose you have the same acquaintance with it a the man that has spoken little else from the time he was weaned. Therefore, if you have to argue or carry on s-controversy, take my advice and let it be in a language you know everything about, a speech you've burnt 'st your mother's apron strings. To be brief, fight on your own ground ; so that if the artists are for fight, down they must move from their own entrenched to yours-from middle-distance perspective, colouring, tone, effect, and all that delightful (I was about to - by tom- foolery, but checked myself in time) jargon, and take up a position in front of the to far impregnable citadel of common sense. This it the court On turning sharply to the left two pictures are pretty sure to attract attention. One is a portrait by Ashton ; a landscape the other by Streeton. Sir Henry Parkes is the subject of the former, while the landscape confines itself to sluggish water, lazy cows, hazy steeples, and a general air of attractive indolence. A once-famous Irish barrister expressed his ability to drive a ooaoh-and-four through any law upon the British statute-book pictures and books, like last, can also be handled roughly, particularly when the judge possesses the double advantage of knowing little about them and of being out of temper besides. Fortunately in these days people are prone to lend a deaf ear to spiteful criticism. is., to the venomous fault-finding which cares nothing for the work, merely using it as a shield from behind which the artist may be gained by a flight of poisoned arrows. The day has gone by when a reputation could be made or shattered by a review-when the soul could be snuffed out by an article. So let us wander through the court "Still glides the strain and shall for ever glide," it the felici- tously chosen title of Struton'a work. Some workmen, whether on holiday or on strike it would be hard to say, were in front of 'their remarks seemed to me so penetrating that it was impossible not to hearken. Where does the picture get all its light ? It must be from the turn. But that can't be the man hung up there a round is a frying-pan and a white u a ghost The man never looks like that even when high in the sky, let alone when just rising or setting. Must be the moon, then. But if the moon, and full the sun must just have it Then, where does all the light come from, and what are the birds doing flying about and feeding with the full moon in the sky ? A lady novelist may take liberties with the heavenly bodies, u the authoress did a few years ago who had the ann utting while the new moon was rising in the opposite side of the sky. But artists are not allowed such privileges. It was ' not to be expected, perhaps, that a writer anxious to get to the plighted truth of a couple of young persons in the gloaming, should care much about the position of body in the solar system while an angry parent was bawling at the back for his daughter and threatening the utmost rigour of the law against the person detaining her. The foregoing it a fair specimen of the opinion ventilated in front of Mr. Streeton's work. From a critical standpoint they may not have much value. Indeed, they may display an entire ignorance of these fundamental canons of criticism by which opinions should be guided. What fatoinaUd ma was the fact that if the critics didn't travel far they at all events made aura of the ground they covered; if their flight was law and circumscribed it was at lout vigorous, they didn't, to be sure, remain long open the wing, but, while their opinions flapped, they napped to urge purpose, 3 That the dead image (a few send a his marathons! companion) of him," blurted out many daunt folk in front of the Premiers portrait To make a real noise in the world you may be, a Duke sea, Who THE rat tom hit TO years' work of the Consulate and the Empire's' hit chili regret was the baring wasted in literature the magnificent sum that should have been given to politics. Men of action seldom- take kindly to the study, the bookshelf, and the pen. It is generally under protest they take to them at all, and then they always look back with regret to the departed days of grounds, or forward with hope to a fresh lease of power. Some men are so constituted that for them to fight is to the turmoil is the very breath of their nostrils. It may be in the field or it may be in the senate; but whether with sword or with tongue, disquiet it their native element There is a gift which, in our tongue at least still lacks a short and appropriate name. It is the gift of keeping yourself before the public-of being always at hand whither you're wanted or not This priceless attribute it not necessarily allied with greatness fact it is occasionally found in company with parti- not alone mediocre but mean. Still, of the man whose portrait looks out upon you from the cave yonder, it must be admitted alike by friend and foe that during a pretty turbulent political life he has shown a resource, enadaptabilityand an individuality, which for considerably over a generation have differentiated him from almost all his fellows. To me, then, it seems that the artist has caught a proper subject, and the latter a proper workman. There is the Premier, u thousands of na bare to him, on the floor of the House, on the platform, and in the street Why has this counterfeit presentment coat hundreds of pounds while a few seconds in front of a earners would give for a few shillings a likeness drawn by the sun himself ? Just because in the work itself you recognise a deft hand guided by practice and intelligence. Buskin would sit for hours before a ramshackle old fishing-boat drawn upon the beach. He is in its rude planks what the owners themselves failed to see, the long centuries that must have passed before men advanced sufficiently to enable them to place plank over plank so that my board and nail would do its but in attaining a certain and. It is so with a fine portrait It suggests to you, a few others of men's multitudinous work turns, the drury centuries that must have come and gone while art was slowly -rising to its present position. The free-and-easy thirteen of New South Wales aborigines show nothing so much as the amount of ugliness that Nature is wedge into faces when she is really at her but Reckoning the human countenance u about 8in. long on the average with a capacity for stretching, perhaps, half a long again in certain circumstances, such u when credit on all, or an heiress Miss you will always regard you u a , brother-it is little less than marvellous how much plain nest can be put into it on a pub, Here too, are many photographs of village life in New Guinea, with house in trees. It is seldom that savages build so high. When men bourne old and fall into flash, it must be a little trying to have to climb a tree in order to reach the Ant floor. To come home late at night after a cannibal feast, only to find the front door 60ft in the air and the ladder hauled up till morning, must be additionally irritating for persons getting up in years, Still, there's some satisfaction in knowing that if your friends are inside on top, your enemies are made at the bottom. Many village chiefs are scattered about most of them in attitudes characterised by beau rather than by elegance. This desire to make themselves i um fortable as circumstances will permit appears to be widespread in New Guinea. In the collection are many akstohu of Sydney and neighbouring places. On various North Shore points various artists must have taken their stand with the doors, campanile, towers, and steeples of Sydney pushed upwards for unequal distances through the southern haze. Before one of these half and, half-sea soaps, taken at evening by Charles H. Hunt (ram some high point at Mossman's Bay, you linger as a woman before the mirror which assures her that she might go far before meeting anything so fair. An upper Nepean gorge, wilder than one of their Highland glens whence half-savage clansmen streamed in days gone by to beard their Saxon foes, is from the hand of W. G. Piguenit. It is a glimpse of rocks and rapids, of rain-clouds, scattered patches of blue sky, and Maggy vegetation striving u Australian undergrowth will strive to glean a living from a churlish soil. It was from such craters that the "blue bonnets" used to swarm when they wanted a little diversion on the Border, till Cumberland's bull-dog smashed them up for good at Culloden. Then are still people who think that if Charles had made for London instead of turning back from Derby, the Stuarts might still rule at St. James's. How any fairly well informed person in support so at this time of day is mysterious. The Highlander never had a show from the start. While admiring their pluck and pitying their fats it is not easy to lament their failure to pass another Stuart on the throne. Even the Georges were better for the country; which is saying a good deal. " An Australian Mangrove," by Piguenit, suggests loneliness, Uneliness, malaria, and mosquitoes : while Mabony'e " Rounding up a Straggler," looks as if cut out of a sun-baked paddock occupied in force by shadowy dogs, wayward cattle, and determined drovers, By the time the bumptious beat, so anxious apparently to part company with the drove and Mt up in business on his own account, he secured a few switches of the murderous-looking stockwhip, he'll probably have come round to the opinion that to bear the Uli he had was, on the whole, preferable to flying to others. Not far from this insubordinate mammal is "Off the Track," by Johnstone, which, by means of a live man, a dead horse, a dry water- course, md a blued true gives the impression that country Ufa, for all its pleasures, has many serious drawbacks, To be lost anywhere, even in thought, is bad enough. But to have a dead horse on your hands, and the nearest hat some 20 miles away are things calculated to make the stoutest heart quail. This reminds me that of. all unpleasant Minga I know none to surpass the first shock of the conviction that you" lost your way in a wild country. It is like the few maddening seconds during drown- ing before the merciful arrival of unconsciousness. An odd thing, too, is that whites brought up in the bush will often beat the aborigine themselves In forest-craft. White men have thrown boomerangs as no niggers ever threw them since the Flood. "After a Bush Fire," by Ferrarini, shows a fine stretch of country through Um passage partially cleared by the blaze. "St, Mary's Porch at Oxford,'' by Fletcher Watson, consists of a closed and highly embellished gate with a g*rgeously-attired official behind, while a surpliced ecclesiastic at the head of half a dozen surpliced lads pass in front Oxford was always fond of frippery. In fact, 60 years ago she was so near Roma that a biscuit thrown out of one of the front windows would land in the Vatican. Since then, if not actually divorced, they've soo ceeded in obtaining a judicial separation. Singular, this desire of men to wear loose and showy garments. savage or civilized, it's all one. Give an old crinoline to a New South Wales " gin," and you merely seen the poor body a sound beating for before your back is turned, her husband ap proaches., asks her what she means by strutting in such finery while he'? obliged to go half naked, takes the shell from her, gets into it, and waggon along, giving her a good hard kick to up her quiet " Dinner in the Fo'eastle," by Hopwood, shows a number of sailors at new. Then was a time when " poor Jack's " dinners wen of the simplest kind, being merely " ult horse " from the coal, Nssoasd with oaths' from the captain, and washed down by an occasional kick from the mats. The man who did not relish his meal under such circumstances was naturally regarded a a troublesome person on whom it was necessary to keep a sharp eye. All or most of this is now changed owing to the persistent s for II of generations of just men who fought the seamen's battle at horns while the marines wars fighting that I country's battles abroad. Eighty or ninety years ago thus same fo'outU men on nearing home, after years of hardship, were liable to be pounced upon by the Ant short-handed warship they met, and forced to urge a long as the authorities liked. Many a decent lad, after a four years' whaling trip, no sooner saw old England on the tea once more than the man-o'-war's cutter shot alongside and rudely dispelled his dream of home. "After the Shower," by Lister, shows late, sown, grass, doods, sky, water, light, mist and pain. To show it to a thirsty man would be the very assesment of cruelty, so soft and satis- down the moisture appear. "The ploughman homeward plods his weary way," by Spence, consists of two horses and a man not much, to be san; bat with figures, u with the of a trick in the fable, out good ore is worth a dozen bad. It may be the pUughmaa himself; it may be his mighty home it may be the immortal wards of the "KUgy," or it may be the combination of all, that so appeals to ena, For surely,, answer sinos primeval man tttsoovtrad the sword of sweet sounds, wow words of greater beauty or appropriate aeu moulded to such purposes. Small wonder that Wolf's, reciting it when dropping down stream the night Wiora his case seated the Heights of Abraham, and ended the Franco, dream of domination in America, should have added with fervour, " I'd sooner have written that than this Qnabac." It is thus to Mag this a spar to close art through paucity, bat through embarrassment of tutorial. Numerous water-colours of New Zealand scenery are gathered up and down. Probably the same effects cannot be obtained by water and paper u by oil and oanvu-certainly some of them appear too good for this world. A world where water and sky are so blue, clouds so white, and grass so green, is fit for fairies only. No more murderous creature than Oberon and his family should dances upon its surface there is no place so I Danglade for Bottom the Weaver, or Snug the Joiner. In the court too, are a few outs of statuary, all of cocoa Hellenic-two, in particular, being "half naked, loving, natural, and Greek." On the wall opposite that where Sir Henry Parkes it hung it a large oil by the same artist It contains but one fight an Australian prospector, the sort of person that now may be seen in many a distant gully, pryin's, shovelling, washing, in search of that open useful to worldly appreciation and regard field. His shovel, pick, and half-filled bag of washdirt are betide him, while he looks in the tin dish residing for a stray speck of the of the of an ape- tent metal. No love-struck Twain ever to longed for the signal light in his lady's window at this want wanderer for the appearance of a particle of the well- known element at the side. From the rocks beside him the cool water may ooze and drip in the trees around the birds may twitter and chirp; he has no ear for eye for them. It would take a black snake to divert his attention from that spoonful of mud, and even then it would have to coil round his neck or wriggle up his leg. Leave him to his thoughts. Love may . make the world go round it is gold that makes it has, 