HERE AND THERE. The Donaldson Brothers, contortionists, are meeting with success among the variety halls in London. They /have signed to open at ' the Orpheum in Vienna, Aus tria, September 1st. i It is a notorious fact that the dog-faced freak at the, ,0'Farrell . Street Theatre fails to attract the attention of the naturally inquisitive fair sex. It is beyond comprehension li'ow a person' "'with the least- particle of . managerial (experience could conceive the idea , of ex hibiting an unsightly freak like Jo- Jo, the dog-faced boy, in a theatre that claims to cater to respectable people. There are many, who are even opposed to the practice of exhibiting monstrosities in museums or side shows ; but it is far more objectionable to present theni as an attraction in a theatre that claims to be a family resort. : J The Sothern Family seem, to have developed wider histrionic talent than their father had. E. H. Sothern is a serious as well as a character actor. Sam Sothern betrays a higher class of comedy talent; In the mean time, E. Hi Sothern is making a fortune and a reputa: tion in his " Lord Chumley," and it is not by force of his father's popularity either. W. S. Gilbert is in a east-iron transpiration as is making his own life and that of his acquaintances and friends miserable with his acute agony at the know ledge that Francis Wilson has presumed to introduce comedy into " The Gondoliers" arid take liberties with the Gilbertian text. As is the rule with Mr. Wilson, he has elaborated the somewhat diluted humor of Giuseppe with broad buffoonery and successfully bur lesqued the subtle satire of the great author. Gilbert, the grandee, is therefore in the depths of despair a'nd curses American comedians in his usual poetical and effusive manner. J. W. Wilson, of - Wilspn and Cameron, has been divorced from his wife',- professionally known-' as Eva Clayton. -J- . One of Australia's native-born actresses, who is now winning great praise. for artistic work, ,has. thesiugu- larly appropriate name of Alice Player; -G The fyoung lady - plays the leading r6les 'in" the Dan Barry com - pany. , ,, . The great war. dirama, " Shenandoah,;" a play which, , written by an American t'tlx-airiatistj' Mr. Bronson Howard, ,is /a thoroughly. American one,/;treatingA of one of the most important /contests in American ^his tory, has set all _Auierica,n hearts throbbing, and is incontestably one of the greatest successes of modern days, the author receiving more American money in royalties than' any two or three playriglits ,;'ever re ceived for one work in the same time. "Bronson Howard is a . dramatist, pure and simple, and has nothing to do with, the finding of' the means for the production of his pieces. He conceives and writes them, and. gives his attention often to the selection of the - acting cbriipany as he has done in the i case o f " Shenandoah ; but he goes no further. Ordinary dramatists receive from about, £15 to £30. a week in royalties for 'successful plays. : Mr. Howard- !lias re ceived as high as £734 in one week in royalties from two companies playing "Shenandoah." At the Twenty-Third-Street Theatre in New York liis royal ties have often been over £334 a week. In the past seven months he has received from Al. Hayman nearly £9000 in " Shenandoah" royalties. No other play has ever earned this sum for its author in this time. Young dramatists' ought to keep their eyes on these figures. They brighten! the vistas down which struggling authors are always looking for the coming , of fortune; It means untold wealth for them if they write the right kind of play. But it must be another " Shenandoah." They must take Bronson Howard's masterpiece for their model and try, to do something just as good, at jeast. : ' Manager Al. Hayman was in Paris at last accounts, but was expected back in London for a month's rest before returning to America. The two leading mana gers of America, as managers purely, are now Al. Hay- 9 ' man arid - Dan ; Frohman. S They are fast' distancing even Palmer and Daly. A new inducement to cigarette / smokers in Qhicago is the presentation of a divorce certificate .with every package of cigarettes. — - - , Fred. De Belville and wife have gone to Europe for a four month's, trip. 4 While in Belgium they will visit De Belville, Sri, who is an officer in the French Army. Mr. De Belville will be a member of Chas. Frohman's \- company next season. /. James Carden makes a strong character out of old :Noah Learoyd inJSThe Long Strike" in San Francisco. Several members of Daniel Bandmann's Company are reported as having retired from that organisation on account of " the ghost" , being cast for.Ha'rriletJ "-and therefore neglecting his other duties. 