THE FEDERATION QUESTION Queensland's Chief Jnstic® Speaks. bnidbane. mood&vi; . Sm Charles LtllEy, Chief Juttioe, has written a letter, which is published in Saturday's Brisbane Telegraph on the question of Imperial federation. He expresses a strong opinion that any ohhngo in tho direction of a closo nolitical union with England would bu mischievous, and would lead to premature, violent, and unfriendly separation, and to much misery. Referring to tho poverty in the mother couutry, Sir Charles write: "Ardent supporters of Imperial federation need - never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. Those who hold the wealth of nations must boar its burdens. Australia will not relieve Grest Britain of her paupers, and referring to the promotorsof tho Imperial federation scheme, Lord Roioborry, Carnarvon, and Cardinal Manning, the Chief Justico says; — "In stead of directing their ability, energy, and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity and 'statesmanship which lie! before them at thoir doors, theso gentlemen' started in the pursuit of Imperial federa tion— a phantom with loss substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost. What Australians desire and will maintain is tho right to develop their national life a! they will, unfottered by restriction from abroad or from any external authority. " Tho hopo of Englishmen," adds the Chief' Justice, is that Australia will help them to ooerco India to hold her in subjection, and says that wo may now reasonably appro- ' hend that tlio first armed' enemy of Aus tralia will probably bo England with Indian troops, at tho cost of the Wretchedly im poverished tax- ridden people of India.' Whilst Australasia should wisely lot present friendly connections with England axist until we are ready to meet any foe by land or water, wo mast prepare ourselves for any contingency. Continuing, ho writes: "Lot our motto be then, 'Iude- pencc, peacefully achieved,' if possible, but ' Independence. . London Dailt News says that the present, is the time for Australian federation. Delay might end in independence. Tho London newspapers havo published a summary of tlio speeches at the federation banquet. Tho Pall Mali, Gazette gushes over the phraso of Sir Henry Parkes, "the crimson thread of kinship." What about the crimson thread of tiio Naval tribute. T.io convont sohool atWaggaWagga Was opened yestorday. Earthquake shocks havo been folt in FijL 