A BORDER SHEPHERDESS. A ROMANCE OP ESKDALE. CHAPTER XY. AT FAITH S MERCY. In her sheltered home BY AMELIA E. BARR. Author of " Jan Vedder's Wife,'" Sfc. Dwelt Peace and Charity, and joy became A frequent guest, and loved to sit with her And make her sing. Yet pitiful she was To all who suffered, measuring loss and woe By the large measure of her own deep heart, And by the vastness of its treasure. When the heart is brim-full of grief it must be held very still, and in the days following Lord Graeme's death Faith instinctively preserved this attitude. To have wept, or to have given way to audible lamentation, would have been to make shipwreck of selfcontrol, and relenquish that dignity of grief which Baved her the platitudes of sympathy and the surrender of the least portion of her confidence. During the week in which the body lay in Graeme Castle her mental distress was very great. But she refused to see it again. Her farewell had been taken. Her beloved had crossed the great border-land with her words of hope in his ears, and her kisses upon his lips. Her last memory of him was one which Death's erasing finger had not touched, and she did not wish any other to supplant it. The custom of her native country saved her from the ordeal of the funeral. David and Matthew walked with Lord.Seaton as chief mourners, and most sincere mourners they were. ' See that David and Matthew Graeme are the chief mourners at my burial.' Those were his words, and I promised him, for he loved the lads;' and Faith bowed her head, and was satisfied that it should be so. But Terres was angry at the arrangement, and Lord Seaton, though he insisted on the carrying out of the promise made to the dead, was much annoyed. Besides, there was some vague wonder among the neighbouring gentry; a floating suspicion in their minds which yet they scarcely cared to whisper to each other, so charged was it with the obligation to the living and blame to the dead. The principal rooms of the castle were hung with black cloth for the occasion, and it would be hard to conceive of a dwelling more profoundly melancholy and forlorn. The servants would not move about, except in couples ; the visitors, in spite of large fires, were cold. A .sudden, irresistible depression—a trembling mortal terror—assailed every one who came into the lonely rooms. There was something terrible to the boys in this pomp of black velvet and black cloth—in the still face, so awfully.white, that was the only object above the heavy pall, the one pitiful cause of the black floor and the black walls and the black draperies. Faith was glad she had not so seen it. Far better to remember it under the open sky, out in the wide fields, with the sympathy of nature and the sympathy of its mortal kind regarding it. Still, as long as the body lay there, Faith felt that she might give so long to her mva sorrow. Inere would be no necessity to consider what duty she owed her nephews in this crisis until after the burial. Lord Seaton was the nearest male relative capable of taking upon his shoulders the ponderous ceremonies considered proper for a man of noble birth, who had also held local and social positions of trust and eminence. When the last rites had been fully paid, then she would see Terres. It was said that Lady Seaton was very ill, and she could well believe it. The affection between the brother and sister had been one of exceptional intensity. Terres mourned bitterly, and for many weeks refused every suggestion of comfort or resignation. It seemed cruel in the sharpness, of such heart-sorrow to bring to her remembrance the worst side of her brother's character, and force her to contemplate the sin they had committed together. Faith, also, was for some weeks physically averse to to the dispute. A langour. a sadness of sorrow, that preferred inaction and silence, had in a measure subdued her. After the boys went to Eton her life lost its savour. Terrible temptations assail even truly good women when they sit down on the edge of the tomb. It is there that the great enemy is to be most feared. He said to Faith : ' God has taken the only one who truly, loved you away. He need not have done so. He took him cruelly and without warning. He need not have done so. Will you ever see him again ? In what form ? And in what region ? Will he love you then ? And in ten or twenty years are you even sure that you will love him V Oh, yes ! it is generally the strongest souls that have these pallid despondencies, these spiritual negations, nigh hand to annihilation. But with Faith it was only a passing condition. Children always turn to the iight, and Faith had a child's soul. Ere long she turned to the celestial horizons, to infinite serenities, to love without end or limit. For her soul had never doubted. It believed as her body breathed, as naturally as unconsciously. It had no need to discuss its faith. It is the simplest who see the clearest. Phemie had watched her grief with a wise and patient understanding ; knowing by some fine womanly instinct when to leave her in solitude, when to call her perforce into the struggle of life. She was glad that the spring opened early ; that even in February there were a few young lambs to be looked after. Then Faith roused herself to duty. She was again constantly on the hills; but there were few of the valleys or the high places not full of the memories of her little brother David, of her nephews, and of Graeme. She could not but remember; and she would have been pitifully lonely had not one of the dogs taken a singular affection for her. Laddie was a noble collie who knew every sheep she owned, and whose sagacity had 6aved many a flock. During that very winter he had perceived the approach of a snow-storm, and without orders driven a thousand sheep into the nearest shelter. When Faith began to look after the lambs he positively attached himself to her. With eyes full of unspeakable affection, in which she 'asserted she often saw a mist like tears,, and even the whole understanding of her great loss, he quietly watched her. And she grew familiar with the wise and loving creature, and often in her lonely walks talked to him. ' I hae the heartache, Laddie,' and Laddie would look into her face with a sympathy that both understood. When she sat down upon the little knoll that had been a favourite resting place for Graeme and herself, Laddie lay down gently beside her, and they had their own sad confidences. And the fine healthful walks, the caring for helpless creatures, and the confiding comfort of her dumb friend soon restored Faith. She began to write longer letters to her boys, to take her old vivid interest in all that concerned them, to plan for their holidays, and count away the weeks of their absence. • In the month of May she heard that Lady Seaton had returned to the Court. A severe illness had followed her brother's death, and it had been thought necessary to take her to the South of France for the winter. At the time she left Faith was not sorry that her absence should leave her some time to consider the best and kindest way in which to open a subject so painful to both. That it had to be discussed there was no doubt. Lord Seaton had applied for power to control the Graeme estate on behalf of his son's right to it. The child was everywhere spoken of as Lord of Seaton and Graeme ; and in spite of her sympathy for Terres and her liking for the babe, Faith felt a sentiment of anger at it. For though Lord Graeme, in his confession to her, had never named or blamed his sister, in subsequent necessary conversations he had been compelled to reluctantly admit that Lady Seaton was aware of the wrong, and would surely endeavour to take advantage of it for her son. So, after her return, there was a feeling of strait in Faith's mind, a determination to do right, but to do it as kindly as possible, for the sake of one so dear to all concerned. She selected a morning of perfect loveliness for her mission, and she went early after breakfast, because Lord Seaton was then generally in the saddle going over the estate. Terres received her very coolly. She was not aware that her brother had made any confession. She had been hurt and scandalised by his defiance of conventional forms in entreating for Faith's presence in his dying moments ; and also very much offended by Faith's ready compliance with his wish. She felt that her own claim ought to have been remembered first. People had talked, and Terres hated her family affairs talked about. Moreover, the meeting amid such a crowd of witnesses prevented her quietly smiling away any presumptions that Lord Graeme ever really intended to marry the Shepherdess of Harribee. She was now also a very great and rich lady. If Faith had shown her some civilities in the past, she considered that she had amply returned them. She was quite determined that the acquaintance should be dropped, and she received Faith in a manner consonant with this resolve. ' I hope you are better, Lady Seaton V ' I am well. And you ?' ' I am well also. How is the child ?' She touched a bell, and ordered his lordship to be brought in. He was a pretty boy, and Faith noticed that his apron was ornamented in the bosom with the united crests of Seaton and Graeme. She looked at it, and was silent a moment. Then she said, ' Come with me, my lady, where we can be quite alone. I have some words to speak to you to-day.' Terres laughed a little scornfully, but there was a sudden fear in her heart. She led Faith to her bedroom, and closing the door said, ' Pray, what secret have you to tell me now, Miss Harribee ?' ' Have you not a secret to tell me V ' Certainly not.' ' Will it be any secret if I tell you that the baby we have just left is lord of Seaton but not lord of Graeme?' Her face blazed, she snapped the gold chain she was fingering in two as Bhe answered, 'Understand that you cannot impose upon me with any old rubbish about private marriages. ' There was no private marriage in the case of your brother William Graeme and Beatrice Spezia. It was a public marriage well attested, and my sister's husband was his lawful son.' ' Proofs ! Proofs ! What do I care for your assertion ? It is not worth the breath you make it with.' ' I have the proofs. Your brother ' ' Do not name him. How dare you name him to me?' ' Dare is not a word to be used to a Harribee, man or woman. Your brother Tilbert was my promised husband.' < You say so.' ' It is true.' ' Then you intended to marry him for his title. If you could have been Lady Graeme yourself, little you would have cared about the right or wrong of it.' ' Of all trifles titles are the very lightest. In my condition I stand upon my ain feet, not needing in any way to lean upon the great. If I had married your brother I would hae married him only as Tilbert ^Graeme. I intended to go abroad until the time to right the wrong had come.' •Oh,indeed! So that was Tlibert's and your fine plan. Heaven very wisely defeated it,' ' I dinna come here to talk o' the dead, but o' the living. I hae the certificate o' your brother William's marriage. I hae also the baptismal certificate of the late Lord Roland Graeme. And I hae a written confession which I hope and trust you will not force me to use. Unless it is used the world need never ken whether the wrong was intentional or a mistake. Sandy Todd kens that I hae been making enquiries ; there is nane need to know mair than that the right has come to light through me. Lady Seaton, I hae nae desire to gie you or yours a moment's annoyance. Help me to do what I must do as easily as possible.' • My poor little boy 1 He is to be made a pauper for those two big nephews of yours.' Then she began to weep bitterly, and Faith sat down silent and grieved, but she offered her no consolation. After a while Terres dried her eyes and asked, ' Why do you wish to alter what is so suitably settled.' ' For you, suitably settled, perhaps; for my nephews ' ' If they want money how much will satisfy you ? t I will sell my jewels, I will give you all I have.' ' All you have is too little. It is not money I care for. If all the world was mine I could be no other than I am. No whit gladder, no whit prouder. I live quietly in my own home out o' the noise o' the world, fearing none but God, desiring naething but the right.' ' Then why molest my little Piers ?' Canna you see that it would be wrong to let Piers Seaton enjoy what is truly David Graeme's V ' If David was willing—can you not manage David ? I will give him money.' 'Do you really hope to make me a partner in your sin 1 If Davie could be bought, that would not touch Matthew's right o' succession.' ' Oh, Faith 1 Faith ! then have pity on me. If Seaton knows the truth he will cast me off for ever. The circumstances must come off before the Lord Chancellor. They will be in all the newspapers. Everybody will be discussing them—supposing thi3 and suspecting that. It would be torture to Seaton, who is the proudest and most honourable of men. He will insist on paying all the back rentals. It would ruin us. When he is aware that I have ever sanctioned Tilbert's action he will despise me. I can fancy the look he will give me. I do not think he will ever speak to me again, And my poor boy! Oh,' Faith 1 Faith 1 have some mercy on me 1' ' Faith's answer came slowly, and with a sense of great effort, as if she was yielding conscience to circumstances and justice to mercy:—' Lady Seaton.' ' Call me Terres. Call me sister.' • ' Na, na 1 I will be your friend, but I will pull no fence down between us. Lady Seaton, it would oe a wicked thing to put strife between you and your lord without great and good reason.' ' Thank you, Faith.' • Wait a wee. We hae a Border saying, and a gude one it is—Our kindred first. I must not wrong the boys ; but there is no special call to right them just now. Every year brings its ain changes. When David is twenty- one wha kens which one of us will be in the land o' the living ?' ' Will you leave the subject until then V ' Yes I will.' 'Are you sure?' ' I hae the mastry o' myself.' 'But you will not be going to Sandy Todd or others for advice?' ' In this matter I shall fetch my council from my ain breast.' Then amid her thanks and tears Terres began to blame her brother. She could not tell how he had been so cruel. ' It was pure selfishness in him, Faith,' she said, passionately, ' He wanted you. He thought by confessing himself a villian and affecting to be ashamed of it in your presence he would touch your vanity and win you. He cared nothing for my honour or my child's.' ' My lady, I will hear no mair from you. You hae a poor sense o' honour to get a word o' mercy from me, and then take out your mortification on one that isna here to shut your mouth with the truth, It is a pitiful thing to hear you ! Dinna you ken that to abuse the dead is to rob their ghosts o' their winding sheets ?' ' Don't get into a passion, Faith Harribee.' ' Passion ! I'm nae in any passion. I hae made you a promise that cost me something to make. I wish that you had had the grace to take it in a kindly spirit.' ' Oh, forgive me ! forgive me! I am beside myself with fear and shame and disappointment. I did not think Tilbert would have told any one. It is too bad I How could he be so wicked ? He was not sick, nor going to die, nor in any great calamity. Faith, how could you come here with such dreadful news,' 'Faith rose very patiently. She perceived that at present her influence could do no good. Terres had one of those natures that are wisely reprimanded; fatiguing, full of incoherence, full of contradictions, In dealing with her it was continually nccessary to begin anew ; and the most forbearing weary of conversations which arrive at no conclusions. ' I shall go abroad, Faith Harribee. Can I trust you ?' ' You have my promise. If I live I shall say no mair until David is of age. If I die, the prosecution of the claim will rest with others.' Prosecution I For heaven's sake choose your words better. If you do tell before the time named I shall kill myself.' ' I am not to be frightened in any way, Lady Seaton. I am going away now, and you needna be sobbing that gait. I will do you nae gude, and be vera sure I sail do you nae ill.' It had not been in. any sense a satisfactory visit; and it left upon Faith's mind a sense of uncertainty that was exceeding painful. A week after it, she heard that Lady Seaton had gone to Italy. Seaton and Graeme were in the hands of factors. Both houses were closed; and in a few months the simple folk around them ceased to talk of their; doings or' even speculate as to their return. So summers and winters came and went, and there were few changes at Harribee. Faith aged somewhat after Graeme's death. She had stood on the topmost line of youth and beauty, longer than most women do. Her open-air life, her freedom from great cares, her placid, cheerful temper, and her religious trust, exercised a preserving charm. But when love went out of life for ever, it made a change that all noted. It had been meridian for long with her ; suddenly it was the afternoon of life. But she never lacked work, and never lacked interests outside her work. It was not enough for her to be making money ; above all, she must be making happiness. And wisely she looked for her opportunities at her own hearth and among the people with whom she was connected. She talked with her shepherds, and when she found that a few pounds to furnish a cottage would make a couple of young hearts happy, the cottage was furnished. She sent young girls off to service with kists full of warm and suitable clothing. She could always spare a few sovereigns to keep old women and old men out of the fields in the winter time- She discovered among the herdsmen a born preacher, and she sent him to school and to college, and had the felicity to know that he became a great apostle. Her charity was universal: developing every hour into little unremembered deeds of kindness, of which none took much note ; which would never win a word of public recognition, and yet which were worth far more than much that obtains public recognition. When David was nineteen, fehe took the boys one Bummer morning up the fell with her. They climbed as high as the Preacher's Stone, and looked over the beautiful land beneath them rolling away to the horizon. Faith was thinking of the future, but insensibly they fell into conversation about the past. In his slow, thoughtful way, as he let his eyes wander over the Harribee fells, Matthew said,' I do wish I had borne the grand old name. I should have been proud of it.' Faith looked eagerly at him and then turned t° David. 4 Would you also like to be called Harribee' David V she asked. { It is a good name, Aunt Faith, and I am glad of my share of it. But I have nothing against my father's name. I know that he was neither a martyr nor a saint, that he was only a poor player, but he did his work cheerfully and well. He was kind and honest and much loved. No ; I would prefer to remain David Graeme. But I would gladly take down the sword of Elias Harribee, and have a commission in the Cameronian Regiment.' ' Sae you sail, David! sae you sail I The sword of Elias Harribee isna for this day's fighting, but you sail hae your ain sword and your ain company if you would really like it.' ' Yes. I would really like it.' 4 I am proud o' your choice, David. Now, Matthew, tell us what you would like best to be.' 4 I will be a cameraman also, Aunt Faith ; but I would rather go into the kirk than the army. 1 ' Then I am a happy woman this day. And now you sail baith go to Edinburgh, and hae every chance for your future that love and siller can give you. For I •want you baith to ken that I hae none but you twa, and that I am a rich woman, and can gie you every desire o' your hearts—I mean every wise one. Not that I hae money to wastrie, for I havena ; but there is enough in Harribee and Hawick for all things reasonable.' < And I call that riches, Aunt Faith,' said David ; ' for what says the dearest singer in all the world?— ' It's no in titles nor in rank, It's no in wealth like Lon'on Bank, To purchase peace or rest ; It's no in making muckle mair, It's no in books, it's no in lear, To make us truly blest; If happiness have not her seat And centre in the breast, We may be wise, or rich, or great, But never can be blest.' ' Are you sure that is a bit o' Robert Burns 1 Our kirk doesna think weel o' him, but there's naething wrong in the words. Your grandfather used to say that folks who sang feighted trouble awa' from them ; but he—puir laddie I supped his cup full. I hae often felt sorry for him, puir lad—puir foolish, kindly lad I (To be continued.J 