SOME OURIOIS INVENTIONS. A contributor to t;e New York World has been amusing himsef by rummaging among the specimens of nev inventions stored in the Patent Office at iV ashimrton. Many of them are amusing and some decidedly crazy. a practicable bab: and a realistic cow. There are, perhap (the writer tells us) two thousand toys in on division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll ispatented by a German, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with ; a bottle filled with genuine milk onj a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glas3 pipe wliih runs into the bottle, and, goiner into the jnouth of the child, runs down behind and tlrough the doll into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out through the dolls head, machinery is set to work by which tie doll begins to suck, and the milk flows ip into its mouth and out into the pan. Aibther toy of much the I same order is the joy cow, which can he milked. The cow ismade of wood or metal, and has a tank insid it. The inventor states that the action of miking is exactly the same as that of the real 6w, and he has in. addi tion an iron wire Thich connects with the jaws of the cow aid runs back to this tank, so that she chews her cud while being milked. ' patejt cats. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1884. It is a catpf paste- board or tin for the purpose of frighfening rats or mice. _ It is to be made in a siting posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, so that it shines in the dark lik» a cat of fire. Another ommllTT fnnnv. is a natent sheet-iron animal, which is worked by clockwork and has a bellows inside it which swells up its tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight caterwaulers, and it has in addition steel claws and teeth. You wind it np, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. forcing hens co lay eggs. There is a patent mathine here for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing tlem eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cow's tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adj ustable false tail for horses. adjustable pulpits. The lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can he lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same' principle is the adjust able pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. beautiful noses. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The nose-improver is one of tha most curious of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. . The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman, or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should he first well bathed in warm water, and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the im prover is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful ; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful.. artificial ghosts. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare , away grave-robbers. After every great grave-robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it -at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impos sible to move it except by a derrick. 