A TERRIBLE RIDE. I bought my ticket through to Venice of Blank and Son, in London. " You will Bee our agent in every station, and he will save you all trouble with your lnggage, finding your train, and so on," said, with a bland smile, the head man of Blank and Son, as he handed me my little book of coupons and bowed me ont into the chill f< g of the November day. I went next day to Paris, and spent the day after in the gay shops and streets of that heedless, happy, care-forgetting town. I was to leave for Turin from the Gare de Lyon at 7-15 in the evening. When the dusk fell the clouds gathered, and I drove alone through the pouring rain to the station. My friends had brought me flowers and f 1 uits, and ibey would have |f>ne to eee me off, but I refused. They were women— why oould not I do as well as they i And then there was theagent of Blank and Son. He was sure to be there. What could I want more f " - ^ I reached the .station.. The rain beat on my unsheltered bead aa I paid the driver twice his fee, for the truly feminine reason that he demanded it. I went in. No agent of Blank and Son was to be seen. I had my ticket dated, my trunk registered, and then I followed a porter laden with my hand luggage to the train. AU the length of the train for Turin we wandered—there was but one first-class carriage to be found. I bad my first-class ticket in my band, and I went np to this one carriage and would fain have entered it. A stolid- looking old priest sat there in solitary state, and as I was abont to climb up he said grimly that it was all taken. I pleaded for one little corner, but in yun. I said— ' "But, monsieur, my ticket is first-class, and there is no first-class carriage but this." \- It is all taken, madame," came his reply, inexorable as fate. I turned away in despair. Clearly I must eithsr go second- class or give up my journey' for-that night. I oould not do the latter, for the friend of my heart was waiting for me in Venice, and her plans depended on mine. At that moment I caught eight, for the first time, of a limp man wearing the livery of Blank and Son. He was the most knock-kneed, weak-looking creature you •ould imagine—*till he waa Messrs. Blank's agent. Expiring hope was rekindled in my breast. I cried out to him. I showed him my little book with my first-class ticket. Slowly, as if he was 'going to execution, he went up to the surly priest in '"he single first-olass carriage, and slowly he came baok to me. " He says it's all taken, ma'am." "Yes, bnt can't you speak to the chief of the station P" "There's no time," and he pointed to the clock, just on the qrarter past seven. He was so utterly helpless, so pitiably weak, I turned from him desperately. Even the second- class carriages had been filling fast. I saw a vacancy in only one. I plunged into it and the porter handed in my baggage. I glanced then at my companions two beetle - browed, black-looking men, evidently Italians smoking fiercely. Terror took hold of me. I uttered a last cry of despair, and a kindly voice speaking English with a French aooent, said: " Madame, can I be «f any service? " and at the moment the speaker sprang into the carriage, took his seat in the corner oppesite me, the door was dint with a bang, and the train moved away. I told my tale, and the young Frenchman —who waa after all more English than French rinoe he had lived in England almost from his boyhood—tried to comfort me. At that moment I realised that I had drawn off my gloves, the more readily to get out my tickets and the small change for my porter, and that on one hand a ruby ring was catching the lamplight, and on the other a duller glitter betrayed a large sapphire. I had worn the rings for safe-keeping, but my mind misgave me as I saw how earnestly the smoking Italians were regarding them. I settled back in my corner and drew on my gloves, but some evil attraction compelled me to look steadfastly at my companions and toy to take their measure. • It waa a task beyond me. I had never seen such men. The head and face of the younger were exactly the image of the murderer in Mdme. Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors. Happily for the world that murderer had been hanged; but could it be that his uneasy ghost was reincarnated in this man, and had come 'o torment the world again T I had just read " Esoteric Buddhism," and this idea seemed most reasonable. There was a sort of evil fascination for me in this study of these two ruffians. It seemed to me they looked behind their tobacco smoke like demons seen through the sulphurous clouds of the Inferno, Suddenly my French-Englishman leaned forward and spoke to me. "Madame, I have fear of those Italians. I like their looks very ilL" / . " I agreo with you," I said. " That younger one looks exactly like one of Mdme. Tussaud'e murderers." " He makes me less of terror than the other. He is perhaps too young to contrive plans for harm; bnt the other I" He drew a long breath. " The other has in his eyes a look so terrible, so wicked, it gives me fear. And behold them I They are so shabby* What do they pay second-class fore T Would they not be third but for some misohief they plan?" Then we settled ourselves baok into our corners and watched the two Italians in silence. After a while they stopped smoking, and the oldest one pulled something black out of his pocket I shuddered. I thought it waa a pistol; but no, it was a small black bottle. The man drank from it and then handed it to his eompaaion. I thought they were rousing up their courage thus, and I grew cold with term. - Next the big man took out a olasp knife nesrlya foot long. He opened it, and its its bright, keen blade gleamed- wickedly in the lamplight. He cnt off a block of bread with it from a long roll for tiis companion and one for himself, and replaced the weapon. But I knew from thenceforth it was there. I lent forward and whispered: " Did you see that P" "Yes, madame; I saw it They think we will fall asleep in security when we have see a them eat and drink." "But," I said, "that knife is not reassuring." " Mon Dieu, no! The Italians do mostly their murders with knives." He whispered sepulohrally, as if to " do murders" were the natural and legitimate business of the Italian nation. - Then again we settled baok in our corners, watching, and the Italians went to eleep, or seemed to do so; bnt I thought I could see them looking ont from under their dosed lids now and again, and I opened try eyes wide and stared bard, that they might not for a moment suppose I had gone to sleep. About one o'clock in the morning the carriage stopped ard a man entered. -** Heaven be thanked I" whispered my neighbour; " we are now three against two." But no, th- newcomer belonged to the enemy. They welcomed him. They treated him from the black bottle. They cut bread for him with the wicked, gleaming knife; and then the three began to talk together, eage ly, excitedly, and I felt that some catastrophe was imm'nent. I watched and watched; bnt I "uppose that weariness must finally have got the better of me, and that in spite of myself my eyes had closed,' for uddenly I lelt a hand tearing my watch and my purse from my bosom, and other hands pulling off my gloves and struggling at n<y rings. I opened my eyes, and the oldest Italian, with the gleaming knife between his teeth, was clutching my pnn-e. The second waB tearing off my riags, and the latest comer had got my Frenoh-Englishman down on the floor and was struggling with him. As^ I looked up the big Italian caught his knife in his band. " If you cry out, one little cry only, I will kill you," he hissed, and my tongue clove to my month I could not have made a sound, however, had I tried. And jnst then tbe train slackened speed, and with the change of motion I sprang on my feet. The Italians were still deeping at their end of the train, and I had but dreamed a very evil dream. And at that moment the train stopped altogether, and I caught a glow from the new day in the east, and the guard th^ew open the door and sud In French i "At Macon a oftRiap WM flit eu for ladies only—would madam perhaps like to change?" And in deed madam would, and the French- Engiiwhrnan helped me out, and the Italians opened their eyes and nodded farewell, and in a moment more I |was alone and safe ; and the bun rose royally over the nwMnfoin topB and the end bad come of a very horible night.— Manchester Weekly Tima. 