General Gleanings. Presbyterianism Breaking up. Matters theological are in a volcanic condition in Scotland ; and not for the first time. The three great Presby terian Churches of that land, par excellence the home of Calvinism — the Established, the Free, and the United Presbyterian — have all for their creed or standard the Westminster Confession of Faith, drawn up by a number of Protestant divines in the year 1643. In 1647 the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland were in love with what they termed this " so excellent a Confession of Faith." But Presbyterian ideas of faiths and creeds, like political economy and tailors' fashions, have changed with the times. A few years ago the Rev. David Macrae, of the United Presbyterian body, kicked against it. He publicly refused to accept its doctrines, inter alia, that some men are " foreordained" to ever lasting death, and that those " God hath effectually called by His Spirit can neither totally nor finally fall away from the state of grace, but shall cer tainly persevere therein to the end and be eternally saved." In short, he dreaded to leach others what he himself did not believe — the damnable doctrine that " while there is no fear for the elect, there is no hope for the non-elect." Mr. Macrae went further. He accused his brother ministers of hypocrisy in making-belief they pinned their faith to the Confession, and boldly called upon them to state so openly, as they did in private, and to revise their pro fessed creed. To give up a creed of 250 years, however, is no easy matter ; besides, where then would exist their articles of religion ? As for a nineteenth creed — that people with common sense would laugh to scorn. And so like men with vested interests in the Confession, his rev. brethren simply branded Mr. Macrae as a heretic, and held on to the creed in which no certainty is found to light the struggling soul to that haven of rest all just men expect in the world to come. But it is easier for Presby- terianism to extinguish a heretic than to extirpate a heresy. At the General Assembly of the Free Church in Edin burgh last week, the Ghost of Banquo appeared again. Not a single minister, but two influential professors, teachers of the future, are this time the heretics who kick against the tottering Con fession. One of these gentlemen, the Rev. Dr. Dods, rides unsparingly through the whole doctrines of the Westminster document. In St. Giles' Cathedral, Edinburgh, this Presbyterian Christian preached to the congregation lately that " We must not too hastily conclude that even a belief in Christ's Divinity is essential to the true Christian," and that we need not be " seriously disturbed if we lind we cannot accept what is known as the orthodox theory (!) of the Atone ment"— the mystery of the Redemption. This professor of a Christian religion finds "immoralities" and "errors" in the Holy Scriptures and characterises ' mechanical or verbal theory or inspira tion as an offence to the honesty of man, as dishonouring to God, as having turned inquirers into sceptics by the thousand, as a view that ought to be branded as, heretical in every Christian Church," while there are " many things in the Old Testament commanded or commended which are to be severely reprobated." The heresies of the other offend or, the Rev. Dr. Bruce, are some what similar. He was charged before the Assembly with having in a book, written by him and entitled, "The Kingdom of God," thrown doubt on the inspiration of the Bible and the Divinity of the Son of God, and made statements irreconcileable with the Confession, and the position and responsibilities of a professor of theology. To go into de tails, he objects to the crude notion of eternal punishment ("damnation" he terms it), because he hopes " few would become so diabolised and dehumanised as to become fit companions for devils." Then, he considers St. Luke " toned down" several sayings of Our Lord " out of regard to the weak." He looks upon the Gospels of the Evangelists as so many newspaper reports, done up according to the tastes of the writers, and insinuates that he possesses as good a right to interpret the events in Our Lord's earthly life as did those he re gards as Gospel reporters. The debates which followed these grave charges brought out this important fact — no one denied that the professors, in a more or less degree, had weakened the received ideas as to Our Lord's Divinity, the inspiration of the Bible, the Atone ment, eternal punishment, &c.; His strongest defender, Dr. Adams, ad mitted that Dr. Dods' teaching caused anxiety. The Rev. Mr. Howie held that it took away the infallibility of the Bible, and a Glasgow elder that the minimising of the doctrine of the Atone ment removed from the Bible all its meaning, and from the death of Our Lord its true significance, while the reference to the Divinity of Jesus de graded that doctrine to an extent that had raised a shout of jubilation among Unitarians and infidels. An Inverness elder put tbe matter in a nutshell by asserting that Dr. Dods preaches a false Christ. A member of the court in the Bruce case declared that the professors had made many infidels. The Rev. Mr. Scott said the author of the " King dom of God" wrote of the Evangelists in such a flippant and amazing manner as would cause any secular historian to consider it libellous if applied to him, and blasphemously and patronisingly assumed that the praise given by Christ to the Centurion was " in the main deserved !" But while no one denied the heresies, the Assembly of the Free Church feared to act as precedent dic tated. The professors stuck to their views and dared the Assembly. The debutes of the reverend court had been carried on like an election meeting, and hisses and groans and calls to order were frequent. Never before were heads of a " Church" in such a plight. And the sentence on the heretics only added to the ridicule heaped on the court — on the Church. There was ground, said the majority of the Assembly, for the " misunderstandings" created by the professors' teachings ; but the matter need not go further. We content our- sclvcs with reminding the offenders that " the primary duty which devolves on them in the responsible offices they have been called to occupy is to teach and defend the Church's faith as embodied in her Confession"— Not guilty ; but don't do it again ! Throughout, the length and breadth of the land of John Knox, something like consternation reigns in the religious world. It is recognised that a crisis in the Free Church has not been averted, but only postponed. More than that, the older ministers feel that the influence of the German Rationalists has at last come to play havoc with all the Presby terian bodies. The Rev. Dr. Story, holding the important post of Church History Professor of the Glasgow University, tries hard, though up to the present in vain, to have all religious tests for professors abolished so far as the Established Church is concerned. No secret is made that that move is in the interest of greater freedom, liberal ism in thought. All the young blood is for the " development of religious thought" ; on the other hand, the old heads denounce the mutilation of the Bible and the encouragement given to Rationalism. Thus are the churches in Scotland divided and perplexed. The secular press does not repress its sneers at the vacillating policies such as that of the Free Assembly last week. One journal writes that the Free Church can not be congratulated on its finessing diplomacy and suppressio veri in the in terests of its Church, which have led to its facing both ways. Instead of cleav ing to the truth, this religious body permits its professors and doctors of divinity to preach that belief in the Divinity of Our Lord is not essential, discredit the Holy Scriptures, and transform the physical Resurrection of Christ into an allegory. The people watched closely the action of tho Free Assembly,- and they do not shut their eyes to the fact that tho result arrived at is an acknowledgment of impotency. They are losing faith in their Churches, now reduced to meaningless forms, which but kept them in shape as bodies though lifeless, are preserved in ice. How else can it be when the teachers themselves lose faith in the doctrines they were licensed to promulgate ? Comraonsense and rationalism are kill ing the only criterion Presbyterians ever had, the celebrated Westminster Con fession. This perpetual stumbling block, this Presbyterian Ghost of Banquo, is ever in the way. The Free Church has even now a committee endeavouring to revise it, or rather to draw up another Confession explaining Confession number one. Did creed number two ever come to anything the difficulty would remain. The Established and the United Presby terian would not acknowledge tho in terpretation of the Free ; and besides the time is fast coming when the light of the Bible will be generally discarded and in that event no nineteenth century explanation will be accepted. Certainly dissolution stares Scotch Presbyterian- ism in the face. Its position just now is that of the boy in the bog, who was afraid to advance and did not know how to retreat. Its old, hard, cruel Calvin ism will not serve it in these days of in ternational thought, and nothing but Rationalism remains. Mr. Garden, a hard-headed Elder, told the Free Church last week that human theology had pro duced the confession, and that that theology had to bend to new facts. There are two truths implied in that statement ; the Free theology is bend ing with a vengeance, and Presbyter- ianism has nothing Divine about it. It is of the human — humanly. All its troubles arise from the want of a Divine authority, to interpret the Bible. In Scotland the people once swore by the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible; but with criticism here and criticism there, it is as plain as noonday that in the land of Bibles and Bible Societies, the Gospel, to use the words of Cardinal Newman speaking on Latitudinarianism, in course of time will be considered scarcely more than a re publication of the law of nature. And without a Bible, there can live no Pres- byterianism. Without belief in the Divinity of Our Lord being " essential," there can be no Christianity. This will very soon be the position in Scotland. When that time arrives but two alter natives will remain for the people — to rush on with the flood gates of atheism, or seek refuge in the Catholic Church, where the Bible is honoured and Christ is God.- \- Catholic Opinion. 