^é¿ftíáW!tl ipqpßiBty ,ào, mo. Iiiätl). .OABBUTQTOH is a man of whoi tnob-tMofle Iwvej^pu^tless read or heard . For'fêveral ytare he was the ornaments head-piepe of ^oe social strata of Nei aa the representative of royalty, and, i aujr^snt /go«stp . ,be true,. spent a ver f^smu^ money >oui of his own privat feats? w ,'f ¡strengthening those ties whiel MB«TO'fco^thV dear old motlier land. ÄMfwWta'^jÖij) term of his exile luv tiMoa, and he so glíctiy severed his con Hpctbn,flrith :S!the blawstod kawlouies, the noble lord was accorded a « send off «i^^^uaw^tS^t^6 ia de partare wilta red-letter dsy in the his \- tory^ S|dnevj a ,day marked by thi expeoditin-e of imóré gunpowder, cheers Íero groy el,, and other things, than wai wished.upon the return of the aforesaid Boodah Contingent, and their donkey J^'jffi^'lgOat.1 Even when Searle re Jj^í^fí jä^a. meat to the land, whose prowess.'.ias ithe mother of ohampioi Athletes fae.bad so worthily sustained, al the enthusiastn and excitement that wai m^y^'npon hu remains did not com« watbin.miles of the "loyal devotion' showered upon Lord Carrington on thc day of his departure. Nor did the in nD^DerablèT"'wreaths, "placed upon th< dead hero's coffin, count other than as a drop in the ocean in comparison with the bouquets and other flora) offerings which were showered upon the noble h)rd, as he was making his way "over ÜW- border" of toe country he had sc vice-regally governed. Since his arrival Í0''ÉD^¡and, Lord Carrington has been toe récipient of many flattering atten tions, which have been cabled out with full amplification- by the genius, who, supplying the Australia!! Press with EurOptoB news, dismisses a resurrection in a sentence, and devotes half-a- column the inane '(waddle of some titled noodle, who, professing to know what .besé oolonie« require, betrays his ignor ance of the subject in every word he utters.. Bo for days past we have been told that Lord Carrington had been wreoked, and tba* Lord Carrington had not ;'' that Lord Carrington had been met, on his arrival at the railway station in London, by quite a number of dis tinguished personages belonging to his old world of London life ; that among them was tho private secretary of his old obum, tho Prince of Wales ; that his tenantry ¿sitié going to allow his lands to remâjn witilleri for n, whole week, while they held high holiday in honor of his return ; that-that, in fact, tho old wprldjeernod to be turned upside down tpV^leprfcto Pie return, from the new world, of a harmless and inoffensive gentleman of the groat Smith family to TOe midst of his old aristocratic friends sud ¿cqúaintanoM. With all this super lirtivo nonsenso Australia, and least of «ll Queensland, had little or nothing to do. Australians, while they road these | exoiting cablegrams at their breakfast tables, were content to sip their coffee and smile. But, at a recent Masonic festival, Lord Carrington hos Been fit to rear himself up on his hind legs and predict that the Australian colonies "would ever remain loyal to Great Britain." Doubtless his intimate friends, Lord Hopetoun and the Earl of Jersey, when their term of office hos expired, will also return to their happy hunting grounds in the social life of the world's great metropolis, and give expression to similar predictions. But is it not a fair presumption that, despite such utter ances as those of Carrington and other gentlemen built on similar lines, the true Australian loyalty is a fealty of Australians to Australia ; the belief that Imperial Federation is something to be dangled before the colonies, with I out any intention of giving it fruition ; I that Australian Federation, Australian Nationality, and Australian Indepen ! dence are the aims of all true Austra lians-aims they anticipate encompassing at no distant date. In one sense Lord Carrington was doubtless correct. In a [ commercial sense, Australia will " ever remain loyal to Great Britain." Fur ther, in the sense of children who are ' pursuing an independent career, but who look lovingly back to the wisdom and prowess of their parents, so will Australians ever regard the wisdom and prowess of-the land from which their ancestors sprung. But such "loyalty" does not, nor never will, exist in the sense whioh Lord Carrington intended ; the sense of a Bernie Blavery to a mon archical institution with which the rising generations of Australia have nothing in common, and to which their every sense of manly independence is opposed ; against which, in the years BO close upon them, they will raise the cry for that great Australian Republic, the one and only gift with which the coming statesmen of Australia can satisfy the craving for freedom which all true Aus tralians already feel. There is nothing disloyal in such a desire. It is but the loyalty to freedom which are the labor pangs preceding the birth of all new nations. TBS genially genuine growl of "Pater familias," published in our lost issue, shows that worthy father of a family to be possessed of a very tangible grievance. As he plaintively puts it, paying hard earned money for the necessaries of life, and then not getting your dues is indeed too bad, and does require immediate al teration. And there is a deep, dark, unfathomable pathos in " Paterfamilias' " query, " what is the world coming to T' that is calculated to bring tears to the eyes of every absent-minded tradesman in the town, who, after sanding the sugar, moistening the tobacco, and read ing the family prayers, retires to rest with a gloriously peaceful disregard of the labors of the legislators who passed the bill regulating the weights andmeav ures of those who barter goods for cur rent coin of the realm. We know this absentmindedness exists as well in the peaceful valleys of Warwick as in the distant land of Timbuctoo, and our only surprise is that " Paterfamilias" did not state in his letter that short weight and insufficient measure had caused him to file his petition for relief in the Insolvent Court, uBe strong language to the wife of bis bosom, and succumb to an irresistible desire to undeservedly ohastise his olive branches. In these hard times the man who pays ready oash for his supplies de serves better treatment at the hands of those with whom he deals, and it does not require a professional actuary to ascertain what a great difference thirteen ounces instead of sixteen ounces in the pound makes to a man who is purchasing supplies sufficient for a prolonged period. It may mean undeserved profit to the vendor, but it for a certainty means un deserved loss to the purchaser, and we add our voice to that of " Paterfamilias" in asking : Is the air.of Warwick suffi ciently healthy to keep alive au inspec tor of weights and measures) and if not, why not, and who ÍB to blame for the inspector's absence 1 or if the inspector is alive and healthy, and iu our midst, why does he not pay better attention to his duties) We hold a firm belief that Warwick is one of the most honest towns this side of the Antarctic regions, and feel convinced that if the inspector of weights and measures, if lie be in the land of the living, or hiB ghost be he dead, were to pay a visit to the trades man who supplied " Paterfamilias" with his stores, that that worthy tradesman would only be too pleased to allow his scales to be adjusted, and his weights to be made accurate. Meanwhile our sym pathies are with " Paterfamilias," while we once again ask, isitwitli Mr. Redmond or Mr. Spreadborough, or who,, the fault lies 1 If it is not either one or the other, or any, then wo say arith " Paterfamilias," " it is really and truly time there was one appointed" to attend to such an im portant duty. 