a TIE NEW MORMONISMV. os (LNonoxo TIrc;s.) s The Mormons have come out with a new profession of faith, theoresult of a conference of elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration says: " We believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost; that men will be punished for their own sins, not for those of Adam; that mankind may be saved through Christ, and obedience to the laws i and ordinances which appertain to the faith in Christ and through repent ance: in baptisni by immersion, and lay i ing on of hands. We believe in the same I organisation as that of the Primitive Church I-namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We believo in the gift of tongues, m prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. We believe the Bible to be the Word of God, so far as it is trans lated correctly, and also that the Book of fMormon is the Word of God. We believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many n important things regarding the Kingdom of God. Wo believe in the literal gathering of Israel, in the restoration of the Ten Tribes, and that Zion will be built on this continent. We claim the privilege to worship God d according to the dictates of our own con a science, and allow others to do the same. We believe that we must obey our rulers so a long as they are honest, true, chaste, benevo lent, and vrtuous." Article 12 of'the declaration abandons the system of polygamy. The political effect of this departure will be very great in Idaho. There are 11,100 Mormons in this territory who will now be able to vote under this new declaration. At a Mormon Conference hold at Salt Lake City on 0th October 10,000 persons attended. President Woodruff's official manifesto forbidding plural marriages was r approved and adopted by a unanimous vote of the apostles, bishops, and elders. This is the most important step taken by the Mormon Church in a quarter of a century. George Q. Cannon, one of the oldest leaders of the church, addressed the conference, say ing that the manifesto was the act of God. President Woodruff having had a special 1 communication from the Almighty. The speaker said that he was sorry that the step was necessary, because he believed God had ordained polygamy. The martyrs 'of the church had sluffered much, 8;00 of them having I s been confined in the penitentiary for the al e leged offence of polygamy; but it was useless for the church to fight 60,000,000 people any longer. God would hold the nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right to worship ac cording to the dictates of their consciences. The sufferings of the Mformons were recorded in Heaven, and would one day appear upon the noblest page of modern history, but the speaker bowed in submission to God's will. The conference confirmed the original Articles of Faith, including the one beginning " We believe, being subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, a honouring, and sustaining the law." The action taken by the conference effectu ally ends the Mormon trouble in Utah, and bars polygamy in the fu ure. a. The official manifesto of President Wood ruff, forbidding plural marriages in the f Mormon Church, is as follows :--" To whom it may concern:-Press despatches having a been sent for political purposes from Salt Lake City, which have been widely pub- a lished, to the effect that the Utah Commis sion, in a recent report to the Secretary of the w Interior, allege that plural marriages are still solemnized; that forty or more marriages have been contracted in Utah since last June or during the past veer; also that in public discourses the leaders of the church have taught, encouraged, and urged d the continuance of the practice of polygamy, I, therefore, as president of the Church of d Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, do hereby w in thie most solemn manner declare those ni charges false. l " We are not teaching polygamy or plural Is marriages, nor are we permitting any person to enter upon its practice. I deny that either forty, or any number, of plural marriages g' during thatperiod have been solemnized in our s temples, or in any other place in the territory. One case has been reported in which parties a have alleged that a marriage was per- tl formed at the Endowment House in Salt Lake tl City in the spring of 1889, but I have not been able to learn who performed the cere- ag mony. Whatever was done was done with- u] out my knowledge. In consequence of this re alleged occurrence the Endowment House cc was by my instructions taken down without w delay, inasmuch as laws had been enacted by P Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, moreover, had beon pronounced consti- t tutionel by the court. a " As a last resort, I hereby declare my in- yu tention to submit to the laws, and to use my influence with members of the church w over which I preside to have them do like- at wise. There is nothing in my teachings in at the church, or in those of my associates, bI during the time specified, which can be at reasonably construed to inculcate or to on- he couragoe polygamy. When any elder of the vO church has used language which appeared to P. convey such teachings, he has been promptly s5 reproved. I now publicly, declare my ad vice to the Latter Day Saints, which is to refrain from contracting any marriage for bidden by the law of the land. Sc " (Signed) Wzrconn Woonnuvr. Presi- TI dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints." It This document having been adopted by the conference, the President offered the follow- us ing resolution: " That recognising Wilfrod Woodruff, If President of the Church of Jesus Onrist of Latter Day Saints, as the only man on earth If at the present time who holds the keys for sealing ordinaries, we consider him fully if authorised by virtue of his position to issue the manifesto which has been read in 'E our hearing, and which is dated 24th Sop tember, 1890; further, that, as the Church If General Conference assembled, we accept his declarntion concerning plnral marriages as If authoritative and binding." This resolution was unanimously adopted If by the vast assemblage. After MIr. George Cannon had spoken, President Woodruff stated that the decision embodied in the manifesto had been reached If only after a long session of prayer. Thefiat had gone forth, and the wilof God must be obeyed. The question of what shall bo done in the case of members who are alreandy sealed re- Ti mains to be debated at a meeting of the Mormon priosthood. 