THE GHOST-SEERS OF RERUN. (NOTTINGHAM DAILY EXPRESS.) Tlio German character certainly offers somo very odd aud contradictory attributes. The British tourist who, Baedeker iu hand, saunters through drowsy Hanover or busy Leipzig, or affluent, hnndsomo Frankfort-on-Mniu, would hardly civo tho sturdy lads and fat littlo losses, wituoycs bent over tneir Kmttmg, the credit of bomg dowered with very lively ima ginations. Hans and his sister Licsal look liko plump incarnntiouu of stolid coramonplaco as thoy drink their boor nnd consumo alarming portions of sausngo, so that it is not a littlo surprising to road of tbo odd outbreak of a sort of hvstcria that luis just visited Berlin. A small girl has, it appears, seen a ghost when sho ought to have boon uttonding to her educa tion. Concorniiig tho manners nnd appearanco of this roystorious visitant thero docs not seem to bo any very reliable information. Whether it woro tho timo-honorcd whito sheet ; whether it carried its head under its arm, after tho nn- comfortablo wont of souio ; wiiother it merely topped, liko the notorious denizen of Cock Lano, deponent docs not say. Ono fact remain?, and with thi9fact tlio Berlin authorities seem to find it difficult to deal ; tho ghost baa apparently a legion of attendants, and ' au alarming number of children havo been terrified quite out of thoir young wits' by seeing thcin. Thoy do not oridcntly bo- loug to tno phantom world, that may not bo vlsiblo in tho garish light of day. They herald their approach by mysterious flapping, and may turn up boneath tho hottest noonday sun. Ghoat-6ecmgi8nll tho fashion In tbo German capital, and, as nu opidemic, almost equals tho influenza iu tho multitude of cases. So far, the measures essayed to quoll this curious outbreak of superstition havo been un availing, but thero is such an obvious dis liko of cold water among thn faithful subjects of the Kaiser Wilholm that it is quito nossiblo that u good sousing under a pump would " lot dreams depart and visions fly." If the ghosts bo fond of attention they have chosen their timo well. They nro mow amusing than domestic servants, and a trifle more exciting thau sea-serpents, bat with tho wholo of romantic Germany opcu to thorn, thoy cannot bo compliraontcd on their solrction of aplacoof residence. Berlin te adored by its inhabitants, as tho immortal Mrs. Buchholz has abundantly demonstrated in hor delightful family history. But it lacks picturesqucncss anil glamour ; it has no past, no legends such as cluster round so many of tho cities of tho Fatherland, Cologne, for instanco, where tbo designer of tho fairy fabric of tho glorious cathedral Bold his very soul to ensure tho complotiou of his wondrous poem in stoue. Frankfort, whcio tho young Gootho loved und sang, and whero, in tho old Jewish quarter, fast crumbling into ruins, lurk vaguo stories of secret crimes, and supernatural visitants. Or in Hanover, with all its associations of a bygone court, with thoso prim gardens at Horrenhausou, where, surely, on a moonlight night, it would bo n small sur prise te raeot with patched and painted ladies daucingon tho( shadowy lawns, where broken nymphs and grinning moss-grown satyrs seem te watch tho wandorcr who disturbs their soli tude. Germany is tho homo of tho most com plete nnd the most oxquisito of poetical myths. Lorelei from tho rockB on the Rhino lures fishcnncu to their doom. Uudino claims a soul from tho mau who gives her his heart. From tlio Hartz Mountains como tho littlo Kobolds who search for jowols in underground palncos lit by tho dull radiance of tho carbuncles, nnd upon their highest summit Faust nnd Mophis- troplilcs mingled in tho ghastly revelry of Wal- purgia Night. It is, howovor, sotnowhat diffi cult to associate tho stout pholgmatic Tuoton of to-day with Lohongrin iu liis silver boat, or Tonuhiiuser knocking at tho magic door of tho Vonuaborg. Mciu Ilerr has his oxcellont quali ties, but it is only thoso who know him inti mately who suspect tho vein of romance beneath a soiuowhat comroonplaco exterior. Tho ordi nary nowspapcr reader will bo surprised to read of sober Berlin officials being compelled to give importance to tlio hysterical fancies of a fow nervous children, fancies which probably had their origin in physical disturbances caused by tho intense h oat of two or three weeks since, Tho occurrence is a proof that not oven tho highest sort of Stato education can wholly banish superstition from tho iufant raiad, and a proof also of tho facility with which moro terror becomes infectious. Tlio uncomfortable effects of tlio gbost-panic at Borliu givous an oppor tunity for a word of warning that is always in season as to tho oxiremo unwisdom of playing any foolish practical joko calculated to frighten a aiild. It is likely enough that tho Berlin scare was wholly duo to a hoax, and it says very littlo for tho advonco of true civilisation in Englaud that coses of heartless attempts to alarm ucrvous pcreons uro very far from being uncommon. It is cowardly in tho oxtrcmo to trado on tho weakness of otliors in this fashion, nnd if by chanco it should bo discovered that tho Berlin ghost is of substantial flesh nnd blood, it is to bo hoped that bis reward will bo a sovcro chastisement at tho hands of tlio law. 