THE DOCTOR'S DOOM, A VfORT OF REAL LIFE. BR &OBEBT; THWAITI, JVjt CHAPTER XLI. LAYING A GHOST. There wu nnnaual commotion among tha inbablUnts of the little fishing village of Tintagel, oa the Gomiah coast. Tha /Am ale portion thereof had toft their net-mending and mosael-olearing, and were gathered in kttle grant, tUaoneeinfc apiece of u m whidh M H M to be all-Important. "HareVold George himself; hell tell na allfcboBt It,"aald a stout red-faoed woman. "Is it true the old hall is takes, George ?" •he (aid eagerly, aa he drew near to the <rowp. " Trne enough, woraeluok," he replied, with a crave shake of tin head. " Whole taken UI - 00 you know them » Whan do they oome from I" Bat the old man waa deaf to their qnei- . tiaaa, and wonld not be batton-holed by mvf of them.- " Be'a in a terrible way, And no vender. If a been a fine thing fer George and hia wife. Fifteen shillings a week for taking care of the place, with liberty to keep foirlf, and make. oae ol the garden^noirent to pay, and no coal to find. It hM been a little iortnne to them." aaid another of the Cliff Hall had been uninhabited for nearly thirty yaaa, and the good ioUta of Tintagel had long ago given npali thought* of it beiog again tenanted. Squire Tremainr, the owner, bad left iaahortlyaf ter Jthe dttappsanuce ef .Me yaoag wifei and bilatw afterwards retaiped lbi&e; nome -of hiataoeetefca. He ted oara dead fire years, and the heir-at-law,. eastd London barrister, had bete down to. ttieok atAhe plaoe which he had once xbtted •ban a child. Bat though he g aveno .reason ' therefore, Jaa left after staying tme. night at ••Aha hall, teith a secret detmninatton that vWttdng ahnold induce Mm to take up hia •teds than. He. advertised jt extensively for a time, but after a visit, no apnlioant wished to carry the negotiations farther. No wonder, therefore, the fiaher folk of the Tillage at the foot of the hiil, on the aide of •arihloh stood the hall, were atartled on hearing that the old mansion had been taken «na long lease. . A few days previously a lady and gentle- •nan H rambled on. the abore, reaching TfaitaRel about fire in the afternoon. The . villaee bcaaied bnt one hotel, and that a small one.> To the annoyance of the gentleman, and the diemay of the lady, the prof>rietreu declared, in a poaitive tone, that ahe had not a aingle bedroom to let. ** Ia there any other hoaae at which we ooald be accommodated ? ' enquired the lady. *• WelL ma'am, the old o aretaker op at Qii? Hall aometimea allows a party to have a bedroom there, bat they don't want to stay after the first night" "Afaiiowia that?" Beoaoae the old place la haunted." " Then, Emily, yon have often expressed yoas disbelief In ghoata. Here ia a capital ahanoe to -pat your courage to the teat. What do you say?" " Let na go and see the oaretaker, by all meana, Edward." , „ Edward Priest had been married to Etnuy Bidder 4more than six years, bat the anion bad not brought with it that amount of hapfainesa which Emily had ao fondly anticipated. The neat ohjeot to whioh, after hia retarn from India, Edward Priest had devoted himaelf had not been realized, and the failure of his hopes h&d; to aome degree affected hia brain. The aadden flight of kn. Ward from Brent Dale, at the time when ha eeemcd to have in hia hands a clue to the mystery of his father's crime, waa a terrible and overwhelming disappointment, and for aome daya he seemed to give way to despair. Emily waa frightened, aoaroely knowing what to do. Fortnnately, the Eeotor'aaabatitate had brought hia aiater with him, a rather acrimonious old maid. Before she had been in Brent three da;e, Miss Eaphemia Pritt had given the gossips of the Dale plenty to talk about She waa an indefatigable visitor, and made it a role to apeak her raiad freely if ahe bad any fault to find. Her ignorance of Brent and ita people soon got her into trohble. Had she refrained from paying visits at unreasonable hours until ahe had become acquainted with, their habita, ahe would not have ventnred to throw out hieti about wasteful extravagance ia the hoase of s "statesman," whose, farm had been the freehold, of hia family for generations. "Fresh batter and egga for tea? Yea; why not ? I pay my way, and owe nobody a ha'penny," said the farmer rather warmly, in reply to Miss Euphemi&'a openly expre8sea wonder at the viands on the table. The honse was a rather email one, and the farm buildings at -some distance, heuoe the good lady took it for a labourer's cottage. " Bat you shoald save up for a rainy day, or you may have to go to the Workhouse when yon can work no longer," replied the lady. " Workhouse?" he said, theprideofaBrent "atateaman" now thoroughly aroused. " How dare yoa talk to me about aio a place ? This farm ia my own, the land'a aa good as ai>y in the due, and I can lend yoa a few hondreda any day if yoa will give good aeoarity, and pay me G^per cent." "Oh! Then you're a farmer? I thought you were a labourer." " Will you please go away and let me git icy tea in peace. And tell your brother Til gav' to t 1 chapel ao lang'a se're V Breot," aaid the farmer, relapsing into the Brent dialeot. Miaa Eaphemia was almost apeeahless with. rage, bat, as the farmer looked "aavage enough for anything," she departed. That farmhouse waa not far from Laburnum Cottage, and in passing ehe stood by the gat9 admiring the fiowera, wh(ch Emily waa watering. The girl's faoe told Miss Eaphemia at onoe thafrrahe waa not atiative of the dale. "May I oome in and rest a few uiaatea? I am eo fond of flowers. Here is mv card. My brother has exchanged with the J & p c t o r . for a month or two." . " Certainly, Miaa Pritt, walk In," said Emily. "Youdon't l^ve here aloae, Miss Ah, j on didn't tell me your name." " No—is it necessary? We shall leave the dale shortly." replied Emily, aomewhat confoaed, "Necessary? Ob, of course not. Bat I've beard your brother's name—Mr. Harford. He ia your brother, isn't he t" " No, we are sot related." "And vet you are residing together fit's aoaroely deoent, young lady. At pnaent it may not trouble yon, iut when yoa become of marriageable age, it would not be well for your intended husband to know that you had resided with a gentleman io auoh a remote plaoe aa Brent. If yoa take my ad- Vioa-5-" Sat at this moment the door of the sittingroom, which haa bean slightly ajar, wai thrown wide open, and Edward Priest stood <n the threahold. "She doea not want your advice, you meddlesome busybody. Get out of my hoase before I forget you Bhould be a woman, and throw you out," Miaa Eaphemia lost no time in obeying the vehemently apoken command, and did not in truth feel safe till she was aome distanoe on the road. Then to Edward Priest's amazement and diatreaa Emily burst into tearB, " Emily, my -darling, you sorely will not head what that eat and parrot old maid said to you?" . " Bat it is true, Edward. Now that Mrs. Ward ia gone I ought not to remain here, I must go back to Ribbleton." " No, Emily That meddling woman haa • caused me to alter.my decision. To-morrow morning I will go to Kendal and obtain a marriage licence, and next day yoa will beoome my wife. It ia better, eo Emily ybu ' vrill not object ?" „ , , " No, Edward; I will do as yoa wish." And when Mies Eaphemia saw the splendid aet of. diamonds which the bride wore at the tteddiag fhe'was .feecretly vexed that there Waa no^qhanoe of renewing her acquaintance with sirch wealthy people. Bot;tbi temporary Excitement oaased by > fcU-pi&maae; wore'away 1 before ft month had -naaasjl, and ,1n order to' rouse' him from hia oepreaafon Emily proposed that they Bhould travel for a while. They went to London for the winter, thence to the Continent, finauy making their.home at Florence. There they remained nearly five jeara, aad Emtlv would ihawe been very hiappy bat tat her; rears ton hay huabaniTa account. Sometime ahe fanoled jiis reason was slowly ebbing away, but she had no fears for herself. To her he waa all gentleness and affection. " Alas 1" she thought, "he will never re oover till the secret of that will forcery haa been made known, and that oannot be whilst westay away from England. Hia own father. evenTdoea even, not know thao he ia alive, and I due not mention the aabjeot. Professing a wish to return, he at once acquiesced, and now for three months they had travelled through the southern oounties, and Edward's faoe had beoome more oheerful. The mention of the haunted hoase appeared to route him so thoroughly that Emily waa only too glad to fall in with his auggeation, "A bedroom to let?" repeated George Polstr&p;: " well, my wife do let folk sleep in one of th' best rooms sometimes," said the old oaretaker. . " I will pay you well, said Edward Priest "Thank ye, sir, come this way, and I'll go and tell her." They followed the old man into the drawing-room, whete the' old- fashioned furniture waa oovered c&rc; folly with faded chintz. " What a dear old place! How I should like to live here!" aalcl Emily, enthusiastically. " Ia the estate for sale?" asked Edward. "No, the owner wotft sell, but he'd be glad to get a tenant -There is one drawback—the plaoe is haunted." The caretaker did' not usually say a word about the perambulating spirit that soared away such strangers aa oame there for a night, but in thia oase he had his reaaoha for it "Haunted? How romantic! I should like to aee « ghost I" said Emily, f To b& continued. J 