Evicting a Glrost. Almost every town or. village hnB iii haunted house, and tha eettUnteiit of Wanda, in India, was nociception, tic-re a number ot ErfgUsh officers and. their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective, commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauobamp'B lioune was haunted was oiroulatod by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noiBe. The door-bell was ringing violently, and n struggling, writhing noiae io tho wall of the bouse— not in ono place, but in several at once, and tben he heard a long drawn sigh._ This waB the last feather. He rusbed to bis employer's room, and aroused him, vowing^ tbat the place was haunted. The notoriety bo cheaply earued beoamo exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this Bhape for some daya, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted houBe. Ab there were a number ot . ohildien in tho family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an otifice in the top, and Beat ing himself near it began to play a quaint nir upon a' flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the bole in the basket eame the bead ot the oobra, and when twelve. or fifteen inobei above the basket it began to wave to and fro aa it in obedienae to tho measure ot the musio. After, the snako dance— or the snake ' charming,1' as fiaropeapa are wont to call it— the Indian anake.ohaxmer walked around tbbhouBej and among the busbe3 pointed out ? bole wbiob | might.bave been made by a rabbit. : To one of the natjves be said he would takb out a oobra which -his thought was in tbo hole. Seaiting himself before tbe hole the migiaian began hiB mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes ho kept up tho noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head ot a cobra. Another hole, was soon found,, tbia .being dircctly at tha base ot tho wall ot the house. . The man ' examined.it a few moments carefully, then began to .play upon tho flute. .. Hardly had the group .gathered about the performer before a most remarkable noiBe came from the house. First, therQ waa a Bound bb ot esoaping steam ; then a sound of some great body etrikiug the wall and rnb .bing against the timbers. ' ' ' 'Dust in olpuda oame trom thebole.ahd the obar mer '' started back in terror, overturn iug tbe man. behind him. l{ecoverin8 him -.u ? 1- ? i .1 ? Jt. ? null, un u«i.-m.uai-uu.uuiu BUU,.iarilB(ing HIB arm iD, drew out, not a oobra, but the tail of a. large .snake, . Astonishment waa depicted on the native's face, and horror. on those ot many ol the spectators, bb he stood holding the tip ot the tail, and five feet-ot .tho body waa viaible. For a second the man hesitated, then .regaining his. courage ha shouted in Hindastahcefor the lookers-on to stand back, and, takiug a, good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually backward. : Out it eamc, toot by foot, inoh. by. inch, five, ten. fllteen, sixteen feet— eighteen, wns thero no end?—' eighteen feet of quivering enake-flesh .bb large bb a mail's thigh, A quiok. jerk and the entire monster was .clear— at least twenty feet in length— big nough to.. swallow a deer and yet held by a einglo man. Tho native was, however, not in tbo leaBt dis couraged. He clung to tho tail and as tho huge reptilo turned toward him with !an angry liiaa he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased hiB speed, turning taster and faster, .until i he seemed the centre ot a wheel, the Bpokea. ol which were the body of tha python.' So rapid was tbe motion , that the snake's body was perfeotly. straight, and it waa evident' tbat as long bb the motion oould be kept[up the man was safe, but if tho monster oould reach him lie would in a moment be crushed in the horrible toIdB. of tbe roptile. It soon became apparent that the oharmer knew what he waa about, ? Not tar from tbe housed Btood a stout flag-stafl a foot and a halt through, of . solid teakwood, and toward this ho was gradually moving, whirling the unake faster and faster.. .When be .was within, twenty-five feet of it, it dawned. upon the few spectators .what ho was . about to do. Tbin was to Btriko.tyie bead ot the roptile against the pole.. Nearer he come,, whirling faater and {aiter, until th^ reptile stood out like b whip-lath, and then, with a quiok step for ward, he brought bhoihead of ' the onimal against the wood with a crushing sound; He released his hold, and. the. great . reptile doubled up in aonvuleive. folds, digging up tho earth and lending clouds of dust into the air, tlnslly dropping Jimp and Ii(oles9 to the ground, Ona.thing, wbb evident, that -therc was the ' ghost.' 