A Ourious Ghost Story. The journal of the Psychical Research Society contains a curious "ghost" story. It is communicated by " Major L.," who says:-On a fine clear night, many years ago, I and abrotherwalked home, between 10 and 11 o'clock, after spending the evening with some friends. On our way along the high road, we passed a small villa situated close to the sea-shore. An open level grass-lawn lay in front, reach ing to the road where we stood, from which it was divided by a low wall. The lawn was enclosed, on either side, by walls and small trees, the house being in the open space directly opposite us, about 150 or 200 yards distant. Our attention was somehow attracted, and we saw what appeared to be three indistinct figures in white, which seemed to rise, as it were, from the ground in front of the villa. The figure in the centre was taller than the others. We watched for some time, and finally the figures subsided just a; they had risen. Ithink there was a slight declivity in the ground, close to the hsuse, which was probably built on a lower level, and thus the effect described might be accounted for if figures had approached from the base of the house. There were many houses in the immediate vicinity, but, so far as I can remember, they were closed at that hour, and there were no people about. I feel almost certain that the villa was not then occupied, unless it may have been by a care-taker. On arrival at home, we related what we had seen, and were, of course, laughed at, and, indeed, the matter did not make much impression upon us, and, in a short time, passed from our minds. Some years afterwards, I was serving abroad, with my regiment, when I received a letter, from a member of my family who was present on the occasion referred to, recalling my memory to it, and stating that the lawn had recently been broken up, that, in the spot indicated by us, three skeletons had been found, and that the one in the centre was the tallest. I should add that there was no story or legend associated with the place, that the discovery of the skeletens caused much surprise, and that, so far as I am aware, no clue has been found to their identity or history." 