RECOLLECTIONS OF A LONDON DETECTIVE. Br DETEOTIVE-SERSEANT WILLIAM HOLBORN. Hunting for a Curly Heat!. John Caskey was] a builder's laborer who bad been useful to me more than once in giv ing information' regarding his neighbor;—as all honest men who live in evil quarters may be at times. John was an Irishman and lived in a collar twelve feet square with his family of ten ohildren; so, counting his wife, there was exactly a foot of floor to eaoh, If yon dropped into his house of a night you would see the family Bleeping in all sorts of odd con trivances in the Bhape of beds. They were all small and healthy and noisy, and slept oom fortably in the queerest positions with very soant covering, "That curly-headed wan is the villin of tha lot," said John to me one night when I had carefully orept down into the oellar and disco vered him at his supper of potatoes and salt, " He's the tormint of onr lives. What a quiet paoible family we'd be but for him." I looked in the direotion indicated and saw a curly head protruding from two legs and a band belonging to others of the Bleeping family. The owner waB sound asleep, and had a fresh, plump face. This terrible Bcoundrel of the family seemed about three years of age. " That little lad," I exolaimed. " Why, he's only a baby!" "A baby?" cried John, with a look of pity. "He's three year old and more, Yet that doesn't look muoh, but it's my belief he's an owld man in disguise," and the rueful solemnity with which John advanced this peculiar theory made me laugh heartily. " Never been out of mischief since the honr he was born. I don't believe be belongs to me—he must be soma fairy child that's been smuggled in on ua. What he'll be when he'a a man, the Lord only knows. He'll go wrong, av ooorse, and get hanged—there's nothing Burer than that." "He aeema quiet enough juBt now," I re marked, "Ye think so?" cried John, with energy, "Why, now in his sleep he's planning misohief, He can't even keep his own place in tha bed. Just look at this now," and to illustrate John rose and dressed np the position of the hall-strangled curly one by reBouing his bead from among the legs and allotting it ifta fair Bhare of the pillow of rags. Almoat at onoe the onrly one shifted back, dived his head under the legs, and got knitted np among them into an intrioate Gordian knot--sleeping soundly all the while. "Ye see, I towld ye bo!"said Oaakey, re suming his potatoes in despair. " How often the mother an' me wishes somebody 'ad stale him—some man that didn't know what a divle he is! We could do with a dozen if it wasn't for him." OaBkey's wages was only about fourteen shil lings a week, and how that family of twelve were supported off that is one of the mysteries of political economy; but it waB done in honesty, and what is more curious the family were all healthy. Epidemics swept over the city and left many vaoant places in the homes of the rich, but quite passed over Oaakey's obscure cellar, " Ye see, we're out of all the bad air down here," John explained to me one evening over bis pipe, and thongh I could not agree with him, it was quite clear that his family throve there like mushroomB. One day I passed a place where Oasfcey w»3 busy mixing lime, when he beckoned to me with great glee, and said— "We're to get rid of the villin of the family at last—little Mike—the curly- headed wan that you know." "Indeed! How? Is he to die?" Iaakedinno . cently. " Die, is it ?" he answered with a start aud'a dig into my ribs, " Is it the likes of him that'll ever die in his shoes ? No, its a lady that's going to adopt him, She doesn't know tha foine bargain Bhe'a getting, She saw him in chapel with me wan Sunday, and tuok a notion to his curly head. She doesn't know how ha howls and fightB when thim same curls has to be combed. She's a real lady, oh, there's no doubt about that. Mr. Haggerston's her name, and she has no children of her own, Faith, she'll find Mike as good as a whole family," and Cashey laughed himself sore over the pictured troubles of the kind lady who was to get tha "divvle," 38 he called hie early-headed son. There was also another aspect of the ohange -vhioh gave cause for rejoicing. Oaskey would be relieved of the feeding of one month—an im portant matter to a man with suoh a small wage \- and with another mouth expected. He was quite jubilant over the prospect, and delighted beyond measure that the lady's choice had fa hen on the black sheep of the family. - Had the choice fallen on any other Oaskey firmly declared that he never conld have brought him self to part with him, Not many dayB later I met Oaskey and asked if he had got rid of his son. His answer was rather evasive and reluctant, but I was given to understand that there was a hijoh in the proceedings, and the onrly-headed Mike waB still at home, tormenting them worse than eyer. " Did the lady find out his reputation and refuse to take him ?" I asked, with a demure and innocent look. " Oh, no; she'd have tuck him and willia'," said Oaskey, " but—but—bat—" " Ob, I-see, you couldn't find it in your heart to part with the divvle, as yon oall him, after all ?" "No, no, not that," protested John, with the most solemn emphasis, " but just—well, we couldn't think of palming such a divvle on any kind lady. It wouldn't be right or honest," ha gravely added, thinking he had successfully hoodwinked me, "You wouldn't have us decave the kind woman, would you ?" "No, nor deceive me either, John," I laugh- • ingly added. " You didn't want to part with Mike—that's the plain truth." " The very thing the lady said, sir," said John, as if quite surprised at our own obtruaa ness, " She made a great fuss over it, and was as angry as conld be at ns taking back our word. That's all the thanks we got for saving her from such a little villin." I saw I conld make nothing of the fond father, who had actually got the length of de ceiving himself, and so I left him, thinking I had heard the last of the subject. But one forenoon, not many days later, Caskey buret in on me at the station- house with all his smiles gone, his face aahy white, and his voice so choked with agitation that ha could scarcely get a word out. . " Oh, Mr. Holborn—Biir !—little Mike!" he gaBped, with great big tears creeping into his eyes and his horny hands working tremulously within each other, '■ Well, what of him 1 Is he hurt or ill ?'' " No, he's gone ! stolen!—the little divvle !" he groaned, wringing his hands and fairly bursting out into sobs. "Impossible. Who would steal him?" I soothingly answered. " He'll have wandered into the next street-perhaps be home by this time." "No, the whole place was up ten minita after he was gone He's Btolen, and I'll mebbe never see him again." I might have reminded that ho had wished that some one would steal the curly one, but I could not, His grief was too terrible and pitiful. I asked for detaiis of tha disappear ance, and these he proceeded to give in snatches. "The mother had just washed him and sat him out to the dure to plajr—he was always durtier than the rest, barrin' when he was clane— and then she put the pot on to boil and went out to look if he was" about. He was gone! and ebe'd scarce had time to wink an . eye. She expected to see him in some misohief, but she couldn't see him nowhere, He oonldn't. have gone so quick without being- oarried. She ran all round—in and out every where—but ha wasn't to be got. Then the neighbors helped her, and the half of the plaoe was up, but it waB no nee. They Bent for me, and I knew at wanBt who had tuck him." " Oh, you did? Then why did you need to come here?" the inspector and I asked in a breath, " Because the Bhay crocodile won t give him up," be cried with desperate energy. "She won't even show her face. Well, she knows it wouldn't be safe an' me in the state I am," "Oh. it's a woman, then?" "A woman, av coorse—when was there any gritf, or thrubble, or mischief, or wickedness tbat didn't spring from a woman? She calls herself a lady, too—the man-eating tiger ofjthe world—sure, -you've beard me spake of her. Mister Holborn—Mrs. Haggerston's her name. She wanted to adopt him, you remember, and wa3 mighty bad wbein we drew back our word and wouldn't let him go, The minit I got the news I ran to her house and axed to see her, as polite a- 1 could, though that wasn't muoh to beast of. But the servant said she'd gone away to the country and she didn't know when ahe'd be back or where she'd gone to. I would'nt belave en till she tuck me all through the . house and showed me everything turned upside dowD, for the lady was just gone. Av ooorse she was, and she's got poor Mike with her. Ochone; if I don't get him baok I may lay my head in the grave!" He bad often said tbat Mike would put hia head there all covered with grey hairB, thongh they were now red as bricks, exoept when sprinkled with lime—but I did not remind him of the fact. "Ob, if I conld just clap my eyes on tha sweet little divvlelthis minit, wouldn't I be the happy man!" he wailed, wringing his bands. "The house without him iB like a big.tomb without ere a ghost to keep it lively." "And you called.him a villain,, and the nuisance of the family?" I remarked with a smile- ' • " He'a the only wan I've agrain oi love lo.vi wae the conflicting answer, 41 If she'd only ctole wan of the other yonng spalpeens, she'd have got leave to keep him" andwelkim; pat poor Mike! Now, Master Holborn, you're the .man to get him back and follow the jade to the inds of the earth. Help ub like a good Fowl, and we'll never forget you, and pray for you day an' night as long aa we live," It is astonishing how the estimate of one's abilities rises when one's help is wanted, I have frequently remarked that when I waa wanted to undertake something that no one else cared to face, However, Gaskey did not need to appeal so piteoaaly to me, for in truth I had got to like little Mike, who was a perfect little Trojan for bravery and spirit, and had insisted one day on me handcuffing him and marching him to the station-house, I obeyed him by snapping one bracelet on both his small wrists and leading him along by the other. He stood it all bravely, and got treated to sweets all round in the muBter-room before I took him back. " Go with him to the house and see what the lady meanB," was the order passed to me by the inspector, so Caskey and I set off together. I am not a Blow walker at any time, and was not inclined to loiter on thiB occasion, but Caskey nevertheless groaned over getting along so Blowly, He would have run if I had been inclined to imitate him, The house was a nice, self-contained one, in .a quiet street about a mile from the station house; but when we got to it it .wasn't a quiet street by any meanB. We could hear the up roar long before we entered it, and saw what .was the canse, A rabble had assembled in front of Mrs, Haggerston's house, and were there shouting and gesticulating, and throwing .etones at the windows undismayed by a police man who stood guarding the front door, Ths rabble .were moBtly women, and those of the poorest class; and it was not long before I dis covered and recognised many of them to be denizens of the alley in which OaBkey lived, In front of the mob was a frenzied woman with bare arms and dishevelled hair, who wa3 \- shaking her bet in the policeman's face, and shouting— " Give me my little Mike 1 I'll have him though I've to walk over your dead body to get at him!" OaBkey seemed to recognise 'the woman with difficulty, for at last he clutched my arm and said— "Saints, preserve us all, That's Bridget, my wife!'' We pushed to the front and'soon learned the truth. The report had gone abroad in the alley that Mike bad been kidnapped and con veyed to the house of a lady who refused to give him up, and hence this eruption of Judiths, A number of the windows ware already smashed, and we found the only occu pant of the house to be a servant girl, who was cowering and trembling in a back room in dread of instant death, By pretending to make a rush on Caskey's wife and arresting her we soon scared away the voluble crowd, and then I was free to question the scared servant girl, she could not tell whither her mistress had gone, though she admitted that Mrs. Hagger ston had a reason for getting out of the way and leaving no address behind her, "What was her reason? Gome, now, yon must tell me unless you wish to wear these," and I took out a pair of handcuffs, which I had ' not the slightest intention of using on that pale slip of a girl, but which, nevertheless, had the desired intimidating effect. "Well, I suppose I must," Bhe tearfully answered. "It's her brother she doesn't want to be bothering her," •" Her brother ? What do you mean ?" I had a strong suspicion that the girl was conaooting the Etory as she went along, and yet her look was truthful enough, "Her brother comes here often, and bullies and frightens her, knowing that she hasn't a husband now toiprotect her." continued the girl earnestly, "He drinks like a fish, and always comeB to frighten money out of her," M Are you quite sure you don't know where she's gone to ?" " Quite—certain sure, air," answered the girl, "MiBeiB said to me, 'No, Jane, I'm not going to say where I'm goirg, and then no one can frighten my address out of you} and you . mustn't let anyone into the house, and if I'm long away yon shall hear from ine,1 That was all she said, sir," I stood .looking at the girl in silence. She was very pale and excited, but that might not arise from a consciousness of falsifying. " Did your mistress take a child with her I at last asked, keeping my eyes on the girl's face. "I can't tell, sir, I mean I don't know whether she would or not: It wasn't quite eettled whether she was to take it with her or not." " She went from here in a cab, I suppose, Well, you must know if she had a child in th-3 cab with her ?' "She hadn't, bat I understood -though I may be wrong-' tbat Bbe was to see something about the child before Bbe went to the station. Perhaps Bhe meant to take it with her. She se'dom told me anything about her afi'iira," * " What station was she to go from ?" The girl could not tell. She had no idea whether her mistress's destination was north 0 - south; but she believed that Mrs. Hugger s .on was only away to look for another place to 1 ye id, secure from the terrifying visits of her riscaily brother. As soon as that was settled the London house was to bs given up and the furniture removed to the new residence, All this news was* eagerly devoured by Oaskey and his wife, aDd though it was tantalising it : was also comforting, Their first suspicions were confirmed, They had been certain from the first, they declared, that Mrs, Haggerston had stolen the child, possibly under some im pression tbat, it having been promised to her, she had a right to take it, " Do you think you'll find the Jezebel out ?" was the pitiful and anxious query of the mother to me. I did not wish to send the poor mother home to days and nights of grief and sleepless ness. so I promptly said— "Yea—there was nothing more certain— I would find Mrs, Haggerston within the week." " Will she be hanged when she's got ?" asked Caskey. " Hanging's too good for her," Haid his wife, with a wild cleaving of the air at an imaginary cap and ribbons. I assured them that though the outrage would not be punished by outrage, as in olden times, it would be crushing enough to a lady, and would certainly consist of imprisonment. They did not tell me that they had Bigned a paper giving over Mike to Mrs, Haggerston for the natural term of his existence, and that therefore in the eyeB of the law that lady had a perfect right to steal him, or I should not have been bo ready with the assurance. That, however, was but a trifiiDg matter in the after development of the case. We were all reason ing and reckoning very comfortably upon a supposition, It never Btruck us that we might be building our strong house upon a foundation cf sand. The.Caskey8 went home greatly comforted, if Etill incensed, for they admitted to me that they had not the slightest fear of the child being badly treated; on the contrary Mrs. Hagger stou, they aEBured me, would fairly eat un the child with kindness. In the front parlor of the house wa3 a por trait in oil of a very pleasing- faced lady, with blac-k curls and high cheek bones—a decidedly Irish cast o! features. I was told that it repre sented Mrs. HaggerBton, and was " like as life," eo I took a good look at the portrait and prepared for my work, I could get no trace of her at any of the stations, and rashly concluded that she had not left London. The servant expected to hear from her mistress, however, and I set a watch on the hense and letters. The second or third day one was handed in, beating the Scarborough postmark. I followed the letter into the house, bnt the latter revealed less than the post mark, MrB, Haggerston merely said that she was well and had arrived safe, and would look about her for a little. She then gave some commonplace directions regarding^the work of the house, and so concluded her note. I was so delighted at discovering the clue that I could not forbear Bending a message to the Casksys that I was going north, and pretty sure to bring back with me the little Mike. I got to Scarborough the same night, but did nothing, I never expeoted the lady to give be» real name in the place, ox I might have found her with much less trouble. Next fore noon I Bpent in wandering about, and at length od the Promenade I sighted a lady the very ' counterpart of the portrait I had been shown, and followed her to one of the hotels. She remained in only long enough to get her parasol, and passed out again just as I was passing in. I asked the waiter who she was, and he quickly answered that her name was Haggerston, and that she was a widow with one child. "Where iB the child now?'' was my eager question, \- The man did not know, bnt he would ask, He returned saying tbat the child was upstairs being dressed for a walk by the nursemaid who accompanied Mrs. Haggerston—would I like to Bee it 1 I assented and wob led upstairs, where, after waiting in the sitting-room for some minutes, the nursegirl and child were led in before me, I got a horrible shock, The child was curly headed, it is true, but it was not a bit like little Mike; in fact—I blnsh yet over the confession—it waBnot a little lad at all, but a girl! I think I looked idiotic for a minute, but I felt worse, for I ma thinking of the poor father and mother of Mike, who had such unbounded confidence in my powers, and would be so joy fully expeoting me to bring the curly head back with me, •' Are you sure that this is Mrs, Haggeraton'B chjld ?" I said to the girl. '"Only an adopted child, Bir,"was the girl's reply, and then she explained that ehe herself was newly engaged and knew, little of the lady's affaire. " I thought it was a boy," I hopelessly ob served^ "Oh no, sir; at least," she added with a ' charming little smile, " at least it's always been I a girl since I vent with her to faring it away op in London." ... I was done. I bad come ail that distance on a false scent, I felt fnrioua, yet I could blame no one but myself. My own Btapidity bad done it all, and waB I to "face the unhappy parents and tell them all? I felt frightened, shivery, and cold, ready to elide down into my own boots, in shams and confusion, I sent out for MrB Haggereton, and when Bbe arrived explained all. The gojd laly ex pressed the tenderest sympathy and concern, Bhedding tears freely, and promptly offered to return to the metropolis with me and do all in her power to console the parents and assist in tracing the loafc child. She knew nothing of it; had not seen or heard of it from the time when the parents relented and drew back their promise regarding the adoption of Mike. Every word of the lady bore the impress of truth and sincerity, I telegraphed to my superiors the failure o! my journey, and advised swift search in the metropolis and in the river for the missing child. At the same time I advised that the news should be broken bb gently as possible to the parents. My reason for the last advice was not so much to dissipate their false hopes »3 to shift the horrid task off my own shoulders. I would not have been present at that breaking of the news for a purseful of sovereigns, It was just as I expected, The mother went nearly mad, and in her frenzy abused me frightfully. I dare say I deserved it all, but the poor woman wbb scarcely responsible for her words. While I had been north at Scarborough Mao had been sent after an old gaol bird named Timothy Prole, about whose doings I was better acquainted than any one on the staff. I should have been sent for Prole myBelf if I had been in town; and none wondered more at the obange than the prisoner himself, He was even kind enough to aBk where I was and what had taken me north, When I got back I was told that Prole was urgently asking to see me, I had quite a list of caBes against him and ex pected his next sentence to be a heavy one, " You'll be bringing the tea warehouse affair against me, I suppose?'' he cautiously began, In reality I was not certain if we should tor the evidence on that case was poor, but I re plied that it was not unlikely. "Because I know something of that kid. that's lost, and I shouldn't mind telliog it if you promise to drop the tea warehouse biui ness." I took Borne time to decide, and then inti mated to him that if his news amounted to anything we should drop the tea affair. He accepted the vague promise—he could not better himself by refusing — and then said— "I saw a kid answeiing the description taken into a publio house a good mile and a half from where be was lost. He said his name was Mike. A fellow named Dabble had him, He'd picksd him up on the street. While he was there a beggar came in and aBked whose he was. Dobble says, 'Mine, but I'll sell him to you for 'arf-a crown and a glass of stout.' The beggar hadn't no more'n a ohillin', but he gave thatrand we had glasses round, and that was the laet I Baw of him." This news did not amount to much. Indeed, I may candidly confess that I deemed the whole a clumsy fiction. It seemed to me extremely improbable that a beggar should risk buying a child in that fashion and be unknown by name to a rascal like Prole, He did not know the beggar's line, nor his name, nor the place be hailed from, but he thought he had heard the man Bay that he and his female com panion intended to go to the Derby, and that they wanted the child for that great turn-out. The Derby was now over, but there was a chance of some of the disreputable crowd still lingering in the locality, so I ordered a machine and took the road, All the way I met strag glers making their way to the metropolis, some with stands, some with handcarts, and Borne with nothing but three cards and a like number of thimbleB and pea. One of these last about the sharpest man I know haunting racecourses—I Btopped, in Bpite of his earnest assurance that he was in a great hurry and bad a most important engagement in the city. When he learned that 1 was only after some information, and not after him, he became chatty and cheerful. He had seen such a pair of beggars on the course, with just a child as I described Mike to b9, and he believed that I would find them in a certain group not much further ou, close to the race course, I drove on slowly, put up my horse, ar,d made my way towards the course. On the way I approached a lounging couple, who no Eooner sighted me than they nudged a dirty little wretch at their feet, and he at ones started up and approached me with tli3 words — " A penny, please 2" But before he bad quite_ finished the child clapped his hands and exclaimed— " Mitta Holborn ! Mitta Hoiborn !" Hooked at the little wretch dumbfounded and quite at a loss to understand his glee, His hair was cropped close to bis head; he was clothed in rags that barely covered* him, and was so dirty that I could not possible decide what his features were like. The little beggar, howc-ver, settled the matter in his own way, by holdice up his wrists, as he had done once before, and saying— " Take me to the station-house with oor handcuffs on." The grinning little blackamoor was Mike, the curly-headed lost one. His proprietors were anxious to be off, and as tbe woman was a perfect tiger I had to get help from some Btrsgglers to secure them both, I drove back to the city as soon as I could have the horse yoked, taking them with me, but I first sent eff a telegram to Mike's mother, which con sisted simply of the words, " Mike found—all well." I question if any message among the millions which have been Bent from that place was ever received with more rapture. For their queer purchase of contraband goo^s the beggars got six months with hard labor. Mike was looked after by Mrs. Haggerston, and i"b not now looked upon as the villain of the family. Indeed he is the ouly one of them that has ever besn heard of since. Next Week— TBE CLOCK WINDER'S QUEER ROB BERIES. 