PHTf 111/1111 \j11A 1 . THE nimble manner iu which one of Hie South Melbourne p'ayers wriggled hU wuy round his opponents at the footb.ll match on Siturday last reminds one of the permanent premier idiots upon our stall' of a wellknown kind of tobacco, He declares that it wai /Sam f'i Tw A Colonial Qiiarteily Ilt'i-inti is to be started in London at the beginning of next year. Oue of the gentlemen interested iu the venture is Mr. J. A. i f ioude, the historian and author of Oceana, who was out here a few years ago and wrote an mount of Australia as seen through champagne glasses from the diUlrent Government Houses of the colonics. It was as amusing iu it* way as the " -irahian Nights," and almost as reliable, 11, as wc suppose iB prob- Mr. t'roude v/ill write some of his Australian reminiscences for the Colonial- Qutirtrrly Jterirw it should be worth a shilling „ „ of aDy returned ^ygJ,', a.lia 11s nioncv Tiie following notice anpeBrel in the He.nU other evening:-—"The Social Science Ulub make a three-days' trip to the Black Spur, commencing on the 15th of August. Students who intend to go are requested to communicate with the secretary before the iith August. The expenses will be about Hi ' Social scieuce is certainly rather a dry Bubject, but £'2 seems a lot • f money to spend iu liquor notwithstanding, 'Tins little item appears in Saturday s Daily Tt/i <jra/)h :—" Juliet Carson has the chair of eooking and household economy in Rutgear's Female College. The coll girls say she carries her kitchen in her bonnet, and can make soup with a watercress and a match.'' Well, we cau't see very much to blow about so far as the soup is concerned, •luliet cannot take out a patent for it. At BOIIIC Melbourne restaurauts they have been makiDg the beif-saine soup for yeirs -without the watercresi. Aruoi'os of Saturday next:— Actor, Author, Manager, Producing your own plays, George Darrell, you have tumbled Upon true halcyon days Since Williamson and Garner liehind yon have got; For as they find the sugar, Yours is " The Lucky Lot." FROM the A'/e ••— /"iHlllsrUN men wanted to play iu Evangelistic vj ItraSB BaudT Total abstainers, too, of course. will be applicants, and that they will get on well enough for a week or two. Then they will break up with aloud noise, and a frightful smell of rum. As one of tliem informed us in confidence once, "You cau't blow the cornet foiever on weak tea." Nor beat the big drum either, for that matter IT has been sug^'ed that if the Totalisator be taken up by the \ .HC, the latter should dt\ote H or 2 per cent, of the \ rulils to a charitable fund. A happy thought. Hut why not let the VR.C. start a charitable fund on its own account with the money? It_the fund-might be called l^e Fund to provide passage money to Other 1'arts !or young men who have not succeeded iu spotting the Cup winner—rather a long title, hut it would soon be condensed into the Skipping Fund or some other euphemism . , : „, of „r a „ similar similar Mini. kind It It woum would supply sunnlva a long-felt waut, at any late FUQM the A;/e :— rPENOK. trained, good range, tvUhoB to hear of opening. He speaks of his voice , as if it were , a ..-- gun. , Probably it is quite as dangerous .. when it is _ loaded. , , We know au old lady at Abbotsford who is in great is a cv,ance for the tenor. The old lady iB a widow, Ijy.t^e-A'ay He may easily (iud her by going out fur the old lady who has to Abbottfnrd, and aski iost a cu.t. We expect the usual commission if anytiling comes of this. ,j,HE Melbourne small boy may justly claim that lie was not behind th* door when the attribute called in the vulgar tongue "cheek" wat given nut At that uraud distribution of Belf -coufidence ,, • „,,,.„,,/ np„,ilni. W4S certainlv in the front the JJcrala newshoy was certainly in ir ut rank. In witness whereof the following incident may be quoted. On Saturday afternoon two stalwart gentlemen were standing at the entrance to the Prince's Hridge station when a diminutive urchin pestered thAigger of the two to buy an evening paper. A refusal only caused the human shiimtl to become more pertinacious in his effort to do business to ihe extent of a copper « No no, no 1 I tell you,' angrily replied the gentleman, ' or I'll box your ears.' loin Thumb looked up in liauehtv scorn as, (retting out of arm's reach, he replied : " Vah, yer pretty cocky on it now you've L'Ot vour mate with you, but you Jjust wait till I get h , ,1 you alone, that s all. Vaet TIIE following telegram from Hairnsdale appeared in tiie columns of the Standard the other evening : —" A fire occurred at the Commercial Hotel this morning, and cauBtd considerable damage. A disastrous conflagration, which would have demolinhed half a block of wooden buildings, was averted through a ghost story being connected with an unoccupied shop adjoining. Several persons were waiting up to lay the ghost, and detected a smell of fire. The brigade soon arrived and prevented much damage beiug done b-yond gutting the bar parlour." Fancy putting a ghost out with a fire-engine I It isn't hard to imagine wlieie that ghost came from, but the incident hears rather hardly <111 the reputation cf the gentleman who owned the ghest. 