.MELBOURNE PHILHARMONIC ' SOCIETY. THE REDEMPTION. This great work, tho Bret of tho only two oratorios of Gounod, was composed for tho Bir mingham Mimical Festival, iu 1882. Tho aim and scope of tho work, as stated by tho composer in his commentary, aro to set forth the three groat facts on which depends tho existouco of the Christian church. Theso factB aro : — 1. Tho passion and death of the Saviour. 2. His glorious life ou earth from his Resurrection to his Ascension. 3. Tho spread of Christianity in the world through the mission of the Apostles. Theso thrco parts of the present Trilogy are preceded by a prologue ou tho Creation, tho Fall of Our First Parents and tho I'romiso of a Redeemer. Thogcneral formof thowork, liketbe Passions-Musik of Bach, is that of a more or less continuous narration of incident in recitative, interspersed with airs, choruses and concerted pieces. As in tho work of tho older composer, chorales aro an important feature in the ora torio. The prologuo opens with an instrumental number of no great length descriptive of chaos ; to this follows a recitative for tho two narrators, in which tho incident of the Creation and tho Fall are set forth. A highly original passage for tho basB narrator in which tho voico ascends gradually by semi-tones from E to B, the accom paniment, consisting throughout of augmontal triads, may he noticed. In tho third part of the prologuo a Celestial choir announces tho divine promise of a Kedooiner, the typical phrase associated throughout the work with Christ as Redeemer, beiug heard at the conclusion of the announcement. The Trilogy proper commences with a short recitativo .narrating tho condemna tion and sentence of Jesus ; to this succeeds an orchestral movement, illustrativo of tho maroh to Calvary. This is for a timo interrupted by the ohoralc Vexilia Regis, in whioh the holy women make lamentation at the mournful sight before them. After a brief passage for the bass narrator leading to an address from the Saviour, Ye Daughters of Israel, the maroh is resumed, this time iu conjunction with tho chorale, Tho story of the Crucifixion is told by tho narrators, whilo tho mocking of tho priests is answered by a short solo in which the Saviour prays for their sin to bo pardoned. The following numbers tell of Mary at the foot of tho Cross. A solo for Mary, While My "Watch I am Keeping, afterwards taken up by tho chorus singing in unisou, being set to the plain song of tho Stabat Slater ; tho incident of tho two thieves, tho death of Jesus, the d&rkuess;, tho earthquake, are all entrusted to the narrators, and a chorale, For Us tho Christ is Slado a Victim, concludes the first part. Tho second part treats of tho lifo of our Lord from His Resurrection _ to His Asconsion. A chorus, ex pressive of faith in tho Saviour's power to over come death, is followed by passages for tho narrator, the holy womon at tho sepulchre, and tho angel, who tells tho women to spread abroad to the disciples tho news of His Resurrection. The sceno in the Sanhedrin tolls how the chief priests bribed tho soldiers to say that Christ's body hail.beon stolen away by His disoiples. A very melodious trio, Tho Lord He is Risen Again, leads to a most charming soprano solo, From Thy Love as a Father. The story of the Asconsion is rolated by tho tenor narrator, anil then follows what may bo con sidered tho finest number in the whole work — the chorus, Unfold Yo Portals Everlasting — which brings the second part to a conclu sion. Both dramatically and musically this would appear the climax of the oratorio. Part III. opens with a chorus preceded by a short orchestral introduction ; to this succeeds a soprano solo, Yo Mountains. The descent of the Holy Ghost is told hy the two narrators, and a short solo in which the injunction is laid upon tho Apostles to preach the Gospel, leads to a fine hymn, The Word is Flesh Become. After a quartctt, Ho has Said to Ail, tho hymn is heard again, and to this succeeds the final chorus, Ho Like tho Holy Ghost, in which occurs the only ciamplo of polyphonic writing to be found in the work. Tho Redemption has been given before by the Philharmonic Society. The performance under uotice, though susceptible of considerable im provement in several particulars, can truthfully be called satisfactory upon the whole, and the rnlo forbidding applauso was more than onco in danger of violation. Mrs. Palmer, who under took tho soprano pari, sang as acceptably as ever, her most successful number boing tho solo and choruB From Thy Love as a Father, at tho conclusion of which the infringement of the rule referred to on the part of somo of the audi ence was most marked. Madame Christian was ovideutly suffering from indisposition, as she was unable to leavo her seat. The music she had to sing was small in quantity, and in herdelivery of it she hardly did herself justice, doubtloss owing to tho cause alluded to. Mr. Armes Beaumont showed, as was to be expected, excel lent declamatory power as the tenor narrator ; it is hard to over estimate the value of -this gentlemen's services in either opera or oratorio. Mr. . A. H. Geo, who sang tho baritone musio, may he congratulated on an admirablo performance, his solos, Yo Daughters of Israel, My God, My God, aud All Hail 1 Blessed aro Ye, being delivered with great earnestness and iu true musioianly stylo. Mr. Gladstone Wright made tho most of tho somewhat thankless musio allotted to the bass narrator, and in conjunction with tho two ladies named and Mr. Armes Beaumont is deserving of much credit for tho quartettes, Beside the Cross and By Faith Salvation Comes. The minor parts were filled with a moderate degree of efficiency. The most successful choruses woro, Ha ! Thou That Dost Declare, and, as has been mentioned, From Thy Love. In the chorale, Lord Jeeus, Tliou to All, thero was an uncertainty in the attaok ; the same re mark applios to tho chorus, Ho Has Said; moreover, in tho very important finalo chorus, tho small amount of contrapuntal writing in tho work suffered considerably at thoir hands. The Victorian Orchestra did their work well. The March to Calvary and the short interludo illus trativo of tho Holy Women at tho Sopulchro deserve mention. In the choruses, however, they were not infrequently overpowered by a too plentiful use of the organ. Tho latter instru ment was, moreover, not faultless at the com mencement of tho chorus, Saviour of Men. Mr. Peakc has apparently workod hard to achieve a good performance of the oratorio. His prin cipal fault is a tondency to drag the time, this being most noticeable in the orchestral interlude descriptive of the Darkness after the Crucifixion ; in othor respocts he showed caro and judgment in the control of his forces, and the performance, taken as a whole, was creditable both to him and to the Philharmonic Society. 