BISHOP GOE ON SOCIAL QUESTIONS. The following ia an extract from the ad dress delivered by Dr. Goe, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, at the opening of the Church Assembly on Monday : — Tbe general outlook on tbe state of the world at tbe present time eannot, I think, be regarded without ranch anxiety. The weird prophecy of De Tocqueville is being fulfilled before our eyes—" If the great questions of the beginning of this century were mainly politioal, those which will convulse tbe world at its close will be social." I bave to thank my brethren she clergy for the readiness with which they sap- ported the action which I felt it my duty to take in connection with the new Divorce Law. It most ever be a- painful duty for the church to refuse her concurrence with tbe law of the land ; especially must such a coarse be pain ful to one who, like myself, bas been during nearly the whole time of bis ministry in closest anion with our church at home, which is es'ablished on the highest taw, which supersedes the lower. " We ought to obey God rather than man." To my mind, our Lord Jeans Chris: never spoke more clearly and dis- tinc'.ly than he does in this speech, and every Christian must obey, whatever the consequences wh'ch may ensue. If the social war which now rages in Australia were confined to these colonies there woul-1 be l-ss gr-.u >d for nppre- bension, but it is bring csrricd on in the United Kingdom and in the Unit' d Sta'es of America wiib more or less of intensity. Amongst our selves how rapidly it has grown ! It seems but vestenlay since there arose a little cloud out of the se', like a man's head (die dismissal of the fireman in the Gorinna), and lo ! the heaven is block with clouds. The present retatioos between employers and employed eeem to mc to point to a dissolution, or to a re construction, sooner or later, of thu existing social fabric. The very meaning of terms em- ' loyed in tbe discussion of the labour question las undergone nn ominous change. Take the expression of "free labour." Lord Brassey's book on "Work and Wages," published about eighteen years ago, begins with tbe following eentenos : — " Tbe recognition of tbe rights of free labour came late in the history of tbe world. Neither the Greeks nor tbe Romans recognised the liberty of labour." Now, on a farther examination of tbe chapter in which these words occur you find that by free labour the author means " the right of combination for the purpose of obtaining better, terms for labour." On the other band, in a leading article In the Arptu of Thursday last, we read tiros : — " It is felt amongst the em ployers that nothing practical can be done until tire Union leaders have returned an answer to the essential and all-important question as to whether they will recognise free labour." Ia fact, whereas a few years ago free labour signi fied the right to combine, now it signifies tbe right not to combine. Trades Unions having gained toleration and enojurag.-ment, and very properly eo, now assnme an aggressive attitude to those labourers who decline to join tbem, threatening them with injury to their employ ment if they persist In standing aloof. This is tyranny, ss it appears to me. Employers are free to choose non-Union labourers ; and labourers are. free to join a Union or not, as they please. AU men are justified in lifting np voices against tyranny, whether the tyranny be that of Nero or of a Trades-Union. At the same time, it met not be forgotten that that which lies at tbe root of these troubles is tbe selfish ness of the human heart, and selfishness is not confined to any one class of society. The success of Trades-Unions most, in tbe long run, be de pendent on the prosperity of their employers ; and yet tbe language used by the Unions too often implies thst the interests of the two are not only not Identical, bat opposed to each other. The representative of one powerful union said, speaking of the masters, " Then want the greatest profit, tee the highest wages." On the other hand, we look back oo the past history of the relations between capital sod labour, we can scarcely fail to trace present tionbles, in a great measure, to tbe worship of private pro- pert; ou the part at tbe moneyed classes. That private properly is, in a sense, lawful cannot be denied ; otherwise there oonld he no place for the eighth commandment. But when men make private property their ; raven image ; when they fall down onto t and worship it, and pray nnto it, end say, deliver me, for tlron art my god ; when they nsed it chiefly for self-gratification and self -aggrandisement, show no sympathy with others— such conduot as this fills tbe hearts of the masses with discontent, envy, and mslioe. it is altogether contrary to trie spirit and genius of Christianity. Jesus Christ, its founder, had no private property and His fishermen willingly surrendered what little they had tor His sake. The whole eurreot of His teaching runs counter to the doctrine that every one has the right to do what he likes with his own. Wo know what the immediate effect of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost was upon the holders of irivate property. But let no one assert that lecause that particular effect wes temporary it wee therefore a failure. It was not a failure ; it asserted In a conspicuous manner the attitnde of Christianity towards 7— e-"--v. and tbe taason has never been wholly forgotten by the church. On what ground, then, msy yon call your land or yonr money your own ? The Christian answer to this ques tion iH plain. Tou may call these things yoors, because the Great Proprietor above has con stituted you, and you alone, the trustee of hem, tbe steward and caretaker of them. This ta the only suco.r -« —frjArriuD recognized in the Kingdon of Heaven. Your property is yo.._, because yon have a personal responsibility for the disposal of it, which none can share with yon ; it is yonre, because from you, and from none beside, your Lord will hereafter demand en account of the use which you have made of it. There are many Christian men, thank God, owners of property, who do thus recognise the responsibilities of wealth — men whose examples and inflnenee shed a perpetual benediction upon the world round them ; and if all resembled them it would perhaps be too much to say that there would hare been no strikes, but it maybe said that there wonld bare been no ground for them. What shall he the end of these things none can tell ; but I am persuaded that the hearty practi cal adoption of Christian principles in their bearing open the vast 6ocial,questions which now convulse the world is the only remedy for pre sent troubles 