MISCELLANEOUS READINGS^ SIb walteh Scott 6aid that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and pcace. The Johns of Histoby.—It is remarkable that many of the historical persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in their lives or in their deaths. England has had but a single King John, and he was one of the meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. John Baliol sometime King of Scotland, was just as poor spirited and contemptible. Of the twenty- three Popes John, three died in jail; two were murdured; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of the seven Emperors of the East (Constantinople) called John, one was poisoned; another blinded; a. third was monarch lit name only; and a fourth gave Up the throne owing to his worries. Plenty of other instances ctmia be' quoted to show that this name, in connection with royal power, has been singularly unhappy for many of the wearers of it. Effect of a "Weix-Tot-d Tale on a Child's Sensibilities.—Xo thing appeals so strongly to the imagination, the sensi- | bililies, tlie moral nature of a child, as a well-told tale. They rebel against what is ; commonly called "preaching," but the greatest rebel of tliein all will yield to the softening influences of a tale that carries its lessons with it. Is not tbat enough? But the story does more. It broadens their views, cultivates their finer feelings, destroys selfishness, teacbes them to appreciate their relations -Kith others, and planes down the rough places that would fill their lives -with friction. This much it does to them morally. A young milid must have recreation as ■frell as a young body. The story brightens and refreshes it, brushes array the cobwebs that will gather even a£ a tender age, and fits it to return with new vigour to its more serious work. More than that, it adds to the child's information by acquainting him or her with certain phases of life, with manner's aild customs that are not taught by mere history. By all mean3, then, let the children read stories. In the TwisxitETii Centijtzy.—In the home, the cdolqug stove arid kitchen maid are no more. Clothes-making, soap- making, starch-making, laundry work, coffee-browning, yeast-making, butter-making—all are gone. Send after them—or rather say that organised industry is already taking along with these—the remaining work of cooking and cleaning. This state of things is coming ils stlre iis fats, and when it comes the deliverance will be so great that generations yet unborn shall rise up to bless the workings of this beneficient law. The city of the future will not build houses in 1 squares, giving to every house an individual kitchen and prison-like back yard. It ■will ratlier build them all around an open square, and the part now disfigured with the kitchen will bo given over for a household sitting-room of nursery, opening into a great, green space, where children shall play in safety and through which the free i air of heaveti shall blow into the houses surrounding it. In every square will be found a scientifically constructed building containing a iaiiiidry and a great kitchen, supplied with every modern appliance for skilled and scientific cookery, and also for sending into every dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. The individuality of the home and the home table will be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all be banished. The BABtLQNiAN Hotni.—Why are our hours alid dirilites divided into sixty parts ? Simply and solely because in Babylon therq existed, by the side of the decimal system of notation, another system, the sexagesimal, which counted by sixties. Why that number should have been chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well for tlie practical sense of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no number which has so many divisors as sixty. The Babylonian ■fray of reckoning time was carried along on the quiet stream of traditional knowledge through the middle ages, and, strange to say, it sailed down safely over the Niagara of the Ffeneli Revolution. For the French, -when revolutionising weights,; ineasures, cJoiiis. and dates, and subjecting j all to the decimal system of reckoning, j were induced by some unexplained motive j to respect our clocks and watches, and j allowed our dials to remain sexagesimal— j that is, Babylonian, eacli hour consisting of sixty minutes. Here you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how ■what we call knowledge is the result of an Unbroken tradition of a teaching descend' ing from father to son. Safety is Consulted.—The ljft, or elevator, in Germail houses is not 'displayed Ostentatiously. It is behind iron doors, to be detected Only by inspection, and is moved by clanking chains. Tlie deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing characteristic. You stand in the great hall of the hotel and silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of time. Present! v. from the unknown inte- ; rior, iron doors flyi operij and a soldierly- J looking servant, with brass buttons on Ills cap, preoccupied with liis responsibilities, steps forth with ati air of majesty. The doors dang as they swing, and tlie lift is there, rathet primitive, but elaborate in. construction. Perhaps there may be five passengers ready to get aboard. Wlien four have taken positions, the master of the elevator waves the fifth backward with the awful air of authority, and, if the rejected one is an American urgent to go up at once, he is told peremptorily that there are places " only for four." The iron doors are banged, the engines heave, and the inassive machine moves. Safety is consulted! Here is a masterly mechanism that might swing a pair of elephants of the size of Jumbo, but an attempt to lift at once more than four persons would be regarded as an affront to the empire. The tiling's impossible. C a ~rt T*. of ifiis FingUb If ails.—tf carefully attended to, the delicate half moon of the finger'nail will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, will groflr to be very beautiful. Maiiy neonltt thiilit that nushms- the skin back from tlie nail will show it more, and by this practice tlie delicate liem, as we call it, which holds the upper and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and the ends of tlie fingers hare an ugly, yellow growth encircling: the nail instead of the delicate framework which nature intended. Theft tlie way in which the nail is cut can totally change the shape of the fingers. By cutting the nails close at the sides and keeping tlie corners from adhering to the skin, hang-nails can he avoided. Where the nails are thin atid inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary, and the nails should never be polished except when some oily substance is used beside the powder. This keeps the nails more pliable, and no matter how tliin they are, if properly treated, they arc no more liable to break than richer ones. Another thing that is bad for the nails is polishing them too roughly, They should be lightly touched and not rubbed until they become heated. This is one cause of white spots coining on the nail and marring its beauty. Life in Labhador.—The number of stockings mm by the people is often astounding. Four, live, and sometimes a half dozen are used inside their sealskin boots. There is nothing striking about the dress of the few white women save that they remind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts of the women of Irisli Conncmara. But the Indian women of the south and the Eskimo women of the north are wonderfully apparelled. Anything they can get their hands upon possessing gorgeous colour is used for decoration. They almost equal American women in this respect. Perhaps this is more noticeable among the women of the St. Lawrence coast than with the northern Eskimos. The dress of the latter usually consists of huge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering the whole person from the neck to the knees, trimmed with white fur, a cap enveloping the entire head, and a sort of baggy cape or hood banging down the back, in which their fat little babies, are carried. Only among the half-breed women are there forms and faces that are as attrctive as civilized folk judge these things. The compensation is here, however; for nearly all Kskimo women will measure in girth what they will in height; and all forms of fat represent the Labradorian idea g£ both utilitv and beauty. 