AN IMPUDENT PLAGIARISM. In the Courier of November IS, 1885, we published a; poem entitled ■" Man's Life," accompanying #hich were these ; introductory remarks The following poem was often quoted by President Lincoln. It is related by F. B. , Cabpenteb, the artist, that while engaged' in painting Mr. Lincoln's ! portrait at the White House the President said to him one evening— " The poem has been a great favorite with me for years. The beauty of it at once struck me, and I learned it by I heart. I would give a great deal to know who wrote it, but never have been able to ascertain." The piece in question is a familiar one> and begins as follows :■— Oh 1 why should the apirit of mortal be proud ? Like a swift-flitting meteor, a fa»t-flying cloud, A flash of 'the lightning, a break of the wave, .Man passes from life to -his rest in the grave. Now Abbaham Lincoln was born on February 17, 1809, and the period during which be was a " ydung man " may fairly he set down as being between 1825 and 1840—from his sixteenth to his thirty-first year. I£ then, Lincoln learned the poem at some time during that period, it must now be at the very least 50 years old, and in all probability have been composed considerably over half a century ago. . What was our surprise, however, on opening the Southern Argus (Strathalbyn) of the 10th inst. to find, under the heading of " Musings," a poem identical—except in a few lines which have been ludicrously spoiled by being altered—with that so dear to the American President, and signed " W. Jones, M.R.C.S.," and dated " Strathalbyn, July 6,1890." All but eight of the 50 lines of the poem are the same as those published in the Courier nearly five years ago, and for the delectation of our readers we give the stanzas which have been so impu lently and ignorantly altered and been io grotesquely marred in the process. Che text is as given in the Southern' irgus, and the italicised words are ihose which appear in the original in. the place, of the ones immediately];above them -■ '>'• ■ '-:J The hand of the mason thatvhis apron had borne, king the ecepire The brow of the clergy that the mitre had' worn, priest <■.. The eye of solicitor, and the heart of the brave, the sage Are hidden and lost in the depths of the grave. The farmer whose lot was to sow and to reap, peasant'•'* 'V v""?' The shepherd who climbed with 'his vheep to • herdsman ■ thesteep, •' "goats'" The swagman who wandered in search of his beggar bread, Have fbded away like the grass that we tread. The Conncil who bashed in Strathalbyn's good living, . The saint toho enjoyed the communion o/\ heaven, ' \ The sinner who dared to:remain unforgiving, ■■ Qiiforgiven The wise and the foolish, the guilty and just, Have quietly mingled their bones in the dost. Oh, why should the spirit of mortal be proud indeed, when a fellow-mortal can so barbarously distort the words of an unoffending poet! The line where the town councillors of Strathalbvn are put in the stead of the heavenly saints— and, indeed, the fact of the bold attempt being made to palm such a standard poem upon the public as his own—would give one the impression that M.R.C.S. Jones is possessed of a fine sense of humor. He goes too far; however, when, not content with parodying- a few' lines of another man's-poetry, he inserts the remainder -of the poem as originally published, and then calmly declares him self to be the author. It is almost provocation enough to cause the ghost of President Lincoln—who in life felt sueh: an anxious wish to discover the author ship of his favorite linco; -'to rise in j righteous indignation at the would- be imposition of the Strathalbyn Jones I j A more impudent and glaring case' of] plagiarism has never come under our j notice, and its perpetrator rightly de-' serves the ridicule and.. contempt..which j literary pirates receive. , 