"OAST-IRON KIT." " BY ONE OP THE CROWD " ia the London Daily Telegraph. Only that it ¡a plainly enough painted-" up over the entrance-gate that is a "Home, for Orphan Boys," a strauger passing that way and catching sight of "Cast-iron Kit"' stumping about tho railed-in gardens by which the building is surrounded might marvel as to the kind of institution he had come in view"" of. The first vague idea might be that, .it had some conuection with the army or nary, until he bethought him that the progeny of soldiers and sailors are not permitted to enter the ranks, or .to ship pn board her Majesty's war vessels, while they are as yet of tender age, and that wooden legs and blind- eye patches are not hereditary. The agB" or Cast-iron Kit is but'little more than seven. Still' he has a " timbertoe, and his left visual organ is slightless, and when .he removes his cap there is revealed on t ie eide"of his bullet-shaped cranium a broad scar, barren of hair, and showing plainly in hil close-trimmed carrotty crop: Norjbas Kit the plump and, increased visage'of one who had attained bat a third 'of his majority. On the contrary, he has the look of one who has been in the wars, wary and preternaturally wide-awake .in his one eye; aud he has a monkeyish mobility of mouth, suggestive, of tobacco chewing and deft expectoration.. Prase, > * him in habiliments ef the pattern of those of a Greenwich Pensioner, and it would not seem impossible that he had fought with gallant Howe, and sailed with noble Jervis, and shrank to his pre« sent dimensions through sheer old age. But, as already intimated, Kit's age-is only seven, and the various scars and mutilations that confer on him a resem- blance to a lilliputian man-o'-war's-man have resulted merely from common-place and vulgar accident in tho course of his as'yet brief but undeniably eventful career* It cannot be denied, however, that he dis- tinguished himself at as early an age as any one child in tan thousand. Before he was three days old ho haunted a house, and was the cause of much consternation in a highly respectable family. From thia it might seem that the circumstances attended Kit's birth were of a romantic character. It did not extend, to- a fairy m godmother being present at his birth. The shameful fact was that Kit's father was nobody's husband, aud his mother a betrayed and guilty, but by no means heartless,, servaut-of-all-work at Balham hilL" It" was « large old-fashioned house, aud there resided au old bachelor and his spinster sister, and they had no idea of a impending increase in the family. The miserable young mother, who, so far as baby-clothes went, had prepared for the event, kept her secret np to the time, and even after the child was born, and hid it away in a dreary room, that had never been used since the bachelor's brother had died there, several years before, lt may have been that there were circum- stances connected with that demise that accounted for the chamber being after- wards shut np. and deserted. Be that as it may, the desperate servant-girl, having by chance discovered a key that fitted the lock, bestowed her hapless bautling there, and visited it surreptitiously to administer to ita wants. But such a condition of affair could not, of course, loug continue. The child's occasional crying soon reached the ears of the master and mistress. It passed unuoticed during the daytime, but was heard, not distinctly, but in fitful muffled waitings, in the stillness of night ; and When everybody was a bed the dis- turb Jig sounds were supposed to proceed from some cat that by accident had got hut io a cupboard or closet, and in search of it the master of the house made many vain nocturnal explorations, until at fought hé traced the nneartldy noises to the shut-up room, the door of which, as far as he knew, had not been opened since the funeral, and the key of which had hover been out of hie» possession. It does not follow that because he exhibited nervousness on this occasion he was not ordinarily a courageous man. He called up his sister to listen, and for the same purpose he called up the servant Bridget, who you may be sure, since she slept in au adjoining room, did not require much waking. Luckily the odd noises had ceased, but the master was prepared to take oath that he had heard 'them there. White as a ghost herself, Bridget tried to make light of it. They had best make haste bw;k to their beds. There was nothing amiss. She had heard the sound, herself a' dozen times, and it wa« nothiug but the creaking of the cowl on the chimney-pot of the deserted room. She was sure and certain of it. " Would she take a candle and go iu and see," they asked lier,"" while they stood at the open door ?" But Bridget held back from this proposition. "She would go in iu the morning," she said, " but not at that un- godly hour." " We may as well, àuyhow,; make sure that it is not some poor starved cat who has got in, by way of the chimney maybe. I will go and unchain the mastiff and bring him up. He will ferret the beast out, if there is one there, iii no time." ! A glariug and furious brute was this mas- i tiff, with a red mouth that was always ?> ajar, and a double row of glistening teeth. | "Come back," called Bridget to'her mas- ter, who was half-way down- the stairs. ' "I will save you the trouble." And, whiter than ever, but no longer shaking and shivering, she, to the amannent of the bachelor and his spinster sister, pro- duced from her packet a key that opeued the door of the hauuted room, and walked in all iu tho dark, and walked out again, hugging io her arms a red-haired baby. It was barely a fortnight old, so that tjio mother could not have been very stroug, but her spinster mistress was such, a severely moral person, that she could not permit Bridgot Donovan to remain be- neath the same roof until the morning even. It was not yet much past eleven o'clock, and there was every farthing of the 'Wages justly her due, and she could easily get a lodging at a coffee-house or somewhere if it was too late to go to her friends. So out in the night went Brid- get and her baby, her mistress, as. she turned the key of the gate, advising her to turn over a new leaf aud atone for her past conduct by practicing unimpeachable virtue in the future. Kit s father was not exactly a military man, bat he was in tho militia, and, when he felt inclined for civilian work, assisted in the bricklayer-labouring line of busi- ness. To him, of cour«o, poor Bridget applied in her distress, and he, alter taking a few weeks to consider thc matter, bethought him of an aunt he had at Watford-a very respectable though poor widow, who, for a matter of throe, pounds ready-money down, would take the child and bring it up as lier own. Bridget had only one pouud ten shilling: left out of her last quarter's wagos ; but, thankful that the poor little thiug was to. be so nicely provided for, and she hers alf be made free to go to service again, she pawned her best clothes to make up the required sum, which she eutrusted, to lier sweetheart, with the baby-now nearly two months old-and a parcel of comfort- able clothiug for it, for conveyance into tho country. As needs scarce he said,; the unfortunate little waif never reached' Watford. The rascally militiaman, its ; father, nover intended that it should. He ! had ndfauut or any other relative living there, but he saw his way, in forging the cunning story, to getting rid of a respond sihility aud pocketing a little money as well. Three pounds bounty bad tempted bim to join the militia, and this was a job much more easily accomplished. For about a quarter the sum it would hare cost him for a return ticket to Watford he purchased an old carpet bag, and, having just judiciously drugged the child with part of a penn'orth of laudanum, packed it in it, and that same evening took train to Shepherd's-bush. His idea was to leave his living luggage under a seat of the railway carriage and slip away with- out it, but this humane little plan was unfortunately frustrated. He had selec- ted a compartment that was unoccupied, but before the train started two women got in as well, and with the bag ander his legs he could of course now do noth- ing until they got out again. But either the laudanum was not very strong, or he had not administered a sufficient dose, for all of a sudden the imprisoned baby began to whimper. " Good Iud ! what's that P asked one of the working women, looking first at her companion and then at the militiaman's carpet bag. " I hope it didn't frighten you, mum," remarked the callow wretch, " it's a mangy old cat I've got the job to drown." "Fancy that now," said the woman, " it's as much like a infant crying as anything I ever heard." This was alarming, so the next tunnel the train passed through the cowardly scoundrel applied the iron tipped iieel of his boot to the head of the helpless small prisoner ; and after that, .although the two women watched and listened, they heard no fnrther sounds of wailing. Still curiously, and perhaps suspiciously, watching, however, one of them, by the light cf the carriage lamp over-head, made a discovery. In dealing the cowardly back-kick at the head of his hapless offspring the militiaman had struck the shaky old lock of the second-hand bag, causing it to gape opea a little way. " Why, dang the man, what does he mean ?" exclaimed the woman, jumping op. *' It ain't usual to dre» mangy cats in bedgowns, and that isn't a cat's paw I'll swear." They were slackening speed tostón, at a «talion at the moment, and the militiaman, thinking only of escape, made a blow at the woman who would have prevented him ; but she was one of the tough and strong sort-a market-garden hand, in fact-aud she tackled him without hesitation, aud. with her knuckles ia his neckerchief, held him fast whilst the other called for the guard. Considering the nature of the offence, together with the fact that, according to the medical testimony, it was next to a miracle that the child's skull was not fractured, three month's hard labour, was not a particularly severe sentence. But Bridget's evidence did not tell very heavily against him, and his defence bore a colouring of feasibility. As for his remark to the woman about a mangy cat, I prisoner declared that was only a joke, while the kick was purely accidental, j The reason why he had put the little 1 thing in the carpet bag was i»artly that he might convey it more comfortably, and j partly to avoid attracting that notice which a labouring man carrying so young a child would bo sure to draw towards himself. Aud he really and truly was on his way to a person-he declined to say who-that had promised to take charge of the iufant. I How much Bridget' believed iu his story was suffirent ly shown in the fart that when the murderous minded militia- man, having completed his term of ira l-riaonment, again sought the young Irishwoman, she was nowhere to be found. Tho miserable, poor little cause of all this trouble (it was named Kit. after its father) had never possessed a personal appear- ance a mother might be proud of, and during the illness caused by the injury to its head it had wasted sadly. But Bridget could not have loved it more had it been the most beautiful boy that ever was bora, and, dreading lest it should , once inore fall into the clutches of cruel Kit Cassidy, she gave up all idea of going to servies agaiu, and, being strong and hearty, and not afraid of work, she turned washerwoman, and hired a fur- nished back-room in a street in the Borough to live in, and paid sixpence a day to the professional " minder" to have her baby taken care of from morning until night. It was at this early period of his existence that Kit established bia claim to the sobriquet of " Cast-iron." An ordinary child would have speedily succumbed to the professional minder's peculiar treatment, although it must be owned that iu this respect Kit was in luck. The woman liad half a dozen small charges besides Bridget's yonngster, and it was an understanding between her aud the mothers that threepence ot thc six- pence paid was to go for bread aud milk to feed them. But the old lady's appetite for gin would not admit of anything so absurdly extravagant. The children had to make shift with a share twice a day of a haud-basin full of " tea-kettle broth," which consisted of bread soaked in hot water and flavored with salt and a morsel of dripping. The neglected little mites naturally pined and starved on this meagre diet, aud the result would have beeu that old Mrs. Hoggins would soon bare lost ber connection but that she had a cunning way of deceiving the parents of the childreu entrusted to lier. One of the number was always well 'fed, and consequently plump and contented. It was allowed all the bread and milk it could be iuduced to swallow, with other small nourishments besides, and served as a 8itow child. When the mothers of the others grumbled at the appearance of their own wan and pale poor babes Mrs. Hoggins would refer them to. the oue that was exceptionally well fed, declaring that, as far as she was concerned, they ought all of them to be equally sleek and fat. since they were treated exactly alike, and that she could account for the differ- ence in no other way tba» by supposing that they all were " wrong somehow," and that good food was wasted on them. By the merest chance Bridget's little boy was the favoured one, but he was destined to pay a terrible penalty for his advantage. Mrs. Hoggins was so proud of his chubby cheeks and of the girth of the calves of his legs that she very often took him to the public-house with her, and it was here that on one occasion, and when Kit was two years old, the wicked old minder got quarrelling with auother woman who sold toastiug-forks in the street, and Mrs. Hoggins threatening her with a quart put she retaliated with a thrust from one of the articles of her stock-in- trade, which, alas ! missed the old woman and wounded the poor child in such a shocking manner that the sight of one of his eyes was des- troyed. After that Kit's mother went out as a washerwoman no more. It was a great sacrifice to make, for, although the work at the laundry was severe and the hours long, she earned twelve shillings a week, and at the business sho took to instead the umbrella covering-to teach her which alie paid a women a pound- she could make no more than seven or eight shil- lings between Monday morning and Saturday night. But it enabled her to stay at homo and look after her child. - It was nearly six mouths before the injury inflicted by the toasting- fork was as far as possible set right, and, as already stated, the organ of sight was destroyed. At the age of two and a half years Kit must have appeared an oddity, with a broad bald patch on one side of his head, and with only one eye, but his general health did not suffer. He was a very little fellow, but active almost as a monk- ey, and nearly as mischievous. Before he was five yean old his life had been many times imperilled, and twice within that time he was carried insensible to the doctor's once on account of being nearly drowned in trying to rescue a little-dog that had fallon into a deep water tank in the tripe-drosser's yard, aud, on the other occasion, through missing his foothold in an endeavour to release a pigeon that had become jammed iu an iron rain-water Eipe affixed to the side of the house. Nb mes were broken over the pigeon ex- ploit, however, and, though it was deemed nocessary to cauterise an ugly bite the ungrateful mongrel iuflicted on his cheek while the two were struggling together iu the tank, no serious injury resulted. The more serious of his troubles were yet in store tor him. When he had just attained his fifth year, there came to lodge at the same house where his mother lived a Dutchman who got a liviug ia the acrobatic line of business. He was not a stranger to the neighbourhood, and it is not impossible that he had cast a professional eye on little Kit, ere he re- solved to chauge his residence. It might even have been that it was with a view to obtaining the boy as a pupil that he soon begau to make himself agreeable to Bridget. He was a good-looking fellow, and made plenty of money, although he occasionally got very drunk and was- ted it, and he took so kindly to Kit and Kit to him in consequence of the simple tumbling tricks he seemed to take de- light in teaching him, that after a time, when the Dutchman made the hard work- ing young Irishwoman an offer of marri- age, she made no objection, and uo doubt she was the more disposed to consent on his promising " to take the pledge " the very day they were married. But she soon discovered that her husband's drinking habit was not the worst that threatened her. He had set his mind on bringing up young Kit to the busi- ness he himself followed, and of course he had to be taught it. As already in- timated, the boy possessed plenty of daring, and he would grind his teeth to- gether and keep his mouth shut while his father was teaching him how to "bend;" but sometimes the pain was too excruciating, and he was compelled to shriek out, which brought his mother from tho next room, and there- would bc high words between her ¿lid his father in-law and uo more lessons that day. But when the Dutchman was drunk he was brutal as well, and then he would lock the door of the room they practised in, and then woe betide Kit if he did not please his teacher, or "squeaked out " 60 as to bring his mother on the scene in attempti ug to do so ! Bridget was fierce as a lioness in defending its cub ou such occasions, and moro than onoe, dashing against the door, ehe had sent the lock flying and rescued Kit from torture, i But she could not be always at home. She had to go to the warehouse with the 1 work she had done and fetch more, aud oue day she returned to discover a dread- ' ful sight indeed. During her absence her husband bad come homo more drunk J thau usual, and took the opportunity to < make Kit attempt a contortion that made ] his poor little bones crack, and while he c was doubled up on the ground, with his limbs all twisted, his druukeu teacher j made a lurch and fell on him, crushing I one of his legs past mending. So, maim- ; ed and in a dead faint on the floor, his mother found him, aud the cowardly I Dutchman, thinking he had killed him, i had fled. Probably he went back to his own country, for he was never heard of afterwards ; and poor Kit was carried to 1 the hospital, where his crushed leg was ; amputated to the knee, a smart little wooded pin being provided in its stead ; when, three months afterwards, he was discharged. But he had yet to sustain : au even heavier bereavement. Before he had been a month home again his mother ; was taken with fever and died, thus qua- lifying little Cast-iron Kit for the insti- tution through the garden railings of which the reader got a glimpse of him at the commencement of my story. 