An Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIV.—continued, KDHDT GOES FORWARD. HE turned on his heel, «h airing with laughter, and walked up to Finn, to whom I heard him tell the whole story, though repeatedly interrupting himself with a jerky, noisy shout of merriment. He asked the skipper what work he could put Muffin to, and Finn rumbled out a long answer, but they stood at too great a distance to enable me to catch all that was said. Presently Finn put his head into the companion hatchway and called. After a little Muffin emerged. Wilfrid recoiled when he saw the man, turned his back upon him, and stepped hastily right aft past the wheel. I whispered to Miss JenningE, "Bid you mari that? Each will go in tenor of the other now, I suppose ; Wilfrid because he thinks Muffin mad, and Muffin because he thinks that Wilfrid, should he get to hear the truth, will shoot him." 'This way, my lad," cried Finn in a Cape Horn voice, and a half smile that twisted the hole in the middle of his long visage till it looked like the mouth of a plaice. They both went forward and disappeared. The sailors who were at work about the deck stared hard at Muffin as he passed them, shrewedly guessing that something unusual had happened, and not a little astonished to observe the captain conducting him between decks to the mariners' parlour. Soon the skipper came up, and called to a large, burly, heavily-whiskered man, who, as I had gathered, was a sort of acting boatswain, though I believe he had not signed in that capacity, but had been appointed by Finn to oversee the crew as being the most experienced sailor onlra^.^v'fiyr - whiskered man nodded vehemently with a broad smile that compressed his face into a thousand wrinkles, under the rip- ; >ling of which his little eyes seemed to : bunder altogether. Then Finn came aft, and Wilfrid and he fell to pacing the deck. Miss Jennings read ; I smoked occasionally, giving her an excuse to leave her book by asking a question, or uttering some .commonplace remark. I was lying back in my easy, lounging deck-chair, with my eyes sleepily following the languid sweep of the maintopmast-head, where the truck showed like- a circle of hoar frost against the airy blue that floated in its soft, cool bright tint to the edges of the sails whose brilliant whiteness seemed to overflow the bolt ropes and frame tihem with a narrow band of pearlcoloured film, when Miss Jennings suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, Mr. Monson, do lookl" I started, and following the direction of her gaze, spied Muffin standing near the galley rigged out as à sailor. There may have been a slop- chest on board—I cannot tell ; perhaps Finn had borrowed the clothes for the fellow from one of the seamen ; anyway there stood Muffin divested of his genteel frock coat, his gentlemanly cravat and black cloth unmentionables, and equipped in a sailors jacket of that period, a coarse coloured shirt, rough duck or canvas breeches, whose bellshaped extremities entirely concealed his gouty ankles. His head was protected by a nautical straw hat, somewhat battered, with one long ribbon floating down his back, under the brim of which his yellow face showed with the primrose T tincture of the Chinaman, whilst his dead black eyes, gazing languishingly our way, looked the deader and blacker for the plaister-like streak of hair that lay along his brow as though one of the Jacks had scored a there with a brush steeped in liquid pitch. "Heavens, what an actor the fellow would make!" said X, the laugh that seemed to have risen to my throat lying checked there by wonder and even admiration of the astonishing figure the man cut in his new attire. The burly, heavilywhiskered salt rolled up to hint. What Muffin said I could not hear, but there was the air of a respectful bow in the posture of his odd form, and my ear easily imagined the oily tone of his replies to the huge sailor. They crossed to the other side of the deck out of sight. Shortly afterwards I left my seat to join Wilfrid, and then the first object that I beheld on the port Bide of the vessel was Muffin washing the side of the galley, with a bucket of water at his feet and the heavily-whiskered man looking on. Well, thought I, rounding on my heel with a laugh, 'twill make home the sweeter to him when he gets there, and, meanwhile, Wilfrid will be free from all further phosphoric visitations. CHAPTER XV. I BOABD A WBECK. THB time slipped by. Life is monotonous at sea, and, though the days seemed to have speeded quickly past when one looks back, they appear to be crawling along on all-fours when one looks ahead. We sighted nothing that earned the least resemblance to . the vessel we were In chase of. Within a week we spoke two ships, both Englishmen, one a fine tall black dipper craft from Sydney, New South Wales, full of Colonials bound to the Old Country for a cruise amongst the sights there.;, the other, a little north-country brig, laden down to her chain plates, in charge of the very tallest man I ever saw IS, in my life—this side, I mean, of the giants who go on show—with a roaring voice that emote the ear like the blast of a discharged piece; but neither vessel gave us any news of the Shark, no craft of the kind had been sighted or heard of by either of them. It was as I expected. For my part, the adventure remained a most ridiculous undertaking, and never more so than when I thought of the speck a ship made in the vast blue eye of the wide océan. We fell in with some handsome breezes for travelling, several of which drove us through it in thunder, with a hill of foam on either quarter and an acre of creaming white spreading under the chaste golden beauty the yacht carried on her stemhead. The wind flashed blue into the violet hollows of the canvas, the curves of whose round breasts shone out past the shadowings to the sun, and rang splitting upon the iron taut rigging of the driven craft with joyous hunting-notes in its echoings as though the chase were in view and there were spirits in the air hallaoing us into a madder speeding. Wilfrid and Finn and I hung over the chart, calculating with sober faces, finding our position to be there, and then there, and then there, till we worked out an average speed from the hour of our departure that caused the skipper to swear, if the Shark was not already astern of us, she could not be veiy far ahead, unless a great luck of wind had bèfalien her; a conjecture scarce fair to put down as a basis to build our figures upon, since it was a hundred to one that her fortune in the shape of breezes had been ours. For, be it remembered, we were in a well-scoured ocean ; the winds even north of the "rains" and "horse latitudes" were in a sense to be reckoned on, with the trades beyond as steady in their way as the indication of a jammed dog vane, and the " doldrums " to follow—the equinoctial belt of catspaws and molten calms, where one sailor's chance was another's the wide world round. But reasoned Finn, and I was not there to 6ay him nay ; yet it was difficult to hear him without a sort of mental shrug of the shoulders, though it was a talk to smooth down the ravenjilume oUElfriA?» ""-Iv - cfa^ —#ëtr"wïOiout lis valet, protested indeed that he felt easier in Ins spirits since the fellow had gone forward, as though all unconsciously to himself he had long been depressed by the funeral face of the man. 44 Besides," said he, in his simple knowing way, with a quivering of the lids that put an expression of almost idiot cunning into the short, pathetic peering of his large, protruding eyes, "he was with me when my wife left my home; he it was who came to tell me that Lady Monson was not to be found ; it was he, too, who put Hope-Kennedy's letter into my hand though it was picked up by one of the housemaids. These were thoughts that would float like a cloud of hellish smoke in my brain when he was hanging about me, and so I'm glad to have him out of my sight; yes, I'm the better for his absence. And then," he added, lowering his voice, "his behaviour proves that he is not sound in his mind." That Muffin was as well content with the arrangement as his master I cannot say. They kept at work forward upon small mean jobs, and he seldom came aft unless it was to lend a hand in pulling upon a rope. Yet after a little 1 would see him in a dog-watch on the forecastle with a huddle of seamen on the broad grin round him. One special evening I remember when the watch had run out into the dusk, and it might have been within half-an-hour »f eight bells, 1 arrived on deck from the dinner table end heard, as I supposed, a woman singing forward. The voice was a very good clear soprano, with a quality in it that might have made you imagine a middle-aged lady was tuning up. The song was "The Vale of Avoca." he concertina accompaniment was fairly played. I listened with astonishment, for some time wondering whether Miss Jennings' maid had got among the men, and thai called to Crimp— "Who's that singing ?" said I. " Him they've nick-named the mute," said he. "What, Muffin?" "Ay! sounds as if he'd swallowed his sister and she was falling out to be released." There happened inside this particular week with which I am dealing an incident much too curious not to deserve a place here. AIL day long it had been blowing a fresh breeze from north-east, but as the sim sank the wind went with him and about an hour before sunset there was mild air breathing with scarce weight enough in it to blow the scent off a milkmaid, as sailors say, though it was giving the yacht way as you saw by the creep of the wrinkles at her stem working out from the shadow of the yacht's form in the water into lines that resembled burnished copper wire in the red western light- Miss Laura and Wilfrid were on deck, and I was leaning over the rail with a pipe in my mouth, all sorts of easy, dreamy fancies slipping into me out of the drowsy passage of me water alongside with its wreath of foam bells eddying or some little cloudy seething of white striking from our wet and flashing side into a surface which hung BO glass- like with the crimson tinge in the atmosphere sifting down into it that you fancied you could sée a hundred fathoms deep. Presently running my eyes ahead I caught sight of some minute Object three or four points away on the weather bow, which every now and again would sparkle -like the leap of a flame from the barrel of a musket. I stepped to the companion, picked up the telescope and made the thing out to be a bottle, the glass of which gave back the sunlight in fitful winkings to the twists and turns of it upon the ripples. "What are you looking at?" cried Wilfrid. "A bottle," I answered. "Ho!" he laughed, "what you sailors call a dead marine, lia? What sort of liquor will it have contained, 1 wonder, and how long has it been overboard f " The glass I held was Captàin Finn's ; it was a very powerful instrument, and. the bottle cauic so dose to me in the lenses that it was like examining it at arm's length. "It is corked," mid L "Can we not pick it up?" exclaimed "Oh, but an empty bottle, my dear," exclaimed Wilfrid, with. a shrug. examined it again. "I telfyoU what, Wilfrid; that it is corked should signify there in something in it. Who troubles himself to plug an empty bottle when it is flung overboard unless if is intended as a messenger!" He was instantly excited. "Why, by all means then He broke looting found. The mate had chaxge; he was BUjkily pacing the deçà to leeward with à lift of his askew eye aloft andthen a stare over the rail, all as regular as the recurrence ofrhymesLappeiay-- -JMr.Orfmp,*" called WïIfncL The man came over tous. "Doyou see that bottle?" * , _ Crimp shaded his eyes and took a steady view of the water towards which my cousin pointed, and then said, "Is- that there thing flashing a bottle J " "Yes, man; yes." " Well, I see it right enough." "Get it picked up, Mr. Crimp," said Wilfrid. The mate walked aft. "Down helium," he exclaimed to the fellow who was steering. The wheel was put over and tie bottle was brought almost directly in a line with the yacht. The topgallantsail " lifted," but what air blew was abaft the beam, and the distance was too short to render necessary the handling of the braces and sheets. Crimp went a little way forward and hailed the forecastle, and presently a man stood ready at the gangway with a canvas bucket slung at the end of a line. A very small matter will create a great deal of interest ,at sea. Had the approaching bottle been- a mermaid the group of sailora could not have observed it wich livelier attention nor awaited its arrival with brisker expectations. Presently splash! the T>otfle was cleverly caught, hauled up, dried, and brought aft. "It's not been in the water long," said I ; " the wooden plug in the mouth looks fresh." Mr. Crimp, sing out for a corkscrew," cried Wilfrid. No^ood in that," cried I; "break the thing, that will be the speediest way to come at its contents." I held the bottle to the sun a moment, but the glass was thick and black and revealed nothing. I then knocked it against the rail, the neck fell and exposed a letter folded as you double a piece of paper to light your pipe with. I pulled it out and opened it ; Miss Laura peeped over one shoulder, Wilfrid over the other, his respirations swift, almost fierce, It was just the thing to put some wild notions about the Shark into his head. From the forecastle the sailors were staring with all their eyes. The paper was quite dry ; I opened it carefully with an emotion of awe, for trifling as the incident was apparently, yet to my fancy there was the OTCTMQ^^Ï^ wonder ofa voice speaking from the blue air when your eye sought the liquid expanse out of whose vast heart the tiny missive had been drawn. It was a rude hurried scrawl in lead pencil, and ran thus :— Brig Colossus. George Meadows, Cap tain. Waiedoggedfive days—all hands but two are dead ; fast breaking up. No fresh, water. Raw pork one cask. Who finds this for (rod's sake report." The word September was added, but the writer had omitted the date, probably could not remember it after spelling the name of the month. I gave Crimp the note that he might take it forward and read it to the men, telling him to let me have it again. "'They will all have perished by this time, no deubt," said Wilfrid in his most xaven-like note. ' Think of them with raw pork only ! The meat crystallised with salt, the hot sun over their heads, not a thimbleful of fresh water, the vessel .going to pieces plank by plank, the horrible anguish of thirst made maddening by the mockeiy of the cold fountain-like sounds of that brine there flowing in the hold or washing alongside with a champagne- like seedling. Oh ! " groaned I, " who is that home-keeping bard who speaks of the ocean as. the mother of all ? The mother ? A tigress î Why, if old Davy Jones be the devil, Jack is right in finding an abode for him down on the ooze there. Mark how the affectionate mother of all torments its victims with a hellish refinement of cruelty before strangling them ! how—if the land be near enough—she will fling them ashore, mutilated, eyeless, eaten, in horrid triumph and enjoyment of her work, that we shuddering radishes may behold and understand her power." : "Ceasefor God's sakel" roared Wilfrid. '' You're talking a nightmare, man. Isn't the plain fact enough?" he cried, picking up the broken bottle and flinging it in a kind of rage overboard, "why garnish?" 4 I want to see the ocean properly interpreted," I cried. " Your poetical personifications are claptrap. Great mother, indeed! Great grandmother, Wilfrid. Mother of whales and sharks, but when it comes to man—" 'Oh, but this is impiety, Mr. Mon»on,|' cried Miss Laura, " it is really dangerous to talk so.. One may think—but here we are upon the sea, you know, and that person you spoke of just now (pointing down) might with his great ears—" " Now, Laura, my dear," broke in Wilfrid, " can't we pick up a wretched bottle and read the melancholy message it contains without falling ill of fancy ? " He went to the skylight— 44 Steward, some seltzer and brandy here. Your talk of that salt "pork," he continued, coming back to us, " makes my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth. I would give much for a little ice, d'ye know. Heigho Î big as this ocean is, I vow by the saints there's not room enough in it for the misery there is in the world," with which he set off pacing the deck, though he calmed down presently over a foaming glass ; but he showed so great a dislike to any reference to the bottle and its missive that, to humour him, Miss Jennings and I forbore all allusion to the incident. It was next forenoon, somewhere aboujfc the hour of eleven o'clock, that theloqkout manon the topgaîEtntyard—whôm ï had noticed playing for some time the polished tubes, which glanced like fire in his lifted hands as he steadied the glass against the mast—suddenly bawled dowh with a voice of excitement, " Sail ho ! " Wilfrid, who was lounging on the skylight, jumped off it ; I pricked up my ears; Miss Laura hollowed ~her gloved hands to take, a view of the man aloft. " Where away ? " cried Finn. " Right ahead, sir." " What do you make her out to be ? " Thé seanliui levelled the telescope again, then swinging off from the yard by lus grip of the tie, lie «ung out, " She looks to be a wreck, sir, I don't limke out any canvas set" "She'll-be showing afore long, your honour, " said Finn, and he cast his eye upon the water to jndge of our speed. All night long it had .blown « w » wind, and the draught was stall a mere anning, with a hot sun, that made the shelter of the awning a necessary condition of life on deck by day ; a clear, soft, dark blue sky westwards, and in the east a broad shadowing of steam-like cloud with a hint in the yâlow tinge of it low down upon the sea of the copper sands of Africa, roasting noons and shivering midnights, fever and cockroaches, and stifling cabins. So that, merely wrinkling through it as we were, it was not until we had eaten our lunch, bringing the hour to about a quarter before two o'clock, that the vessel sighted from oloft in the morning had risen above the rim of the ocean within reach of a glass directed at her over the quarterdeck rail. "It will be strange," said I, putting down the telescope after a long stare at her, "if yonder craft don't prove the Colossus. Look at her, Wilfrid. A com- pleter wreck never was." He seized the glass. "By George, then," he cried, " if that's so the two men that paper spoke of may be still alive. I hope so, I hope so. We owe heaven a life, and it is a glorious thing to succour the perishing." His hand shook with excitement as he directed the glass at the vessel. Points of her stole out as we approached. She had apparently been a brig. Both masts were gone flush with tie deck, bowsprit too, channels torn from their strong fastenings, and whole lengths of bulwark smashed level. I supposed her cargo to have been timber, but her decks showed bare, whence 1 gathered that she was floating on some other sort of light cargo —oil, cork ; no telling what indeed. She swayed wearily upon the long ocean heave with a sulky, sickly dip from side to side, as though she rocked herself in her pain. There was a yard, or spar, in the water alongside of her, the rigging of which had hitched itself in some way about the rail, so that to eveiy lurch on one side the boom rose half its length, with a flash of the sun off the wet end of it, and this went on regularly, till after watching it a bit 1 turned my eyes away with a shudder, feeling in a sense of creeping that pos- sessed me for an instant, the sort of craziness that would come into a dying brain aboard the craft to the horrible -maddening monotony of the rise and fall of that spar. "Such a picture as that," whispered Miss Jennings softly in my ear, " realises your idea of the ocean as a tigress. But what claws could have torn her so ? And that soft caressing of the water—is it not the velvet paw stroking the dead prey ? " " There's a man on board ! " cried Wilfrid wildly ; " look, Charles." He thrust the glass into my hand whilst he pointed with a vehement gesture. I had missed him before, but the broadside opening of the wreck to our approach disclosed his figure as he sat with folded arms and ! light, and all other deck fixtures that one could think of were gone. I eyed him steadily throygh the lenses, but though he never raised his head nor stirred his arms, which lay folded, yet owing to the roll of the hulk it was impossible to say that his body did not move. - " There's the word Colossus," said I, painted plainly enough upon her bow. Yonder may be the writer of the letter received. Wilf, you should send a boat. He may be alive—God knows ! But though lie be dead there might be another living." "Finn, cried Wilfrid, "bring the yacht to a stand and board that wreck instantly, d'ye hear ? " 44 Ay, ay, sir." 4'I'll make one of the boat's crew with your good leave, captain," I sung out. "Take charge by all means, Charles," said Wilfrid. " With pleasure," said L " See two things in the boat, Finn, before we start —fresh water and a drop of brandy or m." The yacht's topsail was backed, the helm put down and the vessel's way arrested. We came to a halt within halfa- mile of the wreck. The ocean swung smoothly in wide-browed folds that went brimming to the hulk in rounds polished enough at times to catch the image of her till she showed as she leaned from us with her reflection leaning too as if she had broken in halves and was foundering. The boat was lowered and brought to the gangway ; I jumped in and we shoved off. Five fellows pulled, and on a sudden I had to turn my head away to smother a laugh whilst I seemed to wave a farewell to Wilfrid and Miss Laura on noting that one of the rowers was no less a man than Muffin. Whether he had thrust himself into this errand to some thirst for any momentary change in the discipline of his shipboard life, or whether Finn had remembered that the fellow talked much of being able to feather an oar and had ordered him into the boat, I cannot tell, but there he was, as solemn as a sleeping ape, his old straw hat pulled down to bis nose, and his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the oar that he plied. He pulled well enough, but his anxiety to keep time and to feather besides was exceedingly absurd, and it cost me no small effort to master my face,, though the struggle to look grave and ignorant of his presence was mightily helped in a minute by the sight of the silent figure seated upon the wreck's deck. I earnestly overhauled with my eyes the wallowing fabric as we approached her, but, saving that lonely man motionless in his posture of slumber, there was nothing to be distinguished outside the melancholy raffle-of unrove rigging and ropes' ends in the bow, vast rents in the planks of the deck, splinters of bulwark, stanchion, and the like. The fellow that pulled stroke was the big- whiskered man that acted as boatswain, named Cutbill. I said to him, as he came stooping towards me for the sweep of his oar, " She's so jagged the whole length of her broadside, that believe her stern, low as it lies, will be the easiest and safest road to enter by." He looked over his shoulder, and said, " Ay, sir. But there is no need for you to trouble to step aboard. I'll overhaul her if you like,.sir." " No, I'll enter her. Itfs a break, Mr. CutbilL But you will accompany me, for I may want help." He shook his head." 44 You'll find nothing living there, sir." "No telling till we've found out, anyway, said I. 44 Oars ! " I sung out We floated under the wreck's counter, hooked on, and, waiting for the lift of the swell, I very easily sprang from the boat's gunwale to the taffrail of the hulk, followed by CutbilL The decks had blown up, and the sort of drowning rolling of the hulk rendered walking exceedingly dangerous. The water showed black through the splintered "chasms, with a dusky gleam in die swaying of it like window-glass on a dark night ; and there was a strange noise of sobbing that was desperately startling, with its commingling of Bounds like human groans, and hollow frog-like croakings, followed by blows against the interior caused by floating cargo driven against the side, as if_ the hull was full of halfstrangled giants struggling to pound their way out of her. " From the first great gap I looked down through I remember recoiling with a wildness that might easily have rolled me overboard to the sight of a bloated human face, with long hair streaming, floating on the surface of the water athwart the ragged orifice. It was like putting obe's eye to a camera obscura and witnessing a sickening pha&tom; of death, saving that here the horror was real, with the weeping noises in the hold to help it, and die great encompassing sea to sweep it into one's very soul as a memory to ride one's sleepless hours hag-like for a long term. We approached the figure of tho man. He was seated on a three-legged stool, with.'his back resting against the companion. I stooped to look at his face. 41 Famine is the artist here! " I cried 44 instantly, springing erect. My God! what incomparable anguish is there in that expression! " 44 See, sir," cried the burly sailor by my side in a broken voice, and he pointed to a piece of leather that lay- close beside the body. One end of it had been gnawed into pulp, which had hardened into iron again to the air and the sun. " Yet the letter we picked up," said I, stated there was a cask of raw meat on board." 4 4 Thai was chewed for thirst, sir—for thirst, sir!" exclaimed the seaman. 44 1 suffered once, and bit upon a lump of lead to keep the saliva running." 44 Best not linger," said L 44 Take a look forward, will you? " He went towards the forecastle; I peered down the little companion-way ; it was as black as the inside of a well, with the water washing up the steps within reach of. my arm. There could be nothing living down there, nor, indeed, in any other part of the wreck if not on deck, for she was full of water. The men in the boat astern were standing up in her, with their head3 bobbing together over the line of the taffrail to get a view of the figure, for it was seated on the starboard side, plain in their sight, all being clear to the companion; yet, spite of that lump of whiskered, mahogany faces, with Muffin's yellow chops in the heart of it to make the whole group as commonplace as a sentence of his, never in all my time did so profound a sense of desolation and loneliness possess me as I stood bringing my eyes from the huge steeping plain of the sea to that ~ human shape with its folded arms and its bowed head. Heavens, thought I, what scenes of human anguish have the ocean stars looked down upon! The flash past of the ghastly face in the hold beneath—that bit of grawed leather, which even had you thought of a dog coming to such a thing, would have made our heaikBick=fclM».fr | ™ ; ~~ " ' l > r ~ rous attitude a horrible sarcasm Nothing to be seen, sir," exclaimed Cutbill, picking his way aft with the merchantman's clumsy, rolling step. I went in a hurry to the taffrail and dropped into the boat, he followed, and thé fellow in the bow shoved off Scarce, however, had the men dropped their oars into the rowlocks, each fellow drawing in his breath for the first stretch back, when a voice hailed us from the deck— 44For God's sake don't leave me! " 41 Oh ! " shrieked Muffin, springing to his feet and letting his oar slide overboard ; 44 there's someone alive on board! " 4'Sit, you lubber !" thundered the fellow behind him, fetching him a chip on the shoulder that brought him in a crash to his hams, whilst the men abaft picked up the. oar. . Every face wore an expression of consternation. Cutbill's, that looked like a walnut shell between his whiskers, turned of an ashen tue; he had stretched forth his arms to give the oar its first swing, and now they forked out paralysed into the stillness of marline-spikes by astonishment. "Smite my eyes," he muttered as though whispering to himself,' 44 if it ain't the first dead man's voice I ever heard." "Back water ! " I cried out, for the swell had sheered the boat so as to put die companion way betwixt us and the figure. I stood up and looked. The man was seated as before, though spite of the sure and dreadful expression of death his famine-white face bore, spite of my being certain in my own mind that he was as dead as the creature whose face had glimmered out upon the black water in the hold, yet the cry to us had been so unmistakably real, had come so unequivocally, not indeed only from the wreck, but from the very part of the hulk on which the corpse was seated, that I found myself staring at him as though I expected that he would look round at us. , 4 4 There's no one alive yonder, men, said I, seating myself afresh. "What was it that spoke, think 'ee, sir?" exclaimed the man in the bow, bringing his eyes full of awe away from the sheer hulk to my face. "Mr. Monson, sir, I'umblybeg pardon," exclaimed Muffin, in the greasy deferential tone he was used to employ when in the cabin, "but there must be something living on board that ship, unless it were a sperrit." 44A spirit, you fool!" cried I in a passion, "what d'ye mean by Buch talk? There's nothing living on that wreck, I tell you. Jump aboard anyone of you who doubts me and he can judge for himself." Muffin shook his head ; the others writhed uneasily on the thwarts of the boat. "Cutbill and I overhauled the vessel; she's full of water. What is on her deck you can see for youraelf, and nothing but a fish could live below. Isn't that right, Cutbill?" 4 4 Ay, sir," he answered ; and then under his breath, "but what voice was it that hailed us then?" "Come, give way!" I cried, "theyH be growing impatient aboard the yacht. The oars dipped, feathered, flashed,and in an instant die blue sides of the smart and sparkling little craft were buzzing and spinning through it in foam. It was like coming from a graveyard to the sight of some glittering, cheerful, tender poetic pageant to cany the eye from the hull to die yacht. Slîe seemed clad by the contrast with new qualities of beauty. You found the completest expression of girlish archness in the curtsying of her shapely bows, with a light at her forefoot riike a smile on die lip when she lifted her yellow sheathing there, pouting, as one might say, from the - caressing kiss of the blue brine, to gleam like gold for a moment to the Bunlight. We swept alongside and I sprang on board. • "The poor creature is dead, I suppose?" exclaimed Wilfrid, inspecting die wreck thrçàgh » binocular ghôs. J" Yes," I answered, "dead as the dead «an. bb ;-4oo dead to handle, faith. Iinight have Bought in his pockets for some hints to found a report upon, but his face had the menace of a fierce whisper." "It seems cruel to leave him unbnrieJ, said Miss Laura, with her soft eyes full of pity, and the emotions begotten of the presence of death. "That hulk must soon go to pieces," said I, " and then she will give bîr» a sailor's funeral." "When nature acts the part of high priestess, if there be such a part," exclaimed Wilfrid, in a low, tremulous voice, not without a kind of sweetness in its way, thanks, perhaps, to the mood of tender sentiment that was upon him^ 44 how grandly she celebrates the humblest sailor's obsequies! how noble is her cathedral! Observe the altitude of that stupendous roof of blue. " How sublime are the symphonies of the wind; how magnificent the organ notes which they send pealing through this great echoing fabric! Nature will give yonder poor fellow a nobler funeral than it is in our power to honour him with. But Charles," he cried, with a sudden change of voice, and indeed with a new manner in him, "have you ever remarked the exquisite felicity with which nature invents and fibs and works her puppet shows? Take yonder scene at which we have been suffered to steal a peep. What could be more choicely imagined than that a dead man should have charge of such a dead ship as that, and that the look-out he is keeping upon her deck should be as black as tile future of die vessel he still seems to command?" 44 Well, well," said I, "all this may be as you put it, Wilf. But all the same, I am glad to see that topsail-yard swung and that spectre there veering astern. 1 protest my visit has made me feel as tho agi i I must lie down for a bit;" and, in Bolder truth, the body I had inspected, coupled with the thrill of amazement that had shot through me to tie voice we had heard, had proved a trifle too much fur my nerves, topped, as it all was, wiLh certain superstitious stirrings, the crawling, as it might be, upon the memory of that ghostly, insoluble hail, along with the workings of an imagination that was too active for happiness when anything approaching to a downright horror fell in its way. So I went below and lay upon a sofa, but had scarcely hoisted my legs when Wilfrid arrived, bawling to the steward for a bottie of champagne, and immediately after came Miss Jennings, who must needs fetch me a pillow, and then, as though she had a mind to make me feel ridiculous, saturate a pocket handkerchief with eau de Cologne, all which attentions I hardly knew whether to like or not till, having swallowed a bumper of champagne, I hopped off the couch with a laugh. "A pretty sailor I am, eh, Wilfrid?" cried I; "a likely sort of figure to take command of the Channel Fleet. Miss Jennings, your eau de Cologne has entirely cured me. " ©p" întô~Es trousers pocket and marched into his cabin, head hanging down. CHAPTER XVL WE SIGHT A SCHOOÎFEB-YACHT. I HAPPENED to be alone on deck after dinner, having left Wilfrid at his diary and Miss Jennings in her cabin, where she had gone to make ready to join me, as she had said. The wreck had faded out before sundown, melting upon the flashing purple under the sinking luminary like the memory of a nightmare off a mind upon which is streaming a light of cheerfulness. The night was dear but dark, with a pleasant wind through whose dryness the stars looked down purely. The yacht was sailing a fair six knots, as I gathered when I stepped from the companion to the lee-rail and peered over in a wool-gathering way at the emerald gushings and eddyings of the phosphoric fires which winked in the cloudy paleness along die bench, and lied into the dimness of glow-worms to the spectral racing of our wake. I was worried and oppressed by a sort of heaviness of spirits. I had acted a cheerful part at dinner, bat there was little of my heart in the tongue I wagged. The recollection of the motionless figure seated upon the wreck, and darker yet, the memory of that bloated, long-haired phantom face hiding in the space of a breath across the gape in the shattered deck, with the sobbing wash of the black water on which it floated to put a dreadful meaning of its own into the livid, nimble vision went for something—nay, went for a good deal, no doubt ; but it was the hail that had come from the wreck which mainly occasioned my perplexity and agitation, and, I may add, my depression. Twice now had syllables sounding from where there were no lips to pronounce them reached my ears. Had I alone heard them I should have been alarmed for my reason, not doubting an hallucination, though never for an instant believing in the reality of the utterance ; but the voices had been audible to others, they were consequently real, and for that reason oppressive to reflect upon. The shadow of Wilfrid's craziness lay on his ship; the voyage was begun in darkness, and was an aimless excursion, as I thought, with no more seasonable motive for it than such as was to be found in the contending passions of a bleeding heart. Hence it was inevitable that any gloomy incident which'occurred during such an adventure as this should gather in the eye of the imagination a veiy much darker tincture than the complexion it would carry under sunnier and more commonplace conditions of an océan run. Whilst I lay over the rail lost in thought, I was accosted by Finn. 44Beg pardon, Mr. Monson; couldn't make sure in this here gloom whether it was you or Sir Wilfrid. May I speak a word with 'ee, sir ? ". "Certainly, Finn." "Well now, sir, if that there old Jacob Crimp ain't gone and took on so joyful a frame of mind that I'm a land-crab if his sperrits ain't downright alarming in a man whose weins runs lime-juice !" "Old- Crimp!" cried I, 44 what's the matter with him? " "Why, he comes up to me and says, 4Capt'n,' he says, 4 there's Joe Cutbill, Jemmy Smithers, that funeral chap Muffin, and the 'tothers who was in the boat which went to the wreck this afternoon, all aswearing that they heard a voice in the air !' and so saying, he burst out a laughing like a parrot. *A woice!' sayB he. 4 So me and Mr. Monson aren't the only ones, d'ye see. Damme,' says he, *if it don't do my heart good to think pa't. There's the whole bloomin' boiling of. us now," says he, 4 to laugh at capt'h; not Jacob Crimp only,' and here he buists into another laugh." "What does the old chap want to convey?" said L sir, joyfulness as that he no longer stands alone as having heard a ( woice, for though to be sure you was with him that night, and some sound like to a cuss lose up off yon quarter, he feels ] being alone in the hearing of it, for, yo see, a man m his position can't comfortably hitch on to a gent like you, ahd it was the harder for him, for that the man at the wheel swore that he never heard the cry." " He is superstitious, like most old lobscousers, no doubt," sud L "Have the others been talking about this mysterious hail from the wreck?" "Ayi sir; 'tis a pity. It's raised an oneasines8 'mongst the men. * There's that Irish fool O'Connor, ;him that foundered the 4 Dago,' going about with & face as long as a wet hammock and swearing that taint lucky." "I don't know about its being unlucky/' said I, 44 but it certainly is most confoundedly curious, Captain Finn." I saw him peering hard at me in the dusk. 4 4 But surely your honour's not going to tell me there was a woice f said he. As we were shoving oflj" said I, 44 we were hailed in God's name to return. Every man of us in die boat heaîd it. There were but two bodies in the wreck) as stone dead as if they had died beforâ the days of the flood. What say you to that, Captain Finn?" He pulled off his hat to scratch his head. After a pause, he efcclauned slowly, 4 'Well,' Tm for leaving alone what isn't to be onderstood. There was ghosts maybe afore I was bom, but none since; and die dead h'ant talked, to my knowledge, sincd New Testament times. Old Jamaiey ram isn't to be had by dropping a bucket over the side, and if a truth lies too deep to be fished up by creeps, better drop it, says I, and fix the attention on something else." "You tell me the men are uneasy?" "Ay, sir." "Do you mean all hands?" 44 Well, your honour knows what sailors are. When they're housed together under one deck they're like a box of them patent lucifer lights—if one catches, the whole mass is aflame." "It's a passing fit of superstition," said I. 44 Give it time. Best say nothing about it to Sir Wilfrid. " Bless us, no, sir. Sony it's raised so much satisfaction in that there old Jacob, though. A laugh in Jacob don't sound natural. Any sort o' joyfulness in such a constitution is agin nature." At this point Miss Jennings arrived on deck, and Finn, with a shadowy fist mowing at his brow, stepped to the opposite rail, where his figure was easily distinguished by die stars he blotted out. "I hope your spirits are better," said Miss Laura. "I should be glad to turn die silent Bailor of that wreck out of my memory; but my spirits are very well." "Wilfrid noticed your depression at table, but he attributed it entirely to the dreadful sight you witnessed on the wreck." She passed her hand through my arm with a soft impulse that started meJn^a^^fepJgih^çaiHrïaTrfëaEng the flow of our speech at the moment— that for some little while I was scarce sensible I held her asm, and that I was pacing with her. "But I think there is more the matter with you, Mr. Monson," she continued, with her face glimmering like pearl in the dusk, as she looked up at me, 44 than meets die ear—1 will not say the eye." 44 The fact is, Miss Jennings," said I abruptly, "I am bothered." 4By what?" "Well, what you of the suspicion which grows in me that this yacht carries along with her, in the atmosphere that enfolds her, some sort of Ariel, whose mission it is to bewilder out of its invisibility the sober senses of men of plain, practical judgment, like your humble servant?" "You want to frighten me by pretending that you are falling a little crazy." No!" Or you are creating an excuse to return home." No again. How can I return home ! " Why, by the first convenient ship wo happen to sight and speak. Is this some stratagem to prepare Wilfrid's mind for your bidding us farewell when the chance happens?" ? She spoke with a subdued note and a tremble of fretfulness in it. Suffer me to justify myself," said I, and with that I led her to the captain, who stood with folded arms leaning against the rail near the main rigging. "Finn ! " He dropped his hands and stood bolt upright. 4 4 Be so good as to tell Misa Jennings what the men are talking abouî forward." "You mean the woice, sir?" "What the men are talking about," said L - "Well, miss," said Finn, "as the boat that Mr. Monson had charge of this after- noon was aleaving the wreck the men hoard themselves hailed by a woice t at begged 'em, in God's name, not to leavo the party as called behind. Mr. Monson, sir, you heard it likewise." '-I did," I answered. 4Another mystery," exclaimed Miss Laura, "quite as dismal and astonishing as Muffin's phosphoric warning." 44Thanks, Finn; that's all I wanted to ask you, " said I, and we left him to resume our walk. 44Tell me about. this voice," said die girL I did BO, putting plenty of colour into the picture, too, for I wanted her to sympathise with my superstitious mood, whilst up to now there was nothing but incredulity and a kind of coquettish pique in her voice and manner. 4 4 And you are afraid of this voice, Mr. Monson? I wonder at you ! " "You should have my full consent tc wonder," said I, "if it were the first time, but there was the other night, you know, with solid, sour, uncompromising old Crimp to bear me witness, and now again today, with a boatful of men for evidence." 4 4 Really, Mr. Monson, what do you want to make yourself believe ?" she asked, with a tone like a half laugh in her speech : 44the dead cannot speak." "So 'tis said," I grumbled, suckinghard at my cigar to kindle it afresh. 4'Human syllables cannot be delivered save by human lips. What, then, coult' have spoken out of the darkness of tho sea the other night?" "Does not Milton tell of airy tongue* that syllable men's names ? " said I gloomily. . "Mr. Monson, I repeat that I wonder at you. How can you Buffer your imagination to be cheated by some trick of tho senses ?" she laughed. "Pray, be carefuL You may influence me. Then what morbid company shall we make! I am sure you would like me to believe in thÏ3 mysterious Voice of yours. But, happily, we Colonials ace too young, as a people, to be superstitious. We must wait for our ruined, castles, and our moated granges, and our long, echoing, tapestry-lined corridors. Then, like you English, we ir«y tremble when we hear a mysterious voice. 1 ' ] She started violentiy _ as she said this. _ | giving my arm 6o snart a pull tiiat it iustandjr brought me to a halt, whilst- in 1 OH 1 " BHBlEKJU) Humil, "XBEBS'fi 80ME0NS ALIVE ON BOARD ! " s voice of genuine alarm the exclaimed "Good gracions 1 what is that?" Her face was tamed up towards tie weather yardarm of the square topsail, where, apparently floating a little above tie studdingsail-boom iron, like to a flame inthe act of routing down "the smoke of an extinguished candle ere firing tie wick, shone a pendulous bubble of greenish fire, but of a luminosity sufficiently powerful to distinctly reveal the extremity of Aie black spar pointing finger-like into the darkness ahead, whilst a large space of tie curve of tie topgallant-sail 'above showed in the lustre with 'something of the glassy, delicate greenness you observe in a midsummer leaf in moonshine. The darkness, with its burden of stars, seemed to press to tie yacht the deeper for that mysfcks light, and reachthat fesdbeen ânoutlioçs before melted out . is it?" exclaimed Miss Jennings in a voice of consternation, àn31 felt her hand tighten unon my arm with her fears thrilling through tie invtdwtwprœsflre- "Figune an eçhoii?g corodorhung with aged tapestÈy stirring to cold dîaughts gravtfprd, 4 w of tip few* banking of «£ams, and then the apparition of a man in ^raour, up such a lantern as that yonder, appioadiing you who are spellbound and ççnnofc move for horror." I îrarsj; out laughing. "What is that light* ilr. Moai^oa?" tdw cried petulantly^ "Why, Miss Jennings," I answered, 11 tis a saint, met a light; a revepend old chap called St. Ejnyn who transforms himfclf «î dbôasure into a species of snapdragon lor the encouragement of poor (To be anitmued. ) 