0T7E OHEISTMAfl TJSOSTfl. ._ Who ; does not .regret: that -young i Mamilliug never ? told tbfct story of ' sprites. and goblins' wtjen histmother Hennione was ? so anxitius - tp hear! Who is not ..sure jthat it ;Wguld have curdled his blood most . delightfully. and made each particular, hair stand: on find, and given, bim. that charming feeling of 'creepinesi'.up {and /Ipwn) the apine, . which ? a , first-rate ?ghost- story is warranted to produce 1 If you retriember; it was to be of so awesome a nature tb^A the boy declared he-must ' tell it softly,' so that :?'' the crickets should not hear it,' and, np doubt its. opening promised well. ?, 'There wasa man dwelt by a churobyard1'— ^a finfi; mysterious opening 1 suggesting, possi bUities of adventures, , w'itb . ghouls, ogres, .;fleshle68 spectres,', and 'other ; uncanny, inhabitants .of the ghost i world; of deseprated ' - gravee, ^ -and, horrible crimes 1 But, - alas,,, young: Mainillius never advanced beyond JbhU. point. 'There was a man dwelt by the churchyard' — this . w;e ? knpw, and. nothing more. The story-teller rdid not get nearly so far as -that Other^nd older raconteur who left half told -' the story of Cambuscan.. bold/1 or ? Keats with, hi? 'Hyperion,' or Coleridge with, his,' Christabel' j and tjiejiteraturp.pf. ghosts - wants what would probably' have been its finest and most thrill ing chapter., Every sensible person laments that Squire Hardcastle never told(for.the world's benefit) that 'story, of oUld GroUse in the ;^.un-Hooni' at which Diggory had been ' laughing ' these. twwty years.' We have the squire's own assurance that the story was 'a good one'; but. we .would infinitely rather have had the, story of young Mamiliius. Like the unfinished window in Aladdin's palace, however^ unfinished; it must - remain. .Bash hands have essayed) it is true, to solve ' the Mystery of Edwin Drood' ; ,but the story which a Sbakspeare began only a nhakspeare could complete. 'There -was a .man' dwelt by a churchyard.' Well, in a certain sense, each one of us 'dwells by a' church-;: yard'— the churchyard,, -the. hallowed., ground, .in which are gathered together the green graves of , the past. Alas; the number of these gravest Ah,, there's the pity of it? As Christmas follows Christmas to that boume from, which no Cliristniasses return, how fast they multiply, until, on looking backward, we can see nothing but the wan wlitte memorial-stones, which mark the last resting-places of the vanished hope, the crushed ambition, the lost friendship, the betrayed trustv Every week, every day, adds to the tale of bur dead; lengthens put the record of our chequered memories. If Mamilliiis had finished his story, it would never have had for us the pathos of that sad eventful narrative which each man's own particular, churchyard whispers in his ears— tells : ''softly'— for it is one which 'the crickets should not hear,'- which conbferns himself alone. As men must work, though women may weep, we most of us keep the gates locked, so to speak, and the churchyard is still enough throughout -the year j nut now ana again, as at Christmas time, the departed.. rise from: their graves and through ..the open gates troop in among us to. remind ub of what has been.- These are our Christmas ghosts,, which tlie meanest have at their command as fully as 'the oldest of old. families, with' their traditional time-honoured spectres and mysterious visitants, who make' night' hideous for timid housemaids,' or un courteously disturb the repose of stranger-guests. Our Christmas ghosts I These come to ub once a year, at least, and every year the company grows larger : but the faces of : the elder comers are less clear of feature, 'and their forms more shadowy ; and), by a merciful provision of Providence, we look upon them with increasing com posure, and a growing sense* of hope fulness and faith. . . For our part, we think we ought to welcome their company. It is not good for us to turn our backs upon the past, and say we will have nothing more to do with it-^that henceforth our lives shall be wholly in the present or the future. The!- truth is, we -cannot bo' easily cut ourselves off from it ; it has helped to make' us what we are', and its influences, for /good or evil, are with us still. ' Besides, if that grim church yard turn out a grisly array of '/sprites and eoblins,' it also sends us many a radiant angel-form. If on our annual returrect ion-day the disappointed am bition and the baffled aspiration start up to- perplex us, so, too, the dear, ones who have gone before come with the air of heaven about them, to soothe, to inspire, and encourage us. The mother whom .we loved so tenderly, the child who was taken from our reluctant embrace in the bloom of its pure young 'beauty, the friend whose faith fulness never gave way in the hour of sharpest trial, these are with u* again, sit by our hearths, occupy their well remembered chairs, and unite our ! pre sent lives to their past by linkB of gold. ' Would yon deprive yourself '-of this great joy, because of the somw ?which mingles with itt because ' withered hopes on hopes are spread,' like the Were of the dead leaves of many autumn* in tbe forest glades — : ' MemoriM thkt make tbebe»rtj» tomb, . Bcgreta wbich ^ide through the fcpkiU gloom,— . ? ; would you shut yourself oat from the shadows of -happy hour*— the Jaright and sweet and joyous recollections which tue Past has alone to give }. -, There are ghtxta and ^g\xoitf. Iti'u idear from reracioos cfarooiclei that if «ome: make it their unpleasant' mission to terruy ana ujare w, otners come with timely words of cootuel,. warning, and somfoit on tbdr specteal lips, and these, .we believe, predominate in ♦* quantity and qoality.' Tbs---«rarId'r wrong is more tlian compentated ' by the world's right. Tbe pieaanres'-of :-?-?? '?-?-. ? I foiinato^oii£baiance*its pains t or~as Brennni fhitig in las sir^rd td weight the s**le-»gwnstthe conquered Romans, we, too, can' always turn the balance by khfowing *jn iSiope. There 'are 'jiumeroof^moutoSfti^r/the churchyard, but there are' many more daisies* «nd tbje man' ^6 dwelU 1iy-ft 'niay, if he will^ see something of better- omen tfikn the mere -ign««. Mortality. ?' At tbe head of the grave iJb you *ot plant the Grots t - - '?' '?? ; -- :;' -:''--v. ?- \- .We remember tohkve tieard,- once upon a wme, an1 eager discussion- *-itne problem, whWier the realisation if % pleasure is equal to tHp anticipation of it t ? But better than realuiationj'which always has iU tinexpected drawbacks, or than i anticipation,' which ? is aeces-: «arily: overcast 'with uncertainty; is the rtniinUienci.; And there1 : - 'this ' ad- vantage— that the -eniiniscenoe lasts;. ondiyet' aadthar -advanUge^-that '- it grows contlnuftllyifewefetcr an'd more consoblng; ^Take oui*(ChriBiimasses; for.' example. W« ' looi '^rward^br, at least, jtbose of us ' Wli'p} itre' 'ndi cynics and smart ??essayists-Jook 'forward to each coming -Yule ' with ' pleasurable thoughts; ' It is tbe railying-tihie of domestic .«ff?cti-Hw itai^md ^friend ships ; and the 'circle, sa-offcen ' broken' ittjupon by jLadverae t ijiroutnstances, is for Uhs omuB'to ' *» renewed. ? - But it comes— the long-1ook-!d-for Cbristmas ; and with it, various vexations and crosses, insignjficant in themselves, butv at .the time; sufficient to infuse a dashiof bitterness into our cup' of joy —that ' amari liquid' which Fate is so fond of offering to human lips. Byrftndrby, however, iwhcn;our Christ mas' -ghosts- sweep before us, we see nothing of this. 'The cloud has gone' clean away ; our wistful -eyes rest only on the brightness. -: So it is always. The Christmas of last year seems to us brighter and betterthan the Christmas of this; and the Christmas of the year before brigntel'*nd better 8tuL In this way,' our 'Christmas ghosts grow less forbidding every year; and, in time, we come; to think them tie be»t of company — as, indeed, they are. Yes ; even the saddest, grisliest,- and most gloomy I For all.' have ?? ? some thing to tell us— words' of advice and caution-^-the precio'iis : lessons' 'of ex perience. The ghost of a crushed ?ambition warns us to limit our desires, to the , jneasnre of . our meanB; the ghoEtof a shattered- hope teaches us to be on our guard against illusions of Our own creation ; the ghost, of a lost love counsels us to. raise our hearts aoovo me tnings oi mortainy, ana to reach forwaod, with Strong, unflinch ing faith, to that land beyond the Dark River, where ;We,.bsepmes ;Mamortal, and partingg.are.uijknown, - and trust can neyfer more be' betrayed, and there' are no ghoste— because,' thank (Sod 3 .there are nd dead I ... . 