OTHER ATTRACTIONS. The Sydney Driving Park Club provide the sport of klugs at Moore Park on Monday, when the/ present a mixed programme of trotting and racing, which will presumably be accep table to those interested in this description of cujoyment. There is a Hibernian picnic at Chowder Bay, and "wet or line Correy s Gardens, Cabaritn, will of a surety at tract its share of visitors. The manage ment of this resort annouueo a par ticularly huge pavilion and the Young Australian Bund, indicative of a jolly time under cover should the weather be against outdoor amusement. Steamers will leave King-street wharf every half-hour during ihe day. The Bondi Aquarium presents a bill for Monday which should crowd that popular rendezvous. No fewer than 18 complete shows are billed, so that there should be a brisk and merry time. The Cyclorama presents no new claims to public attention, but it is an evergreen attraction, and will of a surely be visited by many taking their pleasure in the city. The Zoological Gardeus is auother institution of never dying interest, aud families can picnic there amid most charming surroundings of lake and bush scenery. The animals, birds, and reptiles make up a first rate collection, and ample amusements are providcc for children, who may take the air on the back of the ele phant, or indulge io equestrienne exercise on a particularly popular pony, or ou tho famous .Soudan donkey. On Monday night the cup of pleasure maybe made a brimmer by those who regard a visit to a theatre as the fitting termination of a holi day. At the Theatre Royal ,c La Tosca " will :.e staged, not no bright a piece, perhaps, as one might desire for tbe occasion, but then it is so "deliriously dreadful," like the ghost yarns around the English fireside at Christmas time, and like them popular on that account. At Her Mufcty's "Toe Two Orphans " will go through their chequered career, and virtue will triumph ami villainy will he upset at the critical juncture in tho manner most dear to British hearts. The " only Maccahe," aided b»" Mduie. Miunia. will give his inimitable pennnnauce at the School of Arts and there wih no doubt be much laughter as a result. The Wiuow O'Brien holds a levee at the Criterion Theatre, and if the outspoken Fitly and her daughters, together with their friends and admirers, do not provide a gay evening theic will be n considerable divergence from the general order of things. 