AN IRISH STORY. | Bxo/ir,; Beautifully aitoated in a pleasant valley ot the White Knight'j.ceuntryi at th# foot of the Gaiter Mountainfl, ' was tha eabin of Larry Dodd and his wife. They, ranted a aabin and a few Miru of land, whlsh they cultivated with great, care. They , were In* dependent, and respected by their neighbors ; they loved eaoh other in a matrimonial sort ot way, and few had' more appeauaoa ot comfort about them. Larry waB a hard working, and oQoasicn ally hard drinking, Pntch-bnili little man, with a fiddle head and a round body, a Bteady-goiog, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too maah whisky ; then, it must be confessed,: he oould not Wftlh the ohalked line with perteot accuracy.- He had a moist,, ruddy countenance, rather inclined to an expression of gravity. Take it alto gether, he wbb generally looked' upon as a proper person, notwithstanding the fact that be had every day in the year, a sort of un holy dew upon his face, even in the ooldest weather, which gave rise to a supposition that Larry was apt to indulge in strong po tations. However, all men of talents have their faults — indeed, who is without them ?— and Larry, setting aside his weakness, was a most distinguished man. Ha was a man ol mixed habits, in his mode of life; his drink and his oostume. His dress acoorded with his character— a sort of half-and-half between farmer and horse jockey. He word a blue coat of coarse cloth, with short skirt| and a standing collar ; his waitcolh svarfed, and his lower habiliments were made of loather, which, in oourso of time, , had shrunk so' much tbat they fitted like a seoond skin, and long use had absorbed their moisture to such a degree that they made a crackling noise as be moved along. A. hat covered with- oil skin, a whip, all worn and jagged at the end, a pair of seoond-hand, or, to speak more cor- - rectly, second- footed, greasy top-boots, that seemed never to havo seen a blaoking-brusb, and one spur with a rowel, completed the everyday dress, of Larry Dodd. Thus equipped was Larry returning from Cashel, mounted oh a rough-coated and one eyed nag, though, notwithstanding theeeand a fbw other trifling blemishes, a well-built ai\imal ; having just purchased the said nag, with a fancy that he could, -irfake his own money again, and maybe turn an odd penny' more by it at the coming Kildorry fair. Lir^y, well pleased with himself, trotted along tbe road in the lingering twilight of a lovely Jane evening, thinking of nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would horses always be so low. ' If they go at this rate,' jaid he to him self, ' for half nothing, and that paid in fiutter-buyerB notee, who would ba tbe fool to walk?' This very thought indeed was pasBing through his mind, when his attention was aroused by a woman pacing 'quickly by the side of his horse, and hurryiog on as if endeavoring to reach her destination before hightclosed in. Her figure, considering the long strides she took, appeared to be under the common sizs— rather of the dumpy order ; but whether the damsel was young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could fornrno notion, owing to the fact of her wearing a large cloak, the hood of whioh was turned np and completely concealed every feature. . Enveloped in this mass of dark and con cealing drapery, without muoh oxertion tha strange woman contrived to keep up with Larry Poddy steed for some time, when his master -very civilly effered her a lift babiad hiffifas far as be was going'her way. ' Civility begets oivility,' they say; however, he re ceived no answer, and thinking tbat the lady's silenoo prooeeded oaly from bashful ness, like a man of true gallantry, not a word more said Larry, until he palled up by tho side of s gap, and then said he : * ' My little o?rl just jump up behind me without a word more, though never a one have you spoke, and I'll take yoa sate and Bound through the lonesome bit ol road that is before us.' She jumped at the offer, sure enooghi'and' ap with her on the back of the horse, as light as a feather. In an instant she was soated behind Larry, with her hand and arm backlcd around his a aist, holding on. ' I hope you're comfortable there, my dear?' said Larry, in his good-humored way. *'.? % But there was no answer, and on' they went— trot, trot, trot, along tho road — and all was so still that you might have heard the sound ot the hoofs a mile qff ; there was nothing else to bear except the moaning of a distant stream that kept up a contiauod crooning, like a nurse hushing a. babe.. Larry, who had a keen ear, did not, how ever, nqaire so profound a 6itence to detcct tho click of one of the shoes. ' 'Tis onlyloose the shoe is,' said he to bia companion, ae they were just entering on the lonely bit of road. Somo old 'trees, with branches festooned with ivy, grew over a dark pool of water, which had been formed as a drinUicg place for cattle. Here, the horse mnde a dead bait, and Lany, not knowing what violous tricks his near purohase mi^ht^iave, and anwilling that, through any odd chanoe, the young woman should get' opiit' in the water, dis mounted, thinking to load tha animal past thepool. ' By tho piper's luck, that always found . what he wanted,' said Larry, 'recolleot* ing himself, '4've a nail in my, pocket ; *tiar not the first time I've pat on a ehoc, and maybe it won't be tbo last, tor here is no want of paving stones to mak? hammers, in plenty.' No sooner wis Larry off than bg with a swing coinp the woman, just at hii aide. Her feet touched th3 ground without'makiQg the least nciso, .and .'away she boosded, like an ill manubrvd creaturo as she v*t, without taying '? By your l?avo(' or no matter whit c!ie. She stcmcd to glide rotber (ban run,, not along ths road, ' but across- a field, up toward the old Ivy.covsrcd walU et KilnaslaUery Church — and a pn-tty church it'wan.' ' Not so tost, if £yGti rlcatc, young womsn, not so last,' cri:d tnrrft calling ?aftsr btr. Uat away she tap, asJ Lury fol'owed, bis leattmn garment already dcsoilijsd crr.ck, craok, crtcUing at cvtry et?p he tool*. ' Wbsro's my wogis ?'»afd Lury. 'Give me a kits, ruy girl; *urv, I've oarncd a kits from your pretty lip*r aud I'll/have it, too l' ' ? ' But ebs went on fuller and faitcr, regard Ires of theso and other flittering epccchfs ftom hcr pur/urr.. At la*t shooamoto the churchyard w«il1,and.tb£n ovtrwHhberiuan Instant.. ' Well, well f Hhu'i n mighty suiart area turcf anyhow I ; To be sure how nest ahe slc}v. Did ahyono ever uo fhs like of tbat before? Bc^t I'll not bs.baulkctl *by any ivr/tnan tbat cvtr wore a heed, t.r any ditch, eiiher !' exclaimed L/ury, us, wi.lli a dcipiratc bound, be vaulted soramtled and tomtUd .over tbe wall Into tho churoh ynrd. ' , Up hp got from tbe elaiifo sod of a newly made. gravo, In which Ycde Lewy rbat iroroinK wflaburfed— rcst'hUsoul l—and oa went Lmy,.jta'inbH0g ovir headytch«s nod tooUloo^,' ovtr old' gra'yes acd new'gra?«n, phoea ot «ofUnf, a}id the skulls ondbouc# cf rom— the lord saro as (4*tbRt wtra roaUcrcd About tbcro m plenty as paving atones, flpunderJeg amid great ovorgro-tn dock lcavfs fcfld, Urarrblcfl Jhbt, v*iib their loug,. p^okly arms bcum«i tangled Around hU Umbiapd held him baok - whli. lit fpar/ul graip. . MianHme tU soerry vinutn In tbo alonk moved through iir thfro obitroeUoDi bb tienlv BBdas gaily at If. tke ebartbya'd, frovdfjl op as if was wlfh grave* and stones, had been the floor of & dancing room. Bound ah3 round the walls of the old church she want. * '? I'll just wait,' sakT Larry, seeing thia and thinking it all nothing bat a trick to frighten him. ^.'Wifen she coazes rouad again, if 1 foa't take the kiss I won't thaVd all ; and here aha is 1' Larry Diadd sprang forwacd with open arms and clasp td in thene — a woman, it is true, but a wocufra'tfithoUt any lips to kiss, by reason ef her having no bead ! V Harder 1' cried he. 'Well, that ac counts for her not speaking 1' Having uttered these words, Larry him self became dumb with fear and astonish ment ; his~bleo,d seemed turned to ice, and a dteainesa came over him. Staggering like a dtunken man, he rolled against the broken window of the- rain, horrified as the eon viction that he had held a ghost, in his cm brace. . When he returned to something like a feel ing ot conBoiouensGs hesiowly opined his eye*, and then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In thfi midst of the ruin stood an old. wheel of torture ornamented with, heads.' -. This was plainly visible in tbe etrango light which spread itself around. It was tearful to behold, but Larry could not ohoose but look, for he was powerloss through wond&andfear.; He would have shouted for helpTbut his tongue clcaved to the root of bis mouth, and not one word could ho say. His oyes almost started from their eocket3, his breast rented on the thisknesa of ihc wall, over which, on one side, his head and out stretohed neck projected, and on the other, although one toe touched the ground, it de rived no'BUpport from thenca ; terror, as it were, -kept him balanced. Strange coisea assailed his cars, until at tast they tingled painfully to the sharp olattez of little bolls, whioh kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. Marrowlees bones, rattled and clanked, and the deep and solemn .sound of a great bell came booming'on the night wind. It was strahgo musio to diace by ; never theless, moving to it, round and round the wheel set with skulls, were well-drc3scd ladies and gentlemen, and soldiers and' sailors, and priests and publicans, and jockeys and Jennies, but all without their heads. ? Larry did not know what to think. His brains were all in a mist, and losing the balance whioh ho had so long maintained, ho fell head foremost into tho midst of the com pany of ghosts. -» I'm done for and lost forever 1' roared Larry, with his heels turned towards the stare; and souse I down he came. . ' Wolcome, Larry Dodd, welcome 1' ' cried every head, bobbing up and down in tho air. ' A drink for larry Dodd I' shouted they bb with one voice, that quavered like a shake on the bagpipeB. . No sooner said than done. One. of the number presented a brimming cup to Larry, who, to Ebow his manners, drank it off like a man. . ' 'lis oapital stuff,' he would have said, but he got n'o further than ' oap ' when de capitated was ho, and his head began dancing over his shoulder. Larry, however, was not the first man who lost his head through the temptation of looking at tbe bottom of a brimming eup. Nothing more did he re member clearly, for it seems body and' head being parted is hot very favorable to thought. Yi heh his senses returned his first act was to put his hand to wherro- his. head formerly grew, and to bis great joy there ho found it still. He then, Bhook it gentry, but bia bead remained firm enough, jind. somewhat re assured by_,tiris 'he proceeded to open his eyes &bd; look around him. It was broad daylight, and in the old charthyard at Kilcaalattwy ho foand himislf, with his head ' upon the lap of earth.' Ceuld^t have been an ugly dream ? 'Ob, no,' said Larry. u£ dream oould never have brought bsherc. stretchcd en tbe fiat of my back, with tbe deathV head and crosB-boncB. tormenting tne od tbo fine old tombstone of Fat Kcarnoy of Kilerea — bat where iatbohorstf?' ? ' He arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he had received, aud went to' tho pool of water, but no horse was there.' ; . . ' 'Tis home I mns« go,' caid Lairy with a rueful countenance. But how will I face Nanoy 1 What shall I tell her about tho horse, aud the two'pounds he coit me? 'lis them, ghosts that havo made their own cf him from me, the horse-stealing' robbsrs of the world, that havo no fear for tho gallows I But what's gone is gone, that's a clear case.'- . . So saying ho turned his steps homoward, and arrived at his cabin about noon without encountering anyfurthcr adventures. Thero ho found Naucy who, as he expected, looked as black asja ihunder-oloud at him for being ont all night. She listened to hitfmaiv&Hoiu; relation which ho c^ave with Httiaaations of cstonlshment. -AYben ho h«d concluded, i with expression* #t gritf at the less of the i borao ho had paid forlike an honest; man, she j sbH : 1 ''Bat what took you ap to tho old churoh : at all, out of tbo road st that time. of night, Larry?' . .... . Lirry looked like a criminal for whom there was no reprieve. -He scratched his head fcr an excuse, but not ouo oould be muster up, so he knew not what to say. ' . . * 'O Larry, Lury,' reulUrjd Nancy, afltr waiiing for some time ioc hii answer; ' ic'^p talking with a jyrl you V«rc — sn' you a marritd man ! Cobfcac thVtruth l' ? Larry thuddered at tho tcmpcet which he p/reeived was r.cw about tb-l'breok* upou his devoted head. . tk Kapcy,' taid he,u'I doionfias. It waa a xromau without any hea|r~' His wife heard no more/g; ' A wuaiRU— I knew it^ ^ wis !' oried sh9. ' But a woman without a lS&d.Lsrt;^ 1 Well, it :o loog before Nano^, Gallagher ever thought it would como tQ&tbis; with htr ! That she should be lc-ft doeolato aud abc.e here by her bavto of uhtnlHnd for a wo:oan wiiiout a hcadl OJatfet, futhtr. and mother, mother, it iu well ypfl are law to-day, that you don't eco this ffti.ction nnd dis grace to your daughter thatjon rared decctvt and tender tv O'j, lurry you vlUain I' Ynn'l! bo tbo death of your lawful wife, talking with such *ilo crojlh^rs 1' . ' Well,' said I.arr-y, putting his bands in his coat pockcts, 'Meast raid is soonest mended. 'Of ibu; ypung woman I know nothing | 'but' .this .2 do Lnown, that a woman without ' a head may well be oallrd a. good woman, because shabajno toSRUfl l Haw this* remark operated on tho matri* menial di'pule I will leave my readers to im agine. Itis. hswevw, reported that Nansy bad the . last word. Hv first word to all' men acd.boyB ' who hear nio is, Oun't id into debt., i.Btarvo aud/ga l« baaven, but don't borrow. Try first.bjFiriiirjg, I don't mind, K it's really, necdlui; stealiBg I Hut dui'c buy things ypu aao'i pay for !'— Ii i-kiu. yfnRH the songV gauo o«it of yo«f Hf-i yon aan's atart- another whilelt^ a rii^laRln ^our eara ; It'ii b«bt to havo u bit c( Lilrrcp, and out o'.that va-ba n piblm'il ojiuc by andby.— Edward Uarwir. . ThsiomMmw aitratfUa.orA' noUca tfiau thi qui?t UautsiH - a io^mu -lotwa nurs fUttBtics lha« tho s»f ftdy i-tftr, but it it bslier to b« mailiUom, afld star than eorait. foJlowlM^ not Uia itilflM ntii orbit ol 3ui«t V4cfula(«9.in tfhUU Cijd plocw iw,— olift ilall. ' ' ? AJtfKcrnPMa In ftny piiV of ouf A-irUn»' ii.Jlf.btiim tip ft Cf.tMJo tq^our, dbkois, and nevcr /aUi to tJ^ilaj of it, eiabirAf vranUo^ien§9 or^niuU-;. . ??-Most people wopldwetttd Ik imiU MiJngaf i ah«y VMtMt irooMM - wit*,: ereat; mw 