Our South Australian. Letter. [From 3ttr correspondent.-] Adelaide, Febiuary 24. ' The fifth report of the Public Service Commission Hpalipg- with the departments administered by tine Commissioner of Pub lic Works is out, and it contains much in formation valuable to the community. The m»nnw in which public votes ot money are put to uses that were never contem plated, is vety properly commented upon by the Commission There is a vote on the Estimates «f £11,000 for repairs aad additions to Government buildmge gener ally, which is intended to be used for keep ing tibe Government buildings throughout the colony in repair, but which has b?en utilised for partly refurnishing Govern ment House, at a cost of .£1,237, whilst an additional amount has been taken from the same vote of £120 for hire and breakage of catering stock during the last three years. It would be much more satisfactory to Ministers and fairer to Parliament if definate votes were taken to cover charges of this nature, Very drastic and radical changes are suggested as regards the Waterworks and Sewere Departments, with which the Commission is not satisfied. As a result of their labours the Commission see their way to saving some .£25,000 a vear,acdin addition many practical sug gestions have been made by them and and acted upon, which tend to efficiency and economy. Quite a success was-the Inaugural Ban quet of the recently formed Cornish As sociation last Friday evening in the Ban quefang- room of the Adelaide Town HaU. His Excellency the. Acting Governor (Mr. Justice Boucaut), * who is President of the Association, occupied the chair, being sup ported on hia right hand by the President of the Legislative Council, Sir Henry Ayeis, and the Premier, the Hon. Dr. Cockburn, while on the left were the Speak er, Sir J. Bray, M.P., the Minister of Edu cation, Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., and all around were many other notabilities. Far be it from me to report unto you the gist even of the many speeches delivered in glorification of that favoured spot of earth, Cornwall ; notably those of Mr. Justice Boucaut and Mr. Bonython were most brilliant and effective throughout, indeed to some of us the knowledge of the impor tant r61e that Cornwall has played in the globe's history came as a new revelation. After hearing of the close relations be tween Cornwall and Phoenicia, one began to wonder which was which! ' Amongst such very modern people as the Romans ' said Mr. Bonython, ' the foreigners of the horn-shaped land ware quite able to hold their own.' ' Did they not know'' saidthe speaker, warming to his theme, ' that the Land's End district was anciently the chosen land of the giants— above all other their favourite abode! The Bible told them that there were giants in those days, and the giants of Cornwall, judging by what they had left them, were giants to be proud of. They were men who — ' Would hiwe taken Arrfiiiio by ting hoiV, omj bait Ms neck, Or with a finger stayed Ixion'a wheel.' There too was the famous.Lyonese country, which suggested King Arthur and bis noble deeds. At Tintagel Artiur was bom and at Camelfordhe was mortally wounded. What Cornishman could think of Tintagel with out having his imagination excited ? Was not this that meeting place of— . 'The goodliest fellowship of famous fcnlglite Whereof tbia world has record?' Here that ' Every morning brought a noble chance, And every chance brought oat a noble knight.'. . These were the days of chivalry, and the great Cornishman was its best exponent. Mr. Bonython concluded by aayinfc— ' T« paraphrase a famous saying — 'Doubtless God could have made a better country, but - doubtless he never did !*' It goes without saying that the worthy Editor is of Cornish descent bimneif, and Mr. Justice Boucaut, who at the close of the speech referred to, took up the theme, is himself a Cornishman. After refer ring to the good to be effected by the society, his Excellency alluded to the skill at «ni«Twg of Corniahmen, although he admitted that their enemies bad said that Cornish captains have just as much skill in working the public as in working the mines. But this was ' a discreditable . libel, iho* no dis paragement to the Cornish intellect. Talking of their language, he said that until the 17th century sermons were de livered in Cornish, and that the prettiest of Armoric dialects had only been abandon ed for the vulgar tongue of the Sassenachs in order the better to get at them. ' He would not talk of their fisheries, their copper and tin industries, their porcelain clay or other antiquities— the cronolecks, the moBoleths, die circles and other re mains of primeval times, far more interest iin£ than any other in the iwlgti^j nor of the pluck or endurance of the Saltish women, except to say that the crew of which Anna Glanville was stroke, and which he had seen, would, he believed, have beaten any crew of men. even, with a couple of men extra! He however boasted of the Cornish Piskies — far more lovable gentle crea- tures than the fairies over the Tamar, — and their ghosts, which were terrors. The Cornish, loved fair play. They did not kick in wrestling in his time, although he had been told that the Devon people had somewhat corrupted them since. It was even said that a congregation, on wreckage intent, would wait for the parson, so that he might have a fair start. After referring to the many celebrated men who hailed from Cornwall and to the autograph letter written by Charles the First to the inhabitants of Carmdale, to express his gratitude for the warmth of their devotion to himself, his Excellency concluded his brilliant speech by saying : — ' The Cornislunen are a small population — about the same as that ef ^uth Australia, and they occupied a -small portion of the earth's surface, yet on Hie face of God's earth there did not exist, ther« never did exist, ajid judging by the tendftpcififl and circumstances ' of the human race, there never would exist, a nation so sparse in population, and with such a limited coun try, with so long continued and so glorious a history.' What wonder after such a pe roration that the Hen. J. EL Gordon, the Minister of Education, arose and humbly apologised for being a Scotchman! He said, however, that ha had done the beat he could to remedy that defect by marry ing the daughter of a pure- breJ Cousin ack ! Well, whatever good the newly formed society may effect in the way of benefiting brother Comishmen, its pro moters enjoyed a capital banquet, many brilliant speeches and excellent songs; winding np with 'And shall Trelawny Die?' sung with telling «ffect, with the -rhole company joining heartily in the chorus. A number of our members of Parliament have been to Melbourne to eramine into rti» various forms of electric lighting now in vogue there, in order to assist them in considering the question of lighting Parliament Housa by elecixicity. This Electric Light Commission inspected all the institutions in the Victorian eapital which are lighted by this means, and took evidence xegardhag the results in connection with publicaad private institutions. The VghtiTifr of trains by electricity was also a matter of consideration. All the members ot the Commission have returned with the exception of Mr. Todd, the Postmaster General, who basgone on to Sydney to at tend the Postal Conference. Whilst in Sydney he means also to investigate the system of electric lighting about to be adopted there. . ? The executors of the Intalix. William Everard paid, last Friday, the legacies to public institutions ihp'Ia nn^ that gentle man'e wilL These were :— Adelaide ' Uni versity, ,£1,000; Cottage Homes, £100} Children's Hospital, JE100 ; Convalescent Home, .£100 ; Home for Incurables, £100: Blind Deaf and Dumb Asylum, JEIOO ; iu, the bequests were free of legacy duty. Captain Amora, the late manager of the Adelaide Steamlaunch Company, received last Thursday a handsome presentation of a gold locket and chain (the former con taining an inscription Highly eulogising his abuity, courtesy, and busineis like principles) at an entertainment provided by a large number of gentlemen at the Sema phore. It is pleasant to knew that one is appreciated — a pleasure Captaiir Amora most have ? .experienced when it was allowed by general acclamation that he had been :— ™ always willing to oblige, always at his post and ready in . cases of emergency^ Every facility that .j possibly could be offered was given by | Captain Armor* totheagents of the vessels that arrived at the anchorage as well as to the general public.' Would that there were more officials of his stamp ! No wonder tliat his resignation of his post is regret ted. 