"MELBOURNE ECHOES. Excursion tickets will be issued to-daj' and aionaay next, to all stations in the colony, to last till the lllst inSt. Monday will be recog nised as a public holiday. Attracted by our bright southern skies at this season ladies in considerable numbers grace our streets, which present a lively and gay appearance. AYhilc at the close of the holidays a slight stagnation of business may be experienced, yet the happy and interest ing groups dressed in their attractive and be coming summer attire, seen on ' the block" when (lis south breeze tempers the otherwise mtcn.-e heat of summer, would seem to indi cate that some branches of commercial enter prise still secure a fair share of patronage. Of late Melbourne lias been the arena, not of political controversy, but of scientific de bate.. t icloria's capital has been ! ho rendez vous of an august assemblage of scientists, among whom were loaders in the scientific world from the various Australasian colonics. Papers bearing on imporlanl quasi ic-ns relative to the welfare of the ccniinunitv have been read and discussed, and now that the Aus tralasian Association for the Advancement of Science lias concluded its formal meetings, th.e members are engaging in various excur- sions which will servo c-itiiei as pleasure trips or scientific ramble?, according to incli nation. At this science congress a paperwas read by Air. II. K. llnsik-n, of Si. iviida, on the question of cremation. Arguments were adduced to show that cemeteries as they now exist are detrimental to health, .j While in sparsely populated localities the evils of bun::! v.r-renoi apparent, in countries where population rapidly multiplied, it became necessary to dispossess the dead, and ceme teries having to be ro-dy;; and again utilized, now consisted more of d woiiuv.ring bodies than of soil, which might become propagators of destructive epidemics. Another advan tage urged in favor of cremation was that it was cheaper than burial. In Japan, v.-hen wvovai are cremated ioguiiicr, th.e cost is the modest sum of '.'s. t?d. lint notwithstanding mi ilii?. is tinrc not something repulsive at a lime when the mind is wrapped In the gloom of sorrow to contemplate the incineration of a body whose presence once shed gladness in ' the home : nor would emotional feeling be any more pacified with tlio tiiou.-lit iliat in the elegant receptacle provided were the puri fied ; 1 '--? of the depnri'.-d. Scarcely at present is Victorian population so massed as to prompL tiie thought of erecting crematories in this fair land. The recent serious fire at Messrs. Levy Bros., in Luiisdale-sireet, led our city coun cillors to consider the advisability of securing legislation to prohibit the building of bouses in the city above a certain height. Ilelaiivc to the question oi' ornament there may be dif ference of opinion as to whether buildings of the extreme height to which many of them are now being carried are desirable. Uni formity in height of structure may bo more nearly attained as years pass 011, but at .resent these gigantic buildings, towering high above the others, presenif to the be- uoider in the distance the i-.tea of giants feel ing for the air. But another thought arises 111 coimueiion with these lowering structures. In prevent a calamity such as might have occurred at Buxton's fire, it would be advisa hie to require owners of the large buildings to construct e>:tcvnai vtairs 10 enable occupants of the upper rooms to escape when fire oc curs. i.-umc welt arranged contrivance should be devised io insure tho escape of liigh-story occupants in time oi fire, the governing mu nicipal body seeing that this provision is made that life _ may not be jeopardized. JJai-dsume buildings ceriainly make a city wovihy ox respec-i : but while examples of modern architecture in other capitals are be ing followed, the humane aspect in connection with architecture must not be overlooked. Slid there is a probability of minimising tho danger when fire takes hold of these gigantic erections, ior iho..c is a possibility of the lire appliances oi tire city becoming more com plete by the addition oi a Hayes extension ladder. Often have the wires ii-at stretch above our 'leads in tire city streets been referred to as unsightly, wliiie they have proved obstacles to firemen engaged in the discharge of their duties. The poles which carry the telegraph and telephone wires are also the supports for the wires of the electric light company, along which passes a force sufficient to destroy a building or a life. If by tniv means these dangerous high tension wires were io coma in cuniaci with the message or telephone wires ihoy would immediately become a medium to convey the whole tremendous current, carry ing with it death and fire. Harmless as these wires appear to the onlooker, er,;nuci; with them means death or contiagraiioii. New York supplies one painful iiio.-tratlon of contact with these closurse ii; i:t vires when non- insulated. Cany, ing Into a show a show case which cams in contact with a ucii- in.-u!aiC'tl wire of an ars-'iight, one oi the two the obstacle, and irani-t-dii-te'v lie v.tts a corpse, lite electric current lis.--. hie passed in till its force '."iireugii his body. Bunion, too, fuvmslies anothei example oi what may re st:!'. from contain with rinse high tension wives, eharge-i '..ill; a current oi xOO'j voile and upward?. The most ili-?..«!re:ri lire that city lias known ior ; .. : r : - — a r , .J .-.-'.lie;: ha; uiiiied into r- blr. vkmeq .vasts an area oi commercial cyttiblirhnif::'..?. cad ring tlw oilier?, be ides co.-rin;, the insurance corn- power wire iafiing tier-.;?.? a -ire connected wi;li tho clock?, rl the Jii.: ':ie rime Com pany, tho switchboard in tie: ofih-o oi she company which v.-u; in the . 1 x : r.h-vre the lire started, probably being ijaited by tlio ex- Tlie city lias again been vkifod by fire. This time the largo ff re-storicd building known as tlio Adelaide Ch/mibsrs. rteaied in Queen-st re :?, near its ir.le- tetioR with Bittie Collins-snoot, being the :-e:ne of the cc-niia- gration. There sc-rei? m as same doubt as to where the tiro originated, the night watch man declaring it to i:c- in the basement, and then by way of the stairs reaching rite top most story : while iho opinion of the jhenien is that ihe flames commenced in tlie upper portion oi the Unfitting. Be that as it may, great loss am! damage has been the result, wholly parshw.bfi- the business of two firms, while ether occupants of the building have had to seek sscr.mmotlation elsewhere. Two matters which must be speedily reineaied were painfully noticeable dm i:.g the yrogrcxs of the Hames — first, the r.i-.iacda io the efforts of the firemen eat: sad by ate telegraph wirc-s stretched overhead : and seeunfiiv, ihe lack of discipline o!-;-en i.-bla among the va rious brigades.. Uuii: he. aer orgiini/wii.j.-i Is effected, there- w::'. always be :a ;' , expen diture of effort ia-.tead of ts.-:..-fiA -jviieeimv.- tion of energy- Should a vrail of uni-niT' fie heard vinsin;?. in the air in tho vyy;b .>£ usually quiet Brunswick, it will !! a.iv.at " lotiu-l to j - eeed from one who .has daringly uttere.! a. tirade agaim-: Use 11 female ai::-v:i(.-." So- centlv the inanagor of a pv : haii:: il Brunswick itas posed beir.-x- :':. Bamteiw in stitute as a critic of existing evils in Mel bourne. Hir- caustic remarks, while leveled at the Aus'ralian native, wno in many >???- peel -, l. 'x proved himself equal to iiiv. "uiaoi whose infant cry was first heard in Efigbuj.' are also made to be .love's thuiid,ii:boiis hurleu on the head? of our worthy imatfeus. This doughty champion of /esthetic pioYite- ness regard? our maidens, and mairoibs, too, for aught I know, 2> being devoid of good manners by crowding into tram? and trains,. coirme'.iing the poor abused men to stand during their liouieward journey,, "lxcause," savs our critic, the ienialc nuHAancc wiil not (leien to find r. seat for her.selt white she can reckon on gentlemen giving up their seats — in oiiailinies mistaken esijantry— without getlin;; the least reeognilioa of: the courtesy fi'om the female." Aiay we ever have the " female nuisance " to rest the gallantry of life Australian native, which " nuisance," I venture to assert, will never occasion a blacl: look, or call forth the ghost of a wish for tho room rather than the company of the " female nuisance." The epidemic of influenza which lias bean prevalent in Europe for the last two months is now decidedly abating on the ( ontiiieut. Sir H. M. Stanley lias announced. the i -intention of remainieg in Egypt until Iris middle of March,' 