The Advertiser. PUBLIBIIeD EVERY TUm?DAY, TIHUOSDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. Bairnsdale, Saturday, January 1, 1890. I? the last bulletin issued by the de partment of Agriculture there is an article on liquorice-a plant whose cultivation has hitherto been neglected in Victoria. The writer of the paper is the secretary, Mr. D. Martin, who says he knows of no reason why liquorice should not prove a profitable crop to grow in Victoria. In 1887, the latest year for which returns are available, 85,0501b of liquorice, veluld at £2710, was imported into Victoria, on which a duty of 2d per lb was paid. The plant is a native of the South of Europe, and of many parts of Asia, as far as China. It has for centuries been cultivated all over Europe, ex cepting in the colder climates, and to some extent in the warmer counties of England, the product being freely mentioned by writers as far back as the Elizabethan period. Liquorice re quires a deep, rich, loose soil, trenched, and, if requisite, manured. It is a perennial. The roots penetrate to a depth of three or four feet, but some. timeseven more,the smooth,straightlap rootsboeing themostesteemed. Above ground it has herbaceous stalks four or five feet high, pinuated leaves, and small papilionaceous flowers, violet, purplish, or whitish in tint. It is pro pagated by cuttings of the root stocks. Planting should be done in the spring. As to the time whon the roots may he dug, authorities differ. European writers say that about three years should elapse from the time of plant ing, but Mr. Charles Moore, director of thebo Sydney Botanical Gardens, and who gave evidence before the Itoyal Commission on Vegetable Products, asserts that a return can be had in one year. In reply to a question he said, "If you put a plant into light sandy soil it yields a crop in the first year." This is no doubt correct-in a sense. Small roots might be got the first year, but the universal prao tice in Europe is to lot the roots mature for three years, and that would no doubt be the wisest course for farmers hero to follow. Cuttings should be about six inches long, and must be selected with eyes and buds, the long, smooth, straight roots being, of course, useless for planting. They are dibbled eighteen inlches apart in rows throe fooeet wide. Thoe cuttings should be covered with soil and kept free from weeds. During the threeoo yehro' waiting, the intervening spaces may.bo itilised for small vegetables, uichsno onions, etc. In Europe, where th v winters are severest, thlo stoms wither, and may be removed. But in this genial climate that effect may not be produced. To the third year the roots must be removed by trenching, taking care that none remain in the ground, or they would grow op and interfere with future cultivation. The common liquorice sold in the shops is vet:y simply and easily prepared. The roots are sliced by any of the common slicing implements, anod lightly boiled in water until it becomes saturated with the sweet mucilaginous juice of the roots.Tho decoction should boallowed to rest, so that any earthy or other im purities may sick to thobottom. The Juice is then strained and evaporated by gentle heat until it becomes suffi ciently solid to be rolled out in the familiar shape we son it in the shops. The viscid juice is also sometimes pressed into square boxes, holding about two cwt., and, in that state, ex ported. Tho uses for liquorice in medicine and in the domestic circle are too well-known to require mention, but the groat bulk of all the liquorice produced in Europe is taken by the porter brewers. Porter, to suit the proper taste, cannot be brewed without the addition of liquorice, which gives it the requisite body and flavor, and also, no doubt, adds something to the wholesomeness of the liquor. View ing the whole question of liquorice production, it is evidlent that it is by no means an industry for any strug gling farmer to meddle with, but to those who can spare the requisite time and attention there can be no-doubt that there is money in it. In our supplement to-day will be found the continuation of the serial story, the Manager's Favorite, some light reading matter, and an article on Bairnsdale industries. A start was made on Thursday last with the erection of the Bairnsdalo railway station. Tenders have been called for the construction of the line of railway from the Sale station to the canal. The temperature in the shade in Bairnsdale on Thursday last was 103 degrees. During the night, however, a change set in, and yesterday light rain fell at intervals throughout the day. Yesterday a proclamation was issued formally proroguing Parliament from the 12th January until the 4th March; at the expiration of that time a further proclamation will be issued proroguing Parliament until an early date in May, when the next session commences. IMessrs. Holloway and Co's store at Coongulmerang was broken into early on Thursday morning, and a quantity of goods removed. It has been definitely decided that the banquet to be given M'essrs Allan M.'Lean and H. Foster, Ms.L.A., and other members of the country party, by the Bairnsdale branch of the Victorian Farmers' and Graziers' Protection Association, will be held on Friday evening, the 24th last, at the Theatre Royal. On the same afternoon the hlion. the Chief Secretary, Mr Alfred Deakin, will deliver his promised lecture on irrigation. The Lakes Navigation Company has reverted to its usual summer timo table, and until further notice a steamer will run direct from Sale to the Entrance daily, and from Bairns dole to the Entrance. The alteration reached us too late to be made this issue in the company's advertisement which appears in our first page. Concerning Mr G. C. Mila, the Shakesperian actor, who is announced to appear at the Theatre Royal, Bairnsdale, on Monday evening next, yesterday's PTimes makes the following reference to his appearance before a Salo audience:-Mr ~liln's perform ance throughout was an intellectual treat of a very high order. His selec tions from Hamlet, a character which he has played some 850 times, were given with a degree of dramatic power which marked him as an actor of ex ceptional ability. The first scene given was that between Hamlet and the ghost in the first act, ending with the speech commencing, " Rest, rest perturbed spirit." This was followed by the play scene in tlhe third act, the concluding lines "Why, lot the stricken door go weop," woer given with such tragic force that Mr Milu was rewarded with loud and long sus tained applause. The grave yar.l sceno was also well rendered. The Forum scene from "Julius Casar," and Mercutio's Dream from " Romeo and Juliet," concluded the Shakes perian selections, and in each of them Mer Mil was loudly applauded. The performance concluded with a reading from Charles Dickosns'ainteresting and pathetic story of a " Christmas Carol." The annual installation of offieors in the Union Lodge of Freemasons, North Gippaland, took place yester day afternoon, when Bro. J. Kennedy Smith was. installed in the clair of King Solomon, according to ancient custom. Bro. P. Blashki, of Mol bourne, acted as installing master, assisted by Bro. Dr Reid, of Sale. The following officers were duly in stalled and invested with the insignia of their respective olficos, viz., ,V.1st., Bro. J. Kennedy Smitll; J.P.M, Bro. W. L. A. Elston ; S.W., Bro. II. Hop. kins; J.W., Bro. Jas. Jackson; S.D., Bro. F. East wood ; J.D., Bro. Win. L'Briar ; treasurer, Bro. J. A. Tay lur; secretary, Bro. II. G. A. Winkleo mann; chaplain, Bro. Rev . E. . Veal; I G., Bro. S. A. Bush; atewards, Bros. O. Itichter and A. Kraemer; tyler, Bro. P. Redenbaclh. In the everoning the banquet was hsld ill the Ihall, and about 40 brethren sat down to no excellent repast provided by Mr Wmin. Wilson, of Iailu street. During the evening thile toasts of " The Queen," "The Newly Installed BMasetor," "The Oftieors," " Tle lIn. stalling lfaeters," sand others, were duly hIonored, Vocal and instru mental music added to tihe harmony of the evening, and the brothren seopnratedj afteor having spent a very pleasoant Ihour or two, Threeoo local pedestrians have oenteroed the lists to walk against Scott, the champion, at the Theatro Royal, Bairnsdalo, this nvuning, Scott has agreed to give eash of Ili men a liberal handicap, and the onoe who makes the best performance will be presented with a silver medal. The public will be admitted to the exhibi tion at one shilling each. This will positively be Scott's last night in Bairnsdalc. To morrow nud Mouday next two demonstrations will be hold in Bairns dale by the members of the Salvation Army. Major Wright, Adjutant Cnm ming and Captain Gilmour, will take part in the proceedings. On Monday evening a tea and public mooting will be held in the barracks, Nicholfon street. In Thursday's Melbourne papers it is mentioned that a proposal is under the consideration of the Ministor of Agriculture to extend the system under which very successful results have attended the exportation of butter and fruit to England. It is now pro. posed to despatch regular consign monts of potatoes to London by the Orient Steamship Company's steamers. It has been found that the most favor able time for sending butter in order to secure a good market is during December, whilst fruit despatched during February and March realioes good prices on reaching London. The Orient Steamship Company has do. clined to provide two separate degrees of temperature in the freezing chambers so as to permit of butter and potatoes being sent at the same time. Under these circumstanceos it has boon arranged to forward the potato cargoes between the dates set apart for despatching butter and fruit. By this means the potatoes will reach London towards the latter end of January and the middle of February, when they sell from £20 to £30 a tono. It is estimated that potatoes can be put on board steamers in Hohson's Bay at £2 15? per ton, and after paying from £3 to £4 freightage a large profit will remain for the growers. In all probability a conference of the heads of the Education departments of South Australia, Tasmania and Vic toria, will be hold towards the end of the month with the object of consider ing and adopting an Australian read ing book suitable for those colonies. Mr. Hartley, head of the Education department in South Australia, has written to Dr. Pearson, states the Age, intimating that he will be able to at tend the conference on any date fixed upon during the present month, and the Minister of Education has telo graphed to Mr. Stephens, depart mental bead of the Taesmanian Educa tion branch, informing him that the matter would come on for coneidera tion during the month, and requesting to be informed of the exact date that would be suitable to him. Mr. Ewart, of the Queensland Education office, has already stated that owing to press. ing engagements he would be unable to leave Brisbane until about mid winter, but that the Qucensland Government is quite willing to agree to any decision arrived at. New South WVales was consulted in the matter, but declined to have anything to do with the conference. A prize of £300 is to be offered by the Government for the best construe. ted chamber suitable for the cool stor age of butter and cream during the summer months. There are 23 butter dairies in the colony, and considerable difficulty has been experienced in pro viding a cheap and elfective method of keeping both the manufactured and unmanfactured article in good condi. tion. It is anticipated that the offer ing of a prize will lead to the erection of a number of suitable structures, which will be thoroughly tested under pratical conditions, and the best one selected. The Age says that the Minister of Mines has instructed Mr. E. Dunn, a geologist, who has had considerable experience on goldfields of Cape Colony, to make a special report on the Devonian formation found between the Avon and Mitchell rivers. A considerable amount of gold has re cently has been found in alluvial digg ings at Gladstone and Freestone creeks, but, as there is no appenance of quartz formations in the vicinity, the existence of the alluvial deposits is a mystery. Mr. Dunn has had oppor tunities of noting the existence of gold hearing wash near Devonian rocks in Cape Colony and thatis the reason why has been specially requested to inspect and report on the gold deposits between the Mritchell and the Avon rivers. The Melbourno dailies state that the Railway department has within the last few days lot a number of con tracts for the construction of goods trucks to small firms at the schedule price, £77 each. The department supplies all timber rough cut to sizes, wheels and axles, buffers, lubricating pads and various portions of the iron work to the contractors. In all 650 trucks have been lot to small firms in this way in lots ofS0 or multiplies of GO each, and the conditions provide that one-fifth of the nnmber lot to each contractor must be delivered within four months, and one-fifth every three months. thereafter, thus giving each contractor 10 months in which to fulil his contract- There are at least two firms in Bairnedalo who are willing to undertake work of this description, but somehow or other they are never given a chance of tendering for it. Accounts are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnsdalo, for R. Alex ander W. Armstrong, Bairnadalo Ladies' Benevolent Society, Bnrang Prospecting Committoee, F.. Bonnett, Jas. Brothorton, Tp. A. Bryvnt, N. Cameron, Hy. Cousens, R, iCamoron, ?E. Cox, W. Donaldsot, T. Evans, E. Foloy, J. Francia, B. HIollowell, J. IIarcoan, T. S, Kay, F. Kreymbor-, J. S. Loster, O. Marriott, J. J. M'I'Kinley, O. Neville, J. Nichol, Orbost Prospecting Committee, S. and W. Pearson, H. Reid, A. M. tnadhnight, II. E. Robinsou, G. Storey, II. Stoney, R. Townaused, J. Thompson, G. Willieams, J. Woodger, J. A. Watt and A. Watsou. 'I ho yield of whelnat for 1889-00 is estimated to aveorageo bushels per Mr Matthewe, the director of the Maryhorough School of Mines, ihas rocesoed the appointment of director of the Stnwell School of Mines, and will take charge early nexot month. A ftsmivly at iama liavo suffered from poisoning through eating tinned salmon. The ellirgo of criminal aessault preo furred against three navvies on the Neerim railway line has been dis missed. Under cross.examination the prosecutrix's evidence was considerably shaken. Mr John Monio, who was one of the contractors for the Sale and Strat ford railway line, died'at'tho residence of his father-in-law, Mr Jonas Cone, Surrey Hills, on Tuesday last. Mr Cameron, M.L.A., has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary asking that his name should be removed from the list of candidates nominated for for the new Board of Public Health. The Rev. A. .T. Wade, Presbyterian minister at Rosedale, met with an ac cident on Monday last. The Times states that while riding between his house and the railway station his horse ran against a tree, with the reasult that the rev. gentleman received a cut on the head, and narrowly escaped concussion of the brain. Mr Joseph R. Cox, member for county Clare in the House of Com mons, is expected in Sydney shortly from Hobart. Mr Co is a prominent Home Ruler, and will address meet ings at places not visited by the Irish delegates. Of Saturday next, the 18th inst., at Williamstown, Mr. Wm. Duthie will submit the screw steam launch Echo to public auction. The Echo was built in Sydney in 1882; she is 40ft long, 81t beam, and aft ilin deep. She carries 24 passengers and steams about nine knots on a consumption of 8ewt of fuel per day. Other particulars con cerning her will be found in an ad vertisement in another column. Mr David. Brewster, a driver em ployed on the Portland harbor works, lost his life on Thursday last. It is supposed that he fainted when beneath the water, and was suffocated before those above know that anything was wrong. Three miniature Highlanders, two boys and a girl, were carried shoulder high in the throng which met Lord Hopetoun on his visit to Ballarat on Wednesday last. He was pleased with their appearance, and gave a special bow in answer to their little cheer, at which they were delighted, but they presently complained, "Mam ma, we saw the Earl, but he was not dressed like us." The Rev. Dr. Nish, whose name is familiar as household words in Pres byterian circles throughout the colony, and who has been identified with the spiritual and social advancement of a large section of the citizens of Sand hurst for over a quarter of a century, is about to vacate the pastoral charge of St. Andrew's church in that city, with a view of retiring from the active work of preaching. A movement is on foot to present him with some suitable testimonial. The move ment, says the Age, promises to be attended with great success, for Dr Nish by his marked ability and tihe very valuable service he has ren dered to his church commands the warm respect of the Presbyterian body, whilst by his genial manner and other good qualities he has won the sincere esteem of all classes. In the early days of the colony, Dr Nish's labors in preaching the gospel and es tablishing churches in remote and thinly populated districts were very arduous, and in latter years he dis charged with great zeal and ability the duties of clerk to the general as sembly. Dr Nish also rendered in valuable assistance in arranging and codifying the laws of the church. A large number of subscriptions have been already received by the Roev. Dr. W. Ross, of Lancefield, and Mr ,. L. Hlutchinson, Collins street, who will continue to receive further subscrip. tions until the 31st inst. 