ORoveltefc NABJA; OBi A Battle With Death. ? — ' ' A Love Story Founded on the Mys teries- ot Theosopby and Transmigration. By FliEDEBIO M. DEY, Author oj ' Ntirha; or, Reuben Cogswell's ' Testamentary Request,' ? CHAPTER I. THOSE EVE8 0F BIiAZINd FIRE. The atory whioh I am abont to relate is so filled with mystery, so reploto with those things whiah the world calls impossibilities, that I can often find myself wondering if it . ? oan-be true, Can it be that I havo dreamed it all, and by reason ot its constant assoola _ tion with faots, have thus taught myself to believe it? No, no I By my Bide sitB Nadja, and from her lips oome tbe repeated assur ance; mat it haB been no dream. In the wondrouB depth ot her midnight eyes I see that aU has been reality. I know that I now dwell in the perfeot bliss of - her love, and that I have only obtained it by arising, Phcauix-like, from tin ashes of the blighting, consuming fire whioh scarred me, body and soul, beyond recognition. I can hear now tbe hissing of tho flame, andean yet- feel tbe eoorahing, withering heat that ehot ont from . the woman with the burning eyes, her Nemesis and mine, 'No, not It has boen no dream. It was all too horrible, too terrible, too reall I have lived it through ; I. have ' borne tho tests; I havo fought the dread battle with dark mystery for a toe, and I have been vic torious. From out the maze of smoke and heat, tho terror of tho dread daol to the death, where in the woman-fiend was ao often, for a time, tho viator, I have issued unaoathed ; and as I look baok upon that strange chapter ot my life, and bring to mind tho wonderful power ot my BteadfaBt friend, who so insgioally peno trated ..tho myateries that vbuld otherwise havo engulfed mo, as I rooall..the almoBt im .. possib'le aohievcmcnta ot hid1 oooultism, his \- knowledge ot the blaok arts of Hindoo lore, I start yot again with wonder and alarm, and it ia not till I /eel her arms twining around \- .???.?: my nook, until her warm, red flips: are pres aing mine, that I am assured Ithat I do not sleep, that I havo not been doming, that I . may not soon open my eyes tj find that lam atili alone in my studio, in t'e fading light, r ot-day, unloved, sad, and 'with passing hours beooming more and mtai t»: confirmed dreamer, - ! n;.; V ; ?' Bat I will ten, ,'T^'ray ii rde'taijfcLwlir unfold it, paja 'py page, Tii iiifentbyTnof danj^-and perhaps the rcoita tho oaieful re ? - - ' froipaot.'may help to drive a ay the fjnoles , , — ? whioh the terror and the horn r of it all hare . so firmly impressed upon me. | I oat alono in my studio just as day was merging into night — alono with the ghosts which . my fanoy wrought upon eaoh half finished oanvas, as the eddying light of that dying day beeame with eaoh moment more and more Bheathed in shadow. I was rapidly becoming a viotim of melancholia ; my gaiety had turned, during tho past few months, into m'oroBeness, my \- high spirits into bitter dissatisfaction and petulanse, The day, whioh was just drawing to a i close, had been one of bitter disappointment to me, for I had eeen tho honor whioh my ability had rightfully won deliberately awarded to another. Outwardly I remained calm, but upon returning to my studio I had . thrust my hand and arm through the oanvaB upon whioh my groatost effort had been growing day by day for weeks.' I had ruinod tho painting effectually, and' then, with a grin ot satisfaction, I had lighted my pipe and thrown myself into tho lounging ohair bofore the window, where I sat watohing the Bunsot tintsand bitterly wondering it those same connoisseurs who had condemned mo , would not also have passed by those golden olouds with whioh Nature's bruBh had so grandly decorated the sky. . As I watohed tho gorgeous: ooloring, tho atrip of gold-hued cloud, I beeame imbued with the idoa that Fate had placed it there bb a promise for my luturo ; but I laughed ^ aloud, ironically, at tho thought, whilo I muttered savagely : ' Although it ia gold now, should I but touch it, it would turn to btaBs on the instant.' Still I could not drive away the thought ; it ' was pleasant to dream upon, . and so I allowed my tanoy to build its caBtles in the air. .- Suddenly there was a sharp rap upon the panel ot my door. It oame so unexpectedly and broke in so rudely upon my dreaming that I hadYeapod to my feet before I realised the nature ot the alarm, For a moment I thought that I would make no response. I was not in the mood to entortain, and still less to bear the pity ing condolences of some artist friend, who had probably called for the ??' purpose ot mourning .with mo over my defeat.' As I i . Btood in the oentre of the floor, bndeoided whether to admit my caller or not,' the rap was repeated, and ttiat alarm waa bo muoh louder than thepreooding one had been, that I hesitated no longer, but stopped quickly forward. and threw open the door.' ? ? With : a loud ory I staggered baok, and . stood staring affrightediy into the biaak darkness of the corridor, for there, before me, were two balls ot living firo, glowing, sparkling, burning. They blazed npon mo ' ' from the darkness, bb though some wild beaut of tbe junglo were crouahing thero, ready to spring upon and devour mo, In deed, that was tho first sensation of which I was consoiouB, and the next .one came when a voice— a woman's voioe— addressed me: ' Ib this the studio ot Mr. Oongdon ?' ' It ia,' I replied, in a low tone, not yet ? having reoovered my wits, ,and. mentally ohidiug my own folly and stupidity. ' Will you walk in?' She entered— a tall figure habited entirely ? '??. '' ? -V . .... '? :: 1 'Vl;..'' \ , in uioOk — ana l could uot ucip gnuadtiing u» she draw near to me, just as though her very presence had brought a dread with it — a premonition ot coming evil. I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling that tlio darkness was tbe oauao of my fanoioB, and then turned to offer my visitor a chair. But again I Btarted violently, for tho face that I saw before mo was so atrango, bo un natural in its doath-liko lividnoss. Her complexion, though dark almost to swarthi ness, had absorbed a pallor which reminded me ot a sheet of parchment buried for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to bo at last ex humed, yellowed by a thousand years of time. Tho ooloring of her face waB as nothing, however, and I wonld have speedily for gotten it had not her jotty hair set it off bo Btrangely, bo vividly. But when myglanoe met hers — when I looked into her cyeB I stood appalled. Thoy literally burned, and with a fire bo intense that I involuntaiily put up my handB, as though to bar out tho heat that must bo emitted from them. I was ropellod yet fascinated. I longed to fly from the blazing fury whioh seemed ever ready to dart out upon me, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer, I waB terror strioken, yet charmed, I did not speak— I aould not. Tho room grow suddenly hot and ntifling, my breath came with diffloulty, and I had the feeling that my senBeB were in some unaccountable manner being stolen from me. Summoning all my energies with one mighty effort, I turned to the window and drew down iilao curtain. The diversion re lieved me, the oppressive sensations wero gone, so that when I again faced_ my guest I believed that my imagination had played me a triok, for tho fire had died out of her strango, dark eyes, leaving tbom dim and almoBt expres sionless, while around the oornors ot her mouth there played a peculiar smile, no though in tho briat interval during whioh Bhc had been with me Bomo query that had been upon her mind wqb Effectively an swered I was impressed with the idea that, however she might state tho objeot of lier call, there was some hidden intent behind it, ol whioh I was to beoomo an unsuppooting, perhaps unoonseiouslviatim. I felt a strango, sudden ohill steal over me — that shiver whioh ohildren say is caused by the net of somebody in stepping upon one's futuro gravo. 'Mr. Oongdon, ' sho said, ' I havo oome here upon tho recommendation of one ot your artist friends, a Mr. Jules Dolormo.' ' Ah 1' I replied, abruptly, for I suddenly rememberod that as I wob leaving tho Aoademy that afternoon Jules had thrust a bit of folded paper into my hand, whioh I, in turn, had oomigned to my pooket without ronding, being too much ooenpied by Iho biUerncsB of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it referred to this call, and I wishod that I had read it. How ever, I could do so as soon &b; I should be again alono, '1 want you to paint a poitrait for mo,' oho^ oontinued, sinking into tho ea3y chair against tfhioh my pipo was Btill leaning— ' the portrait ot ono who is so beautiful' that you havo but to Bueoeed in making a perfect pioturo to beaome at onoo famous.' I bowed in reply, for I dared not apeak j my hoart was bounding with too much exul tation, It was tho very opportunity for whioh I had longed. ' You will have but littlo time in which to aoopmplish tho task set for you,' eho went on in a lowmonotono whioh seemed peouliar to her ; ' three days at the moat.' ' Imposaiblol' I cxolaimcd. 'No artiet aould do a portrait justico with only threo sittings, and I leaet of nil.' Sho shrugged her shoulders, 'Nothing is impossible if tbe will be but strong enough, True, you will have your model tor only three sittings, but they may begin early and end at your own pleasuro. May I depend upon you to paint tho portrait, Mr. Oongdon ? Will you do it ?' 'But there are others who possess muoh greater talent than I,' I began with some agitation, but she interrupted me quiokly. 'For my purposes,' she said, in a low tone, ' believe: me, there is no one halt as oapable aa yourself. Will you do It ?' | She leaned forward as she asked, the ques tion, and -again for an instant heir eyes blakea with that strange fire which rendered tha atmoiphsre l breathed ' stifling.: . -r ;?) ' v.:; ? ' Oan it bei a .portrait of her own ;feoe i'il thought, for with all the weirdneBs whioh seemed to be a part of her, there was yet a strango, wild beauty woven into her features. 'But no,' I halt muttered in reply to my own thought, and then I answered her aloud. ' I will attempt it,' I said -, and a strange, exulting smile illuminated her fgee for an in stant. 'Tell me, now, who and what ie my model}' I continued; and aB I asked the question my visitor's faae lighted up yet onoe again with that incomprehensible omilo. ' Your model,' she replied, in a low tone whioh thrilled me, ' is ono who sinoo she first breathed the breath of life has been my conBtant oare. She iB beautiful, the perfec tion of areation. Were you gifted with the imagination ot the gods of art and with the brush ot Guido, and oould you sit her alone In your studio and transfer to oanvas a por traiture of the aomo of beauty, tho perfeot ideal of lovelinesB, you would have no need to see your model, for her pioturo would grow before your eyes.' She roso from her low Beat in tbe easy ohair, and laid a oard npon the table, and ' then glided rapidly towards tlie door. Pausing as she waB about to pass through it, Bhe said : ' We will be ready for you at nine in the morning. The address 1s upon the card.'- The door olosed behind her and sho waB gono, while I still remained seated upon the stool in front of my easel, oonsoions that I had Bhown her but eoant courtesy, and yet, for some reatton, powerless to move. For a long time after sbo had left me I remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant ; why I had boon Boleoted as the artist for this work when thero wore bo many with ready- made reputa tion who were oortainly more capable. I wondered who my caller oould be, and why her preeenao had moved me so Btrangely. I marvelled thai I, who believed myself so strong, had been so easily swayed by the will of a strange woman. My head throbbed with new ??nsations long after she had gone, while many misgivings proBentod themselves to my fanciful mind as tho possiblo consequence of her visit. At laat I reached forward and took ap the card whioh sbo had left upon the table, but as I glanoed at it I felt a thrill ot dis may. Thero was no name upon it— nothing but the address. The street and number were thero plainly enough, but thai was all. I did not yot know who my visitor was, nor oonld I learn until the morrow. She did not give mo her name ; I had not thought to ask it, In fact, the more I pon dered over the ooourronoo the more I became oonvinoed that in Bomo way ot whioh I was totally ignorant my visitor hall compelled mo to remain satisfied with tho little she' ohoBe to tell me, and' that my natural zeal tor learning all that could bo learned regarding the appointment bad been for gotten. Had I been roado tho viotim ot a hoax, or was my oalier insane? Suddenly I rememborad tho note whioh Jules bad thrust into my band at tho door of the Aoadomy, and I . drew it forth eagerly, thinking that I would . there, find some ex. planationof the ohdin ol oiraumstancos. But a new disappointment awaited me as I re»4 the note, It rani s ' ? ? _ ' l)i£AU IIlikkly, — I Siwc taken tlie liteity of recommending jour name to a pereon who wishes a portrait of the most boautiiul creature 1 ever e&w.; 1 declined tho task tor reasons which you will under stand when you bco your model, I oould not havo dono the paintiug justioe. but I am oonvinoed that you can. You know what a dread I havo ot anything out ot the beaten track. I would say moro it I could, but I havo broken my word even now, for I pro mUcd to say nothing, and I am obliged to confess that I do not even know tho name ot the person to whom I havo recommended you. I hope that you will undertake tho portrait and succeed well with it. ' Jcleb Delorue.' For a long time I pondered over the words which Jules had written, and then I tore np tho note and forgot it. But I had deolded to keep the appoint ment I hnd mado, at all events. The morrow will reveal the mystery to mo, it mystery there were, and I oould wait. I turned out the light, and, takingmy pipo once more, sat for a long timo in tho eaay chair before the window, thinking, doubting, wondering — 'dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream bofore,' until at last my eyes olosed, and then I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in a brilliantly lighted room, standing, brush in hand, before a monstrous eassl, which was draped with long festoons of crSpe. The very walls of the apartmont were hung with tho symbols of mourning, while the hush ot death rested upon the eilont air. Be 'ore me stood my mode), a oroature so perfeot, bo superbly beautiful, that I felt my own attor in ability to aomprehend the loveliness ot her exquisite faoe. For many moments it seemed as though I sat staring, enthralled Bnd speechless, 'npon that vision ot wondrous beauty, until at last, in desperation, I touched my brush to the oanvas. On the instant tho ontiro vision ohanged, and instead .of that form of magnifioent Bplendor nnd perfeot beauty, I saw bofore me tbo face ot my lato caller. But, in some way, even that was transformed. Tbe latent beauty or nobility which 1 had Been in it had fled, and in itB plaoo wns tho face of a woman-fiend. The burning eyes seemed, in my dream, literally to blazo with fire, until tbo fiaines shot out ot them and filled the room with u stifling heat. I gazed upon hor, fascinated, for with every instant the face beforo mo more and more reassumed tho fea tures ot tho faeo that I had Been first, until at Inst tha radiance of that great beauty Bbnne upon me again. But Btop I and in my dream I seemed al most to hold my breath for an instant. There was a difference t What was it ? Tho faco whioh my vision pictured before me, and which I was to portray upon tho oanvas, was that of my model; but even though I admitted that much, 1 felt assured that her soul bnd eomohow gone out, and that tbe personality wne that of tbe woman with tho buruing eye?, Tho face was there, but tha Boul seemed to have de parted. Again 1 lifted tbe brush and essayed to pnint, but, as tho pioturo grow, I saw that 1 was depicting tho livid pallor, tbo paroh mont-liko tkin, and the burning, fiery eyes of my oalier inetaad ot tbo taco of my model. I oast the oanvas aoide, Bnd tried again. Tbo result was tho sumo. Again and yet Rgtiin I renewed tho ? attempt; but with every effort tl.at terrible face grew more and moro hideous, more aud moro frightful; It becamo a mennoo ; it appalled mo. I worked as I bad nevor worked before. I ftrovo with all my might to puint tha counterpart ot the faco of my model, but it over seamed as though that hideous soul burned through the bsuu'.iful features, and I could dopiot nothing alee. At last, in otter despair, I threw down my paletto and brush, as, with a paroxysm of rago, I tore tho' oanvas into Btrips and stamped upon them. ' Bring baik the bouI that onoe dwelt be hind thoeo oyes, and I will paint the por trait I' I cried, in my dream ; ' but I oannot, cannot do it now I' Then the ro?m resounded with a laugh wbioh filled me with horror— a laugh of triumph, a laugh of menace. ' That soul has fled, but mine is here,' I, heard the voice of my aaller'say, in piercing' tones; ' Paint that I' . ' No, . no l'!..I ;oried. I cannot I I will esatoli for the other f'' Twill find it 1 :Evsn though it has been carried aoruis the Styx Into the regions of darkness I will find it and bring it back I' 'Fool 1' ratarned , the woman. 'In searching for that yon will lose your own. Stay and paint the picture as you find it.' But I paid no heed to her wordB. I darted away out ol the room, followed by hor de risive laugh, ' She is a fiend,' I oried— ' afiend 1' as 1 hurried on. And thero my dream ended, and all onoe more beaame a blank, I slept, CHAPTER II. THE MYSTERY DEEPENS, When I Bwoko it was broad day, and the sun was shining brightly npon the fountain, which gushed in living stream into the air in the park opposite my studio. I started and rubbed my eyes confusedly; wondering for a moment where I waB, and wby I was not in my bed as usual. ' Ah,' I said, ' so it was a dream after all and my pioture is not even oommonoed ; the work is yot to be done, I have not even seen my model; she remains te me unknown.' I throw off my garmentB and sprang into the bath tub, feeling a delicious aonviotion that tho water would effectually olear away the oobwobs of my exaited fanoy, and that Blakely Oongdon would soon again be tho proBaio artist prepared to go about with his day's work with a genuine zest, once more tree from a host ot nnscemly fancies and weird imaginings. Tbe dream and all that ii bBd revoaled to me I dismissed from my mind as nothing moro than the aonsequence of my folly, whereby 1 had allowed my mind to conjure up all sorts ot shades and piotureB after the departuro of my visitor, and just prior to my falling into tho deep slumber through whioh I had passed, But later I remembered it again in every detail, and wondered. Soon X began to oolleot tbeneoesgary para phernalia for my task, for I had resolved to make a rapid but thorough study ot tho por trait required, and to perform the major part ot the work at my leisure in my studio after the three days of 'graoe' had expired. Then, when the honr drow near, I set out tor the address written upon tbe oard wbiah my vlBitor had loft for me on tho previous night. In the oourse of half-an-hour I reached it, finding myeelf beforo a large square house whioh stood baok from tbo street half hidden by tho trees wbioh grew witbin the yard. I was obliged to pass through a massive gatoway in tho huge iron fenca, and then along a winding gravel path, whioh finally brought me to the marblo stops that led up to the groat front door. ' Certainly they aro people of considerable wealth,' I mused, aB I notod oarofully tho evldonaes of eiUuonoa upon ovory hand, mentally shuddering when I felt my artiutio senses outraged by the frightful distortion wrought in tho figures ot two couohnnt Hons dono in iron at either sido ot tho portal. Iliad no noed to nnnouuco my arrival, for ono'half of tho great door was open, and just within, as though awaiting me, stood a Bervnnt, whom I at first mistook for a nogrn, until a sharper glance proved to mo thnt ho was rather ot an Asiatia oast ot oounten. auce, and that his hair was as straight as mine. 'Carry that to your mistress,' I said, authoritatively, extending my oard towards him. lie took I no C51'J, alii lending the way into a sur.ll ncip'ion-room, bowed nnd left me, without having uttered a word. Presently he returned, and, etill without epeakit)?, extended a salver upon whioh rested a delicately-folded note. It was brief niiJ to tho point. It apologised for tbo appar. nt lack of courtesy in not re ceiving mo i:i person, ond said that tho oer vant would conduct me to tho apattmcnt where the lady whoso portrait I was to paint was waiting to receive me. Kvidently it was written in great haste, tor my employer had again negleated to reveal hor name, having signed the communication with two initials only, and they were 'M. D.' I motioned to the servant to lead the way, and after again indulging in a low bow, whioh oonflrmed mo in the opinion that ha was Asiatic, he conducted me up a ii.^ht of Btairs and into a largo room, which .vus luxuriously appointed in Oriental map .lioenoe. Ifgazod around me in rapt admiration. Everything wbiah my eyes rested upon within tho apartment pleased my artistio eenseB. The hard wood floor strewn with costly rugs ; tho inviting |oouoheB piled with delioately embroidered cushions; the works of art by the groat masters upon the walls; the tapestry— all were perfeot in thetr complete ness. That whioh struok me as most re maikable was that the dcoorationB were in no sense overdone; something had been, left for tho imagination of the be holder at every turn, and I stood ontranoed, in tho very oentre ot tho room, wondering if I. bad suddenly been transported into the land ot the Genii, Then I turned towards the door, intending to question the servant, but 1 found that he bad disappeared, I waB alone. At one end of tho room stood an easel, rendering the portable one whioh I had carried in my hand an unneaeBBary com modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with the large square ot etretohed canvas upon which I was expeoted to work. I examined it oriliaally, and fonnd it en tirely to my taste ; and then, throwing my self lazily npon one ot the divans, I feasted my eyes upon the BBBortment ot curioa around me. A half-hour passed thua, and I was be ginning to wonder how muoh of my preoious time was to bo wasted in impatient waiting, when tbe tapestry near me parted, and I was no longer alone. With a sudden exclamation ot apology, I leaped to my feet, but the words I would have uttered died upon my lips, and I oould, for a moment, do nothing but gaze, spell bound, upon the vision boforo me. Ab, ye who dream ot perfection in the human form ; yo to pioture to yourselves the completeness of loveliness; yo who in your leisure moments paint in brilliant oolors the ideal of nil that is beautiful in womankind, must fall far short ot ths reality wbioh stood before mo then 1 To sny that sho waa beautiful would be de famation, fur beauty, atler all, is a aompara tivo quality,, aud nothing oould have com pared with her. Sho wns all, tye, more, than tbe words of my visitors had proolaimed her to be on the previous evening in my etudio. D.-soription fails mo; worda beoomo empty notbingneBB; langu&go; is utterly inadequate; imagination falls as far short of tho fact and as entirely fails to grasp it as it doos when one speaulates upon tho vactnees and infinity of space. . I was rooted so tho spot, literally paralysed by tho viBian beforo me, and I aould do no thing but gasp for breath, forgetful of my existence, of the world, of everything exacpt that she stood there, aud tbut I was feasting my eyes upon her. Hor soul seemed to shiuo in the depths of ber wondious eyes— great, black, dreamy, yot all ablnzo with the living fire of unknown passions. Tbe olive tint of her skin was re iibvsd by tho glaro of eddying flamo just be neath it, while every outline ot hor ieatureB was so perfeot that tbo Venus do Milo might bave blushed from marble into day before ber. , The costume which she wore greatly added to the obarm of ber presence. An artistio oombinntiqn ot Oriental and European, shilling with embroidery and glittering with jewels ; she stood before me a revelation. How long I would have remained thus spellbound and speeohleBB I will nevor know, but het.yoiceglike notes ot musio falling upon VJ ? ikttafeiBi -ws'iUeci' ma-par- tUUy to myself. -yr ? ' Where wiil you plaoe mef'. Bhe .asked, hor words (revealing just a touoh ol some foreign, aoaient which I did not reoo'g niso. .1 In an instant I was myself again, and has tened to. begin the work tor whioh [ now telt nothing ' but eagerness, although at the thought of placing the counterpart of all that wondrous beauty upon tho oanvas before me, I felt that I had undertaken an almoBt im possible task. True, I aould paint the image of those great black eyes, but aould I repro duce tho soul whioh ehone through tbcm,the fire whioh blazed in their depths, hidden, yet constantly impressing tho beholder with tbe consciousness of its presence 1 I oould por tray tbe faoe and features, but aould I catch the something that I oould not define, which, though unseen, was still thoroughly a part other. ' Hore, please,' I said, in answer to her question; and in spite of my resolution to remain merely tho artist, my voice and hBndB trembled. But presently tho work was begun. Bhe did not Bpenk unless in answer to some ques tion ol mine. Whenevor I mado a suggestion regarding her attitude or expression, she in stantly fulfilled my wishes, Nor did she seem to tiro under tho strain. Many times I paused and told her to rest a moment, feeling that she must grow weary ; but she ever smilod a quick negative, and told mo to proceed. On and on I worked, beoomingBo absorbed in my task that I forgot tbe flight of time. My brush seemed gifted anew with the necessity ot tho moment and poBsesBsd of a talent ituiad never known before — so muoh so, indeed, that I several timos half paused in wonder at tho genius I was thus suddenly and unexpectedly developing, paused long enough tt- marvel to myself and then dash onoe mcAe into the very vortex of the ooaasion.i With it all, however, I was not forgetful ot my model. Many times I besought hor to rest, and onoe I stopped work, saying that she must be worn out, and that I would reaumoon tbo following day, but she told me to proceed, that she was not tired, that the work must bo done in time, and that an honr more or less, then, was as nothing to hor. | Onoo, in making some slight alteration in tbe draping ol her garment, my hand oamo suddenly and nnoxpaotedly in aontaot with bers, ani 1 started baok with an exoiamation of dismay and alarm. Her hand was ioy oold— so cold that its more touoh hod sont a chilling wave all over mo. Thon ! insisted upon a short rest, and she reluoluntly complied, but although I on doavored to start a conversation wliioh would tako her mind from tha occupation in whioh wo wero sngaRed, sho roBpondod only with short moaosyilabio answers to my questions, nover venturing a remark of her own, bo that at Inst 1 beaame ae taciturn as she, and our work progressed in silenoe. So tho day wore away. At noon the samo Bervant who had admitted me brought a sub stantial luncheon into tho room, und for half an hourlwttB left alone again to dieouos it and to rest. Then tha ourtains parted anew, and my most beauteous visitor ouoo moro stood be foro mo, 1 had begun, to work as ono in a dream, There was an unearthly quiet about tbo' houeo, a something unroal about my occupa tion wbioh gradually took possession ot me until I wondered if I wonld not soon ?w*ks .7 ' ? . ? 'C.-{ ai.'d uircjvir tbat I maiuatid uuniuaicnu- land. Wnen the night drew near, and the light became too precarious for mo to continue my work, I gathered up my brushes, be sought my model to go and rest, and took my departure. At tho door I encountered the stiange ser vant, and I stopped long enough to slip a substantial fee into bis hand, end to inquire ol him tbe namo of tha people by whom I was employed, but ho only grinned at the fee and then handed it back to me, murmur ing soma words in a tongue which I did not understand. It was Bomewbat of a relief to find that the fellow was not dumb, oven though 1 could gain no information from him, so I pressed the fee into his hand again; but he firmly though politely refuBod to aceept it, and I left the house more puzzled than ever. When I again reached my studio it was quite dark. Tha night was warm, and I left the door leading into the corridor open, tho better to get the benefit of any breozo which might be stirring. Still ball-dreamily I pondered over my work. The exquisitely beautiful face of my model ehone before my eyes as vividly es though it were thore in reality, illumined by a light eleotrio. The BOtt, languishing glance of her oyes— the warm, rich glow of her cheeks — thedelioate curves ol her full, red lips— the perfeot grace of her figure thrilled me .through and through ; and yet, in the midst ot it all, I aould not forget the ice-like coldness ol that one' touch, wbioh bad sent a shudder all over me. It had not been like oontaotwith an ordi nary hand suddenly beoomo aold. It was like the touoh of death itself —that wax-like, penetrating thrill whioh is felt when one comes in contaot with a corpse. .. I oould not shake off tbe feeling, nor oould I free my mind from many unformed misgivings regarding the family, the people, with whom I had thua strangely corno in con taot. Tbe singular call and tbe order resulting therefrom ; the apparent and evidently in tentional neglect to make her name known to me on the part of my employer ; my ter rible dream of the preceding night ; tho silent, Asiatic-looking servant, who either oould not or would not speak my language or acaept a fee from me ; the monosyllabio utterances of my beautiful model, and her very evident disinclination to say more in my presence than ^aa absolutely necessary — aye, and tho very patent fact that sbo, too, as well as my oalier ol tbo evening before, wns foreign by birth ; tbe elegant mansion with itB princely ; lurniture, its Oriental obaraoter; my ownjslrange and unaoooant able seneationB, with the almost insane desire to work on nqd on at the picture I had undertaken — all this and muoh more passed in review beforo me in the olouds of smoke whioh I blew over my head, watohing them intently as tho driught oaught them and carried them whirling out ot tha window into the dnrkneeB' of tbe night, to be lost, like my BpeculationB of tbe moment, in tbe vastnesB of space. i Suddenly I became aoneoious that I was no longer alone— that someone had entered tbe studio through the open door. I turned my head lazily, without rising from my ohair, expeoting to Bee one ot my numerous friends, and resolved inwardly to out his viBit as short as possible under the pretenoe of retiring early, to find that my oyes were looking into those wbioh bad nn the previous night reflected the strip ot gold in tbe western sky, from tbo corridor just outside my door, 'Sit still,' sho said, oalmly, restraining my effort to rise by placing a firm hand, whiah seemed full of strength, on my shoulder. You aro futigued by your long day's work, ond there is no necessity for you to move. Hero is a chair near you whioh I shall ooaupy for tbe few moments I shall be here.' She seated herself in it, while I murmured a meaningless word or two, for I was so as tonished by her seoond oall that I could think of nothing to Bay. ' I fonnd your door open,' she continued, ' and saw that you were resting in your ohair by the window, so I thrust aside mere con ventionality and walked into your studio.'. Again I murmured a polite nothing or two ; but beforo I aould oolleot my wits suffi ciently to Bay anything 'worth recording, Bhe wout on again. . ? ???—»?,— ' You an' very tired, I fear, Mr. Oongdon, with jrout long day'a work, and there are two mora just, as long and jusC as tiresome be fore you.' : . ? 'Yes, I am tired,' I admitted; 'bnt the night will rest me. What I most fear is that my model will not be able to withstand the strain of two more days like this one.' ' Your model will not fail you, never fear,' waB the madam's oonl and assured reply, ' and when the three days are over Bhe can rost.' 'J What am I to do with the portrait when it iB finished ?' I aBked. ' Ot aourse^you fully realise that this is only a study tbntlam making now— that the portrait itself must oome Inter; that more ntudy — aye, and more art, must be employed upon that in order to make it at all worthy of the original. What, then, shall I do with it when it is finished?' 'Really I do not knoar, I had not thought of that.' 'But, surely, being so anxious to have the work dsno before your departure, yon must wish to havo it forwarded to you,' I oon tinued. 'Yes, yeB, to be snrei I will givo you full directions before tlin work is completed,' she eaid. ' And now, Mr. Oonpdon, I revert to the reason for my call to-night.' 'Yes?' I remarked, looking up listlessly, for I found that the only way in which I aould avoid the Btrange nnd unaccountable sensations with whioh this woman's preeence possessed me was to force myselt into abso lute llstlesBness, totally disregarding all in terest in anything. To look up and meet those strange, burning eyes, was to feel the unpleasant thrill that I had noticed on the previous night ; to nllow my heart to bound with anything resembling enthusiasm upon any subjoct whioh she hiontioned was to feel again that sense of stifling and ot olosenoeB which was bo opptoBsivo, 'Tho purpose of my call this ovening,'she oontinued, 'wastonsklynu a question whioh you may consider impertinent.' ' And that iB ^ — .* 'Do you think that 'the portrait will be a BDcoesa? Do not start, for I am not ques tioning your talents, but your heart.' ' My heart I' I exolaimed. I was all in tercBt now ; my listlessneBs was gono, and she saw it, and went on rapidly : 'I know that you can reproduce tbe faae and form of— of your model ; but, Mr. Oong don, oan you also reproduce . the beauty whiah sbinas through her being, ind is not a part of her materinl person ?' Sho lsaned tar forward in hor ohair, and hcroycB Beemed to blaze like coals of living firo nB sho breathed, rather than uttcrod : ' To paint tho plature as it should be painted, your heart must feel the beauty of that soul. Thus, your hand will be guided to perform a work whioh will be the marvel of tbo world. Your eye cannot aaaomplish it ; your sympathy, your soul, your— love — aan. Will you succeed, Blakely Oongdon?' As though gasping for a breath of air, I threw myself backwards upon the ouBhiona, nnd my eyes olosed in spite of themselves. I felt tliut I murmured a low ' Yos, I will sua coed,' and thon tor a Bhort spaco I must have beon unconscicuB. '? Yes, I will suooocd ; but though I win fame, renown, and fortuno, I will Iobo nil else that is mine, tor, Heaven help mo, though I have seen my model but onoo— though sho is ns unattainable as heaven itself at this moment, I lovo her I' I opened my oyes' acid looked around me in tbo semi-darkness.' ' My visitor had gone, ' Then I arose, and in very bitterness ol spirit threw myBelf despairingly npon my bed.— (To be Continued.) \ ? ? 