Story Column- ' ANNAliS OP THE HORSE SHOE CLUB. ByFINOH mason. uthor of "Tit Bits of tho Turf," "Holiday BDorMng Stories," "Hubbub of tlie Umit- inK Field," " 'Twos tho Dog that Brought tho News," "A Real Good Tiling," So. irj. -QUEENSLAND BIOBTa BK3BBYKD. | " HOW BEEFE ATE & "WON THE DERBY." PART III. (CONCMJDKD BY JOHN JOBUM, BuTLHR AND CON FIDENTIAL SKBTANT TO SlB GBOBOK CLEVE LAND, BAET.) Well, sir, the sudden shook occasioned by tho had news received from tho Beat of war having somewhat subsided, Cleveland Court onco mora resumed its usual serenity, and our daily routine wont on pretty muoh as usual. Things were desperately quiet, of oourse. No dinner parties or entertainments of any sort or jnua. My lady stiU kept to her own apartments. Sir George went out shooting occasion lily, but his heart wa« not in it, and he shot very badly, tho keepers told me. His thoughts, you may_ de- pond, were far away with bis boy in ilia Crimea instead of with tho pheasant®. The cheerful- jest parson in the honse was Miss Eva. What we should all have dona without her X don' t know, and that's all about it. She and £ always had a talk as regularly as oloukwork every morning after breakfast, and you can guess, sir. what our talk was about. Nothing but one subject you might swear. Oh, yes, beta was a brave heart, if you liko ! What a soldier she would have made had alio beea a man I often thought to myself. Christmas came and weut, aud X m bouod to say it was tho dullest Christmas X ever spent iu my life. No "go" about anything. Even the brandy round tho plum pudding, which X set fire to just before bringing into the diuiug- room, went out the moment X set it down iu front of Sir George, as much as to say : No, rosily X haven't the spirit to blaze to-night, Jortiin, my boy. The very mince pics scorned to have lost their flavour. Tho news of the fall of Sebastopol had arrived, but no news yot of our gallant young soldier, and as yet no tidings of bis friend Mr. Charles Netherby, bte-s his bravo heart ! Once every week did Job Faithful rido over on bis cob to inquire if there was any news of Bcefeutcr'H nomiueo for tho Derby. l'oor Job, as the tirao went on and nothing was heard of Mr. Frank, seemed to lose more and more flesh, and to get more despondent every day. " It's killing work, Jorum ; that's what it is, and nothing else," ho would say, aa he sipped bis glass of port wine in my room bore " 1 here's that beautiful horse, never been eiok nor sorry for a day ; he's completely worn out old Jack Shepherd, what leads him iu his work, bless you: and if it wasn't that my mi, sue is always telling me to cheer up, for shu mys she knows it'll bo nil right by the D«rhv d..y I do ttulv and honestly believe I should break my heart." Before the old man would go, ho always used to oome out with, in a sort of desperation, " I say, John, do yuu rouiiy think that Mr. Frank 'U over turn up again V" My invariable reply to tho poor, unhappy mac was : "I'm oertain sure of ir, Job, and there's my hand on it I" He'd always brighten up a bit after that, and would start off home again, doubtless to watoh over Beefeater's welfare more assiduously than over. Well, sir, timo wont on. The trees and hedges were beginning to_ don their green dresses; thepriuiOEOfl and violets put in an ap pearance ; tho rooks began to buiid their nests — ail outward and visiblo signs of tho arrival of spring, and etill no news of our two young men. I really began to feel almost aB despondent as JobFaithful at times, and almost brought myself to agree with him that all hope of ever seeing Mr. Frank again was pure wast) of time, when one day happening by the merest ohance to drive into the town to Bee about sundry things for Air George, X called in at the poet office (as I always did on suoh occasions) to see if there wero any letters for the houso. " Yes," said tho olerk, "there are several. Here they are, Mr. Jorum, aud ouo for you amongst 'em." When X glanced at it,_ Bir, a baby in arma might, without exaggeration, have knookod me down. It was a good-sized letter, written in a manly hand, on foroign note-paper, and bearing a foreign post. mark. Here was a go, if yon like ! How I got into the Btreet X don't know, but I do remember holding the long expected letter all the while as tight as wax, and I also remembor that I made straight for the Cleveland Arms and ordered a shillingsworth of brandy and water warm before X dared to open my preoious epistle. X conld feel my old heart thumping against my ribs to soma tana I can tell yon. The glaES of brandy and water was drained to the dregR in one gnlp the moment it oamo ; and then and not before then, did I muBter up sufficient oourage to break the seal. Buch nows the letter oontaioed ! Xf it had not been that I should have lost my character for good snd all, as a respectablo man aud a butler of (I think I may say) high standing, I rather think I should have thrown my hat up to tho ceiling and danced round tho room for very joy. It was from . Mr. Charles, of course, and as ho wished the news ho hud to tell kept abso lutely secret— dark he culled it— from every body, with tho exception of Miss Eva, he wruto to mo in prefercnoa co unybody. having, be said, entire, confidence iumy silence. (X oin't help remarking here, sir, that in all my life X nuver had snoh a compliment paid too ) Ha had found Mr. Frank, he suid, after a deal of trouble. He bad been seriously wounded and tuktn prieoner at the Redan, and had been taken care of and nursed by some good people in Sebactopol, who, when tho town was evaonated, oarried him off along with them, for fear of harm coming to bin when tho allied troops entered tho place. Ho hid been frightfully ill, Mr. Charles said, and h id completely for the time lost his reason, conse quently it was a matter of impossibility for the kind-hearted Russian folk into whoso bunds ho hud had the good luck to full, to find out his name, so as to communicate with his friends in England. However, he was . now rapidly re covering. At first, Mr.- Charles said, he learoi for his reason altogether, but thank God, about a fortnight after bis finding him, it rolurued to him, and now it was only a mere -question of time as rcgaids 'his bodily strength. Mr. Charles added: " I want you-to.give tho enolosed Jotter to Mies Eva with my -fond lova. I have -toll h : r all I have told you, -so that -yon and sho bold tho sccrot in your two hands. "Therois one -other .person" (ho went on) "I think wo can -trust, and that is good old Job Faithful. Moke a point of seeing hini as soon us you con, and tell him -that ho can count on seeing Mr. Frank ut Beefeater's head when ho returns to weigh in after winning th Derby, and tell him at the sense time to put me on a monkey at the best odds he can get." In con clusion, ho added: " If Mr. Maxwell had only behaved liko a gentleman Uitre weald h-.v-i been no secrecy at ell in tho matter ; as it is, I am -determined to pay bisa r/tf, and lam pictur ing to myself with fiendish glee, thj pleased 1?) expression that will come over his face, when having objected to Beefeater — us of cuurso he will, if his own hors-i ruua s.nonl — I suddenly produce the supposed do id mm. Ob, won't it be a osee of 'sold again' with a vengeuxeo! I hear be bee backed Necro mancer for A fortune end does not intend to hedge a (hilling of the money. As soon us evtr Mr. Frank is a bit better wo shall make a novo to Far it, and thenoo to England. Shortly before tho Derby, probably tho diy beforo, I ebaJl get Miss Eva to quietly break tho good news to Sir George, sod tbso, my good old friend, all Beefeater hat got to do it to win to tnako oar triumph cnaplete. Mr. Frank " (wound np tint letter) " desires me to remember him kindly to his dear old friand " (meaning me, sir, and the terra oAme into my eyea-asTrcad.it) "and say that he wishes you .wero hore at his side with', a . bottle o! tho Cleveland .port and a devilled bisoult." . "-I thought to myself, I wish-.I wa9, too, most devoutly- If I didn't make a man of him in two days, my name wouldn't bo John Jorum. I have heard that tho Russians livo almost oatirely on Caviare and brandy neat, and what dreadful staff that must be for an invalid ! T don't suppose they havo over heard of-suoh a thing as a bowl of bishop in their blessed lives." What the young follow who drovo me thought of my demeanour during our home ward drivo I do not know. X found myself bursting out -into strange laughter at intervals, and X was conscious all tho time of making myself ridioulous. X could not help it, bless you, if it wae -ovor eo. I was iu that state of suppressed exoitement that there is no ours for, except a regular blow off of steam. And until I oould get word of Miss Eva and Job Faith- ful, and tell them my news, I knew I should get no relief for my complaint. You may be sure that X did not let the grass grow under neath my feet in either else. It was jast 5 o'clook when I reached the oourt, and iustond of calling one of tho footmen to onrry np tho tea into tho drawing-room as usual, I took it up myself. My lady was as usual in her own room, so X had Miss Eva ull to myself. Sho knew by my face that I had somothing of im portance to communicate, and her look of joy when X handed her bor latter I oould not describe if I wus to try for a year. Whoa she had torn open the onvelopo (whioli, by tbo way, sbo first p-iid the compliment of kissing), and read the news iusido, tho tears of joy coursod down bor pretty faoe. Not muoh feur of anybody supplanting Mr. Ohatlos in your affections, my dear, at ail ovonts, thought X to myself. I don't think I ever did see anybody in all my born days look so happy as my dear young lady, bless her heart !" Sbo meant every word of it X am oertain, when, having read his letter, Bhe jumped up and, taking mo by both hands, exclaimed, " My dear old Jorum, I novcr folt so happy iu my fife." The next morning as soon as over breakfast was cleared away, X asked for, and readily ob tained, leave from Sir George to absent myself from my duties for a few hours. -I did not feel very well, X told him, and thought a breath of fresh air would do me good. (Oh, Hard ! how guilty I-felt when I said so 1) "No doubt, replied tho best and kindest of mnsters. "If you 11 tuko my udvico, John, you'll go for a drivo over tho downs, und havo u look at Beefeater." I need scarcely eay that tliin proposal ox-ictly fell in with my own views, and I, theroforo, lost no timo "in i rdering a dogoart out. X ctscribi d to you, as well as I could, the appear ance or Miss Eva tvben I imparted to bur my budget of news from tho iurl, but I should ho very (oi ry to attempt anythiuiz of tho almo in tho case of Job Fuithful. I couldn't do it. Tho old men, without exaggeration, positively looked '20 vcais younger live minutes niter X had delivered uiv message. "Nothing," says he, "will do but a .bottle of chumpagiie on the spot, nud what's mora it shall bo dtuuk iu Beefeater's box, and nowhere elto.' ' Ho went iuto tbo house, bless you, there and then, and camo out with a mag- rum of ehampagne, three glasses, and Mrs. Faithful, her comoly faoe ull smiles. Tho boy in charge of tbo favourito boing Bent out of the way, wo all three entered Beofeater's box, aad having first of all drunk to the speedy recovery of Mr. Frank, togotber with ono or two oth-r toasts appropriate to the occasion, we finally pledged the beautiful colt in front oi us. C made tho speech myself, I remember. " Mrs. Faithful and Job," said I ; "I now beg to giio you tbo toast of tbe morning : " Hero'.- to tbo in ultb of Beefeater, wiener of this year's Derby, and tbe hast horse in England at tbe present time !" I have helped to drink a goodish few bottles of champagne in tbo course of ray life, bat I don't thitilr I ever enjoyed one half so muoh us tbe magnum we tbree consumed in Boefeater's box that nover-to-be-forgotton April morning. " Well, John," said Sir George that night Et dinner, " are you better f" " Much better, I thank you, Sir Georgo," I replied. Miss Eva threw me a glance of intelligence, as muoh as to ssy, " Oh, you deceitful old rascal of a Jorum!" Well, sir, tho timo went on. Tho Two Thousand Guineas (in which Beefeater was not entered) was run for and was carried off ia a carter by our rival, Mr. Maxwell's colt, Necro mancer. So easily indeed did ho win that they actually took as little us 7 to -1 about his ohanoo for tho Derby. Beporr even wont so far as to credit Mr. Maxwell with saying that ho didn't tsar Beefeater even if ho did run. And, judg ing by tbo way be and his friends baotted bis horse, it certainly looked as if for ones rumour was correct. Job Faithful, however, was by no means dis heartened by tho result of the Guineas. "Necromancer, X grant yon, is hound to run well in tho Derby," said ho, " but as for his beating our horso 1 Pack o' nonsense ; don't till mo!" There was no mistaking Job's confidence in his pet. His betting book, whioh be was good enough to show me one day, convlnoed me on that point, so much so that X astonished my friend in London by writing np to tell him to put me another twenty pounds on Besfeator for the Blue Riband. Ho wrote buck that he had done the commis sion tor me, and wae good enough to add that, remembering the eld saying, "Thero's no fool like an old fool," be was well aware it was not of tbo slightest ubo his telling mo that Beefeater had not a ghost of a ohanoe for tho Derby as long as Necromancer kept well. lou never wroto a truer word than that, my boy," thought I. "We'll see whioh is tho 1 Old fool ' when we meet at Epson Do was after tho Derby ; und all X uan say is, that if it turns out ua you say, I'll give you leave to call mo one as often us you please." to his concluded To-Mcnnow J 