TEE JUNE MAGAZINES. M. du Cbaillu, the French traveller, opens the ball in the Fortnightly Review with an artiole on Tho Great Equatorial Forest of Africa. This gentleman elaims to have been the first dis coverer of the famous race of dwarfs so graphi cally described by Mr. Stanley, and he welcomes the testimony of tho intrepid explorer, insomuch as hitherto his own accounts of these strange people havo been looked at askanco ns so mnuy tales of tho Baron Munchausen order. Tho narrative set forth is eminently readable, the picture of the great equatorial forest region, with its almost impenetrable recesses, its gigantic trce9 and dense junglo, Its gorillas, chimpanzees and othor big denizens, its snakes, its teeming insect lifo, and its strange inhabi tants, : somo of whom arc fine speoimons of humanity, warriors and cannibals, whilo others aro the timid littlo dwarfs whom Mr. Stanley encountered nml made friends with— the whole picture is vividly reproduced nnii of entrancing interest. The poetry of John Donne forms the subjcot of an essay by Professor Dowdcn, who carries, his readers back to tho ever fascinating paths of Elizabethan literature. Donne as a poet is, wo fear, little known among the.'groat army of general readers, and yet ira acute critic, of modern '"days tells '. us . that iiis genius deserves to he regarded by. every catholic student of .English literature with a respect only "this side idolatry.". The present article will serve a good purpose if it succeeds in turning a few retlcctive. minds to the study of his neglected poetry. A Visit to a Great Estate constitutes a pleasant picture of Norwegian life and scenery in a district roraot'o enough for an English visitor to ho looked upon and treated as a rara avis. " Forty-five years linve I lived, here, and never have I set eyes on an Englishman until now," snid one Norwegian dame to tho writer, Sir H. Pottingor, so that liis expeditiou may fairly be dignified by the designation of "exploration." Distinction forms tho title of a rather rambling essny by .Mr. Coventry Patmore, who considers himself deeply ..abused by certain criti cisms of his poetry wherein he is .spoken of as a " savage " and a "flunkey." In reply he nsBiires us that he is simply " nn unpretentious and sweet tempered old gentleman, who is harmlessly and respectably preparing for a future state, in which lie tmscs there will bo neither tomahawk nor ' plush.' " In view, of the battle royal now being waged in England on the question of compensation to publicans, the article on Early Licensing Laws and Customs, by Dr. J. Charles Cox, is valuable and .oppor tune. He reviews the earliest legislation on the subjcot, and gives us several instances of prompt and unceremonious suppression in tlie old days. For example,-, wo loam that in 1561 tlie justices took away the licences of two alo house keepers of Chesterfield, on complaint made by several of the inhabitants that they, suffered "slioppe servants "to tipple in business hours. Protection versus Free-trade in Australia is tlie title of an article by Mr. G. H. D. Gossip, a gentleman who has resided in the colonics, and also in America. As we give excerpts from his paper in another column, we need only say here that Jlr. Gossip is a stanch upholder of protec tion. . Tho artiole from first to last sings tho praises of the Victorian policy, the contrast drawn between Now South "Wales and ourselves being a highly flattering one. " To sum up," says tho writer, "theprotectivocolonyis ahead in agriculture, ahead in viticulture, ahead in growth of population, ahead in railway develop ment, ahead in . banking, ahead in large manu factories and in the number of workmen em ployed, ahead in enterprise and capital, ahead in general prosperity and progress; and finally, although behind 'in mineral and pastoral wealth, its artisans and peasantry — in a word its entire proletariat— the hone nud sinew of a country, are perhaps the most contented and pros perous in tlie world.", A Glance at Con temporary Greece, by Jlr. J. D. Eourchier, is an article of a hopeful character, the writer finding promise that "a much tried race, sundered arid shattered in ages of adversity, may yet be compacted into ono. har monious structure, which limy reflect, if it can not revive, the splendor of a historic past." Mr. R. C. Richaidsj in a contribution entitled Tho Landlord's Preferential Position, outers into a vigorous and uncompromising attack on the privileges c)aimed'.by owners of house property. As the question is a burning one at this 'very moment in Victoria, the article is exceedingly welcome and well timed. The Latest Dis- coyories in Hypnotism, tlie first of a series of articles, by Dr. J. Lays, momber' of the .French Academy of": Medicine and physician of Ln Charitd Hospital in Paris, deals with ".one of the most " marvellous departments of modern scientific research". The various hypnotio states are described in full detail, and the accurate information supplied will be appreciated by those interested in these, at present, almost inscrutable problems. Mr. Beerbohin-Tree aud Jlr. Oswald Crawford writo ou tlie present condition of tho English stage, and conclude a singularly varied, interesting and vnluablo number. A couple of articles on the question of Com pensation tor Licences, by Cardinal JInnuing and Mr. Cnine, JI.P., ocoupy tho place of honor in the Contemporary Review. Both writers, it goes wicuouc saying, are opponents' of Jlr. Gosclicn's recent budget proposnl. Cardinal Jlanning considers that the compensation olause is iii direot violation of the law, and would create for the first time a vested interest in the holding of n lioence, tho effect of creating this rested interest being to render it impos sible to deal with publicans without compensation. Jloreover, the effects pro duced would bo so ludicrously., small that no perceptible diminution for generations to come in.tho evils of the drink trado could bo obtained through tlie scheme. Jfr. Caine advocates the method of high licence charges, which is becoming so popular in . many of tlie States of the American" Union. Pro fessor Thorold Rogers follows the temperance apostles' lead with a paper on the not uncon nected Biibjoct of Vested Interests. Pensions, hereditary jurisdictions, compensation for the compulsory purchase of land and houses, tho acquirement by government of such private undertakings as the telegraph business in Eng. land and public house licences aro among the interesting topics touched upon. In regard to licences tho professor nrrives at the clear conclusion' that recent decisions in the lnw courts have affirmed that tho discretion of the quarter sessions is absolute, and that there is, as yet, absolutely no property in the licence, quite irrespectively of tho conduct of tlie licensee. "It is now proposed," he nilds, "that a system of supervision, under 'which feeble' attempts are mado nt limiting the number of sucii houses, and rigid police inspection is theoretically enforced, may be held to havo created a property in the owner, had that if the renewal of tho licence is to bo refused tlie refusal - is to be made a moral plea for compensation ; that, in brief, a man is to hereafter have an estate in liis own power of wrong doing. The new form, . it is true, is permissive, hut. the sting of tlie inoasure is tho virtual recognition of n new kind of property in .a calling, which the present law declares to bo no property at ail. In this case, I cannot but concludo that the doc trine of vested interest has been carried to a point .wliioh it has. never readied before." Tho Law. in 1847 and the Law in 1889. is the title of a paper by Lord Coleridge, originally delivered before tlie Law Students' Association nt Birmingham. In its course the question of allowing tho functions of the. attorney dtul the functions of tho barrister to be exercised by the same person is discussed at somo length. . Tliis "is the American practice, nml it is being adopted in other countries, the change at this moment being within measurable distnnco both in England and Victoria. It is interesting, there fore,' to know that Lord Coleridge, while not insensible to tho advantages of tho old system, cannot shut his eyes to the many countervailing benefits of the now one. This verdict, coming from so distinguished a judge and lawyer, should help to decide tho issue of the contro versy now being carried on in legal quarters. Professor Caird contributes a deeply thoughtful essay on The Theology and Ethics of. Dante. Ho . sums . up as follows : — "Considering all these points, wo may fairly say that, orthodox as Dante is, his poem is the euthanasia of the dualistio theology and ethics of tho Jliddie Ages. In spito of tho horrors of his Inferno, which aro the poetic reflection of tho superstitious terrors of a half barbarous age, and in spite of the monastic austerity and purity of his paradiso of light and musio, which is litre a glorified edition of the services of the church, Dante interprets tlie religion of the cloister in such a way as to carry us beyond it. His Divina Commediamny be compared to the ' portal " of a great cathedral, through which wo emcrgo from the-dim religions light of tho Middlo"AgbS into the' open day of tho' modern' world, but emcrgo with the imperishable memory of thoso harmonics of form and color on which wo havo been gazing, nnd with the organ notos that lifted our soul to heaven still sounding in our ears." Tho subjeot of Trusts in the United States is dealt with by Jlr. R. Donald, who brings a strong indictment against this development of modern commorcial enterprise, bat admits that it will be a difficult task to sweep the system away. Brought Baok from Elysium is tho title of a dialogue, in which four eminent novelists of the day regard each other, ono beiDg a Realist, a second a Romano ist, the third an Elsmerian, nnd tho fourth a Stylist. Tho ghosts of Scott, Fielding, Smollett, Dickons and Thackeray also participate in the discussion. Tho contribution contains a good deal of sound criticism, wrapped up in some amusing by-play. The perils of trustees are explained by a learned Q.C., liis warning being that tho risks nnd responsibilities consequent upon becoming a trustee or executor should not bo lightly undortaken. Jfrs. Emily . Crawford discoursos on the Frenoh Revolution,- tho cue to- her. article being (. tho exhibition of relics,- pictures, &&, now being held in Pnris. Tho cataloguo of. mule witnesses of tho tragic events of- tho Reign of Terror era is certainly a fascinatingly . interesting ..one. A Palestinian Utopia, by Mr. Thomas Hodgkin,' deals with the problem of settling tho Holy . Land with tho Jewish race and developing it into a progressive solf-govornod community. The Broad Church ; or, What's Coming ? is the title of a paper prompted by two startling facts admitted by tho writer (the Rev. H. R. Hawois), namoly, (1) that intelligent men are refusing to take holy orders, and (2) that intelligent pcoplo are refusing to attend church. Tlio remedy proposed is the throwing away by ulergymen of the fetters of dogma. The Duko of Argyll attempts a reply to the artielo on tlio Betterment Tax, which wo reproduced in our columns last month. It need hardly bo snid that tho duke looks upon the tax as odious and unjust. So say all thoso whose pockets the introduction of tho principle of betterment from its first home in America is likely to affect. In the Nineteenth Century the opening artiolo, from tho pen of a lady who signs her self Beatrice Potter, is devoted to the ovils of sweating and - tho most practicable remedies. This is about one of tho most able and thought-, ful contributions to tho literature of the subject that has appeared in nny of tho reviews, Tho writer arrives at tho conclusion tliat the thorough reform of the sweating system will require a. delicate adjustment of tho. Factory Acts, the Publio Health Acts and the Local Government Act — tho tuning of these three great legislative instruments to one common uoteof strengthnnd harmony. Underac&pitalist; system ofpriynte property, employers hold direct rcsponkility for tliewelfaro of their workers, and .property owners for tlio welfare of their tenants, tiiis being the fair return for profits and rent. It will-only be through a general awakening to the sonso of this responsibility of personal son-ice — through insisting ou tlo performance of this duty by legislative enactment, by the pressure of publio opinion, - and by all forms of voluntary association— that the hideous social evil known as the sweating system can be rooted out and destroyed. ! Jlr. Hennikor- Henton writes on ' the question of- Imperial Penny -. Postage, taking the new 2d. rate between Australia: and tho mother country as merely, nn' instalment of the required measure of reform. His - argument ns.to tho- absurd practice of mail . subsidies - being charged to- tlie Post OHico departments and reckoned as so .much "loss "-on iiostal work is clearly put aud quite unanswerable. He fur ther shows tho commercial feasibility of the penny postage scheme. It would be a hand some rate to pay tho shipowner £25 per ton for letters,- and for trans-continental railway car riage (from Calais to Brindisi) £75 per ton more might bo required, in all £100 per ton. Letters oharged Id. per £ oz. for postage . would produce £300 per ton, and' thus there would be a profit to - the. post olfico 'of £200 per ton. '. On the question of' a. cheapened telograph service, Jin Heaton- demands the breaking down of the Eastern Telograph Company's monopoly; and .advocates, the. laying of a Pacific cable cob- nectiug - .Vancouver. ' with -tho Canadian line. He . tells us " nothing new in ' tills section of his article, and unmistakably shows that lie is arguing on no very firm basis of knowledge of actual facts aud figures. In the matter of the postage reductions Jlr. Hen- niker Heaton lias championed a.causo Which is bound to .win completely in tho' long' run. He may, therefore, : be pardoned '.a reasonable measure, -ofw self- congratulation; ' But- tho "nlonerl-did-it "--spirit - wliioh ' pervades tlie present article -is in .extremely bad' taste. A larger minded man would lot. the results speak for themselvdi and for himself- as well. Jlr. G. Herbert Stutfleld gives us an- account of tho position of tho turf in England at the present time, the year being notablo both for the inauguration of important reforms in' the govorninout of tho sport of racing and for the splendid quality of the 3-year-old genera tion of racehorses. ' The. .uninitiated will get a .niiuura uuiu mm jupur m regaru to turf phraseology and turf methods. Sergeant Palmer's sensational article of Jtarch last, en titled A Battle Described from tho Runks, "(finds a commentator in Lieutenant J, A. Campbell, staff-adjutant of the volunteer forces in West Australia. While admitting that the story was graphically; and no doubt honestly, told, Lieutenant Campbell shows how numerous and serious misapprehensions have entered into tho gallant sergeant's cranium. ' Ho gives a cate gorical refutation, more especially asto the alleged flogging of men with rifle slings and tho incident of tho "Glasgow Irishmen." The editor in a foot note intimates that he is scouring Jlr. Palmer's observations on tho criticism his narrative lias called forth, and the reply will bo awaited with considerable interest. . ' Now Wine in-Old Bottles is the title of nn artiolo by Jfr. Wilfrid Ward; on scientific' re- search ' n9 affect ing tho dogmas of the church. Tho writer shows generally how Christian belief mny bo reconciled with the modern discoveries of science. The Rov.-. Dr.- Jessop converses pleasantly on village alms - houses. He looks back lovingly to theso old institutions, and announces his intention that if ever lie lias r a -"sum of £5000 which he may . without 'injustice spend ' in a lump during his own lifetime ho will buy half nn acre, of land, build a humble row of five little houses, people them with aged occupants, and endow the latter with 6s. a week each for tlie rest of thoir days. A pretty and an amiable dream ! An Atheist's Pupil, by Jir. W. S. Lilly, tolls us something about tlie famous Frenoh novelist, M, Paul Bourget, whoso last romance, Le Disciple, has created a great sensa tion in the literary world. The reviewer holds' that the sensuous impressions of certain soonos — certain, "audacities of description," to uso tho author's own phrase— are quito ef faced' by the stern and lofty teach ing. In tlio course of the artiolo' the plan of modern Frenoh novel- writing is oleverlj hit off:— '"First oatch your harc,' enjoins tho ancient oracle of. British cookery. ' First find your neighbor's wife,' prescribes the French novelist,- and then-' proceed to corrupt her, secundum artem, with all duo gravity." Jfr. S. D. Boulgcr, chairman of the conciliation committee- of the London Chamber of . Com merce, writes on the subjeot of Labor Disputes, explaining .-the scheme of conciliation- recontly formulated -by tho chomber. The Duke of Argyll conoludos his story of a conspirator, dealing with the life of. the so-callod Irish patriot, Wolfe Tone.' The work of the London County Council, as reviewed in a recent address delivered by its chairman, Lord Rosebory, ip dealt with by Jlr. Frederick Harri son, who describes tho new body as having, now fairly become a "model organisation." Jfr. Brain Stoker,' Jlr. Henry'. Irving and Jlr. Charles Wyndhara give us their viows on the vexed question whether actors mako tho best theatrical mnnagers - and vice versa. Tho verdict is that tho new system whereby actors havo acquired the control of tho most important play houses is a matter of good effcot to tlie drama, to literature and the arts, and to tho great publio. Jlr, Irving is especially clear and emphatic on the point "I can say," he writes, " without hesitation, that tlie managements which have bonefited . nnd advanced our calling and: added vastly to tho intellectual recreation of tho people lmvo been tboso of actors." Rlackicood's Magazine contains an exceedingly interesting account of Jamaica, JIuch of the information' convoyed will bo new to many readers ; for example, tbat the climate is healthy and salubrious, and the island, so far from being a fever spot; is n sanatorium of the Very;hlghest order. The conditions of planting, agriculture, ' fruit growing, 'stock farming and manufacturing enterprise are all fully and freshly described, nnd J umoica is warmly recommended as a remnrk- ably favorablo place for the numerous class of young men who fail to pass tlio army and- civil service examinations in Great Britain. From Argiri to Toski gives nn account of the Nilo campaign of 1889. „ Tiicro aro several articles of literary interest, a contribution on Laud Purchase in Ireland, nnd a paper on the Portugneso and Mnkololo-Innd. In tho last mentioned, the writer, Jlr. Daniel J. Rankin, argues the vital importance of maintaining tlio freedom of the Zambesi to British trade mid ooramerce in that region of Africa. His viow of future commercial developments is a very san guine ono. "When we consider," conoludos tho artiole, '" how vast are tho" regions drained by thiB great water way, nnd remember that new countries, prolific in produce and minerals, and fresh fields for colonisation are brought within reach of civilisation, it is scarcely possible to circumscribe tlio- possible commercial develop ment they will attain in tho near future." Tho Westminster Review , contains an nrtiolo that will be read with some .interest jiiBt.-now in Victoria, in view of the. discussion that has sprung up in regard to Mr. .Shi els 's bill for the legitimation of children. Tlie writer does not morely demand' for England tlio partial measure of-rbform'that is here- contemplated, but would sweep away altogether the legal disabilities attaching to., illegitimacy. Ho contends that even the offspring of adulterous intercourse should havo tho Banie claims on its parents as if it had been born in wedlock, and bases his arguments on tlie lofty ground that the law altogether . misses, its mark, in imposing pains and penalties on thoso who have committed no crime. » Indian JIagistrates s the- title of a paper which reviews tlio notorious Crawford liase iii tliu Bombay .Presidency, and condemns tlio Secretary of State for India in not uphold ing the Governor's .promise to retain in the Government services the native" judges and officials who owned to having, got their, promo tion through corrupt . practices. The political articles are, as usual, strongly Ghulstouion. In ono - tho fusion .of the Gladstonians and the Liberal Unionists is warmly advocated. In Macmillan's Magazine Jlr. Saintsbury gives a sncoinet oritical review of the literary work of Do Quincey, ono of England's men of letters who is deservedly rotiirniug into favor among the general reading publio. The tradi tions ot German colonisation are'dealt with by a writer whose alarmist view of the German enterprises in East Africa lias since been dis counted by the conclusion of the Heligoland Treaty, Can "Women Combine? is. a. conun drum ; propounded aud answered somewhat lugubriously in the' negative, - the pro fessed object of- --the article being to lift a voice of warning against raising hopes that. can. never bo fulfilled, arid to show that trades, unionism. .among women can never suc ceed. .Their ' omanoipation from industrial thraldom must therefore, according to tliis view of the question, be accomplished simply by out side philanthropic exertions on thoir behalf. Tho writer, however, avows that he (or she?) " cannot now stop to inquire what may be done towards helping theso unfortunate persons." Suoh a conclusion is surely a very impotent one. Withont .Eeneflt of Clergy .is a capital sketoh of Indian lifo by that promising young writer, Mr. Rudyard Kipling. - In tho English Illustrated Magazine Jlr. W. G. Grace gives a review of thegame of cricket, past and present, in Australia, Canada, tlie United States,. India" and Eugiand.' His." com parison between, the relative strength' of. Eng land and Australia" is summed up as follows :— " When we make comparisons of play we liavo undoubted evidence that England has still a strong lead in batting, but that in bowliiig and fielding there is little to olioose between the two countries. Jlurdoch, G. Gitfen, M'Donnell, tlio Banncrmaus and Jtoses linve been a tower of strength _ in batting, but one Joes not require to search, fur in "England to find a large number of players who have performed as great things as they., Spofforth, Garrett,-. Palmer, Evans, Boyle, Turner anil Ferris are bowling names to compare with ours, but we have only to place opposite ' the.m :the names of Alfred ShttWj Jlorley, Lohmnnn, Teste, Attewell, Briggs nnd Barnes to make tlie scales hang evenly. In fielding there: is little -' .to choose between us, although I' must in fairness say that at tfid present. time the Australians can throw in better than .we can." .Among the other nrtlales in tho number is one on German Girlhood and another on Lace Jtaking in Ireland. . 