LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, SEPT. 22. The Spinner took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. THE AGRICULTURAL SHOW. In reply to Captain Taylor, - Mr DOW said that if the employ it's at the Botanical gardens had desired to visit the Royal Agricultural Soi lety's chow permission would have been granted them PUBLIC WORKS COMMITTEE In reply to Mr. Muitwir, Mr. GILLIES said he was not at present in a position to say whether the Government would this session introduce a bill to provide for the creation of a Standing Committee on Public Works. MANUFACTURE OF RAILWAY CARS. In reply to Captain 'J'vsi.oit, Mr. GILLIES said it was true that some time ago he stated that not more than two or three new cars were being built in the railway workshops. Since then, however, the commissioners had finished the construction of some cars of a special type for refrigerating purposes, and these were of such a satisfactory character that it was determined to make a certain additional number of them in the same way, it being thought that the cars required to meet the summer traffic could be obtained more expedmously by that means than by letter ing the work on contract. It was intended that tenders should be called for the construction of all subsequent years. BOATMEN'S LICENSES. In reply to Mr. W. T CARTER, Mr PATTERSON said he would be glad to co-operate with the hon. member in endeavouring to induce the Harbour Trust to reduce the amount of the license fee at present paid by boatmen at Williamstown and Port Melbourne. AMENDING IRRIGATION BILL. In reply to Mr Graham, Mr. DEAKIN said he intended to introduce an Amending Irrigation Bill during the present session. CASU VL HANDS ON THE RAILWAYS In reply to Mr. Kimo», Mr GILLIES said that the reduction in the casual hands in the Railway department at Ballarat had been made owing to the reduction of the work. Several permanent bands had been sent to Ballarat, and these had displaced the more recent casual hands who had no claim on the department. It was not intended to displace those who had been employed for some sure as day labourers as in the goods sheds at Ballarat, us long as there was work for them, but work was just now very active in Ballarat. PETITION. Mr. L L SMI III presented a petition from residents at Poowong in favour of the construction of light lines of railway. PARLIAMENTARY BUILDINGS COMMITTEE Mr GILLIES moved the appointment of Mr. Anderson as a member of the Parliamentary Buildings Committee, in the place of Mr Patterson. Mr. DEAKIN seconded the motion. Agreed to, MESSAGE. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor, intimating that he had given the Rev. ii assent to the Melbourne Tramways Trust Act Amendment Bill. PAPERS. The following papers were laid upon the table Return moved for by Mr. Hall, showing coat of proposed line of railway , regulations of Marine Board , report of Mr. James Mansergh on the sewerage of Melbourne. THE FRAMLINGHAM ABORIGINAL STATION. In reply to Mr Minns n, Mr DEAKIN said it was quite true that he made a promise last session that he would not interfere with the present status of the aboriginals at Framlingham without afford- ing the House an opportunity of discussing the matter, and it was also true that arrangements had been made to hand over the Framlingham station to the council of agricultural education He did not regard the two statements us inconsistent, because the transfer to the council had been made subject to the occupation by the blacks Mr MURRAY asked the Chief Secretary to give a promise that a definite portion of the reserve-Bay 000 or 600 acres should be permanently reserved for the use of the blacks. Mr. DEAKIN said that such a step would be a new departure, and he could not promise to support it Mr. MURRAY moved the adjournment of the House, the subject being that the proposal to hand the Framlingham Station over to the Council of Agricultural Education was harsh and unjust to the aboriginals stationed there. The aboriginal station at Framling- ham was established over 20 years ago, and the blacks in that quarter of the colony had been induced to look upon it as their home. The reserve comprised over 4,000 acres, and the blacks were quite willing to allow the Council of Agricultural 1 education to have the greater part of it it 00 or ("60 acres were reserved for their exclusive use Mr LANGRIDGE -How many blacks are there at iramlniEbuin'' Mr MERRY. Until the present agitation there were about 50 but now they numbered only between 10 and 50 Means not altogether honourable had been employed to induce them to remove to other aboriginal stations He had been shown a letter written by the Rev. Mr Hagenauer to one of the aboriginals which was a wheedling, hypo critical attempt to get him to agree to go elsewhere The Chief Secretary made promises last year which he had not kept The < best Secretary Bald on that occasion that he would have no objection whatever to have the matter submitted to Parliament he had received a letter from a friend 1 who stated that she went to the camp and found the blacks very much upset One of the black-list Gooderich 1 her that they were giving up all hope as they eat ecte i Mr Hage later the secretary of the board down When he come down he came down like a wolf upon the field and sent the all about their business They dreaded Mr Hagenauer very much as they dreaded the devil-and they had a proper respect for his Satanic majesty for that had been drummed into them His correspondent said that three of the blacks houses had already been disposed of and informed him how some of the blacks who were considered half-castes were being, treated A resolution was passed by this House that half-castes below a certain age were to be sent out to mix with the rest of the population and if possible to earn their own living Many of the half castes had been on the station for a quarter of a century and it was hard for the ii to have to leave it and e tm their living amongst the rest of the people Sever to of them were married to pure blooded aboriginal women and if the half-castes had to leave the Station mitty households would be broken up He hoped the Chief Secretary would not leave the aborigines to the mercies of the Council of Agricultural ] education The interests of that body was to teach the people how best to till the soil and such enthusiasts were they known to be that were it possible, he believe 1 they would not scruple in order to advance the agricultural interests of the country to convert the Abonemos into manure to fertilise the land (laughter) He wanted to see some act is taken so that the Council of Agricultural Education would not have any power to interfere with the blacks or their station He wanted to see the Chief Scjwtarj redeem its promises the promises that had been made to him personally He wanted the bl fell a to be assure 1 that this was their home that they had an indisputable right to it and that no one should have the right to remove them from it Sir BRYAN O LOGniTN seconded the motion The Chief Secretary but state) that no action would be taken to remove the aborigines from this station until Parliament had had an opportunity of expressing an opinion in the matter P irhnment however had not had the opportunity and he was now informed and in 10 of the blacks had been removed Could not the Chief Secretary have stated in the House what steps were being taken Mr M LI AN would not have risen had it not been for the remarks of the hon. member for Vi arrestment about Mr Hagenauer Ho (Air M J cam had known Mr Hagenauer long and intimately and if the hon. member for Warrnambool had been in the same position he would not have spoken of Mr Hagenauer as he had done Mr Hagenauer was one of the most successful missionaries in Aus brain and had ever been a true and sincere friend of the aborigines Mr DE AlvIN had the commencement of the repair! a of the hon. member for w urr nimboolwts somewhat unfair to the hon member had been informed that on the estimates he could make any Vein tri a he might think necessary In spite of that the hon. member had chosen this extraordinary method of bringing the matter before the House the remark of the hon member might be taken to be personally offensive but he (Mr Deakin) would not take notice of comments of that kind I The board for the protection of ab engines had for many years taken charge of all the aborigines of the colony An arrangement was made at the han members own request with respect to various aboriginals and in every case full consideration was given to the cases brought for ward by the hon. member But for some months he (Mr Deakin) had not heard one word of complaint whatever, and yet the hon member for Warrnambool without a moments warning act The debate going The question at the land was not yet settled, and the hon. member was in formed that he would have an opportunity of raising the question on the Estimates The hon member had had an opportunity of bringing the matter before the House But what had been the case the Agricultural Council had not been no figures sue body but on the contrary a large ) or none of the people had been rumors that the council should have the lull 1 and the pro- posed made was that the barrels! ila should remain on the land is long is they desired the question had really been the curse V in the interests of the aboriginals and there was an attempt to do any thing in the dark The only determination was" that the rights of the aborigines should be preserved The Council of Agriculture would raise no objection whatever to the question being decide 1 by that House The question for the non o was whether it felt justified in entering run. with it board which had done such desirable work without hearing what the board had to any The view which his (Mr Deal his) colleagues took was that in dealing with thosesuitiona there should be considered nor the economic view but the feelings of the aboriginals There was no objection to showing, the aboriginals that they could get better treatment elsewhere but at the station in question the number of aboriginals was being reduced until now there were only 34 and only 20 pure blooded blacks Mr MURRAY there were 12 there last week Mr DEAKIN spoke from information received no later than that day. The half- castes were being induced to leave their settlement and take their places in the (general community The majority of the half castes were now living in different parts of the colony, and no fewer than 28 of caste girls were in do mestic Service Many of the men had stab hailed homes, for themselves and had become merged in the general population 'The aboriginals at Framlingham were not compelled to leave that station, and the promise given by the House had been kept in spirit and in letter Mr McINTYRE thought that it was hardly fair to cast any reflection on the hon. member for Warrnambool, as there seemed to be blame on both sides 'thereout would be satisfied from the reply of the Chief Secretary that the aboriginals would not be compelled to leave the state in, but an assurance should be given that the land should be reserved for them If such an assurance were given, the House would be quite content Mr OFFICER said that as vice chairman of the Board for the protection of Aboriginals be fully concurred with the promise given by the Chief Secretary at the same time, the other side, represented by the hon member for Warrnambool, ought to give a promise not to interfere with the blacks so as to in fluence them the great majority of the blacks now at I raniluigtiam were not born there, and would have left it is influence had not been brought to bear upon them the reflection cast upon the Rev Mr Hagenauer was quite unjustifiable, for a more vigilant secretary, and a more kind hearted man in all his dealings with the blacks this country never produced Nothing like eviction had ever been attempted, and the few blacks who remained there would no doubt be induced to go quietly, and of their own free will, to Condah, where they would be far more comfortable Mr BAYLES said that the complaint of the hon. member for W Warrnambool was not that the Government declined to carry out its promise, but that attempts were being made to inveigle the aboriginals as it He had received a letter from a gentleman, who pointed out that when attempts were made on a former occasion to remove the blacks, they resented it strongly Mr MADDEN understood that the Council of Agricultural Education had been misrepresented The council took no action with regard to securing the land for a college, and this action which was taken was at the instance of the local bodies and the agricultural and pastoral! societies in the Western district, who wanted an agricultural college in the district Mr XV 1 CYRIL I was convinced that pressure had been brought to bear upon the unfortunate blackfellows to get them to move from the place which they had come to consider as their own 1 be Minister of Public Works in whose electorate the station was, ought to pay more regard to their wishes The Rev Mr Hagenauer was a very excellent man, but he was so anxious about getting the abounds to here that he had no time to look after their material necessities Mr AND! RON said that the Trimming ham reserve had been the collecting ground for the aboriginals and half castes, not only of this colony, but of other colonies also, and for a number of years it had been the most expensive station of all It was surprising to hear reference made to the ' poor ' black fellow In his old wild life, the blackfellow lived in a state of semi starvation. Now he was well clothed and fed. Mr. W. T CARTER.- And so he ought to be Mr ANDERSON.-No doubt, and so he would be as long as he remained under the protection of the Aboriginal Board. While he did not desire to see the blacks removed from Framlingham, it was very undesirable that they should be given too much land, because it was impossible to get them to keep the rabbits down. They were too well fed to hunt, and would not keep 640 acres clear, or the half of it. The Aboriginal Board should be allowed to use its discretion in regard to the blacks. If hon. members were to visit the aboriginal stations, they would find that the aboriginals were far better treated than four-fifths of the working men of the colony. The motion for the adjournment of the House was negatived. LEASING OF FOREST LANDS. Mr. WOODS moved for a copy of all papers relating to the alleged leasing of certain forest lands near the head waters of the Yea River. Mr. MUNRO seconded the motion. ^ Agreed to. v THE STEAMER GEM. Mr. W. T. CARTER moved for a return showing particulars of the agreement entered into between the Railway Commissioners and the proprietors of the Gem steamer, and also the amount received by the sale of railway tickets on board the steamer, and the amounts represented by railway tickets collected on board during the last three years. Mr. DERHAM seconded the motion. Agreed to. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH LANDS VESTING BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council, returning the Presbyterian Church Lands Vesting Bill with an amendment. Mr. DEAKIN moved that the amendment be agreed to. Agreed to. NEW HEBRIDES. A message was received from the Legislative Council, transmitting certain resolutions regarding une New Hebrides, and requesting the concurrence of the Assembly therein. THE ESTIMATES. The House went into committee for the further consideration of the Estimates, the votes in the Chief Secretary's department being proceeded with. On the item. " Penal establishments and gaols, £70, 105," Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN drew attention to the inferior character of the accommodation provided in the gaols for accused persons awaiting trial who were unable to obtain bail, in many of the gaols such persons were not much better treated than actual prisoners. Mr. DEAKIN said that in some of the larger gaols an improvement had already been made in the direction indicated. Greater difficulty arose in the smaller gaols, where the accommodation was insufficient to allow of cIsBsificuiion Mr. TUnilLL asked the Chief Secretary what he promised to do in the matter of the retiring allowances to officers of the Penal department. It was understood last year that they were to receive their allowances, not only upon the actual salary received, but also upon the allowances for quarters. Mr. DEAKIN said he would bring the matter before his colleagues. Mr. MASON said the Chief Secretary should consult himself on this matter in his capacity of Solicitor-General. Mr Kill I ON complained that the warders in some of the gaols were compelled to work more than eight hours a day. Mr DEAKIN At certain times only Mr KIRTON On the average more than eight hours a day 'The eight hours system operated generally amongst the working classes of the colony, and he would like the warders to be no exception to the rule The warders had to work on Sunday and their duties were rather of an exacting kind Dr MALONEY wished to bring under the notice of the Chief Secretary the filthy and disgraceful state in which most of our prisons were He could assure the Chief Secretary? that in some of our watch-house there was really a large quantity of vermin. The item was agreed to On the item Hospitals for the insane, £125 248, Mr '1UIHILL and that better service would be done by the warders in the lunatic asylums if the hours of work were reduced At present the warders had to work for 10 or 12 hours continuously, and that was too much It was too much to expect a warder to start work at 5 o'clock last night, and to remain at it till 7 next morning the warders quarters also met with advantage be made more comfortable Mr DIXON thought the Government should consider the advisability of providing a hospital for the manner, to which patients could be sent whose relations were willing to pay for them the Government should also provide it receiving house, so that persons whose minds were temporarily disarranged might be sent there Mr DEAKIN Provision is being made for both your suggestions Sir BRYAN 6 LOGHLEN asked whether it was intended to let things go on for a time as they were in regard to the Kew Asylum land Mr DE VE IN -Yes He had noted Mr. Tothill s remarks in regard to the night warders 'There was an adjustment of the hours about two years ago, and there had been no complaint since Mr. MEthVEN asked what had been done in regard to the number of patients which had to be superintended by the warders at Yarra Bend during the night' Mr DEAKIN have not got the report yet Mr METHVEN was informed that a warder had to look after 150 to 170 patients in the night, and might be on duty 17 or 18 hours No warder could do his duty under such circumstances In reply to Mr BoWJHV, Mr. DEAKIN said he would have a case of a warder at Maryborough, whose widow, after he had served 22 years, had been granted £136 17s 6d , inquired into The question raised by the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs was being inquired into now In answer to Dr Maloney, Mr DEAKIN said that quarters were provided for warders who liked to use them Up to the present time it had not been possible to get only female warders for female patients, but that was a matter which would be put right in time The item was agreed to. On the item " Inebriate Ann Numa, £4 040," Mr DEAKIN, in answer to Mr Munro, said the Government had made temporary arrangements, before special asylums were built, to lease two buildings, one for female and the other for male patients 'They had also paid off the obligations on the Northcote Retreat. Buildings were available for both pay mg and non-paying patients Mr DIXON did not think it a wise policy to lease land and erect buildings at the cost of the state when the Government must at some future date purchase land for the purpose. On the item of 2823 for official visitors to asylums, be asked whether Dr Youl, Dr. Fishbourne, and Dr Graham divided the money in the absence of two other official visitors resigned Mr DEAKIN could not speak positively, but he thought the official visitors personally mentioned drew the same fees individually as they received when there were five official visitors Mr D \ON thought that it would be wise to appoint lay \ miners to co-operate with the medical gentlemen in order that they might bring practical business knowledge to their assistance in dealing with the management of the institutions The vacancies caused by the retirement of the hon. member for Gippsland South and himself as official visitors should be filled up Any recommendation by the visitors us to re pur s and similar matters should be adopted by the department I complaints were frequently made in the press as to the way in which the two lunatic asylums were conducted, but from his own personal experience of these and similar institutions be could testify that they were a credit to the country. Mr ANDREWS noticed that there was an increase of £2 600 in the outlay on the two asylums .TheBeicoDBlield institution ought to be run on commercial lines, and persons who participated in the benefits ought to be made to pay for their maintenance and supervision The item was agreed to. On the item, Department for neglected children and reformatory schools, £11,470, In reply toSirBniAS O'Loghlen, Mr DEAKIN promised that consideration should be given to the claims of an officer named Wells, who had been injured in the discharge of his duties In answer to Mr A Harms, Mr. DEAKIN said that he would cause a fresh investigation to be made into the claims of Sergeant McGann, of Sale In reply to Mr Asdiiews, Mr. DEAKIN said that the item of £30,000 for boarding out children and to provide out site for children sent to service was a fixed annual sum The boarding out system find been highly commended, and, in fact, the industrial schools were now practically abolished, and were merely receiving houses in which children were kept until they could be transferred to a home. An increased number of children were boarded out every year and though the number of committals could not be determined beforehand, still the experience of the past year showed that the sum specified would probably be required with but very little margin. The item was agreed to The item ' Inspection of neglected children and reformatory schools, £2 103, was agreed to On the item " Observatory, £5.382," Mr HALL would like to know what was the good of spending so much money on the Observatory The weather pre- fictions which were issued from it were inaccurate, and he could see no other results for the expenditure of the money Mr DEAKIN said that the weather service cost only £1)0 or £400 a year An important branch of the vvorkattheObservatorj was the accumulation of evidence with regard to the rainfall of the colony and this p ovided data which were valuable for the solution of many large questions connected with agriculture. The Water Supply Deparment also received continuous and valuable assistance from the Observatory. In addition to that it was carrying on scientific work especially as regards astronomy which was the greatest importance to the civilised world Mr W T e Mel TR said that the Observatory was exceedingly useful for the collection and accumulation of data on which true weather science could be based The head of that institution, Mr I! L J Ellery, was a most competent gentleman, besides being an enthusiast in the matter of science, and was deserving of every assistance. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ANDREWS remarked that Parliament made a very liberal allowance towards the maintenance of the Observatory, and if it had been gathering valuable scientific in formation for the last 15 years, as had been stated, surely it was time that a progress report concerning its labours was placed before the House. The Bluff was a very large one when the amount of benefit that the public obtained from the Observatory was taken into consideration, and it better results were not forthcoming this year probably the pruning knife would have to be applied to the expenditure of this institution next year Mr DEAKIN said that if hon. members would visit the Observatory they would see for themselves what was being done at that place, and would be quite satisfied that the expenditure was justifiable Mr CR WEN remarked that it was merely a waste of time discussing the proposal of the hon. member for Shepparton lie (Mr Craven) was astonished that an hon. member could display such ignorance as had been shown by that hon. member Mr. ARMYTAGE remarked that it would no doubt be of benefit to the colony if it could get a political astronomer to forecast the state of the political world However, until we could discover a prophetical Baron Munchausen it would be perfectly useless attempting to do so (Laughter ) The item was agreed to On the item, Public Library, Museum, and National Gallery, 12S.00S, ' Captain TAYLOR proposed as an amendment that the item should only be granted on condition that the trustees of that institution should cause it to be open on Sunday after noon from 2 to 5 o'clock in the amendment were agreed to it would not affect the amount of the item in the slightest degree, and therefore the Government ought not to oppose it It merely provided that the institution should be open on that day in the week on which a great portion of the public would be able to visit it, who could not find time to visit the institution on any other day of the week. Mr. DEAKIN stated that the Government could not allow conditions of that character to be attached to its estimates, otherwise it would never know when they might be sprung upon them or where they would end. He hoped that the motion would be withdrawn, so that a question of such importance as this might be debated on a motion of which proper notice had been given, when every member interested would be in his place to listen and take part in the debate. To press the amendment now would necessarily cause the Government to vote against it, as well as all those opposed to the principle of opening such institutions on Sundays Mr. BURROWES remarked that it was not fair to bring the matter before the committee by a side wind in this manner. Dr. MALONEY said that the Government had advised the hon. member for Hawthorn when the question was before the House a few days ago to bring it forward when the estimates were under consideration Mr WHEELER hoped that the hon. member for Hawthorn would withdraw his motion It would be very unfair to take a vote of this kind on the spur of the moment and in a very thin House Besides rbar, it would be a most dangerous precedent to attach such provisoes to the Estimates Mr. MUNRO said he had himself caused a condition to be attached to a vote on the Estimates, but at the same time it was desirable that to fair and honest division should be taken on this question It would be better to postpone the matter now, and to fix upon another evening, when it could be brought on and decided It would not be fair to the House or the country to press the motion now. Mr LANGRIDGE considered that it would be very uutuir to hon. members who were absent to take a division on this question now. It would jeopardise the cause if the motion were persevered with. Mr. W. T. CARTER said he would have to vote for the motion, but at the same time he earnestly deprecated frequent and useless votes being taken on the question. Dr. PEARSON observed that a condition could, no doubt, be occasionally attached to a vote on the Estimates, but it was not a desirable thing' to do. Nor was it a desirable thing to spring such a motion on the House. Some members of the Government, including himself, were ardently in favour of the proposal contained in the motion, but they would be compelled to vote against it in its present shape. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that if the Government would fix a day for the debate to take place, the motion could be withdrawn at once. The fact was that this was one of the ghosts of the House, and hon. members were afraid to meet it. Mr TUTHILL considered that the question really before the chair was as to whether a very undesirable precedent should be established in the mode of dealing with the Estimates Mr GORDON suggested that the discussion might be left till the bill introduced by the hon. member for East Melbourne (Mr. Stuart) came before the House. Captain TAYLOR.-There is no chance of that being"' reached this session Mr BAILES hoped that the hon. member for Hawthorn would not carry the question to a division. Even if the motion were carried it would decide nothing hon members had not even known that the Chief Secretary's estimates were to come on that evening Mr OFFICER said he had always been in favour of opening the Public Library and Museums on Sunday, but it the present motion went to the vote he would have to vote against it, because it introduced a very objectionable practice in regard to the Estimates Captain TAYLOR said it had been shown that a condition could be attached to a vote in the Estimates, so that there was nothing in that argument. The plea that it was unsafe to proceed with the motion in such a thin House was more weighty, and he was perfectly willing to allow the matter to stand over if the Government would take these Estimates on another night It was the suggestion of the Government itself that the question should be discussed on the Estimates Mr DEAKIN assured the lion , learned, and gallant member that it he persevered with his proposition the Government would have to vote against it. The Government was pledged to vote for its estimates, and must, therefore, vote against this proposition If the hon. member brought up the question straightforwardly, the members of the Government, although they differed amongst themselves on it, would have no difficulty in taking sides on it Mr ANDREWS hoped the hon. member for Hawthorn would withdraw his motion to night, and ask the Government to fix a day for its consideration within a fortnight, as had been suggested by the hon. member for Port Fairy. The Government should not expect to have this matter postponed unless they gave some pledge to this effect. He should like to see an opportunity given to the hon. member to bring this matter forward when all hon. members could be present Captain TAYLOR was willing to withdraw the proposition if the Government would promise to give a night as had been suggested. Mr. J. HARRIS said the hon. member for Hawthorn was making a most unfair thing of the Government. He was with the hon member on the question, but would have to vote against him proposition now. The committee divided on the question that the proviso proposed by the hon. member for Hawthorn be added to the item, with the following result. A j es 15 Noes ' . . M Majority against the amendment 41 The following is the division list . AYES Mr Army Use Mr Foster Mr Murray \- Bennett - Langridge Mr B O'fiojrhlen \- Carter, W. T Dr. Maloney Mr. Parfitt \- Dixon Mr Methven Capt. Taylor \- Duffy NOES. Mr. Anderson Mr. Gardiner Mr. Patterson \- Andrews - Gillies - Peacock \- Bahrs - Gordon Dr. Pearson \- Beazley - Graham Mr. Richardson \- Best - Hall - Shackell \- Bowman - Harris, A. - Smith, C. Brock - Harris, J. - Smith, T. \- Burrowes - Hunt Col. Smith \- Cameron - Keys Mr. Staughton \- Carter, G. D. - Kirton - stormy \- Clark to Mason Stuart \- Craven - M'Coll - Tatchell \- Davies, D. M. - M'lntyro - Tucker \- Deakin - M'Lcail - Tutllill \- Derham - Mountain - Webb \- Duncan - Munro - Wheeler \- reception - Officer - Williams \- Forrest - Outtrim - Young, A. Mr. LANGRIDGE said that Colon"! Smith, Mr, M'Coll, Mr. Peacock, and Mr. Kirton ant on the side of the "eyes" when they sailed for the division, and afterwards went over to the side of the "noes." He claimed their votes. In reply to the CiiAtHMAX, Colonel SMITH said his voice was altogether on the side of the noes. (Great laughter.) Mr MUNRO said flint the hon. member for Ballarat West called out "no," and went to the side of the way and called out divide." The hon. member called out "he," and his voice went with the noes. (Laughter.) Mr. Dixon- rose to speak. The CHAIRMAN said he could not bear the hon. member, as he was not speaking from his proper place in the House. The item was agreed to. On the item " Government Botanist, £2,863," Mr. DIXON said he was obliged to the Chairman for giving him information as to what part of the House be should speak from. He had understood that an hon. member could address himself to the chair from any part of the House except the Treasury benches. The CHAIRMAN You are totally wrong. The first standing order under the head of " debate," states that an hon. member must rise in his place and address the Speaker, and the same rule applies in committee. Mr. M'INTYRE would like a definition of " place " given. The CHAIRMAN was astonished at the hon. member asking for a definition of " place." Mr. M'INTYRE did not want the Chair- man's astonishment He wanted a ruling. The' CHAIRMAN said it had been ruled over and over again, both by the Speaker and by Chairmen of Committees, that the Beat taken by a member at the beginning of the session by fixing his card to the back, was his seat during the session. Mr. DIXON said that if that standing order were correct, then he was in his place when he first rose to speak, for that was the seat occupied by him at the beginning of the session. He had drifted over to the other side. The CHAIRMAN. The hon. member is now out of order. Mr. DIXON moved that progress be reported. A division was about to be taken on the motion to report progress, and the bells were rung. Mr. BAILES.-Am I in order in asking a rilling Tbe CHAIRMAN. You are in order in doing nothing just now. (Laughter.) The demand for a division was withdrawn, and the - motion to report progress was negatived. Mr. DUFFY" considered that the ruling in regard to the hon. member for Prahran was not quite as it ought, to be. The CHAIRMAN have given my decision, and this is not the proper time to discuss the question. Mr. MASON urged that the House was entitled to discuss the point of order raised by the hon. member for Prahran. Mr. GILLIES.-What is the meaning of this? Mr MASON -The Premier has been out of this committee. If he asks hon. members he will know the meaning of it 'The CHAIRMAN had ruled in accordance with the standing order The hon. member for Prahran, who had changed his seat since the beginning of the session, could not claim two places in the Assembly (Laughter) A hundred precedents could be cited in support of the ruling Mr Duri Y was of opinion that an hon. member could address the House from any seat he pleased, and hoped they would not be chant d down to any particular place The CHAIRMAN -The hon. member may get the Standing Orders Committee to alter this standing order The item was agreed to The item, " Government shorthand writer, £2 387," was agreed to On the, item, " Victorian Hansard £2 271, Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN called attention to the absolute necessity for a daily//misai Two of his speeches last week were thoroughly misreported in the leading paper It a paper reported a speech at all, it ought to take care to report it correctly One of the speeches was urging on the House to take an opportunity of passing a resolution in regard to the present strike and the lending paper made such a ' mail of his observations that he entirely dis- owned and repudiated the report It was a disgrace to journalism that the speech should be be reported Other speeches in that debate were reported remarkably well, but he noticed that this paper either omitted what was said or misreported what was put in He had had a most extraordinary letter from a particular mend, who wanted to know whether the statements he had read in that paper were the statements be (Sir Bryan O O'Loghlen) had made in that House He had a copy of Hansard, and would go to the expense of re printing' the two reports side by side He did not speak of the other papers in the city, because they only professed tative abort summaries in order to put down the misrepresentation and misreporting of this paper, be would urge all members who valued their speeches being properly reported to their constituents and to the general public to support a daily Hansard It was a mill and a misreported report that he disowned and repudiated Hon members would be able to see for themselves whether it was not necessary for their own character, and for the brains which they were supposed to have, that there should be a fair, and accurate, and sensible report of their observations There would never be true In dependence of speech in this country until there was a daily Hansard. It had been tried, and tried with success, in Queensland At one time even the Hi Brisbane Count I took a copy of the local Man said and published it every morning with the newspaper If the system were adopted here it could be carried out for £1 000 or £20,000 At the present time the Legislative Assembly was becoming simply a Chamber of registration Every thing that was said on the Government side w ill printed in the morning papers, and everything that was said in criticism of the Government was carefully eliminated It was perfectly plain that unless hon members had a daily Hans ml to break down the system of suppression and misreporting and mulling off opponents speeches they would never get fair play Mr DEAKIN desired to answer a question which had been put by the leader of the Opposition in order to produce planes d on Friday the present and would have to be trebled, and the cost would be about 120 000 a year It would cost about i 10 000 to publish a daily Hansard but complete in formation on the point was not available Mr MUNRO said that if the Government called for tenders and placed the work in the hands of practical men He than could be published every Saturday morning at the present cost Every thing that the Government undertook however, was a blunder Mr M'INIiRLsnid that a daily Hansard could not possibly cost £10 000 a year the reporters had nothing to do but take notes of the speeches and transcribe them, and before the last speech was made every thing,; was in type 1 our reporters could not do the work, but if the number was doubled Has aid could easily be published every Saturday) morning Mr lUiniLL thought that Jlamaid ought to be available on Friday If J ¡an said was so bad, why not do away with it altogether and give the contract to one of the daily papers, which could furnish a verbatim report ' As a matter of fact The Al ins gave a fairly correct report of the proceedings of the House Sir BRi AN OLOGHLEN -Yes, when you agree with it Mr TUTHILL thought that perhaps there was a bias shown in reporting the speeches at times, but still if lliiAiyus could givealuirly accurate and full report and publish it next morning, it was impossible to see why 11 instead could not be published every 1 day morning -Mr RICHARDSON thought it was time that this question was settled A daily Hansard could be published at a much less cost than that state by the Chief Secretary if tenders were called for the work In Queensland it daily Hansard was published, which was a success There was an inquiry in the country for fuller information than that given in the daily papers regarding the debates in Parliament and that inquiry ought to be satisfied It would be of great value to the country, and assistance to the country, it a daily Hansard Acre published Neither the country nor Parliament ought to tolerate the scanty reports given in the daily newspapers of the speeches delivered by han members Those newspapers were conducted on commercial principles, and therefore they could not be blamed for limiting the space given to the speeches of hon members as the committee had a right to ask the Government to complete a plan for publishing a daily Hansard Mr DUFFY. considered that if the Government were to assist the Library Committee with a little money Hansard could be issued on Saturday instead of on '1 nesdays as now. He did not approve of a daily Hansard, but unless the Government gave the committee some assistance to enable it to bring Hansard out earlier in the week it would come to that in the course of a year or two It, however, tile newspapers did give a verbatim report of the speeches it would not perhaps be agree able to hon. members nor adding to their constituents A daily Haiiaaid would lend us a flood of verbosity that was not dealt able However, Birnie steps should be taken to expedite the publication of Hansard Mr XV T CARTER thought that the reports of the speeches of hon members given in Hammill were excellent, and were superior to those given in the hills send papers, because the latter were not only meagre but partial Mr MADDEN considered that it would be a wicked and unwarrantable waste of public money it £40 000 were expended in bringing out a daily Jfanianl each year The money could be expended in a better direction. If 100,000 copies of J lan aid were issued daily not 1 per cent, of them would be read Mr MUNRO said the report of the select committee which sit in lSbfi showed that 06,000 copies of a daily Jfmuard could be produced at a cost of £11 ij00 a year Hon. members were not asking now for a daily Hansard, but merely that the weekly Hansard should be published on Saturday morning, and he believed that this could be done for an additional £7,000 a year Mr DEAKIN said the estimate of £1/,800 was made on the assumption that the report should be produced in connection with one of the daily papers, but if it were printed by the Government the cost would be much greater A separate gallery would have to be provided for the additional reporters Dr MALONEY said there was a company in Melbourne which was prepared to produce a daily Hansard for £10,000 a year Mr HALL thought it only fair to say that the Hansard reports were a marvel of correctness und truthfulness, and the corrections that were necessary were surprisingly few. 'The newspapers could not be blamed for the condensed reports which they were obliged to give It would cost very little more to have Man said published earlier each week The cost of printing and paper would be just the same. No additional gal 1er accommodation would be required, because no more room would be wanted for nine reporters than for one Mr BAILES failed to see any good reason why the present weekly llama) d should not be published before the following Tuesday. With additional reporters it could easily be brought out on Friday. Mr C SMITH suggested that if the Han laid reporters were not expected to "lick the speeches of hon. members into shape, the report might be published absolutely verbatim on the following morning, and copies could be supplied to hon members to present to their constituents (Laugh- ter j Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN would prefer to see the Han said remain a Government publication, but rather than do without a daily Hansard he would be willing to give the publication of it to a daily paper. Some reference had been made by hon. members to the reports in the papers as being superior to the reports in Hansard. That struck him as being entirely out of place. The Hansard reports were real trustworthy reports, and the reports of the newspapers were merely summaries made to suit the convenience of the public Mr. BAILES-The Hammil reporters have been reporters on the newspapers. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -No doubt they were the cream of the available reporters. If the Government would undertake to give 112,000 a year to print a daily H amount he would undertake to say that before next month a company would be formed to pub- lish 30,000 copies of Hansard d for a remunera- tion of £12,000 a year. The item was agreed to The following items were also agreed to Audit office, £1,101 , aborigines, £8 SSJ a friendly societies, £420 , inspection of officers in charge of stores, ALSO On the item, " Inspection of factories and shops, £2,078,' Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN would like to know what action was being taken by the Government in reference to the question of the factories and shops Mr DEAKIN said, as far as the factories portion of the act was concerned, it was entirely workable, and was giving great satisfaction He had now under consideration an amending bill to introduce certain improvements in the factories portion of the act. With regard to the shops portion of the act the hon. member for Ballarat West had a bill before the House to amend the act be cause it did not work in the way the Early Closing Association and the shopkeepers desired. When the bill of the hon. member for Ballarat West was being considered he (Mr Deakin) intended to submit certain amendments which experience had shown to be desirable Mr W. T. CARl'ER-Is it proposed to give the marine engine-drivers the recognition which they required, viz that marine certificates should be recognised ' Mr DEAKIN could not promise to do that, because the Government had not yet considered it, but he intended to lay a recommendation before the Cabinet. Mr B VILES wished to know if it could not be arranged to have men as inspectors under the Factories and Shops Act who thoroughly understood the work Mr DEAKIN That will be desirable. 'The item was agreed to On the item Exhibitions, £0,500," Mr KIRTON called attention to the fact that only £500 appeared in the Estimates as an allowance to the Juvenile Exhibition to be held in Ballarat shortly A similar exhibition in Sandhurst had received £1,000 The Ballarat exhibition was to be carried out on a larger scale than any of the previous Juvenile Exhibitions. The item was agreed to. On the item Grants, £28,500" Dr MALONEY called attention to the small amount set down for the Victorian Artists' Society. Mr TUTHILL said the country libraries had received smaller grants this year than the previous year. The country libraries were worthy of large support. Mr DEAKIN There is an increase of £1,000 this year. Mr. TUTHILL would like to see the art galleries in the country subsidised. Mr. WHEELER said that although there was an increase of £1,000 on the Estimates this year, nothing had created more dissatisfaction throughout the country than the allocation of the vote this year. Whether it was the number of extra applications that had been made he did not know, but many of the country libraries had not got half as much this year as they received last year. The Government should put a larger sum on the Estimates for these libraries, as their educational influence was very great Mr DEAKIN said that the principle in which the vote was distributed was to take the surplus of the private subscriptions over the Government subsidy for a period of four years, and by that means estimate what the institution was entitled to. 1 brough n mis- take in calculating the surplus for some libraries, smaller sums had been paid than was intended, but that would be set right this year. The item was agreed to On the item " Miscellaneous," Mr. DEAKIN, in reply to Sir Bryan 0 Loam he, said he would bring before the Superannuation Board the case of a constable who was seriously injured while on duty at Carlton, and would in all probability not be able to do ordinary work awaits, with a view of getting an increased allowance In reply to Mr M aNnie, Mr DEAKIN Bind the £5,000 down for commissions and boards of inquiry, which was 50 per cent more than last year would be required. Provision had to be made for some strains from last year. In reply to Mr Turun l, Mr DEAKIN Bind the Superannuation Board would not certify for an increased allowance to Constable M'Kenna. The item was agreed to ORDER OF BUSINESS. Mr GILLIES, in answer to Mr Munro, said the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill would be the first business on the following night, but the clause relating to the £800,000 would not be taken until the hon. member for East Melbourne, who wished to speak on the matter, and who could not be in the House early, was present in reply to Mr It'Coi e, Mr GlLLIEbsaid he hoped to take the Local Government Bill on thursday. THE FORAN CASE. In reply to Mr. Riguaruson, 'Mr GILLIES said he did not think there would be any objection to laying the report of the Public Service Board and the correspondence with the Education department in regard to the Foran case on the library table. ADJOURNMENT The House adjourned at 11 o'clock until next day. _______^^^^^ 