EXTRAORDINARY MOUlTAfflMYSTEET A GOLDFIELD STOEY. *' There 'won't be so many if they stay long,' said Stanhope. ' Mag,' broke in Cool Hank, ' you must give me something to cover my face. These fellows must not see me.' A scarlet flush dyed Mag's broTV, and her eyes flashed upon her lover. But Stan honfi fvnnlrp. nrnmntlv : ' Here, if it's a disguise you 'want, I'll fix you.' He drew from, some inner pockets a fuzzy false beard and moustache, and shook them out with, a quick snap. * There let me put them on. Now, wear my hat. 'You're fixed. Better turn down that light again, Miss Wray,' Old Mary Lad entered from the kitchen. 1 They're all huddled together in a bunch out by the stables,' she said. And then she saw the new-comers, and stopped and stared. * Let's take a look at them, Mary,' said Stanhope, and the two went out together. Mary led him across the dark room and up to one of the two windows, of which one 'was on either side of the door, and both, like the door, opened to the west. Stanhope peeped ont for a moment, and then whispered : * Isn't there another west ^window, Mary ?' . 'Yes j in the pantry.' * Can we open these windows, without too much noise P* * Yes ; they open pretty easy.' Then she started at a sudden recollection. * Why, the pantry window is open at the top !' Instantly Stanhope began to move .to ward the pantry-door, which he fancied he could see on the side of the room nearest him. \- That's it,' said Mary. A few moments later, Stanhope re entered the sitting-room, where Cool Hank, \- Mag and Barbara stood, one at the door and one near each 'window, in watchful atti tudes. He beckoned them, and they came toward them. ' I've been listening at the pantry win dow,' he said. They're going tp try moral suasion once more. If that fails, they're going to batter the kitchen door in, if we don't stop them.' * We'll stop them,' said Mag grimly. * Miss Drood,' said Stanhope, ' if we can drive away these men without bloodshed, i$ will be best, believe me.' Oh, yes, yes i said Barbara, quickly. *You know,' continued the young de tective, smiling a little, ' if we kill them, X)utton and I might have to bury tthem ; and if anyone is -wounded, you'd have to take him in and nurse him. I think we can drive them away.1 * Well,5 said Mag, « if you can. But I'll take my share in the burying if we shoot -every one of them. What shall we do ?' Take all the guns into the kitchen, and when they come to the front door to parley ypu and Mary open the kitchen windows ; without noise, if you can.' A. few moments later, a loud knock sounded on the front door. The prompt * Who's there ?' that was uttered in an un mistakably manly voice, seemed, for a mo ment to have caused consternation in the midst of the enemy. There was no reply to the question, and Stanhope,, with his ear to the keyhole, 'could hear them whis pering eagerly. Presently the besiegers seemed to understand each other, and one of them knocked a second time. ^ Who's there,' Stanhope called again. ' Friends. In that you, Monckton ?' * No 5 it isn't Monckton,' replied Stanhope sharply. And then, loud enough to be heard by those who, he knew, were pressing close up against the door -without, but yet in. a milder tone, as if .addressing some one in the room, he said : i Miss Drood, I must insist that you let me and my men deal with these fellows. We were sent here for that purpose. There was silence outside for a moment, and then : * Who the dickens are you ?' demanded . tiie same voice outside. * Lieutenant Baker is my name,' an swered Stanhope promptly. ' You don't want to b.e introduced to all my men, do you?* ? Again there -was a whispered consul tation, and then the impatient spokesman said : 'What brought Lieutenant Baker and all his men to this ranch ?' ? We came chiefly on your account,' re plied Stanhope coolly. . * Bah ! We don't believe you've got any ' men in there 1' * If you stay about here much longer, we'll convince you that you're out in that , ' opinion.' - * We mean to come in,' broke in another and sterner voice. You'd better open the door.* ? f Come jn, then,' retorted the selfcom missioned lieutenant. * We'll give you a warm Welcome.' .. .. JlTcr some moments longer the men hung ' about the door, giving it an occasional shake, and making farther attempts to parley^ bulb , no voice answered them. . Stanhope was in the kitchen, arranging his defences. Perhaps ike ghost, or the £eax of its possible reappearance, had prevented the ;mi|n from wishing to stand guard again at ,t, £ £9 Mtehen-door. *'' At any rate, all ttfe be Meging party had gone in a body to the 'jEroJttt} and Mag and Mary found ap diffib '.cul% in , opening the windows. By the tame the besiegers, now bent upon making \- ft^prcible entrance, had selected from a pile of timbers, intended fox use in building, ^ -Ha-| !iea,vy enough, to servo their purpose as a' i?j$tering-iam, the besieged were ready. for the onset. At the pantry-window 'vraa, , Stanhope, 'with a gun resting upon the eil|., ClfSgi^ijbp^e of the kitchon windowsirouched v- Ma^f» giinilarly armed, while Mary^Joaa hc^ 'sJ£&jMxi;&$pjx& »^ng;pif1»lin oaohhtuid. » * Via. liandy witix ~T»a6r TBBtS?~^he ' iaS. said. * Give me two.?- ?;.; --;-,{: At the third and lastjwin'dcsw' 'was Cool Hank, also 'armed with, 4 pisioL— ;-Much against her inclination, Barbara Wray had been sent to the rear. ' ' y: Each figure crouched low beside its window ; the muzzle of each 'weapon obliquely upon the' window ledge; The besiegers have selected their batter ing rani, brought it into place, and raised it.* ' Now,' said their leader, ' bring it ahead a few steps more. Then a rush and it:s done.' Une, two, three paces they bring it for ward. It is directly' in a line with that luckless kitchen door. * All ready ?' says the leader. And then another voice rings out : *AU ready? A moment of statue-like silence within and without. * Fire !' A blaze and a roar j bullets whizzing over the heads of the besiegers, now tho roughly demoralized. * That was a warning,' cries the voice of Stanhope. His words are drowned in another volley of shots ; this time they come from the enraged enemy, and they rattle about the cottage and whistle in at the windows. ' Now,' cries the leader again, * forward with the ram, boys, and -we've got her.' Again, for an instant, it is silent without. Then a mighty yell breaks the stillness, and following it the sound of galloping horses. At the. same moment two pistol shots from . the cottage cut their way among the men outside. Another yell, that mingles with the howls of wounded xneji9 and the galloping horses are very near. Then the beam tumbles to the ground, and, in a moment, the last of the besiegers is disappearing behind the stables, leaving a trail ;of blood as he goes. I'd like to know what they thought,' said Stanhope, afterward, relating the story of the siege and rescue to Doctor Mitchell. ? I suppose they must have imagined it was another regiment. How two such men as 'Vernet and Carson could have let on5 such horse-power yells, I can1t see yet. I supposed it was all Caledonia. It wasn't a very pleasant position, though, for any of us. Leaving the outlaws out of the question, there were Van and Charlie Carson, with their led horses, tearing around the house. They didn't know whether to follow those fellows, or look for ns. And when he called us — well, I didn't answer promptly. I didn't quite know what had happened. I had heard some one fall, out in the kitchen, and I was suffering,at that minute, from actual horror, f earing that it might be one of the women. After all, it was Miss Wray who brought us- into port.' In this wise it had come about : Unable to remain inactive after the re ceipt of Stanhope's note, Van Vernet had determined to ride to the ranch ; and Oharlie Carson was not to be left behind. They had started late, but had ridden rapidly, and so arrived in less than half an hour after Cool Hank and Stanhope had left their horses to take care of themselves on the open prairie. These quadrupeds had turned their heads homewards, and were aimlessly rambling, feasting as they w-ent, when Vernet and Charlie came up to them ; and, being on the look out for Stanhope and Cool Hank, the two were not slow in surmising that these might be the horses they had ridden. Filled with fear lest their friend had fallen into some ambugli, they had taken possession of the horses, and hurried forward to the ranch, arriving just in time to hear the first vol ley, to see that it was fired from the house, and to charge down, cheering^ with their four galloping horses to the rescue. It was then that Vernet, puzkled be tween the silence and darlmess within, and the fleeing outlaws without, called sharply : * Dick— Mag — ' and then last and most thrillingly-^' Barbara I* And it rwas Barbara who was first to answer from the darkness within : Here ! oh, here I' It 'was Barbara, too, who, a moment later, opened the kitchen-door, just as old Mary struck a light, which flashed up, illu minating a weird scene. In the door- way was Van Vernet grasping both Barbara's hands and saying something incoherent, while Charlie Carson peered anxiously over his shoulder. Stanhope, half-way across the kitchen paused.* staring at the opposite side of the room, where Cool H&nk; Button lay by the window which he had guarded, with blood flowing from his shoulder, and Mountain Mag kneeling at his side. To care for him was their first thought, but 'when they pressed for ward, Mag said huskily : * Leave him 5 leave him to Mary and me.' c And to me,' said Barbara bravely. Cool Hank stirred and opened his eyes. ' It's nothing,' he whispered, Iboking at no. one but Mag. ' Tell them to see that those villains — — ?— ' He closed his eyes, fainting again frpni loss of blood. Stanhope was out of *be house, in a moment, and Vernet, waiting only to be srure that Cool Hank was -indeed in gopd hands, and that he could dp nothing there, followed Mm. The outlaws were already galloping across the prairie westward. When Stanhope and Vernet re-entered the kitchen, Mag had cut away the clothing from Cool Hank's shoulder. It was only a fiesh.wountiL after 'all. The oullejb had passed between the arm and body* drawing much 'blbo&fint; inflicting no serious injury. It -was the crippled arm that had received the shot. Wiiije Mag was staunching the blood, Mary preparing bandages, and Barbara hoyeriug near them, eager to do 'vrhat she could, Vernet, Stanhope, and Carson con versed in low tones, .' ' HpW did this happen f'asked Vernet- ; ? * I dpn?t know,' replied iStanhope, * the men were here wbjea we came,? And he related what had taken place, as he: knew it, after which Vgrnet told how he and Charlie had fpund the two horses wandering at will, and. taken possession of them. : '??'?* Well/ 'sajd 'Ohsxlie, * thx-se horses ^xe entitled to their share of oi^Sit, . ,1 gij^ss they created the impression in the Jninds of . thoBp fetlpwa of a whole ^bunted ^jigadfi,5. ? ' :.'-., \:/y.'( .'?''V.--.' '*#.-; =' ? ; - . 'I've heard that three or four po^boye, Tiding about a house on a dark night and yelling at the top of their lungs, have been taken for a formidable troop of 'Indians on the war-path,' said Vernet. * I can see now that it might easily be.' ' Do you think the outlaws will come back ?' aslred Charlie. * No,' said Stanhope, * I don't 5 but we'll be on our 'guard.* * What was their purpose, Dick f ' Stanhope^ cast a rapid glance around him. ' Wait,' he said ; ' let's go into the sitting room. We will light the lamps, and reload the guns, in case they do return. Our best plan now is to create the impression of strong reinforcements and perfect security. I'll close the windows and fasten up the curtains again.' This was soon done and then they went into the sitting-room. ' You asked my opinion of this business,' said Stanhope, ? I'll tell you. I think they were after Miss Wray. And if they were, it's proof positive, to me, that Mr. Wray is alive and in their hands. They hoped to get possession of his daughter, and then practise upon his fears.' * Curse them,' said Vernet ; ? I wish you had shot them alL' 'We were too weak to begin actual bloodshed. Besides, it would have been terrible for Miss Wray. She begged us not to kill. Our plan was to fire together, over their heads, as they were about to rush upon the door. If the first round failed to drive them back, we meant to fire the second straight Into them. I anticipated that they 'would return our volley, and thought if we could get them to empty their weapons it would be so much the better, in case we had to fire the second time. The word was given to shoot and then drop to the floor. I don't see how they happened to hit Dutton.' ' I guess Hank didn't drop,' said a voice from the door. They turned to see Marv entering. She closed the door and came toward them. ' I had my cut at them,' she continued, ' and I'm glad of it.' * Was it you who fired those two last pistol-shots ?' asked Stanhope. ' Yes. I guess I gave 'em as good as they sent Hank, anyway, if they didn't any of 'em stay behind.' ' I guess you .did, too, Mary,' said Stan hope, not thinking it worth while, then, to comment further upon her pistol-practice ; ? you drew blood. How is Dutton ?' ' Oh, he'll come out all right. Some of you'd better try and get Miss Wray away. She's been so 'wrought up she aint thought about herself yet, but she's beginnin' to look pale, and she can't get quieted down too soon. We're going to put Hank in my room, 'cause it's handier for Viim than Monck's. He's purty weak, .and'll be willin' to lay quiet a little while, I reckon.1 Vernet started and turned to the door. ' I'll go,' he said, and then hesitated. ' Well, go, Van,' said Stanhope. ' Bring her in here ; it will be better for her just now. She'll calm down quicker if she's among us alL' (to be coirnircED.) 