Beliefs of Uncivilised People in a Future Life. According to Sir John Lubbock, the lowest savages are entirely devoid of any belief in a future life. He says that a friend of' Mr. Andrew Lang's once tried to explain to a native Australian the idea of a soul ; bat hjs explanation of a, living entity without a body, -without arms or legs, or mouth to eat, could not be realised by the savage, who very probably thought that either the mis sionary's reason was leaving him, or that he was trying to perpetrate a joke on a simple child of - nature. The ancient Britons at the time of the Bom&n; conquest, however, are said to have had such a firm belief in the reality of a second existence that they readily sent their money to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful repayment in the next world. TMs system of usury, it is evident, would be much appre ciated by borrowers in civilised countries of tae world at the present time. ~ The Hindoos have always had a strong belief in spiritual life. Not long ago one of them who was cheated out of 40 rupees cut off his mother's head in order that her ghost might haunt the man who Jiad robbed him. Some Polynesians believe that only the chiefs are immortal; others more liberally minded assert that all men have souls, but that women have none. Some nagro tribes believe that their deceased parents are still alive in the spiritual world, because they occasion ally visit them in their dreams; but of their grandparents they say, 'It is finished,' meaning that their existence has become for ever ex tinct. The Maoris, who are perhaps the most intellectual of modern savages, have, an unshak able faith in the existence of another world be yond the grave ; and this belief makes them con sider it a serious thing to kill an enemy and let bis spirit go out embittered by the sense of defeat to the land of shadows; for while in that region they imagine that he will prepare and mature Ms revenge, and when Ms old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible disadvan tage. On the other band, if a man eats as well as tills Ms enemy, they believe that tkere^ is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and that his spirit, strength, and courage, along with Ms other good and evil qualities, are absorbed into and appropriated by the victor. And this is the reason, also, why a Maori is always so anxious to eat all by himself the body of any noted chieftain who has fallen in battle. 