dcnmtl $£to& ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. LAYING THE CORNER-STONE. AN IMPOSING CEREMONIAL. To all South Australians the ceremony which took place at St. Peter's Cathedral on Satur day must have a certain amount of interest, and to all engaged in church work it must possess still more, but most of all the event must be a matter for congratulation to members of the Anglican denomination. By colonists generally the inauguration of such an extensive work as the completion of this building, which for 12 years has remained in its present un finished condition, may certainly be regarded as an indication of prosperity and of confidence in the future. By church workers, to whatsoever denomination they may belong, it may be taken as an evi dence that the work of an important section of the Christian Church in this colony is in a flourishing state. Finally by the Anglicans, who are most intimately concerned of all, the work inaugurated on Saturday may be viewed with feelings of the keenest satisfaction, as marking a momentous departure in the history of the diocese, A considerable period may possibly elapse before the hopes entertained by Bishop Ken nion and his coadjutors reach fulfilment, bat there will be no such strain upon their patience as was experienced by those who projected the election of the most stately fanes in the old world. Numerous examples could be cited from mediaeval and modem history of the time occupied in such enterprises, including that greatest instance of all, St. Peter's of Rome, where six centuries intervened between the start and the finish. In the chronicles of their own Cathedral, though they do not yet extend over half a century, the Anglicans of this colony may find a great deal to encourage them and to give assurance that "all things come to him who waits," and "while waiting perseveres." For 19 years after the founda tion-stone had been laid Bishop Short had to wait in patience before he could dedicate the building incomplete as it was, to its holy service. To him indeed it was not vouchsafed that he should witness the consummation of the work which he inaugu rated, but his successor has taken it up with such vigor that he may reasonably hope that he will be with us still when St. Peter's Cathedral is a finished structure. It is now a few months over 21 years since the foundation-stone of the Cathedral was laid, so that the building may be said to have recently attained its majority. When the stage of absolute maturity arrives the edifice will form a fitting monument to the enthusiasm and devotion of the members of the Anglican Church in South Australia. In new lands such as these there must necessarily be a great difference, not merely in size and grandeur, but in antiquity and associations, between the cathedrals that are erected and those ancient and noble piles with which travellers in Europe are familiar. Our history may be said to lie before us, but as that history grows so will our architecture increase in interest; and centuries hence the Cathedral of St. Peter, Adelaide, may excite in some remote descendant of one of the spectators on Saturday the feelings of awe and reverence which now steal over the visitor to the ecclesiastical monuments of Europe. When on St. Peter's Day, 1869, the founda tion stone was laid by Sir James Fergusson, at that time Governor of the province, it was estimated that the cost of the whole building would not much exceed £20,000. That idea has been dispelled long since. The portion which is now standing was erected for about £12,700, while to complete the structure it is expected that some £22,000 will be required, so that in round numbers the entire structure will represent an expenditure of at least £36,000. Less than 12 months ago Bishop Kennion started the movement for finishing the work his predecessor began, and his efforts met with gratifying success. By last April he had received promises of over £10,000, and since then that sum has been considerably augmented; but there is still large scope for the exercise of that liberality which has already been displayed to an encouraging extent. THE ASSEMBLAGE. The ceremony of laying the corner stone of the additions to St Peter's Cathedral was fixed for Saturday last, and extensive and elaborate preparations were made for celebrating this important event with due solemnity. The religious portion of the service was arranged with great care, and a combined choir from the cathedral and various city and suburban churches was organised to carry out the choral part. At the same time the assistance of dis tinguished ecclesiastical dignitaries in the other colonies was invoked, and three other colonial bishops, those of Tasmania, Bathurst, and Ballarat, promised to lend their aid. The last of the trio, however, was unfortunately pre vented by ill health from carrying out his original intention, which is the more a matter for regret as Bishop Thorn ton was present with Dr. Moorhouse (at that time Bishop of Melbourne) at the con secration of the present building by Bishop Short in 1878. The presence, however, of Bishops Montgomery and Camidge added in no small degree to the interest felt in the gathering. To increase this the help of the Masons was invited, and the addition of the Masonic service to the ritual of the Church of England rendered the proceedings more im pressive. The members of the South Austra lian Grand lodge responded by a large attendance, and in addition a number of dis tinguished Masons from New South Wales and Victoria came over to take part. It was arranged that his Excellency the Governor, the Earl of Kintore (the Grand Master of the South Australian Grand Lodge) should lay the stone. A similar function had been per formed by Sir James Fergusson 21 years ago. The great interest taken in the ceremony was indicated by the applications for admis sion. It was early found that all the available space would be fully occupied, Two stagings were erected for the spectators — one in front of the present building, and the other in the south corner of the grounds by the corner entrance gate, each of which was made to accommodate 500 people, while standing-room was provided to the north. Long before the hour fixed for the ceremony intending spectators might be seen streaming towards the Cathedral grounds, the fences of which were surmounted with tarpaulins with bunting freely displayed from above, besides being used to drape the fence around the stone. The stands were rapidly filled, while a good number of people took advantage of the space set apart for those who were content to stand. It is esti mated that, inclusive of those taking part in the service, there were from 2,500 to 3,000 people present. A space in front of the southern staging was reserved in the bishops' gallery, and shortly before a quarter to 3 o'clock the vice regal party arrived and were accommodated there with other visitors. Lady Kintore was accompanied by the Ladies Hilda and Ethel Keith-Falconer, Mr. Colin Campbell (private secretary), and Mr. Mansel (assistant private secretary). The party also included Lady Clarke, Lady Downer, Mrs. Kennion, Mrs. Montgomery, Mrs, G. C. Hawker, Mrs. Marryat, and the Hon. G. O. Hawker, M.P. The commemoration-stone is a large block of granite, weighing over a ton and a half, from Mr. Chas. Duncan's quarry at Monarto South. It bears on one side the inscription— A.M.D.G. + 27 September, A.D., 1890. The trowel, which was presented to his Ex cellency by the bishop during the service, was an elaborate piece of workmanship, manufac tured by Messrs. F. O. Bowen & Co., of Free man-street. The blade was of solid silver, and the handle consisted of a piece of beautifully polished blackwood. The coats of arms of the Governor and bishop were inlaid in the handle, and that of the Grand Lodge was inserted at the joint of the handle and blade. On the upper side the blade bore the following inscrip tion :— "Presented by the bishop and wardens of St. Peter's Cathedral to his Excellency the Right Hon. Earl of Kintore, P.C , G C.M.G., Governor of South Australia, M.W.G.M.U., on the laying of the corner stone of the nave and towers, 27 September, A.D. 1890; A.L., 5890, A.M.D.G." To the right of the stone was the space allotted to the clergy, and to the left that to the Masonic fraternity, the principal Grand Lodge officers being accommodated on the platform. Directly in front were the com bined choirs, and to their right the synodsmen were placed, while behind the clergy were the children who were to share in the day's pro ceedings. The scene when the service began was of an imposing character, the white vest ments of the clergy and choristers forming a strong contrast to the brighter regalia of the Masons worn upon the regulation back-and- white, with a slight sprinkling of military full dress, and both had as a background the variegated costumes of the spectators. The only unfortunate element was the weather. The day set in wet and boisterous and showers fell at intervals, which to a certain extent spoiled the effect of the ceremony. The frequent appeals to the protection of umbrellas and topcoats appeared rather incongruous in connection with clerical vestments and Masonic regalia. A literal damper was cast on the proceedings and toward the close the rain came down to heavily that the Hallelujah Chorus had to be omitted. Otherwise the service itself passed off as successfully as was possible in the face of such untoward circum stances. THE PROCESSION. Before the hour fixed for the opening of the service those who were to form the processions— the clergy, lay readers, synodsmen, and choristers — commenced to assemble at the Cathedral. The clergy who were members of the chapter robed in the chapter vestry in the Cathedral, and the other clergy after robing in tents put up for them took their places in the Cathedral. The choristers and layreaders assembled in the tents, and afterwards pro ceeded to the Cathedral, where they were joined by the synodsmen. The Masons assembled at the residence of his Honor the Chief Justice (Pro Grand Master) at Monte fiore, and where the Grand Lodge was opened at 2 o'clock. The following telegram was received by Lord Kintore from Lord Carrington (Grand Master of the N.S.W. Lodge) :— "Fraternal greetings on your ceremony today; hope it will be a great success ; deeply regret that pressure of public business has made it impossible for me to be with you. Fraternal greetings to the brethren." On the reassembling of the lodge at the close of the ceremonial a reply was sent by the Earl of Kintore to Lord Carrington on behalf of the Grand Lodge of South Australia as follows :—"Accept thanks for fraternal greetings and good wishes. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather the function was very successful, and characterised by great enthusiasm." The procession to the Cathedral was then formed in the following order : — Band. Grand and Assistant Grand Pursuivants. Visiting Brethren in order of rank. Juniors first. Brethren of Private Lodges. Officers of Lodges. Past Masters. Worshipful Master. Grand Superintendent of Works, with Plans. A Cornucopia with Corn, carried by the W.M., No. 1 Lodge. Grand Steward | Grand Ewer with Wine, carried by W.M., No 2 Lodge | Grand Steward Ewer with Oil, carried by W.M., No. 3 Lodge. Past Grand Pursuivants. Past Assistant Grand Secretaries. Assistant Grand Secretary. Past Grand Organists. Grand Organist. Trowel, carried by P.M. Lodge No. 4. Mallet, carried P M. Lodge No. 6. Grand Standard Bearers. Past Grand Deacons. Past Grands D.C., D.D.C., and A.D.C. Assistant Grand Director of Ceremonies. Deputy Grand Director of Ceremonies. Grand Director of Ceremonies. Grand Steward. Grand Steward. Grand Inspector of Lodges. Past Grand Lecturers. Grand Lecturers. Grand Secretary, with Book of Constitutions. Past Grand Registrars. Grand Registrar. Past Grand Treasurers Grand Treasurer with Coins. &c.;, to be deposited in cavity of Stone. Column of J.W., carried by W.M. of No. 7. Junior Grand Warden, with Plumb Rule. Column of S.W., carried by W.M. No. 8. Senior Grand Warden, with Level. Junior Deacons. Grand Steward. Grand Chaplain, with Bible. Grand Steward. Grand Steward. Deputy Grand Master, with Square. Grand Steward. Pro Grand Master. Sword Bearer. Grand Steward. Grand Master. Grand Steward. Senior Deacon. Two Grand Stewards. Grand Tyler. On arrival at the Cathedral the officers of the Grand Lodge entered the build ing and prepared to join in the pro cession to the stone, while the remainder of the Masons, numbering about 300, were marshalled to the space allotted them. The children, who it was arranged, would present purses to his Excellency to be laid on the stone, assembled at Lady Downer's residence on Pennington terrace at about 2 o'clock, and were also marched to the Cathedral, being marshalled by Mr. G. Gill, assisted by a number of ladies, and by about 20 minutes to 3 were in their places to the right of the dais. There were about 200 children in all some having been kept away by the weather. They were all decorated with appropriate ribbons, the boys being provided by Messrs. J. Marshall and Co., and the girls by Messrs. J. Miller Anderson & Co. When those participating in the procession had assembled in the Cathedral a short service was held. The procession was then formed, leaving the Cathedral in the following order :— The general committee and Synodsmen (marshals, Messrs. W. Pope, Halcomb, and Lyons). The choir (marshal, Mr. Boult). The lay readers (marshal, Mr. Penne father). The clergy (marshal, the Rev. B. C. Stephenson). The Dean of Adelaide, preceded by the Verger. The Bishops of Tasmania and Bathurst. The Bishop's Chaplain. The Bishop of Adelaide. The Chancellor of the Diocese. The Registrar of the Diocese. The Architect (Mr. E. J. Woods). The Officers of the Grand Lodge. The synodsmen, choirs, lay readers, and clergy took their places on the ground, as already indicated. There were about 40 clergy, who were headed by Canon Green. The music was sung by a combined choir from the Cathedral and the city and suburban churches, under the baton of Mr. Arthur Boult, while the accompani ments were supplied by an orchestra composed of members of the Philharmonic Society and the City Volunteer Band, who played an appropriate march while the members of the procession were being conducted to their places. Immediately in front of the stone stood the Most Worshipful Grand Master (Bro. his Excellency the Right Hon. the Earl of Kintore), having on his right the Most Worshipful Pro Grand Master (Bro. the Right Hon. Samuel J. Way, Chief Justice of South Australia) and the Right Worshipful Deputy Grand Master (Bro. the Hon. H. E. Downer, M.P.); and on his immediate left the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (the Right Rev. Dr. Kennion), his private chaplain (Rev. B. C. Stephenson), and the Dean of Adelaide (Very Rev. C. Marryat). Beside these stood the Lord Bishop of Tasmania (Right Rev. Dr. Montgomery), and the Lord Bishop of Bathurst (Right Rev. Dr. Camidge, Grand Chaplain of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales). There was also present the fol lowing officers of the South Australian Grand Lodge— The Senior Grand Warden (R.W. Bro. J. G. Jenkins, M.P.), Junior Grand Warden (R.W. Bro. G. O. Knight), Grand Chaplain (V.W. Bro. Rev. Canon Poole, M. A.), Grand Pres. B.G.P. (V.W. Bro. H. M. Addison), Grand Treasurer (V.W. Bro. F. W. Bullock), Grand Registrar (V.W. Bro. W. B. Webb), Grand Secretary (V.W. Bro. J. H. Cunningham), Grand Inspector of Lodges (V W. Bro. Frank Olifent), Grand Lecturer (V.W. Bro. J. Nicholson, S.M.), Senior Grand Deacons (Worshipful Bro. E. Cook and Worshipful Bro. A. Kemp), Junior Grand Deacons (Worshipful Bro. T. DeCean and Worshipful Bro. A. Mellor). Grand Super intendent of Works (Worshipful Bro. Andrew Simpson), Grand Director of Ceremonies (Worshipful Bro. J. Le M F. Roberts), Deputy Grand D.O. (Worshipful Bro. M. V. Adams), Assistant G.D.D.O. (Worshipful Bro. F. O. Bowen), Grand Sword bearer (Worshipful Bro. D. H. H. Weir), Grand Standard Bearers (Worshipful Bro. W. Burnet and Worshipful Bro. J. M. Symons), Grand Organist (Worshipful Bro. J. H. Fray), Assistant Grand Secretary (Worshipful Bro. J. A. Plummer), Grand Pursuivant (Worship ful Bro. G. J. Outlaw), Assistant Grand Pur suivant (Worshipful Bro. T. J. O. Hantke), and Grand Tyler (Worshipful Bro. N. Kildael). The Chancellor of the Diocese (Dr. Barlow) occupied a place on the platform, as also did the Masons from Victoria and New South Wales. The Victorian visitors were Sir Wm. J. Clarke, Bart. (Grand Master), Sir Matthew H. Davies (Senior Grand Warden, and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly), Mr. Johnson (Pro Deputy Grand Master), Mr. H. A. Nevett (Junior Grand Warden). Mr. H. Gebb (Past Junior Grand Warden), Mr. T. H. Lempriere (Grand Secretary), Mr. C. J. Davies (Senior Grand Deacon), the Hon. J. S. Butters (Past President of tbe Board), Mr. Matthews (Grand Steward), and Mr. Clarke (Grand Tyler). The visitors from Sydney consisted of the Hon. Dr. Farrant (Pro Grand Master). Mr. A. H. Bray (Grand Secretary), and Mr. Evans (Grand Past Deacon). THE SERVICE. was begun by the Bishop of Adelaide standing in the centre of the other bishops, with the Most Worthy the Grand Master and his Grand Officers standing on his right. The combined choirs, under the leadership Mr. A. Boult, sang Psalm lxxxiv :— O how amiable are Thy dwellings: Thou Lord of hosts ! My soul hath a desire and longing to enter into the courts of the Lord : my heart and my flesh rejoice in the living God. Yea, the sparrow hath found her an house and the swallow a nest where she may lay her young: even Thy altars, O Lord of hosts, my King and my God. Blessed are they that dwell in thy house; they will be always praising Thee. Blessed is the man whose strength is in Thee ; in whose heart are Thy ways. Who going through the vale of misery use it for a well : and the pools are filled with water. They will go from strength to strength ; and unto the God of gods appeareth every one of them in Sion, O Lord God of hosts hear my prayer; hearken O God of Jacob. Beheld, O God our defender ; and look upon the face of Thine Anointed. For one day in Thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of ungodli ness. For the Lord God is a light and defence ; the Lord will give grace and worship and no good thing shall He withhold from them that live a godly life. O Lord God of hosts : blessed is the man that putteth his trust in Thee. Glory be to the Father and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost ; As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen. Prayer was offered by the Bishop of Tasmania in the following terms :— O Almighty Lord God, who though the heavens and earth cannot contain Thee, yet vouchsafest to have with men a house where they continually call upon Thy name, behold, we beseech Thee, this place with the eyes of Thy grace ; purify it from all defilement and keep it pure ; and as Thou didst fulfil the devotion of Thy chosen servant David, through the work of Solomon his son, so in this work vouchsafe to grant us our heart's desires, and let all spiritual wicked ness hence depart, through Jesus Christ our Lord. The Bishop of Bathurst then uttered this prayer: — O Lord Jesus Christ, son of the living God, very God Almighty, the brightness and express visage of the everlasting Father, and the life everlasting. Who art the corner stone cut out from the mountain without hands, and the immutable foundation; stablish the stone to be laid in Thy name; and Thou, Who art the beginning and the end, by Whom, as the beginning, God the Father from of old created all things, be we beseech Thee, the beginning, the increase, and the consum mation of this our work, now to be begun to the praise and glory of Thy name. Who with the Father and the Holy Spirit livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen. Bless O Lord, the work of Thine own hands ; and grant that all they who with pure content have given their aid to the building of this church of Thine, wheresoever they shall call upon Thy holy name, may be preserved both in body and soul through Christ our Lord. Amen. The stone having been prepared in its place, this hymn was sung — O Lord of Hosts, whose glory fills The bounds of the eternal hills. And yet vouchsafes, in Christian lands, To dwell in temples made with hands; Grant that all we, who here to-day Rejoicing this foundation lay, May be in very deed Thine own, Built on the precious Corner Stone. Endue the creatures with Thy Grace, That shall adorn Thy dwelling place ; The beauty of the oak and pine, The gold and silver, make them Thine. To Thee they all belong ; to Thee The treasures of the earth and sea ; And when we bring them to thy throne We but present Thee with Thine own. The heads that guide endue with skill ; The hands that work preserve from ill ; That we, who these foundations lay, May raise the topstone in its day. Both now and ever, Lord, protect The temple of Thine own elect ; Be Thou in them, and they in Thee, O ever-blessed Trinity ! Amen. The Bishop of Adelaide then presented a handsome silver trowel to the Grand Master his Excellency the Governor), saying— I have now to request your Excellency to lay this stone. The Grand Master (Lord Kintore), in a loud clear voice, spoke as follows:— Be it known unto you that we, being lawful Masons, true and faithful to the laws of our country, although not ourselves Operative Masons, have from time immemorial been associated with the erection of buildings raised for the benefit of mankind and the glory of the Great Architect of the Universe. We have among us secrets concealed from those who are not Masons, but they are lawful and honorable, and are not opposed to the laws either of God or of man. They were entrusted to Masons in ancient times, and have been faithfully transmitted to us, and it is our duty to convey them down to our posterity. We are as sembled here in the presence of you all to erect a house for the worship and praise of the Most High, which I pray that God may prosper as it seems good to him; and as the first duty of Masons in every undertaking is to invoke His blessing I call upon you to join our Grand Chaplain in an address to the Throne of Grace. The Grand Chaplain (Rev. Canon Poole) offered the following prayer: — Almighty Archi tect of the Universe, Searcher and Ruler of all worlds, deign from Thy celestial abode, from realms of light and glory, to bless us in all the purposes of our present assembly. We humbly invoke Thee to give us wisdom in all our doings ; Strength of mind under all our diffi culties ; and the beauty of peace and charity in all our convocations. Permit us, O Thou Author of light and life, great Source of love and happiness, to lay this corner-stone and now solemnly to consecrate it to the honor and glory of Thy most holy name. So mote it be. The M.W. the Grand Master then said— I now declare it to be my will and pleasure that the comer stone of this Cathedral be laid. The Grand Treasurer will deposit the vial con taining coins of the realm in the cavity pre pared for it. The Grand Treasurer (V.W. Bro. F. W. Bullock) then placed in the cavity under the stone a vial containing copies of The Adver tiser, the Register, the Church Review, and the Freemason, a parchment containing a brief history of the movement for the building of the additions to the Cathedral, a copy of the order of service, and the current coins of the realm. This having been done, the Grand Superin tendent of Works adjusted the stone as it was lowered into its place. The Grand Master said— Right Worshipful Deputy Grand Master, what is the jewel of your office? The Deputy Grand Master (Bro. H. E. Downer. M.P.) replied — The square. The Grand Master— What are its moral and Masonic uses? The Deputy Grand Master— To square our actions by the square of virtue and prove our work. The Grand Master— Apply the implement of your office to that portion of the corner stone that needs to be proved, and make report. The Deputy Grand Master applied the square to the stone and reported as follows :— Most Worshipful Grand Master, I find the stone to be square; the craftsmen have faith fully performed their duty. The Grand Master— Right Worshipful Senior Grand Warden, what is the jewel of your office? The Senior Grand Warden (R.W. Bro, J. G. Jenkins, M.P )— The level. The Grand Master— What is its Masonic use? The Senior Grand Warden— Morally, it reminds us of equality, and its use is to lay levels and prove horizontals. The Grand Master— Apply the implement of your office to the corner stone and make report. The Senior Grand Warden applied the level to the stone and reported — Most Worship ful Grand Master, I find the stone to be level ; the craftsmen have faithfully performed their duty. The Grand Master then said— Right Wor shipful Junior Grand Warden, what is the jewel of your office? The Junior Grand Warden (R.W. Bro. G. C. Knight)— The plumb-rule. The Grand Master— What is its Masonic use? The Junior Grand Warden— Morally, it teaches rectitude of conduct, and we use it to lay and adjust uprights while fixing them upon their proper basis. The Grand Master— Apply the implement of your office to the several edges of the corner stone, and make report. The Junior Grand Warden applies the plumb-rule as directed and reported— Most Worshipful Grand Master, I find the stone is plumb, the craftsmen have faithfully performed their duty. The M.W. the Pro Grand Master then, on behalf of Grand Lodge, presented the M.W. the Grand Master with a mallet. The Grand Master (striking the stone three times) said — I now declare this stone to be well and truly laid. The public grand honor having been given three times, the Grand Master said— Let the elements of consecration now be presented. The Deputy Grand Master came forward with the cornucopia and scattered corn upon the stone, saying— I scatter corn upon this stone as an emblem of abundance and plenty. May the good seed of His word sink into the hearts of men, take root and bring forth fruit a hundred fold, to their benefit and His glory. The Senior Grand Warden came forward with a vessel of wine and poured it upon the stone, saying: — I pour out wine upon this stone, the symbol of strength and gladness. May those who work upon this building and those who shall hereafter meet within its walls ever perform their allotted parts in the service of the Great Architect with cheerfulness and singleness of heart. The Junior Grand Warden came forward with a vessel of oil and sprinkled it upon the stone, saying:— I sprinkle this stone with oil, the emblem of peace and harmony. May goodwill and brotherly love prevail among those who shall worship in this house, to the glory of the Most High, until time shall be no more. The M.W. the Grand Master then ad dressed the assembly as follows :— Brethren— We are an ancient fraternity, which from its earliest days has been identified with all that is beautiful and grand in architecture, and you will, therefore, be proud to have aided me, as I have been proud to work with you, in laying the corner stone of the nave and towers of this building, which, by the beauty of its design and the solidity of its construction, will, we trust, be an ornament to this city and province for centuries to come. But, brethren, it is something far more than this. It is a temple erected to the glory and worship of our Heavenly Father, the Great Architect and Creator of all things. And whatever minor differences there may be amongst us. I feel sure that the same spirit must be in your minds this day which animated the Jews of old when, as Ezra tells us, "The builders laid the foundation of the Temple of the Lord, and they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets to praise the Lord, after the ordinance of David, King of Israel. And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the Lord, because He is good and His mercy endureth for ever. And all the people shouted with a great shout when they praised the Lord, because the foundation of the House of the Lord was laid." The architect (Mr. E. J. Woods) was then presented to the Grand Master, who, after examining the plans, said— I place in your hands the plans of the intended building, not doubting your ability and skill as a craftsman ; and I desire that you will proceed without loss of time with the completion of the work in conformity with the plans and designs now entrusted to you. The Grand Chaplain then prayed— May the blessing of heaven rest upon us, and on the work in which we have engaged ; be pleased, we beseech Thee, Almighty Architect and Ruler of the Universe, to prosper this the work of our hands upon us and grant that this house may grow into a fit and comely temple to the honor and glory of Thy Holy Name, Who ever livest and reignest one God, world without end. So mote it be. The Bishop of Adelaide pronounced the dedication prayer:— In the faith of Jeans Christ we place this foundation stone, in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. Amen. Here let the true faith and fear of God with brotherly love ever abide, and be this place dedicated with prayers and with the invocation and praise of the most holy name of the same, our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Spirit liveth and reigneth one God, world without end. Amen. The Dean of Adelaide offered prayer for the Masons and workers:— O God, who art the shield and defence of Thy people, be ever at hand, we beseech Thee, to protect and succor the builders of this house ; keep them in their building from all sin and profaneness, and shelter them from all accident and peril, that the work which through Thy mercy hath been now begun, may be brought in Thee to a happy end, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. The Bishop of Tasmania prayed for the gift of the Holy Ghost:— Let thy Holy Spirit, we beseech Thee, O Lord, descend upon the house that we shall build, to hallow our gifts and the gifts of all Thy people, and to cleanse our hearts by His grace through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. The prayer for all worshippers was offered by the Bishop of Bathurst:— O God, Who in all places of Thy dominion art ready to receive and bless, hear us, we pray Thee, and grant that the building of this House may remain in- violate to Thee for ever, and that all Thy faithful people who make their supplications before Thee may ever obtain the benefits of Thy goodness, through our Lord Jesus Christ, Who liveth and reigneth with Thee in the unity of the Holy Ghost, One God, world with- out end. Amen. The children then mounted the platform in couples, and as they passed in front of the Grand Master presented to him the little blue purses which each child held in its hand, and which were laid upon the stone. The first purse was presented by Master Augustus Short, the grandson of the late bishop of the diocese. This pretty and pleasing ceremony practically concluded the proceedings. The amount presented by the children was about £300, and the total sum laid on the stone, in cluding this amount and the sum collected, was £526 18s, 9d., of which £100 was con- tribute d by Sir William Clarke. The combined choirs sang the hymn 'To Thee out God we fly for mercy and for grace," after which the Bishop, holding in his hand the pastoral staff, pronounced the benediction. The rain was falling heavily during the latter part of the ceremony, but just at the close it ceased, and the sun came out brightly and cheered the scene of depar ture. THE MUSICAL ARRANGEMENTS. The music was necessarily a prominent feature of the impressive function, and the admirable manner in which tbe arrangements in this department were carried out reflected the greatest credit upon those who had them in hand. Mr. Arthur Boult, the director of the Cathedral choir, was in command, and con ducted the chorus of 250 voices, made up of the combined surpliced choirs of the Anglican Churches in the city and suburbs. In the Cathedral, previous to the procession being formed, the "Veni Creator" and two other short Psalms were antiphonally recited by the Bishop of Adelaide and the chorus. It was deemed inadvisable to give any music at this early stage of the proceedings, as it was feared the public might, on hearing the singing, rush the Cathedral, and so interfere with the processional arrangements. As it was these arrangements were carried out without a hitch, the marshalling and disposition being under the supervision of the bishop's domestic chaplain (the Rev. B. C. Stephenson) and Mr. Mark Attenborough. The ground to be occupied by the choir was marked out, and thus the singers were enabled to fall into their appointed places without any confusion. As soon as the choristers were in position about the stone a few responses, specially set for the occasion by Mr. Boult, were sung. The next musical item was the 84th Psalm, "Oh, how amiable." which was sung unaccompanied, and was followed by No. 391 of the Hymns Ancient and Modern. During the offertory, which succeeded the Masonic part of the cere mony, the combined choirs sang No. 142 of the Hymns Ancient and Modern, ''To thee our God we fly," The heavy shower of rain which then descended cut the programme short, preventing the rendering of the "Hallelujah" chorus, with which it had had been intended to conclude the outdoor proceedings. With so large a body of voices, and the brass band of the city volunteers under the baton of Mr. Rodder, Handel's trium phantly splendid jubilation should have been grandly effective in the open air. As the choristers filed back into the Cathedral the Philharmonic Society's orchestra, consisting of some 24 performers, conducted by Mr. O. J. Sharps, joined with the organ, played by Mr. J. M. Dunn, in rendering the well-known "March of the priests" from Mendelssohn's "Athalie." The prime feature of the musical portion of the proceedings was, however, the singing of the Te Deum in the building, the setting being Villiers Stanford's in B flat, which Mr. Sharpe had most excel lently scored for his orchestra. The combined choirs had evidently been well rehearsed in this work, for it was given with appropriate vigor and great certainty of attack. The fact that the members of the Philharmonic orchestra gave their services gratuitously for the occasion deserves mention. SERVICES ON SUNDAY. The Bishop of Bathurst (the Right Rev. Dr. Camidge), preached at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday morning. There was a large congre gation, and the altar was beautifully adorned with flowers, lillies forming a conspicuous feature of the decorations. The bishop took as his text the words "Like a man that without a foundation built a house upon the earth," St. Luke, chap, vi , verse 49. The bishop said on the previous day a grand and imposing cere monial took place close by, despite the adverse weather. They met to lay the corner-stone of the cathedral. There work had been going on for some time previous to the placing of the corner-stone, without which it could not have been laid. Hence it was they would understand it had special interest for them and a special application. The words of the text were taken from a short parable called the Sermon on the Mount. Yet in spite of the warnings of the Master men went on building their houses without good foundations, but by the Lord and Master Himself, they were turned to the house which had most carefully laid foundations. He exhorted them to turn to the building firmly fixed and they would not fear when the last storm king came. They had the means of supporting the society, which had for one of its objects the erection of that splendid building. That society sent out its men to proclaim the doctrines of Christ and Him crucified, to teach men that this world was not man's resting-place. The building they were erecting was not for themselves, but for the worship of God to prepare men to enjoy the blessings of immortality in heaven. The sermon was attentively listened to throughout. A special Masonic service was held at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday afternoon, when the Grand Chaplain of the New South Wales Grand Lodge (the Right Rev. Bishop Camidge) preached. The Grand Lodge marched from St Barnabas's College to the Cathedral, passing between two lines of members of the order ranged on the south side, and entered the sacred edifice by the chancel door. Then the other Masons, all wearing regalia, followed. There was a fairly large gathering of Masons, among those present being the M.W.G.M., his Excellency Lord Kintore; the M.W. Pro-G.M., the Hon. S. J. Way ; the M.W.G.M. of the Grand Lodge of Victoria, Sir W. J. Clarke ; members of the Grand Lodge of South Australia; and a number of distinguished Masons from the other colonies. The bishop selected as his text, "A workman that needeth not to be ashamed of his work ;" Timothy, second epistle, second chapter, and part of verse 15. The bishop's remarks were chiefly addressed to the members of the Masonic order. He wished to make an application of the text to the Masonic structures in the erec tion of which they were all engaged. He thought they, like the workman of whom Paul spoke, need not be ashamed of their work. Though perhaps it could not be said that the origin of Freemasonry was lost in the mists of antiquity, still there was no doubt it was very ancient. Free- masonry appealed to them as an institu tion in which the highest religious principles were taught. In every lodge lay open the volume of the sacred law, and as Freemasons they were taught to regulate their loves and actions by the Divine precepts it contained. The three great principles of Freemasonry indicated the benificent objects of the institu- tion— brotherly love, relief, and truth. In Freemason lodges the name of Jesus Christ was never heard in connection with the ritual, and for that reason there were some who felt disinclined to become members of the order. But he as a Christian Bishop was satisfied that he could find a place in the Masonic struc- ture, and although Christ was not directly mentioned, yet those who believed in Him could see in Freemasonry allusions to their Christian belief. Jacob's ladder, which ex tended from the earth even to the heavens seemed to them significant of the Great Inter cessor, and in the bright morning star they could see again their great Exemplar. He exhorted them as Mason to prac tice the principles of their order. He felt that anyone who followed the precepts which were taught in the lodge could not fail to become a better and a nobler man. In concluding his address the Bishop appealed to them to practically demonstrate their prin ciples by giving as liberally as their means would permit. The collection was in aid of the Bishop's Home Mission Society. The choir sang Ousley's anthem "It came to pass." In the evening the Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Montgomery) preached to a very large congrega tion, taking as his text Hebrews xiii. 8— "Jesus Christ, the same yesterday and to-day, yea and for ever." A humanly invented deity was always but a greater man with all his variableness. The true God was unchange- able. But although this was so the truth did not seem to be recognised by some Chris tians, and to such or to any who might be doubters. He would once again deliver the message of comfort. It was this immutability of Christ which they should seek to imitate by leading a life of consistency from childhood to the grave. And not only must they act thus themselves, but it was also their duty to direct the steps of others into the same path. The congregation was closely attentive. During the service the choir sang the anthems "Angels ever bright and fair" and "How lovely are the messengers" with much sweet- ness and power. 