STOKIES PKOM THE BUSH. No. 1.— THE DFA.D RIDER. ' Br Watile-BLOS-OH We.wero staying' nt; one ot tho most pic turesque wntering-plaoes in this colony, and whilo on ah oxcursion to onq of the nnmororta lions of tho locality,' " fofogathered". with two surveyors who had first seen the place m its urimitivo state, and who had, infant. -holped. to survey its not yot: vory. woll" developed roads. ; Iii tho evening wo strolled out on tho pier nt that fittest of all times " Twixt tho gloam ing and tho murk," whilo the sea shono pule and mysterious beneath us. '1 It hiul - boon a roasting hot day ; but now;'. with tho.brcczo off tho soa nnd tho damp briny feci (which , for want of a better name, I call sea-dew), wo felt chilly, onongh." Suddenly Surveyor Np. 1 said, " This soaweed smell is sugges tive of ghosts." Why ?" naked someone. "Well, he said, "it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of -.water — salt. water- by preference— and dead bodies." " But there nro no dead -bodies . about, : are there ?" hastily inquired a lady. "Not that I know, of," said tho survoyor, cheerfully, " hut let's tako a seat nnd I will spin you a yarn which illustrates tlio theory." (,.- Wo sat down, and ho told us a Btory,-tho details of which I'vo quito fonrotten, oxoept that it had something to do with a church yard by the sell; and was sufficiently impree- Sivo.at the lime, .besides prpviug,. hm' theory. : to his'bwn sotismetionY A -Bnt onoo ' start .' so fascinating 'u subject witli surroundings so in abcord, end it will not languish, bufrncquiro momentum as fur ns it goes on, hko the stone rolled from tho hill. " I know a true story," stud ono of tho ladies, " whioh lnid somo connection with relations of my own."' " That is a sufflcicut gparanteo, " said ono of hor companions in a peculiar tone, jwhilo another remarked, " Ex- euso my smiling." But tho lady, being en couraged to proceed, began — " Many years ago my uncle aud nuut spent a winter in the south of Franco. Tlio railways wero not so numerous or woll managed as thoy aro now, and the most popular way of getting to and from England wns by soa. Well, I. daresay yon havo all heard of tho wreck of tho. Garonne. Sho wnB crowded with passen gers going homo for the summer. Myunolehad takon a cabin, but being a very kind-liearted. man gave it up at. tho laBt moment to nu old jentloman whoso life was despaired of, aud whoso only wish was to reach homo te die. This smnll aot of kindness saved the lives of my rclatidiiH. ' Among the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had beon sent ohroud for her health. Her mother in England, knowing sho was with friends, and also bclioving that my unclo and nunt wero on board, felt no anxioty about lior, but was looking forward eagerly to her return. Un tho mgnt ot tlio wrocK sno was awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, sho saw hor daughter, elothod la white, standing boforo her. " Mother," sho said, "the ship is a wreck, evoi y thing is lost, and I have saved only this." touching hor robo. "What is it?" usked her. mother feobly. "It is tho robo of Christ's righteousness, " said tho girl; and gently tho vision faded away, leaving the mother nlono with her griof. . Next day, whon thoir old olorgyman and family friend oamo in great distress te 'break tho news, tho widow said, " I know . it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I havo tho unspeakable comfort of knowing tliatmjr daughter is 'not dead but gone before.' ' There was a pauso. It had grown darker, und soma of us wore shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I havo to number them, for though thoy wero pleaBant companions, I have completely forgotten their names) knocked tho ashes out of his nnromantio pipe, and Hind, quietly, " I will tell you what I onco saw in Queensland." ' ' ' We wore camped far, very far, out in Ilia . blish, scores of mifos from the noarest out- stations.- One night, as .we sat 'rather . lata - hyrtlte: r olattcr of a horse's hoofs in the distanco, us it wore galloping madly. It camo nearer,- nnd a sudden sort of -fear got hold of us. Wo jumped up; and tried to scatter tho embers of our fire, but wo wore too lute, and iu another moment a horse' galloped into tho cirelo, and . stopped short. Thoro was a rider on his back ; but why was ho bending so low, as if in ironical salntation ? And. why was his. faco of so strango a hue? Doiid ! Yes, stono deiid. It was u corpse that sat that horse, und its mystery was nover solved ; for, though aftor docontly burying liim, wo made many inquiries, .neither at a statien, town ship, nor bush shanty did wo ever hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of thoso two' who took that ghastly rido together." . . After a wliilo " That is not a ghost story, said Survoyor No. 1. " It's a ?<'»« story," re torted tlio other. But wo were ail sliuddoring. Tho "murk" hnd taken the place of the " gloaming," and with ono accord wo turnod our backs on tho sea, aud went into ths musio and lights. ' 