'ENG UIN IgCWHOES. (~r Elieo.) Tasmanians posaess many phases of language invented by the rising youth of this sunny land, and at times those expres sions are not particulary choice, as may be overheard at any spot where youths are congregated. As I walk down the Pine Road numerous epithets at times fall from the bullock.drivers' lips, as they bring their long-lashed whips woith the crack of a rifle upon the tough bullock-hide. liHe was a short thick specimen of the Tasmanian driver-one of the usual strong, wiry fellows who trudge alongside their teams of fourteen or so-and the Pine Road is very steep. It is bad enough for pedes trians, but when it comes to steeringa team of tortoise-lilte quadrupeds down its steep gradients, followed by a lumbering vehicle with its break hard down, and crowned with a massive blackwood log, it is enough to make even a Quaker indulge in strong language, even on a Sunday. Volley after volley of language rent the air one mor ning, as his lips moved savagely beneath his black moustache. At last came the coup do gracr. Again his long whip swung round, as he roared "get up, yer beasts, or by the sacred ghost o' Mahomet-I'll, I'll-!" I expected him every moment to fall on his knees and oiler up a prayer in the true Mahomedan style, but no "Alla Alla," escaped his lips. The bullocks moved slowly forward, and lie followed clinging to the break behind. A very choice ex pression! That driver must no above the average of his class; even an editor could hardly indulge in a more artistic remask. The drivers must be greatly relieved when they view their charge, deposited among its numerous fellows strewing the higher beach. I would like to trace the destiny of one of these Tasmanian logs from its fall in the forest to its ultimate position in perhaps a Toorak mansion, or furtser still beyond the seas. "Old Jimmy." at Anthon's hotel, and "Tommy Miller," are to get up a petition to the Government rs our street paths. Jimmy favours the ashphalt; while Tommy considers it would be too common, for he imagines he could invent a substance from the trunks of our tree ferns, whicls if pressed in a peculiar manner would form paths very soft to tread on, sdmething in the style of cocoanut matting. Jimmy says there would not be so much sweeping in front of the hotel there, while Tommy winks his eye and puffs his smoke with satisfaction, when he considers that if the Government favours his scheme all the ladies will vow him such a dear, and he might get married. It was Queen's Birthday. The morn broke dull, and the sky showed in grey, flnsked by dunish- coloured cluds-a sad omen for a day's pleasure- Penguin itself seemed to rhyme in accordance with'the elements, for it basked in quietude-very quiet. The closed shops gave evidence that either a large funeral was taking place, or that Penguin and his wife had bidden a truce to work, and were out somewhere on a jaunting. "Only on a 'oliday does we take a 'holiday," says an old man, with his wife, trudging along the seashore, carrying a basket of provisions between them, "an' oh ! fresh air o' th' sea does we good, doesn't it, Poll ?" Another Queen's Birthday. Long may she reign. "1 was nigh her when she was crowned, str "-and then he launches out into at description of all the pomp of the ceremony-told in his own quaint style. A I loyal old man was he. The afternoon broke fine, bringing out parties who lounged about the beach picnicking, scrambling about the rocks, reclining under the shade of the gum bushes near the shore, while others visited their friends and relations in the out districts. Nine out of ten families seem to have relations near at hand, and holiday time is looked upon as their reunion for awhile. As usual there was a dearth of sports, and the inhabitants found their amusements in the best manner pLrsonality could contrive. Some folks can enjoy more l a quiet stroll around the country, inhaling the bracing air, roaming the forest grass among the low ferns and fallen deadwood, or reclining under the shade of some wide spreading tree down by the creek, with a book as companion, than in the midst of a surging crowd indigenous to sports. Such in my opinion court hlipiness in its highest stage, though tastes differ. They had been out all day, and came home in the sunset. They had enjoyed themselves immensely, having visited their grandfather up in the old farm, played in his flower garden among the fruit trees, and partaken of cream, thick in the real old Cornish style, until they could digest no more. When they arrived in Penguin the air lay heavy with powder smoke; a mixture of old and young, men and maidens, were parading the street, and amid the perpetual crack of crackers the Penguin Band was playing. Those young ladies possessed a great amount of ideality. They revelled in the garden of Adonis; they worshipped beauty, and those fireworks were, oh, so beautiful. Numerous were the adjectives that escaped their lips as catherine wheels and roman candles sllowed their brilliancy around: great were their exclamations of delight. Powder to most young ladies possesses a noxious odour, but on this Queen's Birthday evening, those young ladies I believe felt that they cou:d exist upon powder smoke for the future instead of Rimmel's numerous perfumes ; then rockets went whizzingon high. They could suppress their pent up feelings of admira tion no longer. "Oh Sissy," one cried, "how charming, how lovely. I do wish those lovely blue stars would fall onh me." But they didn't ; the cruel stars gradually dwindle into specks, their ashes no doubt floating away on the sew-air out to the sea gulls snug in the recesses of the rocks those same sea.gulls that I had been watch ing the greater part of the afternoon as I reclined under the ti-trees by the old mine on the Leven road, They hadbeen watch ing and dipping into the ocean, sending up the spray like the ricochetting of round shot no doubt making food of the small fishes that have lately visited these waters thousands upon thousands were landed this Qucen's Birthday in the fishponds, made in tihe most primitive manner out of rocks, and Penguin if smoky in the even ing was decidedly fishy in the morning. Evidences of the slaughter were given by the silver scales, glittering among the street dust. Concerts I delight in, music I revel in. A country concert, as a rule, is grating to thcnerves of persons understanding even the rudimentsofmusie. The doleful ting, ting, of the piano, as it screeches out an accompaniment to some amateur who, resplendent in everything save vocal powers, stands before the fluttering candli footlights, belo ving hika or herself a Santley or a Patti, bellowing out with the h power of a ten-horse steam engine or other wise in a scarcely audible voice some operatic air from "Dorothy " or " Hans the Boatman." Most are conducted some thing after this fashion, and I fight shy of them. But there has been. a concert at Penguin which, if not equal to our city friends, from a musical point of view was certainly above the average of country districts. It was conducted in a novel form, four choirs connected with the Primitive Methodist Church taking part, the whole talent of that denomination being present, and on the whole, they acquitted themselves creditably. A great deal of unavoidable confusion was, however,. caused by the tramp, tramp up and down the platform, and our farm lads are not noted for their lightness and elasticity of stop. lBeing in aid of church matteso, the music was Eaered. Without courting individuality I might say that the Penguin choir carried the palm, while its organist possesses a re markably soft and clear alto. Then coffee was announced, and the ball immnediately resounded with the pleasant hums of chit chat. Stalwart lads and blooming umidena flitted hither and thither, bearing trays ot steaming coffee and really digestive cake. Ilolcroft, in E. P. Roe's "Re fell in Love with his Wife," was a man whose special weakness was really good coffee: the woman who could prepare such a decotion stood higiher in his estimation than others possessing greater accomplishments. I Ihad been perusing I hat book during the daytime; and thought that if Riolcroft were at Penguin his tastes might be gratified. However, E. P. Roe's hero managed to fall in love with Alida. There were a great many Alidas present that concert evening, rosy cheeked TlaE manian lasseswho,if not possessing beauty, were decidedly good looking and sociable into the bargain. A violet possesses more fragrance than a showy camelia. The Victorian girl in my estimation has more dash and abandon than the average l'as manian : the majority of the latter, like their island home, are modest and retiring; but there must be exceptions somewhere, for a Victorian gentleman here on a visit remarked thlat the Tasmanian belles were the most incorrigible flirts he had ever seen. Seamen are rough specimens of humanity as a rule, viewed from the outside, yet I believe there is more wasted talent upon sea than land. In the forecastle I have met men who possess tihe very soul of the artist and poet, but whose associations,and above all that curse of mankind-Drink, render them fit objects for commiseration when on shore. Clark Russell, the novelist, was a sailor, Captain Press, now in the IMelbourne pilot service, is one of the best amateur landscape painters of Victoria, and there are other cases, too numserous to mention,of seamen gaining the highest rung of science, art, and literature. Aiopos of this, I may say I was surprised when a "JIck" stepped up to me the other day with samples of architectural designing and wood carving. To praise eanyparticular person is not in my category, but I believe in the fact that hsonour is due to whom 'tis due, also that there is as meuch talent displayed in designing and carving as in the opening of the for,:mentioned callings ; therefore I mention it. Mlr Mar. court has left the sea now and resides in the township, and I believe in time his talents wlll be turned to greater account than in the forecastle, for le possesses talent that merely requires to be more highly developed, June 2. 