MELBOURNE NOTES. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) As a specimen of the good breeding of some of loor Melbourne "ladies," the following is a goad oxlample; it is given on the authority of a writer in 1 Punch :—•" When coming out of the Town Hall on I the night of one of the Hall6 concerts last week, I law a sturdy-looking lady rudely pushing everyone I out of her way, and among those who politely let • pass were two ladies, who I believe hold important I portions in a fashionable Collins-street warehouse. I On seeing these latter, the pushing lady loudly ex- Idaiibed to her companion ' Oh, there are the two >-women I was telling you about. Whatever Ido they want at a classical concert ?' The author 1 of the above ludricous snobbery is the daughter o^ larell-known member of the Legislative Council, land the wife of a suburban solicitor, and I I believe poses as a lady." Music may have charms I to soothe the savage breast, but evidently it some- I times fails to elevate the mind of a would-be-thought llady, who seemingly forgets that whilst family Inverses frequently compel "ladies" to serve behind lashopcounter, it is their misfortune to wait upon. lralgar, rich "women," whom Nature intended to I teep a fish-stall. Taken in connection with the foregoing specimen I of the genus snob, how is it thus for high ? I give I it from a list of approaching marriages (in high life) liroma "society" paper :— 1 The marriage of Miss E.i I A. Colme'r, third daughter of Kueben Colmer, Esq.j • Sydney-road, Cobiirg, to Mr A. E. Ford, of; I Brunswick, youngest son of the late W. D. Eord, I of West Melbourne, grandson of the late James Esq. of "Box House," Kent, and great-grand' I nephew of Hogarth, the famous painter, of Chis- I wick, England, is announced to take place early in^ I August." Great Peter J A great grand-nephew of Ithefamous authorthe "ThoHake's Progress" about I to be married—in Victoria! It is enough to take lino's breath away. I wonder the law does not pro- I ride a tight-fitting waistcoat for people who heedhurl broadcast such stupendous announce-; • meats among a lot of harmless people; there is no | knowing what harm they . may do. Before 1 marriage really comes off, someone may be I"sh enough to inform the bridegroom that Sir I William Thomhill -married Hogarth's daughter, I and then we shall have Sir William's ghost hurled I't onr heads, together with the ghosts of all. his | Paint brushes. •The accession to the old house of Andrew King I' Co, of Mr A. Crawford, a gentleman so well- I known around Castlemaine, Maldon, Daylesford, land Ballarat, is a decided gain. Mr Crawford has lloined the old firm as partner, and from the 1st of t the.historic firm of Andrew King and Co. |will be known as "Crawford, King & Co." Tho close of the season of the " Little Lord' IFauntleroy" company at the Princess' Theatre next I Friday is to be succeeded by the production of 1 'Borneo and Juliet" on a grand scale, with Mr Uew and Mrs Brown Potter in the leading parts, IGreat preparations are in progress for a revival of r The Flying ScudJ" next Saturday. Mr Warner 1*31 close his engagement on thii evening previous. H aa pleased to announce that the popular actor land manager, Mr George Darrell, has been engaged I "J 1 -Messrs Williamson iand Garner as general busi- I "MB manager of their Melbourne theatres, in sucoeS' I Hon to Mr H. H. . Vincent, who left for England I t?con %. " Joseph's Sweetheart " is going along laerrily at the Bijou; and the success of "Sweet I a Tender " at the Alexandra is so pronounced that I .^re ,:.is .not likely' to be any change in the bill for Dext I fortnight. The Rickards company have posed their season at St. George's Hall, which is I . Vaoant - Most deserved success attends the • - — now running at the Victoria Hall I b, ^ management of Mr Billin. He has ao° Ug ° t sn excellent minstrel company together, oli. Performance is devoid of the slightest • feature. The attractions of the Wax- works have been added to by tho introduction of a giant and giantoss. Tho last of the Halli concerts has been given at the Town Hall, for the present. I hoar of all sorts of practical jokes performed by the great comedian Toole during his stay in this city. A few days before leaving Melbourne he walked into' au undertaker's office in Fitzroy, in company with a friend, and asked to be supplied with tho most costly bridal bouquet the establishment could produlco. Tho undertaker's .daughter, who was in charge of tho office, replied "that "her father "buried people." The "great comedian-then said he might turn his call to account by taking a price list of coffins, und he would endeavour to put some business in her father's way. At that moment tho undertaker himself walked in, and seeing the great comedian said, "How do you do, Mr Toole?" whose face, once seen, is not easily forgotten. The great comedian left the premises. Dr Laugardiore, of TOUIOUBC, reports to the Academy of Medicine that he has discovered a cure for croup. It is a very simple oue—a tablespoonful of flour of sulphur dissolved in a tumbler of water. After three days of this treatment his patients wore rescued from imminent death, and fully recovered. PIGS IN. CANADA.—Mr W.- Davies, the most extensive bacon curer .and packer in Canada, after specially favoring the Berkshire breeds for many years as the best for lfis pur-' poses—and so it undoubtedly wa8 as long as fat pork was in demand—has of late, owing to public preference for leaner pork, been favoring the large Yorkshire, which, he says, is rapidly displacing the other breeds in England, Ireland, Denmark, Germany, Sweden, the great bacon producing centres. "Marbled pork," so called, he regards as an inferior quality or kind of pork, consisting, as it does, of lean meat or flesh with veins of fat running through it. The premium hog today, he adds, iu demand for bacon and hams, and that which will command the highest price, should not have more thau lin of fat down the back in any part from head to tail, Meat which ranked second class 30 years ago is now considered Al, and vice versa. It will be seen from another article on the Ontario swine industry that the majority of our farmers still maintain their preference for the Berkshires; a prejudice—if such it be—that will doubtless take considerable ti:ae to be overcome.— Toronto Globe. 