THE NOVELIST, WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By Miss Bbaddok. AuthoroP'LadyAudley'eSeoret," "Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men's Shoes," " Gat by the County," " Taken at the Flood, , " Weavers and Weft," *• One Thing Needful," "Mohawks," &o.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXI. ' ENOUGH THAT I CAN. LIVE," As Clara Anion anticipated, dinner was late that evening at Biver Lawn. It was nearly half-past 8 when Mr. and Mia. Arden and Daisy met in the drawing-room, and the fantler had been hovering in the hall for nearly half an hoar waiting to announce dinner. " Yon are looking ao pale and eo tired, Ambrose," Mrs. Arden said, as they seated themselves in the light of the large shaded lamp, supplemented with clusters of war candles—a light in whioh she oonld see the oolour and expression of his face better than In the softer lamplight of the drawing- room. '*1 don't think that I am any more tired j than usual," he answered. "Yon know what yonr fashionable physician said of me. Yon most not expect me to look particularly robust." I "He said that yon were not to devote yourself to intelleotnai work, Ambrose, and yon have been doing nothing else since he Bawyon." "Old habits are not ao easily pnt off as dootors pretend to think. They tell the drunkard he must leave off brandy, and they tell the scholar he must live without books, with just the same admirable complaeenoy as if they were asking very little." " I'm afraid we ought to leave Berkshire," puraued his wife, looking at him anxiously. " I am snre that yon will be better yon will he better away from your books," " I shall be ready to leave my books when mv book is finished. I am nesting the end. When that is done I will go where yon like." "It is not where I like, bnt where yon like," she said sadly. "lam happier here than anywhere else." " Then let ne stay here—till the end of our liveB. Yon know what Horaoe says, Daisy." " No, no, I am not aelfish enough to keep yon here, when I see that yon are dispirited and ont of health. We will go back to | London, we will go to Italy, anywhere." There waa a silence after this, Daisy being more thoughtful than usual, and not offering any diversion by the girlish prattle with which ehe usually brightened the meal, whether her heart was light or heavy. No word had yet been apoken abont Cyril's absence. The butler had quietly removed the cover laid for him, and the ohairin whioh he was to have sat; bnt nobody mentioned hie name till nearly the end of the meal, when Clara said rather nervously— " Cyril ia dining out, I suppose!" " He has gone to London," Ambrose Arden answered quietly, " He is not coming back to-night." Clara looked at him wonderlngly as he answered. Had Cyril told hie father that his engagement wbb at an end? She oonld hardly believe that her husband would have taken the blow so quietly. It waa left for her, ehe thought, to tell him of his disap pointment. Daisy slipped away to her own den as soon as she was free to leave the dining- room, and Mrs. Arden entered the drawing-room alone, and eat there anxionaly waiting for her hus band to rejoin her. It was very seldom that he lingered in the dining-room after his wife left him, hot this evening he was sitting in an abstraoted mood at his end of the taue, and did not stir when mother and daughter rose and went away. It waa perhaps the first time that he had ever allowed his wife to open that door for heraelf when he was in the room. Absent-minded and dreamy by temperament he had yet rarely failed in courtesy to the woman who was to him this world'a one woman. He eat with his head bent over the empty desert-plate and the untouohed glass of olaret which the bntler bad filled unbidden. He eat brooding in the lamplight for nearly half an hour; and then, with a deep-drawn aigh, he rose slowly, and went to the drawing room, where hie wife was sitting by an open window looking ont at the moonlit water, very sad of heart He went over to her and seated himself by her Bide. " Cyril ia gone from ne for good, Clara," he said. " I suppose you know that." " I know that all ia over between him and Daisy; bnt I thought yon did not know. 1 feared yon would not hie able to take the blow eo quietly, knowing how pleased yon were at their engagement," "I waa pleased because it was a link that drew me nearer to yon. Itwasof our union I thought, not theirs. Nothing can touch me, Clara, while I have you." " Did he tell yon why he and Daisy had made np their minde to part." " Yes. he told me his reasons," " And here, Yon will blame my daughter for fiokleness, I tear, Ambrose." " Blame her, blame Daisy! Yonr daughter —and ;«oy pupiL Why, ehe was the bond between ns years ago, wben 2 was bnt the stranger within your gates. My love for your daughter is second only to my love for yon." Hie wife took up hie hand and kissed it in a rapture oi grateful affeotion, "How good you are to ne, Ambrose," she said softly. "Harsh words never fall from your Upa. If I could only see yon happy, my heart wonld be fail of content." " I am happy, Clara, happy in having won my hearfe desire. What oan a man have In ttna world more than that—the one desireof hie life, the boon for whioh he has waited and longed through years of patience end silent hops. If there is happiness upon earth I have attained it." "I believe yonr metaphysicians teach yon that there is no auoh thing as happiness." " Oh, they only preach the gospel of donbt. The whole soienoe of metaphysics consists in the questioning spirit, which analyses every thing, without arriving at any definite con clusion abont anything." "Poor Cyril,"sighed Clara, after a pause of contemplative ailenoe, whioh seemed in I harmony with the etiUnese of the summer night and the beauty of the moonlit land-1 scape, garden and river, meadow and wood- j land, and dark ehnroh tower. i "Poor Cyril, It seems so sad for him to leave us, to go out into the world as a wanderer; and yetj^ofoourse, it would, be impossible for oar old life to go on, now that he baa broken with Daisy." "No, the old life wonld not be possible. It belongs to the paat already. Did ha tell Daisy where he was going f "To Australia he said. He consulted with you as to his destination, no doubt." "No; he told me he should go away; bnt he did not enter upon his plane." Poor fellow. He was very unhappy. I fear." 1 "He did nctoonfide hit sorrow* to me. He bad made np his mind, end it wu not for mo' ■ to try end ohange hie resolution." Hie whole maimer ottered as he epoke of hie eon. There waa n hardness in hia tone that surprised and grieved hU wife, who a minute before had done hi«n homage an the moat admirable of men* Hit manner in speaking of her daughter had expreased the utmost tendersbsb. The tone In whlob he apoke of hia own eon waa cold and item almost to vindiotiveneia. Clara feared there had been a quarrel between father and son, and that Ambrose Arden had resented the oanaelmentof Daisy's engagement with an nsjnst wrath. *' Yon mast not be angry with Cyril," ehe - said softly. " I fear that it is Daisy's Sokle ness that is the '.beginning and end of our disappointment She owned as mnoh to me, poor ohild. She gave her promise too lightly,. and repented almost as soon as it was given, although she had not the courage to confess her mistake." " Well, we will say it Is Daisy's fanlt, or that both are fiokle. There are no hearts broken, I believe, Cyril goes ont into the world a stranger tons henceforward." " Not a stranger, Ambrose. Your son will always be dear to ns both." " He will be in Australia, where onr love or onr indifference cannot touoh him," There was a bitterness in his tons which warned Clara to pursue the snbjeot no far ther. She ooald not donht alter this that there bad boen a breaoh between father and son—that these two who had been so fond of each other and so prond of eaoh other hitherto had parted ill friends. And it waa all Daisy's doing, poor little featberheaded . Daisy, who should have been a bond of union, bnt had become the oooaslon of dis union. Clan Arden felt weighed down by the sense of inexpressible sadness as she sat looking ont into the moonlit garden—that garden whioh she and her first lover had/. found a wilderness, and whioh ho had made into a paradise for her sake. It was her girlish admiration of that old garden tar 1 the river whioh had made Bobert Hatred eager to possess the place. He had laid It at her feet as if it were a bunch of rotes, never oonnting the cost of anything whioh pleased her. Had it been ten times as oootly a plaoe be would have booght it for her. His Image waa with her to-night more vividly than it had been for a long time. It was as if he himself were at hand in all the warmth and energy of life, and that she had bnt to stretoh ont her arms to beckon him to her. And, oh, with what a heart - siokness of longing and regret she ■ turned towards that idolized image 1 Face to faoe with the inexplicable gloom of Am brose Arden's temper, she recalled her first husband's happy nature, his joyous outlook, and keen delight in life. With him her days had seemed one perpetual holiday. If she ever complained it had bean because that energetio temperament took life and its en joyments at a faster pace than railed her - own reposeful temper. Bnt how bright, how gay those days bad been—how frank and open her companion's faoe—how expansive his epeeoh and manner I He haa never hidden a care from ber. Were his thonghta light or heavy she shared them and knew every deBbe of his heart. But In this man, this oberished friend of ' many vents, she had disoovered mysteries. He had griefs whioh he would not share with ber. He was angry with his only son; - they bad ported within a few hours, perhaps for all thu life: and he would tell her nothing. of the cause of their parting, he invited no sympathy. He sat by her side iu melanoholy silence, and she felt the burden of nnhappi ness which she was not allowed to share. " If he would only talk of his trouble, if ho wonld only let me comfort him, I should bo - twice as good a wife," she thought-despon dently. "It is not my fault If our lives are growing further Bpart." After this night an emotionless monotony marked Clara Arden's days in the house where her early married life had been ao fall of happiness, and where her one great sorrow the sorrow of a lifetime, had aome npon her. The idea of going on the Continent for the - autumn was not carried out. The soholar'e book absorbed him wholly in the waning of tbe year, and he preferred the quiet of Elver Lawn to all the glory of tbe Italian Lakes, or all the art of Florence. He spent n good many hours of every day in hia old cottage study, while bis wife and her daughter lived very muoh as they had lived in Mrs. Hatrell's widowhood, "Your seoond marriage and my engage ment to Cyril seem almost a dream, mother, when yon and I are sitting here alone together, and Unole Ambrose is poring over hia books on the ether ride of tbe road," said Daisy as she eat at her mother's feet in the - morning-room, protending to read Leoky's "England Under the Georges," but looking np every now and then to talk. "I oall him > quite a perfect husband in his way—never interfering with our plana, never grumbling at his dinner, always courteous and kind,and - ready to do what we like." "Yes, he is all goodness to us," answered her mother, " and one would have nothing - left to wish for if he were only happy." "I daresay he is happy—in his way, mother—hia calm, philosophical way, which used to soothe and tame me in my rebellious - fits when I was » child. He eras always the same, don't you know. Tranquil and rather mysterious—like deep still water—like Lake Lemon, whose depth one would never suspect if one did not see the mountains npside down in the water, and rat reminded by those delusive shadows of the real depth below. Rely upon it, Unole Ambrose has all he care* for In this world, having yon and bis books,. and you give yourself groundless tronble when you are anxious about him." Her mother sighed, but did uot answer. She bad watohed bsr husband's faoe with a nsw anxiety ever (since, Cyril's departure; and sbe baa seen the lines deepen, and the melanoholy droop of the firm lips grow more marked. No one at Biver Lawn knew anything about Cyril's whereaboots, unless ft was his lather. He had left Lamfotd within • few hours of his Interview srlth Daisy, taking with him only a single portmanteau, m Beatrice Beardon informed her friend, this young lady having a habit oi meeting every fl^thnt ever entered or departed from the " It's no use telling mo yon haven't quar relled," protested Beatrice, when Daisy denied any ill-feeling between Cyril and her self. 111 saw tbe poor dear fellow's white face as he drove by, acknowledging my bow in the moot diatraoted manner, and I never taw such a change in any man. A few hours before he had been the gayest of us all on the tennis lawn, and now hs looked positively like bis own ghost. Yon must have had a dreadinl row, Daisy." " We bad no row, as you call it. We only agreed that It was better for ns .to part." "Foot Cyril! I had no idea he was eo desperately in love with yon. He need to take things eo very easily," remarked Beatrice, with all the freedom of friendship. * Of course, I always snspcotel yon of not ' caring a straw for him. Von art not theleast like an engaged girl. Son didn't spoon him a little bit. ,« . Uaieyshuddered. She wai one of the few glrle who, are revolted .by enoh forms of speech at prevail in eome girliih circles, lain Keardon affected a . fait and slangy manner, a* a kind of perpetual protest against the dnlneia and monotoay of her lite in a Berkshire village. She wanted everybody to nnderatand that there was nothing rnBtlo or pastoral about her mind or .her manners. This was all that Daley or her mother heard abont Cyril's departure. He had gone to hie chambers most likely, where he could piepare at his leisure for that long voyage of which be bad talked. The greater part of his possessions, his books and guns, and sporting tackle of all kinds were In Albany. He had hls own man to paok for him, and nooompany him to a new world, if be was so minded. 