BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AT COBURG. Holy Trinity Church, Coburg, was thronged on Sunday morning last, when the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne preached. Every pew was occupied, and the service was an ex- ceedingly interesting one. The Rev. J. Caton, incumbent of the church, read the lessons and conducted the service, which was a full choral one, being Jackson's service in F. His Lordship chose as the subject of his discourse the text: "And as Jesus passed forth from thence, He saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom, and He saith unto him, follow Me. And he arose and followed Him.'' St. Matthew ix ch., 9 v. The text was taken from the lesson of the day and was really all that we knew regarding the calling and position of St. Matthew. But the Lord saw him, as a publican sitting in the receipt of custom, and called him from this place of sin to be one of his disciples. From what a depth of degradation to what heighth of dignity was he raised by the power of Christ. We might look upon the threefold calling of the apostle \- his scriptural, spiritual, and official calling. It was with pleasure that he saw we gave the name of a "calling" to the trade or profession which all followed, for it served to remind us that we recognised that God determined our business matters as well as other things. The choosing of a business is a very serious matter indeed, and it is one of the most anxious times for a parent when he is called on to select a pro- fession for his son. The question is often much easier of solution when a boy shows a decided bent of mind or talent in one direction. How much his usefulness will depend upon the choice made, and whether he be a genius or a youth of ordinary ability it is well for him to feel that it is God's calling. Not only is it well for the father but for the son also to remember this, for it will make him settle in the business selected for him, and make him cheerful and contented in the knowledge that it is God's will concerning him. Speaking in the manner of man we would say that St. Matthew's calling was not by any means a desirable one, and when we look at it we would see how a pious father should choose a profession that would not be hostile to his son's religious training. There were certain callings which, though strictly lawful, were not favorable to the Christian life, and which throw more diffictilties than others in the way of getting to heaven. St. Matthew's was one of these, and was one which was likely to cultivate covetousness, and an inordinate love of riches; to make the mind narrow, sordid and grovelling, rather than noble and expensive. It was a special temptation for fraudulency, and an honest publican was an exception in Lesser Asia. This was shown by an inscription being raised to the memory of the father of Aspasia, as a good publican. His position was also held in special disgust by his country- men, the Jews, inasmuch as it entailed the collection of taxes for the Romans, and a publican was held to be false to his creed. Such a consciousness of dis- like must have produced a lack of self- respect in the breast of the follower of the calling. If a man knows that he fol- lows a business which makes his neigh- bors despise him it will produce a want of esteem in himself which is likely to make him totally disregard even the common decentier of his. But the Lord taught them that they were to keep within the law, and to render unto Caesar the things which were Cæsar's. Let us take notice now of the spiritual calling of this man, who proved so ready to obey the call "follow Me." We were not to think that he was totally ignorant of the Lord prior to the call being made, for Capernaum had become the Lord's abiding place after the people of His own town had rejected Him. He must have known Jesus by repute, and had probably been an eye witness of some of his Master's miracles. It was just probable that the seed of the word of God had taken deep root in his heart before he heard the call of the Lord in his ears, and this brought forward the question of sudden conversions about which he would like to say a few words. It is not right to say there are no such things, for to say this would be to doubt the power of God and Holly Ghost. But, as a rule, the progress of Christ in the heart of man does not come with leaps and bounds, but by degrees. The growth of Christ in the heart is like that of the seed in the soil, first the blade, shooting up above the earth, and finally the ripened ear of grain, and so it is with sudden conversions which are but the outside manifestation of what mayhap has long been growing. Who can say he was present at the precise moment when the tiny blade of green showed above the surface, but suddenly we see it, and so it is with the conversion of a soul. Parents should beware of thinking that because their children manifest no outward signs of spiritual growth they are becoming hardened, for we do not know what is taking place deep down in the heart. We should not expect too much autumn in the time of spring. Christ's words to St. Matthew showed that despite his calling there were no barriers between them, and that notwithstanding the contempt which his own people might have for him Christ was willing and anxious to enrol him amongst his fol- lowers. Not only did he make him one of his disciples but also an evangelist- a distinction given to none other of the apostles save St. John, whilst his book had the pride of place in the New Testament. His Lordship expressed pleasure at seeing so many young people present, and urged that all should specially strive to give their hearts to God whilst young in years, the effect of which would be that many of their elders would be affected and seek salvation. In conclusion this taught us that no matter how menial a position we might occupy we should all seek to follow Jesus and would be acceptable in his sight. We should strive to do what little we could for his sake. Christ did not require that we should forsake our business and follow him in the literal meaning of the term, but unless a man sought and fol- lowed Jesus he could not be his disciple. Christ did not require more nor would he accept less and the speaker prayed that God would grant all might be ready when the call came. 