No Tcll-Tale Wauled. Yonng Lady Cat bird-store): "Has this parrot any accomplishments V Proprietor: "lie can speak a little, bnt bo's too old to learn anything now." Yocog Lady (hesitatingly): " Would he a sneeze, or a cougb, or anything of that kind 2" Proprietor: "Ho. The girls were trying the otber day to teach bim to imitate the eonnd of a kiss, but be wouldn't do it." Yonng Lady (decidedly): " I'U lake him." Cmws in the will — Fingers of the lawyers. "Isthatyoor domestic?" "No; Ehe is my imported." _ Necessity is the mother of invention, and likewiee the lather of lies." _ If the boyB do not kiss the mieees, then the girls will mieB the kisEes. It is the man who is too Inll for utterance who never knows when he's loaded. llxjj .is often fonder cf his degs than he is of his kin ; bnt, tfceD, a dog can never con test a will." '' 1 . TmKK watering wine is a groes swindle." " So it is — bat sanding soger is a grocer swindle." Fibst FisDEnMiN : " What luck ?" Second Fisherman: "None at all; aan't get the cork out." " Sat, mamma, ain't we made of dost ? ' " Yes, dear," WeU, why don't we get muddy when ve drink ?" " Dok't yon get tired of thiB do-nothing life ? ' Yens, very ; bnt trade is vulgar and eoicidc is criminal. What can I do ?"' He (asulicusly): " What would yon say, darling, if I should aek you to bo my wife?" Darling (even more cautiously) : " Ask me and find out." Hep-bteh : " Have you seen Fatti tbis morning ? ' Elevator Boy : " Yes ; 1 saw her cud raised her." Edith : " It's the little things that tell in this life." Alice-: " Well, you'd think so if yon had two small brothers, as I have." Fibst Housekeepeii : " What is your idea of tbe height of eaxeaem 2" Second House keeper. " Calling servants 'help.' " He : "And where are you going next ?' She (Cook's tonriet) : " Milan." " Why, you ere in Mdan now." ' Oh 1 are we ? Well, then, Geneva." Miss Felt : " Jack is attracted by Miss Gilter's money rstber than by her personal charms, isn't he ?" Mies Banner: "1 judge so. I heard him speak of her the other day as bis/imsnoce." Colonel Aeeiks (of Denver): "Young man, what was that dccc j ou gave me afore you yanked tb' tooth ?" Toe Deatiet : "Cocaine and whisky, six." Colonel Arkina: " Pull eome more 1" She: "Shakespeare is eimpiy marvel lous." " He ie, indeed. Even tbe names he gives his minor characters have a deep signi ficance. Look at Pistol, for instance. Ha was always loaded." " I bave noticed," remarked Doliey, " that the women who have tho emallest feet pos sess also the most acute sense of humor." " I wonder why ?" replied Miss Amy, -coyly poshing her foot forward a trifle. " Because brevity ie tbe soul of wit." Mas. loss : I declare 1 Alice Smith ie to be married 1 It is frightful the way girls marry nowadays. A woman should never think of it nntil she has reached the age of discretion." Mr. Jinks : " In other words, yen would have them stay emgle all their livoa." " So that fellow Brown married the popu- ' let align Janes, end she had a dozen better men at her feet." " Yes, and he calls her «E plariboB unam.' " " E pluribue nnnm 1 What does he mean by that ?" " Won from many. Brown is a Lstin scholar, don't you knew." "Buss (the chicken-borrower): ''Fo' d good Lard, Mistah Ghost, luff me go di lime til I xiebber come hesh agin 1" Mr. Coopley (of tbe Georgia pine-distriet) : " G'long 1 I hain't no ghost. They wor a tar-'n-featherin' bee laet night, en th' ole woman's made me stay out fayar till th effects wear off." A has says he came across three rats in the road eome time ago and all of them had hold oi a straw, travelling along. He dselareB that the two ontEide rats were leading the .centre one, which wob blind. That wooid be a better story if rats were not furnished by nature with excellent tow-lines of their own. What Chappie eays : ' It's the queerest thing, you know ; I csllcd on Mice Hankin- eon, of Geelong, last night, and that Chubb - wae there. I hadn't been in the room tens minutes, when Chubb offered to bet Misa Hackineon tbat I couldn't go down to tho Battery and back in two hours. She took the bet, and I started. I did it in sn hour and forty minutes; bnt when I got back to the bonse Chubb tied gone home and Miss Hankineon had retired." Floti, tbe volunteer, left tbe barracks without permission. As the yonng men is a general favorite, iris corporal determined, if possible, to shield trim from punishment. Accordingly, he wrapped ft sweeping-brush In a blanket end laid it in the volunteer's bed. The officer on dnty, who is rather short-sighted, coon after went tberonnd of ,7" bade until he came to Holt's. ' Who terltott," Voloo. The disorderly fellow is to intent on plaMsrA that he totally nrglccts himself." (The tor-' poral trembles in the belief that the fraud iB discovered.) "Yon may teli Volunteer Fiott to-morrow to get Iris hair cat. Good night;" 