I THE DELIGHT OF IDLENESS. P. ANDERSON GRAHAM, IN Macmillan's Megarrity If there is any type of man I fear, it is Carlyle's favourite Ram Das, with fire In his body." Vu meUphored I grant fated to be a fit object for philosophic admirer ana person of vigour, bustle, energy, and other virile qualities to which the protested idler lays, no claim If I do not love the self-made millionaire whose fortune was founded in the halfcrown be brought to town with him as a boy, it is neither because; of his ignorance which suits me, nor his snobbishness which is amusing, nor from any other at the characteristics that was of him an average of oultU vated people. It is exclusively on account of that same: fire in his well that purpose and energy which distinguish him from the test 1 essentially, and with only a slight varied use of that, he belongs to the same class as the heaven born artist who on his first state made a! call cities of the miss is the p e why rL; read yarn to him before he could eat them as the novelist who remained to his uncle while still in short clothes, in a word, as all those whose mustons date from the cradle The whole of them are looped together by this same eli racteristic In it you have the origin of the man of mark and whether he works wlthpaiutef soap, rhymes or plots, he is equally offensive to cut; lover of a quiet progress through life. the matchless charm of the might-have-beens Is dealer to me than any joy in more accomplishment of the fortune, which, is and, the book which is written, the picture which is painted, there to an end so far as per., sinai interest goes It line putrid from the haze at the contemplated and t ken use em definite outline 1 the romance of possibility has gone from it But that which is undone supplies lasting food to the imagination It is pleasant to sit by one's own strength of ? winter's night and dishes at the late at finance a project by which an »lw»ys-unfortunnto, ulnajii-liopcful high but is prepared to lose another slice of his fortune, than to follow a bragging, long-faced, successful men about, as with an fairminded beast he shows in turn his furniture, his pictures, his horses, and all his other damning proofs of having lived in direct opposition to the idea in life And surely to later in a woody June on a summer afternoon and listen to a young poet describing the never-to-be printed tragedy by which he hopes to electrify London, until you are almost infected with his enthusiasm, is more like real poetry than to stand before an author's bot keane and number row upon son of the books by which he has achieved fame L until the crash actually comes, you have the pleasure of hoping that your neighbour's long; ill-luck is at last to turn, and until the young pool becomes disgusted with the return of his manuscripts ridges into a place in the city, it is a delight to sit on the willow stumps by the river and share his dreams. Do not be like the foolish ones who fear to have a pet lest it die and they Barrow, before the climax comes other aspirants claiming your carpet by will have dulled your belief in their predecessors No thing leads more inevitably to a doleful talk than to he asked to discuss any actual or practical idea It makes one feel as if in a cage. Should imagination flutter a wing it is but to dash it against some iron bar of possibility, and every excursion of whim or fancy is arrested by the auditor's torn concentration on the workable But to enter with heat and seriousness into the consideration of an impossible project is to afford scope to all the light artillery of the mind Any fanciful suggestion, any wild notion or odd paradox, lightly put forward with an, "it." may provisionally be discussed without the " if," till, when drained of entertaining matter, the of u brought back to life as an executioner. A from 10 mood has full scope where business intent is luxuriously) absent, and it is absolutely of no consequence what any one says Of all talkers the most amusing is the hero of the accomplished What one priest most in the country, therefore, is the excellent society it affords. I am not a pest, so that nature is not meant , neither the brown hills which the sun kisses at bedtime, nor tail winds Greening among the elms and land sting on the waste, nor the swallows which boat in the window nooks, nor the robins which come to be fed, nor, indeed, to any of the other phenomena whose chief use seems to be for the ornamentation of modern prose in town the men are what the superior newspapers call accomplished facts It is not only that the sight of to much crystallised industry disturbs the tranquility of an idle, and almost stimu- late him to the exertion he abhors, but when people have adjusted themselves to their tasks and given an adequate test of their quality, the interest for over has gone from the m. It is the untried For or, the j but whose work is not yet begun and whose power is an unknown quantity, who gives a fillip to surprise and. speculation To dream the dreams of an ambitious boy, to see in imagination the beardless writer of an epic (In manuscript) tasselled and famous to single out some villain ragamuffin as a W Whittington or in another mood, when more active employment in desired to pro figure the downfall of their cloud castles, and wateR with the mind's eye the bubble reinitiation glittering far above them, is pleasanter than any show of celebrities. So soon as the time for seeing visions on your own account is over-in other words, when you have attained sense there is no sweeter way of spending a sunny afternoon than to sit on the bole of a fallen tree under a dome of green, and cast (Golden horoscopes for your friends, weaving romances which will never sea At Uio'o, was watching a draraiplaved in a theatre of your own building, and, like some recent plays, having; an adjustable ending tragic or comic, in the state of your optics may dictate As one generation tread close on the heels of another the characters come trooping to you without the trouble of invention, and while the yearss checking, one set of forecasts you may be busy fashioning others if anyone asks what is the ultimate gain reply that there is no such word as gum in your vocabulary, that you prefer to be a hero of the Un accord with, that you have row upon row of books in dreamland, and that there is no reasoner to keen as Time If one v ventures to remark that country life is favourable for study, half-a-dozen quotidian persons take it as a commonplace says the fatuous imitator of Jefferies with his dull red and his customary catalogue " Ah, yes, one has nature at first hand (hero I He is a field of yellow broom. below, in the valley, a rugged bare-legged boy is gud idling trout in the stony burn A oushat is sweetly seeing from the pines on the slope Front an oak beside me to the decayed elm in the next field the cuckoo flies ringing his clear note A white throated ousel (skins down the stream and alights on a boulder Near the sea-side a woggal runs and flutters and hops On the mountain-top a fresh breeze is wreathing the mint into waving veils and spirits," so , Lo , Le , ad tiyfmiHH». It is a wholesome exercise to lie in early summer at a time dyke- buck and hear the rumba beat and the birds whistle, and the cattle low, and the ploughman's cheery voice to his strong team come smartly up to the hedge but even a lazy man scruple to call It studying Nature, and why men should write or read lists of these miscellaneous sounds and sights it were hard to determine there is no more fatal distraction of one's thoughts In the country than a curiosity about natural history To enjoy it thoroughly one must resolutely determine to take no thought of what is passing around. If a man feel under any moral obligation to observe every watch which goes in chase of a rubble, if the appearance of a strange bird sends him home to consult I work on ornithology, If a kestrel questing a field mouse excites him, it will be better that he should take an early train line wards. The continuity of his ideas liable to fracture at the most interesting moment. My most delicious reveries came to me at eventide when the river gleamed in the moonlight and the full leaved willow bush is like a green fountain in play ; but what would become of them if I had a burning anxiety about every warbler which twittered late in the hedges, if (lia hummingst u beetle made me with to catch it, if I ever liked, Was that the barn owl which shrieked? Now it is a prime essential not only to study but even to rural enjoyment-that you have out a negative love of natural history, that it should consist in the absence of any dislike to country sights and sounds. For example, there is a certain house where I love to be) alone, but which is unbearable with company. Owing to an easily explained cause, the wind is always singing; mournful farms at its door. Look out at the windows and you will see why woods every where, and the heights all round fringed with a row of pines. So everybody who comes is asked to take note of the deRulo morning; which never comes, but wells in storm to a ravine; howl and sinks in calm to the not let signing. Now, if others are present, and particularly when my attention is drawn to It, the wind comes laden with dreariness. Waste places over which it has blown rise up in imagination ; useless force and mailor room piping their lamentation in it; if many people are there It number and dissensions one like a wail of hopelessness. And to hear a enamelled lover of Nature posing as a mile of Nature's sorrow ! But alone and not consciously listening, the oounulesH accompaniment played upon the pine trees weaves itself into dream and fancy ; pipe after pipe is lit and smoked while an endless procession of figures in shadow and pass by-dead and living, real and imaginary, jostling one another in this land where all are on equal footing. Yet if, one were to say, How mildly the wind sounds to-night in-the spell in broken. , Presto I like a troop of ghosts at daybreak, like a Hook of conlan at a gunshot, (they have all lied. To hear and not to know you are beginning, to see and be unconscious of sight, is the only way to Taste the delicious influence of Nature. The sources of the water supply of Paper me, and the methods by which the water is distributed, are described in the last report of the British Consul here. The deficiency of the supply, especially in summer, has long been one of the great grievances of the householder in Palermo. The supply at present is meted out In "peace," that is, " quills of water," a "penna" being a continuous supply of as much water as will run through a pipe the size of a goosequill. There are houses of three storeys in Palermo, inhabited by three or four families, which have no more than supply of one pound of water per diem, and even this at times intermitted, for the men who have the care of the water pipes contri vo, when water; is required for irrigating orange and lemon trees and melons, to divert, for a consideration, the course of the waterflow from its proper destination. The running water with which Palermo is mainly supplied comes from sources in the hills near Moments. The system by which the distribution of the water in achieved a very curious, and is said to have come down from the days of the Arabs. Visitors making excursions in the environs have often been puzzled by the appearance) along the roads from time to time of arrange structures in the form of lofty truncated obelisks. These are called water towers, and some of them are very ancient. built of stone, and overgrown with ivy. There is usually an iron ladder reaching half-way down, by which the watermen, or turncocks, who carry portable ladders to join thereto, can get to the summits. On the top of each lower is a small reservoir, into which the water rises from the pressure of the water descend- ing from the mountain, and from the reservoir the water is distributed in pipes to the neighbourhood. The explanation of the use of these powers is not very clear, but engineers nay they sat as a drag on the rush, of water in the earthenware conduits and prevent them from bursting. The inhabitants of Palermo have long had cause to complain of the scanty supply of water. The news, therefore, of the formation of an Anglo Palormiten company for the supply, of water from copions source st leaflets, some 20 miles disWt, feast greeted, with auo^JHtiaisA^h^^M«,. 