l THE ROUT OF~:THE .WRITE HUSSARS.. DB RUDYARD KIPLING. c (FrOo " rPLAt TALES PnO TnE IIILIS.") n Some people hold that an English cavalry o regiment cannot run. This is a mistake. I Le have seen four hundred and thirty-seven sabres if flyingover the face of the country in abject B, terror-have seen the best regiment that ever drew bridle wiped off the Army List for the n space of two hours. If you repeat this talc t d the White Hussars they will in all probability is treat you severely. They are not proud of the .d incident i1 You may know the White Hussars by their to " side," which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this is not a sufficient mark, o you may know them by their old brandy. It has boee sixty years in the mess and is worth d ing far to taste. Ask for the" I'Gairo" old o brandy, and see that you got it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and 1\. that the genuine article will be lost on you, ho v- will treat you accordinrgl. H1a is a good man. But when you are at rmess, you must never S talk to your hosts about forced marches or d long-distance rides. The mess are very sensi re tive; and if they think you are laughing at 1e them, will tell you so. S As the White lIucsrs say, it was the colonel's m fault. lIe was anew man, and he oughtnover or to have taken the command, He said that the to regimentwas not smart enouuh. This to the White Hussars, who know that they could walk roundany Horse and through any guns, and over any Foot on the face of the earth ! That Sinsult was the first cause of offence. Td Then the colonel cast the drum- horse-the drum-horse of the White Hassars! Perhaps you do not see what an unspeakable crime he is had committed. I will try to make it clear. 1i The soul of the regiment lives in the drum hr horse who carries the silver kettle.drums. He o" is nearly always a big piebald Waler. That is a point of honour ; and a regiment will spend A. anything you please on a piebald. He is beyond theordinaryy laws of casting. His work is very light, and he only mannmvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so long as he can stop out and look handsome, his wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. \- The drum.hlorse of the White hussars was only eighteen yearsold, and perfectly equal to Swork in him, anl carried himself with all e the pomp and dignity of a drum.major of the Guards. The regimunt had paid 1,200rs. for him. a But the colonel said thait he must go, and ie U was cast in due form and replaced by ai washy, y bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a owe-neck, a rat-tail, and cow-hooks. The drummer detested it that anumal, sand the best of the band-horses S utback their ears and showed the whites of their eyes at the'very eight of him. They knew him forrm upstart and no gentleman. I r fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to the band, and that he wanted to make it take part in the regular parade more. meats. A cavalry band is a sacred thing. It ° only turns out forcommanding ofllicers' parades, and the bandmaster is one degree more ima portaent than the colonel. He is a high priest, and the " Keel Row" is his holy song. SThe ' Keel Row" is the cavalry trot; and the man who has never heard that trne rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of the regi meart going past the saluting.base, has eom.o tthing yt to hoar and understand. When the colonel cast the drum-horse of the White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny. ° The officers were angry, the regiment wore furious, and the baundesmen sworn-like troopers. y The Drum-Horse was going to be put up to e auction-public auction-to be bought perhlps a by Paraeo and put into a cart I It was wires than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world, or selling the mess plate to t Jsow-a black Jew. The color.l was a mean mat aind a bully. He knew what the regiment thought about lires action ; and when the troopers offered to buy the drum-horse, he said that their offer Swas mutinous and forbidden by the regula. tions. But one of the subalterms-Hogan- Yalo, an Irishrman-bought the drum-horse for 16ilrs. at the sale; and the colonel was wroth. Yule v professed repentance-he was unnaturally sub. m nissive--and said that, as he had only made a the purchase to save the horse from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now y shoot him and end the business. This appeared to soothe the colonel, for lie wanted the drum horne disposed of. He felt that e had made a I mistake, and could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of the drum-horse was an aunoyance to him. I Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, three cheroots, and his friend ,Marteyn; and ° they all loft the mess together. Yale and a Martyn conferred for two hours in Yalo's quarters; but only the bull- terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees knows what they e said. A horse, hooded and sheeted to his ears, r leftYale's stables, and was taken, very un I willingly, into the Civil Lines. Yalo's groom went with him. Two men broke into the regimental theatro and took several Ipaintpots and some largo scenery brushes. Then night a follover the Cantonments, and there was a noise as of ahorsokicking his looso-box to piecesin Yale's stables. Yale had a big, old, white Waltr trap-horse. The next day was a Thursday, and the men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot the drum e horse in the evening, determined to give the beoast a regular regimental funeral-a finer one than they would have given the colonel had rhe ° died just then. They got a bullock-cart and r some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried out to the place where the anthrax cases were cremated; two-thirds of the regiment follow. ing There was no band, but they all sang " The Place where tire eld Horse Died," as something respectful and alpropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was dumped into the grave and the men began throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farrier sergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, ° " Why, it ain't the drum-horso any more than it's me !" The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left his head in the can teen. The farrier-sergeant said that he knew the drum-horse's feet as well as he know his own; but he was silenced when he saw the r regimental number burnt in on the poor stiff up.turned near-fore. 1 Thus was the drum-horse of the White Hussars buried : the farrier-sergeant grum bling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black paint ; anud the farrier-sergesnt drew attention to this foot. But thie troop sergeant-major of E. Troop kicked him severely on the shin, anrd toldk im Shat he was nndoubtedly druank. On thire Monday following the burial, the colonrel sought revenge on the White IIussears. Unfortunately, being at that tirmeo temporarily incoummand of the stationl, he ordered a brigado Sfield-day. He said that hre wished to make tre regiment "sweat for their d- d insolence," Sand he carried out hIis notion thoroughly. That Mronday was one of the hardest duys intahlo memory of the lWhite Hussars. They wmre thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and poshed forward, and withdnrawn, r.l dismouulntd, and " ecietifically hIandled" in every possibtrle fashion over dusty country, till they swearted profusely. Their only amusemenet cams late si the day whenl they fell upon the batter' of Horso Artillery and chlased it for two miles. This was a personal question, and most of tlhe troopers had money on thire evcnt; the gunners saving openly that they had the legs of the Ylhite lfssars. They wsero wrong. A march past concluded the cumpalgnr, nnrd whenr tihe regiment got back to their lines, thle men wcero coated with dirt from spur to chlin-strtap. -TlITW'hite Hussare hIave ore great aslr peculiar privilege. They own it at Fontonoy, I think. Many regiments possess special rights such ano wearing collars with undress uoiform, or a bow of ribbon between tihe shoulders, or red and white roses in their ihenlmots on certain days of the year. Somerights are cernnected with regi mental saints, and some with regimrental sueo ceases. All are valued highly ; but none so highly as the right of the White IIusears to have tire band playing when their horses are being watered in the lines. Onlyono tuno is played, and that tune rrever varies. I don't know its real name, but the White IIusssrs call it, "Take me to London Again." It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner be astrdeck off the roster thanu forago their distinc. After the " dismiss" was sounded, the offi oers rodeoff home to prepare for stables; and I the men fired irto the lines riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shifted theirlielmets, anrd began to joke orto swear as the humour took them; the more careful slip ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good i trooner values his mount exactly as much as he values himself, and believes, or ishould believe, that the two together are irresistible whero I women or men, girls or guns, ar conscerned. Then the orderly-officer gave the orner. " Water horses," atrd the regimert loafed offt to thie squadron-troughs which were in rear of the stables and between these and the barracks. There were four lhugh troughs, ones for each C squadron, arranged osr ,Itlo,?i, so thIat the whole reginment could water in ten minrutes if it liked. fut it liagered for soeventeen, as a rule, while the band played. The band struck up as iho sqruadlrons filed off to thie troughis, and thie mer slilipped their feet outof the stirrups and chaffed each other. The srun was just eOttig in a big, tot bed of red cloud, n(d tile road to the civil lines seemned to run straight into the sunn's eye. There was a little dot on the road. It grew and areow till it showed as a horse, with a sort of gridiron thing on his back. The red cloud glared a through the bars of thie gridiron. Some of the T troopers shaded their eyes with their Ihands aod said, " What the mischief 'as that thero'orso 0 goton'im P" A Lcs another minuto they Ihard a neigh that as ovTr soul-horse and man--in the regimnent lii knew,rand aw, heading straight towarrds the Ti band, tie' dad drum-horno of the Wnhlo to HusnarP! !p ' On his withers banged and bumped the kettle-drums draped in crape, and on his'bacl, very stiff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. The band stopped playing, and, for a moment, there was a hush. Then some one in E Troop - men said it was the troopser gant-major-swung his horce round and yelled. No one can account oexactly for what happened afterwards; but it seems t that, at least, one man in each troop sot an ox ar mple of panic, and the rest followed like s ,sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered tv but as soon des the band broke, which it did when the ghost of the drum-horse was about a furlong distant, all hooves followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede-quite different ir from the orderly throb and roar of a movement y on parade, or the rough horse-play of watering k in camp- made them only more terrified. They It felt that the men on their backs were afraid of bh something. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. s Troop after troop turned from the troughs d and ran-anywhere and overywhero-likesplit 10 quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec. i taclo, for men and horses were in all stages of ar easiness, and the carbine- buckets flopping r against their sides urged their horses on. Mess were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull at clear of the band which was being chased by the drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. r The colonel had gone over to the mess for a 10 drink. Most of the officers were with him, and 0 the subaltern of the day was preparing to go k down to the lines, and receive the watering re id ports of the troop-sergeant-majors. When it "Take me to London Again" stopped, after twenty bars, every one in the mess said, t "What on earth has happened?" Aminute s later, they heard unmilitary noises, and saw, 11 far across the plain, the V,'hite Hussars scat r. tered, and broken, and flying. The colonel was speechless with rage, for he O thought that the regimeun had risen against l him or was unanimously drunk. The band, a d disorganised mob, tore past, and at its hncls d laboured the drum-horse-the dead and buried Y drum-horse-with the jolting, clattering 3 skeleton. Ieogas.Yale whispered softly to d Martyn--"No wiro will stand that treatment," 1\. and the band, which had doubled like a hare, Scame back again. But the rest of the regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had shut in and each man was howl - ing to his neighbour that the drum-lhorsewas on his flank. Troop-horses are far too tenderly 0 treated as a rule. They can, on emergencies, It do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on e their backs. As the troopers found out. r How long this panic lasted I ca.rot say. I .believe that when the moon rose the mensaw ' they had nothing to fear, and, by twos and threes and half- troops, crept back into cenaton mnents very much ashamed of thmnselves. i Meantime, the drum-horso, disgusted at his i treatment by old friends, pulled up, wheeled f round, and trotted up to the mess verandah Ssteps for bread. No one liked to run: but no one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's foot. 0 The banud had halted some distance away, and now cime back slowly. The colonel called it, t undividually and collectively, every evil uames that occurred to hims at the lime; for he had sethishansd on the bosom of the drum-horse 1 and found flesh and blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with his clenched fist, and dts covered that they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, lihe tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, but found that it had been wired isn'o the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round if the skeleton's pelvis anu his knee in thes old I drum-horse's stomach, was striking, not to ssy amusing. IHe worried the thing off in a minute Sor two, and threw it down on the ground, say ing to lho' bud-" Here, you ours, that's what Syou're afraid of." The skeleton did not look pretty In the twilight. The . band-sergeant Sseemed to recogniso it, for he began to chuckle Snd choke. " Shall I take it away, sir ?" said the band.sergeant. " Yes," said the colonel, " take it to hell, and ride there yourselves I" The band.sergeant saluted, hoisted tha skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to the stables. Then the colonel began to msnake inquiries for the rest of the regiment, and the languago he used was wonderful. iHe would disband the regiment--he would court-martial every soul in it-he would not command such a set of rabble, and so on, and so on. As the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free speech allowed oven to a colonel of horse. Martyn took IIogan-Yale aside and Eug gested compulsory retirement from the servica as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was the weaker man of the two. Hogan-Yale put uno his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that he wars the son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as innocent as the babe unborn of the theatrical resurrection or the drum-horse. "My instructions," said Yale, with a singu larly sweet smile, " were that the drum-horse should be sent back as impressively as possible. I ask you, ams I responsible if a mule-headed friend sends him bank in such a mannkr as to disturb tle peace of mind of a regiment of Her Majesty'scavalry i" nMartyn said, " You area great man, and will in time become a general; but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of thib affair." Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Yale. The second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein the subal. terns of the White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths on the colonel's part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented the scare as the work of some trooper whom it would be hopeless to detect; and I know that he dwelt upouthe sin and the shame 'of makinga public laughing-stock of the scare. "They will call us," said the second in cornmand, who had really a fine imaeination " they will call us the ' Fly-by-Nights;' they will call us the ' Ghost Hunters;' they will nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders understand that the ofit. aers were away when the panic began. For the honour of the regiment and for your own sake keep thithis thing quiet." The colonel was so exhausted with anger that soothing him down was not so difficult as might be imagined. He was made to see, gently and by degreest that it was obviously imposeiblo to court-martial the whole regiment and equally impossible to proceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, had any c-ncern in the hoax. "Dut the beast's alive I Hv's never been shot at all !" shouted the colonel. ".It's flat flagrant disobedience! I've known a man broke for less-damn sightless. They're mock ing me, I tell you, Mutman! They'remock. fag me!" Onco more, the second in command set him self to soothe the colonel, and wrestled with him for half an hour. At the end of that time, the regimental sergeant- major reported him self. 'hhe situntion was rather novel to him; but he was not a man to be put out by circum. stances. He saluted and said, " Regiment all come back, sir." Then to propitiate the colonel-" An' none of the 'orses any the worse, sir." The colonel only snorted and answered " You'd better tuck thle men into their cots, then, and see that they don't wake up and cry in thonight." The sergeant withdrew. His little stroke of hlmour pleased the colonel, and, further, he felt slightly ashamed of thIe langnageo he had beeoon using. The secoud in command worried him again, and the two sat talking far ilnto the night. Next day but one, thiere was a commanding officer's parade, and the colonel harangued the Whlite lussars vigorously. The pith of hiis speech was that, since the drnm.horse in hIis old age had proved himself capahlo of outtiing up the whole regiment, he should return to his post of pride at the head of tlhe band, blt the regimnent were a set of ruffians with badcon Scieolloes. Ti?e White Hussars shouted, and throw ovarything mnovable about them into the air, and when the parade nwas over, they cheered Cthe colonel till they couldn't speak. No cheers were put up for Lietiensant Hogan Yale, who smiled very sweetly in the back-ground. Said the sscand in command to the colonel, umloflicially TThese little things cnasiro popularity, mad do not Ihe least affect discipline." " iut I went back on my word," said the colonel. " Never mind," said the second in command. t " The Whito Hussars will follow yos anywhere from to-day. n iRe eits arejustlike women. I Thel will do anything for trinketry." A week later, Hogan-Yale received an extra ordinary letter from some one who signed Isim self " Secretary. Ciharity ansd Zeal, 709, E.C.," and asked for " the return of our skeleton which we have reason to believe is inyour pos- e session." " Who the donce is this lunatic who trades p in bonese ?" said Hogan-TYnle. c " Beg your pardon, sir," said the band- f sergeant, "but the skeleton is with me, an' p I'll return itif you'll pay the carriage into the civil lines. There's a coffin with it, sr." Hogan-TYale smiled and handed two rupeesto c tlheba nd-sergesat, saying, " Write the date on the skull, will you ." If you doubt sths story, and know where to i go, you can see the date on the ekeleton. ut a don't lention the matter to the Whito HIutssars. I happen to know something about it, be- i cause Iprepared the drues-Isorse for hismanur- c rection. Ie old not take kisndly to the skeleton atall. Perhaps for brutal callotissness the crime which ls shocked Roaneville, the Kentucky ir town, has rarely bee equalled. Henry eow- e man was knocked down by his couein, Johnl g Bowman, whereupon the lIntter's sister, Topsy, cut ]Tenrr's heart outt with a bowie-kaife. p The rirl claimed the masn had insultoed her. f The dowry of the Princess Victoria, daughter W of tise ]?mpre.s Frederick and .fianesue of Prince 05 Adelphus Schasmburg-Lippe, will, it is sid, cc armount to f00,000,000 sarbs, or £000,000 ster- to ling. witll an adsli/osnal annual allowance of s 76,000 marks.. The Geriran Empero,. intends 3' to give his sister a special alinulr out of his th pwn purse. m 