AMUSEMENTS. IBSEN AND "A DOLL'S HOUSE." In view of the forthcoming production in this city of "A Doll's House," a brief survey of the career of its author may be given. Henrik Ibsen was born at Skien, South Norway, on March 20, 1828. His great- great-grandfather was a Dane who settled in Bergen; his great-grandmother was the daughter of a Scotch- man naturalised in Norway; both his grandmother and his mother were of German descent. At the time of his birth, his father was well to do, but when the boy was eight years of age financial disaster fell on the family. In his sixteenth year he was apprenticed to an apothecary at Grimstad, a small seaport on the south coast of Norway, where he remained for more then five years. His first writings were un- published poems inspired by the war in Schleswig and the Magyar revolt and a drama, "Catilina," written in the winter of 1848-49, published in Christiania early in 1850, and re-issued, in a revised form at Copenhagen in 1875. Only thirty copies were sold of the first edi- tion of this piece. In March 1850, Ibsen went to Christiania with the intention of studying medicine at the University. Here he lived, in dire poverty, with the friend who had paid for the printing of "Catalina," the "remainder" of which was sold for waste paper. In the summer of 1850 he wrote a one-act romantic play, "The Warrior's Grave," which was acted on September 26 of the year named, at the Christiania Theatre. He then helped to start a weekly newspaper, Manden ("The Man"), which existed for nine months only. A change in his future occurred in November 1851, when he was appointed "theatre poet" to the Norwegian National Theatre at Bergen. His salary was less than £70 a year but the post afforded him the opportunity of mounting plays by Shakespeare, as well as French pieces of the school of Scribe. Moreover, he was enabled to make a three months' tour to Copenhagen and Dresden. The acting of Hoedt in Copenhagen and of Bogamil Dawison in Dresden impressed him deeply. He saw both of these famous actors in the character of Hamlet. Ibsen remained for five years in Bergen, doing much literary work. His most important effort of this period was "The Feast at Solhaug," a romantic play in prose first per- formed on January 2, 1856. It was received with en- thusiasm in Bergen, and was afterwards applauded in Christiania, Stockholm, and Copenhagen. In the summer of 1857 he left Bergen for Christiania, where he was appointed "instructor" at the Norwegian Theatre. He married, in 1858, Susannah Duse Theresen, a step daughter of the well-known novelist, Magdalene Theresen. His life in Christiania was beset with annoyances literary and social, and his literary work brought him but little monetary gain. So that when, in 1864, the Government gave him a small pension he left Christiania for good and all. He pitched his tent first in Rome, then in Dresden, then in Munich, again in Rome, and, finally, once more in Munich, where he now re- sides. The first of his modern plays in prose, of which "A Doll's House" is one, was "The League of Youth," written in Dresden in the winter of 1968-9, and brought out, at the Christiania Theatre, on October 18, 1869, amid an almost riotous scene of pro- test against what was supposed to be its political ten- dency. The second and third representations were equally stormy, but, before long, the play was recog- nised as one of the classics of the Scandinavian stage. This modern series, which commenced with "The League of Youth," now numbers eight plays : "The Pillars of Society,' written at Munich in 1877, "A Doll's House," written at Amalfi, 1879; "Ghosts," written at Sorrento, 1881 ; "An Enemy of the People," written in Rome and in the Tyrol, in 1884 , " Rosmersholm," 1886, and "The Lady from the sea," 1888, both written in Munich. Ibsen's other works should also be enumerated. They are "St John's Night " an unpublished fairy comedy, 1853, "Lady lnger of Ostraat," a historical tragedy, in prose, produced in 1855, and published in 1857: "Olaf Liliekraus" a romantic play in prose and verse, 1857, "The Warriors at Helgeland," 1867; "Love's Comedy," a three-act satire in verse, 1862; "The Pretenders to the Throne," a five-act historical drama in prose, 1863; "Brand," a "satiric tragedy," in rhymed verse, 1865; "Peer Gynt," a "satiric phantasmagoria," composed in Iyric measures of great variety, 1867; and "Emperor and Galilean," a vast drama in two parts of five acts each dealing with the history of Julian the Apostate, written in Dresden and published in 1873. Various translations of Ibsen's prose plays have been published. The best edition is that which is now being brought out under the editorship of an eminent scholar and critic, Mr William Archer. This the authorised edition and the two volumes which have already reached this country contain "The League of Youth," "Theu Pillars of Society," "A Doll's House," and "Ghosts," all skillfully translated by Mr. Archer; "An Enemy of the People," translated by Mrs E. Marx-Aveling, and edited by Mr Archer; and "The Wild Duck," now rendered into English for the first time, by Mrs. F. E. Archer. The remaining two volumes will contain the rest of Ibsen's principal prose plays. A version of "The Pillars of Society" was prepared by Mr. Archer for the stage under the title of "Quicksands." It was acted once at the Gaiety Theatre, London, on December 15, 1880. The cast included Mr W. H. Vernon, Mr. Arthur Darre, Miss Fanny Addison, Miss Cissy Grahame, and Mrs. John Billington. "A Doll's House," also prepared for the stage by Mr. Archer, was first played at the Novelty Theatre, London, where it ran three weeks, on June 7, 1889. Miss Janet Achurch then acted the chief female character, Nora Helmer. Miss Achurch played the part, for the first tour in Aus- tralia, at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, on Septem- ber 14, last year. She will be seen in the character for the first time in Sydney at the Criterion Theatre on Saturday next. The remainder of the cast of princi- pals is as follows: Torvald Helmer, Mr G. S. Tither- adge, Dr. Rank, Mr Charles Charrington (the charac- ter played by him in London - he appeared in Mel- bourne as the husband, Helmer), Nils Krogstad, Mr. Herbert Flemming (acted by him in Melbourne); and Mrs. Linden, Miss Fanny Enson. There are some other parts- servants and children-but they are subsidiary "A Doll's House" is in three acts. One scene-a room in a flat in Chris- tiania-stands during the entire play. Prior to Mr. Archer's translation of "Et Dukkehiem," an adapta- tion of it was made for the English stage by Messrs. Henry A. Jones and Henry Herman, the authors of "The Silver King." Their version of it was called "Breaking a Butterfly," and it was produced at the Prince's Theatre, London, on March 3, 1884. Curiously enough, three actors who are well known to Australian play goers were identified with the production-Mr. G. W. Anson, Mr Kyrie Bellow, and Miss Lingard. The villain-the Nils Krogstad of the original-was played by Mr H. Beerbohm-Tree now the lessee of the Haymarket Theatre. Considerable interest attached to the first appearance in this city of Miss Achurch, in the character of Nora. 