RISEN FBOM THE GRAVE. ' AN EXTRAORDINARY CASE. Romances in real life are becoming so fre- quent now (states the " Standard") that we might be said in Melbourne to lead a sort of ideal existence, in which routine and proba-" bility were commonplaces too feeble for even ordinary consumption. One of the latest, ex amples of the "unexpected that always hap pens" is furnished in the history of a Mr. Patrick Bluett, a dairyman, of Williamstown.. O.ir readers have probably forgotten, in the exciting events of the few past weeks, that an inquest was held early in March on the body of a man found in the water near the Esplanade foreshore at Williamstown. Mrs. Margaret Bluett had been deprived of her husband Patrick for nine weeks, and, hav ing failed to fasten on to the identity of a body that had been [previously found, Mrs. Bluett went for the remains that were washed up on the Esplanade, and swore they were those of her late lamented spouse. The jury were almost convinced that it was the unfortunate Patrick who had gone to Davy Jones' locker, when some doubt arose, and the suspicions grew very fine and large when it was stated that Mrs. Bluett held an insurance policy on her husband's life for £300. There were some singular coincidences about the case, also. A ' woman at Fitzroy nearly identified the body as that of her husband, who was missing, but a strong confirmation in favor of Mrs. Bluett's as sertion was the fact that some keys found on the dead man fitted Bluett's milk cans. The inquest was adjourned, the body taken out of the grave, and ordered to be returned to the morgue. At the adjourned inquiry on March 14 the widow Bluett said she had not the slightest doubt about the identity. She recognised marks on the hand, knew the trousers and the under clothing, and said the corpse had Patrick's regu lar set of teeth, black hair, and full beard. Several witnesses swore it was Bluett; but the jury were so doubtful that they returned an open verdict, and specifically stated that there was no evidence to prove that the deceased was Patrick Bluett, Mrs. Bluett, however, pro- ceeded as if she were rid of the encumbrance of a husband. She did her duty by the departed, and held a beautiful wake over him, lashings of " potheen" being drunk to the memory of the drowned Paddy, and fervent wishes expressed for the good of his soul. Mrs Bluetts' solicitor, Mr. Marshall Lyle, put the usual advertisement in the papers asking for claims against the estate of the dead man, so strong was the testi money in favour of Patrick Bluett being dead that Mr Lyle was even hopeful of securing the insured's wishes ! The blooming young widow had attired herself in some becoming weeds; her grief at the loss of her first was changed to fond hopes of a second, when a change came o'er the spirit of her dreain. The other evening she was sitting with a friend enjoying a consolatory cup of tea and a mutual chat, when the apparition of the long-lost husband walked in. The ladies screamed, and were almost frightened out of their wits, but there was no need for alarm. It was no ghost. The identical Paddy himself had turned up, his full beared gone, but his "regular set of teeth" all there, and, beyond any doubt, it was the man Mrs. Bluett had re cognised so circumstantially in the Williams town morgue. When Ned Morgan, at Lani gan's ball, " tore his right leg from under the table," we are told that " ructions" ensued; and Mr Patrick Bluett's sudden appearance was so embarrassing that the conjugal harmony of the Bluett family was in danger of a very serious disturbance. Mrs. Bluett, how ever, was bound to acknowledge that the right man was in the right place; but the ques tion was what had he been doing during his prolonged absence ? This morning Mr. Bluett rcdivivus presented himself at Mr. Miarshall Lyle's office, and that gentleman, we believe, is going to make the errant Patrick give an account of himself. A warrant had been issued for Patrick's apprehension for deserting his wife, and Mrs. Bluett appeared at the court this morning to request that it should be cancelled. We understand that previous in cidents in Mr. Bluett's career bear striking analogy to his latest escapade. The aftair has caused great talk in Williainstown, where the parties are well known, and it will aflord food for amusement for some time. Arising out of this (writes our Melbourne correspondent) and the St. Kilda affair, the Chief Secretary has it under contemplation to have a trained medical specialist appointed, whose duty it shall be to carefully examine the bodies of all persons found dead in this way, and who shall also make the necessary post mortem examination for the coroner. 