TELEGRAMS. TASMANIA. ma *ni ow* wttinisMw.! HOBART. ' ' ^ '? ' Mat Si. The Ministerial difficulty is still trying attention, the general opinion beiagj that the matter cannot be allowed .tojtest^j without investigation. It tB presumed J that the question will, at a very early date, i receive the attention of the law officer's of the Crown. I For some time past the wharf laborers nave, wnen waiting for a Job to turn up,' to expose themselves to all kinds of Weather, there being nnrtiing in frha sheltOTjEor them on the wharves.,- (A mem* ber of the Marine Board 'has tak4ri the matter up, and it is just possible that some provision will be made to meet the case of these men. % T' w, i. - ' ? ? ? Mr V. Belbia, M.H.A, - emphStlcaUy demeg the truth of the minor recently that it was his intention to re sign his seat as member of the House of Assembly for South Hobart. t-' r lbe Orpheus Club went to Oyster iCove. on Saturday, in the s.s. Huan, and' nya a very successful concert in aid of tbe funds of Selby iT«tii At fit. DfcriH'l .I! ? ? 1— Oberlin Harris, head-master of Christ's College, was admitted to the office of deacon by His Lordship the Bishop, Canon Archer acting as Bishop's The service was conducted by the bishop, assisted by the Bev. T. Ghent. The sermon was preached by the Very Rev. the Dean, who spoke in a most impressive mannerot the necessity of the Church keeping up tbe ancient office of deacon, stating that as far back as within 10 years of the death of St. John, among the delegates going to meet St. ItmatiDS on bis wav tc% mavimintn was-adeaoon. The Holy Communion was administered by the Bishop. The service i was fully choral, and the music throughout was excellent, especially the anthem i ''Come Holy Ghost,' the solo portion of! which was sung by Mra W. Lovett, whose ! very sweet voice was heard to great ad- 1 vantage. I The annual missionary service was held I I **«?*««« vwueura vuis aiteiuoon. when the Bishop addressed the scholars of St David's parish for the first time. There ™ a large congregation present, and the Bishop delivered a most eloquent and in teresting address on missions generally, making special reference to missionary work in India and Africa. Suitable hymns were song, and at the conclusion of the eervicfe a collection was taken up in aid of the Mela nesin mission. It may be mentioned that the scholars of this parish support and educate a native youth is Melanesia for missionary work. Mr P. A Packer gave a free organ recital at the Town Hall this afternoon. There was a good attendance. The programme consisted of nine items by the principal composers, all of which were well re ceived. The City Band gave an open air concert in the Banacks Reserve during this after noon, which was most successful. The remains of the late Mr T. J. Crouch ware interred in the friends BoriaJ Ground this alternoon. The funeral cortege was a large one, and amongst tbe mourners were : —The Premier (Hon. P. O. PyBh), the Hons. N. J. Brown, W. H. Burgess, and other members of Parliament, the Mayor and aldermen, Government officials, private cdtirens, etc. The burial ground was thronged by a large number of people of all denominations who respected the memory of deceased. Prior to tbe coffin being lowered into the grave the Bev. S. T. Withington stated they were brought there that day to pay loving respect to the memory of the deceased, who, after having spent many yean servioe injphilanthropic objects— which benefitted his fellow-men— settled down to a life of peaceful tran quility, and passed away at a ripe old age. He urged those present to copy the life of deceased, which had been a useful and honorable one. Tbe Bevs. F. Ironsides and J. Walker also spoke of the memory of deceased in a kindly manner. The service was of a most impressive end _ mournful character. ' J 