BEATRICE. BY H. RIDER IIAG-ARD, AUTIIOR OP ." King Solomorn's .Aines," "Allan Quatcrna'ln," " Jess," '' S.ic,"' ".iMr. deeson's TWill," eo. P' [uILISuID Bi SPECIAL ARiANGSiBMNT.." OCHAPTEJI X.-(Continued.) ,ATDY IIONORIIIA MAKES AKRANrGEMENTS. Accustomed to observe, Geoffrey saw this instantly, and then glanced at the father. The old man was frightened; clearly he was afraid of rElizabeth, and dreaded a scene. He stood fidgeting his feet about, and trying to find something to say, as he glanced apprehensively at his eldest daughter, through his thin hanging Shair. Lastly, Geoffrey looked at Beatrice, who was indeed well worth looking at. Her face was quite pale, and the clear grey eyes shone oot beneath their dark lashes. She had risen, drawing herself to her full height, which her exquisite proportions seemed to in crecse, and was looking at her sister. Trasently she said one word, and one only, but it was enough. ' Elriabeth.' Her sister opened her lips to speak again, but hesitated, and changed her :·mind. There was something in Bea Strice's manner that chocked her. i ' Well,' she said at length, 'Syou should not irri,ate me so, Beatrice.' Beatrice made no reply. She only turned towards Geoffrey, and, with a graceful little bow, said: :' M r. Bingham, I am sure you will orgive this scene. The fact is, we ll slept badly last night, and it has ?not improved our tempers.' There was a pause, of which Mr. Granger took a hurried and rather iundignified advantage. 'U rUm, ah,' he said. ' By the way, Beatrice, what was it I wanted to say? Ah, I know-have you written, i,-mean written out, that sermon for "next 'Sunday? My daughter,' he :added, addressing Geoffrey in ex planation' umrn, copies my- sermons :'for me. She writes a very good S:hand-' i, Remembering Beatrice's confidence tias to her sermon-manufacturing func ;?tions, Geoffrey felt amused at her ? ather's anare way of describing them, u and Beatrice also smiled faintly as she answered that the sermon was ~ready. Just then the roll of wheels was heard without, and the only fly that Bryngelly could boast pulled up Snx front of the door. ?!:*' Here's the fly come for you, Mr. Bingham,' said Mr. Granger-' and, a. I live, her ladyship with it. E Elizabeth, see if there isn't some tea ready,' and the old gentleman, who p had all the traditional love of the lower middle.class Englishman for ?iia title, trotted off to welcome 'her ! Presently Lady Honoria entered tiihe room--a sweet, if rather a set mile upon her handsome face-and with a graceful mein, that became her tall figure exceedingly well. For, to Sdo Lady Honoria justice, she was one dof the most ladylike women in the iountry, and, so far as her personal appearance went,; a very perfect type &.of the class to which she belonged. iGeoffrey looked at her, saying to imself that she had clearly recovered her teniper, and that he was thankful Sfor it. This was not; wonderful, for ,iti is'observable that the more aristo i eratic a lady's manners are, the more S'disagreeable she is apt.to be when she is crossed. SWell, Geoffrey, dear,' she said, '; you see I have come to fetch you. I ~ iwas determined that you should not get yourself drowned again on your -;way home. How are you now?. l but I needn't ask, you look quite well ~again.' i;:' 'It is very kind of? you, Honoria,' said her husband simply, but it was d:oubtful if she heard him; for at the mimoment she was engaged in searching Sout the soul of Beatrice, with one of .the most penetrating and comprehen asive glances that young lady had ever Senjoyed the honour of receiving. There ?was nothing rude about the look, it w~'as too quick; but Beatrice felt that, q~uick as it might be, it embraced her i?2atogethor. Nor was she wrong. i- ' There is no doubt about it,' Lady IHonoria thought to herself, 'she is 0lovely.-lovely everywhere. It was Clever of her to leave her hair down it shows the shape of her head so Swell, and she is tall enough to stand iit. That blue wrapper suits her too. i.Very tew women could show such a ? figure as hers-like a Greek statue. I~ don't like her; she's different from i. most of us; just the sort of girl men : go wild about and women hate.' li: All this passed through her mind j:in a flash. For a moment Lady Honoria's blue eyes met Beatrice's grey ones, and she knew that Beatrice l~iked her no better than she did iBeatrice. Those eyes were a trifle Stoo honest, and, like the deep clear ??.waiter they resembled, apt to throw : up shadows of the passing thoughts ' above. ' False and cold and heartless,' \- thought Beatrice. 'I wonder lhow a man like that could marry her; and how much he loves her.' Thus the two women took each ;other's measure at a glance, each finding the other wanting 'by her standard. Nor did they ever change Sthat hastily formed judgment. It was all done in a few seconds : in that hesitating moment before the Swords we summon answer on our lips. T!: he next, Lady Honoria was sweep ?ing towards her with outstretched .:hand and her most gracious smile. :; 'Miss Granger,' she said,-'I owe ?. you a debt I never can repay-my dear husband's life. I have heard all S'about how you saved him; it is the -nos! wonderful thing-Grace Darling born again. I can't think how you could do it. I wish I were half as brave and strong.' 'Please don't, Lady Honoria,' said Beatrice. ' I am so tired of being thanked for doing nothing, except what it was my duty to do. If I had let Mr. Bingham go while I had the strength to hold on tb him I should have felt like a murderess to-day. I beg you to say no more about it.' SOne does not often find such modesty united to so much courage, and, if you will allow me to say it, so much beauty,' said Lady Honoria graciously. 'Well, I will do as you wish, but I warn you your fame will find you out. I hear they have an account of the whole adventure in to day's papers, headed "A Welsh Heroine." ' ' How did you hear that, Honoria ?' asked her husband. 'Oh, I had a telegram from Gar sington, and he mentions it,' she an swered, carelessly. ' Telegram from Garsington! Hence these smiles, thought he. 'I suppose she is going to- morrow.' 'I have some other news for you, Miss Granger,' went on Lady Honoria. 'Your canoe has been washed ashore, very little injured. The old boatman -Edward, I think they call him-has found it; and your gun in it too, Geoffrey. It had stuck under the seat or somewhere. But I fancy that you must have both had enough canoe ing for the present.' 'I don't know, Lady Honoria,' answered Beatrice. .' One does not often get such weather as last night's, and canoeing is very pleasant. Every sweet has its salt, you know; or, in other words, one may be always upset.' At that moment, Betty, the awk wark Welsh serving lass, with a fore. arm about as shapely as the hind leg of an elephant, and a most unpleasing habit of snorting audibly as she moved, shuffled in with the tea- tray. In her wake came the slim Elizabeth, to whom Lady Honoria was intro troduced. After this conversation flagged for a while, till Lady Honoria, feeling that things were getting a little dull, set the ball rolling again. 'What a pretty view you have of the sea from these windows,' she said, in her well-trained and monotonously modulated voice. 'I am so glad to have seen it, for, yon know, I am go ing away to.morrow.' Beatrice looked up quickly. 'My husband is not going,' she went on, as though in answer to 'an unspoken question. 'I am playing the p&art; of the undutiful wife and running away from. him for exactly three weeks. It is very wicked of me, isn't it ? but I have an engagement that I must keep. It is .most tire some.' Geoffrey, sipping his tea, smiled grimly behind the shelter of his cup. 'She does it uncommonly well,' he shoughc, so Mmoolf. 'Does your little girl go with you, Lady Honoria ?' asked Elizabeth. ' WVell, no, I think not. I can't bear parting with her- you know how hard it is when one has only one child. But I think she would be so bored where I am going to stay, for there are no other children there; and, besides, she positively adores the sea. So I shall have to leave her to her father's tender mercies, poor dear.' 'I hope she'll survive it, I am sure,' said Geoffrey laughing. 'I suppose that your husband is going to stay on at Mrs. Jones',' said the clergyman. 'Really, Idon't know. What are you going to do, Geoffrey? Mrs. Jones's rooms are rather expensive for. people in our impoverished condition. Besides, I am sure that she cannot look after Eflie. Just think, she has eight children of her own, poor old dear. And I must take Anne with me; she is Effie's French nurse, you know, a perfect treasure. I am going to stay in a big house, and my ex perience of those big houses is, that one never gets on at all unless one takes a maid. You see, what is everybody's business is nobody's busi ness. I'm sure I don't know howyou will get on with the child, Geoffrey; she takes such a lot of looking after.' 'Oh, don't trouble about that, Honoria.' he answered. 'I daresay that Effioe and I will manage some how.' Here one of those peculiar gleams of intelligence which marked the advent of a new idea passed across Eliza beth's face.. She was sitting next her father, and bending, whispered to him. Beatrice saw it and made a motion as though to interpose, but before she could do so Mr. Granger spoke. 'Look here, Mr. Bingham,' he said, 'if you want fo move, would you like a room here ? Terms strictly mode rate, but can't afford to put you up for nothing, you know, and living rough and ready. You'd have to take us as you find us; but there's a dres sing-room next to my room, where your little girl could sleep, and my daughters would look after her be tween them, and be glad of the job.' Again Beatrice opened her lips as though to speak, but closed them without speaking. Thus do our op portunities pass before we realise they are at hand. Instinctively Geoffrey had glanced towards her. He did not know if this idea was agreeable to her. He knew that her work was hard, and he did not wish to put extra trouble upon her, for he guessed that the burden of looking after Effie would ultimately fall' upon her shoulders. But her face told him nothing; it was quite, passive and apparently in different. 'You are vtry kind, Mr. Granger,' he said, hesitating. 'I don't want to go away from Byragelly just at present, and it would be a good plan in some ways, that is if the trouble to your daughters would not be too muchb.' 'I am sure that it would be an excellent plan,' broke in Ldy Honoria, who feared lest dif?iculties should arise as to her appropriation of Anne's services; 'How lucky that I happened to mention it. There will be no trouble about our giving up the rooms at Mrs. Jones', because I know she has another application for them. ' Very well,' said Geoffrey, not lik ing to raise objections to a scheme thus publicly advocated, although he would have preferred to take time to consider. Something warned him that Bryngelly Vicarage would prove a fateful abode for him. Then Eliza beth rose and asked Lady Honoria if she would like to see the rooms her husband and Effie would occupy. She said she would be delighted and went off, followed by Mr. Granger fussing in the rear. 'Don't you think that you will be a little dull here, Mr. Bingham ?' said Beatrice. 'On the contrary.' he answered. 'Why should I be dull? I cannot be so dull as I should be by myself.' Beatrice hesitated, and then spoke again. 'We are a curious family, Mr. Bingham; you may have seen as much this afternoon.. Had you not better think over it ?' 'If you mean that you do not want me to come, I won't,' he said bluntly, and next second felt that he had made a mistake. ' I!' she answered, opening her eyes. 'I have no wishes in the matter. The fact is that we are poor, and let lodg ings-that is what it comes to. If you think they will suit you, you are quite right to take them.' Geoffrey coloured. He was a man who could not bear to lay himself open to the smallest rebuff from a woman, and he had brought this on himself. Beatrice saw it and relented. 'Of course, Mr. Bingham, so far as I am concerned, I shall be the gainer if you do come. I do not meet so many people with whom I care to associate, and from .whom I can learn, that I wish to throw a chance away.' 'I think you misunderstood me a little,' he said; 'I only meant that perhaps you would not wish to be bothered with Effie, lMiss Granger.' She laughed. ' Why, I love child ren. It will be a great pleasure to me to took after her so far as I have time.' Just then the others returned, and their conversation came to an end. 'It's quite delightful, Geoffrey such funny old.fashioned rooms. I really envy you.' (If there was one thing in the world that Lady Honoria hated, it was an old- fashioned room.) 'Well, and now we must be going. Oh! you poor creature, I forgot that you were so knocked about. I am sure Mr. Granger will give you his Mr.Granger ambled forward, and Geoffrey having made his adieus, and borrowed a clerical hat (Mr. Granger's concession to custom, for in most other respects he dressed like an ordinary farmer), was safely conveyed to the fly. And so ended Geoffrey's first day at Bryngelly Vicarage. CHAPTER XI. ]IEATRIOE MAKES AKN APPOINTMENT. Lady Honoria leaned back in the cab, and sighed a sigh of satisfaction. 'That is a capital idea,' she said. ' I was wondering what arrangements you could make for the next three weeks. It is ridiculous to pay three guineas a week for rooms just for you and Effie. The old gentleman only wants that for board and lodging together, for I asked him.' 'I daresay it will do,' said Geoffrey. ' When are we to shift ?' '~To-morrow, in time for dinner, or rather supper; these barbarians eat supper, you know. I go by the morning train, you see, so as to reach Garsington by tea-time. I daresay you will find it rather dull, but you like being dull. The old clergyman is a low stamp of man, and a bore, and as for the eldest daughter, Elizabeth, she's too awful-she re minds me of a rat. But Beatrice is handsome enough, though I think her horrid too. You'll have to console yourself with her, and I daresay you will suit each other.' 'Why do you think her horrid, Honoria ?' 'Oh, I don't know; she's clever and odd, and I hate odd women. Why can't they be like other women? Think of her being strong enough to save your life like that too. She must haue the muscle of an Amazon-it's downright unwomanly. But there's no doubt about her beauty. She is as nearly perfect as any girl I ever saw, thoughtoo independent looking. If only one had a daughter like that, how one might marry her ? I wouldn't look at anything under £20,000 a year. She is too good for that lumbering Welsh squireshe's engaged to-the man who lives in the Castle though they say he is fairly rich.' 'Engaged,' said Geoffery, 'how do you know that she is engaged?' 'Oh, I don't know it at alll, but I suppose she is. If she isn't, she soon will be, for a girl in that position is not likely to throw such a chance away. At any rate, he's head over ears in love with her. I saw that last night. He was hanging about for hours in the rain, outside the door, with a face like a ghost, till he knew whether she was dead or alive, and he's been there twice to inquire this morning. Mr. Granger told me. But she's too good for him from a busi ness point of view. She might marry anybody, if only she were put in the way of it.' Somehow, Geoffrey's lively interest in Beatrice sensibly declined on the receipt of this intelligenl. Of course it was nothing to him; ndeed he was glad to hear that she wls in the way of such a comfortable satlement, but it is unfortunately a Act that one cannot be quite as muclinterested in a young and lovely lady who is the potential property of 'lumbering Welsh squire,' as in on who belongs to herself. rr • (To be conti?ued& in 7Ved~saay's issue.) 