SOME GHuST STOEIE3. According to tho Now York Sua, n number of questions on spiritism and kindred subjects wcro recently submittal to certain prominent American citizens, with a request that thoy would supply a short original ghost story. Dr. Allan M'Luno Hamilton sonttho following story, for which ho, vouches : — CALLED, AWAY. I will toll you a truo ghost story, and one that sends a cold shiver through my friimo wbonovor I think of it. When I was in Shanghai, China, in 1878, in cotn pauy with Ling Look uud Yamudova '(wo woro then travelling under tho nanio of tho Royal Illusionists), one afternoon Chang, tho Chineso giant; Ling Look, Ynmndcva, sovcrai ship, captains, nnd I, drovo out on tbo Bubbling Woll road to tbo Hormifaigo, a sort of summer garden about four milos from tho English quarter of Shanghai,' aud whilo thoro wo all took part in a gamo of tonpins. Ono of tho captains, a burly Uorman, made a great many ten strikes by throwing tho largest ball in tho rack. Tliis roused Yaraodavn, and lio also attempted to throw tho largo ball, hut in doing so foll bnokhnd complained of a pain in tlio right breast. Wo drovo him hack to tho city and summoned nn English physician, who pro nounced it a case of ruptured muscles, nnd as- sured us ttmt tlio young man woum uo an rigiin in a few days. On the fourth day after the acci dent Ynmodova was apparently so much hotter that tho doctor said it would imperfectly snfo for him to go with lis to Hong Kong on tho steamship Kliivu, which was to lcavo that afternoon. Wo nil embarked, and about mid night on' tho first night out I was liwnkonod by two piercing shrieks of "Kcllitr I ICollar!" Thoso wcro the last wordn Yntnn- deva' over 'spoke, for wlicn I reuciied his cabin his head was lying in Ling Look's arms — ho was dead. The ship's doctor . said ho had burst a blood vessel. Tlio captain of tho steamer kindly consented to carry the body to Hong Kong, and tho ship's earponter miido a rough coffin, unil tho remains of our companion wore de posited on tho bridge. On tho ovening of tho second day, at about 0 o'clock, whilo tho ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Ling Look, Mr. Gray, of tho Hong Kong nnd Shanghai band, Mrs. Gray, a clorgymnn nnd I were ecntod on deck in tho aft, when suddonly thoro was a clear and distinct whistlo — ti-ta-tati-tati — suoli as our compuny used for tho purpose of recognition. Wo all wore very much astonished, nnd mure or less oxoitod.' Ling Look was vory much worked up, and exclaimed, " That is Ynmn- dova whistling," and nnswered tho call by our well-known -tioo-ti-ti ! This was imme diately nnswered by tho correct reply, ti-i-i-i-oo. Ling Look now gavo tho first call, ti-fai-ti'tuti-tati. This was immediately answered by tho invisible power witli tioo- ti-ti. The calls woro repeated by Ling soveral timos, and each timo thu correct reply catnc from tho uir abovo. The night wus clear and bright, and no ono was concealed on deck, as overy pltico yvns carefully searched. Tlio ship's officors at. first mode light of the affair, but - when tho whistling wise iqiuuwu) uuu jjuua nuuiu ivh them beforclmud what aaswci; to expect, they batamc as much excited as wo, and tho cap tain said it was tho most wonderful thing no had ovor experienced in his life. Ling Look in sisted on oponing tlio coffin to soo if Yuraa- deva was really dead, aud when ho viewed tlio body ho said, " Yamadeva is calling mo, aud I must go with liim." Poor Ling Look vyos tftkuu sick in Hong ICong and died in tho hospital thoro, and wo buried him beside his brother. Yumndova. . Tlioy are resting sido by aide in Happy Valley, the beautiful comotory of Hong Kong. 1 the I-IIAXXOJr pootojl. ' Dr. Daniel Grecnlcaf Thompson, president of tho Niuotccnth Century Club, supplied the following drcnin story of tlio Phantom Doctor : — I was spending, the summer, at Newport, whore I luid gone . to reoiiporate from the arduous' duties of my profession, whoa I mot a girl with, whom I fell dcspcratoly in lovo. Her name was Emily Gibson, uud thu fact' that slio not only ignored my oxistcnoo, hut that she was already engaged, to another man whom she evidently adored, did not in tho least oool the ardour of my pas sion. From tho first momont of our mooting I loved her as one loves onco iii a lifotimo, and I worshipped in secret. Though we lived iu tho same hourding- house— a pretty vine-covered. cottugo over-, looking the sen — wo rarely inct except nt ineal t imes. Emily nnd her betrothed, whoso name wna James- Jerome, usually waiulorcd off by. thcmsolvcH during tho daytime, leaving mo a prey to it (ioruo, consuming jealousy ; and in tho evening, while I sat upnrt, moody and disconsolate, vainly tryiug to fix'my atten tion upon u book, I could hear tho faint mur mur of their voices from .a retired corner of tlio verandah that overlooked tho rippling mooutuuehed ocean. Ono night, however, something occurred that caused my blood to riot irindly in ray veins, anil tlio recollection of which, oven now, sends a thrill through my entire being. It happened in this way : I had gouo to bed impressed witli that uouto, mysterious sensu of eomiug evil which soinetimca affects tlio most phlegmatic portions. Ireoollcot tlio intonso sultriness of tho nir, tho oppressive stillness, uud the gentle rhythmic swish of tho viator against tho cliffs below. I do not know how scon I fell iiglccp, nor how long I continued to sloop, but I was roughly awukened after a tunc by u loud nip at my door. Spring-, ing out of hod, I drew tho bolt mid inquired what wus wanted. To my utlor astonishment Emily stood beforo mo, her whito wrapper barred with yellow moonlight that streamed through tho shutter in the hall. Her hair, long, nud golden, was uubonnd and ilontod in shining ati'iiuds ovor hor shoulders. She appeared to ho greatly agitated, while ns for mo I was so ovorcomc by. 'iho unexpected sight of her there that I could feel my heart beat against the- panel wf tlio door on which I loaned.'' In a fow words sho told mo what was wrong; Her lover, Jorbmo, had boon taken violently ill. .1 was a; 'physician, an she well know. Would I ' como iit uucu oiid , givo mjr ' liasist- nnbb'F ' She had been summoned by ono of the housemaids', nncf Mrs. Gibson, Ismiiy's mother,' a semi-invalid herself, 'was already .stationed in tho siol: room. . Tho instant I ro- asKarodlior.sayluglwouldcoinciminedintoly she withdrew, viinisliiug down the corridor, a mooh-illumiiiutod; ghostly fiirure. and I honrd her descend to Hie floor below. Wlion, fivb'iniinitosi liitor, I reaelibd Jerome's iipuri> moiit, I found him suffering from internal pains of great violence, tlio'cimso of wliieh I was linablo to dotormine. Ho bccume quieter' after I had administered some morphine, and presently fell into a profound sleep. Exhily remained in the room, mid ns I wstohed' Jerome I.siiw that alio regiirded me intently,' ims-; pioiously. It: out mp to tho heart to think I y:as un object offl distrust to hor; but the mete fact of finding nivsolf eompani- tivolv iilouo witli her ut that' ailoat hour of 1 tho night intoxicated mo' ' with ipyi Whcu l. returned td'Tny ioim my pulso was hounding witli oxoitomeut. For some timo I tossed about, unable to sloop. When at lust repose numb I droainod u strimgo und horrihlo dream. I licnrd Emily's voice cull mo by jiiiine nnd summon mo to Joroino's clmmhcr. I rose nud dressod, und wont dowu tho croakiiigstniis to his dbor,. whiolil opened. Ho wuslvinirin bed, und 1' inysolf virii tehod beside hini. No one ohib was there. Oh, how I hntbd him mid 'how I loved 'Einily! How I loathed liia vcry prcsbneo ! A (!endii.h impulse cninb nver me to 'kill ' him— aii impulse ' thiit' inbiuenlnriiy grew stronger. My body stmtding on tho threshold saw my spirit' cautiously inbssnro a doia) of ' poison from a vial. Tlieh with blanched fuse I roso Jerome oil his pillow, and, forcing open his teeth, I gave him the deadly draught. Alook oSuuuttbrlihlo horror onrao into the sick inun'a faco-.-a look .1 shall ' nover forger. But fearful convulsions seized: hini. . .jib j writhed in 3guuy, aiid in a inomeut ; lay still imd rigidv ' A wild delight ; possessed mo. I- cried aloud imdawokb. .Good Gad,! put tofiiid' mysolf in bod at all, hut smudiugahi voting hi' thohuU 'wUli uu empty' vial olutohud iir ouo | hand,. aud. the oool, ..grcy.uccning erebping' through tho window. . . For a brief bji«co F was dazed, stoned, horrified yond mea sure. How camo. I .hero ? Gradually I recalled tho summons in the night, xno incidents, one by one,, camo hac" to mo. I remembered I had remained Mow not half nn hoar. Tho frightful dream rushed npon my memory- I know that I lind deliberately murdered J omen Jerome— murdered him bccauso I wanted tho woman ho loved, nnd whoso affection ho had won, for -mypolf. I had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of swoat broko out upon mo ns this awful truth becamo clear to my mmd. I shrieked aloud and mado a wild dash down tbo stairs to Jerome's room. Tlio faint grey light of tho breaking day fell directly across his motionless figure. I advanced with a. halt ing, staggering gait, and pcored into his face. It was ashen. My eyes glared in horrible apprehension as I placed ono hand upon his forehead. Tbo touch chilled mo from bond to foot like ico. Ho was doad, unmistakably dead. Thon I fled from tho room, and for a time know no more. I will pass ovor the hours of despcrato agony that followed. Suffice it to say that, although I fcol perfectly imsponsiblo for Jeromo's death, I yet knew instinctively that I lind murdered him- Tho empty viul, my unaccountable presoncc in tho hall, jay dream, all pointed to a shocking and loath some reality. I knew that on my soul rested tho burden of this horrible onmo. Then ciitno tho Hccond chapter in the tragedy. xh€ trouble and tho .cxcitomenc lnciuonu m calamity tliat had occurred iu tho house caused Emily to be utterly prostrated. I had not neon her , einco that fatal morn ing wlicn I awoke to find myself branded as . a murdorer. Liko a criminal I hid in my room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, despair. Thou I remember, 1 hoard that she, too, was ill, and that my professional services were required u second timo. The misery that took possession of mo know no bounds. . I was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. _ I shrank from tho possible path into which my other self — that hideous phantom of myself — might lend mo. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More doad than alive I found myself crossing tho threshold of that dimly-lighted room. Again I pre scribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All tlio timo my heart wont out to tho poor suffering girl whoso anguish I hud caused. I lovod hor more than over. . I rushed away, nnd onco more sought forgetfulness in sleep, find onco more I dreamed. I saw mysolf steal on tip- too nlong tho dusky corridor, starting hack affrighted whon I thought to hear a sudden footstep; then emerging boldly from tljo moonlight to the doop gloom of tho staircase, I passed on to Emily's apartment. 'Through tho opon doorway I saw tlio interior, red dened by tho lamplight that streamed in flickering rays into the entry. I myself, , or my double, spirit or flash, I know not which, ant by the sleeping girl, holding one of hor bands in mine. I stood rooted to tho spot as if fusoinatcd. I watched mysolf as a tiger gloats ovor its victim. My breath enrne in thick gasps as I saw mysolf rise slowly from tho bedside, and with an expression of devilish cunning pour something from a vial into a glass. I rinsea i.inuy in oca ana gavo nor uio iucui- ciiio. Sho bogan to struggle violontly, as if she divined my putpoeo. I held lior liko a vyco and forced tho liquid hotwoen hor lips. Slio choked, and turned upon mo a look of' abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gnzed with malevolont pleasure upon lior frightful death throes until thoy couscd. A dense obscurity fell upon mo liko a sable curtain let down, from abovo. I felt u sickening compression about my throat, and; I uwoko as beforo to find myself half- dressed on tho stuirs with an empty vial in my norvcloss hands. For tho second timo 1 had been guilty of uinrder, und tho woman I adored had been my victim. I knew tliut slio hud died by my hand. So it after- wurd' proved. Sho, was dead ; poisoned. In my own room the sun danced on tho floor- Tlio oloar day was advanced. Tho fresh salt air blow upon my fevnred tomplos. Outaido birds sang joyously amid tho trans parent giceu of tho trees.'. The seq, sparkled, like a- belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw i these things. Yet ono idea ifiona possessed me. I had killed two dofcncclcss beings. I had destroyed my own- soul. I was : damned hero, doomed to damnation for all eternity. My spirit appeared to bo slipping from my body ns a shadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled, with death. I licard mysolf uppaitl to God for mercy. I saw myself straggle madly. An icy chill camo over mo. 1 realised, tho fact tbut dis solution was imminent. My oyos woro as stone— sightless. My tongue olave to tlio roof of my., mouth. I gathered strength to utter ono heartrending shriok — such.a shriek nn might havo coino straight from Iho in nermost depth of Dull. And then auine a wondrous light and chiiugp- I was alouo iu my own room— not iu New- NT T ptt) iu il«W. XUIJt, . X \VU» IlOb tlio phantom doctor at nil, but mysolf, nnd, witli an exultant thrill, I discovered, that I was innocent, anil that all my fearful experiences hud been naught but .dreams within, dreams —visions wrapped about witli impenotrabio' and ghostly shades. . MAYING lilBI A COIU'SE.. Mr. Aloxnnder Wilder vonturech the fol lowing : — Among tho most brilliant of . tlio students at Dublin (Jnivorsity' some years ago was Walter Tiqrnuy- To a general adapta bility to tho Buionco of .medicine ho uddeil u coolness and norvo in tho uso of the knifo iu surgical operations that made him- tho pride of tho family and the envy of his fcllow- stiidenls. Izi course of timo Tiornny," graduutod, receiving his diploma, aud in ii eumpotitivo examination which followod won-an-appohit- inent ns ur-sistaut Hurgeoii at ono of tho smallor Dublin hospitals. Ho filled this position with much, success, his one fault hoing an insatiablo ' thirst, for soioa- lifie investigation,' which led ,to- a prono- ucss to opcruto-' upon a patient upon tho' slightest provocation. 1 This, lionsivor, is,'ns ii rule, not regarded iis a vory serious fnult among tlio doctors, of q hospital staff, und Tiornny exposed himself to no very sovoro critibisin in. following 'out, ns lia- invariably did', tho maxim, of a certain famous medical lecturer : 11 When in doubt, 'always operate." One evening, somo months after Tibruay hud been , assigned 16 his post at tho hospital. a-uumljorL.of.fricads — rbia.. former. , fellow sttulents at tho uhivefbity— wore gathered in liu vnnm Tpkni _\\.f_ i»__ . I. 4-vw/, "flu. uaiony ocoupica m snping lemon pmich and chaffing filornuy to thoir heart's oontont. And what do you think was tlio subject of their ohaffi' .Tiuit this: Tho death of a woinnu uudor tho knifo, with Tiornny us the surgioal operator 1 Ah, my frionds, hospital pructico blunts, tho feollngs' and makes men. pretty callous . Tho hospital surgcou comes to regard human flesh us simply so much ligumont and fibro; lmman bone is simply so much omoous tlebue. . rnA m tbo oqho reforrod toiby Iiornay s friends were about as follow :--A woman In itu advanced slate of illness', had breu admitted to the hospital. There were oortiuii eoinphuttfaons in her ease which londored it a most iuterestiug one from a modicnl stiind))umt. When the climax oh tiio it was evident that she could not survive, and, well-to put it bluntly — ifc was 0 , arced that, m tho interest of certain i. people . data, -fiisrnay hud performed a «CCa'TheUa "S ff0 was still alive. _ I lie iiMviuhleJ. company listened with great interest to tho niediral points gleaned J0C08Q V61U OH 44 tho VinfJiii j!"?. , lib would hot' dure Ko ttl toF -tll,at hasc'mimt ih tho' litnitel S -the 'tho poor "victim" lnyL'udslV i7 f bo»5o tho empso. Jmtas L he WUH to 1 ISO. St Bid oini fV , ,trutk 1 -.- '- ' . - th» corpse, and repeat, eolcmnlr, three times m succession, " I command you to anso . . . Ticrnayat first ndioulod tho preposition, but tho challenger persisting, hs flnaUy accepted tho wager. ' # Ho repaired to tho morgue, took his seat besido the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in tho dim light began rending a newspaper. At last tlio sound of thojig hospital clock was hoard tollmg out tho zmd- 111 Tiernuyrose from his chair, and, truo to tho conditions of his wagor, stood over the eorpso. " I oomraand you to nnso . What was that? Really he could liavo sworn that tho body had moved. Nonsense I Was he n man of aoience, or an ekl woman with weak nerves ? Onco more liis voice rang out, louder than before _ 4 X command you to onao ! ' Horror uponborror ! There could be no doubt of it this time. Tho corpse had plainly stirred. With blanclied face ho tore bpclc tho sheet. No, no— it could not havo boon I ' ' I command you to arise ! " As tho words rang through tho narrow apartment tho corpse sprang holt upright, the eyes dirfended, the long blnckhair falling in matted streams about tho ghostly face. With aconvulsivo movement the arms shot out, as if to oncirelo him who had summoned; " tho victim" back to life. Two minutes later, whon Tiernay's frionds hurst in tlio room, thoy found him babbling ii f fhn fortf, of fb A (11)17180. His reason was gone .; ho was an idiot. Had the poor "victim" claimed her re venge? Had she- beon momentarily .gifted with tho power to confront her scientific murderer? , . , ; No; there wna no such sensational re tribution as this ! 'After oil, I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost storios must be spoiled if you search dooply enough until you get nt tho truth. Tiornny was 'simply the victim of a praotical joko, torrible in its results. His guests had contrived' to eonnoot n galvanic battery with tho eorpso, and hod thus at a oritical moment gnlvaniecd it into life. Owing to sovore study, -Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, nnd tho awful results de scribed followed. 