POPULAR SCIENCE. Ay- epidemic known as the "daggeian fever," recently broke ont in Athene, Greece. It is ako known as tho "dengue" or " dengy " fever ; which name is said to have come from the West Indies, where the negroes call it "dandy fever,-' owing to the stiff attitude to which it temporarily con demned the patient, which ncme was brought to Europe by Spaniards, modified into dengy.". It is rarely latal, hut spreads very rapidly. The first symptoms are intense redness of face, neck and handB, frequently accompanied by an eruption. The patient then feels violent headache, darting pains in the eyes, and bumming in the ears; be cannot woik, shuns the light, and eleep cannot be obtained. Gradually other parts )of the body are attacked, till the disease eettlss with special vehemence in the. legs, especially in the knees. The crisis comes within three to eight days, after which, with good medical treatment, the patient recovers in four or five days, but generally remains feeble for two or three weeks longer. Pei f. Adametz, of the School of Cbeese- manuiacture at Sornthal in Switzerland, in the course of his finvestigations into " case ous pathology," has succeeded in isolating no fewer than nineteen species of microbes in one kind of cheese, and that in the fresh state. For every ounce ot this he found bacteria numbering from flO,< 00 to 140,000, and these multiplied to more than 800.000 in a seventy-dayB' cheese. In the soft cheese the microbes were still more numerous. ' — i'ior. Adamsts 5roi;d- OffiOOO in one ounce of a 34 days' cheese, and 2,000,000 in a 45 days' specimen. These were found in the 1 interior parts of the cheese. On tbe rim he calculated there were from three to five mil lions for every ounce. By a aeries of in genious experiments tbe same pathologist demonstrated that tbe arrest by antiseptic substances of these micro-organisms pre vents the cheese from maturing. The speed of fishes is almost an unknown quantity, it being very difficult to measure. Estimates of the speed of fish are only approximated, and more or lees founded upon guessing. One can tell, however, at a glance whether a fish is built for speed or not. A fast fish looks trim and pointed, like s yacht. Its head is conical in shape, and its fins fit down close tu its body, like a knife- llide into its handle. Fish with large heads, bigger than their bodies, and with short, stubby fins, are built for elow motion. The predatory fishes, those that live on prey, are the fastest swimmers. The food fishes are, as a general thing, the slowest, and, consequently, are easily captured. The Spanish mackerel is one of the fastest of food fishes. Its body is cone-shaped, and is as smooth as burnished metal. Its speed 1b no uibvs,uit:oo no iiuiri ui tuc uuipuiUf aliuf iu motion, it cuts the water like a yacht. scientific investigation reveals the fact that-, under a variety of titles, alcohol exerts its influence as the potent body of the various liqueurs eo common in Europe and Australasian colonies. These contain, it is true, other ingredients of more or less stimu lant character ; but they owe their highly in toxicant qualities without doubt to the pre sence of a large percentage of alcohol. A fact which is not so generally known, has, however, been brought to light in some recent returns, which prove that such ap parently harmless compounds as " bitters " and " tonics " are also commonly alcoboiio in a high degree. Samples examined have revealed the presence of alcohol to an amount varying from 20 to over 40 per cent. Of tbe legion of adulterations more or lees poisonous which have been from time to time introduced into intoxicating beverages our space will not permit us to speak. In the introductory lecture to the agricul tural class at the University of Edinburgh, delivered at the opening of. the present session, Prof. M'allacs chose as his subject ' some aspects of Australasian agriculture. In this lecture. Prof. Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with the flock masters of Australia. xnere are iuu,uuu,uuu Bneep in .Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by tne wav, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. Prof. Wallace hazards the opinion that, before many yeare have passed, Aus tralia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. He makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in flavor and texture to the best Highland, Welsh, or South Down mutton. Upon these two assumptions he foretells calamaties to the meat producers of his country which his countrymen hope he will not live to see. A ?SINGULAR Asiatic people called the Akas, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is made to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, j when he has been struck by one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying-place, his soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretch- ing a string across the stream that divides the grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given him. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the ; Italian meteorological stations, are described j as being of a very simple nature, tbe one : consisting merely of an iron rod. about five ! inches long, leaning slightly against an ad- j ju stable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cop. When a 1 Ebock or tremor occure, the rod falls away j from its support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. I n tbe other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever ar rangement. which stops tbe mechanism of a timc-picce. showing when the CRrthqu.-!;-. s.bcck oEcmrcd. I'u.-.T.-.i.r.ii'H-: have hiU-lr b-fn tak-.R ft --he imer«'2tii!£ ol2 a-i-roaoipicai icsiri:- jjjents at the Fekin Ob«""-vatory. These in- cfy Btruments are the most -ncient of the kind JjjF' j0 tbe world, having iw-n made by order of the Emperor Kublai K:ian in the year 1272. SSpf;, - Tbey are exquisite pieces of bronze work. SfS;-" slid are in splendid condition, although they mjgi r . . have been exposed to the weather more than. ft-J - . tOO years. Tiir number of nersona who have died within a few months in Great Britain from the administration of chloroform fcy dentists and surgeonB, is rather startling. In each case reported it is stated that do fault could be imputed to tbe professional gentlemen who administered the chloroform. This sounds a gond deal like the phrase, " no blame attaches to tbe guard," which if bo common in this country in the account of railway accidents. Workmen in metal, who get particles of iron and steel in tbeir eyes, are now relieved by the application of an electro magnet, which draws out the fine particles with admirable celerity and neatness. Mteel or iron slivers are also drawn from the hand, or other parts of the body, by an electro magnet. Germ in subjects are vaccinated in the ea-Jy months of life, again on attaining the age of 12, and all males a third time on entering upon their term of compulsory service in tbe army. Vaccination is al- ! ways done with calf-lymph— never frcm arm to arin. " The lion and the tiger, and indeed most of the carnivera, do not grind their food , using their jaws only np and down, the molars ac< n i like chopping knives, or rather scis sors- Their mcuths are a veritable bash mill. 