LUCINDA SHARPE ON STRIKES. IT is strange how much alike the varigated races are to one another. In India, somewhere, if you wrong a man very much indeed he just comes along with his swag and camping at your door starts cheerfully in to starve himself to death. That's what they call sitting “dharma,” and the man who has been sat on is considered eternally disgraced and doomed to be chased is the spirit world by the vindictive ghost of the gentleman who has dharma'd him. In Japan, when one knight of the olden time wanted to serve another the very worst way he called his family together and deliberately ripped himself up, knowing well enough that custom would compel his enemy to do the very same thing. Among the English-speaking lot, if workmen came to the conclusion that they are being humbugged more than usual they do very much ditto. They go out on strike, fully satisfied to suffer them- selves if in any way the other fellow suffers also. And don't call them fools ! What else are they to do? Of course it is very wicked to disturb trade and all that sort of thing, and it is likewise very hard for the innocent people who are disturbed and injured. A neighbour of mine was bewail- ing the strike that's on now the other day: “Times were so hard,” she said, “and just be- ginning to pick up, and now things will be worse than ever. These unions ought to be stopped, they’re going to far.” “Why ?” I asked. “For striking like this. Why did they strike? Why can't they arbitrate ? I'm sure they needn't have struck. And now I have to pay more for every- thing. My husband says it’s just killing business and will ruin half of us.” “It's very bad,” I allowed, “But why not blame the companies ? It's altogether the way they've acted that's made the whole trouble.” “I don't know, I'm sure,” replied my friend; ”But everybody says that public opinion is against the strikers, and that they're going too far. I think they might think a little of business people and not be so selfish, upsetting everythii^ « because they can't get just what they want.” Now, she was “public opinion,” a very fair sample of It. She didn’t think very much at all but just took “impressions.” Of course the companies hadn't acted right, but the strike interfered with business, and wouldn't let he have quite as good a time as she otherwisw might have had. Ergo, the strikers were in the wrong and the unions were going too far, and the ”business people” were heroic for rushing in to handle cargo. As if there was anything heroic in getting blisters on one's hands and cricks in one's back and aches all over just to help people who'd got into a hole through work- ing their officers 50 hours at a stretch. A strike is bad, of course, particularly from a woman’s point of view. Yet strikers’ wives generally endure without a murmur. One striker's wife told-me yesterday that she'd rather have a strike for a year than her husband at sea in a single storm. “Thim companies think that min are bastes altogether,” she remarked ener- getically—and her “man” wasn't going to be a “baste,” not very much. And isn't the striker's wife right when she cheers the striker up and helps him to be patient ? What else can he do to be aman but strike ? There is nothing he can do if the com- panies refuse to be reasonable, and think they can do just as they like still. She feels he is rtght, and he is doing what she respects him for doing, no matter how many better-off people scold at him because he doesn’t give up just to oblige them. And she would rather suffer and starve and lose everything than for him not to be a man. And if the strike pinches them it pinches the rich companies as well. That is the fun of sitting dharma in India, and ripping your- self up in Japan. It hurts the other man, too, don't you know, and when you can't get to jar him any other way what else can you do LUCINDA SHARPE. 