SPRING BAY. I [soon a cobbcsfondbnt.] { At the police office on Wednesday, 13th inst., before the Warden (Mr. W. Lester), and Messrs. Mace, G. Pitt, and Bernacchi, J's.P., James Crossen was charged with assaulting Mary Mansfield at Maria Island. Defendant pleaded not guilty, part objected to Mr, Bernacchi occupying a seat on the Bench during the hearing of the case. The Bench over-ruled the objection, and the case proceeded. Witnesses for the present Mon were Mary Mansfield, Michael Leahey, and Charles Morley for the defendant, William Jameson. The evidence disclosed a case of practical joking of the ghost kind, and defendant was fined £2 and costs. The Court of General Sessions also sat on the 13th inst. Present The Chairman (Mr. W. Lester), and Messrs. J. C. Turvey and Bernacchi. Ford v. Dodge Citi £4, balance of account. Defendant pleaded set off, one tub of butter 801. at 1s. per lb. Plaintiff gave evidence of claim, and said that as regards the tub of butter, in April last he had a message from the Victory that a tub of butter had been landed on the jetty for him. He. had not ordered any, and was not aware of any being sent him. It was not in his store, and some time after he had a note from defendant saying that he had forwarded time. Not wanting any then, he put it in the store for about two months. When he went to open it he found it was all blue mouldy and bad butter. He wrote for defendant to come down and ice it. Defendant came down, and then be told him that the butter was of no use to him. Defendant at first admitted that the loss was a bad one for himself, but subsequently said that as the plaintiff had possession of it he would make him pay for it. Thereupon he had called the attention of the Health Officer to the butter, who stated that it was not fit for human consumption, Hence he proceeded to recover from defendant the amount he (defendant) had stopped from the account for the tub of butter. Defendant's wife and Health Officer corroborated. Various documents were produced, and Mrs. Johnson, defendant's mother-in-law gave evidence for defendant. The Bench having retired for some time, brought in a verdict for defendant. Mitchelmore v. Salmon adjourned to next court by consent of the defendant through illness in the plaintiff's family. The court then adjourned, Mr. Montgomery's report on the coal- fields of Spring Bay and Buckland is now being looked for as a most important document. A very pleasing and interesting ceremony took place in, the Council-chamber oa'Huu day, August 17, viz., the presentation of a bible and hymn book to the Rev. A. T. Thompson, of Swansea, who holds monthly services here. There was a large attendance on the occasion and at the close of the morning services, the Warden, Mr. W. Lester, came forward and stated that he had a very pleasing duty to perform on behalf of the subscribers in presenting their pastor with a Bible and hymn-book, in recognition of his services and zeal since he had been in the mission, etc. The inscription was :-" Presented to the Rev. A. T. Thompson, on behalf of the children of the district of Triabunna, for his labour of love and truth, August 17, 1890." Both the books were elegant specimens of printing and binding, and were a credit to the donors and recipient, not forgetting the one who under- took the task, and who must have felt gratified at the result of Tier labours in seeing such a large assemblage around her on Sunday to join her in the consummation of her labours. When one remembers how difficult it is at any time to collect money for a religious purpose, it certainly must be considered a triumph for Mrs. Morey, of Mount Murray, to show a subscription list of 75 subscribers, all paid up. The Rev. A. T. Thompson returned thanks in a feeling address, thanking particularly Mrs. Morey, the Warden (Mr. Lester), and the subscribers for their kind gifts, and spoke generally of the kindness that he had received in the district since he had come amongst them, and he hoped it was the precursor of many pleasing scenes amongst them. Hobad certainly not expected this demonstration of their goodwill after so short a residence amongst them, and was much affected by it ~ There would have been a larger attendance than what there was, but it was the day of the Rev. Mr. Root's visit to his flock, -so that the services were held at the same time. It has been suggested that if a mutual agreement were made to prevent the services from climbing, it would be to the advantage of both as well as giving greater facilities to their congregations for hearing the voice of truth, a consummation devoutly to be wished in this country. August 19 i 