ECHOES. The "Musical World" tells a good story of Mr Theodore Thomas, the famous American conductor. A prima donna telegraphed to him one day for a list of the works to be performed at a forthcoming fesrival. Mr Thomas hastily scrawled the words " Messiah," " Crea- tion," " Redemption," " Damnation," and gave the reply to the messenger. A few minutes after the boy returned to say that the operator could not send such a dreadful message ; and not until Mr Thomas had added " of Faust" to the last title was the offending message allowed to go. The " Scots Observer" is reviewing some Scotch ghost-stories. The scene of one of these is laid in a country house in Fife. Here, on her way downstairB 1 3 dinner, a visitor slooped to pick np something from the floor. When she looked up again it was to Gee a lady, richly dressed and very handsome, emerge from a short flight which opened npon the chief landing, and hurry down the great staircase. She made room with a bow, and as the figure passed ber by she remarked the evil smile upon it3 lovely lip. Neither at table nor in the drawing-room did this stranger reappear; and as this was so, the seer told what she had seen to her hostess, who put the subject by, and did not return to it till one day when she and the other were going over tbe house. Among other rooms they looked into that one from which the lady had come. The walls were lined with family port-raits, bnt one place was vacant, and the pic ture that should liBve filled it stood face inwards on the floor. Said the mistress of the house : " It is the portrait of one who brought disgrace upon the family. This UBed to be her room." Then she turned the picture, and behold ! it wsb the very face and form her guest had seen upon the stair. As a contribution to correspondence proceeding in the columns of the " Times" on tha subject of short ser vices and sirmons, the following is sent : Recipe how to compose a sermon, by Dr Salter, Master of the Charterhouse, 1761-1777 : " BOme scraps ont of the beBt books you have ; weigh them, and sift them thoroughly, then divide \ them into three parts, for dividing them into more is geneinlly thought to crumble them too much. Work these well and handle them nearly, but neither mince 3ior caop thaaa. Season the whole with a due proportion of salt, put in nothing that is too hard or difficult to digest, but let all be e'ear and candid;; it shonld have some fire, for thai will raise it and prevent it being heavy. You must garnish it with a few flowers, but not so thick as lo hide tho sub stance. Take eare it's not overdone,, for, I as it is the last thing served up, if it is not inviting some of tbe company may not taste of it. Iu a hard ftosfe or ex treme cold weather it should be done iu twenty minute?, in more temperate weather it may lak-i h 15 an hour. If i is done in a quarter of aa hour it is fit- I for a king.'' _____ 