B|i«. H. R. flarwood. " Ono mail in his timo plays many parts." It would indeed bo difficult in the past and private history of the stage in Australia, or elsewhere, to find an actor so thoroughly versed in histrionic art as Mr. H. 11 riarwood. Gifted with.a good voice, figure, mobile features, and strong elocutionary powers, Mr. Harvvood was seldom misplaced in any cast, and to him may bo fairly applied the words of l'olonius, that. •• feencea cannot be too heavy, nor Plautus t'„o light." As a rule young actors having found by experience the range of parts best suited to their peculiar idiosyncrasies, adopt what is technically known as " a line of business," but by enumerating a few of Mr. Harwood's many character's, it must be concluded that fox* absolute and artistic versatility lie stands alone. Selected from a long list that would fill many columns, may bo men tioned his Mazoppa and Dick Turpin in equestrian drama, harlequin and clowix in pantomime, Macduff, Richmond, Holofernes, Lconato, Dogberry, Enoburbus, Aegoon, Ghost and l'olonius iix Shakspearo, Mo Davis, Sam Dokcr, and Michael Fecnoy in Boucicaultian plays, Count Karatof, llawdon Scudamoro, Chateau Konnrd, Henri do Sartoris, and Geoffrey Delanxaquc, in modern 'drama, Cabriolo, Lc flue dclla Yoliia, Marquis Poixtsabio, and King Laurent iix comic'opcra, and latterly Gregory 'Grumbleton, and Uncle Cattornxole in farcical comedy. 'Except in two instances these have all been original conceptions of cixaractcr, not replicas of European 'actors, to bo imported as occasion served .-to America or the colonies. Mr. Henry llicliard Harvvood was born in London on October 19, 1830, and was brought up to his father's business of builder and contractor. Serving his " apprenticeship in tho firm of Wixxsland 'and Holland of Bloombury, lie attained tho position of clerk of works in their establishment, but thinking to better himself ho left England for Australia, and 'arrived in Melbourne in Juno, 1S52. For throe years ho continued his occupation as builder and contractor, but his strong love of tho stage prompted him to adopt a theatrical career, and in 1S55 Mr. Harvvood made his first appoaranco as Flavius Corunna in " The Fall :of Tarquin,'' at the Victoria Thoatro, Sydney, then Sunder the management of Mr. A. Torning, during Mr, G. V, Brooke's first Australian season. From playing S utility parts, Mr. Harvvood became prompter, and ;after a few months, was promoted to juvenile business while on a tour through Tasmania and Now Zealand. !On his return to Victoria, Mr, Harvvood, after a circus season in Gcclong, joined Mr. G. V. llroolce,Who olfercd lxim a Melbourne engagement, and in 1857, Mr. Harvvood made his first appearance at tlxo Theatre ;lloyal, Melbourne, as Pistol in The Merry Wives of | Windsor. Thenceforward his exceptional ability soon brought him into a prominont position. Enter ing into management in 1SG7 with Messrs. Lambert, i Vincent, Bollair, Stewart and Hennings, for, some years jho X'omainod the head of the Thoatro Royal, Melbourne, [and it is in this respect that his famo will go down to posterity, for it was through his aotivo efforts that so imany excollont actors and actresses wero persuaded to iloavo England for Australia—actors and actresses bo. lit romarked who have never boon surpassod and seldom .equalled by tho poiformors of the present day. Tho 'extraordinary notion; that modem productions aro so •rauoh rnoro brilliant than tlxoso of a score of years ago, jlxas no foundation in fact, for'old playgoers will ro 'mombor the original' productions of Man and (Wife, Now Magdalon, Julius Giosar (with ithroo comodians in the :mob alone), and Mid summer Night's. Dream, by a , east .that, in cluded amongst others, Jofforson, Lambert, llobort; .Eyre, Harvvood and Stewart, and it is questionable ■whothor in tlxo history of tho-Au'strallan stage we will ovor sue sueli iv constellation again. An early incident iiuM.iv Harwood's earoor oeeurrud in IS5G at Lannoos |ton, when, performing with Mr. .and; Mrs. Stalk'from. jAmerloa. . Mr, Harvvood. had, boon oast for and ro« diuarsod three parts in Maobuth, vi/. !—Duncan, Ifuoato jCwith songs), aud Rossie. . These, Jxovvovor, did, not 'satisfy tho-1stax's, i who sought to ooinpoRhiin also' to sustain one of the ollloorayiu the final soonos', > Money ' ixind engagements being suaroo,' ho submitted, but at might when .than Tlxano turned savagely i and: dubbed dxim " a lily liverod boy," the audionao roared at'tho incongruity, for the indignant young performer had a faco as red as a, turkey- cock, and stood dciiant as a gladiator. Of course, lie afterwards apologised for his shortcomings, as in duty bound, for however small the part may bo, an actor has no: right to trifle with or misinterpret it. Perhaps the happiest time in this popular actor's career was at Gcclong early in 1857, when playing equestrian load with his old friend, Mr. G. E. W. Lewis, then proprietor of a circus, superior in point of magnitude and talent to many of the pre sent day. Mazeppa or Dick Turpin at night, and a grand mounted parade • with band wagons * and entire company through town and suburbs by day, winning, the admiration/of all the tag-rag boys of the town, Mr. Harwood felt life to bo indeed pleasant. It was not all unalloyed happiness though, for Meadows, the theatre manager, also 'kept the hotel and included select board and residence for his.company, deducting, of course, a proportionate amount « of * salary for the same. Certainly, the food was wholesome and plenti ful, but although an ox heart stuiled, when served hot (and it was not always the ease there), is to many a palatable.dish, yet it oeeonies monotonous and cloying when provided every day in the.week; The rcason of this abundance was that Meadows..purchased 'tlie ox hearts at sixpence each, for in those days butcher's meat was cheap. Sometimes, it is true, the meals wero varied' by successive dislies of' kidnoys, bought by the bucketful for less than tho proverbial song ; however, as an empty pocket and a good appetite can digest a great deal, Mr. Lewis' company made tho best (and tho most) of the ox hearts and the kidnoys. As many experiences of " small audiences " have lately appeared in London theatrical Journals, Mr. Harwood's recollection of one of the very smallest audiences to which any company ever played, is worth rolating. This was when lie was engaged at the Oremorne Gardens Theatre; thon imder tho management of Mr. George Coppin. Some of our readers ; may remembur tho excellont company who appeared there—Julia Matthews, the Edouins (Koso, Julia, John and Willie), Dick and Fred Yoitngo, John Dunn, and his daughter iKosa, Eogors, Webster, Gordon, Harwood, ahcl(bthorsj •On tho occasion referred to, tho night was .-.very i .wild J and tempestuous, with tho rain descending in torrents. Not a soul had passed through the turnstiles, and tho barkeepers, waiters, and attendants, having no one to servo, entered the theatre and applauded everything • vociferously. With Mr, Coppin was dining a friend, Mr. Torrens, iof Adelaide, of laud act celebrity, and ibotli gentlemen, unable to account for the cheering [and noise on such a miserable night, loft their .walnuts [and wine, and passed into the dross circle.' All the (admiring employes wore ordorod out,, the doors closed ;and Messrs. Coppin and Torrens sat out the entire (performance of comedy mud burlesque, which was Iglvon as completely (knowing tho chief to be a martinet Jin business), as if the houso had boon tilled by a crowded land enthusiastic auditory. Subsequently, when ill (management together, Mr. Coppin remarked to Mr. tllarwood that it was (to him) the most expensive on ilortainniont ho hiid over witnessed. Dld spaco permit, .many columns might bo tilled with Mr. Harwood's (pleasant reminiscences of events that occurred during lids long roigU' of manager and actor. The ■following (Incident, however, is too good a joke to bo omitted, | During Mr, Frauk Thornton's iirst visit to Abstralia itlvc years ago, Mr. Harwood and Mr Thornton were in (Sydney, and one: night wero returning with their re pcctivc wives from "the suburbs by tram. Pockets were searched but pasteboard rim short.: As.on that particu lar section children wore carried at half-fares, tho col lector was duly hauded three tickets and a half, Tho pflioial demurred to accepting Thorritou as a juvenile, 'but Harwood insisted that liis "boy" was only ovcr jgrown. Thornton, putting on a (childish grin, appoaled jto liis " pa" (Harwood), but was orddrod to'koop still ; under heavy pains-and pcnalllus1 on reaching homo. .'Tho, collector looked .puzzled, but thoughtfully eon tinned ids, gathering, mission, now 'and'then glancing at the " boy," us if ho were mentally cogitating " Whore have X seen that face beforeMi'. Harwood, :who seldom appears now in public (more is' tiio pity), passes his time.veryrhappiiy, witli Ids charming little iwlfo, who, as Miss Doey,' Stewart,' will bo remembered : to all .tliuatro-gool'S ; as, ouu of thu brightest and cleverest all-round actresses 'tliat over', appeared in iAustralia, in a wory delightful residence at Kow '.•heights; ovurl olcing the entire Heidelberg viilluy and winding Yai'i'a Yarni, To describe tho view from tho (drawing and dining-rooms', can only bo'likened to (looking at tlie:. Cyeloraina- -without :• thu'1 soldiery—a porl'uot : panorama of hill and ; dale,' interspersed with ■ picturesque patches; ofhirablo and' pastoral lain I, It is I this loyoly. spot that' the lato'Lady' l lrasscy declin'cd to 'bo " among tho vivid 'pictures, hung- up Tor future eu joymoutTu the retentive chambers oil memory," The house ItscLII, " Moutrcux," is a , puluou in. miniatuio, Tilled with tho (rarest utul costliest art troasuroa In hooks, pictures, cUiua,, pottery, carvings,;which Mi'. Harwood hiis accumulated during his long uiul honour able career, 