Robber Bears at San Mateo;. By Nathan D. Urner. In the early days of the Colorado gold fever it would have been difficult to make the inhabitants of the little Mexican village of Puebla (now Puebla City) believe that Captain Vasco, the famous bandit chieftain of the San Mateo range, was not intelligently and efirfectually assisted in his successful de fiance of efforts to capture him, by all the bears, black, brown, cinnamon nrod rizzly, of the wild, wooded region and rockpied heights contiguous to his mountain fast Indeed, sharers in this seemingly absurd belief were not wanting among the soldiers and scouts at the neighboring fort; and there was. after all, some foundation in fact for the superstition. The bears had been seen mingling freely with the desperadoes in the thick of the fight, during the latst tand against the troopers, and contributing immensely to the victory. -On all-fours or erect, armed with enormous knotted branches torn from trees, or with only their claws pawing amid the deep snows of the higher precipices, and sending down avalanches upon the heads of the luckless assailants, their savage and phenomenal appearance had struck super natural terror to the would'be bandit exter minators, and caused the attack to be relin quished in panic and dismay. At least, such was the burden of the re ports, and there was enough foundation in these to afford room for any nomber of exag gerations, which the robbers were willing ennough to trn to their account. But it was reserved for maiden purity and Innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core. These qualities were combined in the per son of Iea, or Ieadora, Mahlana, an ignorant but very beautiful young blanket-weaver of Puebla, where the wreaper, or Mlexlican blankets, prodnuced by her old aunt Manela and herself were unrivalled for their dura. bility, the brilliancy of their parti.eolored stripas, or their dueks'.back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of course Isa had admirers in plenty, for she was as amiable as she was charming; but her favored admirer was Jim Scannell, a brave yonng hunter-scout in the military employment. One bright winter morning, as Ise was on her way over the mountain trail on her fleet snowshoes, and warmly muffled against the driving winds, she encountered her lover making his way to the fort, and carrying on his broad shoulders the carcase of a fat, black-tailed doe, which he had that morning shot at the salt-licks of the Blue Water Canyon. '"Which way, Isadf" he asked, his eyes dancing at the s;ght of her as he threr down his buorden for a love-chat that was always in order with him. "Not over Long Trail, surelyl" "Yes, Santiago," responded her delicions voioe--she mostly Spaoishised his givren name thus-" to my uncle's at San Felipe. We are out of red and grey wools, and they must be had or our loom will be idle." "To San Felipe i" cried the scout. "tYou must not go, Isa-astleast not nntil I can go with you." "I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look in her deep eyes told hew gladly she would have had his escort. "But it is madness, The trail skirts the worst fastness of Vasco and his band, and there's a chance of ta fight to-day. A squad set out to reconnoitre before daybreak, with half a regiment of Mexican volunteers to back them. Besides, you might meet some ot Vasco's bears." And he ended with a short laugh, thoogh earnest enough in his protest. sea gave a little shudder, but she was not wholly fearful. " I must go, Santiago, Vasco or no Vnace," said she, smiling. "And as for the bears, you forget that Captain Jose was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." Scannell's face grew troubled. He did not forget that Isa's "poor father" had been a robber- captain, into whose shoes Jose Vasco had stepped at the time of the former's violent death. Neither did he for get-still more maddening reflection i-that it had been cut and dried between the former bravo and his lieutenant that Isadora was one day to be the latter's wife. "Don't cross the Long Trail to.day," he persisted. "There Is always danger when Vasco is abroad. I am on dnty at the fort to-day, and to-morrow we make an attack on the outlaws. But aftesr that I can ao oompany you to San Felipe." " I am not afraid. Besides, I have no choice. We have seven blankets promised, our looms are idle for lack of the scarlet wools, and an old Manuela would be frantic were I to return without them. Good.bye, Santiago I" She turned up the mountain, and he saw she was not to be dissuaded. "What is the matter, dearest? Is that the way we separate 1" As she paused in pretended surprise, be sprang after her for the good-bye klu. Hardly had she struggled, laughing and blushing, out of his arms, before a dark faes -a handsome face, too, but just then dis torted with jealous hatred-peered out from an overhanging rock, and was gone in a flash. And then the young gIrl was springing away up the trail, kissing her hand merrily to her lover until he disappeared. The way to San Felipe was a good nine miles ever the mountains, and much of it through many of the wildest haunts of the robber-band. But the snow was well crusted. the deeper drifts eould be avoided, and Isa, who was well used to snow-shoe travelling, flitted, glided. or bounded swiftly along the route. with which she had been more or less familiar from her childhood, and with only an occasional timid glance about her, as she was paosing under Los Pines de Diablo fthe Devil's P'inesl, partly-forested, snowh-ehed steep, out of which the bears were said to issue at crltical moments in response to the robbhher.captain's summons. She reached her destination without mis hap. obtained her wools from the Indostrious Indians there, and, after enjoying a lIttle lunch, was on her homeward road, with re fr".hal strength and a hopeful heart. But she had hardly repaesed under the trowenln brow of the Devil's Pines, when there was alow call, in imitation of a coyote's yelp, from the thicket to her left. She stopped in terror as a powerfully hllelt, pictureeque ruffian made his appear ance. with a werning gesture, and Jose Vuser., the dreaded robber captain, was In her path. ' Daughter of my old comrade and can. tain." said he, with a smile, "'tie not long since we haee met, but you have grown lovelier and lovelier. You are sweeter than marriage.helle ontoa hope too long deferred, my flower I" lenders strove to appear Indifferent, thou''h too much terrified to speak. The last time she had met this man was nearly thres years before, at her fatbher' death.bed. Solemn words had then been said by hear father, pledging her as this man's fuiture bride. She even remembered him to bave compelled her to clasp hands with Jest across his body, while he muttered a seallng berncdictionwith his dying lips. But that was all. It was more like the recollection of a hideous dream than aukht She had hoped that Jose had either for' gotten all about the miserable troth.plikht, or would never cars to demand its fulot. meet0 Indeed, she never thought of him at all hut with a gsnUng ot horre t soa nr- ah. well might she turn pale and catch bar breath at the unmistakable meaning of those greeting words; at the fervent gaze of those gloomy and remorseless eyes I Angered at her scarcely-concealed rupul sion, no less than inflamed by her beoauty which was perhaps enhanced by her treplda. tlon--he lost no time in letting her know that he had forgotten nothing, but regarded her as frrevocably bound to him. "Why do you not speak to me, little one "' he at last exclaimed. "Shall you not be ready when I send to old Manuela for your hand, as I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troublesome blue.coats at the fort their final quletus ? Or do you con. template treaebery-disobedience to those death-bed vows l" And his brow darkened, while his teeth glistened like a wolf's between his bearded lips. Isa could still only clasp her hands and tremble. "Is it that I have a rival, girl f Speak, I say I" "No, no, no Ah, of what are you think ing, Jose 1" And she stammered forth other evasions, more or less incoherent. He interrupted her with a diabolical laugh. "What a poor little deceiver you are l You should take pattern from your elders, or stick to the truth, Scannell, the Ameri can, is your lover. I witnessed your adieus -you were in his arms at the foot of the trail." In the midst of her confusion there was a look of astonishment that he well under stood. "And yet he died not in bhis tracks, with a bullet in his heart," he went on. " Well, your surprise in natural, my dear; for my carbine cnvered him,my Siner was on the trigger, but Ispored him. Would you know the reason I spared him, little one 1" She bowed her pale face. " Perhaps he has forgotten me; but he saveal my life once at the risk of his own. It was in a wild brawl at El Paso. He was both generous and brave. Jose Vasco never forgets." She breathed more freely, but his next words chilled her afresh. "But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambush ; but when the time comes he must give you p ordie. Those soldiers are fools. am impregnable here." He made a proud and comprehensive gesture. "Our fastness is inaccessible, and even the fierce bears, the savage beasts of the wilds, are our auxi liaries." This was said so simply that Isadora's last doubts as to the bear stories in current be lief were dissipated, and she viewed him with auer?liitiooel fear. Suddenly a bugle sounded from some where far up the heighti. nnd he started. "Hal it is the warning blast I" he ex claimed. " Can a fresh attack be medi tated " He tigbhtened his belt, which literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted the carbine that was slung behind his shoulder. "Come, I shall claim you in good seaon; but a kiss before e part." A kiss I and for him I She shrank back, appalled. He clutched her wrist, the evil light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. But at that instant there sounded a rattl ing volley from both abore and below the height, and she was saved the threatened kiss. "Good-bye I I shball claim you in good time." He waved his hand, springing among the slippery rocks with the celerity of a moun tain goant, and disappeared among the trees. Then isadra, shrinking a little further from the open trail stood estill in n sort of fascination, for she had never seen an armed struggle, and one was in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climbed, swarmed the boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrohino enthusiastically on either wing. The robbers gallantly returned the volleys with irregular firin from the timber line, even hurrying down fearlessly to meet the charge. And the spell-hound girl could mark their leader in the van, no less bravely conspicuous than was the young West Pointer who encouraged the attack with his waving sword. A thrill of gladness filled the girl's veins as she saw the robbers beaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their re treat, while the disciplined soldiers and their allies slowly but surely followed them S'ot at this junctere the young girl wit nessed a sight almost incredible, notwith standing that her superstition might have in some measore prepared her for it. The robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places being apparently taken by troops of savage bears, which issued from the pines with ferocious snarls and cries,and at once set sp such a novel'form of resist ance and couter-atteck as filled the storm Ing party with terror and dismay. Erect, with massive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing amid the white drifts on all fours, or merely showing their formidable teethand brandishing their mighty claws, they began to loosen the clinging snow heaps and hurl them thundering down upon the assailants' heads with a force and pre cision truly terrific; and this was hut a mask for the bullets of their human allies, which at the same time began to rsin again, with more or less disastrous effect, from the cover of the copses in their rear. The soldiers had come to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded by the grotesqueness of it all, and this hesitation was fatal to their enterprise. The next moment tie entire volunteer contingent, which censtitoted more than foorfifths of the attacking force, broke and fled down the mountainin anagony of panic, throwing away their gns, and giving itter ane to frightened screams and yells. The cowandly example was too much for the discipline of thebs regulsnrs-a mere hand ful, at the most. The panic became a contagion, and, though retiring with some show of order. they also gave up the fight, the rout becom. |ng general. lesadors, who had witnessed everything from her little nook of concealment, buried her face in her hands. But when she looked again it was ti wit nes another spectacle, which served to alter the entire tenor ef her mortification and fears. One of the bears,having missed Its footing on the icy steep, came tumbling, plunging, and rolling head over heels past her retreat, betraying much of the secret of his soldierly intelligence in his unstudied sprawls, and at the sams time uttering the strangest expres. slons of rage and disgust that tiad ever yet proceeded from a real hear. It was a reveintloa; and. with her super shtious terrors no longer an incentive, the young girl darted out upon the trail and fled away with all the swiftness that her supple nimbleness could evoke from her snow.shoe expertness. Out of breath, but still jeoycs over her treasured discovery, she arrived at ,,d Manuela's adobe but before sundown, and then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. " Where is Santiago Sgannell I" she de manted of one of the sentries. "I hacve a secret for him. I most see him right away." All the garrison were In surly mool for the defeat of the reconnoltring parto hadl just been made known. Sot the man whom she addressed, and who was well aware of the scout's tove~nfiltr, laughed as le Informed aher that Jim was onf on a hbntlnl rxpa-di. tlion. and would ihardlg retlur bcfroi day \- break. wihen he was to goide a general at. tack epon the robbers, then to be made in considerable force. S"Ah, I sha hars to wait," said Isa, dlie /apidintedly V but do tell him forms not to go away again without seeing me.d" "It ain't likely that he would in any ease, Isa," replied the sentry, with another eood-natured laigh; for the beautiful anket-maker was a favorite everywhere, and there wasn't a member of the garrison tbat didn't wlsh Scout Jim joy of his wooing. "But I shall see your message delivered all the same." Bright and early, indeed, before sun-up, the next morning, Jim was at the old Manuela's cottage, and it took but a moment for the girl to place him in posses. lion of her discovery. The scout's blue eyes opened to their widest capacity, and then, catching lea in his arms, he shouted a wild hurrah, while raining his kisses upon her blushint face. "You don't say so I" he exclaimed. " What I the great bear trick nothing more than a dodge-a masquerade of robbers in hear skins I" She nodded. "Hurrah I the superstition is nipped In the bud l Even the greasers wont run away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, and the giving away of this secret on my part will gain me promotion as chief scoat of the department, with double my present pay I" " Oh, Santiago, I am so glad I" And Isa clasped her hands, the happy tears glistening in her dark eyes. "Listen, dear. You know that snug little ranch of mine on the an Juanf " Another nod. " Would you like to be there-as my wife, of course f" "Oh, Santiago I" And the happy tears made way for happy blushes now. "Good i Hae the theold woman make you ready forthwith, for we shall he married neat Sunday. That is the day after to. morrow, which will be two days lfter to. day's scrimmage, which is destined to wipe out Vasco and his entire band, big and little hears included I" " Oh, Santiagol You forget I" anl the brightness began to fade out of the sweet face. "My father himselt was a robber captain; and" " No matterl" cried Scannell, once more catching her to his breast. "fs it your father's ghost or your precious, darling self that I would take to my home and hearut Good-bye, and God keep you till my re turnl But a last kiss first " and he was gone. That wasa uttering day for the pretty little blanket-weaver, such as she had not known, or perhaps dreamed of, in the whole aourse of her existence. A day of days, a day of love, suspense and hope, such as, once at least in a lifetime, is the rich-set jewel aof every budding maiden heart, be it igh or low, opulent or poor, refined orat coarse, tutored or ignorant-a priceless day, henceforward to be treasaured in unfall. ingmemory. But it passed, as other days meeust pass, as dreams must pas ; and soon after the first news came in that the roohers had been completely whipped out of their boasted fastness, resulting in the extermination of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, lea was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. "Ah, dearest, it was almost a picnic for ns this time I" he exclaimed, when recount ing the events of the fight. "The secret of the bear-skins was not generally made known amongst us until just before the storming of the steep, and its effect aponthe men was mgicael. Why, even the greasers, as if shamefaced and maddened at the recol. lection of their superstitious fears, charged up among the rocks with the best of us, and when the rascals ran out their hears it was for the last time, can tell you. We reushed right among them before they could set their avalanches moving, shooting 'erm down right -nd left, and as the ear-sklins were intended to frighten rather than to lhurt-. were, in fact, more of an incumhrance to their wearersthan anything else-they were taken completely by surprise, andl made scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter I these bear-sklins must have been sared up from the hunts of hafit a dozen geeenerations, and I'm betting high there's not one of 'em left hut what is too riddled for future serrvice of any sort. Then, havingl ispoced of the bears, we rushed through the pinrs*, rivingout the rest of the robbers, who didn't stop running till the last ridge of San lant'" range was reached, where they made their last stend. the bigger past of 'em dying in their tracks." "And Jose--Vaseo hnlselfll He olso was slain, they say." "Yes ; he fouglht like the game bravo he was. But, before he died, I re?g-iecd him as achap whose life I saedl in ai l'P?, eom,' some years ago, and wh' sort of chummed with me fora uhort time afterwarlds. Per haps he recognised me, too. Anyway, as he sank back he fixed his eyes upon megsllinc out in Spanish, 'It's as well as it Is, oldl comrade, since the same trail could na longer bare carried the pair of us ' anl then he was gone. Of course, I couldn't imagine what he meant, but it matters little one way or the other." Isadora, who understood belter than Ie, and who had told nothing of her encounte with Vasco on the preceding day, mere:y buried her face on her lover's should, r, ehudderingly thankful that the fiele eyes of the bandit chief could come no more between her and her heart's lore, "'Ah, thank Heaven you are safe steturnedl" was all she could murmur; "and thank Heaven thatyou love mel" They were married on the following Sun day, as the scout had declared they should he, and soon after went to live on Scan. nell's snug ranch, where it may be that they are living in happiness at the present day. 