TALES AND SKETQHES. " On Trial." ' " Good-by, mamma — dear, doar mam ma I" And tlio toars I have repressed all day begin to flow now. " My child, my Alma, don't cry so I Don't think for a moment that I wish to forco yonr inclinations — only remem ber, if yon Bhould bsppon to iiico Mr. Higgins, how deligbtod I should bo." " Horrid old gallows-bird I" I sob, brokenly, whilo mamma langlis at tho palpoblo injostico of this opithet. " Come, darling," sbo says, " there is only one man in this carriage. Hero's your bag and your novol. I must go now. Aro you comfortable ? Stop crying as soon as yon can, or ho will notice. Good-by, dcarcBt child." \- And )'she harries off through tho orowded station, and presently the train pnffs away with as and I still Bit weeping meekly, miserably. 1 m going to mgsuono — on, wnai a horrible namo for an estate I Might as well- bo, Pigs done — -piga-pen 1 I am going there on trial, oxaotly as thoy Bend goods from tho employment offices — to be kept) if I suit. I devoutly hope I Bha'n't Bnit ; bnt I supposo there's no donbt of it. ; At this point I givo a final sniff, dry my eyes, and sit upright, only to'finil my fellow-travoler gazing respectfully at mo. " What aro yon storing at ?" I snap, rndoly and boldly, and then nm allocked to think I havo nddrossod a strangor. I do not usually' objoot to tbo tribute oT admiring gisncos, but just now I am oonscious that my eyes are red and my cheeks tear-stained, " I havo observed yonr distress," ho begins, and I notico that he ib tall and yonng, with a fair skin, dark.biuo oyes, and monstnebo almost goldon, whioh yot do not mike him look effiimioato, bnt rather lika a handsome yonng Norse god. " Oh, if Lnko Higgins were only tho least littlo bit like Aim I think, wist fully. " I have noticed that you wore .un happy." " Not at all, thank yon," f say, politely. " Perhaps yon aro on yonr way to a houso of mourning, " he suggests timidly. " Quite tho contrary, I assure you," is my smiling answer. I only wish I were going to Luke Higgins's fnnoral. I have novor been avorso to a harmless littlo frolic of any kind, and now tho ' thought darts into my head to amuso tnvBolf by describing my entertainers to this strangor. I givo a littlo hysterical laugh and lift a pair of mischievous black oyes to my compan ion's. " I'll ! toil you all nbont the houso I am going to,' if yon care to listen," I say. Of course ho declares his anxiety to hear, and I plungo immediately into my snbjcct. " Tho honso has not a book in in," " Impossiblo I" " And tho servants are much more intelligent and well-bred than thoir em ployers." " Good gracious !" .. " Tho hoBtess is so immensely large and nngnibiy that sho reminds one of an adncated olophant ; sho usually wears a purpio silk gown with some kind of scarlot wrap. . ' ! " Go on," murmurs my hearer, faintly. , , "The host is hor son ; lie is thin as. a living skeleton, and his clothes flap and flatter about him liko a flag round a staff,". " Have thoy monoy ?" 1 "Oh, ves I But thoy havo only just got it : thoy don't know how to use it at ell." . " Wouldn't it bo a pleasant task to toaeh thorn r my companion asks lightly, " Ho ; for. thoy are oven more arro gant than ignorant, more vain than yon can imagine. It does not enter their headB that thoy have anything to learn." "/Good hcavons ! Why aro you going to visit snoh a don of horrors ?" tho yonng man before me asks, impul sively. i " That is ono question too many," I say, with a furious bluBh. And thon a sndden horror of my reck lessness comes over ma, Closing tho conversation hastily, I catoh up a hook and try to forgot that I have been bo mad as to toll my affairs to an utter strangor, oven though ho does look a thorough gontleman. What would mamma say 7 I blamo myself sovercly, and do not glance again at him. Other passengers got on and off, but at least we are again loft quito alone. It is a roiny afternoon and tho.dnsk falls so early that by four o'clock wo find our selves debarred from reading. The yellow-haired yonng Viking, how ever, seems resolved not to force mo into conversation, for ho gazes absently out at tho treos flying past ns. Presently I utter an exolamation that makes him turn and regard me inquiringly. " What is it 7" he asks. " Why, that woman who left tho train at the'laet station forgot her basket." . " By Jovo I so sho did, though I don't soo how sbo came to forgot .such a mon strous' affair as that. I will leave it -.with tlio portor to bo sent back when we reach Glodenia." ".Are you going there 7" ' " Yes.' Are you 7" " Yes," I answer ; and then I relapso into silence, regretting more than over my rash confidence. I sbliioquizo on my indescrotion and general nnworthiness, until something makes mo spring from my seat in on agony of nervous terror. Ho rises also and asksagain, "What iB it 7" this time, however, with considerable oxcitemont. \- " Oh, didn't you heor it ?" I soy, Clasping and unclasping my bands fran tically. " I certainly did hear lomethiny" ho admits. But before ho can proceed the mys-: terions noiso smites onr ears again abovo' all the roar and romblo of tho train — a long, low, strangling wail. " This carriage is hannted. Some ano has beon murdered here 1" I cry, wildly. The gentleman catchos my handB and tries oarncstly to reassure mo. " A third time !" I gasp, almost too frightened to speak. My companion's oyes ore wandering qnickly ronod Jin search of a clue. At last something arrests bis gaze, and my terrified eyes road iu biB face a strange embarrassment. " ./ it a ghost 7" I murmur, anxiously. It's somothing at onco less horrible and more troublesome than a ghost," he aaysj with a nefvoUs laugh and fidsh; I loosen my clutch of his hands, and ho stoops over the basket left by tho woman. Gently, gingerly, ho romovos the woollen Bhawl from the top, and re veals— a baby 1 As soon ns tho light and air strike tho little thing it ccasos to cry, and blinks contentedly up at ub, its dolivorcrs. Wo stare at oaih other, and thon at tho infont ; thon again onr oyes meet, and wo burst into n hearty laugh. When it has subsided, tbo gentleman says : " You look mora alarmed than ever." " I nm," I reply, truthfully. " What if it should cry again — Bhould got hungry — should have a spasm ?" " Don't worry," ho said. " In throo minutes we shall roach our destination, and tho creature cannot do itself muoh barm in that timo." " And thon Bhall - yon try to find its wicked mother 7" I inquire. . " No," he says, thoughtfully. " Sho would only abandon it again, or porhaps Ifill -it ' . I givo a little ehaddor. " So I shall find some good woman to placo.ib with, and lot tho matter rost." " I shall bo vory anxious to learn how you dispose of your charge," I rorasrk. " you shall cortainly bo informed," ho replies. " May I not call on you at Higa- deno ? For 1 havo gathorod that yoo aro going there." " No," I say, with a burning blush. If you know anything about tho place, you know that I cannot ask any ono there." " Vory well," ho says, resignedly. shall contrive tosooyou somowhero. . But if I am not to moot you at your friend's, you must permit mo to introduce myself. My namo is," — a long pauso— " Algor— Frank Alger." " And mine—" I begin, thon stop, abruptly. Don't bo afraid," ho says smiling. " It scome to mo you are atraid of ovory- thing." u I'm glad you think so I" I laugh. (< I havo boon boldor to-day than I ovor was in my lifo before. My namo is Alma Sheldon." He bows in acknowlodgmont, and wo sit gazing at the baby, whioh has gono quietly to sleep. It is a plump and protty baby, per haps two months old, with a rose loaf skin and downy yellow hair. " Doar littlo thing I Do you know, Mr. Algor, thoy say if you kiBS a baby tho first timo you soo it, anything you wish will bo grantod ?" Iobsorvo. " For tho sako of getting tho Koh-i- noor I would not risk waking tho child now," ho declares. " iiut X would, 1 say stoutly ; and, kneeling, press a soft kiBS upon tbo baby's forehead, wishing tho while— agaiust all likelihood— for a iia'ppy visit at Higbsdeno. Then I Bit upright and decorous, whilo tho train oroops through tho littlo town and stops at tho 3tation. u Good by. Got out first, and got safely out of sight boforo I follow," saye Mr. Algor, and I say good- by hastily, and hurry aoross tho platform into tbo Higginses' carriage. As I am driven along through tho heavy rain, I wish onco rooro that my prospoctivo host woro a littlo moro liko Frank Algor. When wo roaoh Higsdono I am shown to my roOm, and thence, after somo repairs to my toilet, to tho drawing- room. Mr. Luko Higgins and Mb mothor nroVmtiug mo. Every evil thing abont thorn appears to mo intensified sinoo I saw them last— six weeks ago. Thoy aro in a vory bad tamper, as I perceivo at onco. i " Luko is voxod that ho did not go to tho station, to mcot you," his mother panto forth, breathlessly. " But ho does hato putting himself out at all." ' i wiu oxcubo mm, x say, graciously, tliankfnl that tho fates have spared roe a tete-a-tete drivo with him. Sbo stared at mo a moment. " Oh, it's not on your account at all —you could not havo reasonably ex pected tho carnago and au escort; But door Luko hos missed an opportunity of doing himself a! benefit." "How so?" I inquire with languid interest. " I'll toll you," Luke says, gloomily. " Oar neighbour, Sir Francis Fauriol, has not been down to his estato since I leased this property two mouths ago ; but ho camo down on tho train to-night. Now, you sco, if I had been at the sta tion I could liavo left you to drive homo alono, while I should havo gouo with Sir Francis to Fauriol Towers. Wo Bhould have boon liko brolbors by this time." " Ob, you know him, then ?" " Not at all ; but report says ho is a mognificont young fellow, and of courso we are kindred eoule," Luko says, with porfect gravity. " Young, handsomei, woolthy noble men," I assort— not that I know much of the habits of this class—" do uot pick up associates at the railway f stations." " Of courso not," s&yB; luko, quito anoruBhod. " That's why I feel so badly. Of courso he woutd scorn tho vagabonds and valgarianB who would naturally throw thomsolves in bis way. But if J had boon there ho would havo gladly availed himself of the company of learning, wit and refioemont." As ho thus sums up his excellences, he gives a hideous leer of satisfaction. "And so you aro, Luko," Bays his mothor, fondly, while I think bow muoh moro detestablo ho is than I thought. At dinner ho commits a hundred breaches of otiquetto ; tho vory servants sncor, and I am tho only ono of tho trio whom thoy treat with respect. Tho Higginsos havo not yot acquired tho authority or tho liberality proper to thoir improved station, and even I, economical as mamma and I aro forced to be, find littlo to tempt mo at tho repast. I rejoice when the long rainy day is at last ended. (to be concluded in our next.) 