UNDER ALL FLAGS. i s -st> IN THE LAND OF BUDDHA. CEYLON. This NEW CANTAT. AND THE OLD-COLOMBO AKD KANDY-Br MYSTIC TEMPLE AND GOLDEN SnniNR -THE PEOPLE OF THE LANGUID SOUTH& TALK WITH ATUIU PASHA. ,, £3 a P. What is there to be said that has not been said of this land, in which my pilgrimage has I am , ferry to say, been short? Nothing to the wise and learned, nothing to the much travelled ; but to those who have not bowed to the white fingers of the beckoning world and wandered far in search of new experience, here are some words of description and Borne freshly caught impressions. You who t are learned and traveled, read them not: let me but have those whose eyes, like mine until a few days ago, had not seen " this jewel of the East, and who mayhap have really but little of it, and we will talk together. Standing beside the shrine of Buddha at Kandy, the ancient capital, in the very heart of Ceylon, with the heavy perfume'! air about me, and with my hands plunged waist-deep in a heap of lotus lilies and sweet and sensuous tropical flowers, unconsciously I kept repeat- ing to myself, " Ho- old ! how old ! how old!" These shrines were before the gentle Nazarene rose to conquer the world; those temple door stood open ere that temple in far Judea was rent in twain and there was darkness on the land until the ninth hour; the Prince Gautama fasted in the desert while, captives in Babylon, the Chosen looked for the coming of the Prince of Peace and the Light of Asia had spread with a golden light above the Himalayas, and to far Cathay, when first the Light of the World lifted up. His voice on the green slopes of Oliver And leaning over this pile of floral offerings, I saw the fabled stone with the print of Adam's foot upon it, while Buddha, remine: in red and gold drawings upon the wall, gazed down upon it in removing silence. Pious fraud! But just such pious frauds one sees in hundreds of places in Europe. "Who that is travelled IIBB not seen in three or four churches on the Continent the very stops up which Christ walked to be judged by PilrJto ? "Who has not been shown in many places a hair of the Saviour, on a nail of the holy cross, and such numberless relics of the Apostles as would make even a Buddhist priest quiver with fury ? One has got beyond being incredulous when told that under a huge stone daggers lies buried Buddha's bagging to vi; and that on a silver shrine hung with costly curtains there rests 'neath a very wonder of jewelled wealth the traditional tooth of Buddha. Need we show surprise when told solemnly that this discoloured piece of ivory, one and one-quarter inches long, lying on a lotus lily of pure gold, is that which caused a rent in the pork chop of which the glorious Saddartha. Prince Buddha, died ? What though the Christian swears that the traditional tooth was pounded to pieces by the Archbishop of Goa, in his righteous angers not the word of " the faithful to be accepted in a holy matter like this, when it declares that it was not the real tooth that was destroyed, hat one that was substituted ? Foolish Archbishop ! As if by that function of the pestle and mortar he could outwit a loaf ty Oriental priesthood, or deal a blow to a religion which has now for 500 years withstood with a singular power the attacks and persuasions of Christianity ! The world scarce knows how slow the leaven of the Christian faith works in India and Ceylon. Civilisation is accepted, but the Brahmin and Buddhist incantations and the genuineness of the Mahommedans charm away the pantheistic East from the Apostles' Creeds and the Ten Commandments. After five hundred years' labour for the Western Faith, there are in Ceylon but 278,000 Christians, including over 22,000 Europeans, while there are 2 500,000 Buddhists, Mahommedans, Passes, and Brahmins. And in India there are but half a million Christians, inclusive of the European population, out of over 250,000,000 of people. And thus things rolled themselves in upon my mind as I saw the censers swinging in Hindoo temples, as I watched the worshippers love's their foreheads to the ground in Mahommedan mosques; j and as I turned over the leaves of the ancient scriptures of the Buddhists in the Focwd Temple of the Tooth at Kandy, the great high priest beside me, I could not help but feel a touch of reverence even when a yellow robed priest handed me a leaf from the holy Boxtree, grown from a twig planted from that one at Gya under which (he self-exiled Buddha sat and pondered on the sins and darkness of the world, on the fever of living on the unanswer ing gods, and searched for the way to escape the , strife of the Brahmins pantheon, and find the pas- sionless peace of Nirvana. I could not even feel that reverence broken when ¡ a white-robed acolyte touche 1 me on the arm and pointed to the grated box where the offerings of such polluted outcasts as myself might be cast ; when a pupil of the dusky school of the Thosophio Brotherhood besought my name on a subscription list for the school cricket club; even when I noticed that, by a pious and there therefore pardonable forgery, every man who had been generous before me had been made to give nothing less than five rupees. I preferred to be singular and only gave half a rupee. Even under the contemptuous smile of this white-robed brotherhood at this my parsimony, I remained reverent. ' , For my holy Christian brethren since the days of the Catacombs have not disdained to juggle for the truth's sake, The Egyptian high priest in the temple of Ila at Memphis, the Magi of Babylon, and those Hellenes who kept the people far off from the body of holies of Serapis and his brother divinities, they all used the weapons of Typhon to destroy Typhon." Yet in them all, those old religions, there was, and is enough truth and beauty and goodness to reverence. Their " little systems have their day ; they have their day, and cease to be;" but while the day is they meet the needs of those of humanity who were not born under the beams of the Star of Bethlehem. EASTERN LINE, In my short visit to Ceylon I but touched, as it were, the fringe of Eastern life, but there was an enlightenment to me in that touch that years of reading could not convey. I saw scores hurry through the Buddhist temples, bored and heedless, I knew of none of my fellow passengers that went and stood at the doors of the Hindu tem- ples further, they or I could not go and watch in the shadows the strange worship of the followers of Brahmin, or drop silver areas into the begging bowl half filled with rice. I have watched globe-trotters in the ruined palaces of 'ancient kings, to whom there came no thought of the myriad associations of such places, and I can understand some of them picking up this imperfect paper some day and thinking that the plains to which I refer are not the places they have seen. It may he greater fun roaming through bazaars in search of curiosities, false jewels, and bad gold ; but that is not the end or use of travel. To anyone who has a grain of imagination, or even a little knowledge and a desire to acquire, I can conceive of no place so interesting as Ceylon and that vast land to the north of it, where the hundreds of thousands of gods have their millions of worshippers, where the Parkes bands to the sun, and the Mohammedan cries "Allah ackbar." Generation upon generation of European civilisation will not obliterate the mysterious and indolent life of this that was ancient Ophir and Tarshish ; of this golden rule to which, tradi- tion says, Adam came when he was driven from Eden. I will admit that it needs some sweet courage " to keep the sense of the mysterious while one is being followed by crowds of Cingalese guides and almost naked boys crying out for largesse. But it can be done. I was followed for a mile as I drove in a trap by a young villain with white teeth and bare brown body, who conveyed to me the painful information that his mother was dead and his father was kind, and .mpntwwd the fact by stamping his bare arm against his bare side with resounding whacks. My companion pulled him up short at last by saying to him in Sinhalese, " Thief and robber go !" I shall never forgot the sudden look of sole ness that came over the face of the little mendicant, or his quick stop when these words were uttered. He had his mile for nothing. I was told that this proof was one that always told on a Sinhalese. I was sorry that I had not learned it earlier. I was sorry that I had not known it in time to have tried it upon the guide, who showed me through Kandy and the famous gardens of Paris decays, and through the Dnladii MáMigíiwa, life it was who bo» ed low, said I was a noble gentleman, a man of gracious healing, a wonder of intelligence, and on whom the gods had smiled; and then, in a low soft voice and with hand doore catingly placed on breast, said he left his fee to my most princely kindness, I overcame his praise of my splendid qualities, of which I was largely cognisant before, suggested three rupees, or about 68 3d. That in the East is most bountiful pay. But with pained protestation this child of Buddha, who expects some day to inhabit Nirrnna, assured me that only Are rupees could most the needs of his wife, several small children, and a decrepit parent. He was about 25 years old. Need I say what was the end? He would not touch anything at all he laid his poor services at my disposal free, unless I, out of ray lordly magnanimity, rewarded him to a degree becoming my own character and his stern, but proud, necessity. I yielded. One does not like to be followed to a railway station by the soft reproaches mixed with praises of one who was but just now your body guard, and who will assure your travelling companions that you are worthy of a golden monument, though he has to lament the sudden contraction that has seized your money bags. I paid him, and he immediately asked me for a recommendation, like those given by such as Captain Kane, of the Calliope, my lord of this and the marquis of that had given him. You cannot play the bar to a dignified and distinguished individual like this, who has learned all your virtues by heart The second day I was in Ceylon I was wiser and more hardened. I learned those magic phrases thanks, good my friend, for teaching me that word "-as we rolled alone; through those wonderful cinnamon gardens, from the bungalow of the exiled Egyptian, Arabi Pasha, with whom I had an interesting talk. KANDY. At Handy, one stands in the heart of Buddhist life, and I as also every man and woman who visits Colombo, and has time to spare to take the train and go to this city in the hills, eight miles away, where reigned for centuries Ginbalese Kings, and to which it is said Lord Buddha came to teach his religion of mercy and aspiration-an aspiration that ended at Nirvana, and who said: Enter the path ! There is no grief like have, No pains like passion, no deceit like sen<e. i Enter the path ! Far hath he gone whose foot Treads down one fond offence. Enter the path ! Then spring the healing streams Quenching all thirst ! then bloom the immortal flowers, Carpeting all the way with joy ! thon throng Swiftest and sweetest hours V There is in this town of Buddhist shrines a world of interest Through crowded lanes, where sit in their open shop-fronts, cross-legged, the traders and I artisans, we go A bather squatted on the ground is cleaning the hair of a man who squats opposite, a tinsmith hammers languidly at a latch, a worker in gold and silver beats out the precious metals upon a pattern, and a restaurant-keeper piles up sweetmeats, rice balls, and strange condiments, that tempt his hungry brothers; those- hungry brothers that live on a half-penny a day. One who knows the island well told me that some of these people are on a farthing a day, and that one Cinbaleao in dealing for food with another never spent more than an anna, I remember reading many a year ago " The Voyages of Marco Polo," and at Colombo I picked them up again. Six hundred and forty-five years have gone since the young Venetian started for Bokhara and the land of the Kubla Khan. And I thus he speaks of this ancient land Ceylon : " It is the finest island in the world ; the king is called Fernandez. The men and woman are idolators, have no corn, but rice, and oil of jessamine, milk, clean, wine of trees, abundance of brazil, the best rubies in the world, sapphires, topazes, amethysts, and other gems. The king is said to have the finest that was over seen, as long as one's band and a big as a man's area, without spot, shining like a fire, not to be bought for money." I think it very likely that Marco Polo told the truth about that ruby, for even yet one can see the fine jewels in Ceylon: turquoises, rubies?, sapphires, pearls, garnets, amethysts, cat's eyes, and the inevitable moonstone. As for the last, nearly everybody bought them, paying three and four shillings for a silver brooch or scarf-pin of them. They have since repented, as did those who bought lovely gold rings set with three or four sapphires for thirty shillings. The sincerity of the pedlar or bazaar jeweller was emphasised by the fact that he gave a written guarantee the ring was worth five pounds in London, and further affirmed that the thirty shillings would be paid back if his truth was proven to be falsehood. And my ingenuous fellow voyagers took them, and gave the dealer recommendations in turn, which would have all men to know that Juan Fernandez Ali Mahomet was a righteous dealer and had sold the eights gold and jewels to his entire satisfaction, and would ever pray, c. The night I came back from Kandy and dined at the Oriental Hotel I was dazzled by the light that shone from the bosoms and ears and fingers of mr ship friends, and when on board at last, and off for Aden, the first dinner was bewildering, for nearly every man wore a brilliant red or pink cummerbund, and the women were so glittering and gilt-edged that I was afraid I should have to come to smoked glasses, It is not so now. A whisper has gone through the ship that things are not all that they seem, and yesterday, as passing through the Red Sea we saw Mount Sinai afar, someone suggested that without much self-sacrifice we could easily erect a golden calf, but not for worship-oh, not for worship ! All the way from Colombo to Kandy are Indian villages in groves of palms and bamboo. The railway stations, many of them, are flanked by gardens of rare flowers and plants, and English rose bushes, prized here even beyond the orchid, I would like to show some of my friends the lovely lavender-coloured, blue, and purple orchids that I saw in Ceylon. I remember of a rather distinguished lady, the sister of a well known historian, saying to me once that a blue or purple orchid had never been heard of-that it was "a natural impossibility." Well, the blue orchid may be found, not only in Ceylon, but in Queensland and Western Australia and for further proof of that reference might be made to Mrs F. Rowan, of Melbourne, who is skilled in painting flowers. With the indolent sky above us we pass vast flats, where the slow Indian outs the rice in the field, or drives his patient and humped cattle in his wooden wheeled cart down the long road between palmyra, teapot, and plantain trees. We look out upon the oak tree with its colossal green fruit, upon the bread- fruit tree upon mangoes, Times, guards, cocoa, love-lorn, goroka, pineapples, and bananas ripening in the golden sun. We pass the jungle primeval, and comb great hills, from which stretch away vast mountains called the Atagalla and I would that I could tell of what beauty the valleys are beneath, of what i green they are, and of what cultivation. TJtuwan j Kanda, the Bible Book, and Atagalla might be the home of the gods, and the place beneath "the land of the happy ones.'' But not for beauty's sake was this railway constructed. Look out again. See the hills, £200ft high, cultivated to the very peak with tea and tobacco. Never before had I seen that And sloping down the valleys there, you have hundreds of broad green terraces, like in shape to the lost pink terraces of New Zealand. But these are for use and not for beauty. , Rice grows there, aided by a system of irrigation that is 3000 years older than the Chaffeys. There are coons groves in fields of aromatic grated, nutmeg and pepper and the rubber trees; and, if you are curious you may go to the wonderful gardens of Parading and as the fatal Upas tree, of which the cost has told weird tales. And going there you may chance to see yellow robed priests with their shoulder bare, in meditation, or converted Cinalose preachers in their long black robes. And this is but a land where " the flowers are scentless," where there are " songless bright birds." Here trials the thumb, the happier here whirls the circle, and here the bulbul sings in the shade. Rock pigeons flit across the glade, the ring-tailed jungle robin skirts the great hibiscus bushes, and trills his roundelay as he soon' : the engine whistles down the wind, and the blackbird sends us a long roulade across the fragrant fastnesses. One could imagine in this dreamy land how Nirvana might be attained, and how, if we had not known Christ and the Guipai, Lord Buddha and the Mahabharata might have claimed as but who could give the former for the latter? One stands still in amazement before the acts of such men as Colonel Alcott who, by the way, is in Colombo and Madame Blanc Sky. They have followed after strange gods with a vengeance. Why the other day I was offered in Aden little Hindu gods, all different, at an anna a dozen. They were kept in a huge calabash line green peas, and Brant, as worshipped in them, Colonel Alctt bowed to once ; but now he has turned to Buddha; how far turned the weathercock showeth not HINDOO TEMPLE. I know not which is more beautiful, the large lake at Kandy (which the last King of Kandy rounded up near his palace, and around which the temples stand), or those of Colombo, giving contrast and relief to the town. I cannot tell which is the most interesting, the old Nolfeodul Church at the capital, a hundred and fifty years old. or "The Pavilion," the Governor's residence in Kandy, standing in gardens of rare beauty. I scarce can say now which amazed me most, those antique, gold-domed, iv.iry-inlsid, silver moulded temples of Buddha at the Old Capital, of the squat but wondrously saved Hindoo temples in the low native quarters of Colombo, Slow was our progress to these old shrines. The streets were narrow and crowded with natives and Indian carts were often drawn straight across our path. in front of, one door a bier with a red cloth on it waited for a Mahommedan I to be carried out and borne to his last rest; in front of the next groups Hindus, with the white marks on the forehead, large dry watched us, or worked with nerveless fingers at their trades ; but most were idle. And here is the temple itself. No, not one but two, three very near each other. What are they like ? Image in a hundred thousand statues piled up and glued together in form of a building, with wide steps and entrance, and that is something near what first came to my mind. They shown vaM; prodigality of art, but no general contour of beauty. Thousands of gods in thousands of postures, conquering thousands of evils, and given a thousand gestures, are fixed shoulder to shoulder, or are heaped upon each other world of interest missed. The doors are as fine I never saw anywhere huge, beautifully carved, and opening into darkness Yet not a total darkness. One is not allowed to enter-that would be profanation-but stepping from the carriage, I borrowed a parasol and shaded my face from the fierce sun, shut my eyes for a moment, and then opening them I could see far in the temple with its stone floors and pillars, and its high shrine at the farther end. Lights were burning in the dimness, and incense was being swung by disk? hands. Flaming censors were held up, white robed forms passe 1 across the half-darkness, ghost- like, stra age, and discordant sounds from Indian instruments of music rolled loudly through the space. There were no worshippers; the priests were only holding kish confab with their gods. At each temple it was the same, save that with each the grotesque marvel seemed to in crease. This religion of Br un is that which drove Buddhism out of India after Buddhism, in its turn, had overwhelmed Brahminism. spreading out from Kapilavosta, near Benares, till it gathered in most of Asia, and even niola at last upon Europe. In Ceylon, however, Brahminism is tolerated; it has no place of right in this ancient seat of its ancient enemy. All the Buddhist would turn to Kandy and Kelani as the Mahommedan turns to Mecca. Chinese priests and poets have made pilgrimages here, and the kings of Siam and Cambodia still send tribute to the Buddhist temple of Lanko. Lanka, or Hoyles has had 170 kings, and I have stood in the palace of the last one, who was dethroned in 1815 by the British for cruelty. That pillared, carved, and once spacious building is now used as a court- house, where an English judge dispenses justice with the aid of dusky Cingalese lawyers. WITH ARABI PASHA. Colombo was so full of interest to me in its myriad sided life, that I might easily have been pardoned if I had forgotten the Egyptian chief, Arabi Pasha, who lazily lives out his life in the suburbs of Colombo, not far from him being his three Lieutenants-Ally Fehmy, Mahmoud Fehmy, and I'acoob Samy. Once, it seemed, Arabi Pasha had in his hands the fate of Egypt; but now, how are his glories, couquesU, spoils shrunk to so little measure." The Rebel Tyrant and Spoiler of 1882, who commanded armies and disturbed nations, drones out his days in an Indian bungalow. A quarter hour's drive alone Galla Face through ere good native streets, past the residences of wealthy native people, and meeting as we went, high-caste Hindus, Mahomm 'dans, Cingalese, and Europeans in their picoickshaws drawn by swift perspiring natives, brought us to the home of the fallen chieftain. The garden was full of luxuriant flowers and fine foliage. sending in our cards, we were soon in the presence of Ah ned Arabi. He met us at the door, a tall, commanding, benign figure. With slow soft voice and quiet gesture he bade us enter. His sitting-room was plainly furnished. Conspicuous on the walls were Queen Victoria and Lydia Von Finkelstein. Could this quiet figure in long mantle and placid folded hands be he who upset the equilibrium of Egypt seven years ago ? Evan sa Determination, command, steady purpose, were written on the face, but where was that stealthy fierceness that one expected to find ? This man might be a priest, born to rule in a great monastery j he might be a plenipotentiary from a government of priests, but a cruel rebel-it could hardly be understood. He reminded me as he sat there of Mataafa, the King, whom I saw in his camp outside Apia a year ago surrounded by his Parliament and chiefs. There was the same slow, kindly look only Mataafa had a touch of the ascetic, which Arabi has not My companion-a New South Wales lady, now resident in Ceylon cleverly, and as only a woman can, drew the Arab warrior out till he spoke freely on his children, surroundings, his movements, and his resources. A little face peeped from behind the curtain-the face of his grandchild. The way to the heart of the Egyptian was found. The rest was easy. He spoke in larras of content of his treatment by the authorities, said that he saw the Governor occasionally, and was free to go about almost unguarded. It was plain to me that he felt his days of action were passed, that his star was fallen, that he had found his St Helena. Upon the wall hung a portrait which I rose to see. It was a picture of three officers of the Egyptian army in full regimentals. The and the figure sat The face had a moustache, but no beard. I recognised I the eye. It was that of my host Arabi. 1 turned and asked him if it was he. He said it was, and he smiled meaningly as he stroked his beard, I and murmured, " That was eight years ago." ' I have one of these portraits now, and a card given 1 me by the conquered chief, on which, with place and date, he wrote for me, Ahmed Arabi, the ' Egyptian." There's meaning in that the fallen man has still some pride. He accepts his fate, but he is still " The Egyptian." I have gone beyond the space that editorial kindness allows, and more here I may not write, but as we drew away from Colombo that afternoon, in the 1 grand ship R.M.S. Victoria, I could not help but 1 turn towards the wonderful cinnamon gardens, and to where the white waves wa bed up the sands of Galle Face, and wave an adieu to the man who was great enough to be a powerful leader, and who has passed beyond the necessity of our hatred into the region of our forgetfulness, perhaps our pity. 