AN INDIAN GHOST STOItY. Snhob Don Dholioy wns a prison official of proved courage and magnificent physique, who was brought from Jossoro to Allporo to tako 'tlio plucoof head warder. It wns" his duty to visit the patrols between tho surrounding walls every night botwoon tlio hours of twelve, and two. On one occasion, aftor ho had boon only a fow days in tho giiol, ho Bot out on his rounds as usual, but soino timo after two in tho morn ing it -was 'found that hbMiad not returned. Timo woro on, and at Inst mora wondering why ho was so Into gavo phico to anxiety, and a search party was organised. Tlioy carried torches, mid at lust caino unon the insensible form of Snliob Den Dhoboy. Ho wus lying prostrate upoii tlio ground closo to wtho hospital gato, which iB Bituatod about 150 yards distant from tlio gallows. Tho unfortunate man was carried to tho officials' quarters, and thoro, after a time, by tho application of water and other restoratives, ho was brought urouud. Tlio following was tho tale ho told : Ho had boon going hiB rpunilsand had stooped down to adjust ono of his shoes, when ho folt someone spring upon him from behind and com mence belabouring him botivocu tlio sliouldors. Tho concussion forced him on to his hands and knees, and lie first thought thut it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not vory much alarmed, for ho had confidonco in his groat jihysicnl prowess, lio tried to grasp his assailant by putting ono urra behind his "back, but lie could feel nothing, yot tlio blows continued to rain down upon him, and ho felt himsolf pressed down to tlio oarth by a great weight.- At last a yoico addressed him, 'You daro como horo, do you," to dofile by your prosonco tlio territories of Govind Brahmin ?' And witli that tho man folt himsolf lifted bodily up, aud thou dashed face forward on to tho ground. Ho remombered no more till lio awoko to consciousness iu tho guard room. 'When ho had finisliod this strange story, tho aged bond wardor, who was about to retire, came up nnd put tho question : ' What is it that is being said about Govind Bralimin ? This led-to explanations, and. the old wardon told how a. noted . budmasli of that name, who hud committed sovoral cold-blooded murders, had been hanged iu tlio Allporc gaol six-and-twonty yours boforo. 'But,' pointed out ono of tho auditors, 'Snhob Den Dhoboy was attacked a good distanco from tho gallows. Wo found him closo to tho hospital gates.' ' All,' replied tho old man impressively, ' the scaffold in tlioso days stood on tho vory spot whoro you found the prostrate body of Snhob Don Dhoboy.' Tlio latter listened with blanched faco; then he throw himself back on- the couch on which lio lay,- '-My hour has como,' lio said. ' It must havo boon tho spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and boat mb.; My hoartv is. broken; It is certain Imust die. And ho died in two days' time. — Timcs of India. a - 