ECHOES FROM FALL MALL. From Ouk Correspondent.: LONDON. 14th February. " Give a dog a bad name and you may just as well hang hiin " is a proverb often applied to tho human race, and it iu certain (though he often escapes hanging when ho deserves it) that when a man has a bad name, there arc a good many stories invented about him upon tho strength of it. This may have been the case with the lato M. do Tourville, who only escaped tho gallows to die in prison to which he had boon condemned for pushiug his wife over a precipico in tho Tyrol. Sho was his second wife, andthenewspaporrcportadds "there is very littlo doubt that ho murdorcd his first one." As to the circumstances of that caso I havo been uuablo to discover any record of thorn, bat I well remember a curious story told mo of do Tour ville. Ho had a " bad name" for a good many things, aud one of thcin was a chargo (mado I suppose about 15 years ago) of sotting tiro to a house in Graven Hill Gardens with his son in it, a hoy who stood between »him and his first wife's fortune. "I know do Tour ville, " said an acquaintance of mine, as wo talked of this event ono night, "for wo read law together in the samo chambers when wo were students. Ho was a very clever fellow, but very reckless in his conversation. Ho ouco remarked to mo that nothing would bo easier than to got rid of a member of ono's family — ono'a mothcr-iu-law for instance — by shooting hor with a revolver in tho drawiugroom by tho merest accideut ; thcro was ono barrel left loaded, though you thought, of course, thoy had all been emptied. So long as you woco proved to have heon 011 good torms with one another, he said, no ono could suppose it to bo a murder. X thought nothing of tho mattor," continued lnv friend, "+ill whnn ... Imlis. X reed in tho puper that tho first Mrs. do Tour ville lmd been (accidentally) killed in this way. If I liad been at home, I think it would havo been my duty to make tlmt curious suggestion of his public for tho information of tho coroner's jury." I remember this conversation perfectly, but I do not recollect tlio name of.my informant, uoither can I discover whether the first Mrs. do Tour- villo did roally como to lier end in tho way described, or whether it was her mother. In tho latter case, thore must have been threo victims. Death which kicks with equally impatient foot at the door of tho hall and of the hut, has been kioking at a vory small door indeed. One of tlio'so Mexican midgets, too small to oast any one into tho shade, hut compared with whom, Tom Thumb was of life size, has perished, wo read, of cold and exposure in a snow bound train iu California. She was one of tlioso duodecimo creatures, if I remember light, who wore exhi bited in Piccadilly a few years ago, and who reminded one, not of dwarfs at all, but fairies. Though far from being monstrosities of insigni ficance, thoy seemed to bo a creation altogether apart from that of man aud woman.' It was impossiblo indeed to regard them as ordinary human beings "to bo sat upon by coronors and viewed by jurors ; " and the case of poor Lucia Zarctta, for she had names of tho usual length, might well have been headed " insecticido." She must no doubt havo been fragile as a lily of tlio valley, but it seems strango that her fellow passengers could not havo kept her warm in a lady's muff, or cvou in a man's breast pocket. Poor Liliputiun, lot us liopu she has at last found a region where folks arc not esteemed either for length or brevity. To find a hole, either square or round, in which to plaeo our hoys, so that they may become independent of us and self supporting, is nowadays a difficult matter ; but to find one sufficiently commodious to recoivo two persons — viotims for instance of that fatal curse of early marriage — seems almost beyond tho bounds of probability. Nevertheless, a pair thore is, who, to judge by au advortiscment in tho Standardot lustweek, liavohopes of sucha result. "AYould any person," they inquire, " desirous of establishing himself in a good social position, adopt a young coupltf, who in return for suitable allowance would offer tho uso of a splendid old family mansion and luxurious home, and guar antee his entry into tho best society. Highest references given and required." The position of this sanguine young couple is pitiable indeed, for besides their other embarrassments, it is clear they havo got an old oountryliouso on their hands, infested by rats or haunted by ghosts, or for which, at all uvonts, thoy £au find no tenant. But what a " gem " is hero for the compiler of that " shilling shocker " whioh Lord AYolseley tells us is far more devastating from a moral point of view than war itself ! The advertisee who takes the bite will, of course, bo a colonial millionaire, simplo as a child, with an implioit belief in tho hereditary aristooracy of his native land. Ho will ho lavish with his monoy, but not in his young host's oyes lavish enough ; that gilded youth (who lias had muoli of liis gilt rubbed off) only demands adoption as the first step to becoming tho heir, and plans his bene factor's murder. The youug wife, however, though frivolous and fashionable, has scruples ; lier guest, as he slumbers after dinner with his handkerohief over his face, " reminds her of lier father as he slept," and counsels modera tion — forgery. Tho littlo misdemeanor is dis covered, and her husband, sent to penal servi tude for life, denounces lier from the dock for having prevented him from taking tho safe oourso; she goes raving mad and is transferred to tho county asylum, and the honest old colo nist lives in the " splendid old family mausion " for tho rest of hiB days, rent free. There aro somo items of intelligence so astounding that ono cannot help staring at them, so to speak, every stop of tho way, as in the following case : — " A religious American millionaire "—ono stops and stares here at tho very threshold— " has offered the Sultan of Turkey tho sum of 100,000 do!. 011 condition that ho will embrace the Christian faith." At tlie first glance, ono would think that "Strango if True" should be tho proper lioading of this piece of foreign intelligence : it looks 'so unlikely for so many reason's. The temptation, for example, appears insufficient. It is generally understood that the conversion of a Jow by the society instituted for that purposo costs it £1000 per annum, and that tlio article purchased at so high a figure is always tho samo Jew ; £20,000 for a Sultan, who is tho aeknow- legod head of liis own religion, seoms by com parison a small sum. If tho "religious mil lionaire " liad followed the example of so many of his philanthropic brethren, and offered £20,000, if 20 other millionaires should give £20,000 a piece for tho same object within a fortnight, lie might sjorn less generous, because such offers aro always perfectly safe, but moro reasonable. AVliat should we think of a wealthy Turk, who offered a year's in- como to the Archbishop of Canterbury to em brace tlio Moslem faith ? It would ho apprais- i- g his See as though it were land in Ireland, and bo littlo sbort of a direct insult. It is pos sible, howover, that tbo millionaire may know moro about the financial affairs of the Porto than wo do. AU is not gold — nor oveu gold leaf— that glitters there, and it is whispered that, with the exception of three purses of sequins which tho Father of fho Faithful flings to tho crowd when he takos his drives abroad (and whioh are always picked up and given back to him), lio has not ono half sovereign (unless a Pasha can be caUed such) to rub against another. Nobody who has not known whnt it is to want ready monoy is in a position t-o estimate the temptation of £20,000 paid down on tho nail. A writer in the Atlantic Monthly for Feb ruary has boen pointing out tho "rhythmical forms " in Lorna Loone. Mr. Blacktnore is a poet whose prose, elsewhere than in that noble romance, is often poetical. II is, however, nee unqsunl with young writers, who have no such good reason for the practice, but \?Lv are accus tomed to oxpress thoir thoughts in blank verse, to write rhythmically. Their magazine editor generally detects it anil " breaks it up," with deplorablo results. In The Cricket on the Hearth Diokens not only wrote rhythmically but in vorso, though it is not every reader who discovers it. It's a dark niglit, sang tho kettle, and tbe rotten leaves are lying by tho way, And above all is mist and darkness, and below all is miro and clay ; Atul there's only 0110 relief in all tho sad and murky aii' ; And I don't know that it is one, for it's nothing but a glare Of deep and angry crimson, where the sun and wind toguther Set a hand upon tho clouds for being guilty of such weather : And the widest open country is a long duff streak of black, And there's liaar frost on the finger post, and thaw upon tlio track, And the ice it isn't water, and tho water isn't free, And -you wouldn't say that anything was what it ought to be. A correspondent who evido Iy confuses my contributions with the ingenious column dovoted to "Hard Casos" in a social journal, lias for warded to me tho following problom, trusting to my " well known tact and delioaoy to rescue a fellow creature and the representative of an influential constituency, from an immortality of ridicule, and ftt the same timo without wounding his feelings." As I havo not tho fnintest nation how to do it, Irefor tho matters to my readers: — "Our Parliamentary representative, a gentleman of world wido reputation for platform eloquenoo, who has ' been photographed like this and been photogmpliod like that,' and also, though less frequently, liko himself, has been aBked to stand (for, of course, you can't sit for it) for tho new photo-pliouograpli. He lias a great gift of eloquence, and tho patentees of tho now instru ment aro naturally very anxious to roproduco him with nil liis grstioulations. Tho exact appearance of tho speaker, with every move ment of limb and play of feature, is rendered by this scientific invention, while at tho same time the phonograph delivers his speech. Our friend is going over to America for tho sole purpose of being handed down to all timo in an oratorical attitude, and ho is not aware that in moments of enthusiasm (not to say inspiration) ho has a habit of moisten ing tho palms of his hands oxactiy liko a navvy when he applies liimsolf to liis wheelbarrow. How aro we to break this fact to him without wounding liis feelings, and yet so distinctly as to prevent him exposing himself to au ordoal which is certain to confer pormaucnt ridicule not only 011 himself but on our innocent constituency." How indeed? Somo orators, aud almost all "agitators," are gifted with this peculiarity ; it is a natural accompa niment, not so much of platform as waggon eloquence. It is a very ancient custom. Thcro is a survival of it among whist players, some of whom always ivet their thumb preparatory to dealing. Nothing will prevent thorn from indulging in this practice. I havo known tho other three players to put on their gloves, as a protest against it, without its having tlie least effect. The temperature had unhappily fallen the same aftornoon. It is vory easy for Jones to say to Brown, " Why don't you tell tho man?" Brown naturally replies, "But why don't you it" The English Church union have becii not only publicly evoking "Divino guidanco " in the trial of tho Bishop of Lincoln, but entreating the Creator to " overrule the trial " in accordance with their own view upon the subject. Con sidering that the chief points in disputo are "the use of lighted candles when not wanted for light," and tlie singing of the Agnus Dei such a proceeding irresistibly reminds one of the cry of tlio fruit sellers of Constantinople, "In the name of the propliot, Fig," but still more of tho advice of tho Latin poot, Ncc dctts intersit. There really seems to be a good many things to which the interference of Providence seems to be more called for thou a trumpory ecclesiastical squabble. There is a popular delusion that tho longer a man dwells in a foreign land tho better fitted ho iB to writo about it. In one sense this may bo so, since he becomes of course moro intimately acquainted with its manners and customs ; but, on the other hand, ho soon forgots those salient points which form tlio chiof object of interest to us at home. This is tho reason why books of travel aro always more popular with us than descriptions of foreign life by a resident. A11 example of this is afforded by a rcocnt work, Australia Twice Traversed: A Romance oj Ex ploration, -where impressions and passing experi ences, though of tho simplest kind, take tho place of dissertations on languago and character. Tho adventures aro few, and tho perils chiefly confined to the absence of "water- holes" in an arid desert, but matters of contrast and peculiarity arc noticed which wo ofton look for in more ambitious works. Wo learn from it for instance, for the first time, that the word "cooee"— always supposed to be a native pro duct — is never used by tho aborigines ; that in tlie interior these have nover seen men 011 horse back, and took the mounted travellers for ooutaurs ; that thcro are nowhere any graves to be found, from which it is argued that the natives, eat their dead ; and that tho mon wear their hair in ourlB and the women short. Nor is the detail omitted — the absence of which in historios of savages is always a disappointment — as to how tho hair becomes short. Tho ladies either out it with flints, it seems, or bite it off. I don't suppose I shall over be on the judicial committee of tho Privy Council. It is a great- noss I havo nover sought for, aud whioh is not likely to ho thrust upon mo, but I should liko to have, tho opportunity of assisting at thoir deliberations sometimes. Mattors come before them of a moro extraordinary and varied nature than aro settled by any other tribunal, and those from tho ends of tho oarth. Their last duty has been to divide the claims of cortain Mahometans to the property of Wazir-Un- Nissa, a widow lady who diod intestate. Some were " tho daughters of her maternal uncle," others "tho grandsons of «thc brother of hor groht grandfather," and , tho question was to which seet of tho followers of the prophet she belonged. The ono affirmed hor (though a female) to bo a Sunni, the other to be a Shia. The evidence, all oral, and given by nativo wit nesses, must have been very striking, but there was a good deal of human nature about it. From her bintli to hor marriage she nppoars to have been a Sunni; during hor married life, anrl doubtless to please hor husband, sho became a Shia; and on his death sho became a Sunni again, and oven took up with a l'ir, » spiritual guide of that sect, who seems to have taken hor on a personally conducted tour to various shrines. Sho was covtaiuly not shy, and thoir lordships camo to the conclusion that sho was not a Shia. A chargo, I read, lias been brought agaiust a clergyman for attending a prize fight. In old times the practico was common enough among ecclesiastics, though always looked upon askanco by their diocesans. A divino called Day being cross-examined as a witness at the Old Bailey was treated in 110 gentle manner by tho learned counsel : " I think, reverend sir, you are callod the bruising parson ?" " If you doubt it," returned his reverence blandly, " ancl will como out of the court I will assure you of tho fact in fivo minutes." It is not only of the most precious metal that the saying "all that glitters is not gold" holds good. One cannot trust to appearances even as regards silver, and least of all in the imitations of it that ornament tho neck of tho champagne bottle. All that froths is certainly not cham pagne, nor anything liko it. There is a tem perance liquor sold iu bottles similarly adorned, which, though it may not deceivo tlie elect, takes in (and does for) n good many people. AVhat makes tlio contents of a champngno bottlo especially risky is that it is almost valuolcss as an "empty," and is thoreforo used as a recep tacle for any liquid. Someone in Southampton workhouse thought it might hold carbolic acid as well as anything elec: How it originally got into the workhouso is a problem that still re mains undiscovered, for "The Boy," as cham pagne is called by its worshippers, must be an unusual guest there. Unhappily, aii inmate caught sight of tho bottle, and exclaimed, as well lie might, "Hero is & good thing," and took his first and last puil in, it. Tho cham pagne that some of our friends give us at supper is poisonous enough, but not so immediately fatal in its effeots. When Sir John Gorst was addressingthc Houso of Commons the other day a Mouse made for hiin as though ho had been cheese. The appearance of this harmless (but not necessary) auimal created, we aro told, a great sensation. None of his race, it seems, has ever before shpwn a desire tonssist, as the French say, iu the deliberations of Par liament. Ou the other hand tlio Rat is a very common spectacle -there and excites no sur prise. 