STRAY SPARKS. Another misfortune for the Times. It is. compelled to disclose its own circulation during the publication of the '? Parnellism and Crime ' articles. It would be still more awkward were the present circulation' revealed, for beyond a doubt there has been a big drop. Lord Salisbury has had a serious attack of in- ; fluenza, and Lord Fartington is now in danger from congestion of the lungs. Eagerly as the Unionists build hopes on Gladstone's death, the i*. u. ill. may outlast tneir own leaders. Mr. Jesse Collings, M.P., Chamberlain's rela tive and henchman, is about to retire from the House of Commons, and yet Home Eule is win ning, and Gladstone is living. The outlook for the ' Union' is not promising. Portugal has backed down before England, but the British Consul at Hayti has been insulted by the natives. To keep up the Empire on which the Eun never sets needs a lot of petty squabbles. The influenza epidemic is not the first of the kind, as the complaint was prevalent in the middle ages. The term ' Gob bless you,' used in Catholic countries when a person sneezes, originated when influenza was regarded as a serious complaint indeed. The Khedive of Egypt is visiting the Sultan of Turkey. What a good time is in stove for the money-lenders. A San Francisco paper of Dec. 14 states that Prince Albert Victor, who may yet be called to the English throne, is implicated in that West End Club scandal. It is believed, however, that he was decoyed there without being aware of the i true character of the place, and so that his name might save the really guilty from punishment. At least such is the theory put forward by the cor respondent of an Adelaide paper. Any way the incident will not strengthen the cause of mon archy. A coincidence. A second Stock Exchange is founded in Sydney, and, immediately, there are indications of a mining boom. In last Monday's Evenino News allusion is made to the coming of O'Toole, the great actor, and to the Scotch Millionaire Mackay, the Silver King. Wrong in both instances. John L. Toole, never spells his name with an ' O,' and probably hails from within sound of Bow Bells. Mackay — with the accent on the first syllable — is an Irish man, as indeed are most of the Bonanza kings and American millionaires. Those n ttional character istics which attribute all the thrift to Scotland, recklessness to Ireland, hospitality to England, &c;, &c;, are rubbish, as Wm, Black, the novelist — a true Scot — points out. The Australasian Science Association is sitting in Melbourne. Larry Foley has as yet taken no part in the proceedings. Victoria is about to export potatoes to Eng land, and perhaps to Ireland. Thi3 looks like sending coals to Newcastle. There is talk of sending a new Papal Envoy to Ireland. It is to be hoped that the mission will have no political purpose. Sir John Pope Hennessy is said to be a candi date for the Irish constituency of Waterford West, but he must be a Nationalist, for the con stituency is a most advanced one. Waterford county election of 1826 was reallyf the precursor of Catholic emancipation. In 1877 two bye elec tions occurred, one for the county, another for the borough of Dungarvan, and were regarded as critical to the Home Rule cause. In both cases Home Eule was triumphant. Since then the county has been divided into separate electorates, East and West, and the borough of Dungarvan has been merged into the latter. East Water ford is the more Conservative, being the strong hold of the Beresford or Curraghmore influence. West Waterford has been dominated by the more Liberal Stuarts and the Duke of Devonshire. After capturing him, the King of Dahomey has released the French Consul. The latter was probably a lean, tough customer. It is rumoured that the House of Commons will soon dissolve. Coercion is discredited. The Tories evidently hope for little from their fishing Special Commission. Paekes evidently keeps a stob-editor'to scissors and paste those English extracts on Federation. The Russian budget shows a surplus of 15,000,000 roubles. Were the balance on the wrong side th.3 Chancellor would likely have a trip to Siberia. Poor Dibbs would have a bad time under an eastern potentate. Sir John Pope Hennessy is announced as a candidate in the Liberal interest for West Water ford. For Liberal read Nationalist, as Sir John has for some time past been a firm believer in Mr. Parnell. He has strong local influence. His residence is at Youghal, on the borders of the conBtituency. He lives in the house formerly occupied by Sir Walter Ealeigh, and it is note worthy that the potato and the tobacco plant were first grown here after Ealeigh imported them from America. Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt has given ,£20,000 for one of Turner's pictures. What will Euskin say to the Phi'istine now ? The Prince of Wales is in favour of establishing a school of modern languages in connection with the Imperial Institute. There will be a chair for Bullock-drivers, we pr-. suine. What an ungrateful world it is ! The smallest doings of Jackson or Slavin or even that mean looking pony Ringmaster are eagerly cabled to Australia, but never a word about Henniker Heaton. Things were different when the member for Australia had ghost Robert Dennis behind him. The schools at Bathurst are to be closed in con sequence of an outbreak of diphtheria. How the youth in that locality will pray for a continuance ; of the epidemic. ? At Oakleigh Park races on Saturday last the Selling Eace was won by Die, the Victoria Stakes by Eiddle, the Galloway Handicap by Lucre, the Hurdle Eace by Rouge et Noir. After this who can deny the connection between gambling and the turf ? . Windsor must have a large proportion of tee totallers. The people up there are grumbling about the rate for water, and a deputation is to wait on the Minister for Works. It would seem from the manner in which their figures are questioned in the press that in Victoria and New South Wales the Statistical Eegistrars are employed to 'barrack' — if not to lie — for their respective colonies. A Sydney paper scolds Spain for her main-i tenance of brutal sports. As the paper in question publishes lengthy cables about Jackson and Slavin its reproaches are suggestive of the kettle and the pot. A bull fight is above the prize ring. The depredations of the Kellys should have i warned the authorities to 'properly arm the police at outlying stations. Yet, when the Cingalese ran ' amok' at Penrith all the local force could muster was an old revolver, which missed fire several times. Had the murderous ; heathen a new shooting-iron with a fair supply of cartridges — all procurable for a few shillings — he could have murdered all Penrith. Judging by the way Kepubheanism is making headway all over the world, our leading monarchs will soon be among the unemployed. The Emperor of Germany says that the peace of the world is assured. Yes, while his own liver keep3 in order. A Sydney freetrade paper endeavours to show the connection between protection and crime. As the paper gains largely through its own records o£ crime it is wonderful how it remains true to free trade. The protectionists are jeeringly called the ' Shadow' party. Wellj coming events cast their shadows before. A Chinese actor is engaged for a ten months' season in San Francisco. He cannot play many parts, as a Chinese play generally lasts for that period. Tennyson, Gladstone, Darwin, Abraham Lin coln, and Lord Houghton were all born in one year —1809. 