iMODERN FORTUNE TELL'IN G .It isicccessay;, weo suppose, nas w el e t nor s to ?iish fortune-telling foi-r moe jQ?n o has always an idea, .after reading ,thie pro r ceediogs before the magistrates, as if bod. p powiler nun shot werebing thron aiyfor I iot'hinez;nod ias if the proe.res? of."t:lligence would of itself extiinruish thaut particular viriety of misdeieanour;:'? W do not hang vitches aly longer, nobodyea ca:n precisel sa why, and the .bu'inkins who irm: is h they still... do . now n ii. d t.. hu. that 'oJher Sonand -So has :,v ' loked" their chlildren or their':,? pis, receane noi t e lnfrom the Bench, beolaud a shir: littlc t lcetir , whnli thy 1 do iotF iiDlderstand.do fo their foils or their niiae. Indee, f they I have stuck'pinus',into iot her Soerand hSo on the Taith ofi her avitchaood, aort havhnnted her too malignantly, or hac:ve:-et:ire to her black cat, they are firied, -asif their offence aud riot been dictited by n ondf ie niobs ancient of all bioiefs. Still, a fortunetell?? nho takes money: is a swindler, usually & conscious swindler, and fools must be pro teeted against swindlers; while there is some thing to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation of folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men who passed the Ac.t intended it, we fancy, not so much for the protection of servant-girls, curious about the complexion of their future lovers, as for the punishment of a kind of blasphemy closely connected with the worship of the evil one; but still, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to check a particu larly injurious kind of lying. , There never was a time 'when fortune telling in drawing-rooms was so rife, or apparently so much believed in. Society rejects astrology altogether, not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, but because it so rarely sees or thinks of the stars; and it has got beyond dreams,whichare 'lpposed to be a result of indigestion, and to ls curable by nitrate-of-sliver pills, "r itu n!!' be by nux vomica ; and the drinkers u f tea at o cld!ock are in secret a little a raid of spiritualism, as likely to end somne daiy in iti possible Ipopearance of ghosts; so they de?ote themiselves to rather imore iitane feorms of divination. Sometimes the inquirer s fortiiid is foretold from her handwriting, which. i comparatively sensible, :a there is, in :hind writing a little evidence of chtiracter, thoug niot much, the slightest inaptitude othe fingert or defect bf eyesight deprivino ,t?e mainuscript of all relation toithei writer'd mind, its does also that writer's resolie to. write a conventional liaiid. The iost seso lute person we know .writes. a. ni- gglu scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative,) if of anything, of weak .indecisionti while women ?with awatery :rinds pour out those minds in manu~cript. which Lorda Palmerston, who wrote' a Circular Odercom-i manding uncial English, would have pro nounced perfection. Sometunes, nagain, roeve-0 lation is sought from the lines on the forehead. not the bumps, mind-tiha is a separate folly-but the lines, for which the seekers might, if they know anything about it, plead very anicent warrant. Priests who were vise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny was recorded bey-the foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, and dreamuned that, if the spectator only pon dered enough, he could discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or his com parative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, knows nothing of that, and only guesses by a rule whieh, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather thau the foreheads that are smooth. It is not a bad way, if both sexes are present, of making lovewithout being too explicit; but it involves severe staring, and severe staring is rude. Modern society would not be rude, even'if it could stare into heaven ; and divination by the forehead is therefore usually discarded in favour of divination by the hand.. The gipsies are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a rage. Every body who has time to'waste knows some thing of it, and there are regular adepts ladies some of them--who make out of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only temporary, incomes. They tell first the in quirer's character, about which they often make shrewd hite, ekeing out the result of attentive observation, or hints gathered within the room by the use of cer tain common forms, invented, we imagine, for the behoof of those adve tisers who promise full revelations of character for a shilling's-worth of stamps. Some of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery in disguise, flattery not of the common sort, but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of manlkind. No man, for instance, is told that he is weak; but a great many are informed that they have a strength of purpose not suspected by their friends, or an inner hardness 'which may. spring either from rectitude or selfishness. No woman is ever assured that she is spiteful; but she is often told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and that she is even too affectionate - a useful advertisement when it is read aloud. Tihe character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will often notice an odd peculiarity. The magician: wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definiteness is quite safe, for nobody, however sceptical, can deny that nay fortune is possible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though she ir. poor; her lover may be dark, though shbi preters blonde people ; and she may -live to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words. used, the sibyl will shline in 1her memory as a propphetess, while if she does not she and ber friends will have forgotten the unhfulfilled prediction. But the pascion for. guessing by' rule is a very potent one', atid ocasiouallty, we more than suspect, masters the seedr, sihd then becomes hopelessly inconsistent?.'this things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with te things which, ancoirding tb the rule, ought to be predicted. It isdei?ikei to prophesy wealth, but tlie lines of the palm mean poverty, or thie lines of the wrist-an extension of the art at which we fancy the . forgotten Ilindoos or fire-worshipping Chaldeans, who itvented the whole business, would have smiled-and s•o the prediction comes out as poverty, to be followed by unexpected good fortune. It is a silly game, but not without its mischiefs. There is a kihd of sceptical credulity which is most characteristic of oir, day, whoen people will believe uinvthiug except revelation, and think a wizard a far more likely being to exist than any sort of angel ; and we faner manyailistener finds his or her judgment ot character warped by anu authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledlged derived from something more to be trusted than ex perience. Predictions, too, stick in the mind, and work their own fulfilment, some times with effects which are seriously in jurious. The practice, too, though it would be folly to make too much of it, has un doubtedly one effect which on "any minds is far froimt beneficial. It deve?os; that taste for the indulgence of a:eak wonder which of all intellecthual foibles is the one that mnost e:feebles tile character, prematurely debauching as it does the nobler I instincts of reverence and faith. The fibre of the mind is weakene, and the "open i inquirer" becomes liable to a mental disease I which may be best described as imbecile t credulity, credulity which is not faith, and is I as impervious to evidence as nwater covered with ia film ofoil is impervious to air. Tlhe t epiritualists, when they are sincere, at all events seek sonmethlini worth secking, con crete evidence of a future state; but the deorotees of thlese methods of guessing have xotreven the exe.use of an end. If theyculd see a into the fiture, they would be in no way the gainers, for the very conditiobu of its being the future is that they can neither hurry nor re tuard nor in any way alter it. It has been oaid by keen observers that one startling sign of the approaching fall of a society is the rise . n it of seepticism and suverstition at once; and thoug we are not -Essmnits about England, where endless symptoms appeiar rhich are only skin-deep. it wan certainly truaebefore Iome fell and. efore the Rlntl- b id?o engulfed the idnhirenrs o3'Cagliostf~;," . 