The House on the Scar. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. Bt Bertha Thomas. Ch after XV.— A BOLD STROKE, AND A BOLDER. The followingaf ternoon Mrs. Beverley went off to her appointment with her son-in-law at the Mount, leaving the strictest orders that no visitor should bn admitted during her absence. It was the first time she bnd left the house and her daughter since the latter's mysterious midnight apparition. Amy seemed better this afternoon, and bad managed to drag herself downstairs, where her mother left her comfortably established on the drawing-room sofa. She -if . was feeling stupid and queer, the effect of a sleeping draught given her last night — too stupid to ihink, thankful to be spared the least immediate responsi bility. So she lay in a dreamy stuper, not suffering from any positive discomfort, except this overwhelming prostra tion, making: tho most trifling exertion of mind or body a formidable effort — and with something of the invalid or convalescent's deadness to all but materially present things, and increased sensibility to these : tne golden rays of fart- fading sunshine falling aslant the carpet ; the robin's song in the ilex trees near the window; the fragrance of a verbena plant filling the room. Rest ar.d quiet had already brought her nerves into better order ; but her delicate and easily- deprested organism did not rally all at once — as susceptible as an infant's at this stage, and with scarcely more strength. She dozed off for 10 minute-, then opened her eyes, still but half awake, and dreaming on, lulled by the twilight that bad fallen and the stillness of the house. A dream-feeling as of the old time (it was only four months' dead)— the days of her urt-lrenzy, her stu dent's phase of ardent enthusiasm, the sketching expe ditions with David up the creeks, along the cliffs, art walks, art-talks — and it was like going back to tbe doll's tea-parties, the sand-castles, the Christuiaf-trees, and ghost stories of early childhood — both alike seemed immeasurably distant and eternally closed. So the imprefsions of the near and tbe distant past floated confusedly upwards ; herself, yet not herself — so utterly remote from the Amy of the moment. From this idle, soothing trance she was startled by the crash of glass, broken and falling on the floor of the room where she lay. With a nervous start she Eat up. A sharp blow struck by a hand outside had chattered tho window pane; the same hand thrust through ihe opening, unfastened tbe casement, flung it open, an da figure — her husband's — stepped in. It all happened in a breath. The next instant be was betide her, speak ing emphatically and low. u l'orpive me, Amy, for frightening you ; I could not help it.' He was gently torciDg her to lie down again whilst he spoke on : 'As 1 walked up from the gale I saw j ou in here, with only the window between, and— well tbe if mptation took me to force my way in ! straight, since force it I mu6t, and save tbe preliminary skirmish with your mother's servant girl, who yesterday refused me admittance point-blank— not verj pleasant, you must own.' He bad seated himself beside ber, taking her band in his ; fixing his eyes on her face in uneasy iDquirv, be continued firmly and composedly : ' She, your mother, -insisted that I should _ go awav without feeing you; the talked and talked till 1 gave in. But I fouid 1 could not make up my mind to that, Amy— not at least to leaving you without hearing from your own mouth what your wit-heB were.' Amy's bewildered countenance was a sheer blank. She felt to dull-witted Bnd helpless, the fumes of last night's narcotic still slightly affecting her head, dazed afresh by the surprise of bis impetuous but kindly manner. Tben came a rush of infinite relief ; in his tone there was not a touch of the just annoyance and displeasure her extraordinary proceeding — sure to bring scandal and ridicule on them both — was calculated to raise. Her offence had had no provocation, and his for bearance and durability, where 6he deserved only re proaches, were heaping coals of fire on her head. But the first moment she could only wonder and be glad. A latent sense of his natural and furious vexation had oppressed her more than she was aware of. ? He drew nearer to tier side. Lying there, flushed by emotion, her pretty hair in a silken tangle, her parted lips trembling faintly to an imploring smile, she was a very sweet little morsel of humanity indeed, and might have softened the ire of a Bluebeard. Elliston, ex tremely susceptible to beauty's influence, bad a move ment of fondness towards his' wife. His look was any thing but that of tbe pained, agerieved husband ; and there was no feigning in the lover'6 gallantry of his j tone as he murmured : j «? Darling, why did you run from me that accursed night?' A crimson blush overspread Amy's face; she would have buried it in her hands, but he held them both. She struggled faintly, but he had her at his mercy ; she could not hide her shame. She answered wilh a nainfnl effort : ' George, 1 cannot tell you ; it would sound too foolish. 1 was mad, I think. Something drove me. I was so afraid.' His brows contracted ; he let her go, pushed bock his chair abruptly; his voice was cold — harsh, almost— as he said sharply, still scanning her countenance: ' Afraid of what?' Amy kept him waiting a few moments for ber answer, and he caught a little, not untender, fluttering smile on her lips ere they whispered, inaudibly : ' Of making a fool of myself in your sight, George.' His features suddenly relaxed ; he was bending down, with his arm clasping her waist, and he kisEed her hard and repeatedly. But Amy gave him a despairing, reproachful glance; she withdrew her hand, and tnrned her face from him, pressing it against, the cushions, a tremor of agitation shook ber whole frame with an agony of mental conflict. It said, 'Kemembef.' ? _ He allowed her to free herself, rose, and walked dis turbedly up and down the room, controlling as well as he could tbe impatience reflected on his troubled coun tenance ; then coming to a . standstill .by . the sofa, where she lay with face still averted : 'Amy,' he said, plainly, 41 it is necessary 1 should know how I stand with you.' He paused ; 6he neither stirred nor &peke.; He continued, with some vehe mence : ...' If you hate me, teli me so. Don't be afraid. I shan't thrust myself upon you, but if you are to be taken from me, I mu6t know first from your own lips that such is your desire.' 'I, to be taken from you?' echoed Amy, wearily and amazedly. ' Aye,' he ground .'his teeth, and stamped almost fiercely. ' Your mother— she means well, I don't doubt — is plotting to. get me out of the way— to . send me to sea— anywhere, no -matter, so I go. 1 think if ,1 levanted altogether she would not be sorry; fhe has never forgiven me for taking her only daughter. Are you a party to thiB, Amy ? Do you want to shake me off— let me go my own way, and become of me what may, what must— without you r' ' I never thought of such a thing— never dreamt you were going at all,' said Amy, truthfully. Elliston's face cleared. 'Just as I thought,' he said. ' They have been deceiving you, treating you like a child or an invalid. Listen, your mother has settled it. 1 am to go cruising to-morrow for so long as suitB her good pleasure, to Southampton, to Guern sey — to hell. I am to leave my wife behind — those are my orders.' Amy drew a long breath — pressed her hand to her forehead, trying to think. He resumed significantly : ?' The other night when 1 asked you, you said you would not hang back, you would go. 1 won't bind you to your promiee; perhaps I don't deserve your com pany. But you knew that when you made the promise.' Amy could not contradict him. Her wandering eyes seemed seeking, craving for help and direction, and only met his nnshrinkiner authoritative, soliciting gaze. There came a hurst of impotent pussiou. ??'S life ! I was a fool to believe you when you said you could love the man I' was. Did I pretend to you I had a white record P You heard my stoiy, Amy. yet left your hand in mine. Only, I forgot 1 was talking to a puritanical, prim- spirited schoolgirl. Women in England live and die in the nursery in their ideas; your mother is there still. When I spoke of my black list, it passed -with yon for a few ungodly oaths wrapped out, or dice on Sundays, or a night's debauch, or rough handling of a nigger. What do you know of a fighting man's life, and what it means, - with its chances and temptations ?' He broke off. Amy was thinking that she knew something now. You can't bear even to hear them related, poor un fledged bsrds that you are ! Once face the truth about your lover, your husband, you cry and run, your school girl love atd baby-spirit crushed like a juassbopper.' He turned on bis heel with impatience and derision. But Amy started to her feet with a cry of pain. '?George, you don't, you never will understand. Cannot you see that I love you, and that I_ am wretched, became everything else in me, everything I ever felt befoie and believed true and right, tells me I ought not':' Yet 1 cannot go back on what 1 have felt for you. I did Jove you George, though I knew a little of how you had lived, and 1 do still now, though 1 know the worst; it cannot be wrong. Oh, am I not your wife 'r' Elliston had caught her in his embrace, and to her excited speech he returned lire, audaciously and confi dently, with the acute zest of the hunter at the deciding moment of the chase : ?' Never, Amy. Love laughs at everything that is not itself; that's tbe same all the world over. Out here your pirates and shai ks call themselves commer cial geniuses, or smart law; ere, that's alltbedifltrence. There were wreckers among your fine folks in Orestone not. so long ago. Nobody is so honest as you think, and those who staee their lives in the game are to my mind the more respectable of the two. But there, u hat's all.tbis parson's talk for '( we needn't do their work for them. And you've said it— you are my wife. For better or worse you have taken me, my beauty, and I shall keep you now. You had my confession already, and now, Amy, I have yours.' 'George!' She abandoned herself; he held her eagerly, as if he was carrying, hurrying ber away from some perilous spot. 'Come,' he said. ' Where— to tbe Mount?' said Amy, with an instant, palpable shrinking. Nervously weakened still, she was haunted by a sombre retrospective impression of that fateful evening, and of ber insensate seeming fit, as though the sinister force of association might bring it back again. 'No, no; to tbe Watersprite now,' he returned, promptly. She lies close in the harbour — tbe boat is waiting at the jetty to take us across. Conio just as you are, Amy; in five minutes v.e shall be on board.' He was wrapping ber up carefully in fhe large fur cloak that hung over the sofa ; muffled her head in tbe hood. ' It is getting dusk, you will not be noticed and stared at. I will come back at once to fetch your mother to see you theie.. and to-moirow we shall sail, you and I together, alter all.' His insistance, bis impatience, whirled her along to yield unresistingly ; sbe had nothing to do, nothing to oppose ; the physical spell of his presence was power luJ, and there was no motive for resistance to his will. There was still to her something of the unreality of a dream about what was passing. Sbe suffered him to act— Ibis kidnapping of bis own wife was an adven ture after his own heart: he even chuckled at the fact : of they two flying secretly from the house like guilly lovers. His arm supported, swept ber out of doors, down tbe garden walk to the gales, like a child. His whisper fell on ber ear as he opened them ; ' So I have bad to woo and win you twice over, my pretty runaway. You will stay with me now.' A single figure that was loitering near the gates of Sunnyside, and vanished into tbe shadow of theangle'of the wall as Elliston opened them, saw him come out with his charge, it followed them at some distance, cautiously, as' they turned down the road, here become the High-street, whence a slit of a lane, a few steps onward, led immediately to the tiny landing stage. They went down the steps, and presently, a little boat struck off, rowing swiltly towards where the masts of the Waters prite were visible by the lights in the harbour. It was David's figure waiting there, unseen by hus band and wife. He watched the boat push off, then turned up the street and seemed to stagger blinoly for a few steps. Not that the (Ecapade he had just wit nessed had exactly taken him by surprise. He was tne prey of a monstrous suspicion, too unwar ranted by a shred* of evidence for him to dare breathe it to a living soul. But it ( aught him in a vice; and this last move of Elliston's tightened tbe hold over him of bis atiocious fancy, his nameless presage. '* Amy setting sail with that blackguaid? He will not let her go, for she knows too much, I suspect. Not all, though ? ' Here was a precipice; be re coiled from it, and tried to think in a matter-of-fact way. ' She loved him and married him, knowing some thing, perhaps, of what he was. Does he love her 'r ' '1 o-day, perhaps; but to- morrow ? No telling. With such an 'unequal mate she is bound for misery, which is no affair of yours, David Fei rier. But if ior danger, right or wrong, my affair it shall be.'' The force of events was driving David, as occa sionally happens, to act for once violently out of character. His was diffident to excesB, consequently inert and unready — all tbe enterprise in him damped by over-caution and depression; yet the extravagant pro ject forming in his mind, and now flatly determined on, was that of an adventurer. It was no proot that he was growing courageous -a man's nature altereth not— rather such a single rash step as may drain the boldness out of such a youth for the rest of his life. But once overstep the bounds of your nature, end you may go further in 'a certain direction than those who have not had to violate their instincts at the start, as unhampered now by your real self as a good man by his goodness when enacting a villain's part on the stage. David walked on down the narrow High-street, and entered the tavern of the 'lurk's Head, where at the bar he met the expected figure of Elliston's ship's cook, by name John Sims, one of a fresh lot recently im ported by tbe former for biB coming trip. David had treated this man before, and now treated him again, receiving in return the bits of information he sought about the Watersprite, the crew, and their orders. Doomed by his temperament to be a mere looker on at life for the mo&t; part, he had become, in return, a tolerable judge of character, and had gauged tbat of Sims, not inaccurately, as one well adapted to his pur pose; easy- going, and shrewd, greedy of gain, and as .unfettered by scruples as David generally was over weighted by their inconvenience. He was a stranger alike to Orestone and to Elliston, who had picked him up at Plymouth. David got him alone in the parlour, and pretended to listen to his yarns — poured out over a goodly supply of pipes and ale— preparing his speech. His newborn boldness knew no shuffling or vacillation, but he waited till his boon companion had reached the proper point of grateful familiarity before launching hiB proposal. ' Look here, Sims,' he said, abruptly, but with broad significance, ' have you a mind to earn three hundred pounds?' The man stared at him, winked, laughed, and drained his glass. ' Bless my soul ! that's about what I want to set me up in a little grog shop over at Plymouth that I know of, where I'd turn over thousands in the year — — ' Then glancing interrogatively J-t David, ' But what's the joke, sir? for, as Bure aB my name's John .Sims, I don't see it.' ' If a no joke,' said David ; 'only I've a mind to take this cruise with you in the Watersprite' — he hesitated, then added, in a matter- of-fact way, as if it were a most ordinary proposal he was' making — 'but in the character of one of the hands, not my on n. The skip per's not to know. I'll undertake to dish myself up so tbat he won't recognise me in a hurry. He needn't see me close, the ship's big enough. You can keep me out of his way if you choose; and I'll pay you well for it, as I said.'' Taking out his pocket- book he produced the money — his capital just realised, a6 we know, to carry out his ?London projects. The man glanced deeply at the bank-notes, then squinted up at David, elily and suspiciously. ??Ave; out I'd like to know what may be your game, to do such a tiling *' Well, it's a fancy of mine,' said David ; ' and if vou see how any mischief can come of it to a living soul, you're sharper than I am, that's all. A young man's freak. Now, what do you say? ' and he slowly restored the notes lo his pocket-book. 'A hundred if you smuggle me on board as your mate. Another hundred if we reach the larthest point of the cruise without your letting the cat out of the bag — tbe sailors don't know me, remember ; there's no difficulty except with £ili6ton and his wife — and the third when wo get home.' The man thought' and thought. Of a sudden his eye twinkled wickedly. 'Ah, well,' he said, ' Mrs. iilliston's a rare pretty las, they say.' David controlled his. sensations. ' Mrs. Elliston,' he replied drily, ' i6 the last person I want to have the faintest suspicion of the thing; if tbe least hint reaches her our bargain is up on the spot. You told me yesterday you wi re commissioned to find an extra hand, but the* wapes were too low. Say I'm from the country, and want to get to wherever you're going, and will give my services for a free pastaee — it's true as i . gospel. Once there, you can say 1 like the life, and will lake the voyage back again.' 'Well,' said the man, with an indescribable rascally good nature, 'it's not lor the likes of me to cross question or judge a young gentleman like you. Even it the skipper finds you out, I don't suppose there'll be murder. Only you'll not contradict me then if i swear I took you for the workhouse lud or whatever we give you out to be.' ? ' Certainly not.' Siuis nodded. 'Then I'm your man for the lark,' said he, familiarly. 'You shail have your first payment to-night,' said David. ' When aad where shall l meet you 'r' ' The skipper dines on board at 7. We'll run it as lite as we can — to make all safe at tbestart, anyway. I'll slip ashore at 10. Y'u come to me at the landing bteps; it's black as ink wilh just a twinkling light or two. I'll whistle — so. You answer the signal if you're there.' # * * * * * The Ferrier family, David excepted, were dining out that night ; the servants had profited thereby to hold a jollification in the kitchen; David walked indoors un heard, and locked biuieelf into his room. Later, when tbe backstairs orgie was at its loudest, the front door opened and shut again, and a stranger figure stepped out and was quickly swallowed up in the darkness of the serpentine, lonely lanes. i Tbe Ferriers, one Christmas, had got up some theatricals. David, forced into the service for an un grateful part no one else would hear of taking, bud dis tinguished himself somewhat by that complete external metamorphosis to which natural insignificance ot person lends itself best. ' Well,' bis father was heard saying, in the front row, ' 1 shall know Dave, anyway, directly he comes on,' David at that very moment being there before him, in tbe guise of a servant-apprentice, dusting a table witb his elbow. ' Split me ! ' exclaimed tbp inquisitive and expectant Sims, when, on ihe second signal only, he ventured to respond to David's whistle, and accost his quondam acquaintance. ' I was looking out for a surprise, but, hadn't thought you could diddle me like that. Ellistcn '11 have to be Old Nick himself if beBpots you.' ' Mrs. Elliston's on board,' eaid tbe man, as they rowed across. ' Is she'r' said David, indifferently: but he listened as bis friend related how Elliston had brought Mrs. Beverley over to the Watersprite, and all three had dined together on board, and parted seemingly in peace and harmony. Mrs. Beverley evidently had had to for give her son-in-law his ruse and infraction of her pre mises while leaving her to wait and wait for him at the Mount, as successful insurgents are bound to be for given. By thus taking the law into his own hands, he had forced on the reconciliation 6be had thought to bring about in a longer way. Explanations delayed, leaving Amy to brood, might have widened the breach ; the present consummation would save the unlucky fact of her flight from exaggeration in her mind or his, as well as in the common talk. Elliston just now was on shore, reconducting Mrs. Beverley to tunnvside gallantly. Had she even wished to detain Amy, how could she do so, husband and wife having otherwise agreed 'i i I ' Wei1,' said Mr. Sims's face distinctly, as he and his companion boarded tbe Watersprite, and the flashing lights showed him David's disfigurement; his darkened, blurred skin; coarse, matted head of hair; discoloured hands, and rough, ill-fitting clothing ; ragged, incipient beard ; and eyelids shrunken and red, ' if the young fool is sweet on Mrs. Elliston, it may yet be true what he says : that ho wouldn't have her know him in these duds for a kingdom.' ' Are we ourselves or our clothes ?' David was think ing, oddly, as he tumbled into his berth, next to that of his confederate. If6 thought of them at Lannacombe, reading the letter he had left on the hall table, stating merely that he was leaving them rather sooner than he expected, And that they would hear from him later on. He had previously spoken of his London plan: and they would have nothing to wonder at but his precipitate action — his abrupt departure, and shrug their shoulders once more at hi6 hopelessly erratic mode of conducting (or misconducting) himself. But what would they have thought of him liad they known the fact that David, in disguise, was slipping on board Mr. Elliston's yacht, in the assumed character of one of the subordinates 'i And his object 'r At first tbe mere vagary of a fertile imagination it had lain hid in his head, and sprang forth despotic, a set purpose, the moment he saw Elliston taking his wife— forgiven or forgiving, on whichever side pardon was due— over to his yacht. ' If sbe goes with him, so will I ; that some one shall be near, in case — — ' In case of what 'r Some one to watch him ; apprise her friends if ber safety is endangered ; shield her if call arises, at the cost of his life. Should there be nothing to auprehend — should the worst be a hideous iigment at his WTetched, disordered lover's brain — well, tbe world will go on, and sbe need never know. (To be continued.) 