WOMAN'S COLUMN. WOMEN AND THE FINE ARTS. I Anyone interested in the advancement of women | at all can hardly help being struck by the rapid progress ther are making, year by year, in path, once considered sacred to men alone, Art, science, literature, music though it must be confessed that so far, with a few rare exceptions, they have accomplished nothing great in any of these directions-all number their feminine votaries by h and are Js, nay, thousands, says a century ago, they would have been counted by units. That this is a movement in the right direction, and an earnest of those good times coming when women, without losing their womanliness, shall be true and satisfying companies for, and even, where necessary or desirable co-workers with men, no one who thinks will attempt to deny. But like every desirable development in the world, it has its little drawbacks, and though these arise principally from the youth and freshness of the present order of things, and time will be certain to modify, if not eventually remove them a together, it can hardly do harm-it may do good to touch upon one or two of the most serious of them, First, the flood of indifferent, in some instances positive ly worthies, work that women are poiS into the market, and which, from an uafortnnaU yet praiseworthy feeling of chivalry, a desire to "encourage" our girls to employ their Wtw hours in doing something" that may GHOSTS in n Rail_ them in a little money and praise, or sometimes from the possession of a A central fronds in high places, gets palmed off somehow upon a long-suffering public as music painting, or literature. I have lying before me now a very clever article by a woman who has so faithfully, steadily, and perseveringly climbed those heights of artistic success that she is entitled to be regarded as an authority by her loss favoured sisters, in which she deplores-in terms kind, vat uncompromisingly pain, and even severence grow- ing evil of the " amateur " element in art among them. " Any girl," she says. " who can mix two colours together to make a third, or who can draw a figure which in some sort resembles the thing it is meant to represent, forthwith rushed into an exhibition of ladies' art, and thinks she has achieved distinction by the process. She knows so little of the art she attempts as to be ignorant of her shortcomings and because she finds the occupation pleasant, and has been praised by the home circle, she imagines she has not ' divine spark, and can win the probate of the criticising world." In literature it is just the same, even worse, perhaps, for I think there are more frequent ins areas of women trying to "gate-money " by writing than in any of the fine arts, as there are mare lamentable failure, Mrs. Lynn Linton, herself a novelist of no mon order, expresses herself very strongly on this point in a late number of the Art Renew. " Literaten indeed," she declares, " is more widely resorted to by amateurs than even painting. If' a girl has the very smallest faculty for day- dreaming, she assumes that she can weave a readable romance, where the power of drawing lifelike character, of keeping up a sustained and nature! conversation, of making a graphic description, and of gradually unravelling a possible plot, will come by that magic inspiration in which amateurs so touchingly confide. For the minor matters of style, of composition, of even elemental grammar, the self-complacent amateur has small heed, Not knowing the requisites, cho does not know the lack of them in her own method, but effects her poor little effort with a hope, a confidence to the last degree pathetic, in view of the inevitable disappointment that has to come, Not one of the hundreds of untrained writers who rush into literature as a paying business or a private amusement has the very faintest idea of the need of an apprenticeship. All think that if they can write a letter they can write a book, and that the one requires a no more perfect literary equipment than the other, and no more arduous training. If they have money they pay the publisher who bring them out. If they are poor, they have lost the time which might have been employed in some work of a more practical and loss ambitious kind, i and in either case they have emphatically wasted energies which had a valuable and useful outlet, if only they would have found it." As regards the motives which lead women to rush thus unprJpired and unarmed into publicity, I think Mrs. L na Linton is unjust to at least nine-tenths of he sex when she asserts that " To be spoken of in the pipe is as honey and butter ' to them that her that once dreaded to see its name in print as it would have dreaded any other for a of disgrace, " When their claim years no in her," she adds, " a laudatory notice of the cut of a cloak or the colour of a gown satisfies the ambitious craving, and is for the moment sufficiency of honour. Whatever else my stand as characteristic of this special time, the extraordinary influx of women into public life, and their intense desire for notoriety, must be put in the forefront heading all the rest." Only a a very small proportion of the many feminine] candidates for literary or artistic honours I am convinced of this verdict deserved. The fact is that in those days of fuller education, university honours, claims for equal social and political rights and so on, women are beginning to bestir themselves into a state of far greater mental activity, and with in creased energy and higher ambitions come strong desires to employ their powers in the flat legitimate outlet open to them, and the fine or afford this. " But the home 1" cry some good pc the who look askance at any fern nine work, apart f ire cooking, nursing, and stocking-mending, as a tremendous in- novation, and the woman who reads a thing more dramatic than a cookery book, or a " Mother's Household Berne lies," as a sort of BOC 1 bombshell who might go off at any moment in a direction as unexpected as dangerous. " The one is the woman's province, There is her proper sphere, Her children, her husband, her friends, h . household duties, surely she should not neglect the " By no means, my dear Madam, but if she has any capacity for management, and enjoy fairly comfortable means, there will still be many hours at her own disposal in which she could extend 1 r sphere of work and influence a little, without injury, may, with benefit to those around her. And herein lies her danger. That she resorts to art, not as a high calling, not even as a serious professor for which it is necessary to go thoroughly into 'raining, but as an " amusement," or a " nice expedient for making a little pocket money" and so I 6th, and so forth. Never was there a more correct fallacy, of a theory so damning to art in its best pose. If women are determined to enter the lists with men, and compete with them on equf grounds and they are commencing to do so, M only in art and poetry, but in the more masculine studies of medicine, surgery, mathematics, chemistry, and the exactor sciences-they must work upon a man's standard, sink chivalric distinction?, can be content to fail or succeed according to theirJleserts, independently of all questions of sex, and of the subtle differences of brain power, nerve food, <* seats and more sensitive organisation theatre involved. They must accept rebuffs with to dame phlox sophy, be discontented if cleared of last even though severe, criticism from motives of conventional "politeness," and live as Arm and practical a belief in "training" as a PrinT fighter or a rowing man, and they will be grateful to those who, from the vantageground of a fuller and larger experience than their ok will correct their errors, strengthen their weakness, subtle,. exaggeration, bring harmony into died, as give them a firmer hold of artistic tra! and beauty. And unless they feel so, let them take out allows "I would have every boy and gin taught arts sacredness," says an English novels "BO we might intime get back some accuracy it taste in the public, Borne conscientiousness of production in the artist If artistic creation be note ryan imperious necessity, an instinct of all the faces of the mine, let the boy go and plough, anTheM.S,? reply FAUSTINA 