THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Theatre Koyal. " The Hlaek Country." —Princess' Theatre. "Honu-o mid .Juliol.' \- liij DU Theatre. The l*ickpo( k«it.'" -Opora Houso. " N'ow-e-D »yf." \- Alexandra Thoatrc. " r^stor and Mftn." —Victoria nail. The U.S. MmctrclP. —WoxworltF mid Mnsccjn. Tho }Miourprfl) h. — Cvdoranm. l^attle of Walorloo. —TrftTtre V«Io lias ftou^ to Now —TI.e Stncny " nmiB tbo ]i.->atm«:ti" are in Melbourne. —At thf fivdroy Aluamhra mati'iw pfrformannra aro tho vf-ry latnpt. — An f xfpllcnt supplv of l^iOtOfjrjipliB Iiab bfifin laid in bv Sludo Marrav. —Mr. i'.bnvlofi Brafllev plav, f^'jiiotiiiR bush a»ti s —ill R^ntrnvn linp n'n IUIV jnarto V.iniBnlf inimonsely popular iu front nf <ha lionse at tlio Alexftndra Tlj^&tre.; —" Goofl OM Mttvv Aun " nii^e fatnonfl by tli<=» pnpulRr fi'ado Mnrrav in sr>nRp jb shorlly to appear in a uew drees—thnt of butlcfquc. —Pat And FJIa MurnHy, postcardiua nflfrom Colombo, 2nd July, siato that thev Rro fainouely, and or jo\iug tlie vo\ ago homo to Lot-dcm imujcueoly. —Mrp. William Hov«co l^nnt conMniiRB to bo ono of t.lin loadjpe lit'btfi ai 1 be iVoplp'fl popular concprtJ 8 . Husband nornce is one of Ibe biff Runs "over tho way" at 1I10 Vic. —TJ'fl Jjvnnh Far^iJv n^IIrrnp^rfl vf^ry FurrpFsful P« j afonB at, ]*«0}firat and GPP'OI'R on Saturday )MP(.. T buy procfp«] on tonr (brotip)i New Soutli Walos 011 FrMay. commeuciuR at SyiHioy. —D^n Carry's Company finvod t.bo 1-4Ifttb find intb •TnH- at (}^HlnnR to crow.iod IIO-ifpr. " Tbn l^arRoira 0 »th " bpinc tho (I'ttmn crtvJ. Tho epoak of 1I10 company c.6 tho bppt BPHD in fioolong for a long time. ~T7ow jiopnlpr lilond Holt ie, r.txl what a highly prop, p^ronp p> anon («bat ip if prrsmt appeftravicea co for pnvtb'tif) IP nbnut rn have tbo A]< x^ndra Tbeatro. Tl«f Quarl^f el .lolly Good J-VI^OV.R—" Dnn^picr, nolt, Iliil fit- HK^^fi KOPC." — As rvfrv'-^ily antifipa<fd. our Maqcio IIRB cmiRbt nti at Vi-r Mfj«'6ty : B ThfOtrp. S durv. in " Mi-c, tho Caatawav.' What a bnso fnvot:r>to Misp MnpRi'' 1 Moor« IP. '.vbilut as an ac'rrsR and vocalint—but, tbt-ro, this bes all bren paid bi foro tiuioe out of umnlier. -That popular vor^lipt and comedian. Mr. Alf. Holland, ip b^eU in llie Marvcllonf—dipejiL'Hfod. Tbo person hlnris nip. tonnmc a \»^ttfr vocalist i'.'.ler* uciil"r, cr.mn^ifn and cenpral alj.round miosiri-l performer than SI•*. AU. Holland takes in baud a contract that ipn't eaf-ily fuinilf-d. —Afr. HherMau and hi' " Vun-on-tbe- HriPtol" ouco ocai" hap«' atii'boroi in our mid^i. Sinew ber last vipit the \V»dow 0 I'.riou hflR hnd ber i ntcrifiinm^nip r«conp'rneted. Mnhnny ie shortly to j-^-opnn at tbo Opera HOUP<*, Mellioumr-, wbeu, doubtless, we will have another edition of the Sheridan boom. — Chavlio and Mr?. Hugo and Company htivo been doinfl well at the lioval Princes**, Raudburst. Ventriloonpapfd wit.b <be('onipany. On quisi Oscnr Sniiili liifl Jfist nipht, of the season Mr. and Mrs. HURO "were tnnder<»d a RrHiid complimentary bemlit. Tbo HulTalo announces bis ititvmiou of visiting China, America and Kui ope. —Professor Andcreon, the Wizard of tbo Nortb, 1)86 turned up again, tliis time at ibe Syrtnoy H-yaift'andaTd, where he is ably assisted bv Miss H!anche Granville. The IVofeppor niril;rB a fealnro of a new act., " Tbn Phnutoni of Ijovelini BP," in which he "spirits himself awaj.Vow, as far bf tiiPHtricalB arc concvtnod f ere, that'll do.-liditor 1'rNcn.j —Tbo newa from Sydney antmt tho Nellie Stewart Opera Company is of tbo most brilliint d^poiipttou,and the probabilities at tin.e of writinc nrothat NeSlie will in th>£ pan of world fairly outshine her Melbourne Foason. Gtonf favrtuifes. of courf« «ro M^mo. 7b;rto», th«i Oblv Nellie, Accio l\olton, ICnight, Jolmuy Gourlay, Harry Hodeou. Jjoitch aud SnaK".lle. —Footecray. theatrically epeakiup, tokefi tho lead of all tho suburbs, not onlj oue, but two,real live fhowe llourifhirR every Saturday night. At the lrcal Tou)- }wrni:c>2 HalJ the W«)f)j aud King MinptndF mako things num. snd ai the theatre a Dramuiic Company, made up priueiphlly of metropolitan pt rfoiniprs. aro c-n huud. Jiftst OJO latter company put up a blood eurdlrr entitled 'Muck ti c U pper." WbitccbfipelWfcP, judRing by tho"house," are popular oul in that direction, —Op Thursday uight last tho Good Templars' Entertaining Association ' bed a night out in ihetr hail, Napier-street, South Melbourne. This perfonnauco on the whole me a good one, tho more prominent features being the linlcopy Scene frnm " Homoo and .luUeV iu which Miss Hlckie aud Mr. Maddocks distinguished thena^elvep, the Ghost Scene from "Hamlet." Mr. Hickie ae tho molauelH'ly Dane, Mr. Btddy as Horatio and Mr. Stoker as the ghost of Hamlets father. Amongst other iten»B the third act of "JulinB Caesar"' waP Ruhmltted, Mr. Sea ten as Julius, Mr. Young as Marc Autonv, Mr. Maddocks a8 IhutiiP, Mr. Mathows afi Cai-sius aud Mr. tiiggiuboiham as Mettellur. -Dan Harry will arrive in Melbourne next Tuesday, While in towu ho will have new sctinory painted, aud other elaborate mountings prepared, for a new pi« ce whieh he has in view for hia approaching spring proviocial tour. Dau states that the production in question Will bo tho biggest ever seen in the country. He intends engaging a big company, aud will advertise the show with the most gorgcoUB display of pictorial and show pnutiDg ever seen in the provinces. Dau hasn t divulged the name of the author o! hip. new piece, so we take it for granted it must bo hiiUFOlf. Good luck to you, Dan. Von deBerve it, au4 always command it. —Theatrical nmuAt-'orp in America aro greatly disturbed by the ruliuq of the Inter Stato Commerce Commission, which compels all railroad companies to exact full pissenger rates from all theatrical combinations. This interpretation of tho law will have tbo effect of lowering the standard of theatrical entertainments, and will make it necoassry for all travelling managers to reduce the numerical strength of their companies. Company, comprising ProfeBsor and Mrs. Baldwin (Miss Kate Jlussell), Mr. Jim nell, Miss Constance and Ado Delroy, arrived hero by 1'. and 0. s.s. Uallarat aDd wi be in West Australia four weeks, and then proceed to Rutland per s.s. Or^uui. Judging by tho comments of the natives at the immense variety and quantity of tho advertising material, the company will make a big sensation here.—Yours truly, S. S. WMin. 5th July. P.S.-liusinessin Albany very large" —The Profespor, writing from Perth, W. A., Sunrtny, 13th July 1890, thus:—" Editor,PUNCH and BULLETIN.— lialdwiD's Hutterfly Company, including Kate Russell, Ada Delroy, Miss Constance, Jim Bell, Albert Phillips and Baby Nick, have been creating a eouuino Beusatiou in Preemantle. For three days every seat was sold in advance at 4s. The company open in Perth to-tuorrow (Monday) night, and already all the reserved eeais are sold. Other sIjowb up liere have often "gone bung," and tho country is very dull There is much kickiDg " at the high prices charged by liftldwin's Co., but they come all the same.—Vours truly. S. B. BALD- WIN'. P.R.—The Company sail for England in the Oceana 35th July." —The good people of Sydney, as a mat k of sympathy with Mr, G. Milu'e, the tragedian, hi-Ui misfortunes, h organised ft coucert for the benefit of Mrs. Milu (Miss Jjouisa Jordanl,now in Sydney,and who hap just convalesced, to anable ber to join ber husband in town. This coucert, nuder the patronage of the Mayor and Mayoress ol Sidney, tho Colonial Treasurer, aud othor influential residents, comes off in the Young Men'B Christian Associa'ion Hall. Pitt Btrebt, on Thursday. 17th July. Among the artists who voluuteered their services are : — Miss JosephineD<jakin,Mrs. Pechotsch.flrasei-fl. Kowale Poussard, L<\ J. Ffallewcll. W. H Ca.df.ow, aud others. —Song writers, like tho early m)niiu<; mmhrooui, spring up. & Metropolitan manager has received from Evans-street, Brunswick, tho following precious document. " Dear Sir,— Herewith please Sad accompanying topical song, which 1 venture to forward fur your perusal. 1 don't know if same be worth a place in the repertoire of any of the artiste performing at present the . rfao, arraingrueuts for copyright of words can he mado with the writer. If sou? he unsuitable, would you kindly return MS. at your earliest convenience. Yours truly, •—-. Stamp attached to cover postage." Nood wo add that the 'arraiugineuts" for copyright are not made ? —Talking of the unemployed, "man, poor man 1" up to the time of our going to press haB had it pretty well all his own way. ItisjustbarcJypossihle, however, that the ma6B meetings, street processions aud deputations to distinguished persons that are so common uoiv-a-days may ere long find their way in amongst the ranks of tho softer sex. Fancy "open-air tneetiugs of the lady une ployed." Petticoat Govemuieutl vvhmp I A few days ago a member of the ((ady) unemployed found her way to Carltou, where a lynx-eyed wearer of the beloiot saw her. fie ran her in on the vag. S IM faced the music, and told the ttench her tale of woe They sympathised with her to such an extant that she was sent to prison for fourteon days I That Bhe was a thoroughly welleducated lady there waB not tho shadow of a doubt. She spoke no less than five different languages, and at the —Madame Cora (who iBou the ovo of touring Australia is a native of Ohio, America. Aftor fallowing the dramatic profession tor A c7Upleof years io Cincinnati, Bhe WAS takeu iu hand by Professor Moray, a wellkuowu illusionist, aud after travelling with him for auother two years, Bhe toured tho United States on her owu account. She sailed for Australi i iu 1873, playing tho Smdwich Islands en route. She made throe tours Australia aud the adjacent colonies, played Java twice tou years ago and once again only recently. South America saw the popular lady magician iu ]'•S.I SJIHII Africa, West Indies, Canada and other places following. Her latest trip was through British Iu<lia, Afghanistan, flelooehistan, Cashmere, liurwati. Straics SHtlemeuts Sumatra, Siam, China, Japiu, &c.; Oo finiahiug the contemplated Australian tour, Aladame Cora aud agent, Mr. Chisolholm, will ouce agiin ro-orgaiiis-j, this time bouud towards Mauritius We wish M the success her enterprise uudouhtedly deserves. —We have received the following frool Bourke:—" 10th Julv, 1890 - Dear Sir,—I enclose notices we received in Mudgec, Dubbo aud llourke. Since mylast we have had a hit of very had luck, being 'stuck up' in Warren for three woeks on accouut of tho Macquario lliver oversowing, and the creek betweeu W&rreu; aud Kevcrtire being impassable for vehicles. Bourke is varyqoiot no after the flood, butwa have done fairly well considering. Krorn here we go to Nyngau and Warren for the Agricultural Shows, where we are hound to do well if thu weather keeps fi&e.; The river here is still very high, hut J don't think wo will have auother flood; I truBt not, anyhow, Tho members of the company aro all well. I haven't Been or heard of any other companies up this way; I suppose the floods have frightened tliem.—Yours, etc., J. )l. llimr, Riley Bros.' All Star Company." The Itiley Brothers Company now iuftlude Misses Nemo, Oonnio DBvereux, Wadley, Little Willie and Fred. Garnet, tbe contortionist. —" Arrah-na-Pogue," says tho S.J. Register, still li hold upon niauy theatre-goers on account of its prettiness, pertness aud romance, and because it id one uf the best of Boucicault's Irish dramas. On its recent production at tho Adelaide Theatre Koyal, G rattan Jtiggs was seen to advantage as Sbauu, the Post, with a mellifluous brogue, a light heart, and a loyal nature. It is a pleasanter part than some of Mr. liiggB' Irish iwperBonatiouB, becauso the impulsiveness of the typical Hiborniau iu actiou ii toued down, aud the raciuees uf the uative humour comoa to the fore. Miss F. narcourt, who posBOBses a rich musical brogue, looked and acted Arrah of the KisB in a charming mauner, quite enlisting the sympathies of tbe hoiiBe by her archness aud vivacily, as well as by her clever couceptiou of the dnvoted peasant girl's truly noblo character. Miss Maud Appletoa was cast as Fatiuy Power, a role which her well. As that crawliug, cringing spy, informer aud process-server. Michael Feeuey, a uioBt detesrable creation, Mr. Seagrave was unpleasantly effective. Ho mado up and played tho part so well that the hisses of tlie gallery had a hearty tone about them that must have convinced tbe actor of the completeness of his impersonation; aud the part waB not overdone—the byplay was decidedly good. Beamish M'Coul and Colouel O Orady were presented by Mr. It'll hi aud Mr. Appletc 