TRAVEL. VAMBERY IN PERSIA Few stories of travel are more interesting than those which Arminius Yamb£ry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Hungarian, but possessing an exceptional knowledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his inquiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass for a genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this way he managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. Here, he says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly has one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. We commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour before setting out supper is eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and •when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, he takes his keschkul (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jahu! jahaldi!" and with an assurance that is really wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each , gives him a portion. After he has terminated his round he mixes all together, and he I • is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful supper. " He has no by ( . From Keaaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Kuvir, of which the southern borders reach nearly to Kum. In the midst of it is the station Hauz- i-Sultan (the reservoir of the Sultan), which consists of a large caravanserai, to which a subterraneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted Kenaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert, the waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more romantic. The stillness of night, which in the great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipation that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Central Asia, led the eye to delight itself all the more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is conceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms lashed by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for he wrapped himself up in his burnous, thrust himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desert around him. It was towards midnight, when we heaid ; from the distance a monotonous ziag-af bells, and, as I soon learned, this was from, a large caravan which had set out an hour bofors us. We redoubled our steps in order to overtake it; but hardly had we advanced a hundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. The Persians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger apd stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer thfit this was a caravan of the dead. A caravaa of the dead, I thought, that is singular; : ' . and I hurried to my neighbour to get an explanation. He called out to me, " Go on, go on," and after a powerful spurring of his little ass, already hard enough pressed, lie came up to me as I was joining the aforesaid caravan, which consisted of about forty horses and mules, laden with coffins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up with one of the riders. His nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet more ghastly by the moonlight. In spite of the unendurable stench, I could not help asking him some questions, The Ara"b told me that he had already conveyed these dead ten days, and had to conduct them for twenty days more before he could reach Kerbela, the spot where these pious persons, who had died for the love of "Imam Hussein, were permitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia; and whenever means permit, they order themselves to he transported from the distant Khorassan to Kerbela, t<i be plnced.in tho same earth in which the beloved Imam Hussein rests. When we had left the caravan of the dead with its choking odour far behind us, I turned to take a glance at this weird procession. The beasts, laden with the long coflir.s, buried their heads deep in their necks; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on s with hollow cry. Such a sights in whatever neighbourhood, would be gloomy enough, but in the cefttTe of the desert it was something indescribably mournful. The corpses often became mangled in a frightful fashion in their (supposed) spot of eternal rest; yet the Persians have thought fit to maintain this custom for six hundred years. For whoever comes to Kerbela has the sijveet Jiqpe or finding himself on the day of tfio.'Resurrection in the immediate neighbourhood,of the | of Paradise. We reached Hauz-i-Snltan just ! at-the rise of the morning star, but nothing j of great importance befel us there. Early next morning Kum appeared in the distance with its many green cupolas, the rich gilded one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian ladies. Here rests Fatima, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in Mesched, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady cbuld not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in Kum, died, and lies bnried with a company of 444, all of them saints. This town, like Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. Kum is very poor in buildings, but, in spite of this, in the olden time it was a famous town. The neighbourhood is described as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys water hither from the adjacent hills. The water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with *the holy Fatima, gave the State instructions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the caravanserai, I found in a corner" some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversation with them, when one of my fellow- travellers called out to me, " Effendi, what are you about? You have been to- day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean Jew!" Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes. The poor children of Israel noted my kindness to them, and many of them came out of their cells. They surrounded me in due form, and told me, all the while looking round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, which was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anything that required labour on that day. One of the eldere could not forbear telling me, with tears in his eyes, of the oppression the Jews suffered at the hands of the Persians, and with joyous glance he looked around as he described to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultan's rule. He could not find words sufficiently expressive with which to bless the Sultan. The poorT Israelite had no idea that, in that particular the moving spring of the noble action was western enlightenment alone. After two days we quitted Kum, and went a four hours' ride on a desolate route, to the village of Lenkuan. The caravan encamped in the village itself, but I moved forward to a garden in the vicinity to'spend the day. In the midst of the garden is the little chapel of an Imamzade (descendant of anlman). The graves of this knan are very numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still honoured. And no wonder, for each village, be it ever so little, must have its ;.«mt.; _They improvise one, invent a legend Aag^illd a oJjsjriel on the bones of some fiabrais hero. This is immediately decora ted 3ritih green tiles. Green is the colour with wtrteh ife "holy posterity clothe the head during life. Green therefore the House of the Graves must be. As I was resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravedigger approached. Marvellous stories did he tell of the dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," said he, "a Persian khan, "who rested in this same place, and in a drunken condition, wished to betake himself afterwards to the interior, when he sunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. " Ay, Effendi," he continued, " one must not sport with a saint." His look was full-of gravity as he related the tale, yet he very soon made me understand that he expected a few pence, &nd; when I handed them to liirii, lie immediately went away. Our resting-place in Kuhrud, a little village of three hundred houses, -was extremely delightful. The caravan -was encamped opposite the Tschnparchane (post-office), "which, as everywhere in Persia, consists ef a one-storied building, of Which the upper stoiy Is, nevertheless, only used as a chamber for distinguished travellers. After I had drunk tea in th gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the village and sought out the post-office, in the upper guest chamber of which my attention was directed to a striking number of pencilled scrawls in a European language. In a corner I read a French quatrain, -written by a fiery son of Gaul, who, after a fatiguing ride, had stopped to rest here a few minutes. He described his home sorrow -with words full of woe, aud indulged bitterest wratli at disappointments arising from (he poetical discriptions of Persia, Not far thence on the walls, I discovered some pointed longshanked characters, in which a bra-vo Teuton wished to immortalise himself; and what do you suppose, dear reader, he had written on the wall ? a critique on the four verses of tho Frenchman— and a pretty Fharp one, too. The poor honest Gorman! Theworn-o'ut Persian posters iiad shaken his bones""'to pieces. lie wished to repose, and had not time enough to leave behind h.im an evir dence of the well-knov?^ solid information of his fatlierlai.d. From Kuhrud the road leads up hill and then beuds down in pretty abrupt slopes to the plains on the other side. The village of Sof is the nearest station. A large mi't of our journey lying over the hiilV-neighboiuv hood, the early moi^^a.i not only cool, but cold and frosty. The trayellers stopped here and there, and gathered heapB of bute, a kind of resinous shrub, which burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trymg to' listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by a "wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the spot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these:—Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shiraz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish merchants, who joined us in Kuhrud; they mocked them first, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A Persian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened; and as our people had made a few steps in advance, he wished, for an innocent joke as he'said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. He shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole part}', ana though the miscreant galloped off as fast as his horse could carry him, lie was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfahani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walking. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such au accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our'last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefevi, was a village named Murtschechar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan j - ou can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (the Caravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontestably in its day the most splendid building of its kind. As the town in the early autumn morning was covered with a kind of mist, I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbale that these same" birds are found in the neighbourhood of Herat, Nischabur, and other towns, proving that it 'was a custom in Central Asia to build sueh splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite birds. ~ At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city ef Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but especially the Isfahani, -when he speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, " If Lahore had not had birth, Isfahan were half the earth. Isfahan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest town m the world after Lahore. To indicate the circumference of the town, the Persians state that a good rider could not ride round it in two davs. This is probably sixteen to twenty fassargs; yet the city wall itself, in its blooming period when tho French traveller Chardin saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, and when -we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, tlie statement of the Persian is but Oriental, or what we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first tQ the eyes of travellers, is really imposing. From the east to the west there is an endless chain of buildings; and gardens, among e which cupulas, sowers, and other high buildiags are visible. The view seems illimitable. "Nothing," says Malcolm, "can exceed the fertility arid beauty of the country in the vicinity of Isfahan, and the first view ftf the city is surpassingly striking. AH the eye sees enraptures ones seuse. Groves, avenues, luxuriant "aniens, —of tlir- se there is such an absolute ovenflow as hides the ruins of this once famous city, The nearer view weakens this impression, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great admiration."' In the East all is beautiful, but only externally, and in the distance. So I was not in the least surprised when on entering the town I found the same crooked stivetst the same poor houses, the dirt and filth and unmended as in Tvlieran and all Persia ^pc, ^ i, J?;^ ^ "topiy a fact of lus me looked back upon wilh satisfaction or regret, according to the pleasure comfit he has experienced in ^; another it has opened up a m\>iU of responsibility and d\iVy, Hs well as happiness; it WYi^tcd life with a sacred trust and a priceless value, and has given a higjiev nobler, aim for all endeavour have been gained without ij. OUT WID UT," SEZ I, " OE I'li IAVE NO BON? 4V VOp UifB&EAKABLF.;*' 