BEATRICE. By Rider Haggard, \----.—— Author of 'King Solomon's Mines,' ?' She,' ' Allan Quartermain,' ' Mr Meeton's Will,' ' Cleopatra,' &c.; Ohaheb XIX. (continued.) THE TBIBD APFEAIu Face to face they stood, while at the vision of her sweetness his heart grew . ?till. Faoe to face, and the faint light fell upon her tender loveliness and died in her deep eyes, and the faint breeze fragrant with the breath of pines gently ?tirred her hair. Oh, it was worth living to see her thus 1 ' I beg your pardon,' she said in a puzzled tone, stepping forward to pntB , ? the gate. ;^r':: 'Beatrictl' x .'wK ?; She gave a little cry, and elatohed the railing, else she woafcj have fallen. One moment she stayed «?» looking up i towards his face that -»w hid in tbfl deepening shadow— loosing vift wild eyes of hope and fear tod lo?&, . ' la it yon,' she sw3 a* feefit, 'Or ?nother dream.' : 'It is I, Beatrice I* k» '.jumiliil, smazad. ? She recovered herself vithjaji «€ori. ' Then why di J yon ti\$*m me to I ' she asked, ' It was united— ob, I did not mean to say anything dross.' What did I Buy 7 I forget. I am so glad that yon have come I ' and she put her hand to her forehead and looked ?t him again as one might gaze at a ghost from the grave. ' Did yon not expeot me 1 ' Geoffrey asked: :' Expect you t no. No more than I expeoted— ' and she stopped suddenly. 'It ib very odd,' he; said; '1 though* yon knew that your father was going to ask me down. I returned, from London with him.' | ' 'From London,' she murmured. ' I did not know ; Elizabeth did not tell me anything about it. 'I suppose that she forgot.' ! .. 'Here I am at any rate,! and how areyout' ! ' Oh, well now, quite well. There, I am all right again. It is very wrong j :F . to frighten people in that way, Mr \- ..;? ' Bingham,' she added in her usual ;?*''?} Toioe. ?' Let me pass through the gate '?:.,?;, and I will shake hands with you— if,' she added, in a tone of gentle mookery, 'one may shake hands withtao great a man. But I told yon how it-would bo, did I not, just before we were drowned together, you know ? HowisEffia?' ' b-ffio flourishes,' he I answered. ' Do you know, you do noi look very grand. Your father told me that you had a cold in the winter,' and Geoffrey shivered as he thought of the cause. jvr j ' ?; ' Oh, thank' you, I haye nothing to * complain of. I am strong i sad well. -^ ' Howlong.do yon Btay here ? ' 'Not long. Perhaps till Tuesday morning, perhaps till Monday.' Beatrice sighed. Happinois is short. She had not brought him here, she would not have lifted a finger to bring him here, but sinoe he had come she wished that he was going to stay longer. i ' It is supper time,' she said ; ' let ;??'?' ,/:?? '?? us'go in.''-;; ' : ? ? \- «; : So they went in and ate their supper. j'-' It was a happy meal, Mr Granger was in almost boisterous spirits. It is wonderful what a difference the possession of that two hundred posnds made in bis demeanour; he seemed another, man. It was true that a hun dred of it must go in paying debts, but a hundred would be left, which meant at least a year's respite for bin. flfe abeth, too, relaxed bir knhjtaf grim ' nesB ; the two hundred pMnufe kad its influenoe on her alaot aial therv were other genial influences tt tork In her dark seorst heart. Beaf&a; Imew noth ing of the money »*3 ea^BoaM*bat silent, but she too waa keQpy- with the wild nareal hnppiue* tfc^J atmftinMa ', , v visits us in dreams. As for Geoffrey, tf htOff Hworie could have seen him fka would hava stared in astonishment. Of late be bad been a very silent mao,- many people indeed had fonnd him a djjll oompanion. But under the influents of Beatrice's praaeooe he talked and talked brilliantly. Perhaps he : was nncon soionaly striving to show at his very . , . best, before her, as a man naturally ' ' does in the presenoe of a woman whom .. ?'?-- he loves. So brilliantly did he talk that at last they all sat still and listened to him, and they; might have been worse employed. ; At length supper waa done, aod Elizabeth retired to her room. Pre sently, too, Mr Granger was called out to christen a siok baby, and went grumbling, and they were left alone. They sat in the window-place and , ? looked out at tho quiet night. :'?. -. ' Tell me ! about yourself,' said ; ' ' Beatrice/' -'' ''' ?-''? \ So he told her. He narrated all the steps by which he had: reached his preBent posi'ion, and showed her how from it he might rise to the topmost heights of all. Sho did not look at him, and did not answer him, but once when he paused, thinking! that he had talked enough about himself, . she said, ' Go on ; tell me some more.' At last he had told her all. '' Yes,'' she said, 'you have the power and the oppottunity, and yen will one day be amongst tha foremost men of your generation.' « I doubt it,' he said! with a sigh 'I am not ambitious. ? I only work for the sake of the work, not for what it will bring. One day I daresay that, I shall weary of it all and leave it. But while I do work, I like to be among ;?' f' i :'. ..! 'the first in, my , degree, j \- 'Oh no,' she answered, 'you must not give it up ; you must go on and on. Promise me,' she continued, looking at him for the first time— ? ;. \,' ' ' Promiaj) me that while you havo ? health' and strength yon-will persevere till you stand alone and quite pre eminent. Then you cai} give it up.' ' Why should I promise you this, Beatrioe.f? V ' ' Beoauso I ask it of you. Onoe I ''-*-? saved your life, Mr Bingham; and it givOB me some liltlo right to direot its coarse. I wish that the man whom' I saved to the world should be among tbe first men in tho world, not in wealth, which is an accident, bat in intellect and foroo. Promise me- this and I shall be happy.' - 'I promise you,' he said, ' I pro mise that 1 will try to rise because you ask it, not |beoanse the prospect attraots me,' bnt as ho spoke bia heart was vurung. It was bitter to hear her speak thus of a future in which ebo would have no chare, which, aB hor words implieJ, wonld be a thing utterly apart from her, as much apart as though she were dead. ' Yes,' he said again, ' you gave mo my life, and it makes yery unhappy to think that I can give you nothing ia return. Oh, Bentrioe, I will tell you what I have never told to anyone. I am- lonely and wretched. With tho oxoeptioa of yourself, I do not think that there is anybody who really oares for me— I mean who really sympa thizes with mo in the world. I dare say that it 1b my own fault, and it sounds a humiliating thing to say, and, in a fashion, a selfish thing. I never Bhoijjd have said it to any living soul but you. What is the use of being Cit vhen there is nobody to work t Things might have beea diffweat, but the world is a hard place. If yon— if you— ' At this moment his hand touched hers; it was accidental, but in the tenderness of hiB heart he yielded to the temptation and took it. . Than there was a moment's pause, and very gently she drew her hand away and thurst it in her bosom. ' You have your wife to Bhare your fortune,' she said, ' you have Effie to inherit it, and yon can leave your name to your country.' Then came a heavy pause. ' And yon,' he said, breaking it, 'what future is there for you 1 ' She laughed softly. ' Women have no future and they ask none. At least I do not now, though once I - did. It is enough for chem if they onn ever so little help the lives of others. That is their happiness, and their reward ia — rest.'' Just then Mr Granger oame back from his christening, and Beatrice rose and wont to bed. ? 'Lojks a little pale, doesn't she, Mr Bingham ? ' said her father. ' I think she must be troubled in her mind. The foot is — -well, there is no reason why I should not tell you ; : she thinks so much of yon, and you might say a word to brighten her up — well, its about Mr Davies. I -fancy, you know, that she likes him and is vexed because he does not come forward. Well, you bob —of course I may .be mistaken, but I have sometimes thought that be may. I have seen him look ob if he was thinking of it, though of course it is more than Beatrice has got uny right to expect. She has only got herself and her good looks to give him, and he isariohman. Think of it, Mr Bing ham,' and the old gentleman tucntd up his eyes piously, ' just think what a thing it would be for her, and indeed tor all of us. if it should ' please God to send a chance like that in her way ; she. would be rich for life, end suoh a position 1 But it is possible ; one never knows ; ha might take a fanoy to her. At any rate, Mr Bingham, I think you oould cheer her up a little ; there is no nsed for her to give up hope yet.M Geoffrey burst into a short grim laugh. The idea ef Beatriee languish ing for Owen Davies, indeed the irony of the whole position, was too muah for his sense of humour. ' Yes,' he said, ' I dareBay thai it might be a good match for her, but I do not know how she wonld gel; on with Mr Davies.' ??Get onl why, well enough, of course. Woman are soft, and oan scraetae Into most holes, especially if ?My art wall Hoed. Besides, he may he a bit heavy, but I think she is pining tot him,' and it's a pity that ehe skwld waste her life like that. What are you- going to bed 1 Well, good night—good night.' Qeoffrey did go to bed, but did not go to sleep. For a long while he lay awake, thinking. He thought of the last night which he had spent in this Uttla room, of its strange experience, of what had happened sines, and cf tbo meeting of to-day. Oould he, after that meeting, any longer donbt what were tho feelings with which Beatrice re garded him ? It was diffioult to do so, and yet there was still room for error. Then he thought of what old Edward had said to him, and what Mr Granger had said with reference to Beatrice and Owen Davies. The views of both were crudely and very- vulgarly expressed, but they coincided, and, what wag more, there was truth in them, and he knew it. Tho idea of Beattioe marrying Mr Davies was, to put it mildly, repulsive to him ; but had he any olaim to stand between her and so desirable a settlement in life ? Clearly, he had not, his conscience told him so. Oould it be right, moreover, that this kind of tio wbioh existed between them should be knitted more closely? What would it mean? Troublf, and nothing but (rouble, more especially to Beatrice, who wonld fret her days away- to an end. Ho had done wrong in coming here at all, he had done wrong in taking her hand. He would make tbe only reparation in his power (as though in* saeh a case bb that of Beatrice reparation were now possible)! He would effaoe himself from her life and see her no more. Then she might loam to forget him, or, at the worst, to remember him with but a vague regret. Yes, cost what it might, he wonld foroe himself to do it before any actual mischief ensued. The only qnestion was, should lie not go further ? Should he not tell her that she would do well to . marry , Mr Davies ? Pondering over this most painful queBtion, at last he went to sleep. When men in Geoffrey's unhappy position turn penitent and see the error of their wayB, tho prudent re solves that ensue are apt to overshoot the mark and to partako of an aggreea ive nature. , Not satisfied with leaving thini'B alono, they must needs baaton to proolaim their new fonnd yirtuo lo tho partner of thair fault, and adver tise their infallablo epocific (to bo taken by tha partner) for restoring tho status quo ante. Soruotiraos as a consequonco of this pious zeal they find thomsolvon misunderstood, or oven succaod it pre cipitating the catastropho which they laudably desiro to prevent. The morrow was Whit Sunday, and a day that GeoQroy had occasion to remembor for tho rest of bis life. They all met at breakfast, and shortly after wards went to church, tha sorvico being at balf-past ton. By way of putting into offoct Iho good resolutions wilb which he was so busy paving an inferno of his own, Geoffrey did not sit by Baatricp, but took a Feat at tho end of tho little ohnrcb, closo to the door, and tried to console himself by looking at hor. It was a ourious sullon natnred day, and though thoro was not very much Hun tho air wbb as hot as though they wero in midsummer. Had thoy been in a voloanic region, Geoffrey would have thought that snch weather pre eeded a shook of earthquake. As it was he knew that the English olimate vyip.jijnply indulging keclf at the ox pritj* of tho population. Bat ob up to the. present, the season had been oold, this knowledge did not consolo him. Indeed he felt so choked in tbo Bluffy little church that just before tho ser mon (which he happened to bo aware was not written by Beatrice) he took an opportUiiity to slip out unobserved. Not knowing whore to go, he strollod down to the beach, on which there was nobody to be seen, for, as has been observed, Byrygelly slept on Sundays. Presently, however, afignro approached walking rapidly and to all appearance aimlessly, and in it ho- recognised Owen Davies. Ho was talking to himself while he walked, and ! swinging his arms. Geoffrey stepped; aside to let him pass, and as ho did bo he was surprised and even shucked to. see Iho change in tho man. His ' plump healthy face had grown thin, and wore a half sullen, half pitiful expression; there were dark circles round his . blue eyes, onco so placid, and his hair would have been, the bettor for cutting. Geoffrey wondered if ho had bad an illness, it that moment Owen chaucod to look ronnd and saw him. ' How do you do Mr Bingham ?' ho said. ' I hoard that yon woro. hero. They told mo at tho station last night, you see this is a small place and one likes to know who comos and goes,' ho added as though in exensa. : He walked on and Geoffrey walked with him. ' Yon do not look well, Mr Daviep,' he said. ' Have yon been laid up ?' ' No, no,' he answered, ?' I am quite right ; it is only my mind that is ill.' ? ; - . ' Indeed,' said Gooffrey, thinking that he certainly did look strange. 'Perhaps you lire too much alone and it depresses yon.' ' Yos, I live alone, because I can't help myself. What is a man to do, Mr Bingham,; when .the woman he loves will not marry him, won't look at' him, treats him like dirt ?' ' Marry somebody else,' suggested Qeoffrey. ' Oh, it is easy for you to Bay that — yon have never lovod; anybody, and you don't understand. I cannot marry .anybody eke, I only want her.' 'Her? Who?' ' Who ! why, Beatrice — who else could a man want to marry, if once he had seen her. But Bhe will not hare me ; she hates me.*' ' Really,' smid Geoffrey. ' Yoe, really, and do you know why 1 Shall I tell why ? I will tell you, and he grasped him by the arm and whis pered hoarsely in his ear: Because ehe loves you, Mr Bingham. ' I tell you what it is, Mr Davies,' said Geoffrey shaking his arm free, '? I am not going to stand this kind of thing. You must bo off yonr head.' ' Don't be angry with me,' he answered. ' It |is true. I have watched her and I know that it is true. Why does she write to you every week, why does she always start and lietou when anybody mentions your name ? Oh, Mr Bingham,' Owen went on piteouBly, ' be pitiful — you hare your wife and lots of women to make love lo if you wish— leave me Beatrice. If yon don't I think that ; I shall go crazed. I have always loved her, ever since she was a child, and now my lore grows faster and stronger every day, and carries me away with it liko a. rock rolling down a hill. You can only bring Beatrice to shame, bnt I oan giro her everything, as much money as she wants, everything that she wants, and I will make her a good husband ; I will nevor leave her side.' ' I have no donbt that would- be delightful for her,' answered Geoffrey j ' bnt does it not strike you that all this is just a little undignified fi These re marks, interesting as they are, should bo make .to Miss Granger not to mo, Mr Dnvies.' ... ; ' I know,' ho said, 'bnt I don't care ; it is my only chance, and what do I mind about being undignified ? Ob, Mr Uingham, I havo never loved any other woman, *I have been lonely all my days. Do not stand, in, my path now. If you only knew what I havo (suffered, how I have prayed to God night after night to give me Bea trioe, you. wonld help me. Say that yon will help me ! You are one of those man who can do anything ; she will listen to you. If you tell hor to marry me she will do eo, and I shall bleBS you my whole life.' . Geoffrey looked upon this abjoct suppliant with tho most unmitigated scorn. There is always something con temptible in the sight of one man plead ing to another for assistance in his lore affairs— that is a business whioh he shonld do for himself, How much greater, ; then, is tha humiliation in volved when the amorous ? person asks the aid of one whom he believes to be hiB rival — his snooessful rival— in the lady's affection ? 'Do you know, Mr Davios,' Geoffrey said, ' I think that I have bad enough of this.-' 'I am not in a position to forco Miss Grnngor to 0000?' advanoes which according to your ao' oount appear to be unwelcome. But if I got an opportunity I will do this : I will toll her what to say. You really muBt manage the rest for yourself.' Good morning to yon, Mr Davios.' He turned sharply and wont while Owon watched him go. . ' I don't boliove him,' ho groaned to bimsolf. ' Hn will try to make her his lover. Oh, God help me — I cannot bear to think of it. But if ho does, and I find him out, let him be caroful. I will ruin him,'yos, I will ruin him. I have tho money and I can do, it. Ab, he thinkB me a fool, they all think me a fool, bnt I haven't been qniet all these yoars for nothing. I can make a noise if necessary. And if ho is a vil lian, God will help me to destroy him. I hnre prayod to God, and God will help mo.' j Then he went back to the Castle. Owen Davios was a typo of the olass of religions men who beliere that they can enlist the Almighty on tha' side of their desires, provided only that thoso desires receive the sanction of human law or cuBtom. j Thuu within twenty-four hoars Geoffrey reoeived no less than threo appeals to help the woman whom he loved to the arms of a distasteful hus band. No wonder then that : he grow almost superstituous about the matter. . fTO BE 00NTINDED.1; * 