TO THE EDITOB OP THE AUSTBALAHIAH. Sir,—I do not expeot to lay the "OboBt of Fisher man'" or account for the miflr in the cooo&nut;, but tbe assurance of your ghostly correspondent invites another Richmond to the field. Fisherman, imported with a harem of highly-bred mares in bis day, with that advantage, was colonially a Triton among minnows. Events bare since shown bad these mares been mated with several other stallions the probability is they would have been more snooessful than with the massive brown son of Heron. Imported mares became more oommon, commensurate with results therefrom tbe line of Fisherman has retired. The recent win of The Admiral haa given a fillip to the memory of the defnnct gr&ndsire;, but as this scion comes from Lord Wilton's sister, full of Waxy blood. I fancy the less which be inherits from Fisherman is at best only entitled to a comparative degree of merit Tbe Caul field Cup great grandson has as good a half brother in Gnano besides a promising half-sister in Chintz. The Melbourne Cop grandson is, after all, like Boa, only ahandlaap horse, possibly the ■ Whalebone element «o strong fa them is heavily taandiossped, - from - this - grand sire sufficient to balance what .they- received from the ooits their principal opponent*. The washy chestnut filly Copra was a queer chip from tbe (rid block, coming as she did after bar brother Navigator. In her tarn she was followed by Coir, a half brother, a splendid looking dark brown stallion; then after missing onoe to her old love' Robinson Crusoe she produces next year to him Ttident, the fame of fas year, an apt proof of the correctness of the C. B. Lowe theory. The prrgeny of Coooanut by Fisher man horses ha* a tenaencyto chow that Robinson GTotoe soooeeded with Coeoanut in spite of Ms' Fisherman Wood. 3 be Fawn may be a good example in favour of the Lowe theory. Out of b«r family of IS, all by Maribyrhong, thefcrst eras Much 'her beet, her third todkterent, but the gradual decadence of the others may haw arisen from the foot of the better competition they met; animals of superior breeding had increased very much ainoebhe earlier veers of Jfarfbmwawr at tb« stud,' -Yoare, fto., •MBoarfVO. OLD HAND. 