OUR NOVEL. BY ORDER OF THE CZAR : OE, THE QUEEN OP THE GHETTO. -«V BT JOSEPH HATTON, AUTHOR OF " CRUEL LONDON," " THE "THREE BECRUITS," "CLYTIE," "THE VALLEY OF POPPIES," " JOHN NEEDHAM'S DOUBLE," &C;, &O.; PART IV. CHAPTER II. ONLY A. WOMAN. PHILIP FOBSYTH'S mad infatuation would luve confirmed him, as Ferrari put it, body and soul a member ,of the .Brotherhood, but for the persistent opposition of the Countess Stnivensky. If Philip did not take the Enal oath lie was, nevertheless, accepted as an auxiliary of the association. It 'iras only for, conscience sake that theCountessVesisted tb'iB last act of the young artist's devotion. As she put it to ber comrades, He was sufficiently their elly withont completing the treaty of secrecy and service. Ferrari saw ia thia act of friendship,' not to say love, the first Bign of. weakness in Anna's character. It did not occur to him that .she had achieved the work of vengeance which had stimulated and held together her alliance with the brother- hood. ; ' ' Since the Ghost of the Lagoon had cast its lurid shadow upon' Russian, depotisin, the Countess Stravensky bad found little room in her heart for thoughts and feelings which hitherto had. been engrossed in the one idea of ber reseurection from death and torment in the Ozarovna Hospital. On the eve of that supreme act of veu j^eaoce iii the Venetian palace, Atina had Wen strangely moved, as we have already seen, by jthe infatuation of Philip Forsyth ; not so much on bis account, as for tlie memóriea which it revived ot her happy girlhood. She had in lonely moments Been ' in this boyish love of the fing! ¡sh artist something like a spiritual resuscita- tion of , the youthful Rabbi Louuski. Her thoughts, which for yearsT had only gone back to the village of Ozarorqa with shuddering remembrances of its tragic overthrow, now found opportunities for contemplating the light and sweetness which preceded the advent' ot the Go- vernor Petrouovitch. She had permitted her fancy to wander bick to the great house at the entrance of the Ghetto, the Jewish celebrations of leaves and' flowers and harvest, of births and deaths, of religious institutions and customs. She saw herself a child, sitting at her mother's knee, and weeping at ber mothers grave ; noted how quickly in her infant mind this latter memory had mellowed with time into an engrossing affection for her father, giving her almost womanly duties in her girlhood, and offering her sympa- thies towards every soul in the Ghetto. Even on the first day of her arrival ¡to. f alfil what to her was a sacred mission at' Venice, she had sat for hours slleuily in her red gondola dreaming of this happy past, in the one model Jewish village of that great Empire, where the fires of revolt and persecution are. for ever smoulderiug with threatening and awful possibilities. Ferrari, with the instin'ct of his race and the subtle understanding of the born conspirator, felt that Anna's sympathy for Philip Forsyth boded no good to the cause. He ventured to say so, both to Philip and to Anna herself. Anna answered him witli reference to the successful incident of the movement with which she had been associated ; dwelt upon the tremendous sensation that had been created in the courts of Europe by the vengeance of Venice ; and con- fessed that she could not ' dud it in her heart to make the one great sacrifice {ie now demanded of her, to cast off Philip Forsyth. " If I could cut him off from us," she said, " with the assurance that lie would return to his home aud duty, you .might count upon me. But it is his misfortune to have fallen under some strauge spelt which we possess." ? ... ,, jr-: >: . Y " Which you possess," said Ferrari. ?" " it is all the Bame," she said. " My mission, he claims, is his mission. I do not diBguÏBO from'myself that he is mad ; but I find in his companionship a strange pleasure." " To confess which," said Ferrari " is to confeSB that you are no longer true to the brotherhood." " True !" she exclaimed. " Do yon then impeach me? In what respect am I untruer"' " Ton know," said Ferrari; " that von are the first woman 1 have trusted. You know that I have always been oppospd to confiding onr section of the brotherhood to the constancy of a woman," "In which you are," said the Countess, " illogical. Was it not Sophie Provskaya who gare tho signal for Rysokovis attack which carried off the Emperor you mo3t hated?" " But which," rejoined Ferrari, " you most condemn." " I ?" she exclaimed. "Have you not," ha said, "changed our latest programmer1 Hare you not more than once declared * «re are cou spiritors, but not assassins?' Have you not repudiated the term Nihilist, as it is applied to the party of revolution and re- form in Europe P" " For a foolish word," she said, "which does not interpret us or our ambition. Do Í repudiate the rising we hope - for P Do I not rejoice in the coming revolt of the army P Do I not glory in the agrarian fires of the peasant ? Do I pause at an net of vengeance-a life for a life P Ask me to rival Sophie Provskaya, the rink of my own life for the annihilation of a thousand Petronó vitcheH, one by one or in comp toirs, and I am equal to the occasion ; but cast me for a dynamite plot, involving the li vea of innocent people, and leading to no politi- cal result, but assuredly tn bo followed by the execiision of siime of Cur own com- rades, and I resist !" " But,'' said Ferrari, "given the great result, given the signal {or - a general upheaval, for the rallying of the great forces of revolution, ' the overthrow of a vile and bloody tyranny, the establishment of a constitution, in short, for the fulfil- ment of the great áuui: glorious pro- gramme of constitutional ' liberty abd national freedom-what then P" " Assure me of this, Ferrari, aud 1 am with you.' Assure me that we may hope, in one great sacrifice, to break the Russian chains, and at the same time to faring cur brothers and sisters to the promised lana, flowing with milk and honey, and I am with you. But yon must convince iue, Ferrari ; otherwise, dear friend, I pause with the victory of Venice : and could I forecast the end bf all for me, I woüld ask no other blessing than to die in my father's arms away iu his Siberian captivity. Nay, do not start, Ferrari ; 1 could say this to no other. : Ton remem- ber tho good, gênerons, kindly - marchant-; the devoted father, the staunch frioud, thc martyr P" "Thea you have heard," said Ferrari calmly, " from your father ?" "Not from him but of him," she said a melancholy smile stealing over her pale feature. " The despatch you received in Paris ?' said Ferrari. "The same. It came through tty Russian Ambassador." "The one secret you hare withhelc from me," said Ferrari. ., " Not withheld," said the Countess "only postponed. The influence of tin Couut Stravensky, my dear friend ant successor,- was beneficial. It gave nv father means ; it secured commuuicatioi with Moscow and St. Petersburg. No at once P Oh, no! It took three yean before relief of any kind caine to him fonr years, five years, six,-*ud to-day Ferrari, he is in his own p'useful roomi in au agricultural village away beyond the mountains, tende 1 by a Siberian ser vant, and resigned, waiting for the ea«] As you si long regarded him as dead t< me, as I liave so long accepted that posi tica, so he 'has regarded us,-dead Ferrari, dead ! If I should see him agaii it would be a foretaste of Paradise fo him, for rae perhaps." "It is this romantic attachment o yours to Forsyth that has unnerved you: " Then I thank him for it, on my knees Ferrari. If he has relighted that humai lamp within my breast which shows m the past in the present, what humanly ', was, then thank God, Ferrari, for Hi interposition." "So it do not cast ¡ts betraying ligh upon the forthcoming enterprise of th brotherhood, lam willing to say ' Amen to that. I eau find in my own hear! Anna JHosstock,' one drop, of patieuci when I remember that it was I wh made the trail of death, of the sword am fire which the Christian friends follows to the peaceful streets bf the Czarovn settlement." " You have had your revenge. Ferrar and I mine." "No, no, my sister. I hare no love tokens of the past, no young Jänglisl woman to revive it if I had. M vengeance is never complete. No woma can come between me and ray oat! between me and my righteous ambitiot between me and my sacred duty, as Phill Forsyth comes between me and yours." " I will not have it so, Ferrari ; and claim your firm and faithful allegiance t me, an allegiance not of oath or vows, bu of mutual suffering and mutual wronjj If it had pleased our Father Abrahat that in this alliance of ours the woman f last shall be weaker than the man, do. no blame- me. Judge of me in the future o you have known me in the past, but d uot ask for a destroying angol in a mei woman of the people -, do not ask for th i spiritual iu tho mortal ; do not ask for I miracle-I am only á woinri ! ' 