A Dublin Hamlet. " I am av tho opinion as PoloniuB whin ho said, 'Don't iigbt wid ivry aouu for the pure jny av fightin', but if you do, knock tha noro uff him first an' frcquint.' " "What do you know ubout Polouius," I demanded. This was a now Bide of Mnlvauey's character. "All that Shakespeare ivur wrote an' a dale more than the gallery shoutod. Did I not tell you av Silver's theatre in Dubliu, whin I was younger than I am now, an' a patron of tho drama? Ould Silver wud never pay aotor man or woman their, just duos, an' by eousequinoo his compinies was collapsible at the laBt mmut'. Tbin the hhoys wud clamor to tuko a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made tbim pay for tho fun. Foltb, I've seen Hamlut played with a new black eyo an' the queen bb full ns a cornu copia. I remimbor wasn't Hogin, that 'listed in too Bl&ok; Tyrone, an' was ahot in South Atrioa, he aejuood ould Bilver into givin' him Hamlut'a part inatid av ma that had fiuo fanoy for rhotorio in tboso days. Av couiao I wint into tho gallery an bogan to fill the pit wid other people's hate, an' I passed too timo av day to Hogin walk- in' through Denmark liko a hamBtrnng mulo wid a pall on his back. ' Hamlut,' sex 1, 1 there's a hole in yonr heel. Pull up yonr ahtoohin's, Hamlut, sez I.' 'Hamlut, Hamlut, for the lovo av dacinoy dhrop thut skull an' pall up your shiookin's.' The wholo house began to tell him that. He shtopped his sililo- quiebms mid-hotween. ' My snteokin's may ho oomin' down or 'they may not,' soz he, sorew- iu' his oyes into tho gallery, for well ho knew who I was. ' Bnt afther this performineo 1h over, me an the ghost '11 knook tho head av you, Tereuco.' Eyah 1. Those days, those, days. Did you iver havo onendin' divilmont an' nothin' at all in all your whole blissed life to pay, aorr?" "Novor, without having to pay," I said. "That's thruo 1 'Pis mane when you oon- sidher on it ; but it's same wid horse or f ut. A headaoho if you drink, an' a belly. acho if you . ate too muoh, an' a heartaoho to kapo all down. Vattlt tlia lianftf. /intv iVAffl flio .Inhn . a »> knfl the lucky man.", — Rudyard Kipling. ' . Sunday school toaohor : " Miss Fanny, what ere we to learn from the parable of tho wise and foolish virgins ?" Miss Fanny (aged 19 years): "That wo are always to bo on the lookout for the coming of tho bridegroom." Jane (coming up tho stairs) to missus : "I ' ehonld feel extremely obliged, marm, if you would do mo a little favonr." 'Missus: " Veil, Jane, what is it P" " I hardly know "what to say, marm." " Well, of course, I can't comply until I know." "'Well, marm, my yonng man is at the baok door, and I thought, perhaps, you would he so very kind as to speak with him for a few miautos while I sun upstairs and mako myBelf proaentablo." 