The Haunted Husband; OR LAD! CHETWTND'S SPECTRE. Bt Mrs. Habriit Lewis. CHAPTEB 3CX.— iimttmtd.) IN A STATE OF OKCERTAIKTT. ?It serais, then,' said Monk, 'that the old Hindoo witch lias discovered Bemice's ? assntned name. She must have followed ' op from Eastbourne to this very hotel; She means death to Bernice. We most watch our charge. We will leave London in the morning, and we n)Bst contrive to throw that witch off onr trail. If she were once to know the way to Mawr Castle, Bernice wonld never I* safe. Thif, is a bad bnsiness. I am nuea6y — afraid.1 He went rip to his room with a ploora npcm him thai hi; conld not shake off. Meanwhile Bernice, alone in her own bedroom, was not asleep. 8hp was think ing. She reviewed in detail all the evenU of her short life. She realised her desola tion. She bbM to herself that she waB forgotten hj all who knew her, and that tliere was no place for her on earth us Bortuce Chetwynd. ' She shrank from living longer dependent npon Gilbert Monk. She believed now that he expected a recompense for all his care of her in the sliaj.e of her hand in marriage. Loving her husband with all her henrl, she could not marry Monk. And, strangely enongri, now that Monk had avowed for her n love deeper than the love of a brother, she liegan to shrink from him and 10 lee) a sense of repulsion against him. She most earn her living sometime; why not begin at once ? She was fnVy competent to instruct children ; why should she not do so? She conld not return to Mawr Castle, and Monk would not consent to allow her to leave his care. She must, then, if she intended to help herself, go oway secretly. And in stealing avo; from those she believed to be her friends, Bernice believed that she would also escape from the one she knew to be her enemy. She began to be in haste to begone. At daybreak Beraice waeapond dressed. Mrs. Cn.wl had not visited her during the night, and was sleeping heavily in her owd room on the other aide of the parlor. Bernice had put en her travelling costume, her only onter garment* at com mand. Her little bag bad been packed by Mrs. Crenl for travelling. She put on her hat, and then sat down at her window, emptied her pocket book in her lap, and' counted her small hoard of money, finding that she possessed 6ome fifteen poende. She put ber pocket-book in her bosom, and bnlloued her dress and jaeUct over it. She tied on her6carf and her doubled gray grenadine reil. .She was sll ready to start and began to find a positive relief in the thought of battling with the world for her bread. She watted a little till the tide of shop girls began to more along Piccadilly to wardt- Regent Circus, and then, with her heart throbbing wildly, she arose and nn fastened her door, and stole into ber private parlor, bag in hand. She could hear Mrs. Croirl breathing heavily. She crossed the floor and let herself ont into the corridor. Gilbert Monk was sleeping in hiB room, and old Ragee was also asleep in her chamber opposite, niKuspicioos of the fact that her prey was escaping her. Bernice glided down the stairs on noticed. She pansed in the lower hall. The door at the private entrance was open, and a boy was engaged in scouring the stone steps. As Bernice appeared, he straggled out into the street to speak to a passing shop-boy, and young Lady Chet wynd passed ont at the open door into the street unchallenged. CHAPTER XXI. A POOR HAVEN OF REFUOK. Bernice had no clearly defined plans on leaving iht- liotel. Shr knew no one in London. She knew nothing and suspected nothing of the 'wickedness thai lurks on every aide in the great metropolis. She had money, and in her simplicity she imagined that she wonla easily find a home in that great wilderness of houses. But how to find the desired home she did not j*t know. She joined the tide of shop girls, and walked on toward Regent Circus 10 the grey chiJI oi the ear'y morn ing. She wandered on, hour after hour, liearing her travelling bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom she met appeared absorbed in their own affairs, and brstowed scarcely a glonce npon the veiled and slender figure that trudged so wearily onward. ' It is time that I found lodgings,' thought Bernice, wilh'a horrible sense of her loneliness creeping upon her. ' I must procure them immediately. It would be terrible to have the day wear on and the nigh I come and find me shelterless.' But the task was not bo eaBy at it *eemed. There were playcards in plenty in windows signifying that the houses to which they pertaiued were to let And there were little yellow bills and pieces of white paper' in other wilidows, with the legend, ' Apartments to Let,' but llio honscs were for the most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheapergrade of lodging houses, and Bernice recoiled from the frowsy heads at Iho windows, the broken panes of glass, and the slipshod maidB on the stops. SI10 turned from one street to ; j another, growing more tired and less '. ; fastidious at utery step. . j. j. . At noon, nearly exhausted, she went . ? '? into a |jnslry-eook'6 shop and a.«ked for a ?/. . ' *hp of tea and a roll. Tiiese wcr« supplied ? '.:.-\ ; -. her and she wa6 given a chair, lint soch f -'.';? «3ehiand» in that quarter of Kentish Town j&O;* .'/'? rtere apparently not nnmerous, and Ber ? ' ; nice ftlt herself to bo an object of con siderable cariosity to the shopkeeper sun eiuglo aticoSatit. On paying her email bill at the counter nhe inquired if lodgings were to be ob tained in the neighborhood, adding that she was a stranger in London and conld not give references, ' There are lodgings to be had in the 'neighborhood, Miss — plenty on 'em,' re plied the sbopk-vper ; ' but references are generally required. Some lodging-honse keepers may be willing to take pay in ad vance instead. A young girl like yon onght not to be hunting lodgings by your self. There's dangers and perils lurking on every side for a beautiful young creature like you,' and she looked with compas sionate interest at the pnre, pale, high bred face, lit op by dark Borrowfal eyes. ' Why, yon are a real lady, MiSB. Yon sorely ongltl to have friends somewhere.' ' My friends sre dead,' said Beraice, ber lips quivering. ' My father was a minister of the Scottish Kirk. I am alone in the world, madam, and I come here to earn my own liring. I want to get lodgicgs while I seek a situation as governess,' The shopkeeper meditated. She was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. She saw that Bernice was a stranger to London w«je, that she seemed like a pupil fresh from a convent or place of equal seclnEion, and she trembled at the pitfalls that lay before one so innocent, eo unsus pecting, and so guileless. 'I believe in you, Miss,' the woman said, abrnptly, after a long, searching scrutiny of the lovely, half shaded face. ' I'm not a person easily taken in, as people will tell yon, but I believe in yon, and I'll tell yon of a respectable lodging house where yon may get a room. It's sronnd the corner in Victoria Eoad. It's kept by a very good customer of mine, a woman that's made a pretty penny. She's a little queer, Miss, bnt her lodgers are all respectable, and the house is that neat yon might eat off the kitchen floor. The woman's name is Mrs. Sharp, which sharp is also her nature. It yon pay in advance and tell her I sent you, which my name is Gibbons, I know she'll do well by you — as long as your money lasts. And yon can't expect strangers to do for you no longer, you know, Miss.' Bernice assented, and obtained the ad dress of Mrs. Sharp, and then, thanking shop-keeper, set out in search of Mrs. Sharp's lodging-house. Turning the ad jacent corner, Bernice found herself in Victoria Road, a dingy street lined with rows of dull brick bouses. Here as else where, were plenty of apartments to let, but yonng Lady Chetwynd pressed on to number forty-two, Mrs. Sharp's residence. It was a coiner house of the row, anil pre sented a brighter and cleaner appearance than its neighbors. The stone steps were very clean, the windows were all spotless, and the brass ksocker was polished like gold. Bernice sounded the knocker twice or thrice heavily. A servant maid admitted ber into a very narrow hall, and Bernice asked for Mrs. Sharp. The maid ushered Lady Cbet wynd into a small parlor, and hurried away to her mistress. Bernice's gaze wandered about the room. Its aspect was chill, cold, barren' and prim, and the very essence of respectability pervaded it. ' A heavy step was heard in the narrow, oil- clothed hall, and Mrs. Sharp entered tbe presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously, Btating the object of her call. Mrs. Sharp 'listened till Berniee com pleted her statement, and then cooly said : ' So Mrs. Gilibnns sent yon to me, and you have no references ? I pride myself Miss, opon the respectability of my house, -nd I shouldn't feel justified in taking in \- young person without references.' 1 But I am a stranger in London,1 said Bernice, with a gentle sweetness and a shadow of pleading in her fresh yoong roice. ' I am very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My. father was a minister of tbe kirk, fie has recently died. I must earn my own living as a gcreroess, and it will be of no advantage to me to give as my address a very respectable lodgiug-hoose. I will pay yon in advance.' ? 1 prefer gentlemen,' Eaid Mrs. Sharp, showing Hgne of relenting.' 'Thiy ean get their meals, all hut breakfast, out.' ' I am willing to get my own meals, madam.' ' If you c»n wait on yourself anAVcook your own meals — not in tny '.kitchen though — and can pay in advance, and have no company, and live quiet, and are not oat ot ereninge, why, then,' said Mrs. Sharp, ' I don't know but I'd consent to take yon in. But one thing must be nnderftood : When your money is gone yon mnst go away quietly, without a word. Is thiit a bargain V 'Yes,' said Bernice, 'I agree to all this.' 'Then yon can come thiB evening. There is a grate in yonr room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make yonr coffee on. You can get meat roasted at tbe pastry-cook's. Will yon look at your room. 7' ' If yon please, madam. I — I should like to *tay now,' snid Eernice, bravely, althongh her cheeks flushed. ' Indeed !' exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, sns piciuusty. ' Where is your luggage ?' ' All I have is in this hag,' answered Bernice. ? I am poor, madam — ' 'Hum ? I sbonld think so. Mv room is sixteen shillings a week in advance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if yon want tu see the room come op. Bernice assented, and Mra. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and ushered her into the front room, which contained few, if anj, comforts beyond the barest necessaries of existence. But bare cs was the room, Bernice looked npon it as a very haven ol refnge. ' It is all in order,' she obserred. ' Why may I not remain here now I Here is the first week's rent.' She produced her pocket-book «nd took from it a sovereign. Mre. Sharp saw .thai more money remained in tbu purse, aud tuiisiutt'd lu allun ltd ludgtT to remain. ' I don't know where to yet a spirit lamp,' said Bernice, hesitatingly. ' I — I never went inro a shop alone. Would you not kiDdly send a servant npon b few errands for me. madam 7 I am willing to pay for tbe favor., , 1 1 don't want any pay for allowing the maid to go, bnt if you choose to pay her, that's yonr affair and hers. I will send her up to yon,' said Mrs. Sharp, with un nonted gracionsness, and the lodging house keeper, soon sending np her house maid. ThiB yonng woman had an honest, trust worthy faos, and Bernice liked her. She consulted with her in regard to her wants, and gave her a sovereign to expend for her in materials for housekeeping. The yonng woman departed, and was absent an honr, but finally returned with ber arms full. She was followed by a email boy, who carried a basket full of Btores. The nrose maid emptied the basket and dismissed the boy. 'I've got everything yon mentioned, Miss,' she observed, ' and some things yon did not apeak of. There's tbe Times as yon was so particular to have. I didnotbny it ; 1 hired it till evening. It's been hired out all the morning, and nt just brought back. Here's faggots for the fire, and chill it is, and I'll kindle a little blaze— you look so cold and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of eoalf, to pat into your closet yonder. And here is bread, »n3 * cold roasted fowl, and a tea-kettle and a spirit lamp. And here's nine shillings left.' Bernice bestowed a !it*nd graroity upon the oervant, who hastened to make up a bright fire, and to wheel np a top chair before it, and to fill the tea-kettle anil set it on the hob. Bernice took possession of the big chair, and read over the cnlomns of Wants in the Times. She had imagnwd that a situation as governess wonM be readily found, bnt she saw no advertise ment in the paper that seemed inlendtd for her. 'I'll advertise myself,' die thought, suddenly, tbe idea striking her, as she be lieved like an inspiration. 'I wit! write out an honest advertisement, saying what I on do. Surely, among all the tnilKone of English people, someone will want me.' She brooded over the idea while the honse-maid made bar tea and placed the few edibles on tbe bare table. When the girl was gone oat Berniee drank ber tea and ate her bread and jam and a portion of cold fowl, with actnal relish, and then wrote with tbe small gold pencil on ber chain, npon a piece ot wrapping paper that had envelope! the sugar, a notice that ran as follows : ' Wasted — By a yonng lady without references, an orphan and a stranger in London, a situation as governess. Under stands English, French, and German, music, drawing and dancing. Woofd accept a very small salary. Address Miss G., Times office.' It seemed to Beraice that this advertise ment could not fail to secure tbe situation she desired, and she decided to pat it in three of the morning papers. In tne course of the afternoon sntrralled np the housemaid, and enfolded her plans to her, and the yonng woman nndrrtoolT to pro cure the insertion of the advertisement in the newspapers. When the housemaid had retired, young Lady Chetwyni) counted oter tbe contents of her purse with a sigh. Tbe sum she had thought so large only that morning was slipping through het fingers win unpleasant rapidity. 'I must get something to do before it is all gone,' Bhe thought. 'At any rate, I bare found a safe and respectable shelter. 1 will economise in my food, and make my money go as far as may be. There mnst be no more fowls, no meat; and whatever my privations and poverty, I am. not dependent ti|*ra anyone but myself.' , Day after day pasBed, and no satisfac tory response came to Bernice's advertise ment. She consnltej Mrs. Sharp as to bow she conld become a governess. 'You will never be one. Miss — never! Yon are too young, too ignorant of tbe world, too beautiful. Yonr life is a mys tery. Yon don't tell wbo you are nor whence you came. It ain't in nature for a yonng girl like yon, who have been ten. derly nutured and edncated like a fine lady, who are a lady to be wandering about so utterly friendless;' and Mrs. Sharp looted severely npon her yoong lodger. 'And no one will engage a young lady to educate their children who has no one in the world to speak a word for her, or to eay that sbe is a respectable yonng woman. People don't trnst their children to any and everybody without making inquiries. I advise yon not to waste any more money in advertising.' 'Is there anything I can do without being called upon for references 7' ' Are yon a skilful milliner ? Can yoa make dresses ? Have yon any trade ? Do yon understand any kind of band work? Not Then yonr chance 'is a slim one. A genteel, fine lady without a trade, and without money, and without friends is a helpless object, indeed. I'm son) I -don't know what is to Income of yon. Yon can't expect me to keep yon no longerthan your money lasts.' ''Certainly not.' ' I work hard for my money,' pursued Mrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, 'ani I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too fine to work. That's what I won't.' There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. Sbe saw that the woman did not intend to lose money by her, bnt she did not resent Mrs. Sharp's manner. To the contrary, ?he sppVe in n subdued; sorrowful voice, as «he answered ; ' '.Jjyjnt work, madam, and I am willing anS anxious to work. Can I not learn a trade? Can I not learn to make bonnets or dresses ?' . ' Who is to -apprentice yon and pay 1he necessary pretninm ? I don't see anything before you but to become a maidofall work; and wltet lady woald want a finer lady iu bur kitchen than hensolf? I advise you to write to yonr friends,' and have them take yon any. Your money'll soon be gone, and then will come the alms-house — or a return to your friends, if you've got any. Yon can thintyfrer what I've said, and when your funds get low yon can de cide what you can do.' ? I wonld like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance,' said Bernice, her face very white, and a brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes. ' I would like to make sure of a shelter as long as possible.' She paid the necessary amount, and Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing matt-rials being upon tha table. Tbe land lady withdrew, and Bernioe was left (6 hirself. And now began for young Lady Chet wynd a straggle for existence, such as is endured by many a high-bred and educated young woman, and which involved eo much of suffering, of ' hopeful deferred,' and of bitter anguish, that one rrcoila from re cording it During the three weeks of her stay in the house, Bernice had not made a single friend. Her fellow- lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked opon her with growing cotow**, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp kuew wall the contents ot tbe small parcels -which Bernice now brought in for herself. She knew that her yonng lodger was growing paler' and thinner day by day ; she noticed that the elastic yonng step bean to flag, that the girl's tread on the stair grew daily lighter and slower; she saw the dusky eyes grew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre as bright as unnatural. And knowing and seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began- to tear that ber young lodger wonld fall' sick in her boose, and she grew anxions for the' month to terminate, that she might send Berniee away. Daring all this time Bernice had seen, no one whom she knew. Gilbert Monk had obtained no trace of her, althongh lie had sH Mrs. Crow] and Flack to search for her throughout London, where he was convinced that she still remained. He bad gone down to Chetwynd Park, and was waiting and watching for her there, know ing that sooner or later she wonld rejnrn to the old home and dear presence that held toci fascination for ber. And thos the month had gone by,--»nd two days only remained to Bernice before sbe tr.nst become again homeless and shelterless. She had but a few shillings in her purse. And Don- came tbe longing Gilbert Honk bad' anticipated— to look once more npon Lord Chetwynd's face. ' I may not live long,' she thought. ' I must see him. He need not— must not see me. I bare my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghost as before, if danger of discovery ariser. Gilbert Monk has long since given over the search for me, arid is no doubt in London reading law. I must see Roy once more before sbe claims him. I am in no danger of discovery. I shal be very guarded. Bat 1 must learn when the marriage takes place. I am dying with my yearning for Boy — my hnsband.' 6he*ould not withstand that eickjong ing of her sonl. She persuaded herself that she wonld incur no risk of discovery. And on the very nigbt before bur rant' was to expire Bernice packed np ber travelling bag afresh, and stale out of her lodgings late in the afternoon, unseen by any inmates of the house, and hiring a cab, proceeded to the railway station. And soon after dark, closely veiled, -she was sealed in a second-class railway car riage on her way to Eastbourne. She alighted on reaching her destination, se cured a fly at tbe Btation, and pursued her journey to Chetwynd-by-Sea. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her at the village inn. and in the dark, cool May night, with only a few stars gleaming through the azure dusk, she pnrsned her way to the loot of Chet wynd Park — her lost home. To be continued.) 