IHK nlSiiK IHFIOINCE. I % A VERY AibB'SlWRY. ' | g- - % r; -- - - " \ ' At tho age of thirty I found myself almost | alone in the worlA but in possetetoa of ah I income suffififint to furnish the Banes- j eanes and some of the comforts of a bachelor | fife, and with acquirements which had only to 1 be put to use in voder to be pecuniarily pro- fluctive. IMitotefcboee at first to devote j myself to any remunerative occupation, but determined to indulge in two or three years' amateur application to my favourite pursuit of i chemistry. I vss aft bom and city bred, and I in tl» city fived the Only friend I possessed. so ! in the dty I resolved t» remain. I accordingly j eearched tho Suburbs for some suitable place where I might erect my laboratory and pursue | my labours of love in undisturbed retirement. j At length I found a small two-rdbmbl cottage unOecupied, sought out the landlord, and to- j gether we went to the premises. . ! The place seemed particularly adapted for my ! purpose, ss there" was a desk fitted in a recess j | near tiie window in one of the rooms, and "before j it stood a regular study-chair, with cushioned j arms, and back set at the proper angle for a j comfortable recline in moments of meditation, j How came these to be here r ' I asked the 1 landlord. j Well," he answered. ' the man who owned ; the house, and died in it ten years since, was a j queer chap. He sold it to me cheap cn the j nagrsfcimiiag ihai I should BOt .Xtmore the ! fixturee. The two things were the only real | fixtures,; so .IsnppiMyoucs&dowvth.;'riirau" | «4 YouhavwitroteitB rincef " - . j ' Oh. yea. Atmear hfiid it fa? two or three j years, end tin agent bad it fbr his oSice: but these things suited than." - \- " All righL .They will just suit me, Ij think." . j The rent he named was low, so I took the j place, got the keys, and for the next few weeks j was busy getting my premises into order, and j transporting into the back room the miscel- j Itneous collection of chemical staffs and imple- I menta I had been accumulating for years. At | length my furnace was going, my retorts bub- ! bling, and some experiments in progres. S At the end of a few days' constant work in j the laboratory I achieved some results which I thought it necessary to chronicle with careful- j ness. Bearing to my study, which I had fur- j wisbgd with a table, a couple of common chairs, j and a hook-shelf, I seated myself at the desk, j laid out my papers, and proceeded to make copious memoranda. After having been so seated j for about a quarter of an hour, a strange thing ; happened to me. j I fell into a sort of trance. _ j The walls of the room seemed to dissolve ' away, and X seemed to see into the interior of a ; quite different apartment, in which the first | thing that arrested niv attention was the figure i of a lovely young gill seated at a round table, j with her eyes, it earned to me, gazing intently ; into mine. She seemed to have been sewing, j but her hands hadlallen into her lap, and she j | sol still ss a statue, gazing. She was lovely; : i but an attraction stronger than that of mere j i beauty seemed to drag my soul out towards j : her. I could hardly withdraw my eyes trom j 1 her to glanee round the room in which she was \ | sitting. It seemed a moderately-sized sitting- i room , iuntiBhed according to middle-class ideas ; of comfoit. In one corner stood » sort of couch, on which some person was lying, but whose face X could not see. But before I could again fix my eyes upon the girl, something seemed to Interpose, and I now only saw what I supposed to be the outside of the house into which somehow I had been looking — a email, two- windoweu cottage, with a narrow garden I in front, a high road winding past, along which 1 a waggon, loaded with bags of gram, was slowly moving, guided by a countryman In the I unmistakable garb of an English laboxn er, and so j distinct that I could rend the name on the ride- plate. There were trees in the distance, and a j church spire. Then a dimness over all — a slight | shock— and the wall cf my own room, the desk. 1 and the papers! i X got up in. agi atioii and walked up and down the room, wondering what it could mean. Sufriy I was the victim of seme extraordinary hallucination ! Something had gone wrong with the brain", that delicate instrument of the mind." But that figure ! It seemed as if X had known her for years. I went oat with the intention of calling on > ed Baxter — to whom I have already referred as the only friend I possessed — and laying the matter before him. 1 did not, however, do so. | I shrank with an unconquerable reluctance \ from speaking to anyone about my singular ex- \ perience. But when the same thing "occurred ! again and again at intervals of about three days j — always, too, when seated at my desk — re- I veaiing to me the same room, the same girl, the same outdoor scene. I could maintain silence no j longer. | Eed Baxter and I had been chums from hoy- 1 hood. "We were about the same age. and he I was a bachelor like myself. He was something connected with thelavr, and hadchambers in the busmes art of the city. He was seated al<me : in his sanctum indulging in a cigar when X went in with the view oi uhburthening my mind to him. " Have you a few minutes to spare, Eel 5" I; I asked. " | 'T should think so; too many of them, i Clients are scarce. Draw in the" consulting- ! , chair. But what's the matter? You look as if you had seen a ghost." i " I am not sure but I have." And deliberately, but not without much mental pain, I gave a circumstantial account of my last three weeks. At the dose beseemed inclined to laugh, but checked himself. I knew what he was going to say before he said it. ; "Something wrong here, old fellow," and he pointed, not to his forehead, but to bis stomach. "You must come with me to Dr. Brown's andiet him see yoor tongue." Bvrotuallyl consented. Wepioeeededtoge&er; to Dr. Brown's consulting-room, mid found him fortuxmtelydisgaged. Then between us we made the doctor ac quainted with the circumstances which hrf really led to our visit " HelistoiedfifiriiUyandwith raptaftenthm. " Aft?er'ferimg my pulse and essmuung my toiue, hesridx " ; " Thore is notimin your phyrieal condition tbat woold. VFabcipi jne in treating ?you for tnonbinama ; .but the brain tt a stranger-a. mys terious K ' Wuxks many Smflmal fryj«K Your CGnditkm in fime-Thanas let us caB them—is jSpmMhingllkB rirvoyanse. I rimuM like to see the room where the affeOioBS dwrnried." t€ Xjet ns adjourn thllher at once, then," urged avfDeKri. three proceeded towards As he wait' up the steps to the door, Dr. Brown east his eyes over the smoke-stained building. " You were slwaye reatediu this chair?" said he. Vrhen wfe got inatlp, " '' Ahf ivb." v . siid doctcar sat down before the dee. i ' Let us luive a emote," said Eed: and wb felt smoking and for about half an hoar ; wit ho ut a 'lythiiig unusual occurring with Dr. B»wn. . f-. "' ; en ref-pofty- murmured lie, us he got " - . - . .... ' Ha, ha ! " lauied Eed. 44 Let me try it" . 44 It's no use." 7 ; . " The doctor was turning and examinmg the chair. An iron bar led from thft seat to & socket in the floor, in which it worked. 4< What is below?" he naked. 44 A cellar "r"' 44 Eot that X know of. I really don't know." I had never had the door at the back end of the passage open, so I could say nothing about it. We'll soon sea,"' said Ned, leading the way | along the short passage, turning the key which stood in the lock, and revealing a Sight of about a dozen step8, ?p'Tnmw'ng mi a level with the court. | We descended, and found the back wall a : dead, mass of grey stone, excepting the one ! window which lighted my laboratory. At ths ; foot of the chair, stSl inside the passage, there \ was a blank piece oi wall smoothly plastered I over. We were passing thie on returning from I our inspection, when 2ved struck it firaily with hkknucklee. 44 Stop,1' said he, and struck it agaiu osee or ; twice. ' Bring & hammer, Anty." With the hammer lie struck the wall smartly ; £a several places, and at one part it gave back a 1 distinclly hollow sound. "There is wood here. Have you a chisel, 1 Anty?" ! This also I was able to supply, and with the hammer and chisel Ned,- who was now the iead- ihgspirit. soon laid bareanarrow d.oor,lc-vel with | the stone lintels, apparently heavy, and semrely ; locked. How to opro it was now the question. 44 The hinges look weak," siia Ned : and with i a few well-airectei strokes he severed first one ! and thai the other. Our united efforts prised | the door open from the back. All is darkness here," said Ned. as he peep ed in. A torch was improvised from a hunch of wax I tapers and we all three went in. There was a narrow passage leading to the ! left- towards the front of the house, and ending | in a square recess, which the flaring torch | lighted up fitfully, and this Is what we saw. I On a little round table a crystal "bowl, alracst | full of a clear liquid, in which floated what ! seemed a small magnet, one of its pole tquchmg | & metallic wire, whieh. as corned and dis- I appeared in the ceillnsr, just- below where stood : my study-chair : 2nd beside the bowl a small I ebony box and on the top of the box a ring, ; from a large jewel in which the torchlight scin- | filiated. ; I had just lifted the box and ring, when i Ned. exclaiming, " There is some devilry 1 here I " dashed the bowl irosa. the table. | With the eouad of breaking glass there came a \ sensible shock, a commotion iu the air, and total ! darknees. Our light had been extitig-nished. f We hurriedly made our way to the door and up i to my room, where we stood & few moments ! gazing in each other's face, i 44 What dees It all mean r ' It was Ned who spoke firo-r. I The doctor sail nothing. I I now recollected and menti.-t <11 the | landlord had told me about the " s ".rf I the original owner an-1 some time envupier of j ilie premises, and Lis peculiar provisions re- gardrng the desk ana chair. ! 44 You must get out of this," said Ned. | 44 There is not the smallest reason now," said ; Br. Brown. lIf lam not much mistaken, the | spelt is broken. But you have something in i your hand r " he saix to me. ' These were on the table.' I said, showing 1 the box and ring. ! The ring was ma-sive gold, ornamented 011 I one side with the figure of an eagle, wings i spread, and a large opal in its breast, j The box was of ebony, the lid and rides | covered with grotesque earrings in relief. A j quaintly-shaped silver key stood in the lock. We soon had it open, and this is what we found | within : — A riip or paper scrawled over with | writing, end mi3emeam a bundle of papers tied j together. I Ned undertook to decipher the former, while jT examined the latter, "which, to my astonish- : xneut, proved to be bank-notes and lorrign bonds to the total amount of Gver twentv thou- sand pounds. 44 UTiat do von make of it, Ned?" I ssked, with increased anxiety. "I can make out seme phrases," said he, ' but other portions X would defy Old Nick himself, who- seems to have a finger in our present pie, to make head or tail of." It was certainly the most atrocious piece of writing I ever set my eyes geu Entire lines were ' j ust a series of loops and turns which might | mean one thing as well as another. It was most I provoking. Our combined skill could not pro- j duce a nearer guess at its contents than the fol- lowing: — | . . 7 power nearly gone . . . filled with re- | mores ... know they are firing, bat cannot j see iheai . . . last effort of skill . . . infliMtw i one in spiritual affinity . . . tiie ring and moaev I . . . fin! them ... give ihem ... I The signature was composed of a number of j twirls and dashes, of which nothing could be | made. I ' What is to be done with the money ?; ! was Ned's next- thought. j 44 X must find tnetn,'' said L ! - Find whom r" ! 44 Those to whom it belongs.' I 44 Who are they ?" I 44 The young lady and the invalid I saw over :- and over again in my dream, or whatever you choose to call it." ' " Whew ! Then you think they are real. | living brings?" i "lam as sure of it as that I am a firing I bring myself." I 44 What do you think of him now, doctor ?" j - t WcJii x am notinrirued to make so iigt of what we have heard from our frtwu|> and what we have seen ourselves, as you, Ned. I . have witnessed somethings which peremptorily forbid that. Still I would counsel calm' con- sidaation before engaging in what may prove, after all, a wild-goose chase, and that suggests that some fink has been left out bytimmi- knownmagneiiser. You have so doe whereby to. daoovarflie whCTeabmitsof ffl itess behalf we all auose you have been omn- i HBsaoned.,, Thishadtebe admitted. So wiihoutcomix to aay feoaoa ,vt went out togbar. - The next few d&vs; . I Ispeaot oideavonring to . tojcBsama or n&al; couBBe of fife, hat IwnwaKte At Ust lshntnp tim plaee— first getting a trades-, man tq plaster over the crilar door as we had found it and dropping a fine in Nod ta inferm him of my resbhitton. X set out to fmay4!' few feir£acQVIch,do 'asl might, was before me. Beadee nor o wn Vo vmwhdming. a frost V .Aciwpe of nMmthfl af ters'ards Iwts again a hafflbdand dejectef 1 One day, alter baring aomewh&t; recovered > from tiie exhanslten ri. oj; froiileea aeardi..! waaidered ifito Netrs > office- . _ _ 41 Hallo, old, felW ! Beturced .from yoo? trayris? XVhat > suuecs?" cned Ned® te toofc my band. - . I shook my head. p "Isav. von mast > give up tlrnt. \oa. are wearing vourself to slou aud bone. Come over j > AtkteSieat he was called to the outer I sat down on the seat from winch he > had risen, and leant iny arms on the desk. Am- ; lely I trinied over a > tetter which, was i face downwards, and the name /,/ f ! seemed to strike me > in the forehead like a ; bullet. I was not ai first eonseious why it dni ! > so. and a few moments elapsed before themean- j ing flashed upon me. ' > Jcmaaian Cruo®. I Why, that was the name on tiie country waggon i I saw on > one occasion passing aksg the roeo I l«ado which my .dream-cottage stood. 1 > glanced S at the top of the sheet— 44 Greendate i Y«, I ? was almost sure t > hat this was JoBatpii i Crump. , . ' ) Ned. I cried, the moment he eii.ereo. > I " wh>r» in gaandale ? Who is JoSStte® ! CnmpJ? ' :j I 4« Jonathan Cramp is > a soit of <cfienli,or at. ' least correepoadent of mine regardiag e piece df > : biiriness I have got the arranging of : but I have : never seen him. Where > Greendale is I really ; do not know." I Where is your gazetteer?" 44 Oh, you > need not search there. It is. I be- I fievemely thoname ofafarm-steaasig. > But ' stop — it cannot be far from C .where I have ; obwrved all Ms letters > to be posted.' j And where is O- ?" | 4 In Devonshire." r = X seized a > gazetteer and a 44 Brsdshswy and ? soon bad my route chalked out. j " What's > the matter now? Where away so | suddenly r"' cried Ned «s I was rushing out. > I " I will tell you again, Ned. Good-bye." I could not bear to speak of my > new hope, j which, after all, might end in a new disappoint- ( ment. i The > next afternoon I was walking upthe ! main street of the village or town of C > — - to- ; ward the jkjst office. | 44 Can you direct me to a farm-steading > called | Greendale?" X asked of the postmaster when I . had found him. 1 .. > 44 Greendale ! — Jonathan Crump's ! About : four miles straight oat west > from tins." Itwas & fine autumn afternoon, and I set out : to walk the > distance. i From Jcnathau Cramp I trusted to learn in . what dhx-eHon he was > in the h&bli; of sending waggons lofuied with grain or flour : if possible, > where in particulsr on that day. about four months ago, which I had > carefully calculated and noted. The iufi'ience of the pure sir and mild san- > : shine (aimed the fever of my blood, end re- : airung my jaded nerves, I > felt better and hap- pier than I'had dene for months before. I was : > indulging in dreams of a happy sequel to rsv ! adventure, when, on lifting > my eyes as Y rounded a sharp bend in the road, there stood t the picture > before me—the land£cai>e of my dieaic ! The scene which had eoloug'been only > "a vision of my mind," was, after all, ah. aciually existing eon crete > reality. There, cot a hundred paces from me, was the little two- windowed > cottage, with the narrow garden in front : still further away the dump of > trees, overtopped by the church spire. My heart stood erili, and bit knees > literally "knocked together 1 ' at the sight. Marieing my emotion, . I > resolutely advanced, walked in at the wicket- gale, and knocked at the door. > I wae not the ; least astonished — in fact, it was just what I expected — > when tbe door opened, and I stood : face to face with the yosng iady of my > visions. ; I knew her at once — her features were too in- ; delibly printed > on my memory. My appear- j ance seemed to startle her m some unaccount- : > able manner, when an elderly woissn came : forward, to whom I explained that > I wished to ; se3 her mistress on a matter of fmrinesa. i 44 Oh, yoa want > Mas Beatrice." Beatrice 1 That was her name, then. 1 Recovering herself > Insfcsntlyi Beatrice, gr I : msy now call her, led the way mlo tbe rtfesa — > : 'ic room, just as I had wo it — in 02m rm-nw I the «uch. which was now, > however, emnfr. I 44 Nan, you may leave us," the said : fCT the \- woman was > lingering, and regarding me with ; some saspgon. - Sbs tbea turned her eyee > i inquiringly on me — the same blue, melting eyes. ! and almost the same > wondering appealing iookl 1 I took out the box and the ring, an<i tei.4 ! > them on the table preparatory to the telling of ; my story. laid not know > how to begin. t My" motiser's ring ! " she suddenly ex- 1 claimed, eagerly > lifting and examining tLe oris . Ihadl&id; down. 41 Or" And she hastilv \- > opened a drawer in tlte cabinet, hronghtout and : laid beride say ring > another, identical in ap- : pearanoe — my fathers ! " ! , Who was your > father f " " First tell me how yoa became possessed | of this ring. " 1 I > slowly, wid amid many interrupting ex- | damathm and interrogations, went > over the ! cfrcumstances already rdated, and finished by : laying before her > the scribbled note and the : paps: representatives of twenty- thousand \ ; > pounds. (Would to heaven I "had tweatv 1 j thousand It would be the tivingof > I j me.) | At the dose she touched a spring in one of i | the rings — Ae» > zing— when the breast oi the 1 eagisopened and displayed the miniature of a > i I nobte-looking man in the prima of fife, the 1 countenance bring > altogether the meet ;m— j presdve I had ever seen ; and performing the ! | > same operation with my ring, she showedlt to 1 1 contain the portrait of a > beautiful woman, j | young, and strikicglv like henaelf. | 1 44 These," she > said "are my tether and my i mother as they were in happy days I can-- 1 | > not remember. Often have I heard my mother ; say that they had zings > precisely alike, con- ! I tainrng their portraits, as you see.&nd; that my j > I father considered thwa "wlqftepaig." 1 " - 44 you have moved mat of which > I bad no doaM. I reeBgiuwi in 1 your mother and yourself the zightful owner > of thezingand theoontenfeaof the box." J 44 No, no," she said; 44 X cannot > talmaB thatl «SuymiilOipw£iew |«st j drewiti|uad mhl t 4'J 4<Now,inretuxn, > l4me fell yi«t some tiungs m which, if they havebeen drnvipd fromhis pqctmit > secuting someHufrtes mconnenwftS s S3 ssS my teotter said, M vw « god the > reputation of i secrete .of latere more fiiy mm iAtaBmgaround him i Titentted m the earns queetioiw as CoBcermsg one after another of titcsl 4 whom my mother could sot avoid contact, he indulged in fits of the mot ® leam&ioB.; Xpecodo I .Jfen!2LuW- aad luippmMa, in wluch day of TiSJt „ ? and upbraidi»g were succeeded bv mtervX contrition, waa brought to a cfima of day when, in a afearn of potion, helS S? swearing he would never look upon k.v , » again. And he never (fid. " 44 My mother, thus deserted, attempts to trace him ; but she had often t # so overcome with dread of him, audio 'di&bi; fate asfcoriatce and purruite — which, as 7?l eaid, were of a mjaterioue nature, beatic-r S the occult powers by whi-Ji one mmd n i | flaence or other — that she acquiesced th «.!? I eerily in her ilt-ftocceee. The cruel ptrW that fie waaleft with very slender resources was but a child then, but ever since I .a W I member we had to lire in small bosses, aid » ! molhei bad to do needlework to asast in m&i;/ | tainicg us. She managed herself to give ©e a I good education, and. since growing up. j t-r been able by art-work to lightoi her | ccBriderabfr. Her small independent ine | has died with Iter, and I am just now l ing wfcis r I had brat do in my changed tiiccE j st&Eeet.;" ; 44 You may now erase, of c-rarre. te he . , | on thai point," I remarked. ' w -- i " Well, I have now to relate some | experiences" — and here she smiled a>bi Vrcied \ — 4- almt tbe counterpart of your owr». se ; whkb will explain the manner in whi- J, J ceived you at the door. In tbe sprifie— j What did yoa say' was the date of tV ' dream cr viskm ? I gave her tbe date. I She opened a small roemoreni ora hvk. >ry \ alter ccRultrng it. continued : - ! 44 On that vciy ssme «Iay I wsattliv£«x;?:j» | at ih: tebte, my mother reeling cn hs -if \ when a'J at once I scorn ei to fail into a tirccii f state. 1 use the phrase for want of a better' to | deecribe any secsations. Intervening cbtiu n \ Sfeemed tolosethrir soKdity, and far away gt. the ; end of a vista, yet so distinct ssto give the feelic-f ; of nea mess, I bs w a face gating at me with-! i as if Well, with an earnest, friendly gs;.c. t How long this lasted I cannot tell, bet | uaily the face disused, the vista closed. at<l I with & shiver I found myself sitting as tefore, ! with the work in my hands, and the room ertn j way the same. Several times thereafr.tr this j recurved at intervals of :u>oufc three dare, ar-d then the vkit&ticus; ceased as xm&cccuctkly; as they had begun. The face I saw was y.;u<-s, $j i yoa may well believe that when I x&et; v.-u I was rather startled. Yet I hai come to Ihink « of you as a triend.:' 44 Fray eoctiiiue to tlunt 01 cte « : j . I : iaterjecte't. j 44 And was not so much surprised e« mi-ht re ; supposed at fiu-iing you to be a sohe-scis! reeiity, and not a mere phantom cf the bmh;.' j "And, n .-w," she ad-led. 14 1 h-vo i - - st to ; thank yoo sincerely for all the trouble yo have | been at cn our — on my account. I am ver; gkl i to get the ling.5 J - X"«:-u think, then, that it must kav teei : your father who occupied my ple-.e ci w-;rk ' some ten years ago and wrote these were":'' I 44 It could be no otter person. lb -re seta j his signs lure to other papers, and thcub nivie j distinct, they much resembled tiiis." | " Having got the clue, I think I can tr \ e"'-e ; letters, and Toim them, into Martin f;' vLxsix- ! berg.' | fi Bat that money ! Tou mu.st al ksr: l.kc 3 I large eh are of it."1 I —Certainly not. I will, however, if rex | wish, take charge of it in themesntirrc. gii>i Ete , I you again ec<m. Where will I be likriy to g«t: 5 a lodging near for a day or two? Is "Acts n j place nearer thrj C | hhe hesiiated. end then said : f 44 1 think ef Jonathan. Crump's— tlcr.g -.hs | lane which strikes to the right after you pits ? the lodge gate." I found Jonathan Cramp's, hut msies'I cf | pestering him with qneetions about his waggca?, f I merely asked for a bed. A comfertabN? boi- | room, at a moderate rent, was placed a t e\ vH£- I poral seleng s£ I chose to occupy it.. I And now enraeda few weeks wnkii rrcved d« moat isfis«ful of my fife. t Secatu ceeeding day fcund me besds Ber trice, I the ' love dream" rapid' v becoming a fweeta: 1 reality. Sometinies I sat besiie 1 in bhe 4 cream-room." sometimes we rt-ffibled j togtiher guild the beautifd nxmry ,;f j the neighbourhood . taking at cf ber plans for the future, thea of the pas--, ss-i | then of anything that suggested itself. _ | mcie 1 knew her the more I loved her. 3 f: f hex niasmer wus agreeable and her niiroi as I cnltiYEted as her face was "beautiful tr figure graceful. I At length one day X said to her . . I 44 You remember you wished m: to si. a : e j money with your | "ies — yes — and" And I refused. What i: I soy . i am willing r" I 44 It would please me very much. i 44 But what if I add a condition "r" | 1 - What r t 4i lest "-aa it.' j She needed not to speak to let me fcicv t-;-S I my csmditioa was accepted. We have now spent many hapfy Tv,';"® husband and wife, and often tali cv ! stranve and mvstmioim ocearreiioes xv---3 brought as together.— -Ifbeklg 