A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas; One morning Arthur Heywood received a Strongs letter It was from his msldeu nant, Miss Mnud Heywood, „ 11 nomc at onco," it said. "I am going to rillo nnd I wftnt fn Irava van 'mv nrnrntrtv. It seems xibt to sco yon first.'' - Arthur hart never met bis Aunt Mnud. who lived by -horself in n hnndsomo country residence She lmd inherited it from hor mother, while tho boys— Ucr brothers — wore obliged to tnako their own fortunes. Arthur's father bud been the eldest, and all ho bad evor said of bis sister Maud was that some, thing she bad done in early youth bad made them all -angry, and that they never bow eauu otner, ana, lor ms pare, na never de6ired to do so. . : And now, when Arthur Heywood wns quite aiono in'tbo world, this aunt had written to bim. - Be expected to find a wltch-liko old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant woman - -.'bad opened the door, he was ushered into a room -where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the Bbadcd lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet ohair, nnd held out her :hnnd to him Heywood," she said " xou rMemblo-sb „t0- not B0 etern. Selim was riern 'fe jti m motu„ IS gone, too. -Well,- had bard Hfc.of it, unless .bo was; ,tuan to,niB BiBier. . 7 . ? ' "There, don't eponk. , Ishnll say.notbirig but what 1 fed. This estate oqgbt to.go to a Hey wood. -.You shall have it. I think vou will hnvo to wait a few months. -. My At present I nm not very ill, but it .will bo ns I ehy. - -- ' : - . " Don't express regret. You care nothing for ine, and the eatato is valuable, and, above all, .1 bate hypocrisy, I havo mado my will in your favor. Stay until tbo last". \- ."With .'these, words! aho;- closed' : Arthur's mouth; : Then she rang tho bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty., year-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though ho had been a -school- boy, - . It was a largo room at the end of a. long passage, very handsomely furnished, hut at the same "tirao.very gloomy.: Arthur folt curiously uncomfortable as ho piiced.ihe long floor," nnd despito tho early hour, resolved to go to. bed atonce Anight lamp stood upon the montol-picco ; bo lit it before bo retired. The excuse be mado to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill iu the night; but he was conQelous of a renewnl of his old ohildish. terror of the supernatural.- - " . : . m it is all this talk of.'dyibg andvof will and legacies," ho Baid. " I sbnll Bleop it off." : And, In fact, lio fell as1.eep? very, shortly. And without being disturbed by so mucn as a dream until midnigbt,i at whieb'hour, tho proper ono, as wo all knqw, for tba gbost- seer, ho was awakened with a start, to scoat tho foot'bf bis bed a little dark woman with 'fierce,': brlght'oyes, who wore n curious sort of 1 white cap- on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tlcd a whito apron.' Sho seemed to bo a nursc or a eer- vant.ofsomc sort, and . it was Arthur's im- pres8ion.that his aunt wns ill. ' ' MIIavo you come to call me?" ho asked. ; . The woman camo a.littlo nearer.' u Yea,". replied a voice, which made liis. blood run cold ; 11 that woman is dying," My aiint?" ejaculated Arthur. Your aunt," replied the figure. "If some one doesn't: set to work at onco ahe'll die without being hung, . I want her hung." " This is a lunatic," thought. Arthur,., lie istnrtcd to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what sedmcd best under' the circumstances/ but the woman was gone. Ho'went.to the door.. It was fastened as he had left it on rotiriag. Tho windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly/ he mnde 'sure thnt no ono was hidden there, resolved that ho had had a bad drenm, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why Imagination should play such freaks on him . However, this dream, if drcam. it wcro, was repeated tbreQ times. Each time tho strange, dnrk woman expressed her desiro to see Maud Heywood hung, nnd dcolarcd that if It wcro not dene it would soon be too Into;- (.- : , - : His nunt was. not. a woman to. whom to repeat such a dream, even had oho been in ptro'ng.bcnlth. jhere .was no one else to speak 'io.!. . ' , Hut the thing aeemcd so curious, that Arthur made a record oE it in a'nort of diary Ivo was in the habit of keeping, following it . by aomtvTeflcctions upon dreams,. . . . At last, however, ho was awakenod not. by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. Ilisnunt was dying— a servant hod come for bimv When ho reached lior room she wns. in-" sensible . She never spoke to him again. He could not mourn her loss, for she wns almost' n stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possiblo to her memory. The funeral was largely aitcudcd, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; nud in due course oi time tho will was rend. It left ovcrything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain ns it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar— never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why,' wrote tho testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to this, beennnot inherit. 1 shall leave a codicil to be rend, io enso that ho refuses, directing the disposition to bo mado of the house." But Arthur had no hesitation In agreeing to this whim of his dead nunt, who, doubt-; less, bad consigned to tho garret some treasures of her youth which sho did not wish to destroy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought homo a wife Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a Kd-ub justt lu u uuuauaccpur , out whenever Mrs. Heywood- made this remark, her hus band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one," " Who will ever know ?" she would urge. V Who cares ?" ' A codioil which I have never seen re mains," Arthurwould reply. " Who knows what might happen ?7 And bo his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber . Tho mystery was greater, however, to the children , and when the eldest boy wns ten years old it had occurred to him that no thing could bo so delightful as to peep into that garret, iu which'migbt bo hidden nil sorts of wonderful treasures. And so 011c day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers bad left near the bouse, he gained thcsloping roof, and reached tho dormer wiadow. Perched on the sill, be peeped in ; but nt the raomi nt tho ladder slipped. Ho remained on tho window ledge, screaming for help, and tho fruit-pickers, bearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up tho alopiogroof, the men could not reach uim, and 'knowing nothing of the taboo which forbado tho opening of the garret door, ono of them bade the child re main wbcro ho was until bo camo, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all tho household Tho door was soon broken in, tho window opened, tho child rescued. And.thcn tho woman, who until now had forgotten all- but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about hor. . Tho garret was a bare place, hung with old garments ahd smelling hideously. In one. dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what? To approach, to gnze, nnd to rush wildly from the room wss the work of a moment. ' It wns a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with n cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. . Arthur Heywood was absent from homo at the time. When he returned he found tho 1 'ng-BcJcd garret door opened, beard, his wife's eiory nmidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. - There ho' stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. The skeloton upon, tbo bed wore the grey dresSj tbo white cap, and had , the straight : bldck bair of tbo woman who bad appeared, to bim thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his nunt, Maud Heywood.' HfL-l-MnH iLtjl VMAAM 1; A JlAnAMAMM l«A J UIII'ITUI- UUO UlwIIUb, vilU Ult)LVTl,lj iltlU been a public ono, and so must th'c cxplana- tion ; bo;', . Arthur / sont- for tbo .proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in wbosri possession waa a codicil of tho will which hod given Arthur poaaeeaion of- tho eatato. This codicil bad boon enveloped and scaled by Miss Mand; who alone know the contents; It contained theso words : "This paper will only bo opened if the garret is . opened ulao. In that case my secret will bo known to tbo30 who ore of my own ago, for there wns. much excitement when Jane Jnrvello disappeared. She: was well-known in the. neighborhood, /nnc! bnt for letters which I wroth myBelf and ex- debited to ourious folk, tbo trutn might havo -vriCtriri Ss'fioiiiJ keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years-f ago, I whs betrothed to a man I adored'. Jly brother Itupert hnted him. Ho placed -Jnnn .Tflrvello in mv house ns - <t sdv. / Sho inttrcoptcd letters and worked irieucb away that my engagement was broken off and my lite "embittered. My lover left mo with 'soorn, ' boiioving a . false tale,, and married' anothor. One day I disco. erod Jano Jar- vella's treachery. ' I want In search of her, I found her in tho garret. . There wo had a soene, and there I mardered her. I stabbed her to the heart. She lived only long enough toBbriek: ' " 'I will haunt the houso until yon are hung fortbisl' "She has dono it, I liavo seen her. But T-shalt not bo hung. . The Bocrot is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed ) my servants in ribpdy, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane bad been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not- lie. - . . « My brother, Ituportjcross-questicned me,- arid '.made/great search for Jano Jrirvollo; the othera woro noyef good to mo. : Ours was an unkindly race ; but Selim, though stern,- was a just man. -To his only son I havo left att; Let him pity me. Y; » Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghbat'of my victim, novor nt ICSti 'IJUYCi -pUttUV, . JJUIOUVV l.iw» 0 dread of ri horriblo death'on tho gallows, and assured of future punishment, what has.my lifo been 1 Again I say— pity mo, and pray, for me." 