KELIGIOUS NEWS. ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. On Sunday the Bishops of Bathurst and Tasmania preached at St. Peter's Cathedral to large congregations. At the morning service the Bishop of Bathurst occupied the pulpit. and his sermon was based on the words con tained in Luke vi. 49. He said that yester day within a few yards of the place in which he was then standing a grand ceremonial had taken place, grand and impressive it certainly was in spite of the adverse weather. It was connected with the laying of the stone of the enlarged Cathedral of St. Peter. But before that ceremonial could take place work men had been for a long time engaged in digging deep and laying huge and solid foun dations. They understand, as well as the de signer of the work, that the safety of the future structure depended upon that work being well done. However perfect the design of the superstructure, this was the first and great care of every architect and workman. Hence the subject matter of the text would at once be realized as of interest to all' assembled in the Cathedral that morning. The words were connected with a short parable with which our Lord closed the Sermon on the Plain, of the Sermon on the Mount as it was more generally called. The Bishop drew a picture of the scene, the gathered multitude and the preacher, and showed how in that sermon at once so lofty and so simple, so authoritative and so loving, the Great Master attracted the attention of His hearers whilst He told them much about His Kingdom, its nature and duties, the character of God and the new life. How he caused the so phistries of the Rabbis and Scribes to disappear, and showed thai He required supreme love and devotion to Himself, concluding and en forcing all His teaching by the parable of the text, and yet, said the Bishop, men in spite of these solemn warnings go on building for themselves erections in various lands. Some tho fair and stately edifice of human learning, and such say this is the one in which man is fitted by nature to dwelL Then others mere morality, a man's good deeds and words, social qualities, domestic virtues, and this, too, gains much approbation ; others that the Most High is too good to punish the evil ; others that guilt and holiness are mere arbitrary distinc tion ; that life, so wonderful in its develop ment, is a mere accident- or result of some law. Man's confidence in his own powers, man's presumption, his indifference or recklessness aid in this teaching, and much weight it might have if this life were all, if no storm king were ever abroad, if no darknei-3 gathered or rain descended or wind blew. Bub carry ing out our Master's teaching in tho parable. We tell you of one, the foundations of which were laid deep by prophets of old, who testified of Christ and the glory which should follow nyoa His sufferings ; then came the ministry of the Apostles, whose names are inscribed upon the feundation-stones of the New Jerusalem, as seen in the vision of John. These Apostles, mentioned first in order by St. Paul in his description of this building, by the light of Pentecost made Christ's teachings plain, and the things only dimly narrated to tho Prophets clear. But the building has yet another feature ; the corner- stone had yet to be laid, which was Christ. In Him all the converging lines meet, and this was part of the teaching conveyed by your Bishop yesterday, which made that ceremonial complete, 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we place : this corner stone in the name of the Father ape! the Son and the Holy Ghost.' In Him the whole building is fitly framed together. In this faith we erect our Cathedrals and Ctrarehes. In this faith we go forth to com plete the great spiritual edifice in connection with our home mission work— working together with Him, a high and exceeding honour. We build not merely for time, but for eternity, resting upon the true and o ily foundation On Sunday afternoon a special Masonic service was conducted in St. Peter's Cathe dral. At half-past 3 o'clock about 200 mem bers of the Craft in South Australia, with visiting Masons, assembled in St. Barnabas' Gellcge to prepare for the service and arrange their regalia. Soon afterwards the private brethren marched in processional order to the sido of the Cathedral, where they formed two columns and awaited the arrival of the Grand Lodge officers, who left the College at 4 oclock. The officers in cluded His Excellency tho Governor Grand Master of S.A.), Chief Justice Way P.G.M-), Sir W. J. Clarke (Grand Master of Victoria), SirM. H. Davies(Victoiia), Mr. Lem priere (Victoria), the Hon. Dr. Tarrant (P. G.M. New South Wales), and others. The po cession entered the building by the chancel doorway, and the Masons marched to the seats which had been set apart for them in front of the pulpit. The choir also marched into the building singing a processional hymn, the Bishops of Bathurst and Adelaide, with their chaplains, Archdeacon Morse, and the Rev. W. S. Milne (Precentor) following. The Bishop of Bathurst was the preacher, and he delivered a fine sermon, taking for his test on this occasion 2 Timothy ii. 13 — ' A workman that needeth not to be ashamed,' the expression being, a3 the Bishop explained it, the general word' used for any kind of work, the workman unshamed of his work being found one worthy. Having indicated the original reference of these words the Bishop went on to apply them to the Masonic structure, which he said was unques tionably a very ancient one. It did not, how ever, take its rise in the mysteries of Egypt, India, or Persia, for they were due to a falling away from the trutli, but Masonry was believed to have preceded them, and to have been originally formed for the purpose of pre serving intact those Divine truths revealed to man in tlie nature of the Supremo Being and His_ relation towards man in his present life and that which is to come. The Masonic structure had been carefully con ceived and gradually carried out The names of its first founders were unknown, but one thing is certain that those to whom the first conceptions of it are due must have been endowed with grer.t assistance from wisd m, for wisdom, strength, beauty, order, are clearly manifested. The square, the level, the plumbline, and compasses have been constantly used to test every portion of it. There was evidently no scamping either in the prepara tion of the plans or carrying them out. Look at those two degrees of ancient date. What beautiful lessons they convey of the two stages of life, youth and manhood. What trusting belief is taught us in the Great Creator and Ruler of the Universe and the duties we owe to Him. They had shown that by patient seeking we may acquire wisdom to unfold those beauties of moral character which are so essen tial to usefulness and success, and in the second degree how a polished and well udorned mind and stability of character is in sisted upon. No one can regret the existence of the third or less ancient degree, where it bids us contemplate the end, and the light beyond the grave indicates that this life is not all. Then what grand principles are brought into prominence. Brotherly love, relief, a-id truth. No wonder that Masonry is in high esteem — that Australasia has its 40,000 Masons — especially when we know that Masonry stands out clearly as a constant upholder of belief in the Supreme Being whose sacrrd volume lies open in every Lodge, and according to the teachings contained in which every Mason is required to regulate his life and actions, and that whilst we are taughb that we should be living stones and active workmen, yet that the real glory is due to the Supreme Architect, who, enthroned over all, fills the temple with the light of His attributes. To the Mason who is a Christian there are suggestions of Him whom he recog nises as his Master and intercessor with his Father, and although the name of Christ is nob mentioned, as in all probability Masonry i3 anterior to the revelation of the Son of God, yet a Christian who has studied our mysteries with care can find a place and a home within the Masonic Temple. The Bishop, in con cluding his address, urged upon all the brethren to show themselves true Masons and thorough workmen. Prudenee, temperance, fortitude, justice, brotherly love, and charity svere to be their guiding principles; like their Grand Master Hiram Abiff they must prefer death to dishonour. They must act upon the square and carry oub the five points of fellowship, eo that when the Greab Master came to reckon with them, they might be workmen nob aehamed of theirwork. Upon the conclusion of the service the private Masons inarched out and again formed into lines to honour the officers, the whole company then proceeding to the College to remove their official decorations. In the evening the Cathedral was crowded, and the Bishop of Tasmania preached an eloquent sermon on the words to be found in Hebrews xiii. 6. He said it had come-home to aim much of late that just as too many people FOEEed through life ignorant of the marvels of Mature so it was also with respect to the truths af God. They had heard the glorious tidings from childhood, but had they ever faced those truths until they had seen a vision of the true beart of God ? Even if they could do without bhe marvels of earth's history they could not afford to neglect the truths of the Kingdom of Heaven, which were revealed by God himself. The text spoke of Jesus Christ and hia attribute of deity, and the truth was that God had an unchanged and unchangeable nature. That wa3 a fact that required direct revelation. He doubted whether man could have discovered it. In all tho attempts of men to make gods for them selves the invented divinity was agigantichuman being, and in that point, especially like them selves, he was conceived as hating them when they sinned and loving them when they pleased him. They were not the same two [lays. They hated and loved, were stem and tender according to their changing moods and fancies, and had made their God to fee tb.-3 same, Why did QlirLstiAiB think thus of their God? Was there no one present who believed that God had his favourite children and nations, and that at one time he loved, and at another hated. Yet the actual truth — the very opposite — had lain at their feet since childhood, only it had not been picked up. Did they think God was the same changeable being that they themselves were. No act of theirs could change the essential attitude of their Father towards them unless they wished to disbelieve the whole go3pel of Christianity. He might punish them, but still His punishment was only a loving act, for it all proceeded from the very nature of an unchangeable God, who treated nations as he treated individuals. The practical lesson to be drawn from the truth he had touched upon was that tho Father wished his children to be as He was. The life which did Him most honour was that which was spiritually born in earliest infancy, and which, going straight on, needed no con version. The preacher impressed upon his hearers the necessity for training children in the great truths of the Bible, and he asked that they would help to furnish means of com municating those truths to the bush families by supporting the H- ;me Mission Fund. At each of the three services the choir sang an anthem. In the evening 'Angels over bright and fair' was sung, Master A. James taking the ? solo. The collections for the Home Mission Society in the Cathedral for the day amounted to between £46 and £47. St. _ Johk's Chtjbch. — On Sunday evening the Bishop of Bathurst preached in St. John's Church, taking for his text 1 Chronicles xxiL 16 — 'Arise and be doing, and the Lord be with you.' He showed the original reference of the words of the text ; how they were those of an unselfish man, the words of a father to a son, and of an old man to one who was young. Also from references to other parts of the Bible the Bishop made evident that the summons contained in the text was one fre ouently in use when great occasions arose. Carrying on the suggestion of tbe text ho pointed out the activities of Naiure, and showed that all were required to ' 'be doing, ' but that with all our activities in order to ensure success the presence of our great leader was necessary. 'The Lord be with thee.' After indicating the general 'application of the words, he referred them specially to the mem bers of the Church, for God's Church must, if it be true to itself and its mission, be a mili tant, a fighting, a working Church. There could be no standing stilL The banners of the Cross must ever be advance. ? Her grand hymn was 'Onward, Ghristian Soldiers.' After showing how important was individual Chris tian life and effort, the Bishop urged upon his hearers the necessity for further support being given to the Bishop's Home Mission Society. S.A. Sunday-school Uxion Festival. — A rehearsal was held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Friday evening of all the older scholars to the number of about GOO, when the Opening Ode (the music and words of which have been specially written for the occasion) and tho Cantata, 'David, the Shepherd Boy' were gone through. There was also a fair number of instrumentalists present. The conductor, Mr. W. R. Pybus, expressed himself as being very well satisfied with the progress that had been made. The ode was especially well rendered seeing the short time tho music has been in tho hands of the scholars. Mr. T. N. Stephens kindly wrote a new processional hymn, which was tried for the first -time, and went very well. St. Ignatius' Church, Norwood. — On Sunday, September 2S, the dedication cere- mony of the additions to St. Ignatius' Church was performed by the Jesuit Fathers. His Grace the Archbishop was prevented by indisposition from attending, as previously announced. The additions, comprising a hand- some porch, with side entrances and spiral staircases to the choir gallery, and a sub- stantial fence of jarrah and galvanized iron, in place of the old straggling paling fence, are now completed, and considerably enhance the beauty of the building. After the dedication ceremony, solemn High Mass was celebrated, the celebrant being Very Rev. A. Reshauer, S.J., assisted by Rev. J. Peters, S.J., as Deacon, and Rev. A, Hager, S.J., as Sub -Deacon, Rev. Father McEvoy, of Adelaide, being Master of Ceremonies. The building was densely crowded. The choir rendered Farmer's Mass in splendid style, Miss Morris ably presiding at the organ. The soprano solos in the 'Kyrie,' 'Gloria,' and 'Dona Nobis'were effectively and gracefully sung by Mrs. E. Heuzenroeder, Mrs. Pfaendler ably assisting the soprano. The solos in the 'Credo' and ' Benedictus' were artistically rendered by Miss Nellie O'Sullivan, who also sang the offertory piece, 'Ave Verum' (Millard), with taste and feeling, her full clear voice being heard to great advantage in a building possessing such perfect acoustic properties. Mrs. McAree and Miss McDermott took the alto solos ; the former lady also tastefully sang the 'Agnus Dei' from Weber's Mass in G. The tenor and bass parts were care- fully executed by Messrs. John O'Sullivan and F. Siebert respectively, Mr. Julian O'Sullivan ably assisting the bass. An elo- quent sermon appropriate to the occasion was preached by the Rev. Joseph Peters, S.J., who gave a brief sketch of the Mission Church, and pathetically called to memory the late Rev. J. N. Hinteroccker, S. J., who twenty years ago erected it. A considerable sum was collected towards the cost of the building improvements. St. Paul's, Adelaide.— At this Church on Sunday evening the Rev. J. W. Owen, B.A., preached a farewell sermon to a large congre gation. During the course of his address the rev. gentleman referred to his four years' con nection with the Church. He concluded by offering to his hearers some sound advice for their future guidance. 