in Ocean Tragedy. By W. CLABK RUSSELL. CHAPTER m.—continued. LAUBA JEMTCNGS. At.t, this my Bight took in quickly. The men had quitted the windlass,-and were urmlring sail upon the yacht nimbly, but so quietly, even With a quality of stealth in their manner of polling and hauling, that Dro could not have been a stiller ship had fre befell a privateersman getting under Waj^ on a dark night with a design of surbtiamg a rich fabric. or of escapinga heavily- armed enemy. They lookeaa stout crew of men, attired without the uniformity that is usual in yachting companies in these days, though the diversity of dress was not sufficiently marked to offend. I gathered that the vessel carried a mate as well as a captain, and- detected him in the figure of a sturdy little fellow, with a cast in his eye and a mat of red hair under his chill, who stood betwixt the knightheadft forward, staring aloft -at a hand on t&e; topsail yard. Captain Finn saluted the girl and me with a flourish of fcliahypawtohishat, but was too full of. businessto give us further heed. *' We shall be under way veiysoon now, . Miss Jennings," said I; " it is a strange voyage that we are undertaking." "A. sad one, too," she answered. . " You show a deal .of courage in accompanying Wilfrid," I exclaimed. "I hesitated at first," said she, " but ; ha seemed so sure of pvertakingthe Shark, andpressed ineso earnestly to. join him, believing thatthe sight^of me, ox that by jny pleadingto—to—" She faltered, flushingto theJByes, and half .tumed.from joe with auch a tremulous* parting of iierlipsio theguBhofiihemild breeze, which Seta hindr^golden fibres of her hair .dancing about her Jear8, tliat I expected to see a tear upon her cheek whenshe looked at me afresh. I'pra- •tended to be interested in nothing but the movements of the men who werehoisting the mnimanl, " What do you think of -the voyage, Mr. ^Monson?" she exclaimed after a little pause, though she held her face averted as jf waiting for the flush to fade out of her cheeks. \- •** It ^bothers me considerably," I an- . swered ; " there is -nothing to make heads dr tails of in it that I can see." "But why? "and now she stole a sidelong look at me. .- ; " Well, first of all," I exclaimed, " I cannot imagine that there isthe faintest probability of our picking up (he Shark. She may be below the horizon, and we may ibesailing three or four leagues apart for Says at a stretch, and neither ship with, the faintest suspicion of the other being close.'. Hie ocean is too big for a hunt of thiB sort." "But suppose we sftouWpick her up, to use your term, Mr. Monron ? " "Suppose it, Miss Jennings, and add this supposition: that thegallantColonel" —die frowned at his naiae, with a sweet curl of horror on her lip as she looked down—"who will long before have twigged us, declines to heave-to or have anything whatever to do with us; what then?" ' "I suggested this to your cousin," she answered quickly; " it is a most natural objection to make. Hie answered that if the Shark refused to stop when he ftatied her—that is the proper term, I know— he would compel her to come to a stand by continuing to fire at her, even if it came to his sinking her, though his object would be to knock her mast down to prevent her from sailing." \- I checked a smile .at the expression ''"knock her mast down," andthen caught myself running my glance round in search of any hint of ordnance of a persuasive land ; and now it was that I noticed' for thefirst time, secured amidships of the forecastle, and comfortably housed and tarpaulined, something that my naval in- Btancts were bound to promptly interpret into a long Tom, and of formidable calibre too,if the right sort ofhintof it was to be obtained out of itsswathiiig. ,1 also obeervedahotiher feature that had escaped me: I mean a bow-port on either side^&e; bowsprit-^adetail of equipment «o -union in a pleasure craftas to force me to |tbe condusionthat theapertures had beetfquiteimwly cut ^dfittod. ' I httereda low whistle, whilst I found my pooapahion'? gaze .rooted upon me with Hie Bamecritic^attantkm in the spirited bluegLoun of ifcl had before noticed. "Well!" said j, taking a bit of a breath, "uponmyword,thetigh-,I should niot have thought he had it in him ! Yes, yonder's a remedy,", I continued, nodding in the direction :of iiie'forecastle, "tocprxespond.with Wilfrid's intentions if "he's fortunate enough tofall in with the Shark. Will she lie armed, I wonder ? Itwotdd ~tben make the- oddest of all peppering matches." " If the yacht escapes us, wc are certain to meet with her at the Cape," said Miss Jerinihgs. It was idle to argue on matters of sea- ..manship with the pretty creature. <• "Wilfrid has said little on the subject .to me," I remarked. " He was dreadfully overcome when he called to ask me .to accompany him. But it is good and brave of you to enter upon this wild exeriment with a womanly and a sisterly in ope of courting the fugitive back to her right and only resting- place. My cousin will receive her, then!" " He means to come between her and the consequences of her—of her folly," said she, colouring again with a flash in her eye and a steady confrontment of me, " let the course he may afterwards make up his mind to pursue be what it will." -. I saw both distress and alifcfcle hint of temper in her face, and changed the subject. • " Have you been'long in England 1" "I arrived three months ago at Slier burne Abbey" (my cousin's seat in the north). " You know I am an Australian? " "Yes, but not through Wilfrid, of whose marriage I should ha?e learned nothing but for hearing it talked about one day in a club. A young baronet who had met Lady Mormon was loud in her praises. He described her as a wonderfully beautiful woman, but dark," with fiery Spanish eyes and raven tresses;" and here I peeped at her own soft violet' stars and sunny hair. " Yes, she is beautiful, Mr. Monson," she answered sadly,'' too beautiful indeed. Her face has proved a fatal gift to her. What madness 1" she exclaimed, whispering her words almost. "And never was there a more devoted husband than Wilfrid. And her baby—the little lamb 1 Oh, liow could she do it 1 how could she doit!" "With whom has the child been placed ? " said L " With a cousin, Mrs. Trevcr." "Oh, I know, a dear good creature: the bairn will be in excellent hands." " Sir Wilfrid was too affectionate, Mr. Monson. You known," she continued, looking at me sideways, her face very grave, " if you have ceased to love or to like a person, your aversion will grow in proportion as he grows fond of you. It is not true, Mr. Monson, that love begets love. No; if it were true, my sister would be the happiest of women." "Have you met Colonel Hope-Kennedy? " "Oh yes, often and often. He was a veiy constant visitor at Sherburne Abbey." " Pretty good-looking 1" "Tall, very gentlemanly, not by any means handsome to my taste, but I have no doubt many women would ^hinlr him so." - ". "The name is familiar to me, but I never met the man. -Did. ho -iiye^iin J3ie northi" - "• 'Yr . • No; whenever he came to Sherburne Abbeyhe was yourcousin's guest." . Phew! thought I. "And, of course," I - said, willing to. pursue the subject afresh, since' xt did not seem now to embarrass her to refer to it, whilst I was curious to learn as much of the story as could be gpt, < .my cousin had no suspicion of the scoundrelism of the man he was entertaining." .. " No, nor is he to be blamed. He is a gentlemen, Mr. Monson, and, like all fine, generous, amiable natures, very, very slow to distrust persons whom he has honoured with his friendship. -When he came to me with the news that Henrietta had left himlbelieved he had gone utterly mad, knowing lum to be jmt a little"—she •hesitated, and ran her eyes over my face as though positively she haltad merely to the notion.that perbapB J was a trifle gone, too ; and thien, clasping her hand before her, and hanging her head so as to look as if she was speaking with her eyes closed, she went on: "I was much with Henrietta/and often when Colonel Hope- Kennedy was present. 1 had ridden with them, had watched them whilst they played billiards—a game my sister was very fond of—observed them at the piano when she was-singing and he turning the music, or when she accompanied him in a song; he sang well. But—it might be, it is true, because I was as unsuspicious as Wilfrid—yet I declare, Mr. Monson, that I never witnessed even so much as a look exchanged between them of a kind to exdte a moment's uneasiness. No! Wilfrid cannot be charged with blindness; the acting was as exquisite as the object was detestable." And she flushed up again, -half turning from me with a stride towards the rail and a wandering look at .the green countay, which I accepted as a hint that she wished the subject to drop. The yacht was now under way. Hey had «atted, and were fishing the anchor forwards'; I noticed that the man I had taken to be the mate had arrived aft and war at the wheel. The vessel's head was pointing fair for the Solent, and.already you leard a faint crackling sound like a delicate xending of satin rising from under the bows, though there was so little weight in the draught of air that the Bride floated -without the least perceptible list or .inclination spite of all plain sail being upon her, with the exception of the topgallant sail. • ? "! "Fairly started at lait, Miss Jennings," said I. \- She glanced round jhastily as though disturbed in an absorbing reverie, smiled, and then looked sad enough to weep, all in a breath. V . Well, it was a solemn moment for her, I must say. She had her maid with her, it is trne ; but she wa^ ' tiie. only lady on woman to keep her in countenance, so to speak, with the sympathy of presence and sex-;, she was boi«id oiua.trip,o£-whicli no mortal man could have dated the termination—an adventure that might carry her all about the world for aught she knew, for, ^M:she^^:;fyl}y conBcious of the very variable weitfeervif-'my cousin's mind, to use the old phrase, she would needs be too shrewd not to conjecture that many wild and surprising things were quite likely to happen whilst the power of directing the movements of the yacht remained his. And then again she was in quest of her sister, without a higher hope to support her than a fancy—that was the merest dream to my mind, when I thought of the little baby the woman had left behind her, to say nothing of her husband—that her passionate entreaties backing Wilfrid's appeals might coax her ladyship to quit the side of the gallant figure she had run away with. Just then the merry silver tinkling of a bell smartly rung sounded through the open skylight, and at the same moment the form of a - neat and comely young woman-arose in the companion hatch. f^What is it Graham ? " inquired Miss Jennings. " The first dinner-bell, Miss. The sgpond will ring at the half-hour." The girl pulled out a watch pf the size of a thumbnail and exclaimed, "It is already five o'clock, Mr. Monson. It cannot be a whole hour since you arrived 1 I hope the time will pass as quickly when we are at sea." She lingered a moment gazing shorewards, sheltering her eyes sailor-fashion with an ungloved hand of milk-white softness, on which sparkled a gem or two; then, giving me a slight bow, she went to the companion and stepped down the ladder with the grace and ease of a creature floating on wings. Ho, ho! thought I, she will have her sea legs anyhow; no need therefore, Master Charles^ to be too officious with your hand and aim when the hour of tumblefication comes. But that she was likely to prove a good sailor was a reasonable conjecture, seeing that she was comparatively fresh from probably a four month's passage from Melbourne. I followed her after a short interval, and then to the summons of the second dinnerbell entered the cabin. The equipment of the table rendered festal the sumptuous furniture of this interior with the sparkle of silver and crystal, and the dyes of wines blending with the central show of rich flowers. The western sunshine lay upon the skylight, and the atmosphere was ruddy with it. One is apt to be curious when in novel situations, and I must confess that yachting in such a craft as this was something very new to me, not to speak of the uncommon character one's experiences at the onset would take from the motive and conditions of the voyage; and this will prove my apology for saying that, whilst I stood waiting for Wilfrid and his sister-in-law to arrive, I bestowed more attention, ftutive as it might be, upon the two stewards and my cousin's man than I should have thought of obliging them with ashore. The stewards were commonplace enough, a pur of trimbuilt fellows, the head one's face hard with that habitual air of solicitude which comes at sea to a man whose duties lie amongst crockery and bills of fare, and whose leisure is often devoted to dark and mysterious altercations with the cook; the second steward was noticeable for nothing but a large strawberry mark on his left cheek; but Wilfrid's man was worth a stare. I had no recollection of him, and consequently he must have been taken into my cousin's service since I was last at the Abbey, as we used to call it. He had the appearance of a man who had been bred to the business of a mute, a lanthorn-jawed, yellow, hollow-eyed person whose age might have been five-andtwenty or five-and-forty; hair as black as coal, glossy as grease-brushed flat to the tenacity of sticking- plaster, and fitting his egg-shaped skull like , a wig. He was dressed in black, his trousers a little short and somewhat right at the ankles, where they revealed a pair of white socks bulging with a hint of gout over the sides of a pair of pumps: He stood behind the chair that Wilfrid would take with his ads reverentially claspedupon his waistcoat, -ills whole - poseukse^mdicatlve aisthumility and resignation. Nothing could —ofbe more in harmony with the melancholy, nature of our expedition than this fdlow's countenance. Miss Jennings arrived and took her place; she was followed by my cousin, who walked to the table with the gait of a person following a coffin. This sort of thing, thought I, must be suffered for a day or two, but afterwards, if the air is not to be cleared by a rousing laugh, it won't be for lack of any effort on my part to tune up my pipes.' CHAPTER IV. . IN THE SOLENT.. THE dinner was exquisitely cooked, and as perfectly ordered a repast as the most fastidious could deyise or desire; but veiy little was said, mainly, I suspect, because our thoughts were filled with the one subject we could not refer to whilst the attendants hung about us. What fell was the merest commonplace, but I noticed that whilst Wilfrid ate little he offered no objection to the frequent replenishing of his glass with champagne by the melancholy chap who stood behind him. By and by we found ourselves alone. "That is veiy honest port; you need not be afraid of it, Charles," said my coubIo. ' 'Bo you understand gunnery ? " "I believe I could load a piece and point it," said I, smiling, "but beyond thatr—" " Have you seen the gun on the forecastle?" " Just the outline of a cannon," I answered, "under a smother of tarpaulin. What is called a long Tom, I think." " You will have guessed the object of my mounting it ? " said he, with a frown darkening his face to one of those angry moods which would sweep athwart his mind like the deep but flitting shadows of squall clouds over a gloomy sky sullen with the complexion of storm. "Yes; Miss Jennings explained." I answered, glancing at her and meeting her eye, in which I seemed to find the faintest hint of rebuke, as though she feared I might be laughing in my sleeve. " What's the calibre, Wilfrid ? " " Eighteen pounds," he answered. "An eighteen pounder, eh! That should bring the Shark!& spars about their ears, though. Let me think: the range of an eighteen pounder will bej at an elevation of five degrees, a little over a mile." " If," cried my cousin—lifting his hand as though to smite the table, then bringing his clenched fist softly down, manifestly checked in some hot impetuous impulse by the sense of the presence of the girl, who regarded him with a face as serious as though she were listening to a favourite. preacher—" if," he repeated, sobering his voice with the drooping of his arms, " we succeed in overhauling the Shark, and they refuse to heave her to, my purpose is to wreck her aloft; and then, should they show fight, to continue firing at her until I sink her." There , was a vicious expression in his eyes as be said this, to which the peculiar indescribable trembling or quivering of the lids imparted a singular air of cunning. " Is the Shark armed, do you know ?" said I. " She carries a couple of small brass pieces, I believe, for purposes of signalling. Pop- guns," said he, contemptuously. " But I fancy she has an armoury of her own. Lord Winterton was constantly cruising north oa shooting excursions, and it is quite likely that he let the weapons which belong to him with the yacht." " If Colonel Hope - Kennedy's pro gramme," said I, " includes a ramble amongst the South Sea Islands, you may reckon upon his having equipped himself with small arms and powder enough, if only with an eye to man-eating rogues. But to revert to your long Tom, Wilfrid. It should not be hard to sink a yacht with such a piece ; but you are not for murdering your wife, my dear fellow ? " " No, no," said he slowly, and speaking to me, though he kept his eyes fixed upon his sistcr-in-law, " have go fear of that. It is I that am the murdered maiu" He pressed his hand to his heart. Rather put it thus: that when -they find their vessel hulled and sinking they will get their boats over and be very willing to be picked up by us." " But your round shot may knock their boats into staves," said I, " and what then?" ' Our own boats will be at hand to rescue them," stud he, now looking at me full with an expression of relish of the argument. "But, my dear Wilfrid," said I," "don't you know that when a craft founders she has a trick of drowning most of the people aboard her, and amongst the few survivors, d'ye see, who contrivBd to support themselves by whatever lay floating ;ht not he Lady Monson ! " ' le took a deep breath, and said, so slowly that he seemed to articulate inth difficulty, "Be it so. I have made up my mind. If we overh&ul; the Sfia*fc and she declines to heave to, I shall fire-Into her. The blood of whatever follows will be upon thevr heads. This has been forced upon me ; it is none of my seeking. I do not mean that Colonel Hope- Kennedy shall posses my wife, andX will take her from him alive if possible ; but rest assured I am not to be hindered-from separating them though her death should be the consequence." '. Miss Jennings clasped her fingers npon her forehead and sat motionless, locking down. For a little I was both fetairiled and bewildered ; one moment he talked as though his wish was that his Vi^e shoiiSd not be harmed, and the next, m -wome concealed convulsion of wrath, he. >betrayed afar blackerresolation thwiever I could have imagined Mm capajble of. Yet in the brief silence that flowed I had time to rid myself of my li^e fit ot consternation by conridering n first of all, that he was now talking just w^accoijling to my notion, he was actii^g-^insaiiely; next, that it was a thousand to one against our falling in with the yacht; and again, supposing we came up with her, it was not very probable that the crew of the Bride could be tempted, even by heavy bribes, into a measure that might; put them in jeopardy of their necks or their liberty. It was now dark, and the cabin lamps had been for some time lighted. The evening looked, black against the portholes and the skylight, but the cheerfulness and beauty of the cabin was greatly iieightoned by the sparkling of the oil-flames in the mirrors, the swing-trayB, the glass- like surface of the bulkheads, and so on. Miss Laui&'s golden loveliness—do not laugh at my poor nautical attempts to put this amber-coloured, violet-eyed woman before you—showed, as one may well suppose of such a complexion and tints, incomparably perfect, I thought, in the soft though rich radiance diffused by the burning sperm. I wondered that she should listen so passively to Wilfrid's confession of his intentions should we overhaul the Shark. My gt ;azc-..wflnt_to-l»cE_aa, he conclude^tile speech I have jusc sec Oovm ; but !. -fit witnessed no alteration in as much of her: face as was visible, nor any stir, as of one startled or shocked, in her posture. Possibly she did not master all the significance of his words ; for how should a girl realise the full meaning of plumping round shot out of an eighteen-pounder into a vessel till she was made a sieve of ? Or it' might be that she was of my mind in regarding the expedition as a lunatic'undertaking, and in suspecting that a few weeks of this ocean hunt would sicken Wilfrid of his determination to chase the Shark round the world. Or mingled with these' faneies, besides, their might be enough of violent resentment against her aster, of grief, pain, shame, to enable her to listen with an unmoved countenance to fiercer and wilder menaces than Wilfrid had as yet delivered himself of. - ~ These thoughts occupied my mind during the Bhort Bpell of silence that followed my cousin's speech. He suddenly rang a little handbell, and tus melancholy servant came sliding up to him out«f the after cabin. . "Tell Captain Finn I wishtoiseehim \- that is, ~if ne can leave the deok, 1 ' The fellow mounted the steps. " What is the name of that gloomylooking man=of yours, Wilfrid 1" " Muffin," he answered. " Have I not seen somebody wonderfully like him," said I, "holding on with drunken gravity to the top of a hearse trotting home from the last public-house along the road from the graveyasd i " . Mjlss Laura laughed; and there was a girlish freshness and arch cordiality inher - laughter that must have put me into a good humour, I think, had .it been my wife instead of Wilfrid's that Colonel Hope- Kennedy was sailing away with.- g "Maybe, Charles, maybe," he answered, with a dull smile; " he may have been, an undertaker's man for all I know ; though I doubt it, because I had him from Lord l with a five years' character, every word of which has proved true; But I knew you would have your joke. 'The fellow fits my temper to a hair; he has a hearse-like face I admit; but then he is the quietest man in the world—a very ghost; summon him, and if he shaped himself out of thin air he .couldn't appear ' at your elbow more noiselessly. - That's his main recommendation to me. Any kind of noise now I find distracting ; even music—Laura will tell you that I'll run a mile to escape the sound of a piano." At this moment a pair of pilot breeches showed themselves in the companion-way, and down came Captain Finn. As he stood, hat in hand, soberly clothed with nothing more jimcrackin the way of finery upon .him than a row of brass.waistcoats buttons, I thought he* looked a veiy proper, sailorly sort of man. There was no lack of intelligence in his eyes, which protruded, as from a long habit of, staring too eagerly to windward and tryingto see into the inside of gales of wind. He was remarkable, however, for a face that was out of all proportion too long, not for-fche width of Ins head only, but for his body; whilst his legs, on the other hand, were as much too short, so that he submitted himself as e person whose capacity of growth had been esperiment^y distri-- buted, insomuch that his legs appeared to have come to a full stop when he was still a youth, whilst in his face the active principles of elongation had continued laborious until long after the term when nature should have made an end. " A glass of wine, captain 1" said Sir Wilfrid. "Thank your honour. Need makes the old wife trot, they say, and I feel a-dry—I feel a-dry." " Put your hat down and sit, Finn. I want you to give my cousin, Mr. Monson, your -views respecting this—this voyage. But first, where are we ? " "Why," answered the captain, balancing the wine-glass awkwardly betwixt a thumb and a forefinger, that resembled nothing so much as a brace of stumpy carrots, whilst he directed a nervous look from Wilfred to me and on to Miss Laura, as though he would have us observe that he addressed us generally; "there's Yarmouth lights opening down over the port bow, and I reckon to be clear of the Solent by about three bells—half-past nine o'clock." "The navigation hereabouts," Baid I, "needs a bright look-out. The captain may not thank us for calling him below." " Lord love 'ee, Mr. Monson, sir," he answered, " the mate, Jacob Crimp, him with the one eye slewed—if so be as you'vp noticed the man, sir—-he's at the 1 helm, and I'd trust him for any inshore 'navigation, from the Good'ens to the Start, blindfolded. Why, he knows his soundings by. the smell of the mud." How is the weather?" inquired my cousin. Fine, clear night, sir; the stars plentiful and the moon arising; the wind's drawed a bit norradly, and's briskening at that; yet it keeps a draught, with nothing noticeable in the shape of weight in it. Well, your honour, and you, Mr. Monson, sir, and you, my lady, all I'm sure I can say, is, here's luck," and down went the wine. Captain," said Sir Wilfrid, "oblige me by giving Mr. Monson your views of thechase we have started upon." Finn put down the wine- glass and dried his lips on a pocket handkerchief of the size of a small ensign. " Well," he began with a nervous uneasy twisting about of his legs and feet, 'my view's this: Fidler isn't likely to take any other road to the Cape than the one - that's followed by the Ihdiemen. Now," said he laying a forefinger in the palm .of his big band, yellow still with ancient stains of tar, whilst Wilfrid watched him in his near-sighted way, leaning forward in the posture of one absorbed by what is said; "youmay take that there road as skirting the Bay o' Bif&ay; and striking the latitude of forty at about fifteen degrees east; then a south by west half west course for the Canaries; the Eqnator to be cut at twenty-five degrees west, and a straight course for Tnnidad to follow with a clean brace up to the South East trades. What d'ye think, sir ? " Oh, 'tis about the road, no doubt," said I, for whatever might have been my thoughts, I had no intention to drop a discouraging syllable then before Finn in my cousin's hearing. "But," said the captain, eyeing me nervously and anxiously, "if so be as we should have the luck to fall into that there Shark's wake, you know, we shan't need totrouble ourselves with the course to the Cape south of the equator." Of course not," exclaimed Sir Wilfrid. By which I mean to say continued the captain, giving his back hair a pull as though it were some bell-rope with, which he desired to ring up the invention or imagination that lay drowsy in his brain, " that if we aren't on to tlie Shark this side the Line it'll be better for us to turn to and make up our mind to crack on all for Table Bay to be there afore her, without further troubling ourselves about her heaving in sight, though, of course, nnmn bngl>t look-out 'lLbe_kept." ?Good," said WiJjKdwith aTBeavy emphatic impnati nod; " that's not to be bettered, tninkj Charles." " I suppose," said I, addressing Finn, that, though your hope will be to pick up the Shark any day after a given period, and thougli you'll follow the scent of her as closely as your conjecture of Fidler's navigation will admit, you will still go on sweating—pray pardon this word in its sea sense, Miss Jennings—your craft as though the one business of the expedition was to make the swiftest possible passage to the cape of Good Hope ? " \- "Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she's something to jockey, Mr. Monson. You don't know her yet, sir." " The Shark 1 * a fore-and-aft schooner? " " Yes," he answered. "She carries a square sail, no doubt?" " Ay, a big 'un, but good only for running, and we ain't without that canvas, too, you must know," he added with the twinkle of humour in his gaze that I had observed in him when Wilfrid had first i made him known to me. ( Enough of it, Mr. Monson, to hold wind to serve a Dutchman for a week, not to mention a torps'l and t'gallants'l fit for a line-o'- battle ship to ratch under." This was vague talk, but it pleased Wilfrid. "Square yards are very well," said I; 4 'but surely they don't allow a vessel to look up to it as though her canvas was fore and. aft only ? I merely ask for information. My marine experiences were limited to square rigs." •" There's nothen to prevent the Bride from looking up to it as' close as the SKaffc," answered Finn. "The yards '11 lie fore and aft; what's to hinder them ? There ain't no spread, sir, like what you et in ships with your futtock rigging and backstays and shrouds in the road of the.slings elbowing their way to channels big enough for a ball-room. Besides," ie added, "suppose it should be a matter of; a quarter of a pint's difference, we IieSd but stow the Bquare cloths, and then- we ain't no worse off than the S&arfc.;" ; "True," said I, thinking more of Miss Jennings than of what Finn was saying: so perfect a picture of girlish beauty did she happen to be at that instant as she leaned on her elbow, supporting her chin with a small white hand, her form in a posture itfcat left one ride of her face in. shadow, whilst the other side lay bright, golden, and soft in the lamplight ov£C the table. She was listening with charming gravity, and a countenance of sympathy whose tenderness was unimaired by an appearance of attention that could not doubt was just a little forced, gince our sailor talk could not but be Greek to' hfer. Besides, at intervals, there was a liffc of -the white lid, a gleam of the violet eye, which was like assuring one that thought Tgas kept m the direction of our conversation only by constraint. I was beginning to feel the want of a cigar, and I had been sitting long enough now topnake me pine for a few turns on deck, .'but I durst not be abrupt in the face of my cousin's devouring stare at his skipper and the pathetic spectacle of the contending passions in him as he hearkened, now nodding, now gloomily smiling, now lying back on a sudden with a frown which he made as if to smooth out by pressing his hand to his brow. "The Shark," said I, "has five days' start of us. Give her hundred miles day, for the mere sake of argument; she should be, at that, well in the heart of the bay. " By heaven ! within arm's length, of us, when you put it so! " cried Wilfrid, extending his hand in a wild, darting, irrelevant gesture, and closing his fingers with a snap as though upon some phantom throat he had seen and thought to clutch " Five hundred miles," exclaimed Finn, apparently giving no heed to the baronet's action. " Well, sir, as a bit of supposing, there's no harm in it. It might be more. I should allow less. There's been no weight of wind down Channel. What's happened, then, to blow her along ? But there's no telling Anyhow," said he, picking up his cap and rising, " there's nothing in five hundred miles, no, nor in a thousand, to make us anxious with such a .race-course as lies afore us. 'Tain't as if we'd got to to catch the craft before she'd made Madeira." He paused, looking a little irresolute, and then said, addressing Wilfrid, 1 1 don't know if there's 4 anything more your honour would like to ask of me ? " "No, not for the moment," answered my cousin dully, with the air of a man languid with a sudden sense of weariness or exhaustion following some internal fiery perturbation ; " it is just this, Finn. Mr. Monson served in the Royal Navy for a few years, and I was anxious that he should be at once made acquainted with your views so that he and you could combine your experiences. You have chased in your time, Charles, no doubt?" "Not very often, and then always something that was in sight," I answered with a slight glance at Finn, whose gaze instantly fell whilst he exclaimed : " Well, sir, any suggestion you can make I'll be mighiy thankful to receive. But itH be all plain sailing, I don't doubt; it'll be all plain sailing," he repeated, rumbling out the words in a stifled hurricane note, and, giving us a bow, he went up the steps. . Wilfrid gazed at me vacantly when I proposed a cigar on deck. "What do you think of Finn?" he asked. "He seems as honest a man and as practical a seaman as needs be. But he has had command of this yacht since you bought her ? " He nodded. "Well, then, cif course you know all about him. He lias clearly been a merchant Jack in his day, and has all necessary experience, I daresay, to. qualify him for this charge. But, I Bay, Wilfrid, let us go on deck, my dear fellow. Miss Jennings, I am sure, will not object; to the scent of a cigar in the open air." "Nor down here either," she exclaimed. " I shall remember that," said I gratefully. " Now, Wilfrid, won't you— ? " "No," he interrupted; "lam drowsy, and thank Heaven for a sepsation that threatens to become a novelty. If I get no rest to-night it will be my eighth of sleeplessness, and I must humour myself; yes, I must humour myself," he repeated, talking in a sort of muttering way, and rising. I advised him by all means to withdraw if he really felt tired, and further recommended a boatswain's caulker of whiskey to top off the champagne and port he had been swallowing. '' How will you amuse yourself, Laura ?" he exclaimed, turning to her. " It will be dull work for you, I fear." 4 1 No, no," cried I blithely, "why need Miss Jennings be dull? It must be our business to keep her lively." "I can sit and read here," said Bhe, " till it is time to go to bed. What is the hour, Mr. Monson ? " \- " Juat on the .stroke of-eight/' said I. She made a pretty little grimace, and then burst into one of her refreshing cordial laughs. "A little early for bed, Wilfrid," she exclaimed. He smothered a yawn and responded : " I will leave you to Charles. Would to heaven I .bad his spirits. God bless you both—goodnight. He rang for his valet and stalked with hanging arms mid drooping head, in the most melancholic manner picturable, to his cabin. I asked Miss Jennings to accompany me on deck. " There is a moon in the air," said I; "you may see the haze of it through this porthole; but I must not forget that it is an autumn night, so let me beg you to wrap yourself up warmly whilst I slip on a pea-coat." I fancied she hung in the wind an instant, as a girl might who could not promptly see her way to walking the deck of a yacbt ^alone with a young man on a moonlight or any other night, but she assented so quickly in reality that I daresay mysuspicionwas an idle and groundless bit of sensitiveness. Five minutes later we were on deck together. The yacht was floating through the dusk —that was tinctured into glimmering pearl by the broad face of silver moon which had already climbed several degrees above the black sky-line of the Isle of Wight—without the least perceptible stir or tremor in her frame. The wind was well abaft the starboard beam; the great main boom overhung the port quarter; the white sail rose wan to the moonshine with a large gaff topsail above it—for those were the days of gaffs—dimming into a space of airy faintness to the masthead, above tlie white button of whose truck you caught the icy gleam of a metal vane as though it was a piece of meteoric scoring under the dust of the stars that hovered in the velvet gloom like a sheet of undulating silver glooming out into hollows in places. Light as the breeze was, and following us besides, it held the canvas asleep ; but that eveiy cloud-like cloth was doing its work, too, the ear quickly noted in the pleasant fountain-like sounds of running waters over the side, with a cool seething noise in the wake and a fairy tinkling of exploding foam-bells. The land to port loomed black against the moonshine, save where some slope or other catching the slanting beam showed the faint green of its herbage or wooded growths in a very phantasm rot hue, like some verdant stretch of land dyeing an attenuated veil of vapour witnessed afar upon the ocean. Over the port bow I caught sight of a light or two a long way down the dusky reach, as it'seemed, with a brighter gleam to starboard where the land, catching the moonlight, came in visionary streaks and breaks to.abeam and on passed the quarter wherfe it f&emed; to melt out into some twinkling beacon — off Calshot Castle, maybe, so far astern it looked. I spied the sturdy figure -of the mate standing beside tlie wheel, no longer steering, but manifestly conning the yacht. The skipper was abreast of the skylight, leaning over the rail with his arm round a backstay; there were figures moving forward tipping the gloom there with the scarlet points of glowing bowls of tobacco, but if they conversed it was in whispers. The stillness was scarce imaginable. It was heightened yet even to my fancy presently when, growing used to the light I spied the phantom figure of what was apparently a large brig clouded to her royals with pale canvas stemming the Solent outward bound some half a mile distant. " There is no dew," said I; " the moon shines purely, and is full of promise so far as fine weather goes. Well! here we are fairly started indeed. It is almost a dream to me, Miss Jennings, d'ye know?" continued, staring about me. "Three days ago I had no notice of anything having gone* wrong with my cousin, and therefpre little dreamt, as you will suppose, of what I was to enter upon this blessed afternoon. Three days ago! And now here am I heading into God knows what part of this mighty globe of oceans as empty of all theory of destination as though T were bound in a balloon to the irt the poets call intersteller space, gow is it all to end, I wonder? " She was pacing quietly by my side.' "You think the pursuit a silly one. Mr. Monson?" ; "Yes, I do, and Wilfrid knows that I do. If he were not— he is my cousin, Miss Jennings, and a dear friend, and you are his sister-in-law and dear to him, too, I am sure, and so I dare to be candid with you—if it were not that he—" I touched my forehead: " would he embark on such a quest as this ? " " Yes," she replied, with just enough of heat or temper, or whatever you like to call it, in her voice to render her utterance distinct with unconscious emphasis. "He adored his wife. Can a man tear his love into pieces in a day, as though it were no' more than a tedious old letter? He thinks he hates her; he does so in a sense, no doubt; but in a sense, too, hejstill worships her. Mad! that is what you mean." I was beginning to protest. " Yes, it is what you mean, and you aro right and wrong. If he does not pursue her, if he does not recover her, she is lost for ever; she is lost now, you will tell me. Ay," die cried with a*little stamp, "lost so far as her husband's heart goes, so far as her honour is concerned; bqt not so utterly lost as she will later be if she is not rescued from that—that man, who must be so served, Mr. Monson, as to render it impossible for him ever again to trouble the peace of another home, to break the heart of a noble-minded creature and rob a little infant of its mother. Hate him! Oh, girl as I am, I declare before my Maker I would shoot him with my own hand!" There was nothing in the least degree theatrical in her way of speaking. The words came in a huny to her lips from her indignant heart, and I heard tlie sincerity of them so clearly in the mere utterance, I did not doubt for an instant that, iput a pistol in her hand and set up the figure of the colonel in front of her, she would have sought for his heart, if he had one, with the barrel of the weapon without so much as a sigh at having to kill him. I felt abashed; her sincerity and resentment were overwhelming; her strength of feeling, too, won a peculiar accentuation from the character of airy delicacy, of tender fragility, the moonlight gave to her fair and golden beafttyj : It was like listening to a volume of sounds poured forth by a singing bird, and wondering that' Buch fat-reaching melody should be produced by so small a creature. "I fear," said I, "you don't think me very sincere in my sympathy with Wilfrid—" "Oh, yes, Mr. Monson," she interrupted ; " do not suppose such a thing. It is not to be imagined that you should take this cruel and miserable affair to heart as he does, or feel it as I do, who am her sister. " The truth is," said I, "it is impossible for a bachelor not to take a cynical , -vtewortKraDies ot this adfE^TSnnnrwas- r charged with the. murder of his sweet- ' heart. The judge said to him, 'Had the woman been your wife, your guilt would not have been so great, because you would have no other means of getting rid of her save by killing her; but tlie unhappy creature whose throat you cut you v couki have sent adrift without trouble.' Wbat I mean to say is, Miss. Jennings, that a husband does not merit half the^pity that I is felt for him if his wife elojpes. He is easily quit of a woman who is his wife only by name. I am for pitying her. The inevitable sequel, the disgrace, desertion, and the rest of it is as punctual as tlie indications of the hand of a clock. . . . But see how nimbly the Bride floats through all this darkness and quietude. We shall be passing that vessel shortly, and yet for canvas she , might really be one of the pyramids of Egypt towing down Channel." We went to the rail to look, I, for one, glad enough to change the subject, for it was nothing less than profanity to'be arguing with so sweet a little woman as this—in the pure white shining of the moon, too, and with something of an ocean freshness of atmosphere all about us such a gangrenous subject as the elopement of'Lady Monson with Colonel Hope-Kennedy. Outof all my sea-going experiences I could not pick a fairer picture than was made by tlie brig we were passing, clad as she was in moonlight, and rising in "steam-coloured spaces to mere films of royals motionless under the stars. She was a man-of-war;. the white of her broad band, that was broken by black ports, gleamed like the ivory of pianoforte keys; her canvas was exquisitely cut and set, and trimmed as naval men know how—one yardarm looking backwards a little over another, -the rounded silent cloths, faint in the radiance with a gleam as of alabaster showing through a delicate haze, and high aloft the tremor of a pennant like the expiring trail of a shooting star.' All was as hushed as j death upon her; her high bulwarks con-: cealed her decks; nothing was to be seen stirring along the whole length of the shapely, beautiful, visionary fabric that, as we left her slowly veering away npon our quarter, looked to lose the substance of her form, as though through the gradual absorption of the light her own white canvas made by the clear and icy radiance of the soaring moon. "To think now," said I, "of the thunder of adamantine lips concealed within the silence of that heap of swimming faintnees! How amazing the change from the exquisite repose she suggests to the fierce crimson- blaze and headlong detonations of a broadside flashing up the dark land and dying out miles away in a sullen roar. But d'ye know, Miss Jennings, I shall grow- poetical if I do not light another- cigar. Women should encourage men to smoke. Nothing keeps them quieter." We exchanged a few words with Cap^ tain Finn, who, together with -the mate, was keeping a briglit look-out, and then resumed our walk, and, in a' quiet chat that was ended only by a small bell on the forecastle announcing tlie hour of ten by four chimes, Miss Laura gave-me the story of my cousin's introduction into lies family, described the marriage, talked to me about Melbourne and her home there, with more to the same purpose, all very interesting to me, though it would make the merest parish gossip in print. Her mother was dead; her father was a hearty man of sixty who had emigrated years before in dire poverty, " as you will suppose," said she, "when I tell you that he was tlie son of a dissenting minister who had a family of twelve children, and who died without leaving money enough to pay for liis funeral." Mr. Jennings had made a fortune by squatting, but he had lost a considerable sum within the past few years by stupid speculation, and as Miss Laura said this I could see, by hearing lier (to use a Paddyism), tlie pout of her lip ; for, bright as the moonlight was, the silver of it blended with the golden tint of her hair without defining any feature of her clearly, saving iier eyes, in which the beam of the planet would sparkle like a diamond whenever she raised them to my face. She told me "i. GLASS OF WINE, CAPTAIN ?" SAID SIR WILFRID. L Reserved.. her ,father was veiy 'proud that ' his daughter should become \ lady x>f title, and ^t he opposed the biarn*£e, too. In short, he saw that Wilfrid's nnnd wias notassound as it should be, though lie nerer oould point to any act or speech to justifyjhis migivings. But this was Intel- Ij^^^mough; for, to spgak of my cousin as jflp%ml>ered him in earlier times, the n6£i& ^ou got that he was not straighthe^M^ as I have before said, was from his^S^ce, and the suspicion lay but dully . in:ipne, so rational was his behaviour,'so polished and often intellectual his talk, tin||ncia sudden it was sharpened. into conation on your hearing that there was instanty-in his mother's family. v*-.!|®®6fc had Lady Monson to say to yom^a^ier's misgivings ? " I inquired. j'Sae 4 accepted him, and insisted upon ii^dghim. He was wonderfully fond v ofii0r,-3ir- Monson." "indshe?" \- -I;jaw<!r her give her head a little shake, but Remade no reply. Perhaps she consideiiwL 'that this trip we had started on suppfctly answered the question. She said,[-alter a brief pause, "I myself thought :iby father a great deal too critical in ^ iwtimate of Sir Wilfrid. No one talkedmore delightfully than your coiuin., He was a favourite with everybody whoi^i he met at Melbourne. He was fr^fronaC his : j?ayel8, and was full of entertunmg ' Btori^ and shrewd observations; and thm^l^tin, he had much to say about Euihwegn capitals, of English university li&J;^piAglish society—you will not need me ij^ellyou that we colonials have little weaknesses in regard to lords and ladies and |$j£he doings of high life, from which peopldjnEngland are quite exempt, and for the having which I fear we are slightly sneered at and a good deal wondered at. I cajwht the sparkle of ber ated * "And pray, Miss Jennimp^' » " what would your papa think if he'i to knbw that you had embarked o^wl I must: still take the liberty of caQihg, a veqrqueer voyage ?" ' : ' ' Oh, • she cried quickly and almost hysterically, "don't ask me what-he. would ilunk of what I am doing!. What will be his thoughts when he gets the news of vrhat Henrietta has done ? " . ; .. She ; j£tgped her head. away from me, anft'k&pl;|it averted long enough to niakej • me sUSpiict that tliere vnu 'a t^ ^^^ " eye.: tt~iras then that a struck.tibe forecastle bell four times. .:,-"•' --. "Ten o'clock!" she exclaimed, knowing as an ocean traveller how to interpret sea time.. " Good night, Mr. Monsqn." I handed her down the companmn.;£tepfl« : ; and went to my own cabin, and was pc# sently in my bunk. But it was *&$». seven bells, half-past eleven, before I fall T3w bxeeze had freshened; had drawn apparently more yet to the northward, and jM^yacht having hauled ita-lHtnow th&|jim?iW6re out of the Solent, was over a trifle with a Sputtering i^^ftjijiy w "snapping" „ _ oF~5offi long! her' bends '"---' '-Snd. - 1 a - -quiet —moaning - sou downjadbo her heart out of' the hollows of -.. her ^c^nvBs, whilst an occamonal cregk bret^jltig'from one'knew hot what partof tliejstmcture, hinted at a taut drag'' of jbM^ijjp^l sheets, though there was >no motii&^an the water over whetee surface io≶^gplded as steadily as a sleigh over yrered plain. one thing on top of another, I suppo|&3 the fancies put into me by Hie oddness of this adventure; the memory of ^he^long gun forwud; Wilfrid's tragic intentions, the darker to my mind because itjwifc vso eaty for me to see how grief, wr^tl^ is sense of .dishonour, bitter injury, with^iinpulses not imaginable " by me iffiiftjjjfa'y recurrence to the motherless litipte^by at home jrould visit him with, had^uickeiied in him of late the deadly seminal principle that circulated in his •Stoop?' Then again, there was Miss Jjsaa^a beauty, if beauty be the ptoper teiSi|feb-expre8s a combination of -physical duiirafr which a brief felicitous 'sentence JBcel^t ^single line from some old, poet woolfL letter convey thant-fifly -pages of desc&gpiion; her conversation; her sym-. path^ with the motiye of this trip; her apparent heedlessness as to the time to be it» her indifference as to the majlputude of the programme that Wilfrid's reso&lion; to recover his wife might end infjarning if Table Bay should prove but \- liing point—I say it was one thing > of another; and all reflections aha Stations being Tendered acute by the- gplrit of life one now felt in the yacht, andj&atawakened; the most dormant or pua|ed faculty to the'perception that it grim, downright earnest, small wondigr that I should have lain awake \- ajf.paat eleven. Indeed, that I have snatched v a wink of deep t blessed night is a mystery only rtially resolved by'refiecting that _'©ung, heedless, "unencumbered" M^th^-Bay, a lover of adventure, and in m itigpse dissatisfied by the company I ~ )Uh&myself; among. "Ji;r. (To be continued.) 