the young folks. JAPANESE CHICDBESr. Owmgtotheirlongexclusivenees, the Japanese race h*» many peculmritie* which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, end numbers of their youth ere constantly gent to Europe for educational purposes. These young peoplo are intelligent and keen, but they are so much upon tbs watch for our peeuliarihea that it is easy to see they are not to tho manner bom; they are the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not pampered, uud petted, and made into nothouie plants. Mothers work upon what is known as thetounheniug theory. Plenty of life m the open air, often in a state of nudity and with tho head shared, is the common treatment. In the house babies are left much to tlieir own device,. Most of tho furniture of a European home ia not seen among the Japanese, 'thick mats aro almost the only adornment, and that "•“Us a splendid playground for the little chudreil. . Superstition begins with achili’s birth, and, in order to keen off the bogies,.its first olothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, the material being dyed sky blue tor that purpose. Among the waslthier families tho “iteeont of Ceremony ” says that ‘twenty.four baby robes, twelve of ulk and twelve of cotton, must bo prepared, the hems being dyed saffron eok ur,” and that when the child hat been washed its body “ must bo dried with a fino handkerchief of cotton unbemmed.” The next important business it giving it a name. The chud is taken to the temple and merely prorated there, without any religious •sesmony. _ The father gives thres ussnsu to the' priest, and be writes them on »s pa rate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, and then, with certain form*, thrown into the air. The tat that falls ia tha'choaen same. This is written' ont on paper ana given to the child’s parents to; pntevve. The priest* cithern times are usually; very liberally dealt with by parents in the jnatter of presents, and 'they are expected to keep an accurate registry otfthe ohilifren pro rented at ■ the temple. An follows a family feart at bouse, at whiah thne tha chUd receive certain specified presents; U it ia a girl, a pot of pomads; if a bey, tworana. In both cases a packet of flax thread is atady signifying good wime for nlceig life. ' " Ancient customs provide that tha baby clothes msy ha left off on the seventy- fifth day after birth, but they wNifba left off oaths one hum dredand twentieth, which is the time eet for weaning the child. There are elaborate eers* monies connected with this, one of which ia that »» feeding by hand begins than, if the child is a boy - it must l» fed by a gentleman of the family; if a girl, by a lady. . When n boy is three yean old a sword-belt ia buckled on. When he ia aeveo be baa two •mall awords put in it if he happens to belong to the privileged dess. Babies always bare the head shaved until they are four years old, then thiee little patches ciuldrea in Christian lands an vary fond of hearing stories like “Ciadarella” and “Jack the Giant Killer,” “ Beauty and the Beast aud, etrauge to say. Japansse babies have the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some slap that are peculiar to them-, •elves, like the story of the “Two Bamboos,“ which is here given : - Bv the side of the boy of Yeddo, on a beauti ful bank, grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, lusty, and strong : the other graceful, drooping, and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: “ I should like to know what good you aro! The smallest breeze mskss you bend your head almost double and sigh with pain. Look at me! I don’t care what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. I can face them and feel the better for it.” The ale rer bamboo, who was modest snd attiring,, eplicd: “ Yes, we are cash suited to onr vocation in life. You will be a stout coolie polo.” “Coolie pole, indeed!” snorted her companion,contemptuously. “Hot I! nothing but the mast of a junk Tor me.” “And I,” said the slender bamboo. “I shall be used to decorate a bouse at the Hew Year festival, if I’m to be used at all.” “ Don't count on that,” roughly said the big bamboo. “They'll mako yon into mats or something or other low. Why, you’re fit tor nothing else!" As he spoke a strong breeze came in from the sea ana made the whole hillside quiver and sigh—all but the •toot bamboo, who merely bent his bead as if to say “ Go on: it pleases yon snd don’t hurt me,” while the poor little one at bit tide bent, snd swayed, ana groaned to tee so many of ber tender leaves torn away. ■ Time went on. Twood-cutters came. “ Orra! Orra !” they cried. “ Here's s line fellow for HinaabPs junk!” “ Told you to,” whispered the big bamboo. “ Now for Ufe! Anything rather than stop on this bank spend ing tbs best years of one’s Ufe in listening to your groanings.” The axes were plied, and he fell with a thundering crash.' Meanwhile the slender -bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and called her their “ Silver Spray.’’. One dey there was a great hullabaloo in the plantation. “ What is the matter?” asked tha bamboo of ber neighbour. “ They are going to build a bouse here for the Prince of Tosa,” replied the tree, “ and we're all to be swept And tbe next day the wood-cutters aame and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the sand were thrown the beautiful Bowen and the graceful clusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled anil wondered when her turn would come. At length the de stroyers approached her, and a'man was swing ing his axe in the air to give her the fetal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard: “No; don’t kill Silver Spray—pleaso don’t!” The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they planted heron a bank overlooking the sea. One day a dreadful storm arose, the water was churned into dark-green mountains of wares, and in all directions juuks could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. Next .morning tho shore was strewn with timbors and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men. nnd among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked in many places. -As* the men dragged him to the foo’t j of the garden he saw her and said : “ Ah, I wish I had been a coolie pole !’’ And he was cut up for firewood, but the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when she heard boasting going on around her would often tell tbe story of herstroug, lusty com panion. Oue or two hundred years ago the old fashioned nurses were not content with telling tales like “ Cinderella" and tho like, but iliere was a whole range of literature like the “ Tale of Lord Lovell,” and tho “ Babes in the Woods," and “ Mary Amhree,” and tho “ Witch* Mother,” aud the like. The Japanese childreu have talcs like these and far wane,. for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. There is not an operation of nature or a simple act of daily life which has not an association of some weird oncaimv ghost or apparition. They art? everywhere.. They not only appear m the d:;rk, or haunted houses, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, such ns hunger, pride, malice, revenge-every natural phenomenon has its embodied i'jiiu prowling around lor victim*. Every man has his owu peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely see 1 sewer-gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives oi men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old matt under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity—it is not au intangible shadow or a phantom on hich you cannot lay bands, but it Is a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly that it bandies tools, and swords, and two bladed daggers just as effectively as a man : hence it is a more dangerous thing to moet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, powerless. ghost* that trouble Chris tians its Christian lands. Whatever shows itself to be a power in nature is invested with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a storm fiend that drives it—a malcreleut, malicious, destructive, hateful being. One of the Japanese ghosts is a judicious and highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water; it has horrid arms and. claws to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the mouths of wolls and asterns when be thinks of an awful water- sprit* which is waiting to drag him down. ~ Oneofthechesrialideaacommontohumamty is ♦*-«♦ of ths vampire that is, the spirit of the dMd entering Into a departed body and keening it from decay by feeding upon the bodies of the other dead, or npoa such living men or women as by their wickadnem have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed -spirit*. Children are especially liable to t heir attacks, and there is noUSTtha vampire Wees eo mnch •s the tender maat of litUe children*, henos wa place of baiiil tet ^vwnjare : upon them and sack out their life-blood and feod upon their tender ilmh. . ; . - As the ordinair, food «f the Tampwe is the body of the dead, and tha tjd- kstsfrom living \- -■* -■-* aome sa oesastoaal feasts, the ram pfcfc-ase, with mVUk it -digs ■ its way into this gvave 