STAND FAST, CRAIG- R0YST0N! CHAPTER XVin. IN-VAIN—IN-VAIM. . By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Princess of Thule," " Sabina Zembra " "The New Prince Fortunatus," &c.; One evening Mr. Courtnay Fox, the London correspondent of the Edinburgh Chroniclc, was as usual in his own room in the office in _ Fleetstreet, when a card-was brought up to him. "Show the gentleman up, said he to the boy. A. couple of seconds-thereafter Yin Harris made his appearance. "Mr. Fox ?" said he, enquiringly. The heavily built journalist did not rise to receive his visitor; he merely said— "Take a chair. . What can. I-do for yon?" "No, thanks,"said Vincent, "Idon't wish to detain you. more than a moment.' _ I only wanted to see if you could give me any information about Mr. George Bethure." "Well, that would be obly fair," said the big, ungainly man, with the small, keen blue eyes glutting behind spectacles ; •" that would te only a fair exchange, considering I remember how Mr. Bethune -came down here one night and asked for information about you." ' Vincent-looked astonished. - "AndXwas able," continued.Mr. Fox, "to give him. aU • the information he cared for— namely, that you were-the son of- a- very -rich man.' I! presume that was all he wanted to know." . Therewas something, in-the tone of this speech—a familiarity- bordering on insolence— that Vincent angrily resented ; but: he was wise enough to snow nothmg—aU his anxiety was to have news iof Maisrie. and.;her grandfather; this mail's manner didnot concern him much. "I do not ask for information about Mr. Bethune himself ; J daresay I know him as well as most do," said he with perfect calmness. "I only wish.to know where he is." - " I don't know where he is," isaid the burly correspondent, examining the stranger with his small shrewd eyes, " but I guarantee he's living on the best. Shooting stags in Scotland most likely " " They don't shoot stags in December," said Vincent. " Or careering down the Mediterranean in a yacht—gad, an auxiliary screw would come in handy for the old man," continued Mr. Fox, grinning at his own gay facetiousness, "anyhow, wherever he is, 111 bet he's enjoying himself and living on the fat of the land. Merry as a cricket—bawling awayat his Scotch songs—I suppose that was how he amused himself whenlie was in Sing Sing—perhaps he learnt it there " " I thought you would probably know where he is," said Vincent, not paying much heed to ihepe little jocosities, "if he happened to be sending in to you those articles on the Scotch ballads 1 ' "Articles on Scotch ballads !" said Mr. Fox, with a bit of a derisive laugh. _ "Yes, I know. A collation of the various versions ; a cold collation, I should say, by the time he has got done with them. Why, my dear Sir, have you never heard of Professor Childs, of Harvard College?" "I have heard of Professor Child," said -Vincent. "Well, well, well, well, what is the difference " said the ponderous correspondent, who rolled from side to side in his easy chair as if he were in a bath, and peered with his minute, twinkling eyes. "And indeed, it matters little to me what kind of rubbish is pitchforked into the Weekly. If my boss cares to do that sort of thing, for the sake of a * brither Scot,' that's his own look out. All I know is that not a scrap of the cold collation has come herfe, or has appeared in the Weekly as yet; so tnese is no clue that way to the whereabouts of your Father Christmas, your Santa Claus, your wandering Scotch Jew—if that is what you're after." "I ain sorry to have troubled you to so little purpose," said Vincent, with his hand on the door. "Stop a bit," said Mr. Fox, in his blunt and -rather impertinent fashion. " You and I might chance to be of use to each other some day. I like to know the young men in politics. If I can'do you a good turn you'll remember it; or rather you won't remember it, but I can recall it to you when I want you to dome one. Take a seat. Let's make a compact. When you are in the House you'll want the judicious little paragraph sent through the provinces now and agajn; I can manage all that for you. Then you can give me an occasional tip; you're in Grandison's confidence, people say as much as .any one can expect to be, that is ; for I believe he's capable of concealing things not' only from his right hand but from his left as well—the Great Wily One—the Artful Dodger in excelsis. Won't you take a seat?—thanks, that will be better. I want to know you. I've already made one important acquaintanceship through your friend Mr. Bethune; it was quite an event when the great George Morris condescended to visit this humble office " "George Morris?" said Vincent. "Perhaps you know him personally?" Mr. Fox said, and he went on in the most easy and affable fashion, "I may say without boasting that I am acquainted with most people—most . people of any consequence. _ It is part of my business. But George Morris, somehow, I had never met. You may imagine, then, that when he came down here to ask a few questions I was precious glad to be of such service as I could, for I said to myself that here was just the man for me. Take a great scandal, for example—they do happen sometimes, don't they, even in this virtuous land of England— very well, I go to George Morris—a hint from him, and there I am first in the field, before the old mummies of the London Press have had time to ojien their eyes and stare." Vincent had brought a chair from the side of the room, and was now seated. There was only the table, littered with telegrams and proofs between those two. " Did I understand you to sav," he asked, with his eyes fixed on this man, " that George Morris had come to you to make enquiries aJrout Mr. Bethune?" " You understood aright." "Who sent him?" demanded Vincent, abruptly, for there were strange fancies and still darker suspicions flying through his head. But Courtnay Fox smiled. "George Morris, you may have heard was not bom yesterday. His business is to get out of you what he can, and to take care you get nothing out of him. It was not likely he would _ tell me why he came making these enquiries—even if I had cared to ask, which I did not." •"You told him all you knew, of course, about Mr. Bethune ?" Vincent went on, with a certain cold austerity. "I did." " And how much more ?" "Ah, very good—very neat," the spaciouswaisted journalist exclaimed with a noisy laugh. "Very good indeed. But look here, Mr. Harris, if the great solicitor was not born yesterday, you were—in a way; and so I venture to ask you why you should take such an interest in Mr. Bethune's affairs ?" Vincent answered him without flinching. "Because, amongst other things, certain lies have been put in circulation about Mr. .Bethune, and I_ wished to know where they arose. I am beginning to guess." For an instant Mr. Courtnay Fox seemed somewhat disconcerted; but he betrayed no anger. " Come, come," said he, with an affectation of good-humour, "that is a strong word. Morris heard no lies from me, I can assure you. Why, don't we all of us know who and what old George Bethune is ? He may flourish and vapour successfully enough elsewhere; but he doesn't impose on Fleet-street; we know him too well. And don't imagine I have any dislike towards your venerable friend; not the slightest; in fact, I rather admire the jovial old mountebank. You see, he doesn't treat me to too much of his Scotch blague ; I'm not to the manner born, and he knows it. Oh, he's skilful enough in adapting himself to his surroundings—like a trout, that takes the colour of the pool he finds himself in; and when lie .gets hold of a Scotchman I am told his acting- of the rugged and manly independence of the Scot—of the Drury-lane Scot, I mean—is splendid. I. wonder lie doesn't" go and live in Scotland altogether. They take things seriously there. They might elevate him into a great position—make a great writer of him—ithey're in sore need of one or t vo ; and then everj T now and again he would step out of his cloud of metaphysics, and fall on something. That's the way the Scotchmen get hold of a subject i Jbbey don't take it up as an ordinary Christian .would: they fall on it. We once had an English poet called Milton ; but Masson fell on him, and crushed him, and didn't even leave «is an index by which to identify the remains. Old Bethune should go back to Scotland, and become the Grand Lama of Edinburgh letters ; -it would be a more dignified position than cadging about for aprecarious liying among us poor -southrons." Vincent paid but little heed to all this farrago ; he was busily thinking how certain undoubted features and circumstances of old George Bethune's life night appear when viewed through the belittling and sardonic scepticism of this man's mind; and then again, having had that hue and shape coaferred upon them, how would they look when presested to the professional judgment of such a person as Mr. George Morris? "The Scotch are the very oddest people in all the world," Mr. Fox continued, for he fleemed to enjoy his own merry tirade. "They'll clasp a stranger to their bosom, and snare their last bawbee with him, if only he qso prove to them that he, too, was born withia sight of MacGtUicuddy's Reeks " " MarfJilhcuddy's Roeks are in Ireland," paid Vincent "Well, MoeGillicuddy's Creeks—no, that s m o t g a O a tmo t won't do; they don't wear such things in the North. Any unpronounceable pUicc—any kind of puddle or barren rock; to be born within eight of that means that you own everything of honesty and manliness, and worth that's going—yes, worth is a sweet word— manly worth—it is the prerogative of persons who have secured the greatest blessing on earth, that of being born north of the Tweed. Now, why doesn't old George Bethune go away back there; and wave his tartan plaid, and and howl balderdash, and have monuments put up to him as the White- haired Bard Glen-Toddy 1 That surely would be better hawking bogus books about London and subscriptions for things that never though ne manages to do pretty welL yes, he does pretty well, one way and another. The cunning old cockroach—to that girl around with him, and get her to make eyes at tradesmen, so as to swindle them out of po'unds of tea. But at this a sudden flame seemed to go the young man's brain, and unhappily he had his stick quite close by. In an instant he was on his feet, his right hand grasping the cane, his left fixed in the coat-collar of the luckless journalist, whose inert bulk he was attempting to drag from the chair. "You vile hound!" Vincent said with set teeth, and his nostrils were dilated and his eyes afire. "I have allowed you to insult an old man, but now—now you have gone too far. Come out .of that, and I will break every bone in your body " Down fjunn the stick; but by a fortunate accident it caught on the back of the chair, and the force of the blow sent it flying in two. ; "Fer God's Baker-stop," the .qther cried—_ hut in a terrified whisper—and his face was as white as death. " What are you doing? Are you mad ? - I beg your pardon—cao-I do more ?• I beg your pardon—for God's sake have a little common sense." Vincent looked- at the man. More abject cowardice, he had never beheld than was displayed in every trembling limb of his huge carcase, in every feature of the blanched face. He flung him from him—in disdain." "Yes," said Mr.-Fox, with a desperate effortat composure, and he even tried to put his coat collar to rights, though his 1 fingers were all shaking, and himself panting and breathless. ""Sou—you may thank me—for—for having saved you. If—I had touched that bell—if I had called out—you would have .been ruined— ruined for life—a pretty story; for : to hear —about his favourite protege—increase your chances of getting into Parliament, wouldn't it? Can't you take a bit of a joke?—you're nota Scotchman !" Vincent was still standing there, with louring brow. " When you are busy with your jokesT' said he, "I would advise you to keep any friends of mine out of them—especially a girl who has no one to defend her. But I am glad I came here to-night. I begin to understand in whose foul mind arose those distortions, and misrepresentations, and lies. So it was to you George Morris came when he wanted to know about Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter ? An excellent authority! - And it was straight from you, I suppose, that George Morris went to my father with his wonderful tale " " One moment." said Courtenay Fox, and he appeared to speak with a little difficulty. Perhaps he still felt the pressure of knuckles at his. neck. " Sit down. I wish to explain. Mind you, I could make this a bad night's work for you if I chose, but I don't, for reasons that you would understand if you were a little older and had to earn your own living as I have. It is my interest to make friends " " And an elegant way you have of making them," said Vincent scornfully. " and I want to assure you that I never said anything to George Morris about Mr. Bethune that was not quite well known. Nor had I the least idea that Morris was going to your father, or that you had the least interest or concern in the matter. As for a bit of chaff about Scotland ; who would mind that ? Many a time I've had it out with Mr. Bethune himself in this very room; and do you suppose he cared?—his grandiloquent patriotism soared far away above my little Cockney jests. [So I wish you to perceive that there was no enmity in the affair, no intention to do harm, and no misrepresentation ; and when you see that you will see also that you have put yourself in the wrong, and I hope you will have the grac6 to apologize." It was a most creditable effort toescape from a humiliating position with some semblance of dignity. "Apologize for what?" said Vincent staring. "Why, for your monstrous and outrageous conduct of this evening." " I am to apologize ?" said Vincent, with his brows growing dark again. " You introduce into your scurrilous talk the name of a young lady who is known to me. You speak of her in the most insulting and gratuitous fashion— and—and I am to apologize. Yes, I do apologize. I apologize for having brought such a fool of a stick with me. I hope it will be a heavier one if I hear you make use af such language again." "Come, 2ome; threats will not serve," said Mr. Fox—but he was clearly cowed and anxious to be civiL " IH tell you what I will do for you, if you wish to know where Mr. Bethune is. I gather that he has disappeared from his usual quarters altogether, or you would not have come to me for information. Well, when he begins to send in those articles on the Scotch ballads—if he means to send them in at all, of which I am doubtful, for I've seen the way of too man}' of those projects of his—well, if he sends them in, it will not be to this office, but to the Edinburgh office. They are for the Weekly; and it is made up there. Very well, the moment one appears I will telegraph down for his address, and let you know. "I thank you," said Vincent, with formal politeness; and with an equally formal " good night" the young man took his leave. Mr. Courtnay Fox instantly hid the broken portions of the cane until he should have a chance of burning them, and, ringing the bell, called in a loud and manly voice for the latest telegrams. So Vincent was once more thrown back on his own resources. During these past few days he had sought eveiywhere for the two lost ones, and sought in vain. First of all he had made sure they had left Brighton : then he had come to London, and morning, noon, and night had visited their accustomed haunts without finding the least trace of them. He went from this restaurant to that; in the morning he walked about the parks, he called at the libraries where they were known; no sign of them could be found anywhere. And now, when he thought of Maisrie, his heart was no longer angry and reproachful; it only said, " Dearest, come back!" Nay, he grew to think it was in some wild mood of self-sacrifioe that she had resolved to go away, and had persuaded her grandfather to take her. She nad got some notion into her head that she was a degraded person; that his friends suspected her; that no future as between him and her was possible; that it was better they should see each other no more. He remembered how she had drawn up her head in maidenly pride—in indignatioD, almost; his relatives might be at peac3; they had nothing to fear from her. And here was the little brooch—with its tiny "white dove, that was to rest on her bosom, as if bringing a message of love and safety—all ready for her; but her place was empty; she had gone from him and perhaps for ever. The veiy waiters in the restaurants, when he went there alone, ventured to express a little discreet surprise, and make enquiries; he could say nothing. He had the sandalwood necklace, to be sure; and sometimes he wore it over his heart; and on the way home, through the dark thoroughfares, at times a faint touch of the perfume reached his nostrils but there was no Maisrie by his side. And then, again, a sudden, marvellous vision would come before him ; of Maisrie, her hair blown by the winds, her eyes piteous and full of tears, her eyebrows and lashes wet with the flying spray; and she would say " Kiss me, Vincent, kiss me!" as if she had already resolved to go away, and knew that this was to be a last, despairing farewell. The days passed ; and ever he continued his diligent search, for he knew-that those two had but little money, and guessed that they had not departed on any far travel, especially at this time of the year. He went down to Scotlaud, and made enquiries among the Edinburgh newspaper offices—without avail. . He advertised in several of the London daily journals ; there was no reply. He told the head-waiter at the Re^toiurant Mentavisti, that if Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter—who were well known to ali in the place—should make their appearance any evening, and if he, the head-waiter, could manage to send some one to follow them home and ascertain their address, that would mean 3 couple of sovereigns in his pocket; but the opportunity never presented itself. And meanwhile this young man, taking no care of himself, and fretting from morning till evening, and often all the sleepless night through as well, was gradually losing his colour, and becoming like the ghost of his own natural self. Christmas came. Harland Harris and Vincent went down to pass the holidays with Mrs. Ellison, at Brighton; and for the same purpose Lord Musselburgh returned to the Bedford Hotel. The four of them dined together on Christmas evening. It was not a very boisterious party, considering that the pragmatical and pedantic voice of the man of wealth was heard discoursing on such light and fanciful themes as the payment of returning officers' expenses, the equalization of the death duties, and the establishment of State-assisted intermediate schools ; but Musselburgh threw in a little jest now and again, to mitigate the ponderosity of the harrangue. Vincent was almost silent. Since coming down from London he had not said a single word to any one of them about Mr. Bethune or his granddaughter ; no doubt they would have told him —and perhaps rejoiced to tell him—that he had been betrayed. But Mrs. Ellison, sitting there, and watching more than listening, was esncerned about the looks of her boy, as she called him ; and before she left the table, she took up her glass and said— 1 " I am going to ask you two gentlemen to drink a toast—and it is the health of the coming member for Mendover. And I'm goiag to ask him to pull himself together, -and show some good spirits; for there's notliing a constituency likes so much as a merry good-humoured candidate." It was clear moonlight that night; Vin's room faced the sea. Hour after hour he sat at. the window, looking on the wide grey plain -aaid the faint blue-grey skies ; and getting nc good of either; for the far- reaching dovesof his thoughts came back to him without a twig of hope in their bill. The whole world seemed empty—and silent. He began to recall the time in which he used to think—or to fear—that some day a vast and solitary sea_ would come between Maisrie and himself; it was something he had dreamed or imagined; but this was altogether different now—this blank ignorance of where she might be was a far more terrible thine. He went over the different places he had heard her mention— Omaha, Chicago, Boston, - Toronto, Montreal, Quebec; they only seemed to make the world the wider—to remove her further away from ; him, and interpose a veil between. She had vanished like a vision; and yet it was but the other day that he had found her clinging tight to his arm, her beautiful brown hair blown- wet about her face, her eyes with love shining through her tears, her lips—when he kissed them—salt with the flying spray. And no longer — after that _ first and sudden outbucst of indignant wrath—did he accuse her of any faithlessness or treachery; rather it was himself whom he reproached. Had-he not promised, .at the very, moment when she had made her maiden con-, fession to him,'and spoken to him. as a girl speaks pnoe only in her life, had he not promised that always and always he would say to himself " Wherever Maisrie is—whereyershe may be—she loves me and is thinking of me?" This was the Mizpah set up between those two; and he had vowed his vow. What her going away might mean he could not tell; but at all events it was not permitted him to doubt —he dared not doubt—her love. As for these repeated allegations that old George Bethunew&s; nothing less than a mendicant impostor, what did that matter to him ? Even if these charges could be substantiated, how was that to affect Maisrie or himself ? No association could sully that pure souL Perhaps it was the ease that Mr. Bethune was not over-sprupulous and careful . about money matters; many otherwise excellent persons had been of like habit. The band of private enquiry agents had amongst them discovered that the old man. had allowed Vincent to pay the bill at the various restaurants they frequented. Well, that was true. Among the vague insinuations as assumptions that had been pieced together to form an indictment, here was one bit of solid fact. And what of it? Of what importance were those few trumpery shillings ? It was of little moment which paid; here was an arrangement, become a habit, that had a certain convenience. And Vincent was proud to set against that, or against any conclusions that might be drawn from that, the incident of old George Bethune's stopping the poor woman in the Park, and handing over to her all he possessed—sovereigns, shillings, and ])ence—so that he did not even leave himself the wherewithal to buy a biscuit for his midday meaL Perhaps there were more sides to George Bethune's character than were likely to occur to the imagination of Messrs. Harland Harris, Morris, and Company ? The white moon sailed slowly over to the west; the house was still; the night outside silent; but there was no peace for him at all. If only he could get to see Maisrie—for the briefest moment—that he might demand the reason of her sudden flight. Was it some overstrung sensitiveness of spirit? Did she fear that no one would understand .this carelessness of her grandfather about money matters; and that she might be suspected of complicity, of •acquiescence in certain doubtful ways? Was that the cause of her strange.sadness, her resignation, her hopelessness? Was that why she had spoken of her " degredation"—why she had declared she could never be his wife—why she had begged him piteously to go away, and leave this bygone friendship to be a memory and nothing more ? " Can you not understand, Vincent J" she had said to him in heart-breaking accents, as though she could not bringherself to the brutality of plainer speech. Well, he understood this at all events; that in whatever circumstances Maisrie Bethune may have been placed, no contamination had touched her; white as the white moonlight out there was that pure soul; he had read her eyes. The next morning Lord Musselburgh was out walking in the King's-road with the fair young widow who hoped soon to be re-transformed into wife. "That friend of yours down at Mendover," said she—"what is his name?—Gosford ?—well, he seems an unconscionable time dying. I wish he'd hurry up with his Chiltern Hundreds and put an end to himself at once. That is what is wanted for Vin—the novelty and excitement of finding himself in the House of Commons. Supposing Mr. Gosford were to resign at once, how soon could Vin be returned? There's some procedure, isn't there? The High Sheriff or somebody, issues a writ, or something?" '•I really cannot say," her companion answered blandly. " I belong to a sphere in which such violent convulsions are unknown." " At all events, Parliament will meet about the middle of February ?" she demanded. "I presume so," was the careless answer. " There's nothing else to do then—except salmon- fishing—and that's too cold." " I wish the middle of February were here now, and Vin all securely returned," said she. " I suppose that even in the case of a small borough like Mendover, one's constituents can keep one pretty busy? They will watch how you vote, won't they? and remonstrate when you go wrong; and pass resolutions,; and expect you to go down and be cross-examined. Then there are always public meetings to be addressed, and petitions to be presented, and peojile^wanting admission to the Speaker's "Why, really, Madge, there's a sort of furious activity about you this morning," said he. "You quite take one's breath away. I shouldn't be surprised to see you on a platform yourself." "It's all for Vin's sake I am so anxious,"she exclaimed. " I can see how miserable and sad the poor boy is—though he bares it so bravely —never a word to one of us, lest we should ask him if he believes in those people now. I wonder if he can. I wonder if he was so blinded that even now he will shut his eyes to their true character?" "They are quite gone away, then?" her companion asked. "Oh, yes, "she made answer. "I hope so. Indeed, I know they are. And on the whole it was opportune, just as this election was coming on; for now, if ever, Vm will have a chance of throwing off an infatuation that seemed likely to be his ruin, and of beginning that career of which we all.hope such great things." She glanced round, cautiously, and lowered her voice. "But oh, my goodness, if ever he should find out the means we took to persuade them to go, there will be the very mischief to pay ; he will tear us to pieces! "Sou know how impetuous and proud he is; and then those people have appealed to him in a curious way—their loneliness—their poverty—and their Yes, I will admit it—Certain personal qualities and characteristics. I don't deny it; any more than I would deny that the girl was extremely pretty, and the old man picturesque; and even well-mannered and dignified in his way. All the more dangerous—the pair of them. Well, now they are gone, I breathe more freely. While they were here no argument was of any avail. Vin looked into the girl's appealing face —and everything wasrefuted. And at all events we can say this to our osvn conscience—that we have done them no harm. We are not mediaeval tyrants; we have not flung the venerable patriot and the innocent maiden into a dungeon, to say nothing of breaking their bones on a ack. The venerable patriot and the innocent maiden, I have, no doubt, consider themselves remarkably weil off. And- that reminds me that Harland Harris, although he is of opinion that all property should ibe under social control" "Not all property, my dear Madge," said Lord Musselburgh, politely. Or rather he would say that aU property should be under social control—except his property." " I daresay that is the distinction. At all events it seems to me that he occasionally finds it pretty convenient to have plenty of money at his own individual command. Why, for him to denounce the accumulation of capital," she continued, with a pretty scorn, "when no one makes more ostentatious use of the power of money! Is there a smgle thing he denies himself—one single thing that is only possible to him through his being a man of great wealth ? Every luxury you can think of! I shouldn't wonder a bit if, when he dies, he leaves instructions to have the electric light tamed on into his coffin, just in case he should wake up and want to press the knob." "Come, come, Madge," said Musselburgh. " Be generous. A man cannot alway practice what he preaches. You must grant him the privilege of sighing for an ideal." " Harland Harris, sighing for an ideal," said jMrs. Ellison, with something of feminine spite, " would make a capital subject for an imaginative picture by Watts—if my dear brotherin-law weren't rather stout, and wore a black frock coat." Meanwhile Vincent returned to London, and renewed his solitary search ; it was the only thing he felt fit for; all other employments had no meaning for him, were impossible. But, as day by day passed, he became more and more convinced that they must have left London. He knew their family haunts so well, and their habits, that he was certain he must have encountered them somewhere if they were still within the great city. And here was the New Year drawing nigh when friends far separated .recalled themselves to each other's memory, -with hopes and pood wishes for the coming time. It seemed to him that he would not have felt this loneliness so much if only he had known that Maisne was in this or that definite place—in Madrid — in Venice—in Rome—or even in Eome huge steamship ploughing its way across the wide Atlantic. ... Butastartlingsurprise.was.athand. About half-past 10 on the last night of the old year a note was brought upstairs td; him by a servant. His face grew suddenly' pale when he saw the handwriting, which he instantly recognized. " Whobrought this?" he said, breathlessly. " A man, sir." " Is he waiting?"' "No, sir; he said there was no answer." " What sort of man ?" asked Vincent, with the same rapidity—and not yet daring to open the letter. " A—a common sort of man, sir." "Very well—you needn't wait." The moment that the servant had retired, Vincent tore open t'.iw envelope ; and the first thing that he noticed, with a sudden sinking of the heart; was that there was no address at the head of the letter. It ran thus—the handwriting .being a little ' tremulous here and there— " Dear Vincent—When you receive this, we shall be far away; but I have arranged that you shall get it just before the New Year, and it brings my heartfelt wishes for your happiness, as well as the good-by that I cannot 6av to you personally -now. What .1 foresaw has come to pass; and it will be better for all of ns, I think; though it is not with a very light heart that I write these few lines to you. Sometimes I -wish ibat we had never met each other and then I should' never h,ave known all your kindness to me and to my grandfather, which will always be something to look back upon; and also the companionship we had for a time, which was so pleasant—you would understand how .pleasant to me, if you had known what had gone before, and what is now likely to come after. But do not think I repine. More has been done for me than ever I can repay; and as I am the only one to whom my grandfather can look now for help and sympathy, I should be ungrateful indeed if I grudged it. "Forgive me, dear friend, if I speak so much of myself; my thoughts are far more often concerned about you than with anything that can happen to me. And I know that this step we are taking, though it may pain you for a little while, will be salutary m the end. You have a great future before you; your friends expect much of you; you owe it to yourself not to disappoint them. And after a little while you will be able to go back to the places where we used to go; and there will be nothing but friendly recollections of pleasant evenings; and I am sure nothing need ever come between us (as you feared), I mean in the way of having kind thoughts of each other, always and always; and when you marry no one will more heartily wish you every happiness and blessing than I shall. This is to be my last letter to you ; I have promised. I wish I could make it convey to you all Ithink; but you will understand, dear Vincent, that there is more in it than appears in these stiff and cold words. And another kindness I must beg of yon, dear friend, before saying good-by—and farewell—it is this, Would you try to forget a little of what I said to you that morning on the pier ? If you thought there was anything I said was a little more than a girl should haveconfessed, would you try to forget it,dear Vincent? I was rather miserable —I foresaw we should have to say good-by to each other when you would not see it, for you were always so full of courage and confidence ; and perhaps I told you more than I should have done—and you will try to forget that. I .don't want you to forget it all. dear Vincent; only what you think was said too frankly—or hurriedly—at such a moment. " And now, dearest friend, this is good-by ; and it is good-by for ever, as between you and me. I wul pray for your happiness always. " MAtSRIE. "P.S.—There was one thing Isaid to you that you promised you would not forget. "M." Was he likely to forget-it, ..or any single word she had uttered, on that wild, wind-tossed morning ? But in the meantime the immediate question—How and whence had this letter come here? For one thing, it had been brought by hand; so there was no postmark. Who, then, had been the messenger 1 How had he come to be employed? What might he not know of Maisrie's whereabouts? Was there a chance of finding a clue to Maisrie, after all, and just as the glad New Year was coming in? It was barely 11 o'clock. He went down into the hall, whipped on an overcoat and hat, and the next moment was striding away towards Mayfair. He judged, and judged rightly, that a boon companion and a poet was not likely to be early a bed on such a night. When he reached the lodging-house in the little thoroughfare of Park-street, he could hear singing going forward in the subterranean kitchen; nay, he could make out the raucous chorus— Says Wolseley, says he, To Arabi, You can fight other chaps, but you can't fight me. He rapped at the door; thelandlady's daughter answered the summons; she showed him into a room, and then went below for her father. Presently Mr. Hobson appeared—quite creditably sober, considering tne occasion. " Did you bring a note down to me to-night, Hobson?" was the young man's first question. "I did, sir." His heart leapt up joyously; his swift surmise had been correct. "And has Miss Bethune been here recently?" he asked, with the greatest eagerness. "No, no, sir," said Hobson, shaking his head. "That was given me when they was going away, and says she, ' Hobson,' says she, ' I can trust you; and there's never a word to be said about this letter—not to no one whatever ; and the night afore New Year's Day you'll take it down yourself , and leave it "for Mr. Harris.' Which I did, sir; though not waitin', as I thought there wasn't a answer; and ope there's nothmg wrong, sir." Vincent was standing in the middle of the room—not listening. " You have heard or seen nothing, then, of Mr; Bethune or of Miss Bethune since they left ?" he asked, absently. "Nothing, sir—honly that I took notice of some advertisements, sir, in the papers" " I know about those," said Vincent. So once more, as on many and many a recent occasion, his swiftly-blossoming hopes had been suddenly blighted; and there was nothing for -him but to wander idly and pensively away bade to Grosvenor-place. The New Y<-ar ound him in his own room—with Maisrie's letter before him : while, with rather a careworn look on his face he studied every line and phrase of her last message to him. But the New Year had something else in store for him besides that. He was returned, i unopposed, for the borough of Mendover. And aboutthefirst thing that hisconstitutentsheard, after the election, was that their new member proposed to pay a visit to the United States and Canada, and that at present no date had been fixed for his return. Hard on the Jury.—"Gentlemen of the Jury," said the prosecuting attorney, "this prisoner is an unmitigated scoundrel; he acknowledges it. And yet, thanks to the wisdom of the common law, he has be*n given a fair trial by a Jury of his peers." The prisoner was acquitted. Lord Justice-Clerk Braxfield was a man of few words and strong business habits. In courting his second wife his procedure was entirely illustrative of the peculiarities of his character. Calling on the l:idy, he said to her, without preliminary remark, "Lizzie, I am looking out for a wife, and I thought you just the person that would suit me. Let me have your answer, ' Yes' or ' No,' the morn, and nae mair aboot it.'" The lady the next day replied in the affirmative. Perhaps he repented his precipitancy ; for when a butler gave warning, on account of Mrs. Braxfield's scolding propensities, the Judge replied—" Lord, mon, ye've little to complain -o'; ye may be thankfu' ye're no married to her." 