THE DOCTOR'S WIFE. CHAPTER XII. " Austyn, is that you ?" The young man started violently, and gazed somewhat wildly around. " Ah ! Cherrie, I did not see you, \- and wondered whence came the familiar voice." And Wildcroft stretched his hand out towards the girl, who was seated with a book upon her knee at the foot of a stile beneath a clump of hawthorn bushes on tbe wide expanse of pasture land known as Wedderburne Common. " I have been watching you ever since you turned into the common. You have been to the Cottage, probably." " Yes, I have been to the Cottage, Cherrie, for the last time for many a long day." " Why, what do you mean ?" the girl questioned quickly, with a gleam of menace in her dark eye. " I - Mathilde, your stepmother, I mean - has - has intimated that my presence is distasteful to her, and so I have no choice in the matter," Austyn retorted vaguely. " But Mathilde is not the only occupant of the Cottage, Austyn. I have a prior claim upon your friendship, I believe. You and I were friends long before my father's second wife appeared upon the scene." " True," Wildcroft returned in an absent fashion whilst his eyes roved far afield ; " but I - I shall not have the opportunity of coming even to see you, Cherrie. I have made up my mind ; I shall go abroad forthwith." " Austyn !" - the girl sprang to her feet, and gazing with parted lips and heaving breast straight into his face, stood close beside him now - " do you mean this, or are you talking wildly on the mere impulse of the moment, without intending to carry your words into effect ?" " I seriously mean what I say. This place has become hateful to me." " Yes, but you will not leave it, nevertheless." " Cherrie !" " Austyn, believe me, I mean precisely what I say. Are you mad, or do you think me a dolt, a fool, that I should accept as gospel truth the lame lying story which satisfied all the rest ? Have you forgotten the incident of the night of the 27th ? Have you forgotten that I - I assisted you to find father's hat and coat ? Others may believe that making his way home through the hazel-grove he slipped on the grass and fell, hitting his head against a stone, and that death ensued, justifying the verdict returned by the enlightened jury of his perspicacious countrymen. The ' shocking accident ' afforded sensational gossip for one whole week at least, and for the village at large. The matter was done and over when they laid the doctor in his grave. Suspicion has so far rested on none, least of all you, who I recognise nevertheless as the murderer of the buried man! Ay, Austyn, you may start !" " Cherrie " Austyn gasped, trembling in every limb ; and as the exclamation escaped, he staggered one step backward, clutching wildly at the bushes on either side, like one who reels beneath an unexpected blow. " Cherrie, you are mad - the shock of your father's death has surely turned your brain ; yet have a care how your tongue frames such dangerous words." " The girl laughed bitterly - contemptuously. " Nay, I am not mad, Austyn, though you have done your best to turn my brain and scare my reason. Understand, no further child's play between us two ; you can no longer deceive me in any way. Even your ghastly seoret is known to me. I am oognisant that you spilt my father's blood. You were the lover of his wife moreover - albeit you endeavoured to lead more than one to suppose that - it was his daughter you sought to woo." " Cherrie, you are wrong - you are wrong ! Before heaven I swear I am no murderer. Your father me, flew upon me like a savage dog. I only defended myself, and most solemnly I declare — as l hope for peace on earth and pardon above - your father missed his footing, slipped, and fell to earth as he was found - his head coming in contact with the jagged edge of one of the stones. This is the truth, so help me heaven ! And - " " This is your story, you should rather say," sneered Cherrie, boldly. An unsubstantiated statement for whichI think you would find it difficult to obtain credence in any English court of justice, when your subsequent conduct is taken into account. Why did you array the corpse in hat and coat ? Why support the impression that the doctor had been found dead in the Grange grounds, to the amazement of all its inmates, and — pah ! why pursue the subject ? You know as well as I do what line of conduct you have recently seen fit to adopt. An innocent man would have given straightforward evidence at the coroner's inquest, he would not have perjured himself by professing ignorance of the circumstances." " Stay, Oherrie ! hear me," pleaded Austyn, desperately. " I feared to compromise your stepmother. Had I narrated facts, I must have admitted, that— that —" " Yes - yes ?" questioned Cherrie, white and breathless, as he paused. " Your father accused me of being \- the lover of Mathiide, and - " " So you were ! so you are ! I have read it in your eyes, Austyn. Not only are you a murderer, but you are - " are ? ' " Cherrie, he was wrong, and so are you. Mathilde loathes and detests me and I - " " You have sought her love ! Deny it not. Meanwhile, what of your conduct to me ?" " Ah ! you will drive me mad, girl ! I can no longer endure this torture. Recent events have half-turned my brain, and now, in addition, you torment me with suspicions of a hideous nature. I should go mad if I lingered here ! Farewell, Cherrie ; I shall leave the village this very hour - England, if possible, ere the close of another day." " You - will not !" she hissed, in a low voice close to his terrified ear. " If you do, believe me, Austyn, I shall not hesitate to reveal to the proper authorities the facts that I suspect as well as the circumstances I know. The truth must inevitably prove itself, so if all be as you say, you have little to fear. My duty at any rate is plain and - I will not shirk it for an hour." " Your stepmother ! Austyn gasped. "You would not compromise her honour, harrow her feelings, lacerate her heart by - " " What care I ?" the girl, cried, wildly. " As little, as you have cared for me ! Me, whose love you professed to seek ; me, who you have dared to kiss and caress, whilst all the time it was Mathilde, you came to White Cpttage to see. I have been your dupe, Austyn ; yon have used me , foully for your own purposes, and now — now I will be revenged !" " What, will you - ?" " I will reveal all ! Every circumstance connected with my father's death shall be thoroughly investigated ; the innocent , seldom, if ever, suffer, and without doubt Captain Wildcroft will be able to clear himself of the stigma of this horrible suspicion which for a time, at any rate, I greatly fear must attach to his honoured name. You look incredulous ! Why should I spare you ? Austyn, what are you to me ?" " Your friend, I had fondly hoped, Cherrie ; the playmate of your childhood, the companion of your youth." " Ah, but you shall not go !" she cried passionately. " Have I not said you shall not leave, me, Austyn ?. I know you, I despise you ; I have fathomed your secrets, I have read every thought of your wicked heart; yet — heaven help me, even with all your imperfections in clear view, the notion of existence apart from you is intolerable to me. If you go - to come no more \- for me the sun of life will have set forever. It cannot, shall not be ! I am still so young, so young ! I dare not look forward to a long vista of barren years of unmitigated wretohedness ; and if, Austyn," — she ended with a wild desperate cry—" if indeed you are determined to leave England, why, oh why, not take me too." Thus inconsistently, the woman acted. She threatens to hand over to the gallows the man she loves but who she says she hates. Utter selfishness was the foundation of her love ; the man might murder the doctor with impunity if he loved her. She darted forward and would have seized his hand. Her foot slipped, and she went to earth, crouching at his very feet. " Have pity, Austyn - pity, as you desire mercy at my hands and pardon above." For one long agonising moment. Austyn paused. In that terrible moment it truly seemed that he stood face to face with doom, he looked destiny in the face, sentence of his own life or death he mentally pondered and weighed. Then in a voice that was hoarse and unnatural as a raven's croak, he bent towards her, and with a desperate effort he said - " Cherrie, it shall all be as you will. If indeed I leave England, you shall go with me as my wife." Then he raised her, stooped his head and kissed her on the lips. The girl shuddered. That cold embrace seemed to chill her heart's blood. Austyn shivered slightly too, remembering whose child he had promised to take to wife - remembering how the father of his bride-to-be met his untimely death. CHAPTER XIII. It was late in the autumn of that same year that the nuptials of Austyn Wildcroft and Charlotte Cannick were celebrated unostentatiously in the little ivy-green Wedderburn church, the still recent bereavement of the bride being more than sufficient reason why this marriage should be shorn of those festivities which had hitherto marked (the dowager Lady Wildcroft remarked sententiously) the espousals of elder sons of the time- honoured name and house. After the wedding ceremony there was a simple breakfast at the White Cottage, at which only the nearest relations of the bride and bridegroom were present. Ferrars had now gone to speed the departure of the newly-married pair, and Lady Wildcroft and Mathiide sat alone in the pretty drawing-room overlooking the bare and dreary lawn. It was the first time the dowager mistress of tbe. Grange had been a guest beneath the widow's roof, and it must be confessed that Mrs. Cannick was not altogether at her ease exercising hospitality towards the high-born mother-in-law of poor Robert's child. It was whilst the two women sat together, over the fire ( for the November afternoon was chilly ), making a comfortable pretence of conversation ( for the thoughts of both strayed far afield ), that Lady Wildcroft startled her pale young hostess by suddenly observing : - " My dear Mrs. Cannick, should you - would, you object to telling me something about yourself - some facts as to your parentage, friends and connections ? The poor doctor brought you here a complete stranger to us all, and we forbore from questioning him upon the point, your gentle manner and your sweet face serving to ingratiate you with one and all of the Wedderburne folks, who welcomed you gladly enough for your husband's sake. The case now stands differently ; you will not improbably, in the fullness of time, oontract new ties, and - I confess I should like to know something about your former life." After a minute's pause, Mathilde replied (a trace of hauteur perhaps flavouring her usually dulcet tones ): " There is little enough to tell, Lady Wildcroft. My poor husband took as wife a friendless, parentless, portionless girl ; you must excuse my saying more upon this subject, it is one on which it is just now surely unnecessary to dwell." The dowager drew herself up stiffly to her full height, and responded coldly : " I can but regret having alluded to so delicate a matter - pardon me, I had no idea there was anything to conceal.". " Scarcely that," retorted Mathilde, with simple dignity, flushing slightly as she spoke. " Whilst one is guileless, blameless and innocent, there is never aught one need blush to reveal. Nevertheless, for my poor husband's sake, no less than my own, I am indisposed to gratify the transient curiosity of those who would pry into the past." " Transient curiosity !" echoed her ladyship, haughtily, rising, as she spoke. You are profuse in the application of singular expressions, Mrs. Cannick. I may now admit to you that my questions were not prompted by curiosity, but rather by tenderest interest for one to whose welfare l am by no means indifferent - who I have every reason to suppose meditated doing you the honour of asking you to become his wife. I will only supplement the statement by the expression of a fervent hope that a lady who resents any examination of her past will hesitate ere she abuses the kindness and hospitality which has been extended to her by forcing herself into a proud and honourable family, where she would be at best be unwillingly received." " A few moments later she was gone, and Mathilde fell down on her knees on the hearthrug, burying her face among the cushions of a low chair, weeping long restrained and bitter tears, sobbing indeed, as though her heart would break. " I must be the most lonely, desolate woman on God's wide earth," she moaned, albeit there was no sympathising ear at hand, no human creature to reply. " How have I sinned ? Who have I wronged, that I should be called upon to expiate by a whole lifetime of bitterness and woe the few brief y ears of tranquil joy which fell to me as Robert's wife ?" " Mathilde," cried a voice behind her, and turning, she beheld Ferrars Wildcroft standing aghast in the open doorway. " Mathilde - Mrs. Cannick, what does all this mean ?" She sprang to her feet, she drew her slight figure up to its full height, regarding him with something of a haughty expression ; involuntarily she shivered as she responded coldly - " I believed myself alone. Mr Wildcroft, forget the hysterical exhibition you have witnessed." " Forget it !" interrupted Ferrars, advancing to her side and seeking to take her band. " Do you deem me less than mortal man, that you should think it possible I can forget evidence of a sorrow which troubles me scarcely less than if it was my own ? I have loved you long ; tell me, give me only one word of hope that. in time to come, you will at least give a patient hearing to my suit !" " Never, never !" cried Mathilde, wrenching her hand violently from his fervent grasp ; you are indissolubly connected in my mind with the incidents of that fatal night ; moreover, I would never wed your mother's son. Ferrars Wildcroft," she went on with a wild hysterical laugh, " what do you know of the woman you rashly pray to become your wife ? You are ignorant of - " " All respecting you," he interrupted passionately, " save that you are the only woman I ever loved ; that you are the best, the fairest of your sex, even as you were the purest, truest wife to one to whom many a woman in the same place would have given only filial respect. If there be aught beyond that which your future husband should know, it concerns me as each and every utterance must which comes from your faultless lips. Nothing which concerns your past can be wholly indifferent to one who loves you as I do ; yet believe me -" " Hist !" she cried out imperiously. " I was Robert Cannick's wife 'tis true - beyond that my history is a blank, my very name unknown. A foundling - she who you seek as your bride ; a creature born in a city slum, a drudge, dependent on the charity of strangers, until Robert Cannick came and bore me to his home. Ask your lady-mother whether she would welcome such a daughter to her arms - ask her whether she deems me worthy to bear her own time-honoured name ! And how without one word, as value my friendship and regard. Ferrars Wildcroft, I bid you go ! I am exhausted, spent - I can bear no more. Leave me, leave me, for pity's sake !" " Your wish, Mathilde, must ever be my law," the young man responded earnestly, gazing at her with tenderest compassion ; you are wearied and over-excited today, so I will not press this matter unduly. At some future date, pray heaven it may be soon, we will speak again of what must ever be the dearest wish of my heart." And so he left her ; and Mathilde, crouching again to earth upon her knees, sobbed in very truth as though her heart must break. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Two days subsequent to Cherrie's wedding, the rector's wife chancing to encounter in the village the old cook ( Robert's former housekeeper ) from the Cottage, asked kindly after Mrs Cannick and sent her a friendly message. " Lor mum, my missus is gone off to Lunnon ; she went yesterday afternoon, leaving the address of her lawyer, somewhere in Furnival's-inn, where all communications had ought to be forwarded, I was to say," This intelligence spread like wildfire and ere the first amazement at Mrs. Canniok's singular proceedings had subsided, it was capped by news of a still more extraordinary nature. A ' business gentleman ' arrived from town, and informed all who it might concern that he was acting under orders from Mrs. Cannick's solicitors, by whom he was empowered to dispose of the White Cottage estate ; he was further desired by the widow, herself to notify generally that she had decided to take up her residence on the Continent. Well, even marvels of this nature enjoy but nine days prestige, and ere Wedderburne had wearied of discussing the affairs of Mrs. Cannick, events of interest nearer home engrossed the popular attention. To begin with, Ferrars Wildcroft left the Grange, declaring himself wearied of village life ; then the Captain brought his young bride home ; Lady Wildcroft vacated in due course and took up permanent residence at the Dower House. In stirring times like these the widow Cannick was speedily forgotten, save by the village gossips, who from time to time wondered ' what on earth has become of the doctor's widow." But echo only answered, " what ? " Three years fled all too fleetly by, yet news of Mathilde reached no Wedderburne ear ; even her stepdaughter, the proud, beautiful mistress of the Grange, had ceased to comment on the eccentric conduct of her father's widow. So the tongues of the village gossips wagged, and time stole on remorselessly. CHAPTER XIV. The London season was at its height. "Never known the town so full ! " was the stereotypical remark, as men greeted one another in club windows, or ladies reoognised each other at Howell and James's, tbe Grosvenor, or the Academy. Standing listlessly in the bow window of a certain well-known club in Piccadilly, Austyn Wildcroft gazed listlessly out, watching the ceaseless stream pf equipages rolling steadily down towards the park. " My dear boy, I envy your enthusiasm, and at your time of life, too," he exclaimed, now smiling somewhat bitterly at a grey-bearded, distinguished-looking foreigner, who, lounging at his ease in a well-cushioned elbow chair, with his hat tilted over his eyes, gazed upon the face of his younger friend, to whom he had been discoursing at some length. " Why, you must be fifty-seven, my dear count, if you are a day, and yet what a wonderful flow of animal spirits I " " Ha ! it all comes of keeping one's liver and digestive organs in good repair," retorted Count Karoliky, with the merest suspicion of a foreign accent. " Now, you'll be a perfect wreck at my age - a surly, morose, and most disagreeable fellow, yet without an actual care on earth. You're in a chronic state of brown study, which seems to me worse than soarlet fever any day ! Ha ! Ha !" The younger man laughed sarcastically. "What, would you have me raving like yourself of every new actress, and each pretty face I see ? That's your notion of an amiable weakness I believe - this iast-found prodigy at ihe Elysium to wit !" " Ah, mon Dieu !" returned the count with a deep-drawn sigh. " No, it is not a question of that sort concerning the lovely Petrea. The sight of that perfect face awoke slumbering reminiscences all too sad ! Austyn, I don't know whether I ever confessed to you that I - I was once a married man. Matrimony waa with me but one among many wild escapades of youth. I fell in love with just such a adivine young creature as this Petrea of whom I spoke, and married her, only to part from her a few months later. We were both wrong I suppose, " he continued with transient emotion ; " but the fault at any rate, was hers alone, when she gave me the slip in Paris and fled to England. I succeeded in tracing her after some months, but, alas ! only to find that she was dead ! She ieft a babe, whose entrance into life snatched her mother's away, but I - my God ! then escaped him strangely, and blanching to the very lips sprang suddenly to his feet, as though a bombshell had exploded close to his ear. " Karoliky !" Wildcroft exclaimed, " what ails you man ? You seem distraught. Have you seen a ghost ?" " No," the count returned, hoarsely. " Worse, ten thousand times worse than that ! I am seized, terrified, entranced, bewildered by an idea, yet an idea, my friend, which has on it the face of conviction - a conviction amounting to certainty. Austyn !" and here the excited foreigner seized the captain by the arm, " it is she, she - my daughter, poor Fan-fan's child ! I feel it here ! he said, striking himself violently on the breast. Fan-fan's child, none other. And I must be off forthwith ; I must make inquiries, I will not lose an hour." " Karoliky, you are bereft of reason !" expostulated Austyn. " What premisses have you to argue from and how on earth will you proceed ?" " What premisses ? From the very first I told you of the extraordinary resemblance which smote me like a blow ; and now - now it dawns upon me that in truth it must be Fan-Fan's child. I will make inquiries, I tell you. Perhaps the people who sheltered her twenty-five long years ago are still living ; from them I can learn whether the child throve and grew, and what career she has since pursued. For, I confess the truth, Austyn, I was such a scamp was in those long dead-and-gone wild days, that when I heard the mother was no more, I— I was base enough to leave the little one to its fate. What could I have done with a helpless infant - I, who had not even told my best friend I was a married man ? And so - but I must be off, my dear friend. Anon, anon, ask of me what you will." " But where shall I see you ? How, when ?" " When, where ? Why, tonight, of course. I have engaged a stage box - right-hand side - for myself at the Elysium ; meet me there at eight o'clock. I shall be quite alone, and by that time, without doubt, shall have adduced important evidence bearing on the point. Au revoir, my friend ; I may be a father ere we meet again." And so - exit the excitable foreigner, leaving only the taciturn young. Englishman with a momentary smile upon his solemn features as he reflected, on the strangely diverse experiences, which go to make up the sum total of the doubtful blessing we term Life. CHAPTER XV. " Oh, I tell you there is not the slightest doubt as to its being the right locality. Her friend, the girl who took her to the lodging and wrote to me, is still living somewhere in Hampstead. I found the memorandum I made of the address twenty-five years ago, and proceeded forthwith to the spot, to surprisingly find the same people, inhabiting it. Yes, they remembered poor Fan-Fan as a matter of course and confessed that they had kept her child and reared it as their own. In due course, however, she married - evidently above their station ; her husband died a few years later and then, it seems, they lost the clue. She came to bid them farewell before proceeding abroad, and now Petrea, hailing from across the millpond, it seems to me. But hush ! See, the curtain rises." It was the count that thus spoke. His companion, Austyn Wildcroft, sat opposite him, screened from the general gaze of the crowded Elysium by the lace curtains of the box of which the two men were sole occupants on this henceforth ever-memorable night. The piece announced was ' Adrienne Lecouvreur,' and there were those who held that the fair American rivalled the famed Bernhardt in this, her greatest impersonation, whilst others, who had for a while proclaimed Modjeska unapproachable in the role, wondered whether they they should reverse their judgement since this transatlantic star had dawned upon the London boards. The first scene of the play tonight was witnessod with ill-suppressed excitement by both our friends. When the curtain rose upon the green room of the famous Comedie Francaise, and Petrea finally made her entrance, book in hand - " There she is - there she is !" whispered the count hoarsely, laying his hand heavily upon Wildcroft's knee, as he himself bent eagerly forward towards the stage. " My God !" escaped the other's lips, an exclamation, which Karoliky just then was too utterly absorbed to note. Presently however he became oonscious of fingers pluoking at his sleeve, and turning, beheld the face of Austyn Wildcroft distorted by a ghastiy pallor, whilst bis eyes gleamed like living coals. " Tiens, mon ami ! what ails thee, friend ?" questioned the foreigner, starting to his feet. " I - I am ill, Karoliky. Get me. home at once !" And as he spoke the younger man, with a supreme, effort, staggered to his feet. A few minutes later, the two friends, seated in a four-wheeled cab, were being driven as rapidly as the crowded state of the streets and the proverbial incapacity of a London 'growler's ' hack would permit in the direction of Wildcroft's town house in Mayfair, " Tell me now what ails you, Austyn ?" questioned the count with some anxiety, leaning forward to look into his friend's face. " Hush! Do not call me by my name," the other retorted strangely. She might hear ! and then, and then, in spite of the assembled crowd, she would proclaim the fatal truth to my face. Karoliky, she might call me something too horrible, and I - I might not contradict." " Mon Dieu ! Have you taken leave of your senses ?" exclaimed the horrified count. You are raving surely. Who is she ? Is it Petrea of whom you speak ?" " Ay, surely - she's none other ; the only woman that I ever loved and Cherrie knows it. I, at least, did not deceive her. She would marry me in spite of all - the daughter of the man I slew, unintentionaliy, chose me deliberately, with full knowledge of my crime. But how she - Petrea, as you call her - Mathilde, as I know her to be, the poor dead doctor's wife - had her eye lighted upon me tonight from behind the foot-lights - she would have denounced me, ay, handed me over red-handed perchance to justice, for she was ever pitiless, despite my boundless love ! Karoliky," he whispered hoarsely, bending forward till his lips were on a level with the other's ear, " see these traces of blood upon my hands - 'twas when I lifted the heavy head, and touched the jagged blood- stained stone ! If they see them - the officers of the law before - before I can wash it off, my fate is sealed, Karoliky, I shall have no chance of escape ! Get me home ! Get me home, at once I say, that I may cleanse my fingers of the gore - the life-stream of Mathilde's husband, the man who called me ' friend. ' " Ha ! I wonder, if she knows the truth ? I must tell her - tell her every incident now - no matter at what cost !" The astounding truth flashed upon the count - Austyn was mad ! He had been gradually golng that way for some time. As he spoke he sprang to his feet, and endeavoured to precipitate himself head foremost out of the window of the cab. The terrified count had difficulty in restraining him, and on this sudden paroxysm subsiding, forthwith stopped the cab, and hailing a stalwart policeman who happened to pass, insisted on his entering the conveyance, in order to assist him in the management of the unhappy mad-man. For there could be no doubt Austyn Wildcroft's reason had suddenly given way ; the melancholia and fitful misery of past years was more than adequately acoounted for now. At last, there could be little doubt the unfortunate captain had been the victim of incipient disease. " Your master has been suddenly taken seriously ill !" explained the count to the man-servant who came hastening to the door, as the cab stopped at length in Mayfair. " Send at once for the nearest medical aid, see that your mistress is out of the way, and then show me the best way of getting him quietly upstairs !" But the feat was not accomplished as easily as Karoliky hoped ; before the three men suoceeded in bearing the obstreperous patient to a bedroom on the first floor, his shrieks and cries for Mathilde ! Mathilde ! had effectually alarmed the household, and were even distinctly audible to the occupants of the neighbouring households on either side. " Captain Wildcroft was raving mad !" The rumour spread like wild-fire, long before the doctor's brougham had arrived. Mrs. Wildcroft - fortunately, or unfortunately - was dining out, and for the present it was decided no step should be taken to summon her home to this terrible bedside. Ferrars, as it chanced, had arrived in town a few days earlier. He was located at the Bath Hotel, whither a messenger was at once despatched, and as the young man happened to be dining in a private room alone, he was found without difficulty and arrived at the scene of disaster just us the doctor's carriage rolled up to the captain's door. To Be Continued. 