WESLEYAN CHURCH, HORSHAM. In addition to the revival services, com menced the previous Sunday at the ahovc church, Harvest Thanksgiving Services were conducted last Sunday, there being good congregations on each of the three occasions. The interior of the church was decorated simply but effectively with material appro priate to the season. In front of the read ing desk were two snbstantial sheaves of corn and oats and a clump of amber-cane "grass," festoons of grapes and vine leaves running front wall to wall across theupper end of the church and other fruits peclant from several places where they could be seen to advantage. Vegetables formed a consider able part of tlhe dlisplay, and each pew was provided with decorations of flowers and greenery. The taste displayed reflected great credit on the ladies engaged in the work, among whom may be mentioned Mrs. Billinglmam, Mrs. Sinclair, Mrs. Ribbons, Miss Walker, Miss Nunn, Miss Spry, Miss Millar and Miss May, together with theirgentlemen assitantts. The morning service was con ducted by the popular minister, 11ev. R. Brown, who took for his sermon the 65 Psalm, 9th and four following verses, com mencing "Thou visitest the earth and water. est it, Thou greatly etricltest it with the river of God which is full of water ;Thou preparest them corn, when Thou hast so pro vided for it," etc. The afternon thanksgirv ings were presided over ly Mrs. Brown, the wife of the minister, whose reputation as a lecturer preceded her to Horsham, and wiose first effort here was looked forward to with pleasant anticipation. She read through the 73 Psalm and then delivered a carefully thought out and well directed dis course on the 24th verse, "Thou shalt guide mie with Thy counsel, and afterwards re ceive me to glory." Mr. E. L. Carey con ducted the evening service and his discourse which was an able and effective one, was based on- the 31st verse of the 0th chapter of the Acts of the Apostlces, " Then had the churches rest throughout all Jnudea and Galillee and Samaria, and were edified ; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comtfortof the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." An appropriate and excellently chosen collection of hymns was sung by the choir, with Miss Spry at the harmotium, through out the three services. A duct was sang by Miss Millar and Miss Nunn, and a solo "Weary gleaner, whence contest thou?" by Miss Robins. A well attended prayer mtteeting closed the day's devotions at theo end of the evcning'sservice. The collections taken 'up at:each service were on behalf of the Circuit funds. The revival meet ings; commencing at 8 p.m., will be cont. tinued' throughout this week'at the church. 