PAM BIATHIWS -ZWb^ * Yaiikee Samuel Bopniing. A SOLID SLUGGDfG MATCH. ,.Qn Satrirday; night Sam Mathows ;Lad' a; bumper house, .doubtless owing in a groat ?measure to the fact that square fightinghad. been jnsistod.upon in tho, hall, and aatho Sydney.publio liko boxing matohos when thoy. aro pn the dead level it ib a' certainty .that the. audiences will.be goodas long. as the fights are. genuine. , The Bbitsreb will always bo found roady and willing .to support .any show that is. carried out in acoordanoo ,with its advertised prpgrammo, but immediately tho '. Bchlintor ?'? olojnont is .fostoro'd.. by. the management this journal will bo found ranged in tho opposition, rants for the protection. of the publio. On Saturday night, tho programmo ,was agood one, arid it ,was carriod out in a most conscientious fashion. A pair pf little ''unsnainod . '?? . PATTEBSON AND WI0KE8 ?' ? .worp the first to. throw .thomselvo3 into. a. ?pugilistiq attitude. Pattorson know toomuoli about the gaino fpr the othor boy, and knocked (tho socks off. him in ..four rounds: It is' ^astonishing how well thia lad shapoa when ho knows'ho has a soft thing on, but ho falls :from' grace in a heap when' ho meets a good 'un-liko Griffo.' Scarcely had this couplo vanished from tho sconooro citlDCT-nTAN.AND JEM BAXpN ifillod in- the gap and oommenoed to play a ;fandarigo on each other's- carcasosj Chiddy ospeoially.doiug well, though he lookod a trifle fine 'alongside the -New -Zoalanddr. Saxon' woke up aa 'thoy-went along, and a.; real nice seieritifio Bpar waa given, both' boya being clean -and neat,- and ' pleaaing tho audience; immensely. After they hod -departed, two stalwart young men, who profossod to be fond of eaehpther, donned tile-mittens. One rejoiced; in.the namo of Clarko and tho other grow undor tho festive title of Smith. -31arke waa tall and fair, and smiling ; Smith was short and dark, and Gcowling. 'They ahook hands sadly, and each looked arourid on faces that thoy both seomqd'. to 'think .that they might nover see again, and then bang, wentthq fair fellow's fist on tho the nasa protuborance-of the dark follow ; this riled himj'andlioput.qut'his tonguo about afoot,' olinchod it'hard botwoon his teoth, arid gashoc tho air with' a right swoop, which was intended for 'the tall ohap'a ribs. Bang, biff, bang, ' wont the fair chap's left and right onnpso and mbntti, arid bro\y, and the ruddy gorb began tc circulate- in ^jotohoa. Then tho dark pno smiled an.ovil amilo, and changing his tonguo to'.the other cheek ho crouched down pri his' haunches, and cuddled his right hand aa if lie: meant to oncountor a comet. So fio'reo did ho '. appear that tho tall follow shuddered and drew back, .arid rip wonder, for the Bhort man ' lookedl liko a compressed odition of Mophis tqpliolos, Iago, and the ghost iii Hamlet all in ouepair-bf parita.' ..Fortunately tho!'dall of cernersput'off the evil hpur:for a spell..- ? ? -; 'Bound, 2.— £s -they camo up it was oyident ;that . npthing but , 'bludd' of the rodijost kind would do th'p short man. There was fire' in his . ; oye and valor. in his hoart, .but douoed little idea of fighting in his npddlo. With a railway rush: hp bpuudodover the ring and.stpppod.a crash ing ? left-hander with tho full ef his faco. Again he apod pn his wild career, ;and again he met. a gory glovp out ou.a trading expedition. Still he would npt:be denied, and boring in ho' : sot about his. man to^the tune .of ' M'Carthy's Mare,1'. and: a scene of blissful pleasure: ,eventuate.d..Fpur arms that boat as pneoleft thrpugh the air; liisa .and grunt followed^ : bump and thud; and tho lamps ahene down in :jpy.0U8 radianoe puthe two gladiators who hewed and slashed and banged inamannor. ?that would, have made Prank Clark's Comedy iCpmpany die .of .envy. At last thoy; broke away, and-tho fair fellow executed a Donuy brppk: jig and led ,withb.i6 left, but the dork 'un shet. under 'it witha;beautiful.duck,; arid his Jiead landed whore tho fair man's victuals usually f opospd, and .then— there was -peace, for ft season. : i Bound 8 arid ,4.— As tho men camo out pf the' corners it was rioticed'that tho 'dark 'un had changed Ms color, for ho was a beautiful' boiled lobstor' red with intdr30otions of dark blue. Still ;lio; waa game,1 and at tho word 'go' he went, and it Svould have required a Imicrqscopo to 'ioll which was which for -tlio romainaor of tho battlo|forthoy-f airly crawled' all over oaoh ethor in .search' of glory, and thoro was hardly a square inch on- either body betwoqn ,tho ;solo3 ,of. their . .shoes and the wrinkles pn their brows that -did not .bear' tes.tjm.ony .to tho.gonuip.onoss.of the fray. They were bosom friouds, thoro is no room to'.doubt, that. .No. two onenuos or professional fighters would havo banged each other with 8noh hearty; fervor,' aud Shakospcaro inuat' have, been looking at'a' friendly mill with the glovea whon he wroto, 'Save ino from my friends. '; I ' ROBS AND -MEBKDITH.' Young Sandy Boss is fast boccming an in stitution at the Saturday-nijjht boxing-halls, and his unflinching pluck -makes him -a groat favorite. ' Hefousfht Agor, of Melbourne, six . bitter .rounds hvst. Saturday week at Youkeo Sam's. liall, and lost Saturday night ho had a go at a liid namod Morediili for a purso.. The match was tp a finish, and from .tlio word g'p tho'lads trio'd to mako it short and sweet,, Meredith especially fighting from the jump with an amount of devil that took tho whole audienoo by storm. Ho looked like a winner' all ov.er.for the first half -dozen rounds, but Boss, who -is as game-as 'a bulldog,-, stuck to. hnn, and o^vp.utually worried him .down'.,' This is-tliormoro to bo wondered jit, as lioss aWays' looks as.soft aa a baby,'aud hiii' floah risq? anil', qnivqrs whon ho ia figliting as a girl'sdoos. whon sho is skipping. Whatiio will'be whdn; he gets roalwcllit wilTboJiard.tQ.say, It is usojoss deaoribin' tho battlo round by; round, as it was ono wiokod 8)ue from start to' finish, and. in the. .tenth rouncf Moreditli weakened ? aiidgayouptho' glipBt. No one could blariie.: him for doing so, as ho' was fought to a stand-' :BtIH. Boss was doolaraVthq'winnor.' . '?? 