TAKING TBE BLAOK VEIL. A very, interesting ceremony was performed in St; VirgiliuB Church last Wednesday,- by tho Bishop of Wilcannia, viz, the ' profession' :Of three nuns. The young ladies profossed re Jceived the white veil two yiears ago, - and hav ing completed the term ot their' noviceship mado their final tows ou Wednesday. Tbo Bl^ar was ricaiy nuurueu, uuu uuo aauuuuiujr Wore a very festivo appearance, four beautiful banners being vory conspicuous ' among the ornamontB. Tho ceremony commenced with a procession from the Convent to tho Churoh. {through -the nun's private oratory, A young lady bearing a large cross came first, thon cams six children dressed in wkito, and lastly the young ladies to be profossed, accompanied by the Her.' Mother and tho Mother- Aesia., tant. As tho procession entered tho Church' the nun's choir sang the Veni Creator Spiritus. : The Bishop, robed in full pontificals, and as sisted by Fathers Treacy and Kearney, re ceived thenovices at the altar, and having .put them , tho necessary questions, read the ' player from the' Ritual, ' May tho Lord grant you persevorance to this your holy resolution.:! and may He deign in His mercy to completo : what He has begun.' Then the no7jcos stand- ' ? ing before tbe. altar sang three times in a . solemn tone,! I will pay my vows to the Lord *-inthe sight of all his people in the courts of tho houeo of tbe Lord,' and then knoeling be fore the altar each of the three novices' re-| 'peatedthe solemn vows, thuB — ' Iu tbe namo ' ofour Lord and. Saviour Jesus Christ, and '.'under, the protection of His Immaculate ' Mother, Mary Ever Virgin, I; do vow ; end -promise to God poverty, chastity, obedlenoe, ,- andto persevere to the end of my lifo in this ( institute. Tbe Biihop then placed a crown of \- white blossoms on the hsad of each, saying, ?'Come Spouse of Christ, receive the crown which ^ the Lord has prepared for thoe in etaroitr' ; then putting the black veil on the bead of each of the nswly-profeised nuns, be ea|d, Receive the holy veil, the emblem of chastity end modesty, which ' mayest thou carry before the Judgment seat of our Lord Jesus Christ that thou mayest have life ever? -lasting.' ? A ring was then jmt on the finger ''of each; ! the - Bishop repeating the words, ??May a Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, wljo has now espoused thee, protect thee from ell danger; Beeeivo this ring of faith, the eeal of the'Holy Ghost, that thon mayest be called if .th* Spouse, of Christ ; and if thon art tfaithful be crowned- with Him for ever.' The' three ^newly professed nuns then prostrated them es elves at the foot of the altar, and for a few vfmotnsnts were covered with a pall to show that they' bad that day died to the world. \--This concluded the ceremony. The, young . munstb^Q departed from the altar, singing, i. asthsy. passed away in processional order, 11 The empire of the world and all the grandenr' of this earth I have despised for the love of our Lord Jesus Christ whom I have seen (by the light of. holy faith), whom I have -loved, ? in whom I have believed, and to whom mf . heart inolineth.' At;the end of tbe ceremony ! the Bishop preached io the large congregation | . present, taking for bis text ' Go, rfsll ' what | thon:ha*tand give. to the, poor, and thou shslt , „ have treasire in Heaven* Comei follow Me.' ? He said it was only to the few this invitation | was given. He congratulated the sistsrs that, like Mmsj in the Gospel, they (hid chosen the j ^ better part; though the Church had ever re- 1 M\ fel , gnrtfed marriogo as ft holy atnto, olio oyer 1 regarded virginity as still more holy. He cou ? gratulated the sisters of tho Hay convent on the addition to their ranks that day. Tho l three young ladio* jest p^ofossod by reason of their talents aud accomplishments would be | an acquisition to any community. .Ho was 1 plowed to soo the school in such a flourishing 1 condition, and, as a proof of the confidence tho I public had in the ability of tho sistors to im- part aeoular as well as religious instruction, | suffice it to say that 50 non-Catholic children I wero attending the convont school. 