OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FBOM OUS OWN OOBBBSFONSBNT.) March 26. Tasmania and Launceston have been very much in evidence before the criminal court this last week, and in connection with a rather notorious individual. It has been supposed that the days of Fleet wed dings and Gretna Green marriages had passed, but so far as Marvellous Melbourne is concerned this ranks aa a very decided popular delusion. With us Fitrroy is the locality specially affected by those who a- marry in baste and repent at leisure,' and the drunken Fleet parson or Gretna Green blacksmith And their representative in a local auctioneer, Nathaniel Kinsman, a self-styled *' reverend,' who has been making a pile out of a process which can best be described as marriage made easy. Two people have only to appear before him, eay they wish to be married, and with the very scantiest preliminaries they are mar ried, before they have time to say ' e'eat !' even supposing tbey wished to express themselves in this unceremonious manner. As a by no means surprising consequence scarce a month passes but this marriage manager's name crops up before the police courts in some case of desertion, assault, bigamy or other illegality to which his free and easy style of procedure has been con ducive. But a little while ago it was proved before the criminal court, in the case of an elderly man charged with bigamy, that he was quite drunk when a woman of ill-repute took him to this fetter forger and with his assistance married him off-hand, without; any reference or regard to the respectable wife of the drunken bigamist already in existence ; and this is only typical of the general style in which he has conducted a de cidedly extensive matrimonial establish ment. The matter which has brought bim into especial prominence just now was the marrying of a youth named Furness, aged 23, to a child named JeBSie Thompson, aged nearly 16, though she cer tainly did not look, as she appeared in Court, more than 13. When they first pre sented themselves as candidates for wed lock the clerical auctioneer saw the neces sity to protect himself, and therefore re quired that the child should produce her mother's consent, her father being dead. There was a short adjournment to an ad joining hotel, where the necessary consent was duly fabricated, dated ** Launceston,' I and avouched by the forged signature of j the mother, and on presenting this three or | fourhours later, the twain were pronounced one flesh with the usual, but in this case most impious, formula of — ' Whom God hath joined let no man put asunder.' After the ceremony the girl returned home, and when a few days later the matter came to tbe mother's knowledge, she concluded that the injunction as above did^ not apply to 'no woman,' and ehe straight way caused the arrest of the Hus- j band for marrying a minor. It was this which brought the right reverend Knock-me- down before the court, where he was required to explain his acceptance of the consent, and how he supposed it could be obtained from Launceston in so expedi tious a manner. But the man's ignorance and effrontery were equal to the occasion. He did not know where Launceston was ; believed it was somewhere over the water further than Geelong or tbe Heads ; had heard of Tasmania, but did not know where it was as he had never been there ; didn't know where America was but knew where Scotland was, although he had nbver been there; and much more to a like effect, which drew down upon him the withering censure of the bench— that is, would have withered anyone but the pachydermatous animal against whom it was levelled. Still even he could understand the declaration of tbe judge that he was a greater criminal than the man in the dock, who, though found guilty was discharged on his own recognisances, to come up for sentence when called upon. A second case, in which the accused was charged with bigamy (the bigamous mar riage having been celebrated by the same Mr Kinsman), fully explained why the gen tleman was so sure that Launceston was in Victoria. The prosecution tendered as evidence of the first and true marriage of the prisoner, Andrew Cunningham, a Tas manian certificate, the validity of which was challenged on the ground that it was not admissible as proof in Victoria. The | contention is that there is no Act making 1 the foreign cerificate a document which the Court must recognise, and the doubt has caused the reservation of the point for the consideration or the Full Court. En passant, let me say that if this is not making you appear to be very small pota toes and few in a hill, 1 hardly know how the feat is to be accomplished. Our very reverend clerics do not know more of Launceston than that it is uomewnere in Victoria across tbe water, and our Courts are doubtful if they can accept your certificates of marriage as evidence of the fact— and this from the city which your own sons have founded. If this doeB not exhibit the serpent tooth of base in gratitude then the phrase has lost its meaning. There was method, if but small regard for veracity, in tbe Kinsman ignor ance, because he doubtless knew that under the Act whose powers he has so flagrantly abased, tbe consent, to be valid, must be given in Victoria ; hence his perfect con viction that Launceston had crossed the Straits and dumped itself somewhere with in our borders to suit his convenience and assure his safety. Nevertheless, his cun ning has failed him and it has been decided to prosecute him for bis default just to teach him that ignorance of geography iB but a poor defence against a breach of I legality. But the whole matter strongly I shown the necessity lor federal action to secure the uniformity of our marriage laws, and prevent the possibility of such con fusion as the neglect to validate your cer tificates as evidence may produce. It would simply mean that all Tesmanian benedict? married within your borders have only to pay us a visit to become gay and eligible bachelors, and though this might suit the ' bsnedictine ' book, I doubt if it would quite meet the approval of your matronhood. Reverting to tbe Rev.(?) Kinsman, the career of this worthy shows bow in the race for riches impudence can give intelligence a distance and win, bands down, and bow in developing a novel colonial industry an unprincipled blatherskite may find bim sul on the royal road to forfune. Away in tbe fifties thia lank-haired, leather-lunged, md braza'a-cheeked pretender tu divinity 1 established himself in Moor-street, Fitrroy, as an auctioneer. Tbe week-days he dili gently devoted to the veracious practice of bis profession, and tbe Sunday to cushion thumping and groaning in the spirit as a Church of England lay reader in a stone schoolroom on Colling wood flat. After this had continued for some years he fell out with his clerical superiors, and conceived the happy, but slightly schismatic, idea of starting a church and sect of bis own. This ns did with most encouraging success, and the free Church of England prospered mightily until the sacerdotal auctioneer blossomed out into the 'Rev.' head of the new denomination, and spirituat Sastor and master of its members. As such e contrived to get himcelf registered and gazetted for the celebration of marriages, and then by reducing the rate and making his house a sort of matrimonial Cave of Aduliam, he attracted unto him all those who wished to make things move expedi tiously, and at the same time avoid the necessity for awkward questions. The rate charged was 30s, with a photograph of the eminent celebrant 'thrown in, and as he claims to have performed over 7000 marriages (far more than any orthodox clergyman in the colony) it will be seen that with no other stock-in-trade than his native impudence be has made over £10,000 out of this branch of his new trade alone. Unfortunately for him, though fortunately as I think for the public generally, tbe rosy little game is now about played out, for after the recent exposure, the scathing censure of the Bench, and the general condemnation of tbe Press, it is pretty certain that steps will be taken to deprive him of the power to work further mischief for his own aggrandisement. Melbourne is all agog just now to meet Henry George, who will deliver his first lecture in tbe Town Hall to-night. There is^ little prospect of his proselytising the Victorians with his land nationalisation, single-tax, and free trade theories, but everyone is anxious to see and hear one who has made for himself a name as an eloquent and earnest speaker, and a bold and original thinker. There is, however, a prospect that be is not to have it all his own way, as our one and only Fitz, the father of town clerks, has pre* pared to do battle with St. George and his free trade aragon, and has issued a pamphlet, ' Essence of Progress and Poverty extracted from the American of Henry George and done into and dealt with in plain English.' From what I have read ana heard of him 1 will back George as a casuist and logician, but in the mere mtti-wr oi noise ritzgibbon will nave an easy victory. Henry George has also issued a challenge to any champion of protection to meet him in friendly debate, and the Trades' Hall Council has selected Mr Trenwith to do battle on its behalf. It will be a duel of Titan end Pigmy in which the latter will have only a few well-wom phrases and hia native impudence to rely upon. ' However, the supply of the latter is practically inexhaustible, so look to hear that the protective David has made a ghost of the free trade Goliath. There is good news for the Gippslanders and the Victorians generally in the report of Mr Murray, the Government Geologist, and Mr Cosmo Newberry, analytic chemist, es to the value of the brown coal or lignite, which so largely abounds in Gippsland. Condensed, tnev say, that burned in a proper grate, and at 3 to 2, it has many advantages over A.A. coal, and that if it can be supplied at 15s per ton, it will be cheaper, and they recommend its consumption. This is heartening since tbe supply is enormous and so easy of access that when once the rails are laid it can be turned out for far less than the rate named, eo that we are not in tbe important matter of fuel able to supply ourselves. The JJaily Mail in which David Gaunson and the Irish party took snch interest is to die still-born. The encouragement re ceived has not justified them in pro ceeding, and they have decided that they may just as well save themselves the loss of their money. Mr Reed, the editor of the Standard, is to vacate his position in the course of a few weeks, to accept a more advantageous one in an adjoining colony. The ' Vag.' has been appointed secretory to the Royal Commission ap | pointed to enquire into the administration | of our charitable institutions. i 