T^tm trf ilp ilptrdp* BAPTIST. The 29th anniversary of the Flinders-street Baptist Sunday-school was celebrated on Sunday, Sept. 14, when the Rev. W. E. Rice preached in the morning, Rev. J. G. Wright in the afternoon, and Rev. S. F. Prior in the evening. There was a large attendance at the tea and public meetings held on Tuesday evening. The secretary's report showed that the number of scholars was 369, with an average attendance of 205. The school was in a prosperous condition ; the library contained 457 volumes. The treasurer's statement showed a balance in hand of £3 16s. 8d. CONGREGATIONAL. Anniversary services in connection with the Welsh Sunday-school at Wallaroo were celebrated on Sept. 7 and 8. On the former day the Rev. J.B. Stephenson conducted the morning, the Rev. W. Thompson the afternoon, and the Rev. J. Lloyd (the pastor) the evening services. At the public meeting held on Monday addresses were given by the following gentlemen :— Mr. W. Phillips (superintendent), Revs. T. Wood, W. Thompson, A. Hodge and T. Lloyd. The secretary's report showed 120 on the roll, with an average attendance of 80, with 429 books in library, and £25 5s. 8d. cash in hand. Anniversary sermons in connection with the Medindie Congregational Sunday-school were preached to good congregations on Sunday, Sept. 14, the Rev. G. Williams occupying the pulpit in the morning, while the Rev. H. Gilmore officiated in the afternoon, and Rev. S. Lenton in the evening. On Monday evening the tea was attended by 300 people. The public meeting was presided over by Rev. S. Lenton. The report Bhowed that there were 190 scholars on the roll, with an average attendance of 133. The financial position of the school was very good. During the evening a magic lantern exhibition was given, which the children much enjoyed. WESLEYAN. On Sunday, Sept 7th, the Kadina Wesleyan Sunday school celebrated their anniversary. The Revs. E. Gratton and J. B. Stephenson conducted the services. At the public meeting a very encouraging report and balance-sheet was read. The total number of scholars and teachers was 220. MISCELLANEOUS • Mr. Henry Varley conducted special services in Kapunda, at the Baptist Church, Aug; 26 to 29. Owing to inclement weather, the meetings were not largely attended at first, but the interest deepened day by day and culminated on Friday evening, when about 250 men and youths attended the lecture to men. To those who have been privileged to hear Mr. Yarley it is unnecessary to say that the addresses were marked by a profound knowledge of Scripture and were attended by the power of the Holy Ghost. They wdre greatly blessed to the christian portion of the audiences. So deep was the impression created by the lecture to men, that Mr. Varley in response to the solicitation of some of the friends returned to Kapunda, and preached three times on Sunday, 14th instant. These services were seasons of great power. The morning address on " Rewards according to Work," was one of the meat searching, humbling timeB that the writer ever experienced. In the afternoon " The Atonement" was the theme, and in the evening " Jesus Christ the only way to God." There were some cases of confession of Christ, but the friends expect to go on reaping for a long time to come. The F.M.C.A. Rooms at Broken Hill were formaly opened on Wednesday evening, Sept. 10. They have been fitted up for the use of members and others. The nucleus of a library has been formed, the Mayor and others kindly having given books, papers, etc. One penny will be the sum of admission. The board of management of the Adelaide Y.M.C.A. met on Sept. 12, the president (Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P.) presiding over a good attendance. The secretary, J. Virgo, reported on the work of the month, and receipt of £5 anonymously, and £3 from friends. Dr. H. Taylor, of the China Inland Mission, would be visiting Adelaide in October, and would be the guest of the Association. Eight applications for membership were accepted. On September 6, Mr. Coad commenced his mission at Eadina, when he delivered a temperance lecture in the Town Hall to a good audience. With his usual eloquence and power, he dealt with the subject, and all who heard him thoroughly enjoyed it. On the Sunday following, he preached in the same building to another large gathering in the morning, and again at Moonta in the afternoon and evening; at the latter service about fifteen persons stayed to the after meeting. On the four following days, Mr fCoad lectured each evening, taking as his subjects, ' Cornishmen and their Characteristics,'' Billy Bray,' etc. All round it may be said that Mr. Coad's visit was a great success. Dr. Hudson Taylor, the director of the China Inland Mission, is at present paying a visit to Australia, and will arrive in this colony early in October, when he will be the guest of the Young Men's Christian Association. Dr. Taylor will address a number of meetings in this colony, and will give some account of China and its people and the work done by the mission with which he is identifiedd. We understand that the T.M.C.A. is raising funds with a view to send an agent from this colony to work under Dr. Taylor. 