WAKING DREAMS AND OTHEke' ILLUSIONS. ' ScIENCn ha1s de mch0tr to si10ov.iiat tihe c old belief in apparitions rested on ioiling t more thtin illusive fancies, often reiulting L from physical der:ugemlntit, ndl -rwe- Im y depend j mpon i, tihitt the sx;itn:ltion if a many illusions tint once w'ere: msteries. , is to be found in a study of the phIysiol:'gy 1 of the nerves and of the mind. To L1 tlhoroughilv elucidlate the subject of. these ' illusion's itiJn:u a lriif ftpaee, we uti~ hegiri t Lv selecting one or two illstiiiti6ns of illusive vision, such as have been recorded i for instruction and edification in the pages of the plhysiologist. One ofthbebest known i cases-- derivingitsinterestfromtlhefacttltat t thesubject of thleisitationsin qestion hin- i self narrates the facts-is that of .icolai, a well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, t wlioreSid-in-`i icca-init of lii ii~-elif'ioi tlis" Berlin Academyof Sciences. We shall give the account in his own words. "During 1 tihe few latter months of the year 17910." t plays -Nicolni; '" I-hadl experienced-several - melancholy incidents, which deeplyaffected c ime, particularly it Selitdnther, from which i time I sufferedl an almost uninterruipted series of misfortunes, hllnt affected me with t thie most ioigtntnt grief. I was accustomed to le bled twice i year, and this had been t done once on the 9th of July, but was I omitted to be repeated at the end of the m year 170. . . I hald, in January and 'elbrary of the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely t niplle satnt circumstances, which were < followed on the 24th of February by a most violeet altercation. My wife and anotller 1 person canid into my apartment in tile moreing in order to console me; but h i was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most, power- 1 fully afifected my moral feeling, to t be capable of attending to them. On a sudden; I perceived at about the'distance of 1 ten steps, a form like that of a deceased 1 person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It was but natural 1 that she slhoild not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more.calm, and being ex tremely exhausted, fell into a restisss sleep, which lasted about half-an-hour. Thephy sician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more minute description. "At four in the afternoon, the form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. I 1 was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form. which; how- 1 ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. 1 About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first. After the first day, the form I of tile deceased person no more appeared, I but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I knew were composed of living I and deceased persons, but the numlber of the latter was comparatively small. . When I shnt mnl eyes these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though tllere I were instances when I beheld them with my eyes closedt; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally returned when I opened myereycs. They all appeared I to me in their natural size, and as distinct I as if alive, exhibiting different shades of I carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dresses, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature; none of I the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disguasting, most of them being s of an indifferent slhaie, and sonme present- 1 ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me. the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after they had tirst appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more frequently they addressed their discourse to me; their speeches being uncommonly short and never r of an unnpleasant turn. At different times I there appleared to me both lear and sensible 1 friends of both sexes, whose addresses I tended to appease my grief, which hald not 1 yet wholly subsided; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed to me when I was alone. Sometimes, however, I was accosted by these consoling friends while I wvas eingaged in complany. anti not uinfrequently while real plersolls were spleak ing to me. 'The consolit ory addresses con sisted sometimes of nbitrltit lphrases, and at other times they were regularly executed."' Such was "Nicolti's account of the lphantom-visitors who addressed and con soled him in his domestic allicti.l. It is interesting to pursue still further his account of their disaplearance. The reader will recollect that icolai lihad neglected to repeat at the end of 1700' the blood-letting in which it was customary in tile days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches should lie used, and on April 2)0. 1701, at eleven o'clock in the morning, Nicolai informs us the operation was performed. " No person," lie continues, " was with me besides the surgeon, but during tihe operation my clhamber was crowded,with human visions of all descriptions. This continued unin terrunltedll till about half an hour after four o'clock, just when my digestion cotm menced. I then perceived that they began to move more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white. ult they lnoved very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in number, as ihad generally been tile case. They now seemed to dissolve in the air. while fragmientspf some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room waits entirely cleared of my fantalstic visitors. Since that time," iadds Nicohli. " I have felt twice or three times a sensation as if they were going to relappear, without, Ihowever, actually seeing :utythintg. The s:tne sentsation surprised tue just before I drew np this account while I was examiining some patpers relative to these lphenomena, which I lhad drawn uip in the year 1701." Such is a historical account of what may aplplar to thei senses of it sane anldl reason able indivildual. Before entering oni their scientilic exltanatlion, it will bIe uadlvis:lle to give onse tr two further exailtmles of the letinolmnt ill qniestion. On the occasion of the tire which destroyed part of the L'rstal l'tlace ill thie winter of 18(i-7, pIart ofi tilhe menagerie lald tlIeen sacriliced to the liantes. The ehittpanzee, however, was bh'lievedl to lhave escapedl from his cnge andl was presently seiin on thle roof elltleavour ing to save Ihimself by clutcingti in wili dtespair one of the iron letms which ltle fire ltd sparedl. The struggles of the animal were wiatLched will an intense curio.ity, ningledl witl lorror and sym pl'lhy for tihe sullosed fate whliclL awatted thle unforltunatle inonkey. tWhat was thle surprise of the iliectallrs of in imminent tragedy to ind tthat the object wlicll in the guise of a tcerrilied ailte Ihad excited their fears, rtesolved itself into a piece of canvas blind, so tatteredi, that to the.eye of thie imagination, and whet nlovedtl by the wind, it prersentedt tihe exact counterpart of a s ruigglng 'nimall! Sucht an examp1le is of especial interest, Iectusei iit ptroves to us tthat inot one person alone, but a large nuimber of slpectators, may be deceived btly an object imperfectly seetn, and tided in tile illusiosl by a vivihl imagination, into fancying till the details cf a spictacle of whichl tile chief aictor Is entirely ai myth. A siingulur ense has been given on strict imedical nullthority of a lady, who, walkint 1 fronm Il'enrliyn to Ftalmoutht-her tmind being I occupied witll tle subject of drinking fttuntainis--wvts certain sle sawv in tile road r I tnewly-erected fountain, bearing the in scription. "If itny man thirst, let him come Sunto nle antl drink." As amatter of course sIe mientioned her interest in seeing such 1 ln erection to the ldaighters of the gentle \- man wlvo was supposedi to have lilacedl the Sfountain in its 'osition. Tlhey assured her .tllat no snth folllntin icas 'iin existence; t bIut convinced of the reality of hier suenses on the groundl that "'seeing is believing," i she repaliredl to the s?ot wheree she hadl seen the fotlntain, only to find, however, a few Sscattered stones in place of the expected i erection. t he may now turn to consider the i scientilic explanation of suchl curious uphentomena iln human existetncee. Tlhe Scauses of these illusions aire inot diflEcult to I unlerstandl, since they in reality dependil I upon a slight derangetent of thie powers Swherleby we see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. Tomakeotrm. eaninm , rlar, let its briefly , nsider what takles p!ace in ordinarysensatton,iwl~ n weaee.'or !lear th objiects andl sounds of er'y'-da?i exi-tence. The eve alighting on an object transfers an impnresion f thatobject to tile brain through the special (optic) nerve-of v si ht, which lenad" from' the eye to the'plirt 0 of the brain exercising tilseene of sight. c We in reality do not see with the eye. i1 That organ is merely. an arrangement of a lenses adaptel.to receive, focus, and other-. f wise adljust rays of light streaming front 'h the'objects we see.. ,The funcetion of the n eye is simply that of indjustihg and correlat- e ing the conditions necessary for the iro- d duction of an impression. This impression t is carried in due course to a special part of a the brain, where it becomes transformed a into a special sensation--tlat of sight. We s thus truly see not with the eye, but with I the brain', or rather with tfatyortion of the n braifrf irrch- r1 in-sfiredidfitieir tferP The m nerres of sqight. The eye represents the l lenses of the photographer's camera; but a the brain corresponds to the sensitive plate which receives the- image of-the sitterr-rnd I on which all subsequent alterations of tile image are effected. Of the other senses, tile f same prominent feature may also Ie ex- f pressed-namely, that in tile brain and not 5 in the mere organ of sense must be allocated I the truite seat of knowledge. The ear modi ties waves of sound; but it is the brain I which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts c upon the information conveyed by the I Organ of bearing. The finger touches an object; but the seat of knowledge does not I exist at the extremity of the hand. The a impression of touch is duly conveyed to the' brain as before, there to be analysed, com mented upon, and if necessary, acted upon - as well. On the appreciation of tie simple fact t that the brain is the true seat of the senses, I rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend t the footsteps and meet the eyes of I humanity. When we are conscious of look ing at a real object, a sensation of sight is a fonmed in the brain, as we have seen 1I Such a sensation we cAll an "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we hear a tune played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound I is then called "subjective." But there are 1 many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations. 1 sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day-dreamercan some times bring the scenes in which he has once taken part so vividly before his mental I gaze, that his reverie may actuallyhe broken I by the words which unconsciously flow ( from his lips as his imagination starts into bodily action.. Such a power of fancy and 1 imagination is the beginning or faint imnita tion of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the 1 forms and scenes which have once been I objectively present with us. In the dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproduc- I ing, or it may be piecing together from the 1 odds and ends of its fancy to form the I ludicrous combinations we are familiar - with in the "land of Nod." And if we carry the idea of this same power being l exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts of science, the explanation of the otherwise curious and mysterious sub- t ject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain has the ordi nary powaer of forming images which may be ( projected outwards in the form of the i fancies of every-day life. But these pro- I jected fancies may grow into plain and I apparent sensations or images under the I requisite conditions. When we hear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and 1 scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in such a case is an internal or sub- a jective one. When we see flashes of light i which have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to le gazing, t we explain their occurrence in the same t way. Now, on such a basis, tihe ghosts of I science are both raised and laid. Thel images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the 1 sparks or flashes of light, are subjective I sensations. They arise, in- other words, from sonic irritation of that part of the brain, which would have received the im- I pressions of sight had the objects in ques tion had an actual existence. But the r subject also involves a reference to bodily 1 condition and tomemoryitself. Primarily, I it will be found that illusive visions appear only when tile health of the subjet of these visitatinns is.in a eesiakly state. The de raingement of the health is the primary cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that mniany of the phantasms of Nicolai were persons whom hlie knw. Such elvisions then ismay be supposed to simply represent the effects of very recent in?ages which had been received and storedl in the linun, and which were evolved by the exercise of un conscious memory. Of the deceasied persons whose images appeared to lim, the same remark may be made--memory again e- 1 producing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead' friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were images or conceptions of persons whomt Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whoml lie could not remember; miios terious reproductions, by the brain, of events which had been i?mpressed thereon, but which had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even tile characters whom Nicolai may have simply heard described, could be thus produced, and present apparently the images of persons with whlom he was not, as a matter of con scions memory, familiar. Tile brain, in other words, registers and renemlbers more th tu memory can evolve; and it is reason a le to conceive that forgotten images of things or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicolais waking dreamus, It is noteworthy that only after a long period of visitation from his fantastic Iriends did Nicolai begin to hear thlei speak. Thus, the sense of hlearing had ailso come in time to lendl its aid in propa gating the illusions; anl tlhe fact that tile vis:ons addressed Nicolai concerninlg his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs andt sorrows, clearly slhows tile un conscious action of a iiinnd which was ,brooding over its own trials, and whlichll was evolving from withinl itself tile com fort and consolation of kindly friends. Last of all, that thle material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of their host is prored by their dis llappearlmnce on tile resumpolltionl of tihe custo mary bloodl-letting and tlhe improvement of the lhealthi-an additional fact shlowing tile relaltion of tile healthy body to tile sound inind. All such illusive visions are thus readily expdlinhed as tihe creatures of an imagina tion which, tlhrough some. bralin disturll ance, is ellinabled to project its visions forward on thile seats of sense, as the "ringing" in our ears is produced Iy some irritation of tle hearing-centre. of the brain. Tle known vision is a reprodic tion of the present memory, and tile un known vision is the reproduction of-.a forgotten ligure which has nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of tile memory-chlamber. Science miay thus-as we have before had freqiuent occasion to assure our readers -dispel the illusion by its free explana tion; and science has no higher function or nobler use than wheni, by its aid, a subiject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious and brought within tle sphere of ordinary knowledge. 