TETE A TETE. dims may wo boo liow tlio World wags— As Km Like It Right glad am I to soo that all the mani fold difficulties in tho way of arranging for a Joint Control over tho Fitzroy Bridgo have beon surmounted. For tho past two yoars the attitude towards oaoh othor of tho various local governing bodies in connection with tho regulation of the traffic ovor the structure, nnd tho main tenance of it in a stato of effioiont soourity to boar all tho strain likely to be put on it, has boon that of oat and dog. What the one desired tho othor nogatived, and so from moutli to mouth this wout on. Now tho whole matter of tho eatisfaotory regulation of tho traifio aoross tho Bridge rested upon this ono oondition, that thoro should bo unanimity of action between tho thrco bodies — tho Rookbnmpton Munioipal Cniuoil, tlio North Bockliampton Council, aud tho Divisional Beard. Division amongst thom moant chaos ; union, on tho other hand, oosmos or order ; but until within the past fow wcoks thoro has boon as much ohanco of agrooraont among tliom as thoro would bo botwoon a cat and a dog shut up in a box. Tho Divisional Board insisted thoy were oxompt from ail responsibility in the matter, while tho othor local govorning bodies woro on tlioir sido as porsistout in affirming tho previous question. At last tlio spirit of mutual compromiso and concossion camo to tho rasouo of , tho pnrtios in this com plete deadlook, with the result thnt unqpimity was established, nnd a Joint Authority or Board of Control forinod. On Wodnosdny the first mootiug was held. Peaoo and harmony roignod supremo, not withstanding former differences, and although tlio eloquont Beak and tho melli fluous Ewart came face to faco with tho argu mentative Nobbs and tho dialectical Face, tho meeting met, sat, and parted without tho shadow of a quarrel. Alas, alas t wo are living in very chnngod timos. Shades of tho immortal Macareo 1 That any mooting should havo beon allowed to piss by so quietly as this. Ichabod 1 Icbnbod I his glory has doparted. Can nnyono tell me why tho Port Alma ques tion is like ail "over-ripe" oyster P Con sidering. of course, gentle reader, that you give up the conundrum, I unfold tlio signifi cant response to tho query, " Uoeauso it has gone stale." Such was the startling riddlo that was propounded to me tho other day. I can't say I havo quite recovered yot from the severe shock to ouo's system oonsequcnt on receiving tho nnsivor aforesaid, but tho affair certainly shows how the popular mind is regarding those matters. A few months ago to say a word against tlio Port Alma lino was next door to committing tho sin against tho Holy Ghost; but timos are changed now, nnd of a very truth tho poor old sehomo is becoming so discredited that, 111 tho words of Shakespoaro, thoro aro nono so poor as to do it reverence, save our anoiont moth-oatou contemporary, whoso practice is as nntidi- luvinn ns its principles. Broadmount is tho scheme for Rookhamoton, dospito tho efforts of our harbormaster and others to belittlo its claims. But tho tide of popular fooling is more than sufficient to sweep aside all such pottifogging objections, and month by month the expression of the public testimony in favor of the latter is beoomiug more pro nounced. Tho Ministry tliomselve3 havo do- clarod that" serious financial difficulties — viz., as to C03t of construction —aro in tho way of Port Alma boing soleoted, and now that this big Moat Export and Agonoy Com pany, wliioh has been startsd in Bris bane, ia going to absorb the Lakes Creek Works', it is noirly a moral certainty that tho Broadmount lino will bo tho chosen ono. Tho fact that M'llwraith, Griffith,' and Morolioad aro all on - tho directorate speaks volumes ! Tho North Rockliarapton Council at tlioir last mooting on Thursd >y was to have doalt with tho questiou of rivor frontagos for wharves on tho North sido of tho Fitzroy. The resolution was to have boon sont to both tho Hon. W. Pattison and to Mr. Roes R. Jon os, soliciting thoir assistance in tho matter. But both gentlemen woro in Sydney at tho timo, aud havo only just roturnod, so that the consideration of the matter by the Council is deferred until tlio reply is received from them. I am inclined to think Alder man Meachnm is right upon this matter, although at first I thought the proposal was a ckimorionl one. Undoubtedly ft largo amount of trado will yot pass through North Rookhamptou from Yoppoou and district, and it is only fair that wharvos should be provided to meet this influx. Thoto ia no reason why all tho wharfage accommodation Bhould bo located 011 tho south bank of tlio rivor, sooing that a groat body of trade, both export and import, comes to nnd from tho north sido. I Binoerely hopo tho North Rook hamptou Council will bo suoceBsful iu their efforts'. Oh, that weary ferry quostion! God grant the bridgo may noon be repaired, nnd let ns see the end of this perpetual growl from nil and sundry about the muddle into which tho managemont of tho ferry has been thrown. Alas, there iB reason for it. That man must bo nothing short of a nineteenth century Job, who would not do a grumble when bis goods are kept standing oa tho rivor bank from morn to dewy ovo. Moses was said to be a very meek man, but I will stake my bottom dollar that he would have made tho atmosplioro of tho Sinaitic peninsula sulphurous with Hebrew blasphemy if ho had been kept tarrying on the shores of tho Red Soa for auoh a longth of timo wlion old Pharoah was coming thuudoriug along with his chariots and horsemen to ro-eapturo his runaways. Woll might Mayor Thompson stylo tho arrangement a voritablo white olephant to the Council. Lot thom lonsc tho ferry and shift "his olophantship " on to tho shoulders of somebody clso, ivhoean look decently after tho business. » The letter Mr. G, S. Curtis published in tho llookhampton papers on Friday morning desorves very careful attention on the part of all earnest Separationists. The facts recorded therein are sufficiently startliug to givo tho most parti il philo-Brisbanite pause when wo consider with respect to tho proBont lioavy doficit for 1890 of 8402,857, that only somothing liko 813, 3GS of tho sum can he laid to the chargo of tho Contral Distriot. Yot wo have to bear tbo burden of a much heavier proportion than this. Mr. Curtis' letter ought to bo scattered broadcast over the oountry, aB it doals with the rovouuo question in an ablo manner. Such sentences' as these deserve to bo laid to heart by overy one of us:— "Under tlio head of Customs, I find that tho South shows a deficiouoy of 8167,229 5s 3d, nnd tlio North .887,180 19s lid, while tho Contral Division shows only jB13,3GS 13s G'l, so that tho South nnd tho North combined, under tho bend of Customs, alone aro responsible for no Icbs than 8244, 3G0 5s 2il. Under tho bond of Rail ways, it was rocontly notified that the Southern and Western lines sliowod a dccreaso of 88500, but nothing ' win snid about tbe other Southorn lines. I notice tlio total deficiency for all railways iu the Southern Division ia .817,291 G3 id, and tho Northern linos show a deficiency of nearly 813,000. Tho Central Railway, in marked contrast, shows a surplus of 821,000. Add tho Northorn and Southorn Customs defi ciencies to thoir Railway deficiencies, and wo havo tho sum of 827't,Gll. If wo doduot from the Southern Customs receipts this year the amount duo to Rookhampton and Contral Queensland for dutios paid in Brisbano on goods, consumed in tbo Contral Division, which were osttmntod Inst year as at least 8100|000, this wott'd swell tho Southorn dofioionoy to 8257,000 odd undor tho hoad of Customs alone." # # Thoro ia an oxeallont aphorism in Sorip- turo, to whiok I would invite the attention of the scribes on our contemporary — "Un- Btablo, as wator thou slialt notoxooi." Did it ovor Btriko thoso gontleinon that tliey aro " playing it vory low " upon tho Separation movomont by striving to run with tho hare nnd hunt with tho hounds. Sny what they ploosc, their sub-leader Inst Wednesday was aB flagrant nn instnneo of "trimming" as it has oror beon my fortuno to witness. Apparently tho r6lo of Mr. Fiioing-both-AVays comes peculiarly natural to thom if wo may aeoopt tho ovidenco ot their own notions. Many queer stories are flying about with regard to tho journal in question, nnd while tlio man who would givo crodcnnu to nino- tonths of thou is unworthy tlio name of man, still there must bo n certain substratum of truth underlying thn matter to provoke such remarks. Granted, if Brisbano in- fiuenco is so strong that Rockhampton in terests muBtgivo way, thnt our contemporary may not bo a frco ngont iu tho matter, but tlio Lord have nioroy on tlio man who 1b bound to the chariot wbocls of Briabano so that tboir yoa must bo his yon, and tlioir nay his nay I # # Tho District Court Bill has beon intro duced by tho Hon. C. Powers, and is littlo olso than an rcchauffi of tho Lognl Roforin Bill iutroduood by that gontloman last yoar. Tho mess which Mr. Powers mado of tho latter seoms reproduced in tho presont one. As Sir Samuol Griffith said, tho expodicnt to appoint addi tional District Court JudgeB to over take tbo acoum ulation of work was n clumsy 0110, and ho considered it much preferable to introduoo tlio reforms in some less oxponsivo manner, so that tho terrible cost of litigntion would bo lessonod, nnd the poor man placed on an equal platform with the rich. Cortninly, the Bill is far from being a success, nnd unloss it is materially improved when passing through o»mmittoo, tlio Inst stato of logal procodnro In our colony is not -likely to be much better than tho first. # « . A more uninteresting debate than that on Foderation in tho Assembly it would bo difficult to imngiuo. Tlio mover of tlio resolutions, tbo Hon. B. D. Morohoad, scorned to consider them as only worthy of themost porfunctory notice nnd attention, whilo the speeohos of Sir Thomas M'llwraitlrnnd Sir Samuel Griffith wore by 110 menus up to the mark, Tlioy dealt with the question m a most restricted and narrow m minor, neglect ing to look at tho broad aspect of tlio caso, but contenting themselves with picking nnd hewing away at the most insignificant details in conucotion with tlio great, subject. Queensland lias followed tbe example of Victoria, and has considered the matter not as a great principle nt stake, but as a mere means to an ond — that ond boing tho unifica tion of Australia. But £ adoration doseivos to be oonsidorcd in itself, viz., as to what it implies, and what aro tho best methods to attain it— phases of tho theme whiob havo been carefully affirmed in Now South AVulos, but in no other colony of the group. # .. To anyone who lias a heart tho facts which wore published in the Daily Northern Argus on Thursday licndod " A pitiful case," will awaken a responsive thrill of sympathy. Unless Gavornniont tako'up tlio. matter, and that immediately, they aro unworthy of tho namo of mon. Tho facts are ns follows, as givon by our worthy contemporary, tho Jiundaberg Siar : — A vory intelligent and typical kanaka — a. man who has boon a faithful servant to his employer (an insolvent sawmillor), while in his employ, and ongaged in tho duty for whioli he was hired, sustained a bad fracture of tho thigh bono. At the time of the nccidont he was in the act of loading a punt with log timbor at Bnffie Creek, on Mr. G. Sky ring's land, and wliilo placing one log on the punt another log from behind broke away and on mo down tho Bkida. smashing tho leg of Bob, the kanaka referred to. Ho was takon to tho Hospital, and tbo fraoturod limb sot in tho usual manner by tho surgeon, but no union of tho bono resulted. Thoro was a terriblo wound from which the bono pro- trudoJ ; it hoalod up all right, but tho bone failed to unite, consequently tho kanaka, othorwiso healthy, is a hopeless, helpless eripplo for life. There wore several pounds duo to him as wages when ho met with thiB misfortuno, which he cannot recover oiviug the inaolvoAcy, aud there is a con siderable balance due to tlio institution for his maintenance nnd modical treatment during tho nine and a-lialf months ho lias beon confined in tho institution. Wo under stand tho committee nro about to bring the matter undor tho notice of tho Govorninont with tho objoot of recouping tho institution from tho Polynesian Fund. It appears to us to bo a caso that should commend itsolf strongly to relief therefrom, so that tho poor fellow (who has a father alive at his island liouie of Mya) should bo tendorly returned thither. # # The following facts will bo read with interest when I mention that tlio Sub- collector referred to is a gontloman well- known iu Rockhampton, who, a fow months ago was transferred from our midit to-Thura- day Island, I extract them from tho Torres Straits Pilot, whoso account runs in tho following racy and original tortus : A couple of gentlomen caBually strolled into thoshop of Tong Sin Wnb, and there beheld the first and only full blooded colostial - born in our midst, . Tho appoaranco of tho throe months old son of Confuoius brought forth tbe query, addressed to the father, has he paid the poll-tax yot ? Tho much joyful parent shook his lioad in dissent, smiling benignly all the whilo. Noxt day one of tho two gentlemen was a guost at tho dinnor tablo of our local Sub-collector of Customs-, and a _ happy thought Unshod through his mind. In his ubunl placid nnd smilo-less manner, he remnrkod to his host, " I understand n young Chiuamnn is ou the Island who has arrived without paying tho poll-tax. Aro you awaro of it ? " Tho host's eyes flashed, and tho (ire of enthusiasm lit up his olioeks as he respondod : " There now I I havo always be lieved that tho Chinoso wore landing iu our midst without dotoction. I was quito suae of it. I have contendod so nil along ; and will certainly ferret tho fellow out." Ho ovidontly felt galled to roalisa that it should bo loft to an outsider to disoovor tlio imposition, nnd waxed warm 011 the subjoot. At 9 o'clouk punctually next morning, it is reported, tho Sub-oollcotor was at tho Go vorn- mont Resident's offlco, seeking ndvico and tlio assistance of tho police to detect tho illognlly- lnndud Chinese. Tho Hon. John, however, could not bring himself to roalisa that tho report was true, so tho Sub-Collector set out to inquire for himself. Wo know not how many anxious hours and sleepless nights ho pnsseel before his mind was set at rest by lonrning tlio Chinoso arrival could hardly bo doomed an ovadar of the law, since ho arrived not from a foreign lnnd by Bteauior or sailing vossol ;' but wo learn that ho diligently soarohed and inquired amongst all tho Chinoso residents for this supposed impostor nnd has now quito recovered from the splendid joko played upon his official enthusiasm, and can enjoy the laugh as heartily ns the perpetrator. # # » A certain English literary mail has taken it into his head to mako up tlio statistics of fiokion onoe a year. The roBults of his rcsoarohos into last year's novels are ontor- tniniug. Of tho heroines portrayed ho finds 372 woro described as blondes, while 190 woro brunettes. Of tho 562 horoines, 487 wero beautiful, 274 woro married to tho men of thoir oholco, wbilo 00 woro unfortunate enough to bo bound in wodlook to tho wrong man. Tho horoines of fiction, this literary statistician claims, are greatly improving in lioalth, and do not die so early as in previous years, although consumption is si ill iu tho lend among fatal maladies to which thoy suaoumb. Early marriagoa, however, aro ou tho jncroaso. Tho personal charms of the horoines inoludcd 980 "expressive eyes'' and 792 "Bholl-liko ears." Of tho oyoB 543 had a dreamy look, 390 flashed fire, whilo tho remainder had no Bpoolal attributes. Eyes of brown and bluo aro in the nscondant. Thoro was found to bo a largo inoreaso in tho numbor of heroines who possosaod dimples ; 502 woro blossod with siBtora, nnd 342 had brothers. Iu 47 cases mothers figured as horoinos, with 112 children between thom. Of thoso, 71 ohildron woro rosoued from watery graves. Eighteen of tho hus bands of thoso married heroines wore discovorod to be bigamists, whilo sovon hus- bnnds had notes found in their poekots exposing "everything." And thus is tho romanco of a yonr reduced to figuors, « Tho following littlo dialogue is vouohed for on uuimpeaoknblo authority as having actually occurred in Rockhampton : — Careful Papa: "But wliioh lovos Clara most, Brown, _ Jonos, or Smith P" ObBorvnnt Mamma:" " Why, Mr. Smith, to bo sure." " How oan you mako that out ? Last night Brown nsked and pleadod with hor to sing ; when sho finishod Jonos was enthusiastic in praiso, but Smith didn't say a word." "No, but to night ho asked hor to sing again—" " Poor Smith, ho must indeed love her I " ZINGAHO. 