LEONARD LINDSAY; S, the story or a buccaneer. by ANGUS B. REACH. , sYXorms of previous chapters. Leonard Lindsay, the narrator or this story of the seventeenth century, introduces himself to the "reader as the son of a Fillo fisherman, who lias taken to the sea as his profession, and in 1672, being then twenty- two years of age, has shipped in the Golden Grove for a Mediteirancan voyage. Whilo in the Ray of Biscay Leonard falls over-board front aloft in a gale, the ship's fore-topmost being -e.trrieda-.viiy. On this he supports himself for a day or two till "picked up bra piratleal French felueca bound for the West Indies. Finding th it tliecap- „f this vessel means to sell him as a slave, he. with the nsa'stinceof an Baglishsailorn «med Wright, (exiled on ai-count of the part he had taken in ""the sececution of Charles I.), escapes with arms and pro visions in a small boat when the felucca nears the American coast. He comes across a " Buccaneer" settlement in time to warn it of an impending attack from the Spaniards, which is repulsed. He joins the ouccaneer brotherhood, among whom are many Englishmen, and meets with many strange ad ven tures. While Leonard is away ou a canoe exped ition, the Spanish return, attack and capture the settle ment al ter il severe battle, and completely route aad disperse the B ucaneers. ' CHAPTER VI. SOW THE DEADLY FEVER OF THE COAST FASTENS nice. Such was the history of the treacherous Spanish attack which, destroyed the 'settle ment of the Marmousette. Our first care was to learn how the party we had met in with were armed, and great was our delight to find that the Indians carried two' guns .apiece, nearly all the muskets in the village having boon brought into the woods. Beside there was abundance of ammunition. After a short o:>::.-mJtetioa, if. was determined to take tho canoe, and although our .number would somewhat overload her, to cross to the other side of the bar, whore we had moro security against being molested. Having therefore carefully looked to our pieces, we clambered down the bank, and standing by the canoe, unanimously invested Stoat Jem with the command of the expedition. As the Indians «»si the puddles most dexterously, they were et to work to propel us, and vrith Stout Jem for steersman we set out. On our way I began to -experience a drowsiness, which I had before felt, hut immediately checked. Now, however, the sensation, amounting ; indeed , te . one of impending stupor, began again to ' overpower me.- My ehin foil upon my chest, aad I had littie watches or disturbed sleep, in which curious confused ideas, and odd combinations of wOrds and things, seemed to float into my brain, aud which, when I started rip again, whieh I would do every minnte, fled away like phantoms, so that I could not tor my life remember what I had been dream ing of the moment before. All this time I was inwardly urged to speak, I seemed to hare nothing to say, but still something forced my tongue and lips to move, and all at once I called out— - " Is that a black oorby on the thorn-bush near the boat's grapnel V At this extraordinary speech the English men in the canoe turned sharp round to me, and stout Jem. asked what X meant. At his voice all the dreamy sensations left me, and I felt myself blushing up to the roots of my jiair, aud wondering what I bad said, for 1 remembered not a word. " Here," said Stout Jem, kindly, "swallow this, my good boy; and he held me a great flask of spirits. " You have been breathing over-much marsh fog on an empty stomach, but you'll live to pay. off Jack Spaniard yet." I took the flask and held it to my head, when snddenly tho greasy leathern bottle appeared to s welland lengthen, until it seemed a puncheon which I hold. A carious nervous feeling came crawling over my limbs, and my breath grow thick, and my eyes dim. The first taste of the brandy banished these sen sations, aud tho cordial marvellously restored me. "You must eat somewhat when we go ashore," said Nicky. " I am ravenous ; and then we will consult on what we can do to. take our revenge." "No, no; no eat," said Blue Peter, the Mosquito Indian ; " sleep mo3h, sleep good, smoke pipe, and sleep cool and long." But 1 felt so much better that I fully in tended to make a good dinner. We landed in one of the bushy coves, which abouud in the frith of the Marmousette, and which could not be seen by the Spaniards on the ofeer bank. Stout Jem thon despatched tho Indians to hunt, and ordered the rest of the party to a. J in building a hut. Nicky and myself, however, were so weak from want of ijod, - that ' we 'were excused ; mid the Dutchman, having some biscuits and smoked beef in his pocket, generously gave us enough to make a good meal. Meantime, Stout Jem, Black Diamond, and Meinheer were actively at work. They had two hatchets and their long knives, and with these the' felled and prepared sufficient wood for their purpose, driving stakes into the earth, and interweaving leafy branches, with fee skill of experienced foresters. Nicky and I were then set to work to pull a quantity of parse long grass which grew upon the beach, for beds ; and one of the Mosquito ineu re - turning, ho kindled a fire, and began to cook tho hindquart9r of a fine boar which he had shot in the wood. Meantime I was plucking tho grass, sometimes sitting by the seaside, for I felt weak and ill. The food I had eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed strangely, and my— skin was fevered and fey- Then these horrible wandering thoughts began to come again, and I squeezed ray head with my hands, as though I could thus drive them out. Sometimes I thought I felt again the hot marsh vapour sickening the -Sir ; then the sea-breeze fanning mo, I would tear the clothes from my chest, and put back my long dank hair to let the blessed cool wind play freely on me aud cool my seething blood. All at once I saw, under the shade of a gcuipa tree, a tall stout man, who stood motionless, and watched me. Deeming him ra Spaniard, I would have shouted out, but .niy tongue refused to obey me, and turning hot and dry, rattled as it were against my teeth, while no sound but a low hiss could I form, btill the figure stood there ; and now if-aw.a oram0r as of a naked weapon which it hold. The sun being now setting, his rays came slanting down, and one of these quivering through the trees fell full upon the face of the stranger, and I saw fchat it was Walshe, with his great eyes glaring at me, just as they glared when the shark rose in the mangrove canal, and pulled him down beneath his crunching ti-eth. I stood trembling and trying to pray. The features were livid and blue, and the oyes sunk aud expressionless, yet hor- ,ribly bright. Just at this moment He of tho last puffs of the sea- breeze shook the trees aronnd, and the sunlight falling in a different stream, and chequered by other branches upon the appear- Spce, the face gradually seemed to change, feature after feature melted- away, until the agonised countenance of the unfortunate seaman was gone, and, instead of it, there remained the massive features aud pensive gravity of m r preserver on board the French - ?lan — W right,. J ust then the weapon, which I had formerly observed to glitter, moved, "pd I saw the figure heave. 'up a great broad axe on one hand, and point to it with tho other. It was, indeed, the regicide, with the ATmVilnM -—.3 At. _ 2 _ a _ » P l ituu tne instrument or nis aeea. Making- a sudden effort, I burst the leaden bonds which seemed to confine me, and with a_ strange courage, rushed forward. As I did the phantom grew dimmer and dimmer, and when I placed my hand upon its breast I felt but the gnarled bark of the genipa tree, whilst the axe, at the same instant, seemed to become a branch with clustering foliage dancing in the wind. I grew directly sick and faint. ' Oh, my God!" I murmured, "I am -going mad ! My .brain is whirling, and my oyes make me see things which are not !" and so I sank upon the ground and sobbed. Pre- sently, I was. somewhat better, and I manned myself. '.'It. is but .a feverish attack," I . h0,1ght, " I will return and try to sleep.-" At was, however, with some difficulty'that I arrived at the hut. ' My. limbs felt as if loaded with- lead,' and the pain of an intense head ache went like hot iron wires into my -brain. When I readied our half -finished abode, I saw everything through a sort of haze, and the voices at my car appeared to come from miles away._ I was soon placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the wiudwanl nid&jof; the liut, and after that I remember little more of what happened during three nights and three days.' Only I know that my sufferings were very great ; that my miud appeared .to ramble as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. Now, I would seem to be far away on the pleasant coast of Fife. The sua would shine, aud the com rustle, and the yellow broom by the burnie's banks smell sweet in the summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. : I was, as' it were, seared, aud the sources of. pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people I loved, bnt I could speak to none. I saw my mother 1 sitting on a sandy knowe, resting her head upon her hand, and looking o ver the blue sea. But when I would embrace her, there came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, iu my delirium, I -would fancy I was at sea: sometimes it was in the old fisher- boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and the bout would lie moveless as though nailed to the unstirring sea . Sud denly my father's eyes would, look into mine "with a long wan stare, aud so would ive sit glaring at ouch other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while months, and years, and. ages, would appear to come aad go and briug no change. Anon the mood would alter. Then I was cm board the. old brig Jean- Livingstone, with -a merry breeze and a ' blithesome crew. The bonny crags of: St. Andrew's Bay would seoui : under our lee. with tiie ruined towers ot abbeys and churches rising over the' green links, and fading front our sight as we worked gallantly seawards. Rut the scene would straightway change to a furious stonn iu' a mid-winter night, with the foam of the sea and the snow-flakes flying t ogether. Then round tho light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, staring into mine — faces with shaggy, antique boards like the ancient Bailors of Sir Patrick Spans, long, long sleeping in the wild North Sea ; aud so surrounded by these fishy yes of hapless drowsed mariners, I would feel th good brig ssei to founder beneath my feet, so that I would start- straggling up from ray bed of grass, crying out that 1 was drowning— that the.boiliug waves were chok- iugiise !' This was my ".seasoning fever, as they called it : and, .though it did not last long — thanks to 1 the good treatment and the medi cinal herb3 of tho Mosquito men — it left ir.e passing weak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking from the stupor of a deep sleep. My hair had been cut' close,' and my head 'was tied round with freshly- plucked plaintuiu leaves, con stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breeze on every side, and as it con tained but one bed more, I guessed that it had been given up for my use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw several pots, pans, baskets, anil boxes scattered about, from .which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, . and that my comrades had been able to recover some of the wreck of their property from the ruins of their habita tions. And-tiu3, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor, and cool and moist from head to foot. The fever had thoroughly left me, and I felt thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the well-known smell of the smouldering fire of the boucan floating into the hat, and soon afterwards, Nicky, with bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his eyes 6parkled when he saw mo so much re covered, and presently calling the rest together, they all shook hands with me, and told me to be of good cheer, for I had fore- reached on the marsh fever, and would soon be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. I grew very hungry, and, being well fed, re gained my strength fast, so that, two or three days after the fever left my blood, I was abroad sniffing the cool breezes of the sea. \- Except two men — both French — who had joined when I was ill, none of the survivors of our original party had turned up ; some of them had no doubt been made prisoners by the Spaniards, others might have started off to- tho ' eastward, as, indeed, many pre viously intended ; but wefoared that upwards of one-half of our comrades were either captives, who would be forced to labour in the mines of Cuba, or had already — and the fate of these latter was more to be envied — died with their woundB, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time after my recovery, and the rest of the party- being engaged in tho usual toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the boucan, it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down towards the mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy tho fresh and briny breeze which came from the north-west across the ocean. To make these expeditions more pleasant, I pre pared a mast with a small lug sail, such as the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the sceue of the late con test. I found nearly every trace cf a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, and over the ruins of tho shat tered hats, great crops of luxuriant herbage had grown, from whieh I often started snakes and venomous insects, Buch as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to mako their nests in the- holes and crevices which they found in 'abundance amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of groen-sward, under the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were rows of little mounds, very green. Here our poor com rades lay buriod. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their de parture, which happened ou the day after I was attacked with fever, all our party had gone across the bay, and laid the dead Buccaneers beneath the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at pains to carve a deep cross ; for, though the symbol in Europe be the mark of a corrupt and idolatrous church, still 1 felt that in the- wilderness it might bear a truer and a wider moaning, and point to future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered the graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VII. THE BUCCANEERS vtuf. OF THE LIFE ON SHORE, AND DETERMINE TO GO AGAIN TO SEA. Searching about the place, I often dis covered littie matters, which I stored iu the canoe and brought to our new .settlement, such as hammers, harpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas ; and twice I dug up from the ruins boxes con taining seamen's clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these trunks I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as T saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of the greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they, were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with that Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the boucan prepared for them at the village on the east side of the bay, having passed and none of them appearing, we concluded that stragglers from our old company had succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugas, and other islands, and had informed the merchants and planters there of the attacks>of the Spaniards, and the utter- ruin of the settlement, adding, Very probably, that they were the sole survivors of thei massacre. It, , therefore, became a' question with- us what to do. The French men were for journeying along the coast to tba'westward, and then, watching an oppor tunity -to go across to Tortugas ; bat.Stout Jem "told them' they might do so if they pleased, but he would prefer kh island where Ms own countrymen had something to say in matters, an opinion which the rest. of. the, English, as well as the Dutchmen and the Indians, who do not love the French; joined in very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to do them justice, were very good fellow, on this gave up their proposition and swore that" they would follow Stout Jem to the death. " Say you so, my boys?" cried the Dover mariner. " Then so be it ; and what I pro pose is this. Here be nine stout men of us, for I count the Indians as good as white blood. Our peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruined by these accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea again." This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem flung aloft his hat. " We have had enough of the shore this bout, mates," quoth he. " I want to hear the wind whistle through tarry rope again, and feel a stout .-trip daaciug under my " Yah, yah," said the Hollander. "We zoal be Zee Roovors once more;" and all the company flung up their hats like our leader, aud swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. ' For my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I hail no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very mueli taste for shooting bullocks, and Btill less for breaking tliem up, cooking and storing them ; and, although 1 had always elteerfully taken my turn to watch the bouoan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the ocean, aad T would pant for the fresh sea breeze, anil the dash of the foaming brine. As lor my comrade, Nicky, he was that essy kind of going man, that he seemed to eare very littie whether he was on land or sea. He worked, ate, drank, sang, and slept, and then rose merrily next day to go through the same routine. Bill; Stont Jem, who was the life aud soul, as well a the captain of our party, was a sailor all over. He had been many years in the Caribbean sea, was a good pilot, understood ereiy current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew by heart every buccaneering trick for easing of t'ueir cargoes the treasure-ships of the Dons. But before we could go to sea. we must have a vessel : and saving the canoe, which was hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as un provided as though we lived on the top of a monntaiu. There was nothing therefore for it, as we coul.1 not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but lo wait until the Spaniards should come in a ship to us, that is to say, in such a small ship as we could inastei', and afterwards manage. . V/e might indeed have not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering on the coast ; bat being acquainted with each other well, we preferred ia the first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, afterwards making, such additions to our crew as might from time to time be resolved on. In the meanwhile, we continued to hunt and prepare the flesh' of wild cattle and boars, so that we should have a . good stock of pro visions when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as I have said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced tho Mos quito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Genorally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expedi tions. aud if they are forced to allow a white man into the canoe, they will pur posely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, aud so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever ; and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, he made no objections to my accompanying him and his comrade in many of their expeditions. "We used to Btart before sunrise. Blue Peter in the bows of tho canoe and Jack in the stern, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I ever saw can paddle so silently, swiftly, and surely as the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold the shaft of the paddle almost upright, never touching the gunwale there with, or splashing rudely in the water. On tho contrary, the broad part of the paddle dips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glides with a perfectly smooth and rapid motion, so. that, did you. not observe how fast the water ripples' by, you would hardly think- you were moving at- all. When pursu ing the manatee, our usual game, the head of the canoe was turned up the creek to the higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and low, where the mangroves reared their diBmal groves, and where the watergTaduallybreomingbrackishandmuddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrow-bladed grass on which the manatee loves to feed. The oreature we hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for himself that he has tender white flesh, tasting like veal, and that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, which the Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmolested in the warm muddy water, nibblin g the streaming grass, as the la zy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his littie pig-like eyes, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into tbo river, or a squatting flock of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, mnst submit to be harpooned and eaten. When we came to the feeding-ground whicli he loves, the Indians would paddle with double caution, and Blue Peter, whe was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his hand. The spear used for capturing the manatee is about 8ft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round wMch is wound a strong line, one end of whieh is fast to tho bobwood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into the crea- t tiro's flesh, the staff coming unloosed from the iron, and the line rapidly unwinding from the bobwood, as- tho stricken creature dives in its agony and fear. The ' Indians then paddle after the staff, and having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. I shall not soon forget the first manatee hunt I saw. We embarked at early dawn, and glided silently along the green shore, from which the mist of. the night was lifting and rolling in white clouds far up the moun tains. After long skirting the mangrove wood, we tamed from the main channel into a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could not even hear the water at the canoe's bow. her mould was so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a slight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blow, and the sun came down scorchingly upon the taugled wood and the green water, the surface of which glanced like bright, clear oil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered round the trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled heap of soaking grass and weeds. The kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven image of ebony or bronze, and I saw tho' floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing sound as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of Ms left hand, which he had kept- outstretched ; his comrade at the stem saw the sign, aud a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her coarse, Bine Peter stood erect, and raising his -right arm, with all tho muscles swelling out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of the moving weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the canoe rocked upon a wave, wMch scattered the floating herbage, so that I saw disappearing in the water the broad brown back' of . a creature aslarge as a cow. - Blue . Peter, the instant he struck, sank again upon' his knees, and' snatching np the paddle/ prepared to move." Meantime I could see ' nothing of the harpoon,, for it' had been carried' under water: . The- Mosquito men then.' talked to each other in- their own. fongne, pointing to -the direction in which the zaa'na'tee appeared to have dive'd/and then ' began to paddle lustily. About five minutes might have elapsed, when Blue Peter ex claimed , ' Ho ! — there 1" >d pointed. T, looking in the same direction, descried the staff of the harpoon seeming to fly along the surface of the water, the round bobwood throwing up a foam 2ft. high. Then the Mosquito-men pulled hard in chaso. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies -had so much strength in them. The muscles of 'their naked arms aud chests strained and swelled, the paddle-shafts cracked, and the canoe seemed at every stroke to be lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon tho harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that we would never see either harpoon or quarry ; but, on a sudden, tiie motion of the former stopped, aud it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom, and lay there. We now paddled carefully up, and. Blue Peter caught tne staff, and began to pull upon tiie line. Imme diately that the wounded creature felt the smart, it started again. I saw the line vibrato and stretoh out in a direction abeam of the canoe ; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering-paddle, swept the bows round in the direction taken by the manatee, while Blue Peter fastened the iine to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two, though not so much as I ex pected, and strcightway we began to move ahead, Peter crouching iu the bows, signing to Jack how to iitcer. For near a quarter of an hour did the wounded beast drag . us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that the foam whizzed past us — a tion changing his course so suddenly, that had not the canoe been steered with perfect, skill he would have dragged us undar water. Then, his strength be ginning to ebb from him fast, we lmuledupon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose blood was now reddening the water. I pitied the poor creatnre, as he put his head above the surface, and grunted aud moaned after his fashion, but he was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside of tho carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and plunges, the manatee turned over upon its back, deud. We towed him ashore, and securing hi to a tree, presently paddled off in search of more runic of the same sort. But upon the whole, I better loved our fishing expeditions than the hunt of tho manatee. Tho poor defenceless brute always inspired, me with pity. ' There is a meekness about his face which moves one. ' He makes no attempt to turn to bay or show fight; but is slaughtered as unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts he loves are the muddy and unwholesome canals among tiie mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down the bay to the rocky points and ledges of reef which formed the outer- ' most horns of the lagoon. Thero the clear, : blue sea, spangled by tho merry strength of the sea-breezo, stretched inimitably out, and : the everlasting surf flung aloft its. clouds of sparkling spray, high ' up among thei rocks, now and then giving the bushes a taste, of the savour of brine. It was in the still pools and . channels, formed by breakwaters of rock, that the canoe was then navigated. Let the sea- breeze be blowing, and tho surging swells be tossing in, as hard nnd fast as they might, there was always calm water behind the reefs — so calm and so clear ! I might think that I was looking into the swirlings of our trout-pool iii tho Bal- weario Burn, hut for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sou- weeds at tho bettom, and the still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but a fathom down beneath the keel of the canoe. Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skiff against the rough; coral edges ; sometimes receiving a sparkling! shower of spray when a bigger 'wave; than ordinary burst upon the outside roof, the Mosquito men wero in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, his black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though he would note every scollop iu the edge of tho jagged sea-weed, or every wavy ridge on the bed of white sand, and his long tMn fish-spear darting occasionally down into the flood to be straightway drawn, bending and quivering, back with a noble fish, writhing aud floundering, impaled upon the barbs. - Always upon these expeditions " I kept a ". goo'd . look- but; seaward, .and often mounted pin nacles of rock that I might have the better view. Once or twico I saw a sail,- apparently set on board a small vessel slipping quickly down to tho westward, or boating painfully to windward ; but the barques were too far at sea for mo to mako out aught of their characr ter or country. During tho period of my sojourn in His- paniola it was our custom to spend the evening together in tho principal hut— that which was first constructed, and wMch was of an ample bigness. Here, seated round a great chest,, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of the rich palm wine, and told in turn stories of our lives and adventures. The hut being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strpng land breeze blew through and through it, causing tho flame of our solitary lamp to waver and flicker, and not unfrequeutly putting it out altogether. "Wo sat upon bundles made of our clothes, or heaps of dried grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of strago ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sua ; our hair aud beards long, tangled, and matted : and our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red aud greasy witli the blood and fat of the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head and commander of our party, sat ou a kind of settle for a throne, aud the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, the two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted ou their hams, and speaking to each other Boftiy in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on these evenings, not for money, of wMch we had none, but for the carcasses of the cattle wMch we had killed and flayed ; but as the play was always fair aud the dice true, it was gene rally found that no one either' lost or gained much in the loug run. It was, however, the Btbry-telling nights I loved the best. Many of the tales then told wero indeed very vulgar and common, ' and unworthy of being recorded,- turning solely upon butcheries of the Spaniards at sea, and upon great seasons of debauch, after a successful cruise, in Tortugas or Jamaica. Not a tew tales were told of ghosts and omens, and such extravagances, wMch the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to. believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both at this time und afterwards, and I design to insert one here, not because I think it at all . credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put the matter into the UulJtlvUi D WWIU3) VI W AAAl/AA) 1U1 tAA UUVUllll vated seaman, he had a good flow. Stout Jem called his history " The Legend of Foul- Weather Don," aad to it I will devote the next chapter. CHAPTER VIII. THE LEGEND OF FOUL- WEATHER DON. Stout Jem told it thus : — ' My story, mates, is a strange one, and I say not whether it be true or false. I heard; it in the middle watch, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman' who told it to us, mud that; when he was a bov he sailed with the man to whom the thing, hap pened, in a big ship which hailed from. Bristol. That the spirits of the dead walk the world — ay, and sail the seas — is a thing I cannot 6ay nay to. I cannot tell yon that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, but credible mariners -and- brave and . sober men have assured , me of things which have made my .marrow creep,': and the hair stand up, all bristling out of my flesh.- Well, then,' about -this story. The man to whom the' adventure happened, was by name Ned Purvis,a' mariner. It miist bei nigh sixty , years ' ago since he sailed out of - the port 'of London " on a trading voyage to- the coast of Guinea. Purvis, was theu .a younker, there "being Utile better than a year .since he had followed! the sea, and this .was his first voyage abroad ; he having under taken' i : in the sMp of Ms uncle, a good old man, of a mild disposition, and well loved of the crew. As for Ned Purvis, he was tt reckless raffling blade, that cared neither for man nor devil, when his blood was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of. a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, as I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and greatly loved his nephew, and .thought much of tho lad's spunk and wild spirit. So they sailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to traffic for spices and rich oils and gold with the blacks of Africa. " " Having lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and pleasant weather, and nought occurred until the seventh day from that in which they saw the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving through tho water and no more, for the breeze was bnt a puff, and the sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in it, so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, that almost all the men on deck saw her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside ; and yet no one had seen her approaching. But strange as that was, com rades, it was not so strange as tho cut of the boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the man in her. The stem and stern of the craft were very high, and ended in curled bits of carved wood. . Her gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, m such a way as you may have seen the pulpits aud choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, and such buildings in England and France, and the Low Countries, being very 'artificial work done with gravers and cMsels. "Ned Purvis remembered afterwards, when ho saw a great Spanish painting of Christopher Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon the island of Hispaniola, that the admiral sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after the fashion of that of which I am now telling you. And the man, mates, looked as old as Ms boat. He had on a high conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore a grave-coloured doublet, of , an old fashion, with slashes in ' the the arias, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. Round his neck was a stiff ruff. He had red stockings, and great, bunches of ribbon in his shoes. The face of this straugo person was severe and grave. He had no moustachois, but a thin peaked beard which fell over his frill. Every now and then ho : smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was that of a bitter sneer ; and his eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and .from which, men turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well, then, the cap tain, when he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, as. .you may ' have seen small binls on . tho !boughs gaze at snakes, whose eyes'.glitter out of the gross beneath, aud presently the man in the boat waved his arm, as a signal to those on board to take hint in. W ell. no'one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain could prevent him, Ned flung a rope to the stranger, who straightway caught hold of it and mounted on deck. " Where is your captain ?' says he, in a hollow, harah voice. " The old man comes forward, as pale as a ; corpse, and quoth he— " ' In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship ?' " Now, at tho name of God, Ned Purvis thought that tho fctrange man started and" shook ; but he replied not. only taking the old captain by the hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. Mer, said the old mariner, faintly, ' he will not be denied ; get his boat aboard.' But the crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each other, but put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ncd Pnrvis stood forward. " ' Who are yon ?' said he, ' and why ; should we take you or your boat aboard?' " ' You yourself asked' me,' quoth the stransre man ; ' you flung the rope ; but for that I should have floated past you. I never come but where some one welcomes me.' "Now. at this. Ned Purvis confessed that he felt like a great sinner, and all the men tnrned round and -looked first at him and then at the strangeb. But Ned plucked up courage, and determined to give them all bold words. So he walked np to the stranger,' and said — " ' Well, I did heave you a rope ; no true-hearted mariner would seo a man adrift upon the ocean, and not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow- creature, we have done but our duty in saving you ; if you be not, why, we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences, and wo defy the devil and all his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must bo obeyed.' " And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was : neither food nor water in her, and her bottom was as foul with barnacles and sea weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, the stranger and the captain went below, and the men stood in a group round tiie cabin, bat they could hear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got .dark he . was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at the strange event of the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. " ' Nevvy !' says the old man, ' know you whom you have brought aboard into this ship ?' "'Why, uncle,' answered Ned, some what taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we find starving in a boat upon the ocean, more than a week's sail from land?' " ' Ay, nevvy,' quoth the old captain, ' any man, but not any phantom ; it is more than a hundred years since the passenger you brought on . board this unhappy ship was a man !' . ; ' . . - "'Do you know him then,, uncle? says Ned ; ' have you ever seen him before ?' Ay, boy, replied the old - mariner; ' once, when I was a youth, he boarded a ship in which I sailed, as he did ours to- day.' "'And what did he?' asked the young sailor, his heart fluttering witMn him. " ' Raised storms,' 6aid the elder Purvis, solemnly ; ' raised a tempest such as I never . saw before, and had hoped, until now, .never . 'to see again.' " ' Then, in the name of God," says Ned, clenching his fists, 'as I brought him on board, I'll pitch him overboard, and I'll begin with his boat first.' And so saying, he began to make fast a tackle to the curled prow. " ' Hold, hold !' said Captain Purvis ; ' he must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' " ' But who — who. in tho devil's name, is V _ Of .1. a,. YTA J ue, uiiciu i Buuutcuieu. " ' He is a restless phantom — a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with Ms voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. ' He was a cruel cap- tain of Spain, who, holding a. high command in Hispaniola, ' wrought great cruelties" to the natives, and even to his fellow- countrymen, amassing thus a great treasure, which he buried in one of the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies, to wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain ; at length this seemed to have arrived, aud.in a stout vessel he set sail for the treasure island; but cn the voyage a terrible fever fixed upon him, and having partially re covered, he -found his memory so gone that he could not recal to his mind any signs by which he knew either the island, or the part of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, he would continue to cruise for weeks and weeks among the cluster called the -Virgin Isles, to the; east of Porto Rico — never sleeping, so they said who sailed with him, but alvrays -standing on the highest yard, gazing wistfully for his "treasure he had buried. At length his crew lpst patience, and insisted upon returning to Hispaniola; at this he fell into furious fits of rage, but at -last, they being .obstinate, . he .swore a- solemn oath that dead or alive, he would sail the' sea until his treasure was either fonnd and spent or placed for ever -beyond the reach of men. And then, order ing them to put out a boat, stepped on board, and they loft him floating, an hundred years ago; ust as we fouu-1 him this, after noon ' -. " 'But he has been seen since,'- quoth Ned, after a pause, for he did not know what to think of this story. " 'Twice that I know. of,' said his uncle, 'and once, I tell you, I saw him, and he came ou board and brought tempest with him ; they called him " Foul -Weather Don," and learned men say he must- keep his oath, in the spirit, if not in tho body, aud that ho will have no rest till the terms of it be ful filled.' v " 'So he brought bad weather, did he?' said Neil, musing. " ' For the three weeks he was on board,' says the old man, ' the blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than tho mainyard.' " ' And what did he do all that time ?' cries Ned, again. " ' Ho sat in the great cabin,' replied the uncle, ' with his back against the ruilder- case, and never spoke word nor broke bread.' " 4 How did he leave you ?' was Ned's next question. "'He rose one evening, jtistin the twilight, and ordered the captain to put Ms boat into tho water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that one ' — and the old sailor pointed to tho sea- worn craft, with her bottom one bed of weed and barnacles — 'but that one floated like a duck upon the great breaking seas ; and presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Foul- Weatlier Don stopped to the gangway, aud from theuce on board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising on the tops of the great seas, aud standing up iu the boat with his hands clasped, as one prayiDg ; then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour the gale broke, the sea went down, and we were again enabled to lay our proper course.' " ' And what is Foul- Weather Don doing in the cabin just now ?' says Ned. " ' Sitting with his back against the rudder-case,' answered Captain Purvis ; ' and see — look there !' the old man added, and he pointed to the cart, ' look at that bank of cloud rising from the ocean— there's the gale (Mining. Before midnight Foul- Weather Don will have all his winds blowing about him.' 