Balmoral and its Troubles- To the Editor.— Sir, — Bret Harte was con strained to say, after a certain momorable game of cards, that the " Oaucasion is played out," and the ratepayers of the Balmoral divirion may justly apply the same remark to looal government, which, so far as they are con cerned, has proved an utter failure. Their divisiou, comprising one of the must important snhnrhs of Brisbane, embraces an area of 10 Equare miles, the annual value of the pro perties being £40,000, and the annual inoome £6,000. Largs figures surely, yet how are the affairs of the division managed P When the famous old Bulimba divirion olaimed sway over these paxtB, and the " lord of misrule " pre sided over their debates, chaos reigned supreme. But the Ooorparoo, Kiapawah, and Balmoral people, weary of the eternal bickerings of toe members and j earning onco more for respecta bility, threw off the yoke, and formed them selves into separate divisions, with what suc cess in the two other divisions the deponent knoweth nor oareth not, but in Balmoral the step resulted in confusion worse confounded. For now the members are at daggers drawn as to who shall be ohairman. Three of them aspire to the proud position. Perhaps there would be a fourth candidate if it were hot for the 1 act that a paternal Government has takeua him in hand, and is now endeavouring to point out to him toe error of his ways. Owing to this dispute, toe poor men employed by toe hoard have not been paid ainoe bofore Christ mas, and they are going to hold a meeting to night to see what can ba done to get toe money which they earned torso months ago. In toe meantime, the Cleveland and other main roads in the division are in places simply impassable, and the money whioh should justly bo expended thereon, is diverted to cutting down one or two hills on a side road, on whioh, I believe, ono member's house stands alone, and toe stuff obtained from suoh hills, by a strange coinoidenoe, is oarted some distanoe to toe propoities of another member, and UBed there to form roads leading to nowhere in par ticular, and where there ia not the ghost of a house. Surely suoh improvements as digging drains, reclaiming swamps, &o.;, on private ground should he effected by the owners who are solely benefited thereby, and who must be afflicted with a grevioua moral twist to oousent to the ratepayers' money being expended in enoh a manner. The writer regrets that it should be neoessary in this nineteenth century to refer to a matter of this land, hut when men seek publio positions they miut submit, notwithstanding how estimable they maybe individually, to have their publio notions looked into, and if Buoh aotions are creditable they get all toe kudos they deserve, and if the reverse, they must be prepared for toe oonsequenoes. For the vaoanoy, caused by the retirement of toe above-mentioned erring gentleman to Those deep solitudes and awful cells. 'Where heavenly pensive contemplation dwells, in that Island retreat down the bay, there, are three or four candidates. One is a member of the oliqne who supports for tho vacant chair manship toe late olerk of the lato respected Bulimba Divisional Board. Another inno cently announces that he seeks election booauso tho roada around his place have beennogleoted, tinfj. that he wants to have a wharf oan- rtrqeted by the board near hia houso for oertaln steamers to oall at, too propriety of too residents concerned bearing the cost of. it- bavirg been previously intimated to him.: These aro very goad reasons no doubt from his point 'of view, but the voters can judge as to their worthiness. Bat there »b a moral iu all I .- s'-A. U.TK.A.-,-.. this, and that is for none -hut good men to be eliotcd by the ratepayers,-, and Aall who have axes to grind should . be religiously, avoided- ; Surely some of toe respectable residents could ,1 be prevailed on to oome forward for election?/. These, with toe one or. two decent men . now on the board oonld he rcfiod on to act con scientiously for tho general good of the divirion, and not merely to servo their own. selfish little ends. If the ratepayers take the matter up it will notbe long before toe board is purged of ' the obnoxious element of whioh it is no w largely: ' composed, and toe good name of Balmoral . restored once more. — Yours, &c.;, Ratepayer. \- Bulimba, Fobrofiiy 21, 1890» 