" REDDING ' OP." ' I -15s From the Daily veins.) In the new and complete edition of Sir Walter Scott's Diary, which Mr David Douglas, of Edinburgh, has published, one sorrow stands out even among the troubles of financial ruin, paralysis and bereavement This was the misery of " putting to rights," or, as the health Bay, " reading up " Scott was a man of enormous correspondence He writes he spent £100 a year on postage. He complains of the innumerable letters from people who told him that he will be " surprised at receiving a communication from a stranger " On the other hand, as he says, he would be surprised to receive such communications from anybody who was not a stranger Ibcse predatory letters," which are just as often written now as 60 years ago, invariably asked for some thing Now the stranger wants a mere autograph again, he wishes his victim to get some other victim to publish his (rash. Often he feels a burning desire to write something, and be paid for it, and he asks what he should write, and has no objection to being paid in ad- vance Almost invariably he encloses some document which he insists on having returned sometimes it is A summons served on him for a debt!, to prove that he is really in need, more often it is verse, occasionally It is a letter from a doctor to say that he has been suffering from varicose veins Very f requnatly he sends a book, and asks for praise, of us wishes to be allowed to make extracts from his correspondent's books, or Ire implored him to return at some distant village, or to write gratuitously for some amateur magazine, or who forwards information which is UOUIIOBS and stale. There is no end to his arts, and a man so excessively busy as boon would naturally thrust tons of this trash into the many pigeon-holes of fishery bureau, in the hope of answering a more convenient season, I the correspondent comes forward again. Where n hor " Madrigal on the Morgue " V SVherois the certificate about his varicose veins I whom is his tragedy, his novel, his comic opera i He never asked for his county court summons There are " hours of madness," another unhappy author days, spent in looking for these things, and for the books that people insisted on landing and demand back in a hurry. More valuable papers of the author's own, or papers more valuable to him, have, an Scott says, a habit of making con- spiracies to disappear " Redding up," be remarks, "puts me into a fever My long back aches with stooping into the low drawers of old cabinets, and my neck is trained with stretching up to their attack. Icon you are sure never to get the thing you want. I am sure they creep about and bade them selves " The wrong things "perk up, until at last you throw them into some corner in a passion, and then they are the objects of research in their turn " 1 base complaints bo, who complained no seldom, often reite- rates in the Diary. The want of it is, that you have to but, as if it were for a pearl of great price, and with far more agitation than if the pearl were your own property, for some wretched paper that is not worth the dust that accumulates on it. This lady's poem, that male imbeciles short story, or common, or curiously valueless old back, are things literally without price, but life is a fever, and a mere aching sense of loss, till they are returned to the pests who sent them, the poets who will never cease to clamour till they got their mb blah into their possession in the search, and this was probably what Scott felt most in reading up, a hundred ghosts of things dead but unluckily not buried, run before the light of the victim. sketches of places he will never see again, of faces that will never smile on him again, twopenny presents that they were dear memorials, abortive drafts of projects that died before they were born, proofs of books that failed, letters from hands that have ceased to hold the pen, floWers gathered who knows where or in what pleasant company, day-book which truth and rust do corrupt (the moth attacking the feathers, the rat gnawing the steel) these are among the agreeable objects which salute the eye of the reader up Into this melancholy museum be cannot send others to hunt for him ; alone he must travel through the ashes of the past, and the wren tage of his better days, and all in search of Matilda's " Madrigal of the Morgue " Every hurt me is a Morgue in itself, and there are skeletons in every one of its compartments. It may be said that orderly persons escape the in convenience by the simple plan of having a place for everything. But the whole world hardly contains the letters and documents of the stranger "" who ventures to write to people whom he does not know the plan of destroying all his communications at sight, and in a rage, has not unfrequently led the impulsive to burn valuable documents, such as cheques. the opulent can afford to keep secretaries, who, having nothing else to do, probably manage to keep their heads, their tempers, and the various rubbish of all sorts in proper receptacles. Bat boon, to judge by his chance, did not indulge much In secretaries, especially after one of them, Mr Weber, went mad, S reduced pistols, and offered to light the Wizard of the Ports in the Wizard's own study in Castle-street, The posthumous sorrows of Sainte-Beuve also prove that a secretary may keep the rain which he should only know where to find at a moment's notice, and may publish it for his own profit, after his employer 12 dead Perhaps there in his plan of avoiding the sentimental and serious sorrows of " reading up," namely, by never keeping any scrap of written paper at all, and never owning any whole of furniture which contains drawers and pigeon-holes One vast waste-paper basket, 1 Such as those Which women use who wash the clothes, might be made the one receptacle, and might be solemnly cremated when replete of his plan, too, has its obvious drawbacks and difficulties. Short of answering every letter at the moment when it is received (Instead of thrusting it into the leaves of a book there seems to be no mode of avoiding " putting things to rights " Scott admits that he never put things more than half to rights. Yet he had one piece of luck, after all, he found the lost MS. of " Waverley " when he was looking for fishing tackle Few persons of literary habits are likely to make such a discovery, and ot ODO novelist it is known that he lost a very good plot, constructed regardless of expense, and never found it again, but had to make another. Now this plot is certain to turn up, when he is looking for golf balls, and the discovery, too late, will be worse than the original sorrow, and all this because papers " creep about and hide themselves," like lost will in works of house. No "redding up" is ever complete till death comes, and sorrowing hut koenly.«orutlai»iug relations, and then there is posthumous trouble, and matters are unearthed which, in the immortal phrase of Mrs. Lirriper, "breed fruitful hot water for all parties." I 