SOCIAL NOTER — B VlilTOX. WMlit Mr. iHuiw ©ffered tha xrn , . apologist for the BoMm to lay on the table, ao<tol a remote part of thecotoar teBBod m© to tora were gathered In aaina p&rW; a W mm x» iorm a railwKT Un,. \ temd the five and thirty mate down atecst macii in earnest. Given access oi tin «U»jr and thei, lilfw wm a naxm ; mthont it, a f.Om, tkHS their claims before worid. They did agitate; they did BeciJ «ach publicity as brief triearaatt in the Mi? bourne paper afford, bat tbey did not ret the Ime. Isappoeethe 120peopk, who at a mod S rate ewtimftte formed the households ef pfemeera, most seek new homes, abandoning the land on which they have spent the laboiS of years. " A pity." the reader may ear " Bat these things must needs be, and the case is one of hundreds.1 1 My own impression is that these thW3 need not. and should not he. That railways cannot be made for the behoof of each little group of settles scattered over thS colony ia most true. Bat a big scheme might be mapped out— a scheme which would enable a man to say, " ">Ve shall get a line about 1S97 or IS? 3," or, 41 W'e shall not get It and to deduce from that fact whether it would or would not pay bira to clic-r t# his holding. Every mile of railway con structed makes it more diScult for thosa remote from stations to cultivate. Bui then it is objected ia a new country there are startling and quite unexpected developments. Long before 1833 comes it may be absolutely necessary to send the engine to districts which to-day are almost unknown. To pro vide against thai difficulty is easy, and margin might be left for contingencies. As matters stand we tie our hands for fira or six years, end ret have no each well-ordered scheme as reduces settle ment to a study of the railway map of the future. How little elasticity there is uudar existing methods the plight of the northern suburbs shows. As many of ua as axe not uli-c.-.Iy in- | fcerested in railways are likely to l<\- do- j ple-rabiy sick of the whole ?ubjjct hef-re ths Bill is through. We shall tremble vr'.cu s | cockspar is mentioned, and sigh for tie in visible fern seed when a friend from an iofe- ted district or suburb rounds the cyaa. Mean while, for our delectation cergi enthusiasts I are re-opening the questi m cf free trade. I Everybody resnemberE how Steele would hava : it that po or cartridge, the almanac ins iter, : was deid, and dated his fuaeral to sc: cot j froui the Coriwainers -h all on the 2Sth November. 1701. Partridge Lsued & react- | festo to inform 4' sB his loving ccuurry- I men that he is still living and in hcilii i and that tliey are knaves that reported it 1 otherwise.11 Free tn de and protecuon ara ! the Partridges of Aas a Li and Earland. Ia | the old worid John Bright hurled_rr:T->: : :ca j ever so many years ago ; but still it v-aAj. I Here we were done with free trade a while i ago. had written, its epithet, uni perhaps shed r a tear cr two on the votive ftb'.eh Bat free trade won't rest ; 3Ir. Marrsv Smira is president cf a society frikl | is to reintroduce the departed, sad ! amongst his henchmen is a Mr. J: ve:i. who ; proclaimed, in debate with Mr. Harwxd, on ; Tuesday, that free trade con ever die. Thi ; enthusiasts have even floated a mt>cr — P-r- i eress — published at the nodes: r-lx cf Id. : per month. \ j The ghost will do the community good service, if only he is lively, ss a ghost sLorid be. Political economy is not generally con- ; sidered a fascinating study by tl;sc vrho j endeavour to master its element. Bat ! when wordy warfare rages, evn ?:n;Ls- | tics end laws ef production, wsges, &ad; so oc. become interaeriug. There would | seem tn be. need for matter for ddraie. s The Trinity Dialectic S>riety. aniiits :: to escape the commonplace, debntod 3 proposition, That the u?e of ftrong , language is morally uucbjercrnabie, : and £s a positive relief io the ic-el- j iags. I should be disposed to pic tare the ' man who feuai delight in msintaiuing that I some® at akin to Mm of whom the B B> pfciTs toe airy flute. | Asi Itokfc depressed and blighted, | ixwesiwand ah ut him toot, I And DnMti&s; dance delighted. .. I TbeordiMJy lawman can't disotissihe ques- I jL ! Strong Language a Relief to the I ft#®?9' ' '® as pursued the experi- I lental method of the exaot sciences and I rLirs. But if to be serious touching such I fierio-com debate is worth while, is it I not just a trifle foolish to publish a bald I ctrsgitpfc ntriag forth that a society I ected with the university thinks t ag language morally unobjectionable? I jf is not difficult to anyone who I jug demoted a moment's thought to I Hoods couplet which styles the feminine I gsmofa doo ft an inarticulate damn/' to kucr a line of argument which might amuse gently dull. But, as a matter of fact, there is strong language and strong language, and j ust at present the tendency of our youngsters is to offend our ears with pro bities which would bo degrading to the bullock-driver, as the bullock- driver figures in the pages of tho satirist. It has struck me that perhaps the Dialectic Society contemplates a reform on the lines laid down by Dob At-rcs, Honest Bob did not invent tho system ho propounded, but had the authority of a militia officer for as sorting' that <( there is no meaning in the common onths, and that nothing but their ahtiquity makes them respectable, bePanse," he says, ' ' the aneionts would never stick to as oath or two, but would say 'By dove,' or. 'lly Bacchus,' or 4 Br Mar?,' or 'By Venus,' or 'By Dallas,' according to the sentiment ; so fnrit to swear with propriety, says my little majar, the oath should be an echo to the EenSH. and this wo call the oath referential, or sentimental swearing " Sentimental swearing vronH be an improvement on the foul- mouthed profanity of the barracker. But thee, to make tho oath an echo of the sense would require brains, which the barracker has not, and to bring tho-v brains into play when one sat on " the bu-iuc?R end of a tack " would not afford that positive and immediate relief to the fcoliucs which the Trinity Col lego men desire. Passing the question of ethics, it is the obvious duty of every man who would i, t h.ivo nine-tenths of his male fellow i r. atari s iterative jackdaws, to set his fa o against swearing. Both in Dryland and in Australia the cur rent profanity is growing so coarse, so 1-iul. so utterly moaning ess, as to seriously lessen a moderately intelligent man's appre ciation of liis favourite sports, and to mak-?' the convincing ground a spot which hdie- niii approach with considerable tr-yida'ion. there is to be an attack on the early- r'c-ing movement from another quarter. J. he are to bo offered, or are to d'.-maud, tho eight - hours day which is the Victorian's charier. I say arc to bo offered or are to demand, for as ? .me employers are eager to make the concession, others arc unwilling. Some cm- ? \v < fancy the point won't be carried without a struggle. The assistant of a d;e:;de or two ago was almost as badly off as "Warren's hero, Titmouse. There had been considerable advance before the passing of the Karly-closing Bill, and even now very much remains to be done. If tho eight-hours day can. he arranged, the new system will delight purchasers, and will delight those young gentlemen aiul ladies whose wont - it is to ivi-s i he evening on the pavement. A city with its .-hops closed is funereal ; but there is one difficulty. The Sunday- closing agita tion 1ms taught us that to put a measure on the Statute book is easy, to enforce it difficult. I should say that an eight-hours clause applied to gimps would be about as easily evaded as any clause one could devise. Iu most estab lishments the time-table would have to be arranged so that tho whole staff would be available for the busy part of both morning and afternoon. The goings and comings thus involved would enable employers and employed to defeat tho law whenever they chose. The miploye chooses just as often, as there are veiy few bil- 1-t- end a great many applicants for thc-m. Yriien there are a great many billets and !: applicants, lie is independent, law or no law. Still, if evasions were only occa- st 'nai, the eight-hows law would be a boon to a h'.'St of e,nplo\jt$. I do not suppose it would make any considerable demand for n-Mants, inasmuch as, where you can hardly got served at one hour, you can mono- disc the attention of half a dozen knights or hulio« i >f tho yard-stick at another. 1 t "T0 i- a glorious uncertainty about fri-kei" which makes the prophetic r≤ specially disagreeable when it is in question. Bit judging from the record the doom of the Australian Eleven is sealed. Nomi nally they have won five matches, but of these t iv o were of no moment — Warwick shire stands so low that victories against it din t count for the premiership, and Oxford was reported phenomenally weak. Add to this that Juno is generally the month of wet wickets, and that Ferris and Turner should 1 iu their glory, and the picture is woefully Tack. But who knows r Just as wo have disowned the eleven they may pull them selves together, and beat the representative English loam. It is a curious fact, but l d-n't think the team will be very popular in fhe old world if it is often vanquished. F eeling may have changed, but some years the fogies had an impression that it Would do the English athlete a world of ?">od if someone from tho Antipodes or else where jumped on him, and kept jumping bU the pride was jerked out of the hfilow. At that time the athletes " fancied themselves," and the public was a weary of them. I saw a North of glnud team fall to pieces on ono occasion when the Australians were at their best, and the local burr ackers jumped for joy. The , fashion in which they chaffed their own heroes was merciless, and as they, too, held that the use of strong language is morally h&objectiouable;, was pointed. fi.e <death is announced of Mr. James Carlyle, j?6 ast surviving brother of Thomas Carlylfi, historian and essayist 