CHAPTER' XIV. MY QEANDFATHER SEES A GHOST. When Psyche had called her last “ good night’* to me from her room, as in the cave it was her custom to do before composing herself to sleep, I stole out of trjo house, to breathe again the fresh air and enjoy the full sense of freedom. After standing awhile gazing all round at the heavens with an ineffable joy in my heart I passed through the rnmlcn, and turning instinc tively towards the Chase, followed the familiar path to the park gates, my step growing quicker autl more elastic under an elation that was easy to be accounted for. When I left the Chase I bad no prospect more hopeful than that of realising Sir Henry Duncan’s cynical sug gestion by finding a Golconda. Well, I had found what to me was a Golconda, ami now I could face Sir Henry and demand liis daughter’s It was nearly midnight; there was no light in the lodgekeeper’s window. The gate was unlocked, and not a hundrod yards down tlie drive there was a bend from which the house could he seen. With no excuse hut a lover's folly, I passed the gate and walked to the bend, and there I stood for full}" five minutesgazingat the solitary light in one of the window3, giving a looso rein to my fancy, and leering it carry me into a paradise where I saw no face but Ethel Duncan’s. When at length I turned to go hack I per ceived a tall grey figure standing in the alley formed by a footpath which turned from the drive at tho head. It was Sir Henry ; I recognised him at a glance. There was nothing remarkable in liis being there at this hour, even if the night had hcon less tempting for a late stroll. He was a man of odd, ascetic habits, sometimes confining himself for days together in one room, at others wandering on tho downs night after night in weather that made even the co;i3C-gmrd fchirk las duty. “Who are you?” he asked, stepping for “ Bernard Thome.” “ I thought so,” he said, and then placing himself before me with a stride as I was about to pass on, he added, in a peremptory tone, “ Tell ine what you are doing here ‘r” I hesitatod to' answer, feeling^ that I had placed myself in a ridiculous |>osition. “ You have come here to see my daughter,” he said in an angry tone of conviction. u You have written to her r” “ I have done nothing of the kiud.” “la that true?” he asked in a tone that stung inc. “ You have never known me to attempt to deceive you,” I answered warmly. “ Indeed l You promised you would not return uutil you had a fortune to offer for my daughter.” “ And on that condition you suffered me to hope that I might muko her my wife. It was an expedient perhaps to get rid of me. You did not expect me to return before you had married your daughter to a huahaud more to vour taste than your late secretary. But you held out that hope to me; I accepted it; nnd now that you see mo here you know tho reason—I have a fortune to offer your daughter.” “ It is incredible. I was told you had gone to America. Even there you have not had time to make a fortune—honestly.” “I dare not trust my tongue to answer you after that insinuation ,** said I, stepping aside in order to pass him. Wait,” ne said, putting his stick rudely before me. “Our estimate of foitunes may differ considerably. What is this fortune you have made V” “ I cannot tell you, it may be fceu thousand pounds—it may ho loss.” “ Ten thousand pounds l Do you know that my daughter may accept a husband with twenty times that amount. You mistake }'our position. What is ten thousand pounds ?” “ Enough to make me independent of your generosity, and that is all I sought. I dare now to ask your daughter to be my wife, and it is for her and, not for you, to decide whether I shall ho her husband or not ?” “ One moment. One question at least I have a right to nsk, and one which you. with tho antecedents of your family hofore you, ought to answer. How have you come by this money V” “ I am not in a state of mind at this moment to tell you my history. If I told you now you would think me moro mad than my presence here at this time gives you reason to suppose I am. Iu a proper time and place I will tell you all.” “ Before you speak to my daughter ?” “ Yes.” Upon that we separated without another word. I greatly regretted this meeting with Sir Henry and the avowal it had led me to make. Eor ardently ai I desired to meet Mi3s Duncan, and .put my fate in her hands—a desire that was now made moro urgent by Sir Henry’s hint that he hud a richer husband in view, and the fear that by delay I might lose her—I felt that I must do my duty by my faithful little friend, and provide for Psyche’s future happi ness before I considered my own. I muBt wring a confession of tiro mysterious crime from my grandfather, and find the girl’s family. I had promised not to abandon her, but without that promise my heart would never have suffered me to go away from her, aa she pathetically put it, until I had found tlioso who had a right to take my place aa her guardian and dearest friend. If Sir Henry Duncan thought fit to question my grandfather abont the fortuno I had acquired, the old rascal, discovering my escape, would, to avoid unpleasant conse quences tohimaelf, gpt out of the way before X could draw a confession from him. I reflected also that Mrs. Beukam or the tele graph boy might spread the nows of mv return in Bouport, aud that this would speedily reach Old Peter's ears and put both the old rascals on the alert However, 11101*6 was one simple way of securing my grandfather, and that was to forest ill others by tackling him at tho very earliest hour. With th« detcimmatimi to go over .to the Halfway-house eb soon as it got light I returned to the cottage and lay down without taking off my clothes, that I might not oversleep myself. Nevertheless, it was broad daylight and past 6 o’clock when I awoke, and theu it was only Fiyche’s cry of delight from the next room that awmsed me. The canary was singing. “ Hark, the little caw,” ahe cried. I bade her sleep again until I called her, and slipped noiselessly out of the house, fearing my going would trouble her if she knew it. Looking down to the shore from the cliff at Headman’s Point I saw the waves bursting over the scattered rocks where we had risen from our burrow tbc day before. The great blocks were so closely thrown together Siat it was impossible to uistinguiah the exact spot, and I knew that by this time the sea had washed in the Hind and effaced all sign of our work. It seemed to mo now hardlv possible that we two could have been lying to&ing; under that fallen cliff for over four months. Something unplea santly akin to a thirst for vengeance possessed me ns I neared the Halfway-hotjse and thought of the old villains who had doomed me to per petual imprisonment thcro, aud who had robbed poor Psyche of all that makes youth and life worth having. Turning the handle softly! found that the door was locked. The blinds were drawn down. Over the window pane I had broken to get into the place on the day of my capture a. sheet of brown paper had been pasted. I wetted my lingers, struck it in the middle, and made a hole through the brown paper without noise. My grandfather was stumping about in the washhouse, for this was about the hour when he sent down our break Fast. Taking ad vantage of the noiee he made, I tore down the brown paper, slipped by arm through, aud un fastened the eaten. The next minute I had the sash up, and the minute after that I was stand ing in the little parlour. The washhouse door was closed. X opened the door silently, and found my grandfather in front of me, leaning over the well with the cord in his baud. For just one moment mv lingers itched to slip that cord round his neck and pitch him down the well. He was whistling lustily—a signal which either Psycho or I usually answerea at once. “Can't make the beggars bout," he mut tered ; “ in gen’al they cornea fast enough for their grub, aud it's a lucky day when that gallus Bernard don't holler out forestry*.*’ He left off muttering, and recommenced whistling and jerking his cord. “ What’s the m irror wi’ you, arc you hill ?” he roared. After waiting a minute or two he drew up the huckot to see if it had been emptied. When it came up full he .set it on the edge of the well and scratched his head. “ Good Lord, if oueon ‘era'sdead i” he mur mured ; and then looking round in the scared way of those whose consciences are ill at ease, he caught sight of ino standing within a couple of paces of him. His jaw dropped, his face turned grey, his eyes started from their sockets, and ho staggered back to the wall, stretching out his quivering bauds to keep me off. His old jaw closed and fell as he attempted to speak, and his breath caught in his parched windpipe ’ with a click at each respiration. At length lie gasped out: “God forgive me if I ever done you harm. Lord knows I’ve ulust done for the best ac cording to my lights. ’Twnsn’t me as put you down. Father’s got to answer for all that—a gallus, wicked old man. I’ve supplied ye reg’lar—denied ye nothin’.” Ho broke oft with a choke, terrified out of his wit3 by my silence and immobility. Theu he gasped again, loosening his nookcloth with one mind and motioning me back with the other: “For God’s sake, speak—tell me you’re not lus spook—tell me I haven’t murdered my ttukey’s boy.” 