OUR FIR8T PREMIER. CBtF.F.] I wUl accept ' Red Gauntlef d- ' chal lenges, and begin with bn first, proceeding Meriatim. The term 'The Leader in thi CounoO' pre-suppoees a party, and it should be well-known Out tiie form of Government which has prevailed here has admitted of no naoriv nolBaas : titesaCi** *tn say 'that Mr. Forrest has never at any time been the leader in the Council' is a. challenge »t»W» «|jiH^fif^ i^anif iy ^mTcfo^p The intention of the assertion is, however, evidently to bring into relief the —ifapnmr by which Mr. Parker has been A~ypu-tf(i as 'Leader of the Opposition*' — ~s°nnmrr because under tiie present form of Govern ment no opposition, in the eidinarity re ceived political sense of the term, jensts. The hands of the Executive, or Govem mant, have been strengthened in debate with the elected membeisof the Legislative Council, and they have by their indepen dent action assisted as often as opposed tile motions which are merely proposed by the Executive ; therefore tiie atmest responsi bility tint Mr. Parker incurred as a leader, has been the ?'-»»»'J one of leading £he elected members, a veritable fdnecare,«nd a small tribute due to seniority of member ship, and to the quondam, representative of the Capital— a position attained not «e much by any paiticnlar merit as by the 2.— Therumour-'thatsome disagreement existed between Mr. Forrest and his colleagues,' if it bean at all on the matter in hand, should surely tather ^^'niM^ the credit which -* Red Gauntlet ' bestows' on him for certain alleged mistakes of tiie Government, than serve to warrant tiie whole blame of any action of the Executive being thrast on his shoulders. It may be coueeived tiiatina council of six. «ne mem bernrightbemaminoritywithcanseqatBDcei more possibly aSeoting the relationdnp of Oie member Sintxting with tbe rest than their decision. Bat, ' Red Gauntlet ' having imported this 'rumour 'to support his argnment of Mr. Forrest's wnfitTicwi for keeping a party together, and as an instance of his discordant proclivities, forgeteits inconsistency wi&'bia subse quent deductions. . 3.— Besides having now shown the in consistency of this point by ' Red Gaontiet' and that if itaopues in tiie one place, it; cannot in tiie other, I will absolutely refate' the charge or even insinuation of iK; Foriest's inabDitj to work harmoniously with his colleagues, and at the same ««iy establish hiB claim to that small, but ex pressive of much, word tact which 'Bed Gauntlet' denies him. The lamentable friction between the late Governor and the Surveyor General is a well-known event in the past annals of the colons': here was, indeed^an opportunity for a man of discords man without a due sense of decomm,* man wanting in tact to upset everything in few D»wer, to create afai&aad; distorbaace, to call down obloquy, shame aad vencaanaei bat we find that Mr. Forr«TPuriSedU« even tenonr of his official course throughont the imequal straggle, and the evnr was only marked by an ample apology to him at the hands of his adversary. 4\. — It seems superfluous to explain to'Red Gauntlet' wherein Mr. Forrest's claim to the Premiership is greater than that of Sir Malcolm Fraser, the Attorney General or Mr. Wright. It lies in that none of th**e gentlemen intend *»K«g part iu political life herein the future, and where no claim is setup no claim exists. On theother hand, Mr: Eocrestdoes intend to take an active part in politics, and is consequently the senior member of the Executive so intend ing. UnderthepresentConstitution,more over, ihe Surveyor General always takes precedence of the Director of Works. 5\. — I .do- not intend to attempt to dispar age Mr. Parker's chum, though I cannot endure fabhood and misrepresentation to walk naked and im checked. For instance, Mr. Parker, and not Mr. Forrest, was on that very committee appointed to consider the distributiun of tiie loan money, which' is one of 'RedGauadefs' causes of ob jection to Me. Forrest. Mr. Parker also abows himself capable at 'rm^ging Ins views and aspirations in a facile manner hardly calculated to inspire thatcoufidenoa which should repose in a loader of politic*! life. Witness ids letter to Us constituente at the Vasse and his abandonment of the advocacy of the B&yswater-Bunbury; Rail way, which fee introduced himself as a measure into the CounciL But it is far Prrun nm luliiil inii 4v* »«wi*a %T» TTW ??- ?? — 1.. is a man we are proud «f, but he is not as 'Bed Gauntlet' would have us believe— JMmarailftte. Korean I aee what consulates bis great claim to tbe positaon of tint Premier. I have explained his pntrition of leader of elected members, which may be a small claim, but certainly no qualification. I know of no inatjnff or beneficial legisla tion which we canattributetohis foresight alone, or of any other patriotic or higfa minded action for whish he deserves all oar thanks. Surely no one regards his delegation to England as any chum, still less a quali fication; and sol say, that while an able maa. and doubtless if he continnss iu active politics a future Premier, I cannot flee why this claim to the honor ef first Premiership should be set up for him. Of course «' Red Gauntlet ' has never beard of tiie many things which Mr. For rest feas done .for tiie colony, bat it might be mentioned that he, too, represented the colony in Kngrawri. in coajouction with Mr. Sep. Bart, at the Imperial Con tereaos, a voluntary andcrataitoas mission, pot however without xte good *ffecte on JheooUmy. Even recently Mr. Forrest has shown that none of his old energy to choose the beat mate to tbe fields, |thau whom there was none better able, nor jfaas bis report recently issued met ?rath that universal disapprobation which Doe would hare expected to have been toeorded to the member of a Government tyaical of ' njtrenohment, retrogression. raciMation and procrastination.' 6\. — All appointments under this Consti tution are lander the patronage of the Gov srnor, and to attempt to throw this respon «bility on Mr. Fenest or the Executive officers, is as unjust and contemptible as the pest of « Red Gauntlet's' letter, and this Remark apntiea to the whole of that para graph citus; as 'Ghosts to sapport Mr. rorresfschumaU the past fnisfortunM of fcb* colony,' as thoogh he alone, or even in part, as Car as we know, were responsible, |At any rate that will be a matter for the newly- electad members to decide, aad not tor any person it die 'Red *^*«fM- ' fVyci vw v «????? . wwu hb -v*WH- ifWff|Kirii js gathering round Mr. Forrest, and there is reason to believe it is steadily and sucely toproachingbim.. It is also rumoured that fb. Parker is not being offered '''^ sup part, and is .content T» abide the issue, jaittunt troubiing himself mnch in tbt ?natter. ~ -r : In fins, 'Red Gauntlet's' first letter, the forerunner of that extravagance of {partisanship to viuch this peaceful colony has hitherto been a stranger, was treated too seriously by Hbe moderate though un assailable answer it ieceived-nd it brooked no further «lfpjp»ig of mud, still . Jess another answer, fiat a challenge, however feeble, should be accepted, or it may puff itself op by reason of its vary frailty. The glove has been thrown down and picked up. Two months will prove tiie victor. 