MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. Bs ff.fiP." inrar begin by stating that I never d for parrots—in fact, as a child, I dis- -tly feared and disliked them. One <&. earliest recollectionsis that of a parrot' by on* ol. mVj»unta Tvfcomjt.often thought I might venture to tease poor Polly, so, creeping under the table, I very gently pulled its taiL Deeply moved and incensed by this insult, Polly flew straight at me and bit my finger. I acknowledged the justice of the punishment; still, in fright and pain, I screamed aloud, when my aunt and name flew to fé&ttos; «fid restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight at me, and trim to peck my eyes out and bit my cheekB ; it never forgot nor forgave the injury, but tried to bite me whenever it was loose, flying at me and pecking wherever it could, all at last it became a sort of nightmare and terror to me,and I repented mein tears of the wrong I had committed against it Full of years and hatred, it at last yielded up the ghost, to my peace of mind and its mistress's regret. Hie next parrot I became acquainted with did nothing to exalt his race in my eyes. He belonged to a sea captain, and we came across him in lodgings at the seaside. Ris language was profanity itself, and besides that he was a tale-bearer. "Bobert kissed the cook; olvfie!" waB screamed out- by him suddenly one day, and by this a discovery wa§ made of a love i^tory, which " shook the pUtajfe of domestic peace a j-salous housemaid having taught him the phrase. I always think of this parrot asa "him," for I should be grieved to think of asy respectable lady-bird disgracing herself and sex by very " big, big D's " tliat unrighteous bird used daily. My third parrot friend was a grey one, and belonged to Admiral Blank—also a seagoing bird, but flow different had been his education ! He was a thorough gentleman, full of conversation on many topics, clever at whistling, and able to sing a good song when, occasion offered. It was in the Brazils I met him. We all lived in a lovely garden attached to the hotel, where separate little houses were built, each with sitting and bed rooms, crcircling to the requirements of tlis guests. We had one house and Admiral Blank another, and Polly used to spend his time in a large cage perched up in a tree, where lie was very happy and conversational, and became quite friendly with me as I gave him fruits and other delicacies. Now, there was a huge negro slave, upwards of six feet high, as black as a coal, but a great swell, attired always in most spotless lily-white duck suits and a tall white hat, who was told off to attend to these garden houses. His name was " White," on the' lucus a rum lucendo prin ciple, I presume, and "White! White 1" might often be heard shouted through the garden in the stentorian tones of Admiral Blank; when White would fly with an obedient start from tlie kitchen of the hotel hard-by. One morning I had seen the admiral start off, resplendent in uniform, and knew he was gone ; I was surprised, therefore, to hear "White! White !" called in his tone of voice. I could not understand it, as 1 had never left the garden since he went away and had not seen him return. Neither could White. He came running and' perspiring, went to Admiral Blank's house, and then looked about the garden, but could not find him. Then, supposing he had made a mistake, he returned to the ivory- teethed,grinning, black laundry maids, in "the courtship of whom he had been interrupted. "White! White 1" once more resoundedthrough the gardens, this time in very angry tones. White came in fear and haste to* find—no one ; and the illusion was repeated several times that day. I speedily discovered that Polly was the caller, and, alas! next day EO did White, and in his anger and spite he would have killed the bird had I not been there to protect him. Many a fruitless run did Polly give him after that, for masters's " White ! " and Polly's " Whitê ! " were absolutely indistinguishable. Soon after this it fell to my lot to be possessor of two parrots, and bitterly I rebelled against the decree. It happened thus : We went to India, and I was completely fascinated by the Crowds of green parrots we saw in the plains. It was a never-failing source of delight to me to see them flying in flocks, often hundreds at â time, with the rays of the descending sun glistening on their emerald-green plumage; or to see a tree destitute of leaves made green by reasonof the multitude of parrots, that had settled on its brandies ; or again, at sunset, to see the green parrots fljrtng about the white marble minarets of the glorious Taj-Mehal,ordarting about, frolicking in the expiring rays. To me they were the most lovely of India's birds. One scene connected with parrots is, from its perfect beauty, often present in my mind. At a certain residency, one of the finest in Northern India, there is a fountain constantly playing, and in the early morning the parrots gather together in vast numbers to drink and bathe m its running waters and basin. To see their graceful curves and upward flights before dashing through and just skimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in 60 doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living happiness difficult to surpass. The parrots at this residency are almost tame, for every morning four or five caged ones are let loose to lie fed, and down come all the wild ones to share their feast Tlie early morning is the time to see these birds at their brightest and beEt At tlie first, glimpse of the rising sun they forsake their" night's resting- places and "fly shrieking forth in search of food, and On many a tree they may be seen pulling "off the preciGus berrifes and fruits. Alas ! the mahli's (gardener's) heart does not warn to parrots, for their nature is to work destruction wherever they go, and they pick off and destroy far more than they eat—as the unripe mangoes lying at the foot of a mangoe tree will testify. Seeing my admiration of and enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, with whom I was stopping, decided it would be nice for me to have two to take back to England with me. In vain I representedto them that it was the beauty and life of the wild ones I admired, and that I thought caged ones would be sorry representatives of their kind." But no, the fates would have it otherwise. Some misguided parrots builftheir nest in a hole in the saddle-room wall, and some. of the young birds were taken out and brought into the house. . When I inspected them I could hardly believe they were parrots. They looked like veiy , yellow, ugly,, 6kiiiny frogs with white cl&ftre; .and a red ' lieplc End ritit a vestigg 6f-a and ; mrt#firiniy than ever I degUned to have ' anything to say to them. However, théy were" put in a basket and fed every two hours on a system of dough pills poked down their throats and washed down with water, and to my disgust I was expected to assist them to these delicious repasts. To add to my troubles one day a man arrived last stage of exhaustion starvation, so wè fed them all and said we would buy some, and returned tlie others. The man sent back a polite message that now we had touched the birds, it would break his caste to take them back, and. .Unless we would buy them all he most kill them. We felt grieved to think of their untimely fate, so purchased the whale family; though it was no light matter to contemplate staffing sis more birds with pills— the young birds were even uglier than our own, though the parent birds were lovely, bright green with red on each winé, and a red ting round the neck. Well, the time ibr my departure arrived, and I said nothing about the parrots, and fondly hoped they had been forgotten ; When as the tram was about to move off, -up came a servant with a little cage containing two young birds and a brown paper parcel containing dough. I felt a good deal, but politeness made me offer the best thanks I could muster up in my vexation. Off we started, and very soon the birds began to make a crooning noise—a sound I had learned to detest, for it meant that they were, hungry and that the time had arrived for the dough to be utilised. With a bad grace I took them ou my lap, opened their bills, turn about, and poked the boluses down. At last tlie " Torpedo " took a header amongst my skirts, a sign tliat he was satisfied, and the "Whale" rolled Jiis eyes and looked as if he werp ion. "above were th|*fÏBxiih M tjK^iew protégés, the Torp^fr^fctVing £«Md hi soubriquet by his singular habit of bolfc- Jtèadforemost, anywhere and in anvthe moment he hafl» eaten enough, •tfas a -popular song -jfcomejpears ago "*' The Torpedo ani name followed though I had never baM! ~al was the beginning administered abonf^ë^y DÔttïï' âay fend night for some days, when équité suddenly Torpedo put on an entirely new suit of the vivïdest green with long blue tail-feathers, which with his little bright red bill transformed him from being ugly to a thing of beauty ; and one day, at Watson's Hotel, Bombay, he suddenly flew from the balcony right round the room, so, in feàf iest hë should fly away, I ttut his wing. The Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They still required feeding with the pills. The voyage home they performed in a basket, and Torpedo became eo tame, he would follow me about the ship like a little dog. At this time they acquired a habit of shrieking ear-piercing yells. They reached England in sommer, and seemed very well while the warm : weather lasted ; but suddenly intensely cold frosty weather set in with sleet and snow, and the poor parrots looked and seemed miserable. One night the thermometer sank to 28 degrees below zero. About eleven o'clock at night I heard the little Torpedo rustling about and trying to get out of its cage. So I took it to the lire, warmed and fed it, and it wait fast asleep on my knee. At last I put v it back in its cage, covered it well up, and went to bed. The next morning my Ôennan housemaidcame to my bedroom and said, " O^ madam, I have such ferry bad: news to gif yon. You villbe so sony." I conjured her to tell me the worst at once, but she kept me in suspense some time longer, repeating how grieved I should be, and at last handed me a newspaper parcel containing my little Torpedo lying dead. It appears she found tlie poor little soiil on the floor with its head between a bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright I tried to revive it in eveiy way by putting it near tlie fire, &c.;, but all in vain—life was extinct It is now stuffed and under a glass case, but it has lost all hold on my affection, as it is not one whit like my living, saucy, loving, mischievous Torpedo. Tlie Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved in position. He was allowed to sit in the upper places of his immense cage, whereas in the time of the late lamented Torpedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; had all the tit- bits to eat and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red feathers on bis wings and a rosy ring around bis neck; his temper became genial, and he learned the noble art of conversation, and, to the servants' delight, called them all by their names. Both parrots had a wonderful facility for making themselves respected, but at tiîe same time ingratiating themselves with other animals. - Many a time I have gone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, but the whole floor swarming with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge Mount St Bernard dog, and a canary, and amongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo and the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front of the fire, the parrots would calmly pinch his toes or his tail till he made place for them ; and the kitten and parrots played games together, rolling overand over. The Whale, amongst other accomplishments, possessed a love of music, and whistled ju6t like the canary. He also greatly enjoyed my music when I played, but he preferred scales and exercises, his taste being purely classical. Whenever I began the former he would climb up my dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter about just as if he -were taking a bath. Then one by one he would abstract my hairpins, till at last my hair would fall down, and in that he would plunge and bathe with extreme relish. This was not an amusement he was often permitted to indulge in, however; At this time we had a "buttons," Robinson by name, who was the cross of everybody in the house except bis master, who continually took his part, and explained that all his shortcomings arose from too much petticoat government in the kitchen. One day the Whale 'feaB muttering to himself a good deal, and at last clearly delivered himself of the following: "Bobinson, Robinson ! whatever are you doing, you bad boy I You're a very naughty boy. Go to bed at once, sir ! Do you hear? and this exactly in the cook's voice; and he used to scold Robinson loudly in other words also, showing the frequency of the thing in his hearing in the kitchen where he lived. He loved to be out in the garden, and would climb a tree with great agility and joy, pulling much of the bark off as he ascended. He and tlie Torpedo entirely picked to' pieces and demolished a favourite wicker armchair Which my mother-in-law had given us to keep, and that she greatly valued, which was sad ! We decided upon revisiting India, and the question arose, What was to become of the Whale? He had many English hearths and homes at his disposal, for be had endeared himself to many people by his winning ways and clever talk. But we resolved to let him once more enjoy the gorgeous East and thescenesofbisearly youth. So we got a small (age, cut off his long tail so that he might fit in, made a red baize cover to show off his complexion—I mean his green feathers—bought some bird seed, and there was Polly, au grand complet for the voyage. He liked the sea, and was very hilarious, talking and whistling away and making friends with everyone. He used to sit perched up on my deck-chair, while everyone brought him dainties frcm table arid, the various ports we stopped at There was an actress on board, the celebrated Mile. Dash, " the Sylph of the Arena." She was not a favourite in the ship. She was loud in her dress, speech, and manners, and of a thirsty temperament One day she had fallen sweetly asleep on a deck-chair, with her mouth wide open and snoring, with a most lavish display of flesh-coloured silk stockings. I saw the Whale observing her, and presently, before I could catch him, he climbed down my cliair, skumed across the deck, - and climbed up her shiny shoes and pink silk legs. It must really have been very painful for her, as his claws were very sharp. She woke up with a loud scream of bitterest anguish, and I hurried up to apologise and to rescue her from her awkward position. I regret to say that—so •much the worse for human nature—many of the passengers rejoiced loudly at, her misfortune. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and we arrived at Madras. There, at the end of our sitting-room, was an immense verandah, and - here the Whale lived, pleased to renew his acquaintance with sugarcane, but disgusted with the ants and crom . His .food -had constantly to be «hanged on account of the torcae*, and the latter nsad to come and éat his bread and.-water; then hisroge and fury were terrible to witness, and all thé scolding he had learned, intended for Eobinson, he levied at their heads, and finally learned to caw exactly like they did. Sere we set up Madrasse "boy," and he kept that unfortunate servant pretty busy running about as he learned to call "boy!" both in his Blaster's and mistress's voice. He visited Calcutta, Ceylon, and various places in India, and gained health, strength, and new words in his native land, and learnt to flatter me by calling out "Pretty,pretty" whenever he saw me. During his residence at the above-mentioned nortberp presidency for fwreath, refused all food except whatThe took from my lips, fluffedup his feathers, and looked pitedusly at me for help; he seemed perfectly miserable except when perched upon my hand, the only time he ever seemed to sleep, and in spite of everything we tried, he expired one morning, to our great grief. We felt as if we had lost a dear friend, and truly we had, for be had cheered us up in many a gloomy moment by his cheery and affectionate ways. " He was buried in a lovely garden bright with varied and fragrant clusters of blossoms—a fit resting-place for such a child of nature. 