Ghost Stories. By STUART CUMBERLAND. Almost every imaginative person has, at some time or other, seen ghosts ; but how few have at the moment taken steps to ascertain the exact composition of their ghostly visitors. Most people, when they fancy they see a ghost, pop their heads under the bedclothes — for "spooks" generally come when one is sleepless in bed — or jump up and strike a light. By the time the trembling mortal has had sufficient courage to peep from beneath the blankets, the "ghost" will in all probability have gone ; whilst it stands to reason that visitors from the other world, who choose to appear at their best in the darkness of midnight, are averse to having the light of a candle or gas thrown upon them. Some people of a militant disposition have been known to throw boots at a ghost's head. But this practice is not to be commended ; for it not only serves to drive the ghost away, but it is liable to cause unexpected damage to the bedroom crockery. "Spooks" require far more considerate treat- ment, and they should at all times be ap- proached philosophically. A ghost does not like to see people bury their heads under the bed- clothes, or have heavy boots thrown at him the moment he appears. It is true he invariably chooses a most unearthly hour for making his call, and he dispenses with the formalities of knocking or asking your permission to come in, but all the same he is a visitor who probably has something important to communicate, otherwise, I presume, he would not take the trouble to put in an appearance, and should be treated with consideration. Like the hare that is to be served up in so many tempting ways, you must first catch your ghost before you can analyse him ; but these ghostly visitants are more difficult to catch than the fleetest of hares, and no matter how vigilant a man may be, the "spook" he seeks to capture always manages somehow or other to elude his grasp. There is a wariness about "spooks" that does not speak very well for their confidence in mortals. They certainly come within speaking distance, but they seldom come within grasp- ing distance. Indeed, outside of the spiritual- istic seances, when the "spirits" are of the earthy, whoever heard of a man taking a ghost by the hand ? Is it because they are afraid of contamination, or what? For my part I give it up. I, too, have had my moments when I have seen "ghosts." On one occasion I had been to a seance, where the form of one "Skiwaukee," an Indian brave, was materialised. He did a war dance, gave a loud whoop, brandished a tomahawk to the consternation of the less experienced sitters, who thought every moment he was bent upon scalping someone, and then disappeared behind a black curtain, which screened the medium, through whom he was produced, from the circle. I could not get sufficiently near to the "shade" to see what he was composed of, but he looked very material, and the tarnished con- dition of his apparel gave one the impression that he had either traveled a long distance without changing his clothes, or had on his arrival in London picked up some disused theatrical properties cheap. But, to be frank, "the form" made an im- pression on me all the same. For he knew his business, and his war dance alone was worth the money I paid for the entire exhibition. On my return home I thought a good deal about this "spirit." Indeed, I found it ex- tremely difficult to get him out of my mind, and when I went to bed he still haunted me. I remember waking up from a fitful sleep with his last and loudest war whoop in my ears ; and looking into the semi-darkness, I thought I saw his jet-black eyes staring at me. I involuntarily closed my eyes, and when I opened them again, he was gone. But at the same moment I felt the bedclothes being dragged off me, and the thought that he might do me to death with his tomahawk flashed through my mind. I was but half awake, yet I was sufficiently conscious to debate within myself at which point he might begin the attack. Red Indians, I knew, invariably went for one's scalp [?]ock, and I covered my head with my hands. But the clothes seemed to be dragged from the bottom ; and fancy pictures of a demoniacal redskin cutting off my toes and dangling them at his girdle presented them- selves to me. I shivered and turned cold, and did my best to remember my prayers, and forgot the evils of my life. But at the same time I became more wide-awake, and better able to criticize the situation. And what did I discover? Simply that in my half-dreamy state I had been un- consciously dragging off the bedclothes with my own foot ; which fact I, through my mind being so taken up with the fancied apparition of the materialised brave and the fears begot by his presence, had omitted to notice. Needless to say I — metaphorically a hundred times, and actually once or twice— punched my head for my folly, and then fell asleep to dream of people who pulled the clothes off their beds, and were silly enough to imagine it was the work of "spirits." On another occasion on which I saw a "ghost" I was staying at an hotel at Great Grimsby. My nerves were out of order, and I positively started at my own reflection in the ponderous looking glass as I entered the gloomy bedroom in which I was to sleep. It seemed a fit room for ghostly visitors, and before I jumped into bed I, by the dim light of a splattering candle, made a thorough search of the bed, the heavy hanging curtains, the cumbrous chest of drawers, and the white-shrouded dressing table. For, in my nervousness, I was fully prepared to see either a burglar with black mask and jemmy jump out and confront me, or a muslin clad "spook " jibber at me from every corner into whioh I looked. I was, as may be expected, not in a par- ticularly easy state of mind when I eventually found myself between the sheets. For a while I lay watching a ray of moonlight which managed to creep through a hole in the window blind, before which I every moment expected a "full clad form " would disport itself. But nothing appeared, and finally I got tired of gazing at the solitary moonbeam, and, with a look round the room, I turned on my side and fell asleep. It was a case of to sleep, to sleep, but not to rest, with a vengeance. For I tossed about, not only physically, but mentally, and voices seemed to be sounding in my ears. "Look up ! look up !" they seemed to say, "and you will see a ghost," and the "ghost" I was called upon to see had some connection with the noble house of Y. It, so far as I could gather in my confused mental state, was a family ghost of high character and noble in- stincts, who took it upon himself to appear at irregular intervals for the purpose of letting Lord Y. know there was still a ghost in the family. Eventually I did look up, and there, sure enough, standing to my right, was a shadowy form, attired in clothes of the Georgian period. He looked at me solemnly, and, in my fancy, I could even see the rolling of his eye. His body appeared to be lost in shadow, his face, head, and shoulders only being visible. I had sufficient presence of mind to ask my- self whether it was a subjective or an objective form that I saw, and the necessary readiness to put the matter to a test. I looked at the "ghost." He was still there, or rather his head was. Then I placed my hands before my eyes to shut him from my sight. But he was still there ; and this con- clusively proved that the creature was but a phantom of my own brain. I rubbed my eyes, and there was an end to the form ; and soon after I fell asleep. The next morning I questioned myself as to the cause, and elicited two important answers, each one in itself sufficient, under the circum- stance, to explain the appearance of any ghost. Firstly, I had been reading in the newspapers an account of Dr. Jessop's encounter with an alleged "spook," which "spook" I found bore a striking likeness to the one my fancy had conjured up. Secondly, I had eaten just before going to bed a very tough Welsh rare- bit, and had drunk a glass of hot brandy and water, the result being a violent attack of indi- gestion. Anyone anxious to see ghosts will find the above an excellent recipe. My last interview with a "spook" took place but a few months back. I was on a visit to the high sheriff of one of the Midland counties, who has the distinguished honor of possessing a family ghost. It is not the ghost of any of his ancestors, but one that he purchased with tho house, the pictures, and the fixtures generally. It is a well bred "spook," and so far as I can learn, never seeks to molest or in any way annoy the present occupants of the home of his forefathers. But he is exceedingly particular all tho same, and strongly resents any infringement of his just rights, which consist of being allowed a permanent tenancy, rent free, of the room in which he, whilst in the flesh, was done to death. He apparently has no objection to anyone entering the room in which he was murdered, or examining in the daytime the boards upon which his life blood was spilled, but he has the greatest objection to the room being occupied at night, and in variably manages to make it exceedingly uncomfortable for those who are rash enough to sleep therein. It was my fate to occupy this room on the occasion of my visit. I had heard all about the murder, which oc- curred, I believe, during the civil wars, and I felt a great compassion for the murdered man ; all the same, I, truth to tell, had a morbid curiosity to make his ghost's acquaintance. I sat writing a while on reaching my room, without getting the slightest indication of the ghost being at hand ; but, thinking per- haps he had an objection to the light, I brought my correspondence to an abrupt termination, and tumbled into bed. I lay awake for fully an hour, watching the glow from the fire play upon the pictures on the wall, and then, feeling tired of watching, I closed my eyes in sleep. How long I slept I do not know, but it was sufficiently long to enable me to picture the entire act of the terrible tragedy which had, more than two centuries before, been perpe- trated in that very room. I saw the lifeblood welling from the mur- dered man's side, dyeing the boards as it fell. I heard his cry of agony and tho sound of the murderer'B retreating footsteps, and then I awoke. The fire had by this time burnt very low ; but a tongue of flame darted through the thick iron bars of the ancient grate, and fell upon the bloodstains on the floor. It was as if they had been suddenly renewed with human blood, so fresh and bright did they in that moment appear. I should not in that moment have been sur- prised had I seen the writhing form of the dying man upon the floor, or had his ghost suddenly formed himself out of the surround- ing gloom and stood in front of me. Nothing, however, was visible. But all at once a weird rattling sound was heard, followed by a series of loud knocks, which echoed strangely in that silent room. "They are forcing the door," I thought, "and now will follow the murder scene." I had hardly formed these words in my mind, when something close to the dressing-table fell with a sharp rattle. Then for awhile all was silent again. Presently the rasping, bumping noises were again heard, and looking in the direction from which they appeared to come, I saw a pair of fiery red eyes fixed upon me. The sight, to use a vulgarism, gave me a decided "turn," whilst it, at the same time, had a certain fascination for me. I was now wide awake, and perfectly conscious of every- thing around me ; and I was determined to see the thing through. A heavy candlestick fell by my side, and grasping it, I determined to launch it at the owner of those blood-red eyes. They were fixed on me with the fascinating stare of a snake, and they moved not when I lifted up the candlestick preparatory to throw- ing it. I throw it, and my aim was good, for a loud squeal followed the throw. I struck a light, and saw— what, reader, do you think? A ghost ? No, the tail of a re- treating rat. — "The Vast Deep ; a strange story of To-day," by Stuart Cumberland. 