Cluldfftt's Mitttra. Folk-tales for Little Folk. BtUkcxxWjxx. Dear Little Folk, for whom these tales have been told, will not need to be reminded that Christmas is not far off now. The holidays are within hail almost. This is December, a month in the year consecrated in northern countries to story-telling. Old and young there gather near the fire — for though you youngsters here cannot understand it, the air becomes very cold, and go where you will on a frosty night yon feel chilly. To keep them selves warm people wrap themselves in thick clothes and furs if they have to go into the open air ; if they remain indoors they sit in a room where a blaring fire in the grate dispels the chilly breath of winter. In the evenings they have indoor games, and when tired of these the boys and girls listen to stories from the months of those who can tell them welL When summer comes, with long days and mild weather favourable for open-air games, there is an end of story- telling for a time. Here, however, whether the weather is pleasant all the year round, and the cold has never been bo keen,— out of a cutting cold wind, perhaps — as to drive us indoors, we have sat on die verandah week after week, nearly from the beginning till the end of the year. I am beginning to think you will be tired of me now, and at the end of the year I mean to make way for some one eke, or for better tales than I can tell you. Should these not be to your liking, those of you who love stories must apply to old people of your acqnaintance, and it will be a wonder if they cannot narrate legends such as yon have heard from me. Folk tales which have never been taken down still float about European countries, and some may have found their way here. I have one in my head uow I never saw in any book, and I cannot remember when I first heard it. So your fathers and mothers mav have stories about the part of the country they came from, which would interest you. AkL; them if they never heard tell of a strange black dog that used to scare wayfarers by appearing and disappearing suddenly iu lonesome roads, or abont old ruins. I remember more than one place in the south of Scotland that was said to be haunted by supernatural beings other than fairies. One where the narrators had really seen something was said to be -*a gey bogley bit'— a very fiendish place, where* a morder ha-J been committed, and the person who did it hanged— for the custom was to bang the offender where be did the deed— mi almost certain afterwards to be haunted by e. black dog. .Sometimes it stood in the way of a person, and if be avoided it no harm Col lowed, but if, as a tipsy Marfrwnritn once did, he tried to drive it out of the way, he lost his wits and died soon after. Then both ia (xennany and Europe stories arc told of wild horsemen and hounds, who are beard at night in tempestuous weather careering over nOl and dale in some awful hunt. Once a farmer near Lyine Regis in Dorsetshire had a dog spectre which haunted his house, but as he said it cost nothing, ate nothing, drank nothing, and interfered with no one he let it alone. One night when tipsy, and taunted about it, hejnade a rush at it with the poker. Upstairs went the dog, and the farmer after it. Justasitdisappeared out ofanattic window he fetched a blow at it, bat struck the ceiling and brought down a lump of plaster, with, it came a box of money, bo that the consideration and shelter it had received were well paid for. There used to be lots of stories about black dogs in Cornwall and Devon. Once a herds man who bad been oat late heard the baying of dogs behind him. His home was miles distant, and he ran towards it, bat the pack sained on liim Tfp glanced over his shoulder and saw the huntsman with fiery eyes, horns, and a tail, and dogs barking fire. Terribly frightened the immi fell on h»w knfM*w and prayed, whereupon the huntsman shouted 'Bo Shrove' — meaning the boy prays. All stood still a little and then vanished. Here is a story from the south west of Bh^htm?. THE HUNTED HARE. There is a place near our town called Heathfield, — a gloomy and solitary waste. Heathfield was then just such as evil spirits delight in ; where if people really Bee nothing, it is quite dreary and vast enough to fancy they see a great deal, which in these sort of mwa ib much t.ln» same tfr*'g. On WwAhfrM the devils dance ; I do not know who is the piper, as we have here no Turn o' Shanter to tell us ; but I suppose the company are not without musiciana to give them a few bints in the ?* concord of eweet sounds.' Now, as the old tale goes, there was, once npr-n a, tune— a T'f'iA of ?^?tinp which all tellers of Buch tales as mine should never fail to employ, as it sets aside any small cavQji that might arise from those awkward points in cgtrijng vtriLJQtCLs that depend on chronology — there was, once upon & tune, an old woman, and she made a Blight mistake, I do not know how, and got up at midnight, thinking it to be morning.. This good woman mounted her horse, and set o£,-panni£rs, cloak, and all, on her way to market. Anon she heard a cry of hounds, and perceived a hare rapidly noting towards her. The hare, however, took a turn, and a leap, and got on the top of the hedge, as if it would say : 'Come, catch me,' to the old wwnan. She liked such hunting &s; this very well, put forth her hand, secuied the game, popped it into the -panniers, covered it over, and rode forward.' She had not gone far, when great was her alarm on perceiving in the midst of the dismal and solitary waste of Heathfield, advancing at full pace, a. head less horse, bearing a 'black and grim rider, with horns sprouting from under a little jockey cap ; and having a cloven foot thrust into oue stirrup. He was surrounded by a pack of hounds, thus noticed by Mary Colling: - - ? .... '01 hounds on Beatfafidd seen tome, Witti faomM beads and bnung eytaT ? They had, according to tradition, toDs too, that whisked about and ehoneOikc fire,: mud the air itself had* strong eulphureous acenf . These were signs not to be mistaken, and die poor old woman knew in a moment -that huntsman andhounds were taking a ride from the regions below. But it soon appeared that, however clever the devil might be, he was no conjurer ; for he very civilly asked the old lady if she could set him right, and point out which way the hare was flown ? Probably she thought it no harm to return the father of lies an answer in his own coin, eo she boldly cave him a negative; and ^ be rode on, nooung suspecting the cheat. When he was ont of sight, she soon perceived the hare in the panniers begin to move, when to her utter amazement arose a beautiful youu£ lady, ail in white, who thus addressed her preserver : 'Good dame, I admire your .courage ; and thank you for the kindness with which you have saved me from a state of suffering that must not be told to human eats. Do not start when I tell you that I am not an inhabitant of the earth. For a great crime «vmimittwl during the time I dwelt upon it, I was doomed, as a punishment in the other world, to be constantly porsued either above or below ground by evil Bpirits, until I could get behind their tails, whilst they passed on in search of me. ThiB difficult object, by your means, I have now happily effected ; and as a reward for your kindness I promise that all your hens shall lay two eggs instead of one and that your cows shall yield the most plentiful store of milk all the year round ; that you shall talk twice as much as you ever did before, and your husband stand no chance in any matter between you to be settled by the tongue. But beware of the devil, and don't grumble about tithes; for my enemy and yours may do you an ill turn when he finds oat yon were clever enough to cheat even him ; since, like all great impostors, he does not like to be cheated himself. He can assume all shapes, excepting the lamb and the dove.' The lady in white vanished, as all such white ladies ought to do ; the .old market woman found the beat possiule luck that morning in her traffic ; and to this day the s.tory goes in our town, that from the Saviour of the World having hallowed the form of the lamb, and the Hqly Ghost that of the dove, they can never be assuined by the mortal enemy qf the bprnan race under any ctrcum. Stances, ? The gold escort from Eidsvold, under charge of Inspector Lloyd, arrived at Mary borough on Thursday, with 2,673 oz. 13dwt. 16 gr. gold. 