GALVANISING A CORPSE. A DOCTOR DRIVEN MAD WITH FRIGHT, Among the most brilliant of the stu- dents of the Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernay. To a general adaptability to the science of medicine he added a coolness and nerve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the faculty and the envy of his fellow students. In the course of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which followed won an appointment as assis- tant surgeon at one of the smaller Dublin hosptals. He filled this posi- tion with, much success, his one fault being an insatiable thirst for scientific investigation, which led to a proneness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital staff, and Tiernay. exposed himself to no very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer, "When in doubt, always operate. One evening, some months after Tiernay had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends- his. former fellow-students at the university-were gathered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in sipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiernay to their hearts' content. And what do you-think was the subject of their chaff? Just this the death of a woman under the knife, with Tiernay a the surgical operator ! A woman in an advanced state of preg- nancy kad been admitted to. the hos- pital. . There were certain various com- plications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the hour of her confinement came it was evident that she could not survive, and-well, to put it bluntly - it was charged that, in the interest of certain specific data, Tiernay-had performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still alive. The assembled company listened with great interest to the medical points gleaned from this investigation, and then, their thirst for scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. Tired at last of chaffing Tiernay, the guests turned their conversation to the sub- ject of nerve power. Out of this con- versation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager Tiernay a supper at the Garter that he would not dare to go into the morgue -in the basement of the hospi- tal, where the body of the poor " victim'' lay, and sit for one hour be- side the corpse. Just as the clock struck 12 he was to rise, stand over the corpse, and repeat solemnly, three times in succession, " I command you to arise." Tiernay at first ridi- culed the proposition, but the challen- ger persisting, he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the sound of a bnig hospital clock was heard tolling out the midnight hour. Tiernay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over, the corpse. " I command you to arise." What was that ? Really he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense. Was he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerves ! Once more his voice rang out louder than before. " I commoner you to arise." Horror upon horror. There could be no doubt of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. With blanched face he tore back the sheet No, no-it could not have been. " I command you to arise." As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned "the victim" back to life. Two minutes later, when Tiernay's friends burst into the room they found him babbling and chuckling at the feet of thei corpse. His reason was gone ; he was an idiot ! Had the poor "victim" claimed her revenge! Had she been'momentarily gifted with the power to- confront her scientific murderer? 'No, there was no such sensational retribution as this ! After all, I am obliged to spoil my, ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the. truth. Tiernay was simply the victim of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at the critical moment galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results described followed. 