ON GOLDEN HINGES. By DORA. RUSSELL, Author of "Foofcprinta in the Snow," "Anna bel's Rival," "The Traok ol the Storm," &C;,i &o.; [Published by speoial arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. Chapter V.—(Continued.) CaBtle Hill was but tlirea mllea from Dlllford, the old squire's mortgaged acres joining the extensive property pnrchasad by the late Antony Despard. Thus from the time of Antony Despard'a death the most passionate wish of Mrs. Graham North's heart had been that her son should marry Katharine, and so join two great estates and bring her ready money to clear off the overwhelming swamp of debt that for two generations had hang over Dlllford. It was a bitterly cold day as Graham had said as these two drove along the frozen lanes that were to be his and hers. A bright cold frosty day, the ground hard as flint, the fallows whitened on each upturned ridge, the birds shivering among the leafless thorns, while the rongh her bage below each hedge was stiffened, and each blade fringed with a crystal rim. "Well, It is cold," said Katharine with a little Bhlver, drawing closer to Graham's side. Again ha looked at her charming face. " And you don't regret, Katharine," he said, In a low tone ; "yon are quite sure you don't regret the promise you made this morning ?" " I am quite sure," answered Katharine with much earnestness. "1—I—am happy, Graham, to think—that—that It Is settled." And she blushed. She looked very handsome at this mo ment. Her fine complexion was Improved by the clear frosty air, and her eyes were full of feeling. She was very happy, happy to think that she could do so much for the man she cared for and put all trouble away from him. This was her nature—a noble generous nature which never gave with a nfg^rd hand. Her uncle, Antony Despard, had ako been a veiy noble character. Whatever he had been In youth, when he entered the haven of old age the storms and struggles of life were all left behind. And he was a clever man, too, shrewd [and liberal-minded, and It was his knowledge of Katharine's nature, and bis great love for her that had Induced him to make Iher his heiress. He knew that his nephew, Frank, had the moat claim; he was the natural heir, but old Antony with his gentle grey eyes saw more than most people Imagined. He was quite ready to acknowledge Frank's good qualities ; the brave, fearless spirit that would face death and danger with a smile. But underlying this almost savage daring what else did he see ? Not, at all events, the pnre soul of Katharine. Frank Despard might be no worse than his fellows, but with great wealth In his power what would he be come? The old man asked himself this ques tion, and the answer was not satisfac tory. It lost his nephew Castle Hill and a great income. He left his wealth where he knew at all events it would do no harm, and he left it to Katharine. "If she likes to marry Frank," he thought, " she will have more influence over him as a rich woman than a poor one, and her Influence will always be good " He died with his hand In Katharine's, and died as only a good man can die. There were no pale, miserable ghosts by this death-bed—haunting shadows of ill deeds wrought long ago. Memories there were—the Bweet fade of his dead wife, of friends, hut gone before ; sweet memories of love and kindness and silent charities— these shone out of the darkening mists, and their reflection lingered on his face after he had ceased to breathe. Long ago he had lifed up hl3 eyes and beheld eternity before him; long ago, while yet amid the shallows, he had stretched out his arms to the great vast sea, and lived as a man lives who realises that he shall exist for ever. ' Bound the pale cold clay of such a man there are many monrners, and the girl who wept by his side, In whose hand his lay when his spirit flitted Into light, felt eo crushed down" by her grief that she scarcely heeded at first when they told her that all her uncle's great wealth had been left to her. No donbt the nobleness of his character had Influenced her, for Katharine had grown graver and more thonghtful since his death, and was always trying to do good and carry ont schemes that she thought he would approve of. One person, however, did not like to hear of her great generosity about money, and this was her eonsln, Francis Despard. Francis Despard had been disappointed about his uncle's will, but not made miserable by It. He had, In truth, made np his mind to marry Katharine, and, to do him justice, he would have married her had their positions been reversed ; that is, had Katharine been bequeathed the ten thousand left to him and he the twenty thousand a year of which Katharine was the heiress. But Katharine had not given her heart to her cousin Frank, though he never seemed to realise that this was so. She had chosen Graham North, and his very poverty made him a hundred times dearer to her. She was thinking as she sat by his side how she would put every thing Into his hands, how glad and happy she was that this great fortnne had come to her, and that all Graham's troubles would be ended now. And of what waB Graham thinking? He was thinking how he could love this woman, how he could make a friend and companion of her as well as a wife. She never wearied him; her bright Intelligence, her warm sympathlc heart delighted him, and yet—and yet "Why are you sighing, Graham?" she said, looking np in his face. " I was thinking how unworthy I am of you,"he answered, with a somewhat forced Bmile. " Yon ought to leave me to find that out," laughed Katharine. But now they had almost reached Castle Hill. The house stands on an eminence thickly planted with trees and evergreens, and a winding drive through these planta tions leads to the gateway. The house itself is most picturesque. It la com pletely covered with Ivy on one side, and below, through the trees, you see glimpses of the winding Dill. Antony Despard had erected a hand some stone bridge over the river after he had bought the property, and as they crossed the bridge some men below were breaking the ice for the cattle to drink. The Dill at this point frequently overflows the flat meadow-lands, and in winter when the floods come down from the hills rnBhes with great force through the arches of the bridge. But the severe frost of the night before had now almost frozen it over. 14 We Bhall hive some skating to-mor row, Katharine," said Graham. " Bnt unfortunately I can't skate," she answered smilingly. " You forget I wa3 brought up In India." As she spoke they neared the lodge, >and the lodgekeeper's wife ran to open the gates with a pleased smile on her face at the sight of Katharine, who had always a kindly word for everyone around her. Katharine nodded to the lodgekeeper's wife, and then aB Graham drove np the avenue they came suddenly upon a tall soldier-like looking man, who was walking leisurely down it, " Why, here Is Frank himself !" cried Katharine, and so Graham pulled up the ponies, and Captain Frank Despard ad vanced with a smile to shake hands with his consin. "Well, Katie," he said In a loud, pleasant voice ; " yon see here I am. My battery is on the wing, but I found I conld geb two days' leave, flo I thought you wouldn't turn me out; bat whea I got bare I found you flown." "Yea," said Katharine, blaahlng and smiling, "I am staying for a few days with my neighbors at Dlllford. I think, Frank, you know Mr. Graham North ?" And Katharine looked at Graham. "To be sure!" said Captain Daapard. "I thought I remembered the face." And he held out his hand to Graham ; a big, Btrong, bony hand, with a purple slash acroBB it that he had got In action. He was indeed in appearance the very beau-Ideal of a soldier; tall, strongly and brcadly formed, with a shorb, light curling hair cut[ close, with a heavy reddish moustache covering bis full Hps, His features were good, his complexion, origi nally fair, tanned a deep brownish hue, with a dash of red in lb, and he had wild, Ught-grey dartog eyes. He was past thirty [and had seen service, and had justly earned the reputation of a cool, brave soldier, but he was unfortunately slightly deaf. Not very deaf, but still it was a drawback to him in his profession, to which he was devoted, and this bodily infirmity was therefore a bitter pill to him. He stood now leaning on the pony carriage, and looking admiringly with his grey eyes in his cousin's face. "You are looking remarkably well, Miss Katie," he said. He always oalled her Katie. Old AntoDy Despard had given her this name, and his nephew had got into the habit of calling her by It, for during his uncle's lifetime he had spent all his leave at Castle Hill. So he leaned on the pony carriage and thought what a handsome woman she was, and also thought .what a remarkably nice place Castle Hill was. Nob that he wished to retire fiom the service and live a life of ease. He was too fond of his profession, too ambitious and stilling by nature, to settle down to a quiet domestic life by his wife's side, however fair Bhe might be. " Grim-vlsaged war," the stern fierce Bhoub of battle and triumph, thrilled his heart with deeper passion than the love of woman. But though hearb and soul a soldier, he yet had other strong feelings, and he had given all the sentiment of his nature—or what he called the sentiment— to Katharine Despard. (To be continued.) 