ln The Nick of Time. The Thrilling Experience of a Telegraph Operator. iss Inly ight telegraph operaor at the Floodwood lation, sat before her able, on which ta ,ph instrament busily, a n her face. Floodwood was a orlornly desolate spot nd one where any oman except hSly ould have been fraid to come, mneh ess to -stay alone at ight, with nothing bnt the «rind sadly sighing through the wires overhead, and the «hrill ytiyigfai of the wild cats away op on the mountain aide to keep her company through her nightly vigils. Bat to her there was "Something fascinating in the very desolation of the place. From early childhood die had been accustomed to commune with nature in the wildest Bcenes, and .played and wandered at will in the mountain. glens and capons. With no foolish old woman or silly nurse-girl to frighten her «frild W» sense with stories of - hideous ghosts and monstrous goblins, she had grown to womanhood natmally brave and fearless. In truth die didA not yet understand the meaningof tbeword Jear.- : Het offiioâ was nothing more _ than a 1 rooghly-built shanty, seven or eight feet Equate, with a email window in each end, and one In the door which faced the railroad traok. Zthad«een hurriedly put together with green lumber while the road was in coursent construction, with the intention of only asing it temporarily until a better one could be built, bnt as usual in such cases, it had done duty for its original purpose ever since. - The rough, nnpainted boards were now badly warped and shrunken by leng exposure to the elements, and in many places large knots had fallen completely out. No doubt in the winter time the bleak mountain wind cheerily whistled through these many apertures, and while one side of the unhappy operator was being nicely browned like a piece of toast by the red-hot stove, the-other side would be refrigerated like a frozen rabbit. It was about one o'clock in the morning when Lily received an order frcm the train despatcher, which read as follows : " To Operator, Floodwood.—Hold No. 21 nntil No. 22 arrives.—E.K.C." On receipt of this order she immediately displayed the red signal light, which is furnished all telegraph stations for this purpose, in a conspicuous place, in plain eight of passing traîne, and also where it could be seen from the oflioe window. The neoesBity for this order and £bsition of the two trainB, briefly stated, were aa follows : No. 22 had arrived at Sdver Creek, ten miles west of Floodwood, a few minutes after No. 21 had passed B?dwood, which was thirteen miles east of Floodwood. As No. 22 was late, and could go no further on the echedule, according to the rales of the toad, tbey would be compelled to lay at Silver Greek until No. 21 arrived there, unless they could get orders by telegraph to meet them at some other station. Floodwood baiog the only intervening telegraph office between the two trains, the despatcher gave the above order to thai elation, and as soon as it was properly acknowledged by Lily, he sent another order to No. 22 at Stiver Greek, which read in this menner : " To Conductor and Engineer, No. 22,— Meet Na. 21 at Floodwood. Approach carefully.—E. K. 0." The intelligent reader will readily understand that by means of these orders two trains wonld meet each other at Floodwood in perfect safety, notwithstanding that one of them knew nothing of the arrangement. To explain : If No. 21 should arrive first, they would be stopped by the red light which showed there were orders for them at the station. The conductor and engineer would immediately proceed to the telegraph offioe, where the operator wonld deliver them a cony of the order to hold them for No. 22. This would be suffioient,and they would wait until No. 22 arrived. If No. 22 should arrive first, the execution of the order would be yet more simple. No. 22 wotild take siding, and as soon as they were dear Lily would be at liberty to take down the red signal lantern, and allow No. 21 to pass without stopping. If both trains should happen to arrive at the same time, the red signal would stop No. 21, and, as No. 22 had instructions to " approach carefully," they would do so, expecting to find No. 21 occupying the main track. Lily perfectly understood the importance -Of thé order shè had just received, and dur- Ing thelpng honr. whicb wore elowlyWsy, ehe kept careful watoh of the eignal lij^tit, which, however, continued to bfitn -brighjly as ever. At last she heard a (ambling noise away in the westV which gradually became louder and loader and more distinct. By this she knaw that No. 22 was coming, and would probably get in On the siding before No. 21 should arrive. The rumbling became loader and louder each moment ; the earth began to tremble, and the peculiar vibration in the air which gives warning of a rapidly approaching train hummed loudly in her ears. She .began to feel anxious, as they were evidently coming at a high rate of speed, and not approaching as carefully as their order had instructed them; she also had not yet heard the whistle whioh is always sounded fey trams when approaching a «tation, and this ommission increased her fears that something was wrong. But she was given no time for further reflection, as the train now suddenly dashed around a carve not â hundred yards distant, running at ftill speed. Idly Sew oat and stood, between the rails, «winging* her hand lamb wildly across the track and shouting _ at tb e top of her clear fonng voice. Bat no attention was paid to her eîgnal, the tiain coming madly on with auoha rattle and dtah thet it drowned the sound other-voice. ; , - ' "j : • The roaring. rnahing fanin waa ntfc opon her, and ehe barely had time to spring from -the trabk and eecape with her life. : With a zattling craBh and an awful rush of air the hissing, throbbing monster sped swiftly past her, while the dank, «lank, clank of the ear wheels passing over loose splice «car by was so rapid that it resembled the quisk hammering on the buvQ in a blacksmith's shop, ' Foe* moment Lily was tmnerved and be wildered, bat suddenly arousing herself to action she xaibed into the office, and, seizing a piece ol fire-brick that did duty aa a stove leg die turned and hurled It thkoag'M&a; window of the caboose, which wasjost pa* sing. An instant later the rcdlights on* the rear end of the train had dissppeared around carve in the vat, and the rattle of the runaway train quickly lessened in the distança , Lily's heart throbbed painfully, and «he was seized with a sudden St of shivering whioh most persons of delicate organisations are subject-to when under greaîJxcitement. As soon as she bad somewhat recovered, she went into the office and . calling to the train despatcher, who answered at once, die said: . ./'•'"''*•! " No . 22 pasEed at fnll spe^d and N6- 21 notjèt 1 arrivedî , *'!' i '''"r~ w 7"Ji~ '".I." vr / ' "My Gsdjf" telegraphed back the despatches as swiftly as his frightened fingers ccnld form the letters, " the crew most be asleep. Tbey will strike in that cat and pile np fifty feet high I Heavens, this is horrible 1" Lily then went on to fzplain that she had attempted to awaken them by throwing a brick through the caboose window, snd on hearing this the despatcher opened his key without waiting for her to fi&isb;,and said, excitedly : " Ban to the east of the siding, and if you sec tbcm backing up throw the switch and let them ontheiiding. Ncr. 21 is notdu3 heie for five minutes, and there is a chance for them yet." " I hare no Bwitch key," «aid Lily. " Break the lock with & hammer, a rock, or anything," was the quick reply. "Bun— fly!" Lily seized en old axe that was lying handy, and, with a vague idea that she might also need the red light, she took it in her other hand and flew up the track with the speed of the wind, at the imminent risk of falling and breaking her neck in the inky darkneBS. Once she stumbled and fell, and the lantern was dashed frcm her band, and Went rolling along the ground far beyond her reach by the sudden impetus which her fall had given it ; but without p&ue-.cg; to regain it, ehe sprang to her feet and bounded on. The switch at the east end of the siding was fully half a mile frcm the c HI ce, and about the same distance Irctn the beginning of the cut. If No. 22 could be on the siding in time, they would be safe; but if they attempted to back down the main traak past the telegraph ofSca, they were liable to be overtaken by No. 21 before going half thé distance, as, according to the despatcher's ^gures, No. 21 shonld now be very close. As Lily reached the switch, a pair of gleaming red lights suddenly appeared aronnd the curve in the cut, and she knew that the train was already rapidly backing op, and that she bad not & moment to lose. Feeling for the lock in the darkness, she then struck it several heavy blowB with the axe, which ehe still retained. Luckily, one of the blows took effect, and the broken lock dropped to the ground. She then grasped the switch lever, snd attempted to throw it over, but it resisted her utmost effort to move it. The train was now only a short dîetance away, and, with the energy of despair, she braced her feci -against the switch- standard, and, putting forth her strength in one mighty effort, thé obstinate lever came over with a sadden jerk, and No. 22 glided safely in on the siding. The shrill ecream of- a whistle was now beard in the cut, and as soon as the train was clear she again exerted all her of her strength, and threw the switch back to its former position. A headlight was cow flashed around tbe curve, and a moment later No. 21 rushed roaring by. Lily, by ber bravery, promptness, and presence of mind, had averted a terrible calamity. At the official investigation, which took place a few. days later, tbe entire crew of the runaway traia acknowledged that they were asleep, snd that the conductor had been awakened by a brick thrown in at the o&booee; window. The only excuse they had for their neglect ot dnty was that they had beeii t n- tho road for- *hi»tyrtwo oonïe&uiiTe; ihtmrà ^fiihou sleep or rest, and that they wére comf.tètëiy worn «ut. Notwithstanding-the fact that the mânage^ meet of the road were rtspoasiblcfor requiring the men to run this long double trip, the entire crew were summarily discharged lor criminal neglect of duty, as though man's endurance was an infallible bank, io be drawn on at pleasure. 