Primitive Methodist Church (Home- vllle), Farley. On Saturday afternoon a step in advance was made in connection with the Homeville Colliery township, viz., the laying of the foundation stone of a Primitive Methodist Church, and the first place of worship in the community. The township is situated on the high ground beyond the ceme- teries and overlooks the railway line and the low land to the south of Maitland extending up to Bishop's Bridge. At the present time the greater portion of this low land is under water, and pre- sents the appearance of a large lake. The site of the church is on the slope of the hill on the Mait- land end of the company's cottages, and is on the allotment at the corner of Bridge and Station streets. The design is that of Mr. F. B. Menkens, of Newcastle, and shows a neat weatherboard structure. The new church will be 30 feet long by 20 feet wide, and is to be constructed on small brick piers which will raise the floor from 16 inches to about 3 feet above the ground. The walls will be 12 feet high, and the total height of the ridge 22 feet. The walls will be of studs and weather- boards, the floors of pine, and the ceiling also of pine, the roof to be covered with galvanised iron. The entrance door will face Station-street, and there will be one window in the same side. At the back there will be two windows, the building being further lighted with two windows in the principal gable facing Bridge street, and one in the opposite end. The windows are each 6 feet by 2 feet and the door 8 feet by 3 feet, all of Gothic design. The lower sashes of the windows will be filled with rolled mill glass, and the upper with sheet glass. Ventilation is provided in the gables by means of circular louvres 3 feet in diameter. The sides are to be finished off with fascia boards and the gables with barge boards and finials. Mr. George Hill, of West Maitland, is the contractor, the price being £145, but this amount does not include the seating. The whole cost will probably be about £200. The foundation stones were two in number, being small blocks of stone about a foot square, forming the tops of the end piers in the front of the build- ing. At the ceremony on Saturday, notwithstand- ing the threatening weather, there was a good attendance for the locality. The Rev. James Green, the minister of Greta, who will have charge of the church, presided. There were also present -The Rev. T. Parr, M.A., of Newcastle, the Rev. Mr. Carter, and the Rev. Mr. Mowbray, of East Maitland. Proceedings were begun by the singing of the hymn " All people that on earth do dwell," the Rev. Mr. Carter leading in prayer, and the Rev. Mr. Mowbray reading I Kings viii. The hymn " Come ye that love the Lord," was then sung. The Rev. Mr. Green gave a brief account of the starting of the cause there, in which he succeeded in the work commenced by Mr. Cater. He re- ferred to the difficulties in supplying the pulpit, and said they would cease when the church was ready. The Rev. Mr. Penman, superintendent of missions, would have been present, but he had to go to Sydney, and had sent an apology. He would be present at the opening of the church. He re- ferred to the interest taken in the work, especially by the ladies. He hoped in a short time they would have a prosperous church there, and that it would be marked by spiritual presence. He trusted that there would be no jealousies, and that there would grow up a large congregation, and in the future they would be able to put up a more pre- tentious building. The Rev. T. Parr, M.A., expressed his pleasure at being present and at the numbers present. He pointed out that a Christian church was an in- fluence for good in this life independent of the world to come. It would make better workmen, better fathers, better homes. The principles of righteousness underlaid all national prosperity, so that their work was one of patriotism. He referred to the beauty of the name of the place-Homeville -the town of home. Nothing could brighten their homes more than the religion of Christ. That building would be a Primitive Methodist Church. He explained that the name was not taken from its being the first Methodist church, but because of its starting with open air preaching, thus going back to the primitive practices of John Wesley. Their basal principle was care for the common people. They endeavoured to bring the Gospel of Christ to all, and he thanked God for the tens of thousands of people brought to the knowledge of the truth by open air preaching. Their doctrine was what was known as evange- lical, and might be summed up as the three Rs.-Ruined by the fall, Redeemed by Christ, and Regenerated by the Holy Spirit. Their govern- ment was one by the people for the people. Primitive Methodism was destined to grow. It was now 80 years old, and had grown from 10,000 to 190,000. They looked after the little ones as well as the elders, and had now 432,000 Sunday school children. He pointed out the good they were doing in educating those children in Christianity. He was glad they had recognised women's work in the church in inviting ladies to lay the foundation stoncs. Their church was one for both sexes, for all ages, and for all people. As these stones were laid he prayed that God Almighty would further lay the foundation of a large and prosperous church, and that in the day of God, in the day when the affairs of the world were reckoned up, it might be said of many that they were born there. May God grant it. Mr. T. Cater expressed his pleasure at being there. Two reasons why he should do so were that he was renewing old acquaintances and making new ones, and that the work which had brought them together was a very interesting and important one. He came. there 10 months ago, and he began to look ahead. Looking down below the rock, shale and con- glomerate, he saw a bed of black diamonds, and in it he saw a Primitive Methodist Church that he thought he would take out some day. He had been denied that work, but the people there had found it and were bringing it up there that day, and he congratulated them on their success. He saw further than that. He saw many social meetings there; many moral meet- ings ; many religious meetings ; sending out their influence to deaden the blasting influence given out by another building on that estate. They knew the influence he referred to. He trusted there would go from this building a more manly and blessed influence. He promised to help them financially as far as he was able. He prayed God to bless them, and that there would go out an influence from that House of God that would lay hold of the people, build them up to a higher and more useful life, and that he and they might meet in heaven. The foundation stones were then laid by Mrs. Cater, and by Mrs. Geo. Hall, the latter lady de- claring hers well and truly laid in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The collection laid on the stone amounted to £7, and it was stated there was a list of £12 14s. Mr. Green stated that Mr. Dixon, the manager, could not attend, but he promised 13s 6d per week being Is 6d for each member of his family-from the 28th of July till the opening of the building. The hymn " All hail the power of Jesus' name" was then sung. The ladies who had laid the stone were presented with a copy of the Leisure Hour and the Sunday at Home respectively, containing an inscription that they were presented in memory of the occasion. They were also heartily thanked on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Mowbray, seconded by Mr. Johnston. After the proceedings tea was served in one of the houses near, and it was heartily enjoyed, the only drawback being the smallness of the room, wbich necessitated frequent relays. An application has been, we understand, made for the establishment of a public school at Home- ville. Some 79 names were appended to the appli- cation, which was favourably considered. A site has been secured close by, and we believe it is the intention of the Department to erect a brick build- ing. This of course will take some time, and it has been suggested that the new church when com- pleted should be hired till the school is erected. This is a practical solution of the difficulty, which we should imagine will no doubt be carried out. The large majority of the children at the place are very little ones, and could not be expected to walk in to Maitland, especially with the weather we have been experiencing during the last six or nine months. 