A FREE MARKET The literal mtanteg of the word "Fair," In oe comnmer , Is-a "free maket" In othm words, a "fair" meneemarketatwhl halaend evry may purchase or not without belen subjected to feeor tax, and also where ll all nd ?etry tcan ell w out any such disallties as attach to orditaar markets. At one time the fairs to England were great features in the tci and industrial life of the people; buol since the establihment of railways, and the qicker tLoo cmmunliatmo which bad multed, the.oofei? here pretty well ld out, amtterperhap for trret, in some respecte' but inevitable under the theged coondiUon of the ntional life. Hen in Australia fain are unknown. Indeel verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtal toa . thee?efast ga --headeolonlee. Life Is not eo slow tad lethargie to in Ekvpe, and business is do?e with a movement and force to whilk, even in this day, few provinsial folk ia the old country are accusto.ed. This, howevern s a necessity, followrg upon our ftrea sad mtoe praOPerous condition, as well as the awakenIe energies and Intelligence of the last hal eentary. Life, too, though longer in its average than ou worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short lor alow or combroua meorhod; and the art now to sought to aldirections to do asomuh in an bohr as 00 years ago was acomolihed ina week. Ts, however, is not a matter to marvel. If we Ie at higher pressure, we obtaln highe rewards than the old folk .old pegibly earn. The averge earning apdacity and therefre of expen diture, ts haundd fold greater, and is more equally distributed than It those "good old days" which sentimentallst are continully regretting-people,bytheway,who amof siheila tple conutitution to the .e L... 00 whowrote: SLet scince, leartioog, tarettoad outeereslit. Buo tgie us back our own nobility." Peoplel nowadays hve money to spend, and aeedns tie tda high??intlienr have Laught them eto spend it wisely, we O d nnd gent eetatlioente erehs For and Gibean's, of Smith lreet, Collingwood, sprieging into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do populetion. the omforts, the aecetsarie, the elegancis and ordnements of home ife. Bee we pates to make a correti one We heav aid that fais are unknown in Anstralia. We tot wrong. At this preent moment, the frm rw have mentioned, lesm. Foy nd Gibso.. are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphi?, though perhape smsewha, rulgar, expression. its a sllht'to do sre eves good." Any theatrical manasge who may happo past Messrs. Foy and Oibeon'n great shops donaq the day m.st, indeed, hatn a larg dgene mind if he forbear from a sieh of envy as he noter the throng and pore of people ino and out of thoe plees. All moved by the one impale-er n ag doie to avil themselves of the sdeantges o?Red b Foy and Gibsoh to purohen" durmg their geses Fair. To the benevolent mind it must grve pleases to reflect tht at leant 0o per cent of these crowds a? rendered happier by theirattendane at this ?Wsr. The young wife who has become poeeseed of toe ao those elegant mantlee, cs which sech nombers Wf snra^ing beauty and gace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and mere contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who hbas mesa one of those splendid Bssels arpsts at , .OL per yardwil feel geeerrlOridt ns her home. The country gentleman who has p chased his suite of furniture for the homse which he shall presently tlduct his bride, Is 111t with a sense of limportaa and ?poa?lbility, is w hichitherto, during his shiftless slovenly baebe days, he has been an otter st?nger. In a werd. is mposesible for a refe'ting observer to look on at the aser'se inlo and att-l· . of visitors to this show to be insmnsila to the crrumestan that thees fair serve a highe purpose than prbapsa evr eentred into the oalsa , tions of the originaca t?hemelvew. We do not sapt pose that Merrs. Fuy and Gibeen, when oomtemplat ing the eotablLhmsat of these fairs, took Into os$. koning the ph?,lnthenper srp of the mtter. Bke at a rule moral good follows upon all bohnorshls a terprise, sod awses. For and Obson when the) seohntheir perotsao. if they ples.e, add to thon the peortant. though inmangbl henlan of an o creased popular cotentment. There i anothele mnto Itrnfromthes?witx e that is, that lathe hanl of cpable men, no aftfais, howrer ?etai tsi or compl?? ted, are beyond the influeeno of esnthud The tbles by which this reast t.blihmat is govenmed, are even as the laws of th Moies Lad Ierelana. A fixed syem-ess of long npon o-ardc largs bnusinem ex, pericnce, coatrol every detail of the bult ner., to that maotes go on 1ie mehinny, snd to onu mind. wth much of the throb and la. of the ram uoceoe. Some ildeaay be formned t thue whahar se evied Foy and 6tibson's p?rem of their Meo when we laferm them thant the ferngs aotd alp. to Bmith street. and that there is a depth t. Little Oxford street of Mert. TheBg show zooe, t. I wdh the e. tlm. of flnltS. raiment me enormoua sportmott. We wondae ghosts of departed belles as.embo kshreo' night and, amso dainty silks tnd relvets, ald loaes and ath. bewrldorinag mters, tase again some slight otAg of the delightwhich once mou them in the S? We do not blievre n gthos.a, but, as we hae st Shakes?pear' authority that the re mre n thie' aI eaoen and earth than re dreamt of in oe phlosbphy, it may be on the urdo that hom? o - d " parted fair ones do rervit them saCs of t? . delights and mingle in spiritual symathy with th., stoantslt throne aIt rv ad Gib?uºs Pairs. Psople Sa? l t particular-who oat a se .. satioossoeouoghlsotpend anher twoeatio a . hibat's Ftaie and It therharin done so do not tptrienotta a·tcbdot of oat whobhse bheholsa ereelafieatB we narnny that they meet to'rai blaemtadpltytdtL a r lach s obplt there lsha s tatacp-ep-gatiateotiista L~er 