COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS* Br Old Box. Cricket is now breathing Its last lor she first nsu 01 the season of 1890, and with Cuter the schools will lock the bate, tolls, pads^ and stamps away, and will turn their attention to rowing and football. I eee by the lift of football fixtures for, senior club#, pub lished in "The Argue" on Monday, March BO,that a m«tnh is to be played on the University ground on April 19, between the Fttxroy 80 and a team picked from the public schools. It is to be hoped that the schools will put forward their boat team, and will do their best to give the Fitzroyites a good game. I say this u a word of warning to the schools, as I know from experienoe how hard it is to get a team of public school boys together. Ormond and Trinity fought their battle o'er again on Thursday and Friday, 27th and SSlh inst. Trinity having defeated Queen's so easily, they were the favourites, but when 6 wickets had fallen for only 48 runs, the Ormondites began to feel ploaeed with themselves. Button batted very nicely for 23, his runs being made in bis usually neat and taking style. The ba'l which bowled him was a beauty, and beat him all the way. ft. Graham showed that he had not forgotten his crioRet, and made his runs neatly and well; he is a nice taking bat, but does not lay the wood on enough. Atkinson was certainly the hero of the match. Goinginwith 6 wiokets downfor 48be batted with great care and in gocd style ; his 45 (not out) was the outcome of free cricket, combined with strong defence. He and Wilmot deserve every praise for the plucky and determined stand they made for the last wicket. Wilmot has of late gone in for hitting, and has failed miserably. The old Mel bournlan in this match, however, gave up those foolish tactics, and played etriotly on the defensive, surprising every one by the improvement in his play. Be made one beautiful late out for four, off Greene. Atkinson and he put on «5 runs for the last wicket, and by their performance Completely changed the aspect of affairs. Atkinson was in such fettle with the ball that Ormond were all disposed of for 78. The only double figure was B. Greene, whose score of 85 was the out come of good and careful cricket. If Atkinson and Wilmot saved Trinity, what must be said of Greene, who stuck to his work like a Trojan, and kept his wicket up till the end, when, in trying to save the follow-on, he was oaught by Griffiths. Of the others,' Eoott was the only one to show any form at all. On going In again Ormond did better. B. Greene made 16 in his usual neat style, and had the hard luck to play a bail on to bis wicket. Scott batted vety nioely indeed for his 25. His runs were the outcome of good and free cricket. He has the makiugs of a fine batsman. Scott did a lot towards saving the innings defeat T. Greene made 24 In veiy nice style; he has not much strength, botyet he manages to lay the wood on sometimes. Greene played a strictly defensive game, and made things rather more hope ful for Ormond. G S. Graham eventually bonded him off his pads with a full toss. Firebraoe (who was far from well) hit up 16 quickly, and showed himself to be a {ducky batsman. The bowling on the Ormond side was not very strong. B. Greene secured 6 wickets for 78, but bis bowling was not very troublesome when the wicket Improved. Firebraoe bowled Hutton with a beauty, having previously beaten him two or three times. He kept a good length, and should make a very fair bowler. Mcares also bowled, bnt without much suc cess. On the Trinity side Atkinson's analyses for the two innings are worth 'recording—45.6 oven, 65 runs, 27 maidens, 10 wickets. This is a really excel lent record, and one of which Atkinson should be proud. G 8. Graham bowled fairly, but be has a lot to learn, and wiil improve in time. Hutton bowled 1 over for 2 wickets and no runs in the first innings. In the second he got 8 for 64 runs off 204 balls. In fielding Meares, Boott, Firebraoe, Levy, T. j Greene, and Dodda all did well for Ormcnd, while on the Trinity side Bhuter, Offloer, Forsyth, Deiham, Atkinson, and G & Graham all showed good form. With only 83 runs to win, Trinity lost Hutton (run out) when he had made 9. Atkinson and B. Graham, however, managed to bit off the runs, both men batting well. Atkinson should have been runout, however, when he had made about five. The result of this match places Trinity first, while Ormond and Queen's have to play off for second place. Geelong Grammar School has again had to submit to a crash log defeat at cricket, the vanquishers on this oooasion being 8ootohOoilege. Dan M'Leod had his opponents in such trouble that they oould only aoore 20 on their first attempt. His analysis for the first innings reads—42 balls, 8 runs, 6 maidens, 7 wioket*. Included in this was "the hat trick." M'Leod has often bowled well, but I doubt if a boy oould have done more than did the popular Ban on this occasion. Valentine was effective in the aeoond innings, S wiekete falling tohimfor 4 runs. M'JHnnon made 17 (not out) in the aeoond inntnge, showing good cricket. Graham made a doxen by hard hitting, bnt none of the others did anything at all, except Bowler, who got 9 in each innings, being not out In the first essay of the Pivotonlans. Six of the Scotch team reaobed double figures, Kelso getting 81 by hard hitting. Tome oame next, with 16 neatly and well made. Muegrove, Bond, M'Farland, and H. M'Leod all made double figures, and all batted in character istic form for their runs. Musgrove also bowled well in each innings, and secured 6 wiokets for 83 alto gether. On the Geelong side, Graham took 5 wiokets for 48 runs, and Greene got 2 for 15. The fielding on both sides was good, as is usual with these teams. Scotch College are now " champions for the first halt of season 1893." They will have to win all the return matches with these schools in order to claim the championship for the year. This is in accord ance with a regulation passed at the meeting of dole gates held in December last, which states that "the school cricket year shall be from Januaty to De cemberand uot from cricket season to cricket season. From the acting secretary of Slog's College, Fitz roy, I have received the detailed sjores of a match played between his school and Toorak College. I am vety glad to have these loores, but I would like to re mind school secretaries and others that it does not lie withio my province simply to give' scores of matches, but rather to OQmment on those scores. It would,; therefore, be much better if the secretaries would I make some little comments ptr tbeir, own, so that 1 may be given eome assistance/ Of oourae it is im possible for me to see every matob that is played, and so J have to rely upon the. kindness of secretaries tor some of my information. From the scores received I gather that King's College mode 76, ofwhloh Butoher (22), Sallery (16), and Robinson (14), made the Uon'e Share. Aid winkle and Fellows bowled best for Toorak, who, on going in to bat, oould only make 67. Simp son made 28 of these, none of the others reaching double figures, the bowling of Brock well and Fenton being too good for them. Toorak were beaten again when they met Geelong College, the Pivotonians winning by an Innings ana 20 runs. M. Kearney was top scorer for Geelong, his soore of 62 being the outcome of brilliant crioket. In cluded in his total were nine hits for 4eaeh. ATimms made 16 (not out); be lifted one of Aidwlnkle's right out of toe ground. These were the only double figures. Toorak made 86 at their first attempt and 46 at the seoond. The hero tor Tbomk was .Aidwinkle, who made 22 (not out) in the first and 13 in the second innings; he also secured 6 wiokets for 47,the ball keeping very low. Bryant bowled well, and took 4 wiekete for only 10 ruDo. On the Geelong tide, Glass ford 4 tor 16 and Cathie 6 tor, 26 were tae most suc cessful bowlers. Gillespie fielded mignifioently'for Toorak, while Fellows kept wioket# ingood style. Far Geelong College, Morrison at point, a. Kearney at the wiokets, B. held and Suter (who oaught Mine men off Guthrie in the second innings), and M. Kear ney ail fielded splendidly. On March 26 Geelong College met the Holy Ghost College, BaUarat, who were on oven terms with Bel larat College. The BaUarat boys b ~ _ boys tnade 67 and 24, while Geelong College scored 86 and 200 tor 7 wiekete. The 9. G.G team possesses a good batsman in Came ron, and an excellent young howler in Williams, who bowls left-band with a good break; he is also an excellent field. For Geeloug a. Kearney showed good, careful play, and punuhed any toll off the I wioket. Beil made some nice drives, and played a good forward gamhln both iftnings.' B. Berntotted steadily for; 81, while M. Kearney hit freely and tooted rapidly "to each innings.* In the sepopd Innings Guthrie showed the best orioket' of toe match, his 82 (not out) bring a verygoodperform ance. Bell got 6 wiokets tor J6 and 8 tor fi, while M. Kearney 4 for 20, and Glasiford 4 tor 8, were not lar behind. ... 