A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. Br W. C. P. Oub modem civilisation has devised many novel methods whereby those -who are matrimonially inclined may secure husbands or wives; but we venture to say .that, amongst those whom singular accidents 6r matrimonial agencies ha vebrou^ht: ether, it wofild ^ ^liifixailtvto find|my _6se&te1iiiJ;^bem ddermined bya more: ieifiirka'ble c^jun6ti6n pf t^reumltanifces; than that described in tbe^iollowing narrative. Every link in this ~6ng^lar chain was forged by superstitioii, and yet, as a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old man and his wife had xrne daughter. Annie, aJjright-eyed, .dark-haired ^ifl of siiteeiL ^She was g&od-loolang; Sntt though possessed of many feminine graces, she could almost do a masculine amount of woi^wdwastiineforeagreatsupjporttoher father ariainoHier."Bhecbuia manag^ Bimwork of most sorts, and jvhen that was not to be bad^ "she wotUd find Something to a femployhfetiii & heigbbounng mine. Kece saiily she <iame into contactTvith a good many of the rougher sex; and;"bong a good-natured, willing girl, bad alrfeady made 6everal ronqugstsprer. thar suscep^ "tiblejhMitsI hiit ha4 nevte yef seenthe one she irtml^ have liked to jpariy. . .' III: Jhose: days, spfferstition. was at its height/ Imd' Shy' tUffiCultJ that. wanted solving was submitted to theT, power of Spells for divination. Host of the ignorant iiiplicifly l«lieved in thSr efficacy, [ind practiEed thein toagreat extent. Aitniewas the'JVBrned her. not tempt flieVirgin into -ttetintnown. -Ojj)sies''liad told her forbme, butif was bever fulfilled. All manners of cfiaim^. and /incantations had slife tried, yet without suteess; butior all this die did not (fepairj aiid placed asmuch trust in every succeeding trial as she had done in the first Oh St Thomas's Eve, she' took the prescribed but unpoetical large Ted onion, and stuck nine pins in it, according to the custom. Tills she -did by m»1Hng a little circle of eight of them,'and placing the ninth in the middle, naming it "true love." This she put under her pillow, and repeated the all-powerful verse:— " Good St Thomas, do me right, Said me my true love to night, In bis clothes and his array, Which he weareth eveiy day." That night, in happy dreams, she saw the young man who was to be her future hus- i S band ; but the features were Strange to hei-, though he wore labouring clothes. Ever after, she looked intently at every fresh face, jt> discover a likeness to her vision, but -without success. When Kew Year's Eve came round, she invited some of her young friends to come and join in merry homely pastimes. All sorbs of curious game6 they played, and tlie pleasant joke passed freely rpund in a manner that would put to shame many of the sham, cold, and uncomfortable recepium of the present day. As a conclusion to the evening's entertainment Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled with what was called a cold posset, of her own making. It was made xsi milk, ale,, eggs, currants, and spice; and lastly, but not least, her mother's wedding-ring was thrown in. Then each guest took, a ladleful out, and in so doing attempted to patch the ring, or whoever did so was certain to be married before the nesS; year^was but Whether Annie had prepared it with a charm or not, certain it is tbatslie was the lucky one who fished up the ring; and loud were the congratulations on ail sides, for she was much beloved by her companions. _ These repeatedpredictions only increased her curiosity, and she lost no opportunity of further solving her destiny. On St Valentine's Day, therefore, she peeped through the keyhole before opening the outer door, in the hope of seeing two or more persons, in which case she would have a sweetheart very soon. But better still, she saw a -cock and hen, which denoted, according to Derbyshire bSief, that she would be married "before the ye&r; was out' Everything seemed 1» concur unpromising her married felicity that year, and yet,-inamsiJavsjiSrir^^iid not know who was i her • pweSSfiasrElt-J^jie was sure it was no" 011c "she haa.eyer seen before, for the face in her dream was totally different from any she could remember. Thus time went on, and ehe was no wiser than ever. Midsummer Eve had arrived, and she determined to cany out a bolder project than any she had before attempted, to confirin her former dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, and the last one that had penormed.it five y$ars before was a wild runaway whom they did not care to emulate. But Annie was a brave girl, and dared to attempt it for her own satisfaction. Here parents were not averse to-it,but let. her have her own. way, foreseeing no harm; they placed great trust in the girl, and so feared nothing. The charm she intended to perform was this: to go to the churchyard at midnight, and when tlie dock struck twelve, to run a similar number of times round the church, repeating: " I sow hempseed—hempseed I sow, He that loves me best, Come after me and mow." The figureof the young woman's lover is then supposed to appeal imd follow her. : Asthe time approachfed shp felt rathfer nervotis; but being tL giil b^jjoooL fpirit, she Sorlhe 'obtiUSo&Siad;'ii halt-past eleven o'clock bade"Gdod-nigh t" to iler lather and mother, with a cheerful heart. Although superstitious, she was not afriiid, and had often , gone- at iiiglit to sttange 'places where -a man would have feared to venture near. But a churchyard at midnight is not a very congenial spot, though upon this night the moon shone brilliantly, and she could see the old church quite plainly in the distance. Though fancying she saw figures flitting here and there as the moon was temporarily obscured by the white fleecyclouds, she went on undaunted till ehe reached the little porch, and the gate creaked open at her touch. Though she was alone, a&d; almost wishing she had not come, Iter curiosity and pride resolved her. She waited uneasily till tlie old tieUclanked out its dianal sound—the ghostly- signal _ of spirit revelry— and the wind rustled in the fe^ ^th an jeerie sough.. Ho midland ronnd,the ^oldfamiliaf shadows i^ie was unuile to Jp^strit^ and tremblKg^th.-^ stopped and looted lhta&y; wfte sbaflow of a tall shrub where she thought she saw some bodily form. Her imagination was so strong that she could make out the features she had seen in her dream ; .bnt the moon gleaming fprfcli _at that moment dispelled the illusion, j Vexed with het.dirappcffnP 7 me^t,-£lie «^ain sped on, conSlnnng evCTy shaiiow into aspect^EhehadbeepJ^und deven times, and was despairing of success, when in the moonliglit she saw, this time quite plainly, the.-pgure of a'young man whose face seemed to resemble that o? her-dream. -He wore prfinary .working clothes, ahd ivas witching her in intense eircitement It WOS MO ghost but a real live human being. 6he stopped, breathless, while tlie young nuin, seemingly desperate, walked towards her. She did sot recoil, but waited^ his "approach. Kearer and Bearer lie came, "and all .his features', appeared famiKar to herV' At last lie touched ler, and the fasonating spell was broken; both were then perfectly certain of the other's bodily existence. His" was aii honest, frank face, ahd she trusted him ipstincti vdy. lie was delighted with her modest beauty; and a series of mutual eliminations followed; -and after a little nfficulty he fathomed tiie secret of the blushing girL Both considered it a decree of fate that tiieyhad thus met, andplighted their hajjpy.trotli in tlie old churchyard, sealing at wi£h a time-honoured Jdss. His appearance, however, "at tlfe church was due to" an .entirely, different cause, which-he explained to Annie as he joynilly led her to -her home: ' His name was RichanHtandom, andhe lived at the little village" of 8heldon, fbur miles off; bilt curiously enough had-never before seen AnniB or- sbe^nm; |hou^ he had been to BakewellrEeyeral .jhmes before. He had • been- Brffienngacuiay^omtheJ)hilosophy- ^'^TWg paln, .tooJJiacheiilor ajong time, han ansuccesfifjilly tried niany jmeans to cure it 'ThelaBt'cure he liaAtittempted wtLs one peculiar to DoMii^ jJiejpain: Mvt&Jtio; Mout 1Vetomy. IV) «ztiadb it ttey'hivp'iectmisetoftcnrious.aietlipdi emaU iqtuujlity ol ^ned. and powdered | herbs is placed in a cup, and a hot coal dropped on it; the sufferer thai holds his or her open month over the cup, inh.ling the emoke as long as it can be borne. Then the patient breathes hard into another Cup full of water, when it ii^sa^ifhp grub or •worm can be seen in the water. This, however, Richard haxi tried without success, and was afefe loss what to do new, when a nejr arrival |from Durham Jtald him of anqther chantf-wKich xm prafcfigoj In that county;, -Thisje tyis only^. rfiuil try, to cure if possible the "lovffggn^ Bs they called toothache in these parts. The horrid charm was this: The patient must go to the churchyard at midnight nnd bite a tooth from an old skull, and the pain would leave him for ever. We have seen how he came to the churchyard, and how doubtless his " love-pain " left him, and by a much more agreeable process. He had seen the girl Wlfflfiag Wuhd the cliurcli lo5gb3ore lie reached it, and had wondered what it could be. Then he remembered the old Derbyshire custom on Midsummer Eve, and deternSned to-Snd-oiit whether it was a spectre or not The rest Annie, knew, and how greeably both had been surprised; and when they arrived at her home, matters s- were explained to the entire satisfaction of alL ... . ^ .. It was jsuch coincidences-as .these, and sometimes perhaps preconcerted plans; that sustained/Hie, old belief in these customs and superstitions. " Many of the village girls were now ambitious .to Jtry, tins soyereign ^wefctheart charm;-and ^or some year® after the churthyerd at, Bakewell presented, a lively " sjiectral" appearance on eachMidsuminerEve. Annie's curios! 1- was "now satisfied, and .three, months afl her Etrange renamtre ehe iras inkmed to "Richard Random at the iincient chiiifli she had so sucoessfultaaiclfid. - Iitnid and'long were tⅈ acd^aobriB -of joy. that were raised in lHie village, ahd Qie- old bell clanked with k merrier tone - than' it ;had ever yone before. All rejoiced that Anhie was happy, though many wreaihB of floxrers were" hung^n the doors of bet unsuccessful lovers, according to Bakewell custom. It only remains to add that.Annie became a -dutiful wife, aiid took events a& theytaine, without attempting to peer too far ipto fhe future; while RichaW RAhdoin ^rns pever again troubled with the toothache br "love pain." 