[?] The doctor said it, the wifo echoedit, friends « repeated it; there was no disguising the feet - that toose weak kings in i&e; body of Wtlliam H. Brown, toe great electrician, were henomfoig weaker, and that he must spend the winter in a warm climate. So said his wife, so said bis friends but William H. Brown himself oniysaid " Nonsense; When toe doctor emphesised it. he replied: " I cannot leave my Work. " You do not need to -leave your work," said the astutephyrician ; " take your work (flour with you.' The electrician laughed. "That would in volve carrying along the United States Patent office and a few hundred Contracts, to say ' no- thrngof thisdynUmo mid the engine toat operates it." . " Never mind your patents and your con tracts," the physician urged. " An agent catt attend to them. After all the work you have done you can afford to spend the winter in ex perimenting. What are an engine and adynamo to you ? You can make one to carry South in your satchel as easily as some thiDgs you havu made. Try it, and give your lungs a chance. " That's an idea," said the electrician. " X might take a small dynamo and buy a little engine powerful enough for experimenting. Where is it you want me to go." "To the West Indies," toe physician replied. " Box up your iathe and all the rest of your tools and send themdown to the Isle of Delight, and let a little engine and dynamo follo w them. You can experiment all winter, to your heart' content, and come home in the spring a new man. If you stay here, you are in danger." " I'll think of it," said the electrician, and thought.no more about it— not, at least, until several weeks later, when his wife said, in her kindly determined way, that she was in com munication with a house agent on the Isle of Delight, and had the refusal of a charming place that would exactly suit for a residence for the winter— a large stone house called (Sea View, near the water, with plenty of ground, and large orchards, and, above all, more than a mile from the town, so toat he need not bs disturbed at his work. Thereupon this distinguished electrician, be fore whom all toe little electricians drooped their eyelids and opened their mouths apolo getically, capitulated at once. This great man, who wound the lightning around his finger, who need have done nothing more in this world than gather in the royalties from a hundred patents, had no time for argument when his wife quietly determined upon anything. So it was settled that they were to spend the wintei on the Isle of Delight. " I must have Thomas along," Slid the elec trician, without looking up from Ms work. "Have anybody along that you want," his energetic wife replied. " Just make me a memo randum on this pad of the kind of dynamo and engine you want sent down and I will attend to everything." The memorandum was soon made, and for several weeks more Mr. Brown toiled away in his workshop with no thought apparently for anything but currents and ohais. Whether ho forgot all about, the nrnipetod innmpv then o XT J - J w J VU.W4.W u no electrical device for ascertaining, but if ho did, it was brought to Ms mind one morning when he found the lathe and most of his smaller tools missing, and Thomas, his capable assistant, cleaning the room. Then he only scratched his head and said in an absent way : " Oli. yes ! When do we start?" " To-morrow," answered Thomas. When a host of friends called that evening to say good-bye, there was one among them who had spent a season on the Isle of Delight, and he, learning that the Browns were to keep house there, warned them against thieves, "for the darkies would steal the very roof the house, if they had a chance." The electrician made no reply to this, bi t early toe next morning he sent Thomas to a wholesale chemist's with" an order, and before the steamer sailed a large case, labelled " Ex plosives," was sent on board for him, anl stowed away in a safe place. In the three days' voyage to the Isle of De light the great electrician worked Vat the basis of a device for catcMng the smoke from the funnels and dropping it astern ; another fox supplying the fire-room with draughts cf cool air, and a third for utilising the odour of burned oil that hovered about the machinery. This work left him no time for seasicknere, and Mrs. Brown -and Thomas took care that ho left off one thick garment after another, as tha weather became warmer. The Sea View house suited Mr. Brown ex actly, as Mrs. Brown had predicted, not on account of the large grounds or the orchards, the spacious dwelling, or the white teach, but because there was a large lower room with two windows and only one door; where he could shut himself in and be secure from interrup tion. That room was to be the workshop. In toe few days that were necessary for setting up the little engine and dynamo and preparing the workroom the electrician wan dered about the premises like a lost man, smoking his pipe continually. The shining brass engine, with its copper boiler, interested him, as it must have interested any one who loved machinery. The strange trees and curious tropical fruits, too, attracted his attention, but with all the odd sights he said little, though he was fond of walking is the orange grove and eating fruit fresh -from too trees. Negroes constantly swarmed in through the gate and half filled toe dooryard, offering their services, vending, fruits and vege tables. or attracted bv r.nri nisi (nr. This ma a novelty , toMr. Brown, and he ustened patiently to what toey had to say, several times uncom plainingly saw them pocket arn&U; Articles, and .only turned away with a low, sly laugh. Xt was different witoMro. Brown. " These darkies. I rieolare, will be the death ; of me, " she complained, u I did not imaging there were so many in toe whole world. And such a tribe of them as ypu have to have abpuft the house in touopunby,' Just think; William, I have enjgaged a codk arid a helper iri to kitchem ; a <flmnd>epniaid,a waitees3, a lann- dress, a gardener, and a boy, just to do th work for thrae peraons, I naver saw anytoing iOseto" , ' : dr V I piriqn pr3«wte.-¥.,._ . ; T, oi Mr. Broqn Vr Jhwa?|« or 4 low; cariosity of toe 8ervoqte> buttoe rindows wrnw carefully curtained and ite door wa& jriwasft locked, sa they lurried Vetoing about t|in myr terious room. ; One day at 4umer Mre. Brow|i aaidcrr , .".v . 4.v. -.c ;.v, .:i, oranges, William,' Thcrefaa eMlyia toemorewtomr . 'Oh, nevarxnindjdc trician replied V joountry, and the peoplearapow tefctoMnlmyii, y,/ 0nemv - t r-.-- i Mrs. Brown thought lEd TmstireWfiOd" j imtbr©d,ahd saiid so ; andllidmas said he "be-' ,1 fieved thejdecckii would lct a inan steal the ; ; ooat off his back without complaining, and tiffs i conversation was "repeated by the waitress to . the other servants, and so "reached the darkies jq the negro settlement. But after dinner Mr. Brown sent Thomas to fee town to buy twenty feet of two-inch bar iron, and while he was gone he opened the large Case that was labelled 44 explosives," and took - from it a dozen canisters of gunpowder, and a number of packages marked " red fire," " blue fife," "yellow fire," and fires of various other colours All these he put carefully away in a safe place. From another box he took several large and sinning bells — gongs. When Thomas returned presently With a coloured man carry ing the iron, it was taken into the workroom, and the door was locked. The electrician at ones set to work at the lathe, cutting the iron bar into short pieces, each about four inches Jong. "Thomas," said he, pausing a moment at his Work, " I wish you had brought your stereop- ticon along." " I did bring it," Thomas replied. _ "I thought it might amuse us in the long winter evenings." 41 Good," said the electrician. " Then sup pose yon unpack it and put it in order. I think we will. use it to-morrow evening." Thomas set about cleaning and putting together the stereopticon, and Mr. Brown continued his work with the bar iron. When it was all cut into the Bhort pieces he put each piece on the lathe, and bored . it 3in. deep with a Sin. bit, thus making each one a hollow tube, solid at one end. When this was done he put each piece on the lathe again and bored a tiny hole through the side, about big enough to hold a' knitting-needle, and au inch and a quarter from the solid end. He then, put a hit joi fine wire, not much larger, than, a horsehair, in each- ©f the tiny holes, and fastened it- in place with an atom of solder, so that the hole was not entirely stopped, and with about 2in. of the wire protruding. When they were dons they were eighty little cannon, and looked a3 if they had been made by a master workman, as indeed they had. Mr. Brown then loaded ten of them with powder, but no ball, and rammed the charge home tight. The following afternoon the electrician spent an unusual time in the orange grove, which lay between the house and the road. And he spent an hour or more in one of the upper rooms, which had a window overlooking the orange trees. In the short tropical twilight, while sitting on the piazza smoking his pipe, he quietly asked Mrs. Brown whether she had ever seen a darky robbing an orange tree. 44 No," that lady replied, "and it wouldn't he well for the darky if I should. They rob our "trees every night, and we will soon be without any oranges at all." The electrician led his wife upstairs to the room overlooking the orange grove. There she saw the stereopticon mounted by the open window, and a small hoard shelf on which were several telegraph-keys. It was already so dark that a person sitting by the window could not be seen, although a moving form outside would be visible. " Now, if you will take that chair by the window, my dear, and not say a word under any circumstances, I will, if I have good luck, show you a darky robbing an orange tree." Mrs. Brown did as she was requested, and Mr; Brown drew a chair in front of the key board where he could see the orange trees, and smoked his pipe. There was not a sound on the still evening but the slight humming made by the dynamo. 'They had not long to wait. Soon thay heard the voices of a party of darkies coming up the road, same singing and som3 talking. They came nearer and nearer, till they were ia front of the orange grove. The voices ceased, and the six or eight in the party came up close to the wall. O.ie spry young darky raised himself to the top of the wall, looked round, climbed up, and dropped inside. The others evidently were to wait outside and have the orange? brought to them. The youngster inside waited a moment,, then dis appeared in the gloom under the orange trees. Mrs. Brown sat breathless, and Mr. Brown sat with his finger on one of the; keys. A scraping sound was heard as of a boy climbing a tree ; there was a slight rustle of leaves, and an orange dropped, xne electrician pressed me key. " Bang !" said one of the guns not far from the tree the hoy was in. "Oh! hi! hi! Mass' Boss! Mass' Boss!" cried the darky in the tree. 44 Bang!" said another gun in a distant part of the grove, and the feet of the darkies outside were heard flying up the road. 44 Bang ! bang !" said two more guns. 44 Mass' Boss, don' shoot, don' shoot, I come lown," cried the terrified darky, and his words were instantly verified, for at feat moment the electrician touched another key aud the stereop ticon threw its full glare of light into the tree, which startled th8 boy into loosening his hold, and he 44 came down " shoulder fix3t and struck Ihe ground with a thud. He was on his feet again at once, but too bewildered to stir, and at that instant, at the touch of another key, a big bell began to ring violently. 44 Bang! bang! bang!" in every direction; it was enough to frighten a stouter heart than beat inside fee young darky's jacket, and with a terrified cry he started for the wall. But he changed his course before he had taken three steps, for at the touch of another key there flashed up before him a bright red flame. A wild shriek, bewildered dashes in several direc tions, and the hoy reached the wall and went ver it at a bound, the last section of his heels being saluted with: u Bang! bang!" The electrician coolly closed the window. 14 Well, my dear," he said, 44 you have not yet seen a darky rob an orange tree, but you have seen one try it." . Mr. .Brown had never indulged in suehsportive games at home, and Mrs. Brown attributed the change to the salubrious climate, which was doing him good already. She was in a little doubt about the guns until their mechanism aud their harmless character were explained to her. Such an unwarranted and unheard-of attack Vith firearms upon an honest boy who was merely " tryin' to; git a few sweet or'nges" jnade. a tremendous excitement in the negro ftettlement, and the story soon reached the fewn. The darkies outside the wall who rail away attributed the account .of the lights to the boy's frightened imagination, but the firing was tipdeniable. J Of course the story lost nothing fethe telling. The boy -was killed: he was desperately wounded ; a bullet . wens through jiis nat ; and the Yankee at Sea View kept his Orange grove full of armed men, ready to fire at " poreboy" found on the premises. Conse- J Auently, the orange grove was safe for the remainder of the season. But fee darkies felt a little spiteful against the Yankee at Sea Yiew who was so ready to shoot them down, and showed it in a number jbf petty ways. Young bovs and girls hardly In r passedthe gate after mark- without pulling fee Im bandle and then running away. Jna $hort time .this became annoying, and Mrs. JBrown confldned about it. ( The helpMUttdle was of brass, and -it con- | wife a" teen wire which rang a bell in-- 11 - " v ' tie kitchen, : Mr. Brown sent- Thomas to ' the , tewn to find a flat iron plate abaut three feet square, awl it was neatly- laid- in front, of the : gate post, as though to keep. visitors out of -the mud. / That day the electrician--; had .a -little business in the lane, aud in the dusk he con nected an innocent wire with the dynamo. This trap required no watching, being auto matic in its action. Soon after dark a party of boys and girls walked up the road toward the settlement, barefoot, as they always were. When they came opposite the gate one of the boys ran up to the bell haudie and gave it a violent pull. At that moment he received an electric shock that made his arm sore. 44 Bang !" said a gun just inside the gate. , 44 Oh, oh, ouow !" shrieked the boy, and the whole party ran up the road as fast as their little legs would carry them. This boy also had a narrow escape — in the settlement's telling of it. He heard a bullet whistle past his oar, and there was some talk of complaining to the magistrate. But after that the bell handle was undisturbed. This incident, however, added fuel to the flame, and the coloured people were more in dignant than ever. 44 Dat Yankee at Sea Yiew, he'd shoot a pore hoy jes' fer a iingin' his bell, he would." Bat still they were not indignant enough to stop robbing him, and the electrician Worked on day after day in happy unconscious ness of the commotion he had made. It was manifestly unsafe to steal the oranges with so many armed men on guard ; but there was the coeoanut grove. This grove was some distance from the house, down towards the water, and it offered gi eat temptations to hungry and thiratv passers- by, for every tree was loaded wife fee juicy nuts. Some venture some spirit tried it, and got off safely with a bagful of cocoanuts, and the news that the Sea YifW .coeoanut grove was unguarded spread through the settlement. Then nightly depre dations were made, and they were soon dis covered. 44 William,'' Mrs. Brown said one day, 44 1 have never seen a darkey rob a coeoanut tree." This hint was sufficient, and the electrician made a long visit to the coeoanut grove, carry ing with him -some of the implements of his trade. Before dark that evening he returned to the grove, having stationed Mrs. Brown at au upper window in the house. He settled himself in a cozy place he had made among the brandies of a thick low tree and awaited developments. This was a longer wait taan tne Gtker, but at length he was rewarded. The new moon was partially obscured by clouds, but he saw four men climb the wall, there very low, and ad vance into the grove. He looked at the key- hoard before hitn aud saw that all was ready. The men went well into the grove and sepa rated. In a moment h i saw the four climbing trees— one man to a tree — and each carrying a large hag to hold the nuts. He waited till they were well up among the branches, some of them thirty feet from the ground, aud then touched a key. 44 Whir-r-r- !" said a big gong iu the middle or the grove. 44 Hisfc !" said one of the darkies. He touched another key, and44 Bang ! bang ! bang I" went the guns iu different parts of the grouud. Four darkies began to slide down four cocoauut trees, and they do that work rapidly. But they are not as quick as the electric current. The electrician pressed auother key, and coloured fires flashed up all over the grove. They were in circles around twenty or thirty of the trees — red circles, blue circles, green circles, aud yellow. A blue darkey slid down one tree, a yellow darkey down auother, a red darkey, and a green. Seeiug this terrible sight they all set up a howl aud stopped, suspended in mid-air. Another key. "Bang! bang! bang!" all around them. This seeded the day (or the night) in favour ox flight. What those fires might do to them they did not know, but they did know the effects of bullets, and, still howling, they all slid down and ran for their lives. . A few more touches of the keys, and in their flight they were fired at from every quarter, aud two gongs rang an alarm that might have been heard at the other end of the island. From that night -the coeoanut grove was as safe as tne oranges. It was surprising what narrow escapes those men had. One, who had scratched his face on a bush, showed where a bullet had 44 jes' grazed his cheek." Another declared that a white man jumped up in front of him and pulled the trigger with the muzzle in his face, hut the piece missed fire. One was bold enough to say feat he had knocked a white man down with a stone ; and the fourth was confident that he saw at least fifty armed men in tli9 grove. The whole town was full of it next day — the Yankee at Sea Yiew kept a company of soldiers watching his place. But nobody except the four men believed in the coloured fires. This put an end to the petty thievery of fruit, but more impoitant depredations began. Sea Yiew had. a large chicken establishment well stocked, ana Mrs. Brown had bought all the fowls for the table. The fowlhouse liad a wire front and a door that was shut every night, but did not lock. The fowls began to disappear rapidiy, and nearly every morning three or four were missing. This thief was evidently of a different character froiu the stealers of fruit. They were mere casual pil ferers, but the chickeu thief was a professional. Mrs. Brown, mourning the loss of her fowls, complained that she had never seen a darkey rob a hen roost. 44 You know how anxious I am to please you, my dCar," the electrician replied, and that day his exercise was taken in ihe chicken yard. To sit up and watch for a chicken thief was out of the question, for he might come at any hour of the night; but no matter, it was merely a problem of a crossed wire and an extra coil, and the thief trap was made automatic. . At 2 o'clock the next morning a small gong, well muffled, began to ring at the head of the electrician's bed. That indicated that the door leading to the chicken yard had been opened, and he hastily awoke Mrs. Brown and led her to a window that overlooked the scene of action. Tbey reached there in the nick of time, just as the thief opened the door of the fowlhouse, wbifli began the engagement. The electrician knew when r fee inner door was opened, because at that instant — ' " Bang 1 bang!" went two guns by the very Bide of fee thief's head. 4_' Cackle-ackle-ackle-cack-cack- cack — " ex claimed every chicken in fee house, and flut tered down from the roosts -in a panic, and- — Flash ! went the glare of fee stereopticon, making the whole soene bright as day, and showing the thief, frightened out of his wits, running-for life down the lane. " There!" exclaimed the electrician 44 that is the first mistake I have made for five years. I should have had those doors close automatically, but they don't, and now they're both open, and I'll have to send a boy out to close them, or your henswilloll be out and he left the room to call a boy. 44 1 declare, William H. Brown," said his as tonished wife when he returned, 44 you do beat anything I ever saw. How did you make all those things do themselves?" 44 1 am surprised, my dear,"- the electrician ; calmly replied; as he settled himself in the bed again, ""that you should wonder at so simple an effect. . When the thief opened the fowl-house - door, he connected the wire — that was all. The current then entered the wirts that I had fas tened to thei;opa of the roosts, and the chickens, being shocked, fluttered and rttreated. The current was by the same move conducted to the electric lamp in the stereopticon, which was already focussed on the chicken-house door. Ygu know how the Quaker guns were fixed. Nothing could be more simple; the merest novice could do it as well anuiu two minutes more he was asleep. The coloured people of the settlement were chary now about entering any part of the Sea Yiew grounds ; but they took every safe oppor tunity to annoy the Yankee, who, as they thought, was so anxious to kiU them. Among other little spiteful things they made as much nciee as possible in passing the place in the evening, singing, shouting, and even dancing on the smooth road, This they carried to such an extent that at length the electrician said : — 44 This damp night air is not wholesome for those negroes, Thomas. I think they had better be at home before dark, and if you will assist with the atereopticou this evening we will take measures to have the road clear in the future before the night dews begin to fall." Thomas was very willing to assist, and before dark that evening the two electricians were snugly ensconced among the branches of a great almond tree near the road, whence they could see all who passed without being seen them selves. There were many passers-by, bui, the operators waited till it was quite dark, aud then until a large and noisy party approached. When they were fairly past the gate they saw a sight that froze the blood in their veins. First there was a flash of light by the road side, and then a flat rock hurst into a blaze. From the flame there rose a cloud of smoke, aud iu the smoke there instantly appeared the form of a gallows, and from it a man hanging, swaying in the breeze. The black cap was drawn ever his face, and his arms and legs were pinioned. The negroes set up apiereing shriek and turned and fled. Before they were nfty feet away the smoke, the gallows, and the man had all disap peared, but the darkies did not stop till they reached a distant corner, where was a road which would take them homo by a roundabout way. Presently another party of negroes came along, singing, shouting, and chattering. Again the flash, the burning rock, and the smoke. Bat this time, instead of the gallows, there appeared the spectre of a drunken man, holding in one hand a decanter, and in the other an empty glass. Quick as thought the decanter is raised, the glas3 is filled, and the bacchanal lifti it to his lips. But as he does so the glass bursts into flame, and fire pours from the man's mouth. Again a chorus of shrieks, a stampede, and the spectre fades away. After a little time a third party spproached. Ones more a flash, a flame, and a cloud of smoke. And iu the smoke appeared a terrible monster, shaped like a huge shark, but walking on six legs, his sides covered with luminous scales, his long tail forked, and his great red mouth opening wide and clanking shut again, showing his rows of horrible teeth. More shrieks, of course, more running, and then silence and darkness. " 44 1 think, Thomas, that will do for this evening," said the electrician ; 44 by to-morrow our ghosts will be walking all over" the island, and our coloured friends will be spared the consequences of breathing this unwholesome night air." Such wonders as these could not continue long without attracting the attention of the whole island, whites as well as blacks. A rumour reached Government-house that a celebrated electrician from 4; the States" was wintering at Sea Yiew, and when the Governor heard of the Sea Yiew ghosts and miracles he was not slow in putting this and that together and ascribing them to their true cause. When he learned that the electrician was no other than the distinguished William H. Brown, he threw ceremony to the winds and drove out to Sea Yiew one evening to call. Fortunately the bell handle was no longer connected with the dynamo. " j-t lirtTTAWM AVI VtTAn A 1 . auw v v y ciuui it da dr jilCdciillt IGliOWj ftflQ clever, far above . the average Governor in intelligence, and deeply interested in electricity ; so he and the electrician were soon the best of friends and, wonder of wonders, the Governor was taken into the sacred workroom and saw the dynamo in operation. 44 Oh, the ghosts r» the electrician laughed, when the Governor carefully approached the subject. 44 Well, the ghosts answered their purpose. A smoke, the stereopticon, a ghost — the three follow one another naturally. So they thought the rock hurst into flame, did they ? A very natural conclusion. There was a wire running to the rock, of course, connected with the dynamo, and controlled by a key in my own hands in the tree where I was con cealed. A little brown powder on the rock, a touch of the key, a flash, and a smoke. Then the stereopticon, also with us up in the tree, shows upon the smoke any picture we like. Of coarse, you understand how, by moving the double sides, figures can be made to move. Guns ? Oh, yes here are the guns, mere tovs, like Chinese crackers. We have done nothing that was worthy of an amateur, but it has has given us some amusement and saved our - cocoanuts." While the Governor was examining the dynamo, the electrician, the floodgates of speech for once opened, went on : 44 I have prepared a little surprise for my neighbours which I intended to give them to-morrow evening ; but as your Ex cellency is here, and as everything can be made ready in a few minutes, I can just as well let them have it to-night, if you can wait." The Governor was only too happy to wait, and ihe electrician and his assistant hurriedly made their preparations. When all was ready they retired to the detached kitchen in a dis tant corner of the yard, Mrs. Brown, ihe Governor, and the two electricians -fflwf-pniriff themselves in, and leaving fee house in total darkness. 44 This will be the last electrical miracle at Sea View," the electrician said, 44 for I must stop playing, and settle down to work. But \- this will tie at least a lively one, and in a few minutes the grounds will probably be full of people. Perhaps your Excellency will do me the bono or to open the entertainment by -press ing that key." The Governor touched the key indicated, and instantly there blazed up a bright yellow light, apparently issuing from the roof of the house. The electrician then took charge, touch ing a key here and there in the row attached to one of the kitchen tables, and light after light flashed up all along the top of the roof, bursting apparently through the windows, fill ing the, upper air with smoke, in which the flames were reflected again, and making the grounds as bright as day. In the lower parts of the house the flame was red ; everywhere else it was yellow. The electrician touched another key, and a large gong began to ring violently. A man ran up tba road crying 44 Fire !" Another and another. 44 Fire ! 'Fire !" echoed iff eVery direction. Coloured men biirst « Firf 5i,XS. flvektb M S all point- front, « Tiiirht toooh upon hr'"» ». nowfiame ou tl./top oi tie house tpimg : up higher and higher. There is a sojiud of a he.1 "'itSsIhe engine company from the town," the Governor ®ye, and in Tl Aiwther" much upon anothei keJJcoloui Sfeueltow.tdwht0. KTnoSerbkev and there is a rattle of musketry in ail directions, as if a battle were in progress. w .. "Now, watch the house, says the elec r He touches one more key, and there is a tremendous explosion, as if the wbole house were blown to atoms. One key more, aud every light disappears, as if dea Yiew had been swallowed up by the neighbouring ocean. The hour e the grounds, all in total darkness, where an instant before had been a blaze of light. The crowd, blinded for the instant, slowly recovered and groped their way out of the yard. That insane Yankee had played them another tilde 44 Wonderful ! Wonderful!'' exclaimed the Governor, as they made their way back to the house after the people were gene. " But allow ma one question. 1 hat was Greek fire you used, of course. But how did you extinguish ail the lights at the Bame instant ?" 44 Bv merely pressing the key that shut the covers of the tai boxes in which the fire was burned," the electrician repuod. 44 Astonishing !'' exclaimed the Governor. " Merely a little Fourth of July foT a child," said the electrician. "Relaxation for an idle hour. Electricity has tremendous possibilities, but this is play.' _ _ , William H. Brown and the people of the Isle of Delight have equal cause to remember with pleasure the electrician's first winter in the tropics ; the former because of the reconstructed luugs that promise to do him many a year's service, and the latter whenever they look at the electric lights that every night illuminate the Government House and the principal streets of the town — -New York Times. 