As an inevitable sequel to the late flood, the veuerable plan for cattiDg a canal or by-wash from Copenhagen Bend to Saltwater Creek, so as to divert to the latter the surplus waters of the Mary when in flood, has serenely bobbed up again, apparently none the worse for the twentylive years or thereabouts during which it has served toamuse oar flood-stricken community. The earlier generation of Wide Bay settlers, now fast passing away, were much addicted to theorise on schemes of this sort. Iu old almanacs, as well as in the earlier issues of the Chronicle may be tound not a few suggestions from public spirited contributors having reference to the expediency of an early and thorough regulation of the course of our erratic river. From the time when Surveyor Labatt contrived to drive away the inhabitants of what was then Maryborough to its present site, an idea seems to have prevailed that the first thing to be done in order to ensure the prosperity ol the young settlement, was the digging of a straight course lor the Mary across the Granville flats to Great Sandy Strait. Later on, when a number of far sighted residents had invested largely in the picturesque marine township of Bingham, that daring enterprise, the accomplishment of which threatened to leave the River Heads riverless, was abaudoned for the less ambitions scheme of a canal across the peninsula formed by the | sharp river bend known as the Devil's Elbow. Not that any of these schemes ever got beyond the sphere of discussion. Our 'ances tors?' simply took them up or dropped tbew conversationally as the mood or their imagined interests prompted them, with little thought of the mode of accomplishing them | and even less count of their probable cost. To such visionary undertak ings belongs the Copenhagen Bend scheme. It liiijt took shape, we be lieve, iu the teaming brain of some suflerer from the great flood of 1801, and has held its ground with unim paired vitality as a topic of conversa tion germane to every subsequent re currence of that disaster. Whether it will ever get beyond the conversa tional staf,e, who shall affirm or deny? In an age that has done soujelljiii^ towards abolishing the Isthmus of Panama, anil serenely contemplates the bridging of the English Channel as within thespbere of piactical engineering, it would be folly to pronounce any similar pro posal as chimerical. Granled I hat the bed of the Salt Water Creek at its nearest point of approach to Co penhagen liend, lias at a lower level than the Jtiver Mary at that spot, it is indisputable that by cutting a ravine— nothing else would suffice — wide and deep enough to carry off the surplus waters of the flooded Mary, the banks of the latter, from the crt to the mouth of Salt Water Creek, would be relieved to a corres pond ing extent. And whit then? Tho flood stress due to the river it self would doubtless be diverted from a populous to. a less populous locality, where the submersion or large traces of laud would be less disastrous. JHui; how about the owners of froutugesou Salt Wutwi' Oreek, their elainis to compensation foi depreciated value owing to new risks ; how about the level of the existing railway and traffic bridged j'hilw about the effect of the impact of so enormous a .body &f; water rushing down tlie confined valley of the creek and meeting the river at right angles almost at' its narrowest point, on -its general course below that spot? From the narrow gut at Walker's Point, down to the Heads, the general defect of the river is that it is too Wide, and that the absence of a de finite channel causes it either to pursue a tortuous course among masses of alluvium iu process of forming islauds or to spread out over vast mud flats aud sand shoals where only by constant dredging a navig able depth . of water 'pan be main tained. Supposing that the eflect of Hie talked of — we will not say 'pro- posed' — diversion were to aggravate this defect, to tumble the long alluvial peninsula at Walker's Bend into Duudathu Reach, deposit its dis integrated fragments iu an even layer over the whole width of the river bed, silting up the channels, natural aud artificial, raising the average water- level, widening the average water surface, aud playing the deuce generally? Such results are not only possible but likely, and would cer tainly not conduce to the prosperity of Maryborough as a port. Agaiu, there are no data for ascertaining what would be the effect of such a change ou the rich alluvial tract known as ' The Island,' whether the precarious position of the much enduring farmers who tenant it would be improved, or whether it would not rather be rendered yet more pre carious by the gigautic ' swirl' that must be the proximate effect of this wholesale '' meeting of the waters.' Yet again, how is Tinana, running bank aud bank, going to behave at its influx into a river most of whose surplus water has been drained off aud flowing therefore at a height little raised above its average level ! Who shall venture to predictor limit the consequences of the cataractic discharge of so considerable a tribu tary ou the low sandy lands of The Pocket, unprotected, as they then would be, by the wide surface of covering water that at present serves | to mitigate the violence of the Tinana inrush ? When these and similar queries are satisfactorily answered, so that there need be no apprehension of making bad worse, it will be time enough to consider the feasibility of the scheme, and especially the cardinal question of ways and means. At present there is no evidence, save the delusive testimony of common report, that the levels are such as to admit of tbe suggested diversion, assuming that the necessary funds were forthcoming. Nothing is more deceptive than the impression ofa general rise or fall in a tract of country based on superficial examina I tion in the course of a day's ride or drive. The Gympie people have ever since the flood of 1870 — the first within their experience — been af flicted with a ' fad' in manv resnects lesembling the Copenhagen one. It being assumed iu the first instance as unquestionable that the ' twelve mile' or Deep Oreek, entering the Mary just south of Gympie is the principal cause of damage from floods occurring there— a supposition which a glance at the map of the Upper Mary and its numerous large tiibu- 1 tarses will shew to be groundless — it was suggested by somebody learned , in hydraulic science that all future loss could be guarded against by diverting the headwaters of the offending watercourse into another that finds its way into the Noosa river. It was represented that by cutting through a comparatively trifling 'portage' or neck of land Gympie could be at once and lor ever relieved of the inroads of Deep Creek. A desultary warfare on this subject was waged for years in the local, papers, until some provokingly practical personage took it into his head to ' run the levels' over the portage to be canalised, and found that in order to flow on in the new course imagined for it, the upper waters of Deep Creek would have to be raised by pumping or other mean? a height of some 10 or 12 fee t, the channel on the Noosa slope being at the only spot practicable lor cutting through, so much higher than the creek itself. Even this discovery, however, did not quite suffice to lay the ghost of the Deep Creek scheme, which has quite recently been con jured up again as worthy of grave consideration. The proposal to encircle the low lying parts ol the ' Pocket' with a dyke of sufficient height and strength to resist the strongest current is one that commends itself to attention on much stronger grounds. There is little doubt that a bulwark of the requisite solidity could be constructed at less than one quarter of the cost that the Copenhagen scheme weukl entail, that the bed and banks of Tinuna Creek would afford abundance of facing stone — thus at Lhe same time improving aud extending the navigation of that water-course — and that all the earthy material could be obtained in lavish abundance by ex cavating the Long Swamp to such a depth as would adapt it for an inner harbor, which has Jong been one of the cardinal wants of the town. Ah 1 But the expense. This factor in' the argument cannot, unfortunately, lie disposed of by anathematising it in Mantalini fashion. It would have to be faced, and the readiest; means of doing so would be by the appoint ment of a harbor trust with fixed sources of income and ample borrow ing powers. The want of local harbor authorities lias loug been felt, aud though the beet measures they could concert fbr tljo diminution of the loss i periodically accruingto Maryborough through good could be only pallia tive, tho^becasion is a fitting one for renewiug tho agitation iu favor of the crcatiou of such a body. 