The Sinful Slavey of St. Kilda. "That wicked gal," Mrs. Perkins called her, and really, according to Mrs. Perkins, Mary was as desperately wicked and deceit ful a girl as ever was born at Geelong. Mary didn't look wicked. If ever there was a wolf in sheep's clothing, always grant ing that Mrs. Perkins was right, and that she was a wolf, it was Mary. Mrs. Perkins was- the proprietress of a commodious and genteel looking double fronted bearding-house which stands in one of the best positions of the St. Kilda Parade. Mary was the. house-maid, parlor-maid, nurse-maid, footman, light-porter, and boots, all rolled into one. The only por tion of the household duties of which Mary hadnota complete monopoly was the cooking. "Villaminta" has a reputation for being much affected by the elite. Mrs. Perkins numbers among her regular clients many clerical families, and there is always something intensely respectable about the female relatives of the clergy. When the clergymen's dives or widows take a room in your house it really doesn't matter who has the other apartments. An Archdeacon's wife in the drawing-room would neutralize even a young foreign lady with golden hair who smoked cigarettes in the dining-room. There was a Mr. Perkins at " Villaminta," but he didn't matter much. Nobody ever paid the slightest attention to him, except when he was in the way, which he generally was. Mr. Perkins was a melancholy, thin man, of about forty-five. He was supposed to be in delicate health, which prevented him from following any busines.. His one occupation in life was obliterating himself in his own house, and keeping the child quiet. The child was a little girl of six, who was always with Mrs, Perkins when she was naughty. Very humble, very subdued, Mr. Perkins endeavored as far as possible tobe invisible. He was afraid of everybody in the house. Except Mary. Even Mr. Perkins, who allowed himself to be crushed by the cook, and would step aside to allow the boy who came in for an hour of a morning to do the boots to pass, plucked up spirit enough to agree that Mary was " a wicked gal." In addition to Mary and Mrs. Perkins and Perkins, and the little girl, the family con tained an Irish cook of fiery temper and voluble utterance. "An excellent cook," said Mrs. Perkins, "an indefatigible worker -but really, at times, too violent in her language to the tradespeople." Mrs. Per kins confessed that the butcher boy was a fiend, but it was most unfortunate that the Archdeacon's lady should have had her win dow wide open just at the time that cook was informing "the fiend" that he was a murtherin' blackguard, and calling upon the Saints to do him dire and bloodthirsty mis chief. It was in this delightful household that Mary Jones endeavored conscientiously to do her duty. She was a mild, amiable girl, who, after living a life of boarding-house slavey doem from the age of 12 to the age of 25, had some to the coaclesion that what everybody said was right, and that she must be awfully stupid and awfully wicked. Like Topsey, she guessed that she was born so, for she tried her hardest to be good and to please, but somehow or other the fates were against her. On the 17th September, 1886, a day never to be forgotton in the life annals of Mary Jones, "the wicked gal " had been excep. tionally wicked. All day long the kitchen had echoed with cries of " Mary, you wicked gal, you've been and upset the gravy on the stair carpet." " Mary, you wicked gal, do you know that you've left your dust-pan on the sofa ?" " Mary, shure, its a saint from heaven that ye'd be aggravatin', and it's the misthress ye're mutherin' with ye're wicked ways, and she as she is too." This was a de licate allusion on the part of the Irish cook before missus to missus's health, and the ap proaching advent of another little Perkins. Poor Mary had gone hot and cold, and trembled as her various delinquencies were pointed out to her. She had wept and enif fed, and declared more than once that she would go and " drownd" herself in the con veniently situated sea; but for all that she had gone on with her work until she was dead beat, and, as she expressed it, "felt re gularly sinking and all over alike." The evening wound up with a little dis pute between cook and Mary, in which cook loudly expressed her astonishment that Marv wasn't afraid of being struck dead for telling lies ; and then, as was her custom, Mrs. Per kings assembled her husband and domestics for prayer, and prayed a long prayer at Mary, with incidental minor prayers dropped in promiscuously for Mr. Perkins. Prayers over, Mrs. Perkins retired to rest. Mr. Perkins went out in the back yard for his evening pipe, cook locked up the larder, and Mary, having made everything ready for the morning, threw herself on her bed, still dressed, and fell asleep. How'long Mary had been asleep she didn't know, but she woke with a sudden start, and sitting up on the bed, began to rub her eyes and wonder where she was. Somebody was shaking her. "Yes," exclaimed Mary, jumping up, "what is it ?" "Sure it's missus as is took bad, and ye're to go for the doctor at once. Masther won't lave the misthress; she won t let him." Mary was fortunately dressed, and was down stairs,and had her bonnet and shawl on in a minute. She thought master might havegone at such an hour of the night,but she thought it would be wicked to say so, so off she sped towards the doctor's. The doctor's house was in darkness. She felt very nervous about ringing him up, but she supposed doctors didn't mind, so she gave a gentle pull at the bell, which, to her horror, clanged through the house. A window opened above and a head appeared, and the voice belonging to the head asked what was the matter. "Please, sir, will you come to missus, she's took bad," "And who is your missus !" ' Mr,. Perkins, sir, ' Villaminta." "All right. I'll be there directly." Bang went the window down, and Mary, delighted to think that she hadn't made any mistake, or been abused for knocking a gentleman up in the middle of the night, came down off the doorsteps and made the best of her way towards home. When she got there she put her hand in her pocket for the key, which she had brought with her, and to her horror failed to find it. She turned everything out of her pocket again and again; she grew hot and cold. The key was gnme l She must have dropped it somewhere in the road. What should she de ? Knock at the door and explain that she had lost the key. No, she daren't do that. It would up set the missus if she heard of it. Missus was awfully nervous of burglars, and at such a time as the present she musn't he upset. So poor Mary, feeling more wicked than she had ever felt in her life, went back the way she had come, peering along the pave ment, looking into the road, searching every where for the lost latchkey. Theywould be sure to want her for some thing. If there was any work to be done, she was sure to be wanted. Whatever would they think had beoome of her ! Still, she must find the key. Her life would be a burden' to her if she didn't. Cook was as nervous as missue-no one would go to sleep in the house if that latch key was lying about St. Kilda. She walked on rapidly, stopping to look at everything that gleamed or glistened in the moonlight. She picked up a hairpin, an old nail, and a pair of rlaty scissors, but the latchkey was nowhere to be seen. She reached the doctor's house, and then her heart ga e a sudden bound for joy. There lying on the side of the step was the latchkey. She remembered pulling her handkerchief out while she was waiting for the bell to be answeued. She must have dropped the key then. She seized it eagerly, she felt inclined to kiss it and cry over it, but she mastered her emotion, and, clutching it firmly in her hand, was preparing to take to her heels and run as hard as she could, when the doc tor's front door opened, and a ghost came out 1 Yes, a ghost 1 Mary was too horrified to faint-too para lysed to shriek. A long, tall figure dressed in white came gliding out of the door, and passed quite close to her. Mary shrank back against the well and held her breath. But as the figure passed her she saw that the ghost had a human face -a beautiful face- the face of a young w'man. It glided on, across the road, and went slowly towards the parade. Then Mary suddenly recognised the fact that it was not a ghost. It was a ybung woman 'lres4ed in white. But what on earth could a young lady be going on to the Parade for at two o'clock in the morning. The figure reached the Parade, then des sended to the beach, and went slowly down to the sea. What was the strange young lady going to do ? Mary's heart stood still. The young woman had reached the edgeof the waves-they were rolling up and wetting her feot. Great Heavens, the young woman was walking onl -walking into the sea.. She would be drowned. Mary could never think how the sadden courage came, or what put it into her head to do what she did, instead of shrieking. But a sudden strength seemed to take posaession of her limbs-a nervous energy surged up in her brain. With a little cry she ran forward and darted across the beach after the young woman. She was too late. The young woman was in the sea, the waters were closing over her. None of us know how we should act in such a desperate moment. Mary never thought of the danger to herself, of the lonely shore and the wide ocean, and only the stars looked down upon that death struggle. She only saw that a woman was drowning, and she rushed in after her, rushed in madly, and just as a wave of the incoming tide carried a floating form nearer her-she seized the suicide by the dress and shouted for help and dragged with all her might, struggling fiercely to keep her own feet to the ground, and her own head above the waVes. It all seenmed the work of a moment, and then she was on the shore-one desperate tug and she and the suicide lay together side by side on the beach. She heard the sound of voices- and saw two men leaning over her, she heard a shout, and she knew no more until she opened her eyes and found herself in a strange room. "Where am I?" she said. A kind voice ansnwered her, " You are all right." She looked up and recognised the doctor she had been to fetch on the previous night to missus. " Oh dear I" she said, " however did I come here? Let me go home; they'll be wonder ing what's become of me." Then she remembered something of what had happened. "The young lady," she said; " was she drowned 1" " No I" said the doctor, "you saved her, but you mustn't talk any more yet awhile. You shall know all presently." " How's missus 7" " As well as can be expected, and so's the baby." "That's all right," said Mary, with a deep sigh, and then the "' wicked girl" closed her eyes und dropped off to sleep again. When Mary had quite recovered from the excitement and terror of her night's, adven. ture and was able to get up, the doctor told her all about it. The young lady she had seen coming out of this house was a young lady patient who had been staying with him and his wife for the bbnefit of her health. She had had a a love disappointment and had given way to melancholia. Ne serious consequences were anticipated, but it was thought advisable that she should be under the constant supervision of a medical man, so she had been sent down with a trained nurse to the doctor's house by her father, who was a distant re!ative of the dootor. The young lady had grown gradually wor.e, but she had done nothing which would lead to a belief that she contemplatel suicide. The nurse had however been told to watch her carefully, and had done so. The nightthat the doctor was called out the young lady was awakened by the ring ing of the bell. The nurse, who had been suffering from neuralgia, had foolishly taken an opiate to make her sleep, and the young lady, finding herself unwatchel, probably madeup her mind to escape from those she considered her goalers. She must have opened the door and crept downstairs noiselessly in her nightdress, and walked out into the street. Then she saw the sea, and the idea of suicide came into the poor wandering mind. But for Mary's lost latchkey having brought her back to the spot, the young lady's body would probably have been found the next day on the beach, or perhaps picked up at sea. C 3 I I C \When Mary got back to Villaminta miss us, of course, was upstairs in bed, but cook received her and tossed her head, and said it was a nice thing for respectable servant gals to go a roaming the street at night, and jumping into the sea, and she never heard of such things. She wanted to call Mary a " wicked gal," but she didn't quite see how to do it. Mr. Perkins seemed very much upset and looked more scared and dazed than usual. The affair had made a good deal of commo tion in St. Kilds, and people called at the house to make enquiries about it. It had got into the papers, too, and this Mr. Per kins, on his wife's behalf, resented. Mrs. Perkins wasn't quite sure nowher " visitors " would take it, She said it was just like having a murder committed in the house. It made everybody look up and point to her windows, and she was sure there was *a crowd hanging about outside, and if there was, her lodgers would leave. But none of these things happened. As soon as the people in the house heard the story, they all Ideveloped a sudden desire to be waited upon by the brave young woman, and they kept her talking and telling them about it over and over again, till coask de clared she would give notice, for if that " wicked gal," Mary, stopped chattering and scandal-mongering all day long, how was the work to be done, with Missus ill and Master a-wandering about the place and getting in the way as though he'd been brought ashore drowned himself. Mary went about her work as though noth. ing had happened, simply grateful that she hadn't been discharged for her carelessness in losing the latch-key, and her wickedness in rescuing a young woman from the ocean in stead of hurrying home to wait on her missus. .Bat instead of being punished for her wickedness she was rewarded. A few days after she had resumed her domestic duties, and just as she was settling down into her old wicket habits of leaving the buckets on the stairs, and the dust-pan on the sofa, and answering the front door with a dirty apron on, and slopping the gravy from the joint on the stair carpet, the doeter arrived with an old gentleman, and requested to see Mary Jones. Mary came into the hall, cook listened at the top of the stairs, the missus had the bed room door set wide open t+ oatch what she could, and master hung so far over the ban nisters that he was in imminent danger once or twice of falling bodily late the hall below. And this is what they all heard. The old gentleman was the father of the young lady. To show his gratitude for Mary's bravery in plunging into the sea to save the life of his unfortunate daughter, he had come to make her an advantageous offer. He would pay into a bank for her a sum of money sufficient to enable her to start in any little business she chose, or if she was engaged to be married, he would start her and her husband in a nice little lodging house, or any business they might wish to buy. Was Mary engaged? Mary blushed ? Skh wasn't exactly engaged, but she walked out when she had a Sunday off with the baker's young man, and some day they thought of getting married. " The baker's young man-well, I never I" exclaimed cook. "That accounts for her being so long tak ing the bread in," growled Mrs. Perkins, as she gripped the curtains of her bed, and sat upright to hear more. "Very well, my girl," replied the old gentleman. " I leave the rest in my friend the doctor's hands. You understand that anything in reason I can do for you, I will." A month afterwards "that wicked girl" married the baker's young men, and the young lady's father took and furnished for -them a charming little house in Prahran, where they have made an excellent- begin ning. And they have had a magnificent adver tisement to start with, for on her wedding day the Mlayor of St. Kilda publicly pre sented the blushing bride with the Royal Humane Society's medal, and she became quite a local celebrity, and everybody recom mends her apartments. She has developed into quite a smart little landlady, and the baker's young man has turned out a model husband, and very handy in the house, and Mrs. Perkins never wheels her now baby pant their house with out noticing that there are no cards in the window, and she shrugs her shoulders and says to her mild and still slightly dazed Mr. Parkins, " Some people are lucky-her hus band isn't a fool-ker rooms are never empty, but then she owes it all to me, for she'd never have been where she is if she hadn't gone and lost the latch-key in the middle of the night; and fancy her carrying ?n all that time with thebaker's yorng man, and nobody knowing of it. Ugh ! the wicked gal I" 