TUESDAY, DECEMBER 30m, 1890 Sojik of tlie - shareholders and de positors in the Premier Permanent Building Society must Lave Lad "ii'Lad Clrristmas tliis yeaiv The widows, for [ example, whose husbands in tlieir lifetime Lad made, as tLey thought, provision for them. andtLeirLttle ones wLen tLe Lreadwinner was no longer tliere to look after.-them; tLe poor fellow, no longer able to toil, who thought if ministers of tLe Crown were directors of a Society it . must neces sarily be a sure thing, and invested Lis last'farthing in it, feeling secure of something for' Lis declining days; the spinster—that unfortunate crea ture who ean.no longer, look for. mar riage,and ekes out horseanty earnings, putting by a little, week by week, to secure her against want' in her de clining years—what ghosts these must be, or ..ought, to be, to the nien who wrecked the Society by their wretched incapacity, indifference, and neglect When we read of such men being acquitted, and told from the bench that they leave the court without -a stain'- upon, their characters, we say vehemently that it is not the fact, save id the legal jargon of the courts. The very advertisement . of the Society, pro claiming far more than its- solvency-, and which the directors, lent their names to, was nothing less than a lie, and if they- were : unaware of. it, it simply proves that they were men wholly destitute of business ' qualifica tions, and had accepted the posi tion solely for their self-glorification. To: dismiss such men as stainless of offence, morally and legally, is a public injustice, and is simply to offer a premium to other shallow-pated self conceited men. to fohow in their foot steps. If the judgment passed i upon certain/ of tlie defendants in the late trial is to he accepted by the community at - large 'as a righteous one, the logical ,* conclusion is that every director . of, a public company should be examined as to his mental condition and general acquaintance "with arithmetic before that company could legally call ' upon the public for support; otherwise, if the business went wrong, the directors could plead incapacity, ignorance, tho very best of intentions, but no know-, ledge whatever of finance.;' There is not one of the men who stood that ordeal of trial but slioidd have been made to feel by some short term of imprisonment the dire mischief ho had done to the individual and the country, not by intent, but by accepting , a position of grave responsibility .for whichhe wasinnowise fitted, but wliich he must- have had sense . enough toknow might, through his ignorance, lead to difficulty. and disaster that he would be unable to avert. That Mnuits and DoirimTV have been made, scapegoats ,for the. rest does not satisfy, the public conscience at alL It was possible, to.the, directors,at any time to have given'those officers their dismissal, and called in new men to advise and assist them for the better i management of the Society's affairs. It inay be said that this was done in the case of Miraais, but when, and in what manner? • Only when_,;tlie hank- "scented" - danger, and put on pressure, and -Mtrajis himself was willing to go because'he thought; he had something better, when the directors threw dust in the eyes of the shareholders by bidding the secretary an affectionate adieu, and putting a thousand pounds cheque into his hand as a solatium for the loss of his position." The whole crew were, to use a- vul garism, " in the swim,"—not to steal the funds of the society, certainly, "but to use the institution to further their own personal ends without re gard to the injury it might suffer, or how their acts might prejudice tho interests of the depositors and share holders. "With the sentence of twelve months' imprisonment passed on MrRAMs no one can reasonably find • fault, terrible as it is, no doubt, to a man who has occupied a distinguished position in the Legislature, and in' commercial circles, and ■ who might easily enoughto-day havebeenpremier "of the colony.. - gc-13utpilmAiis was not only, the secretary of the Society, hut its founder, and through his-pprsonal influence other .men s of public note werVaffractedfb' it,' tbbk" an active interest-in its business, , and'-'- looked to the! secretary;as their friend,: counsel lor .audguide.. rButi the -time came when Mnuiiis' private interests divided his-iaftentioh: with Ids, duty^fo the '"Society,* aiid^he callously "allowed the latter to. drift into hopeless insolvency, being engaged meanwhile in building up, as he thought, his private fortune. That between the two stools ho came to the ground, is now well known. But in bringing liimself to ruin and degra dation,-lie has unfortunately brought down the Prenner Permanent Building Society also,'and although we may. deplore; Min.uis' sad plight, we must not forget the hundreds who, but for his wretched ambition, preceded as it wasbyhis neglect of the Society's inte rests, might have knownno stint ofliap piness.and hnjoyment; at this festive: season, instead of lamenting in sack cloth their misplaced confidence in the little man-apd his equally little colleagues, j'V — 