CRUMBS. ' "Iduaa. Disloyal ' Disgusted. Hustled out. Explanations. . Mum's the word. Impulsive Jamie. . A Howeling mess. "Safe and Bight." " Barkis is willing." Precipitated matters. Voting their own salaries. Lord of Quoin farewelled. A pretty Howe do you do. Rain, rain, nothing but rain. Have you registered your dog ? Eli, aboriginal, 106 years old, dead. Unlucky viator has won a race at last. ' Willaston Bridge is becoming notorious. Remember the poor in this cold weather. 1 ' Unhappy Mr. Howe in his explanations. - With what was Mr. Howe discontented? Cowardly conduct by Ministerialist Cowan. Barabba opposes progressive land tax. Good. Diplomatic tyranny with Democratic bom bast. Police agitation is going beyond lawful limits. A boy criminal unhappy in nature and name. Heavens weeping over the loss of Jamie j Howe. What will the Burra do without Messrs. Drew? £30,000 for 64 feet frontage to King William street! . Hungary wife murderers have been let down lightly. ' Alfred Hellman (13) charged with horse stealing. ■ A State boy-started horsestealing'at the age ! of thirteekri • A special performance of the Cockburn Sur prise Party. Mr. Cowan opposes any increase in payment | of members. Mr. Cowan has full charge of the Govern ment muzzle. An Autocratic Premier of a Democratic j Government. . For the police to league itself to ruffianism is j unpardonable. | Of course Grainger doesn't know how to j work the oracle. Has the Commissioner left because he felt the ship sinking? After no light trouble, Leeds strikers have got higher wages. Mr. Pilgate was on the Committee of the Jockey Club in 1856. New South Wales is in earnest about the Broken Hill Railway. St. Andrew's Sootch Church has a jolly Irishman for a parson. Chinese will give Mr. Justice Pater a banner, but what will he do with it? Enough to make the old Duke get down off his horse in this rank mutiny. Quite right, Mr. Kingston—it was a scanda lous proceeding to stifle discussion. Mr. CaldwelL the Parliamentary patron ef women, urged their franchise claim. Railway Commissioners pay £30,000 a year for a long lease of the Barrier traffic. There must he a political reason for making a mountain^out of the p^toral affair. Hawaii has had a Ministerial crisis. Hasn't a dwarf the same feelings as a giant ? One of the best Commissioners in the Lands | Office has left the Cockburn Ministry. Northumbrian miners have got another | advance, making 30 per cent, increase. Has Dr. Cockburn taken his new Minister as a model that he tries to say so little? A martinet of an Adjutant and an easy going Colonel and the mischief is done. Bravo South Australia; Mr. Burnell's brain I has won £40,000 from shrewd wool spinners. The Grenadiers don't believe that their | Colonel Crichton is of the Admirable order. By way of a change, Geelongs would like to play with an Adelaide team that can kick a goal. Earthquake favoured Blinman. Jealous Adelaide has had nothing shocking lately to report. Nurse Moore paid £10 rather than fulffl a perpetual engagement to nurse Sana Lovell, aged 60. Because if one cooees in the Marble Palace, he may be heard, members speak of the A-cooe-istics of the Chamber. The proposal to hold a Murray Waters Con ference is important, for may not Autoorat Parkes declare war on the subject ? The next time young. Hellman takes up a felonious enterprise he won't blab his plan of campaign to a plain-clothes constable. Victoria has reduced the curriculum of pupil teachers by 25 per cent. Now, then, Mr. Hartley, you have both occasion and precedent. There is a good deal! of whistling over mining specs, so that it is not inappropriate for the Mining Exhibition to be opened by a Eife. Outbreak of bigamy. In Sydney a girl of 22 has been committed on a charge, Went worth has a case, and a six-wived monster con cerns London. Honour is liko_ the eye, which cannot suffer the least impurity without damage. It is a preoious stone, the price of which is lessened by the least flaw. Two new words, badly needed, have just been coined—"Typoscribe," one who works a type-writer; and "Typescript," the "copy" produced by a typoscribe working a type writer. Memoribilia.—William Prince of Orange was invested with the Stadtholderate of Hol land on July 3,1672. This Prince was then only twenty-one years of age, but his skill as a military commander had already gained him much notoriety. He was of a oold and sullen disposition and it is said nothing but a battle ever roused him to any sort of animation. Obituaries.—On July 3,1642, ended the un happy life of Maiy de Mediois, wife of Henry IV. of France and mother of Louis XIII. She was a woman of violent temper, but received much provocation both from her husband and son. tjpou Ring Henry's death she was ap pointed Regent during her son's minority; but Louis was afterwards induced to rebel against her, and after much, quarrelling she died in exile forsaken and neglected. Memorabilia.—Virginia, now one of the United States of America, was discovered on July 4,1584. Two barques fitted out by Sir Walter Raleigh sailed on this voyage of dis covery under the command of Captains Barlow and Amidas. The new country was called by the natives Wingondaooa, but was named by the English Virginia in honour of the maiden Queen Elizabeth. Virginia contains many natural curiosities, among which maybe men tioned Weger'a and Matterson's Caves, whioh are hung with stalactites, the Blowing Cave, which emits a current of _ oold air m hot weather, and the Natural Bridge, whioh is the subject of a well-known and thrilling narrative by Elihu Burritt. Obituaries.—The 4th of July ended the earth life of three celebrated writers. ThefirstSamuel Bichardsom died 1761. He was a man of most amiable character, and in such high estimation were his novels held, that they were frequently recommended even bom the pulpit. His first publication, " Pamela," was so well received that it ran through five editions in a year, but perhaps his beet' work was "Clarissa." Our second author was Fisher Ames, an American political' writer, who died 1801\. He was a member of tlie'House of Re presentatives and President of Harvard College. And lastly, this day brings to mind the death of Bishop .Biohard Watson in 1816, who distinguished himself both in ids political and theological writings. Obituaries.—Pauhri ASmilus, a Canon in the Paris Cathedral, died July 6, 1629. He spent thirtyyears of his life in writing the history of the Kings of France, which work being unfinished at the tame of his death, was con tinued and published by Arnold Feron. Also on July 6,1614, died another French chronicler and memoir-writer, Pierre de • Bourdeillee Brantome. The style of his writings was witty and elegant, and he was much admired at the time he lived. He was Chamberlain to Charles IX. and Henry IIL, and fought in the Frenoh army. Memoribilia.—On July 6, 1765, was erected in Trinity College, Cambridge^ a statue of one of the greatest and humblest men the! world has ever known—Sir Isaac Newton. A pro* found soholar, a loyer of peaoe, devout in rcligion. and patient in suffering. A few days before his death he spoke the following memor able words:—" I know not what I may appear to the world; but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the sea shore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble, or a prettier shell, than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me." Memorabilia.—If, gentle reader, you refer to 2 Kings xxv. 8, you may learn that it was on the 7th day of the month about b.o. 687 that the City of Jerusalem, with its gorgeous temple, palaoes, and walls, was destroyed, and its .inhabitants, "like dumb, driven cattle,", were carried into captivity. This ter minated the Israelitish < monarchy,. which, reckoning from the aooession of David, had existed 466 years,—Hie French Army evacuated Leith under Articles of Treaty, July 7. 1660.—That antiquarian searcher among (the dry dust of the past will have it that our National Anthem, " GodSave the King," was written by "Bare Ben Jonson," set to music by Dr. Bull, and was firstjperformed on July 7, 1607, in Merchant Tailors' HaQ by the choir of the Boyal Chapel, and in the presence of James I. and his Court, Obituaries.—The death of Edward L of England took place July 7,1307, aged sixty eight. This is the longshanked monarch, yon know, who pitched into the Saracens so un mercifully in Palestine, who conquered Wales; created his son Edward, Prince of that country, subdued Scotland, took its King, -. John Baliol, prisoner, and who, on account of the excellent laws which he framed, has been called "The English Justinian."—John Husa the famous Bohemian Church reformer, was burned at the stake as an incorrigible heretio, July 7,1416, at Con etanoe. Having created a pretty considerable stir at [Prague (and elsewhere by his propaga tion of the dootrines of the Beformation.ne was summoned to appear before the Council of Constanoe. The Emperor Sigismund promised to proteot him on his journey and back, but the members of the Council decreed that "no faith iB to be kept with heretics," and as Hubs refused to recant he was favoured with the crown of martyrdom. Obituaries.—-Cleambrotus, King of Sparta, received his death | wound at the Battle of Iieuotra, July 8, b.o. 371. The Thebans, by whom he was opposed, were commanded by Epaminondas, who gained such a decided victory that the Spartan army was almost entirely annihilated, and the pre-eminence of Sparta in Greece was brought to an end. Pope Gregory XV. repeated his Nunc Dimitus for the last time July 8, 1623, in the seoond year of his pontificate. He was the descendant of an anoient Bolognese family and the author of " Epistola ad Begem Peisaram" and several other learned works,— Did you ever hear of one John Peter Niceron ? Well, he was an eminent French biographer in his day, and he gave up the ghost at Paris July 8,1738. He entered the religiouB Order of the Barnabites and became a popular preacher. He was also Professor of Philosophy and Theology. Among his works were " Memoirs of Men Illustrious in the Bepublio of Letters," and "The Conversion of England to Christianity." Memorabilia.—It is related by some of the older historians that on July 8, A.D. 17, the Island of This, one of the Sporades belonging to the Greoian Archipelago, rose bodily out of theeea. Perhaps so. Many more likely things happen at C.-U.C. — A curious Acb was passed July 8, 1483, providing "that they who dwell in the stews of Southwark shall not be impannelledt nor keep any inn exoept there." Funny wasn't it?—It was on a bright summer morning, July 8,1497. that the Indian Expedition of Emmanuel, King of Portugal, commanded by the famous Vasoo de Gama, sailed from the Tagus. They doubled the Cape, November 20. You may remember that Meyerbeer founded his splendid opera "L'Africane" upon this expedition. Memorabilia.—Those who have visited Glas gow will doubtless remember the fine Cathe dral of St. Mungo, which is said to be one of the most beautiful in Europe. It standsin the north-eastern part of the city, on the bank of a stream known as the Molendinar burn. This Cathedral was consecrated on July 9, 1136, by Bishop Achaius. But it was not then the imposing building that it is at the present day, having been gradually enlarged by the succeeding Bishops of Glasgow sinoe the time of Achaius. It was originally intended to be built in the form of a craest but this design has not been carried out. Asitnowstandsithas a massive tower in the centra, to which a spire bas been added, the whole being 225 feet, high. 