Cricket. Tho Warwick ard Belvidere elevens continued their match on tho University Oval on Saturday. Tho wicket, though a triile slow, owinj: to tho rain which fell during tho week, waa easy, and tho batsmen played the bowlin,' with tho greatest confidence^ On tho previous Saturday Belvidere had loat ono wicket for 241. Moses 125 and Iredale 2, tho not outs, con tinued. Tho lattor was the first to go after an oxo&llently-oompiled; 3J. At 105 Moses gave Howell a hard drive back, which that bowler held with h's ono hand. In compiling tho largest individual scoro obtained in the club, Moses played particularly safo cricket. Ho did not give tho ghost of a chanco. W. Richardson did not display his usual freedom, though his leg hitting was fair. fairfax, Crano, and Halli gan all contributed their quota towards tho already gigantic total, with 42, 55, and 51 not ont respec tively. So far Johnston has obtained most wickets (three), Howeiiis responsiblo for two, and Wightman and Payten ono each. Tho fielding was again good, especially Gregory and Howell; while a word ol' praise is due to Prescott for allowing only seven sun dries in a total of 497. Scores : BELVIDERE. H. Mosas, o and b Howell ... ... 1G5 C. Richardson, c sub, b Payten ... 113 F. Iredale, b Johnston ... ... 86 W. Richardson, b Wightman... ... 28 D. Aitken, b Howell ... ... ... 0 A. W. Crano, c Howoll, b Johnston ... 55 W. fairfax, b Johnston ... ... 42 M. Halligan, not out... ... ... 51 Sundrios ... ... ... ... 7 Total for seven wiokets ... ... 497 By fur tho most interesting senior oriokat match on Saturday waa that botwoen the two youngest senior clubs, tho Sydnoy and Orientals, on tho Association Ground ; but tho attendanco was by no moans so good as tho display of cricket deserved. On tho previous Saturday tho now senior club, tho Orientals, had mado 233 for tho loss of nine wickets, but their scoro waB not increased on Saturday. Tho Sydnoy toam then batted on a good wickot, which, however, was a trifle BIOW. M'Konzio and Sydney Gregory both (ailed to score, and tho chances of their side wore by no moans promising until Clark and Cottam got together, and gave tho spectators tho treat of witnessing first-class cricket. Both played in attrac tive style, but Cottam infusod tho most da:-h into tho gamo. Both were caught, Clark for 52, and Cottam for 69. Robinson 26, .Newell 18, and Hume not out 24, all played well for their runs. Tho innings closed for 215 runs, and thc Orientals started their seoond innings, and so weil did their first mon play that 42 runs woro registered for the loss of only ono wicket, whon tho Btumps were drawn. Kaysor, who recently performed BO well with tho Sydney juniors in Molbourno, totted up 25 not out in good style. Following are tho scores : ORIENTAL.-First Inninga. F. Luland, c Brewster, N. M'Kenzie, o aub, b b Gregory ... 26 Nowell ... ... 15 C. Patriok, bBrowstor 24 Bull, o Brewster, b A. M'Crea, o Noblo, b Newell ... ... 9 Grogory ... ... 24 Williama, b Hume ... 0 W. Brodie, o Noble, b Shepherd, not out ... 0 Newell ... ... 91 SundrieH ... 22 F. Kay sor, b Gregory 22 S. Merrick, lbw, b Ne well ... ... 0 - M. Pierce, lbw, bNewell 0 Total ... 233 SYDNEY.-First Inninga. M'Kenzie, lbw, b Davis, run out ... 0 Pierce ... ... 0 Noble, b Williams ... 0 Clark, o Luland, b Brewster, o Shepherd, Pierce ... ... 52 b Brodie ... ... 7 Gregory, run out ... 0 Hume, not out ... 24 Cottam, c M'Kenzie, b Warren, lbw, b Brodio 2 Merrick ... ... 69 Sundries ... ... 7 Robinson, b Williams 26 - Newell, o Shepherd, Total ... ...215 b Williams ... 18 Bowling Analysis.-Pierce, two for 77; Williams, three for 56; Morrick, one for 46; Brodie, two for 21. ORIENTAL.-Seoond Innings. M'Crea, b Nowell ... 12 Pierce, not out ... 5 Kayser, not out ... 25 - Total for 1 wicket 42 A cricket match was played on the Belmore wickot on Saturday between John Sands and Roslyn CC. (S. E. Lees), whioh resulted iaaviotoryon the first innings for the formor. Scores : John Sands, first innings 110 ; Roslyn, firat innings 24, second innings one wicket for 53. For tho winners W. Allon, A. Furse, Woods, and A. Gorman made the score.; while F. Nathan, R. M'Evoy and Deunoo played best for tho loBors. A. Furae and P. Kennedy bowled for tho winners; and F. Nathan and H. M'Evoy did tho trundling for the losers. Petersleigh and Arncliffe played on tho formor's wiokot, Marrickville, and tho match resulted in a victory for Petersleigh by 13 runs. Scores : P.C.C., 45 ; A.C.C., 32. For tho winners, Brian (10), Weston (8), and Ogden {8 not out), batted best; while for tho losers, Firth (10) waa tho only ono to do anything against the fine trundling of Ogden and Weston. Gear ing and Nunn did the damage for tho losers. Silvermero played Balmain Alliance on Connelly's Paddock, North Shore, and tho matoh resulted in a win for tho former by 68 runs. Scores : B.A.C.C., 23 ; S.C.C., 91. For the winners, Howard Fleming played a good game for 45, while Miller (4) made top scoro for tho losers. C. Holland, two for 8, and B. Holland five for 2, bowled best on the winning sido; while Livingstono and Hume bowled best for the loaors. Petersham and Frankfort played on tho latter's wicket, the result being a draw. Sooros : Frankfort, 83; Lees 25, Jaokson 23, Lowe 12. Petersham, BÍX wickets for 71 ; Spence 34, Hodgson 10, Preston 10. Tho following bowled well for Petersham : Taylor, three wickets for 13 ; Spence, four for 26 ; while Jaokson and Temploton bowled woll for Frankfort. The EVENING NEWS played S. T. Leigh and Co. on Camperdown Park, tho game resulting in a win for tho former. For tho winners, Watson showed somo hitting power in compiling his 46, and was ably assisted by Nicholson with 14; whilo Dickinson and Lamont scored 6 a piece for tho losors. In tho bowling Watson and Robinson officiated for the NEWS, and for S. T. Leigh and Co., Faucett did good sorvico, Dickinson hoing tho most successful associate. Tho scores wero : NEWS. 88 ; S. T. Loigh and Co., 33. Tho Mansfield mot tho Paddington Borough on Saturday, tha game resulting in a draw in favor of tho Borough team. Mansfield batted first, and woro disposed of for a total of 87, to which Hayes con tributed 27, Mulready 14, and Perry not out 13. Gillies was the most effective bowler for tho Borough, who when time was called had run up 38 for the loss of two wickets. Gillies was credited with 18 before he was bowled by Arnold, and A. Nobb mado 10 not out and Richardson 9 not out. Callan Park gave the Socond Warwioks a bit of leather-hunting on Saturday. Going in first they rattled up 265 runs, J. Floyd hitting in brilliant stylo for 125 rune, when ho rotired. Tho Warwicks had made 21 without tho loss of a wiokot, when time was called ; but although that average wa3 a winning one, I do not suppose they will olaim that the draw was in their favor^ Tho Ivanhoe A team gained a very easy victory over tho Surry Unitod on Saturday. Tho Surry United mada SI runa, Alkina contributing 31. Tho Ivanhoe then rattled up 88 for tho I033 of four wickets, R. O'ßriim playing in excellent form for 4L runs. A. Hannigan mado 1G, and J. "Williams 18 ; S. Bowden, R. O'Brien, and E. Bennett Lev/led well for tho winnora, tho ilrat- namcd doing most damage. Atkins, Ironsido, and Gifford trundled well for tho losers. An cloven of tho Cassilis cricketers visited Turee Valo on Saturday labt, and mot an eleven of tho local club. After a woll- contested game throughout, tho C*«3ailiaites came off victorious with 18 runs to the good. Mr. V. M'Donough played well for tho Cassilis team, totting up 27 in each innings. Bodfern Carlyle and Kingston United played at Newtown on Saturday, und tho match was won by tho former by 9 run?. Seores : Carlyle, 45 (Curphey 15, Lucas 9, and Wills 8) ; United 3G, and eight wickets for 13 (M'Namara 25 and Barnshaw 10). For tho winners Curphoy, Skephord, and Lucas were in good form with tho ball, aa wa3 also M'Namara for the Kingston United. A very pleasant match was played in tho Leich hardt Park on Saturday botwopn tho I. Zingari Veterana and tho Leichhardt Club. The Veterana put together 55, W. Edgar making tho lion'a share of the runs, 39, beforo ho was bowled by F. Jones, Clemonta secured four wickets for 32, and F. Jones six wickets for 21 runs. Tho batting of tho Leich hardt representatives was much moro oven than that of their opponents, and they totted up 95 runa beforo thoy woro all diaposod of. W. Jonea scored 25, 0. Clomont 12, F. Jones 13, Shoosmish ll, and Parke 10 not out. Capo four wickots for 35, and Hemaloy three wiokota for 20 wore tho most auccossful Zingari bowlers. Tho committee of tho Public Schools Athletic Association aro to bo congratulated upon tho attempts thoy havo mado to oncourago both football and cricket. In a circular dated Novembor 1 tho committeo announce that in tho hope of developing" and maintaining well-organised nthleties in our schools they havo determined to offer a challenge trophy for competition among tho cricket oin bs of the various public schools during tho season 1890-91. It ia propoaod that tho inatohos should bo played on Friday afternoons after school hours, and all sohools intending to bo represented should at onco intimate their desire to tho honorary secretary, Mr. W. F. M'Manamoy. A meeting of ladies interested in tho formation of a ladies' cricket club was held on Nov. 18, at the resi dence of Miss Lewis, Devonshire-street. Tho result of tho meotingwas that a club waa duly formed, and it was deoided to call it the ' Original Sydney Ladies' Cricket Club.' Miss ll. Dean, well-known in cricket- . lng circles, waa unanimously chosen to till tho position of captain. Miaa Lewis was olected as treasurer, and Misa Carnham aa senrotary. A selection committee was then formed consisting of Miases Dean, Carnham, and B. Henderson. Tho latter lady, wo mey men tion, has givon considerable assistance in help ing to bring tho undertaking to a succeasful issue. After eomo discussion, a very neat costume (submitted by Misa G«rnham) waa decided upon to be worn in playing publio matohos. It waa also agreed that practice should be held daily, as those present were very onthuaiaatio in tho matter, and expressed their firm determination to let nothing daunt them in ' any way. A number of rule3 and regulations wera submitted to tho meeting, which were adopted. Ladies elosirous of becoming membera of tho club can. obtain all noceasary particulars by applying to the hon. seorotary, Misa Carnham, Cambrian Lodge, 492, Elizabeth-street, Redfern. The matones for tho onp presented by Messrs. F. T. Wimble and Co. for competition among clubs be- . longing to tho Printers' Cricket Association wero re sumed on Saturday afternoon, with the following result: - Batson und Co. v. REFEREE - Seores: REFEREE, first innings, 25G (Merchant 59, Cornford 55, Lonnen 42, Hales 29, Wolch not out 16, Evans 15) ; Bataon and Co., 57 (Young not ont 24) and 40 (C. Bentley not out 80). For tho winnora Cope and Woloh bowled very well, while for tho losers O'Brien . was the most successf ul trundler. Marcus and Andrew v. S.M. HERALD-Scores: Marcus and Andrew, 63 (Houghton 17, Vaughan 10) and 118 (Lamont 47, Houghton 3G, G. Baldock 15) ; S.M. HERALD, 40 (M'Kay 24) and two wickets for 2G (M'Kaynot out 10).. Lamont bowled boat for Marcus and Androw, while Pierce and Brown divided the honora for the HERALD. Tho latter match will not bo continued until the 6th proximo, owing to the annual wayzogoose of the HEKALD taking place next Saturday. A considerable number of people assembled on Maitland Park on Saturday afternoon to witness the various cricket matches. Tho principal ono was a contest between 15 of Northumberlancl Club and the lat eleven of tho Pearla Club, and resulted in a easy victory for tho latter with six wickets to spare. Tho scores being Northumber land 80, Pearla 219 for four wiokets. Tegg played a great hitting innings for 93 not out. Guilfoylo carno noxt with a well-got 72, and Kerrigan Contributed 25 by aterling cricket. A match also took placo between the best eleven of tho Grota Club and tho 2::d eleven of Pearls, which roaulted in a triumph for the visitors. The scores being Grota 92, Pearls 90. A third match oamo off on tho Albion Cricket Ground betweon the 2nd elevon of East Maitland and 2nd eleven of the Albions, and this resulted in a win for East Mait land, tho scores being 83 runs to 74 secured by their opponents. An enjoyable game waa indnlgod in by the Lands Office team and tho Laurel Lawn Tennis Club on , Saturday. Tho Laurels put up 97 in their firat and only inninga, Carter contributing 23, Gilman 17, Parry 16, and Wootton 15. The Lands Office made . only 34 in their firat inninga and 5G in their second; Julian with 13 and 14, Meads 2 and 15, and M'Keon ' 2 and ll wera tho principal scorers. Concerning QuoonBland cricket our Brisbane corre spondent writea : The Stanleys, who have a remark ably strong batting team thia aoason, ran up the fine ' acoro of 270 for eight wickots on Saturday, against tho Civil Service C.C. Hector Perkins played in first-class style for 103, hitting brilliantly, and every- ' one was pleased to soe this popular batsman showing , something of hiB old form. The Stanley professional, M'Millan, troated the spectatora ti a very good dis play of patient cricket, compiling 67 not ont, without .* giving tho somblance of a chanca. Munro 26 and Connmgham 35 wore also in geo! form. Those old rivals, the Uniona and Alberte, tried conclusions ' again last Saturday, and, so f; r, tho gamo appears * to bo a very oven ono, for thou}, h tho former had a slight load on the first innings, they havo lost five wickets for 29 in their second essay with the bat ; an f : ox-Second Albert player, H. Darragh, being in great ' form with tho leather. The old Double Bay-ito, J. J. Taylor, again performed creditably w^th the ball for thc Unions, securing fonr wickets for 15 rnnH. On Saturday tho Cooerwull and Mount Victoria Clubs played on tho gronnd of tho latter a one inninga matoh, with the following result : Cooerwull, 101 ; Mount Victoria, 108 for tho losa of eight wickots. .For Cooerwull, J. Sharpe made 28 and : Tessimons 82, while for Mount Victoria Benington. 5G and C. Delany not out 26 wero the highest Boorers. ^ Oatley bsat the Wellesley Club in Moor ?> Park on Saturday hy 17 rnu3. Turner, Brierly, braham, and Church distinguished tho ^solves for tho winners, whilâ Caitlin, Hocking, aud Scrids did most s¿rv ico for tua Wdiled ey Cub. A matoh was played at Scone last Saturday be tween the Scone and Muswellbrook clubs, resultiaj in a victory by tho formor for 79 runs. >cono read-. 71 in their first inumgj. and Muswellbrook 7Ü. lu their seoond attempt th-,> local men misda 137 with tho loss O' five wickets, whoa they declared their innings closed, and anding their opponent'' in, disposed of them for 53 mas. For Scone Dr. Scott m ide 22 und 63 (retired) in fino> s tv li; W'ib for Muswoll rook, J. C. Foley pl yod well for 17 and 21. Smith (Scono) and Foley (Muswellbrook) cntamod tho b aï b iwiing avertigne. Dc. Scott is in tho team a-.iectiid to prj.o tioo for the intercolonial matoh, but ho hus not yet j iarnod op in Sydr¿oy. 