a sporting slander case. kelly v. qill- THE RUNNING OF MOOREBAXK IN THE CAULl'IKLD GUI'. The trial of tho action brought by Patrick Kelly, horsc-tralncr, against dame's B.Gill, for tlio recovery of 16000 damage for slander, was continued before Mr Justice Williams and a jury of 12 in tho .Supreme Court to-day. Dr Maddcu and Mr W. Fink were for tho plaintiff, instructed by Messrs Fink, Best nnd Phillip. Mr Wood, Mr Johnston and Mr Duffy wcic for the defendant, instructed by Messrs Madden nnd lliuler. Frank Madden, solicitor for tlio defen dant, said : Yesterday Murray, one of tho witnesses beckoned to me, nnd in consequence of that I spoke to Murray. Owing to what be said I saw tho two VViisou'.i and Kcllv talking to them. That conversation took place just through the class door. To Dr Madden : I was called out to fee these men and I made it my special business to.obcervc tbem. Charles Murray, recalled, said i Yester day I saw Kelly talking to the two Wilson. They went out together, ami I saw Mr Kelly ami tho Messis Wilson talking to- gethvr. To Dr Madden : They were standing near tho glass door. I was aware that tho Wil sons were coming to give evidence. John Wilson, re-called, said : I don't think I was posted for over L1SQ0. I could not say uuless 1 bad my book. Thoro was a dispute. His Honor : Don't you know the amount ? —No, I am paying the amount oil. Dr. Madden : Did you pay Lou Lyons a shilling !— I think it was Ixm Lyons. You nro not tho sort of man to go round paying money to people whom you do not know ? — It may havo been Jack Martin. They are very much alike. (Laughter). James Lccsou, jockey, said : I have been a jockey alwut fivo years. I began ridiug in New Zealand. I hnvo won a good many races. I knew Moorcbank was a good Itorso. I whs engaged by Mr Murray to ride thu horse, nnd got instruc tions from Gill. Ho said there was some thing up witli the horse, and ho should bo ridden out. Tho horso sweated, but wns othenviso in good condition. I noticed in tho preliminary canter lie was terribly sleepy. Ho got a fair start. About . (ho first six furlongs ho was in a good position, lint when Meteor nmilo his big rut£l bit hitn with tlio spurs and ho stopped. Ho hung back. He kept the snmo place afterwards. At thu turn I hit him and ho rolled from thu inside to tho outside of the course — Mvorved, you ni.»y call it. I was riding him nil the timo with iny hands, and he wns rolling all the time. I was riding him out. Ho tiuhhed second iasthohiud the horses that were pulling up. He was very bad when ho pulled up. Ho did not want pull ing, but btopped himself. Tho horso shook all over. 1 know how a roztic behaves. His Honor : Do all rogues bohavo the aamuway; (Laughter.) Witness : This horso did not givo mc the idea nf being a rogue. After tho race was. over I did not take much notice of tlio horso aa regards sweating. I had a conversation with Kelly. I said the horsn ran liko a cow. 1 did not say that ho did not try a yard. .Supposing tho horso had becu tam pered with nnd interfered with I can't say what effect that would have on tho horse running afterwards. To l)r Madden s I havo been in Now Zea land lately to sec my pcoplo." I left New' Zealand on 1st May. I got an invitation from Mr Gill tr> como up over this cucc. 1 have been at Mordiallou since. 1 hnvo two horses to took after there. I sometimes stop at the Globe Hotel. My cxptnsj have nut been paid us yet. Dr Madden : Toll us what a roguo docs? — Hu generally lays back hi cars, jams his toon iu, and won't go a yard. An honest lioi'Ko in clii-trus will ntako a try cvury timo hu is hit. To slop when a horse in spurred in liku a rogue. I nit him twice at tho turn. Ho rolled and had hi cars Imck. Tho way ho was racing showed ho wns a rogue. A horso iu distress will setback Ids earn. Thu horsu was not blocked. A roguo will run 'nut of bis course when hit. I saw that tho horso was beat, nnd did not want lo knock him ulxmt. ' I saw tlio horso wns beat, and had no earthly chance. He may havo been knocked about with tho spur. lie pulled up pretty bad. Ho was staggering. I did not men tion this to tho stuwnrd. 1 was not asked. I (old them all I was asked. To Mr Wood: Before tho conunittco I wns questioned by Mr Gill nnd the chairman. I very seldom carry thowhip. You don't believe much in using tho whip ? -No. You hclicvo moro iu using tho hands?— Yes. At the turn tho horse was fairly beaten, iio wns hopelessly beaten. He could not have gained on nny of the other horses if I iind used thu whip. Waller Hickcntathnin, horso trainer, said : I saw tho Cup run. 1 nuvor saw Moorcbank <m the day of tho raco to my know ledge. I afterwards received tho horse on tiio 22ml of October. When I got him ho looked well to tho eye. I consider 1 had tho horso well only twice. Ho showed no symptoms ot being a roguo on tl.u training truck. When on tho racecourse bo did wlion not well. On two occasion ho ran thoroughly up to his trial, nnd ran true. Assuming that tho horso had ik-ch lUufled, 1 can't say whether It would interfere witli hi racing afterwards, as I never had a stutiud horse. On thu 27th of November hu moiln good time on tlio track, and hu ran up to his trial. To Dr Madden : This was on tho occasion of tho Wyndhiun meeting, when ho wns beaten by Fishwifo. The Wyndham raco wmramilc. It was run in 1.48 or 1.49. I nm alluding to tho winner's time. Fish wife carried 0t 61b and Moorcbank ?st 121b. It is fair timo over Wyndham. | Fishwife ia a first-class marc. She wua never extended. Will you bo astonished to hear that it was a mile and a diatauco, and tlio timo was 1.60 ?— I am not sure about thu distance. Thoy started below tho stand. Yes, 1 think it was a mile ami a distance. Did you read statement iu the 44 Sports man " on tho 4th of December to tho effect that Moorebank'ssubsequcnt running proved tho utter unreliability of the timo test. It is said that nickenbotham told the writer if tlio horso galloped as well in tho afternoon as ho did beforo breakfast there would bo no better horso ?— I had no conversation of that kind. 1 never told tho writer anything of that kind. Did you sco it stated that Moo re bank's running seemed to confirm the contention of Kelly that tho hone was a roguo, aa ho was easily cut down by Jorusalem,. who beforo liaa finished nowhere. Is It true that he was galloped with Carbine in a trial and finished in front of bint ?— Ho finiahod a length in front of Lim. Then there was not mach the matter with him. Yon woald not send such a sick horse in a trial with Carbine ?— He was not sick when I got him, so far as I could telL At .Wyndham bo polled up lame and never raced again. In tho 44 Australasian" tho horse is des cribed as an arrant our, and It is said that whon, Jerusalem tackled him he shut up ?— Throe bonis .tackled him before Jerusalem. And Jerusalem was too much for him ?— Yes, Jerusalem is a good horse. James Charles Walker, stock and station agent and treasurer of tho V.R.C., said i— I hae seen a good deal of racing during the last 20 years. .< I booked Moorcbank for tho Cup. The horso Appeared to bo in good con dition, but ho looked fall as if he had not bad tbexnusdoau. He appeared as if. be hrnlno oatf. On the day of tho race : I saw Mr- >VUsoo, : soar., on .the- qoarse., The conversation which took place was not allowed to be given ia evideooo. The horse was distressed befote the race, and I in- atiuctedroycouimUsionor.to.Ly off what I had taken. . To Dr: Maddan t Tho horso came In very alow. He oonld not go. A beatdn horse will hears Issa la the flanks than others, I am confident that he had not genuine Francis Ferdinand Dakin, liandicappcr, said : I saw Moorcbank a hu went out, and ho looked blown out, ns if lie had an un limited quantity of fevd. I did not notico ; him during the race, as I thought be had not \- the ghost of a chance. i To l)r. Madden : A horse trainer can tell at n glance how n horso is. I say tho horee looked big nnd full. If others my hu looked well, I linvo my own opinion. 1'atrick Kelly, recalled, swore that bo bad no conversation ut the Court with Wilson in respect to being offered money to scratch tho horse. Frank Madden, recalled, raid in answer to Dv Madden: I nmehort.sightcd. I think I should be allowed to eay hnw far that ex tend. I can kill n rmpo at JO yards. Dr M.-.dilcn : (Tan you tell one snipe from another? — I could if tlu-y wcro as different irom cacli oilier ns the two Wilson. Jfcmcs Riley and Thomas Hunt were re- called, ami gave evidence to thu effect that Kelly and Witon, sen., went nut together and sjK)ko to young Wilson not being there. Mr Wood, in addressing tho jury for tho defence, said that thu cvidcnco of Mr Gilt ami hi friends was quite consistent with 8touticll haviugndmittcd that tl-c horse could havo won every raco had he chose, a it wns that expression of the lad' which had led to the outburst from Gill. Slotmcll, no doubt, did say that the horso was a rogue, but he said this upon anotnir occa sion. If it were true that tho horse had not l>con ridden to win, was not the infer ence that ho was not wanted in the Cup ? Iu that race hu wis ridden bv a jockey selected by thu friend of tho dcfcmlaut's, and if the horse wns to Ikj pruvented from running, it woutd havo to be i>y lining some thing to him. If Tinsicy M ere away for how. over short a time, the horsu might la) got at. It was difficult to prove that a horse had im-cii tampered with, hut there was nonio signifi cant evidonco upon tho point. Mr Dakin said in effect that tho horse was putfed out, and Mr Walker said that the horso did not look as lie rhoiihl have dune. It could not bo suggested that Mr Walker' opinion was an afterthought, ns when lie saw the horse he gave instructions to layoff his monoy.lt would be said that Wilson, sen., because he was a defaulter, was unworthy of credence, but tii« evidence of a tainted witness was, he submitted, entitled to soma weight, and this wn recognised in the caso of the testimony of a person turning Queen's evidence. What motive was tliero for a ficrson lit Mr. Wilson's position giving also evidence. Ho maintained that tho evidence of the plaintiff had been contradicted it: some important particulars, .Stoniiell when asked by tho committee if he had not pulled the horse on other occasions declined to answer the question, and what inference was to be drawn from this ? lie iind certainly denied, on oath, during the hearing of tlio enso, in answer to a question by thu judge that he had ever puffed the horse, but counsel did nut think tha this denial could be set acainst the other virtual ndmisMnn. Mr Wood had not concluded his address when the court adjourned for lunch. 