The Story of a Portrait. There is something that appeals strongly to the imagination in the portrait of a beau tiful woman, whose name brings back no memories to the beholder, about whom we know nothling, save that the artist has spent his skill in preserving her lovely features, and that she must have once been the object of an affection which desired to keep the re cord of her beauty. " With such a portrait I was familiar in my childish days, and, as often as I looked at it, I used to wonder what had been the history of its fair original. It was a beautiful painting by Sir Joshua Reynolds, representing a young girl some eighteen years of age. The face gave indi cations of greater intellect than we meet with in many of Sir Joshua's graceful models. The brow was broad, and the deep brown eyes were set rather far apart, giving an open look to the countenance. The clear skin showed a faint tinge of pink in ithe cheeks, and a bewitching little dimple in the chin relieved the gravity of the upper part of the face, whose greatest charm lay in a certain sweet unconsciousness, recalling Shakespeare's description of the " fair ves tal throned in the West." This picture hung in my father's drawing room, and was highly valued by him, both for its intrinsic worth as a work of art, and as having been for three generations in our family. My great- grandfather,' a worthy solicitor, had received it from some client whom he had helped in money difficulties, but nothing else was known about the por trait, save that the name of the original was Cicely Wilmore. The picture had been engraved about the beginning of the century, and my father had a copy of the engraving, with the inscription, " Cicely, daughter of R. Wilmore, from the picture in the possession of Laurence Barton, Esq." While still a boy, Ibegged this engraving from my father, and hung it up in my own room. My brothers were inclined to tease me about my devotion to Cicely, but, though secretly vexed, I held my peace, and let their jokes wear themselves out. Even my mother was annoyed with my idol *hen I announced my Intention to be an artist-a profession of which she greatly disapproved. "I believe," she exclaimed, "that it's only because of that picture of Cicely, and' I hope that your father will allow no such nonsense." But my father answered : "Perhaps it's because Laurence has some thing of the artist in his nature that he cares so much for the picture." When once my father felt assured that I had chosen my path in life, because it was the work I was best suited for, and from a wish to be my own master or lead an honest life, he became quite satisfied with my choice, and was always ready with help and encouragement, When my first picture was accepted at the Acamedy, I believe he was as pleased as I was, and I know I thought the pleasure of telling him about it one of the best parts of my success. Not that I made a " hit," or blossomed into fame, but I got a few pounds for my little picture, and was glad to feel I had earned something .at last-the very generosity my father showed making me the more anxious not to be a burden on hiin. I took any work I could get which I was capable of doing, and was glad one spring when I received an offer from a publisher to make a set of drawings of certain churches in a midland county, to illustrate a bodk which was to coma3 out in the following autumn. Though the work was not altogether to my mind, I would not refuse a good offer, and spent the early summer months wander ing among the Middleshire towns and vil. lages, till, at the beginning of July, I found my task was nearly finished, and I had only ,one place left to visit. It was a lovely summer day when I started off for Wimberley, a Saturday, moreover, and I felt myself entitled to a holiday. So, instead of taking the train, I walked along the country roads and through all the field-paths which I could persuade the sountry folk to tellpme about, till late in the afternoon I found myself in the little village of Wimberley--an out-of-the-way spot, where even a commonplace stranger like myself was gazed upon with interest as a novelty. The hostess of the little inn eyed me at first with suspicion, but I rose in her estimation, when, having finished a hasty meal, I asked my way to the church, and enquired as to the guardianship of the keys. I remembered to have heard that the chief distinction of Wimberley Church lay in a remarkably fine though little known sprci men of Flaxman's work, and it.was to. this monument I first bent my steps. - As my eyes rested with delight on the beautiful form of a. young girl lying scul ptured in the pure white marble, a sudden memory, a quick perception of likeness, made me glance eagerly at the name inscribed Ieneath : "Cicely, daughter of R. Wilmore, Esq., who died in the twentieth year of her age. " So ran the legend, and this was the end of the history I had so often wished to know only the history common to all; she was, and she is not. It was with a feeling of melancholy, of which I felt half ashamed, that I left -the spot and went back to the innm The next morning being Sunday, I again returned to the little church, where a grey. headed old clerk showed me into one of two large square pews which flanked the middle aisle. The service had not begun, and my eyes unconsciously sought the tomb of Cicely Wilmore. Here a surprise awaited me, for the half-closed hand of the marble figure held a beautiful white lily. Who could have put it there? was my first thought. Who besides myself still cared for Circely Wilmore, as she lay there in the sleep that had lasted a hundred years ? I looked round at my neighbours to seek an answer to the question, and Iwondered among the crowd of strangers who it was that shared my feeling. The other square pew was filled by this time with a troop of fresh-faced, black jacketed, and white-collared little boys, in the middle of whom stood a slender young girl in a white dress. Her face was turned towards me, and it was the face of Cicely Wilmore I There could be no mistaking the smooth broad brow and soft brown.eyes I knew so well; even the little dimple in the chin was there, and, had other resemblance been needed, there was just the same un conscious look. In spite of the eagerness of my gaze, the girl did not know that I was looking at her. This last observation made me reflect that other people might be more discerning, and I was forced to content myself with stolen though frequent glances during the rest of the service. Apparently ly the time the first hymn was given out, the young lady had become aware of my existence, for, seeing that I had no hymn-book, she sent me her own by one of the chubby-faced boys; she had even been considerate enough to find out the proper hymn, and the little boys directed my attention to it with a forefinger on which traces of ink still lingered. It was a pity such attentions should have been wasted, but I must confess that Instead of following the hymn I turned back first to the title page, and, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, being in fact only what I had expected, I read the name : "'Circely Wllmore, Wimberley Vicarage." Evidently the Equare was the one belong ing to the parson's family, and it was by no means unnatural to find relatives of the first Cicely Wilmore still living on in the old neighbourhood. When service was over, I returned the book to its owner with a word of thanks, and would gladly have said something more; but the young lady gave me no chance. She simply bowed as she took the book, and passed down the aisle, followed by her attendant troop of little boys. In theporch, she was joined by the clergyman who had officiated, as well as by. a very pretty young girl who had played the harmonium in church; the whole party crossed the churchyard, and disappeared behind the shrubs of the vicarage garden. " What is the name of your clergyman ?" I asked my landlady, Mrs. Jones, as she waited upon me during my dinner. " Mr. Wilmore, sir, and a very nice gentlemen he is 1" " He has been her long i" "Yes, sure, sir, born and'bred in the place, and so was his.father before him." " Then I suppose he is some relation to the lady who is buried in the church-Cicely Wilmore !" " I think she was of the same family, sir. I've heard' tell she was' daughter to old Squire Wilmore, who once owned Wilmore Place. My mother used to say that, when her mother was a girl, the young lady's ghost was often seen walking round the house, and some say tha?was the reason why the old squire sold the Place, and left the neighbourhood." Remembering, how my-ancester had come by the portrait, I could imagine a less romantic reason for the old squire's leaving the home of his fathers, but I will not in. ttrrupt the flow of'mylandlady's recollections by anynsuch unbelieving sentiments. " The squire never had but one daughter," she continued, "but I believe there were some sons, and that our Mfr. Wilmore is the son or the grandson of one of them. He was a young man when I first came to VWimber ley, with a pretty young wlie. She died about four or five years ago.; you can. see her tomb'in the churchyard, and may-know it by the flowers the young ladies put on it. Miss Mabel ii just like what her mamma used to be, but Miss Cicoly is Fke the Wil mores." I seemed to have touched upon a topic of conversation, M a. Jones being disposed to favour me with the wihole history of the Wilmores, till I cut short her gcssip by gciog out for a stroll. The next morning I set to work, upon my sketches, not without a faint hope that I might see something of the fair Cicely. But though now and then I heard voices in the vicarage garden, cr caught the glimpse of a white dress among the shrubs, no one came into the churchyard, and I pursued my task undisturbed; When my sketches were finished I felt disinclined to leave Wimberley. I told my self it was a charming spot ; the little inn was comfortable; I had earned a holiday, and I decided I would spend it in' making a finished picture of Flanmaun's beautiful work. It was a subject ready-made to my hand; the rich reddish-brown tint of the stone church' (common enoughin that neighbour hood) threw up the pure white marble of the monument, and the quaint grotesque faces which Gothic taste had carved, and time and fanaticism had happily spared, contrasted with the severe but classic grace which oharacterised the great sculptor's work. Full of interest in my subject, I painted on day after day with all the enthusiasm which a beautiful idea excites in us, when we try to put it into a shape by which we may make it known to others. But as the days went on I grew discouraged and even disgusted; my work became hate ful in my eyes, it seemed a dull, cold repre sentatlon of fact untransformed by feeling. I had only painted Death, where I wished to have suggested Love. I got up from my seat and wandered aimlessly along the church. Suddenly I became aware that I was not alone, and I turned round to see who had entered. The week had come round to Saturday again, and there at the tomb of Cicely Wil more stood this other Cicely with her offer. ing of flowers, not lillies this time, but deep red roses. As I looked at her I knew that it was no longer the dead Circely that I cared for. I placed myself at my work again, and taking my brush, began hastily to put in the red roses which filled the dead girl's hand; one had fallen to the ground, and Cicely stooped to p:ck it up. "Please let it lie there a minute longer f' I exclaimed. The girl looked round, she left the rose lying on the ground, and watched me, saying nothing. I hurried on with my work, im patient to see the effect the rose would pro duce, and dashed them in with a few rapid touches. Then I paused for a moment, and the girl came forward. " May I look at your picture ?" she asked. She had a fine voice, low, but full and clear. I turned my painting towards her in silence. She looked at it fixedly for some time, and then raised her brown eyes to mine. "Why have you taken such pains t3 paint her? I thought I was the only one who cared for her." "I have known her longer than you have," I answered ; " besides, I have known her in life, and you have only know her in death." " But she died so long ago," said Cicely, not as though she doubted my words, but as if she wanted to understand them. I told her the story of the portrait, and ended with : " Do you wish to see it?" "I think not, I might be d'sippointed." "No, you would not," I answered with deoeison. Cicely shook her head. "I like to see this better," and she pointed to my picture. " I will give it you," I said eagerly, " if -"and then I stopped. "If what?" said Cicely. "Of. course I could not take it for nothing." " If you will let me paint your face," said I, feeling the hot blush mount to my cheek as I epoke. " I will ask my father if he can spare me," replied Cicely. "Mahel has had her portrait taken, but it took a long time, and I am very busy. I help papa to teach the boye." The boys I afterwards learnt were Cicely's young brothers, together with two or three little pupils whom Mr. Wilmore was supposed to teach, but who mainly fell to Cicely's care. She now led me to the vicarage, where her father met- us. He was a gentle, simple minded old man, leading a secluded life in the little out-of-the-way vielage. We soon got to know one another. I told my story, and made my request, which was not refused. The summer days that followed still rise up before me in those moments when quiet happiness flushes up into conscIous joy, or when saddjess fades awa,y into tenderness. What wonder if people afterwards ad mired the picture into which I poured the secret longings of my youth, the satisfied love of early manhood I " Fate has been very good to me, Cicely," I said, when I had put the last touches to my work, " for I loved you before I knew you." "And she has been good to me," answered Cicely, " for she has brought you to me." Thus we tried to put our feelings into words; but words were useless, for we under stood one another without them. The next year,after the lapse of a century, there was again a portait of Cioely Wilmore on the Academy walls. \This was not for sale, as two or three would.be purchasers were informed, but I had no longer to complain about want of work. More than one fond parent wished to have his daughter taken in the style as Cicely. When July came round once more, I went again to Wimburley, to claim my bride. My wife has been Introduced to the Sir Joshuaa; after all, and my father sometimes tells me that he likes Cicely almost as well as his own. 