THE YOUNG FOLKS. | JAPANESE CHXLDHEN. Oinngtotheirlongeiclusireness) the Japanese race has many peculiarities which are novel to ; us. Their former isolation has, however, at eveiybody knows, given way to freedom ef intercourse, and numbers of their youth aca constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. These young people are intelligent surd keen, but they are so much upon the watch for our peculiarities l hat it is easy to see tbey are not to the manner bom ; they are the oeeation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs* To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not pampered, and petted, and nade into hothouse plants. Mottrers work upon what -is known as the toagheoteig theory. Kentv of life in the open s£r, often in a state of nudity and with' the hectdehavet, is the commm treatment. In the house htbies are left much to their own devices. Most of the furniture c£ a European home is not sees Among the Ja&anese.; Thick mats are dffiiost the ouly adormieut, and that ; makes a spler^td playground, for the little I children* SuperstitiOTi SMjgrus witli a child's birth, a»£, jn order to teep oft the bogies, its first clothes must be rusAt ¥tom a gtrdle^hich its motherhffd tvoru prcviotaly^ the material being dyed sky blue for t*hat purpose. Among the wealthier famSifs 5t»« ' lt-3curd of Ceremony ' Bave %hut ** t*»entj'-^fotfr baby robes, twelve of sitfc rand twe? \\*c (ii cotton, must be prepared, .th* -hemK befesg dped saffron eol-'wr,' and that w^ets the ' child bss'been washeili*8 body 44 must he dried vnfc: - Uinehmidkerclii^f of cotton ituhssumed.' T%e next important liu- tlneaft Is givnng it a none. The diilirs'it-ikeu to 'he tejiple aud iee?ety presented there, without any ?reli;£i--us c«romony. The Catlier gives three n«mes to the priest, and he wribts.tliem on separate pie see of paper, which are mixed together, and then, with certain forms, thrown into the^aiix The first 4hat'faHs53the-tbe9$n'name. Ties is written ?otit*on paper end^iVen to the child's parents to ►preserve. *l'he priests at thbse tiiEOs are usually 'very liberally, oedlt with by parents in the matter of ^reeenta, and they are expected to j ?keepan accilnUo :registry of the childreu pre sented -at CBS temple. Then follows a fahkily 1 feast athobe, at which time die child receives , certam-epetioeu presents j it it is a girl, a pot ox pomade'; if a bbyytwo tans. Zn Iwth cases n. pado^ of fhet ftread is added, signifying good i tfa- ' '?-? ; '^So^^a^SBB^ovide thstth^aby cl hes ew day ' ; boleft oft on the one 'hun drede^ ^iantieth. whxdi i« the time set ^Jbr' weami%«tiieichild. - d%erc ace elaborate cere moniee commoted with this, one of which is that flsjeSfi|f|^|^nd brills then, if the child is a boy mustise fed by a gentleman of the family; if-igiri, by «a- lady. Wheaa boyivihree -eors old a sword-belt is buckled-on. When he is seveu he has two smaU-eworil&.jmt in it if he nappens to belong to the jnwQeged class. Bi^ertlirajs have the bead shaved until they ^refoq^years eld, then tlnee little patches aregrownu Chddreciin Christian lauds are very fond of hearing stories like *? Cinderella' and ** Jack :he Guuit Enter,' 'Beauty aud the Be-*st;' and. strange to say, Japanese bibies have the same taste, end, still stranger, have those same stories, but some aldo that are peculiarto them selves, like the story of the 'Two Bamboos,1' which4s here given : By the side Of the bay of Yeddo, on a beauti ful bank,.grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, Insty, and strong ; the;other graceful, drooping, and tender. Said the stronger to th^ weaker : ''J should like- to. know what good you. are!' The smallest breeze makes yon bend your head auuaevuuuuiQuuu biku kiui p-uu, LMOtk hi. me! Idon'tjcare what wind blo^s or what storm-comes from the seal I face thein and feel the better for it.' The *~€r bamboo, who was modest and re taring, i-eplied : ' Yes, we are each suited to our vocation in life. You will be a stout coolie pole.' Coolie pole, indeed!' snorted her. companion, contemptuously. ' Not I ! nothing but the mast of :A junk for rae.' 'And 1^' said the slender bamboo, il I shall be used to decorate a house -At the Xew Year festival, if I'm to be used at all.1' 14 Don't count on that,' roughly said the big bamboo. ' They'll make you into mats or -something or other low. Why, you're fit for nothing else !' As he spoke a strong: breeze came in from the sea ana made the whole hillside quiver and sigh— all but the stout bamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say ' Go on ; it pleases you and don't hurt me,' while the poor little one at his side bent, and swayed, and groaned to see so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. T wood -cutters 'Orra! Orra!' they cried. 'Here's a fine fellow for Hinashi'-s juuk!*' 'Told you so,' whispered the big bamboo. ' Now for life 1 Anything rather than^top on this bank spend ing the best years of one's life in listening to your groaning®.' The axes were plied, art' he fell with a thundering crash. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came to -play under her shade, for thev had learned to love her, and called her their ' Silver Spray.' One day there was a great hullabaloo in the plantation. '' What is the matter r' asked tiie bamboo of her neighbour. ' They are going to build a house here foe ithe Prince ofTosk^ J replied the tree, ' and we're all to be swept Away.* And the next day the wood-cutters came and the work of destmctiontcommenced. Down upon the sand were thrown the beautiful flewers and the graceful dusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled and wondered when her torn would come. At length the de stroyers approached her. and a man was swing ing hie axe m the air to give her. the fatal blow Whfia £ chorus of chud valaas mu beard r 'No; don't kill Silvgr Spray— please don't !' The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug^her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they, planted heron aba&k; overlooking the sea. One day a dreadful storm artse, the water was ch^nr*3' into dark-gxeoa mountains of waves, and in all directions iuulx could be seen fiyang to the nearest sheitet. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a hank of purple ma. Next morning tlie shoce was feLrewn with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even deadfeodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked in many places. As the men dragged him to the foot of tbe garden he saw her and I wish I had been a coolie pole !' And he was cut up for firewood, but tire slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when she heard boasting going on around her would often tell the story of her strong, lusty com panion. One or two hundred years ago the old fashioned nurses were not content with telling tales like 11 Cinderella' and the like, but there was a whole range of literature like the *' Tale of Lord LoveU,' and the ' Babes in the Woods, *' and ' Mary Ambree,' aud the ' Witch Mother,' and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far worse, for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales are full of ghost* and demons. There is not an operatiorf of nature or a simple act of daily life which has not an association of some weird uncanny ghost, or apparition. They are everywhere. They not only appear in the dark, or haunted houses, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, such as hunger, pride, malice, revenge -every natural phenomenon has its embodied foxm prowling , around for victims. i Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely see sewer-gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old man under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity — it is not ' an intangible shadow or a phantom on whiffrybu cannot lay hands, butms a realiiy. lit : wuL counterfeit mortality ' so clevwty that- it 'handles tools, jthd swords, and two bladed daggers just as effectively as la man ; h£hc$ it is a more dangerous thing-to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, ^powerless ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian lands. \ Whatever shows itself to be a power in nature is invested with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come -of itself, but there is a storm fiend that drives it — a malevolent, malicious, destractivOi hateful bong* One of the Japanese ghosts is a judicious and highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water ; it has horrid arms and daws to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around tiie mouths of wells and owtems when he thinks of an awful water-sprite which is waiting to drag him down. One of the cheerful ideas common to humanity is that of the vampire— that is, the spirit of the dead entering into a departed body and keeping it from decay by. feeding won the bodies of the i other dead, or upon such living men or women ; as by their wickedness have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed spirits. Children are especially liable to their attacks, and there is nothing the vampire likes so much as the tender meet of little children ; hence Japanese children will not lcBSp late hours or go near a place of burial lest a vampire should seize upon them and suck out their life-blood and feed upon their tender flesh. As the ordinary food of the vampire is the body of the dead, and the tid-hits from living beings only come as occasional fearts, the vam pire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way into the grave. 