Compliltomntary Bantquot to M1r., Goo. Croolkroft. It muslt be both plenaing andm gratifyingll to Mr. (tuo. Coukroft, anter a residenc of a quarter of a century in ltox Hill, to find that he is universally respected. During the tlume heo hau resided in this district, Il has doone all he know to bring it into notoriety. living here in the early days, and by dint of exer tion, comnbined with great judgment. lie haI lmanaged his private unTairsi so well that he has amassed a competency, and is in a po:ti tion to roet ulponl Ilis ar ir ld tit with the tide for the runainder of his life. Ilt is, in short, a snceassful culonli.,t, tand gireat pltifO is due to himt on this account. While living amnontgst us hie wa not backward i) comingii forwardl to iend iIa helping hand to those who were in distress., and it is this quality in his character which ohas earned for hiti tihe cstieeim in which lie is huld ill this district. When it became known that lie intrdedll paying a isit to hi1t native land his otre its titmnte friends at lioce decided that lie ,houtl nlot depart witlout a wetlticie ?ntl llt. \'ith this otibject in View a eomtp clltanenry banquet was held on his behall i) llxt Iltill. oni \'Vedtiesday night,. in order to wish him lon ri.qlqle. Thie banquet w1a iia ,ircl t 0u0 :cst, all those who had kinownii that tontle iila isince tIis arrival being ipresent, iand bore testimony to the respect they enter tained for iiii. The chtih ir was occupietd byl Mr. Toonl, whio \was utiported on the rightt by thei ge-t of the evcliniig and on the leflt by Mr. John SerjeanI. The vu itic- ihnlir was occupied byi Mr. A. tiurltll. There w'ere about 70 gentlemen presntil. Aftur tihe usuao l loyal hull. been dilpoeu of, Cr. C'erpell proposedd tli hea lth iof the Ro Iosut of the I'vuni;l.l" When they hieardl that ir. Cockroft wil about to visit Enila iid hy fellt tIlhey cotld not allow him to taIike his lliarttur withiout ohioiil hiltm tilons c ii arc f their I.,ite,. lie had knllown that gentle. tll for ome litl21 'eai's. lad tlurjilg thalt il n0 Shad always founill hists a1 stirait frl'tf ard I ild ioiio; .-t luan. t: was ,ii all lprn?et a ,ouod unitc wiitlhi him il wihshiutig . Cock oft a tplasa;;t joiiiry aniid i safeu return. le only \ isicd tie wra going( to cuonltipnly iln oil his tour, a lil e ditli wlthen thel y went li Tasmaniai . Ilt eoulad l;ntlcre tlhemi that rt.) Cockroft wasl it girand iilan to troavel with. 'h'Itir guesLt was' a 11 ma1L w' trins iOlll?teitd li bosims?n ill it iust hionorable iway, anid ill conseqienc leii could walk downi ?ll Cills-.ieet onll onei sitde iid uip ion the other, un(ti all whoii tio liut tIvould gladly welcoome himt. 11o wa siimr tihey woulld atll join with him in wishing theio r igut t a pleasant trip ianld a safet return. Mr. llaickbulrn supptortued the touslt. Ito cotuld cay ditto to all that hiit been uttered by Cr. Soriellt inL praiseo of their guest. I11 otlsidered that Mr. Cockhuroft wi ait frtuinato and deserving colonist. While their iguest hadn a groat love for his atdopted land he w",ao loyal to tIis naltive hiotie and loved his Queeni . Ito had a good htiart, iand that wasi one of the recons whli they appll reciatled hilii. As a sportsnaltii i tguest was a i allll who lwas to be trustd, iand one who alwiays took la rleat interest in illy imanly game. Mr. teirjeant also sutiported th toast. It allfforded hint great pllleaure in being prlb?elt to wish baoi 'oduyllc to their guest. Mr. Cockroft inw a t ilan twhom they could esteem. Ito had miade t is miloney in their midst, an,1 had remnained with thtieuli. Io had not run aiway to rTorak to spend it. 1 hoped that their ghost would soon conic back with hiis nilnd argdon and xpanded fro the boneil. fits which would be derived from his visit to England, to splend the rest of his days aimollg them. Anlly man who shows how lie cail rise anid impirove hisi condition cots a good example to the rising generation. As the lguest had boon di ligent in his business, he iiltst inevitably reap tlhat reward which tl the outcomoie of wleo discretion and judg llent mnlifested in1 the dishargo of lhis duties. l10 was 'glad to eoo that whlntl tihe shadows began to lengthen and iis the hoary hairs appeared, thlir guest would be saved frolm bearing the 1" burdon and heat of the day." lIe regretted to see the old anud groy-headed laving a struggle with the cares of life, which liotild only be borno by young men. When the brow was covered with silver hairsa they aihould not be called upon to cope with the battle of life. Mr. Cockroft had scattered liberally and wisely the wealth which ho had mado, and his hos. pitality was known fiar and wide. In coinl luslon, lie had great ploasure In wishing him a pleasant and prolperous voyage, aind hoped lie would soon return and leave his bones in the district. Or, Itwlings saild he was plhased to be present in order to wish Mr. Cookroft a ploasant journey. lie would like to be a follow pantssenger wth him. The guest was a mat for whom hie had a groat respect. - was a persontial frltind of hIst, and lhe was ploaned to see hhi looking so jolly and so wall, lie hoiped hlie would onloy hlls trIp to the land of hils bIrth, whore Ito would be as well recoleved as hlo was hero. Though he lhad not aspIred to be a counelllor he had assisted to tnake Box Hill the place that It wae. Ilo wotuld ltke to have soon "lifiWn the Cop, but would be better pleased to see him carry oft the Eneltish Derby. Il he had taken his advice ho would have been in better elrcutmstantos thtan he was to.day. IIo know iifr; Cookroft when he was a workl ing man and was pleaocd to sac that heo hal been succooful in his speoulations. Above all he was glad to sco lie Intended to comeo back again, iMr. It. 11. otamnp said It was not lia for tune to know Mr. Cookroft when lie had to work from early morn till dewy eve. lie was pleased to see 6o nmany old identitioe present to chow their respect to the Iclal, which ho looked upon no a special compliment to Mr. Goekrolt. As a young man hie heart went out to him, and he was glad to seo that he was reaping the fruits of hi early labors. Their luost was one of the early piionecro who had made the colony what it was, and it was their duty to res.pect him. They owed the early pioneers a debt of gratitude which they would never be able to pay. The health of Mr. Cockroft was then drank in ia baunper. Mr. tCoekroft, in ris;ingl was warmly received, lie was unver back ward, incouinig forward to do what giooe lie could and lie hoped lie never would be. It alffrded him much pleasure in oering so malny old identities present. I Ie hld not only seen, but had been associated with thcll ini pnst years, and lhe trusted he would eec them again in the future. lie had splient many happy daysv in their midst, and was glad to think lie had so many etaunch friends in the land of his adoption. Ile was going home to Yurkhliiro where hIo know lie would be as well received s hlie was in IBox Hill. W\hen lie was in England in 13r43 he received ia cordial welcollme, uid tllose who came to his Engllish home were asi well re e'ived as his fr hieua in Australia were. 1e thanked theti most heartily lor tim hIand omieo omuininer in which they hatd iilt to tity farowell to hIim fr it time, and he coull assure thletll that he should niever forget the kind wiay in which they mhad spoke of him. The toasls of the Ladiet, lress, ndtl Con. initlee were thei duly honored, aund a very Spleant:n evening was cancluded by singing "s \il I.dilii L:: Bie'" ulld " Coad :;ive the Qieet." lilrinll the evenlig ia liumib?r of soIngs were well rendered lby ..leo?s'i. ?ladeir. lllackbuirit', Ihtnvling?, the tGuicet, intd a getlitonii hovio was i cloohiiiate of h'!. Coe ruoft. 'lr Cuckroft ucill fro?li \Villiamui.town at Iooni tO-lllorrow,. 