BEATRICE, (By Eider Haggard.) CHAPTER XXI TT A DAWN OF BAIN. | That crash of the closing door did not awake Beatrice only ; it awoke both Elizabeth and Mr. Granger. Elizabeth sat up in bed stunning her eyes throngh the doom to see what had happened. They fell on Beatrice's bed — surely — surely — Elizabeth supped np, cat-like she crept across tne ruoia and felt with her hand at the bed. Beatrice was not there. She sprang to the blind and drew it, letting in such light as tboro was, and by it searching the room. She spoke t ' Beatrice, where are yon ?' No answer. ' Ah — b,' said Elizabeth aloud : ' I understand. At last at — at last 1' What should she do ? Shoald she go open shame ? No. Beatrice mast come back some time. The knowledge was enough ; she wanted the knowledge to use if necessary. She did not wish to rain her sister unless in self-defence, or rather, for the cause of self-advancement. Still less am sne wisn to injure ueoi- frey, against whom she had no grndge. So she peeped along the passage, then returning, crept back to her bed like a snake into a hole and watched. Mr. Granger, hearing the crash, thought that the front door bad blown open. Rising be lit a candle and went to see' Bat of all this Geoffrey knew noth ing, and Beatrice naturally less than nothing. She lay senseless in bis arms, her head rested on his shoalder, her heavy hair streamed down his side almost to his knee. He lifted her, touched her on the forehead with his lips and lud her on the bed. What was to be done ? Bring her back to life ? No, he dared not —not here. While she was thus her helplessness protected her ; bat if once more she was a living, loving woman here and so — oh, how should they escape He dared not toncb her or look towards her — till he had made np his mind. It was soon done. Here she mast not Diae, ana since oi nersen sne .coma nan go, why he mast take her now, this . moment. However far Geoffrey fell short of virtue's stricter standard, let j this always be remembered in his favour. He opened the door, and as be did so, thought that he heard some one stirring in the honse. And so he did ; it was Mr. Granger in the sitting-room. Hear ing no more, Geoffrey concluded tba; it was the wind, and turning, groped his way to the bed where Beatrice lay as still as death. For a moment a horrible fear struck him that she might be dead. He had heard of cases of somnambulists who, on being startled from their un natural sleep, only woke to die. It might be so with her. Hurriedly he placed his hand upon her breast. Yes, her heart stirred — faintly indeed, bat still it stirred. She had only swooned. Then .he set his teeth, and placing his arms about her, lifted her as though she were a babe. Beatrice was no slip of a girl, but a well-grown women of full size. He never felt her weight ; it seemed nothing to him. Stealthily as one bent on midnight murder, he stepped with her to the door and throngh it into the passage Then supporting ner witn one arm, he closed the door with bis left hand. Stealthily In the gloom he pass ed along the coridor, his barefeet making no noise upon the boarded floor, til! he reached the bisecting passage leading from the sitting-rooms. He glanced up it apprehensively, and what he saw froze the blood in his veins, for there coming down it, not eight paces from him, was Mr. Granger, holding a candle in his band. What was to be done ? To get back to his room was impossible— to reach that of Beat rice was also impossible. With an effort he collected his thoughts, and like a flash of light it. passed into his mind that the empty room was not two paces from him. A stride and he had reached it. Oh, where was the handle I and oh, if the room should be locked 1. By a merciful chance it was not. He Btepped throngh the door, knocking Beatrice's feet against the framework as he did so, closed it— to shut it he had no time — and stood gasping behind it. The gleam of light drew nearer. Merciful powers I he had been ..seen — the old man was coming in. What could he say 1 Tell the truth, that, was all ; bnt who would believe such a story f why, it was one that he shoald scarcely care to advance in a coart of Jaw. Could he. expoefc a father to believe it — a father finding « man crouched like a thief behind a door at the dead of night vita his lovely daughter oonseieoo is his arms ? He had already thought iff1 going straight to Mr. Granger, but had abandoned the idea as hopeless. Who would believe this tale of sleep-walking ? For tbe first time in his life Geoffrey felt terribly afraid, both for Beatrice and himself j the hair rose an his head,, his heart stood still, -and a cold perspira tion started on to his face. It's very odd,' be heard the Aid man matter to himself ; I could, almost swear that I saw something white go a . . A 4 f I t-tl. ALm . a $ uuo xnac room nuewti vub muuw » H I believed in -ghosts— hnllo 1 my candle has blown out ! A must go and hunt for a match. Don't quite like go ing in there without a light.' For the moment they, were, saved. The fierce 'draught rushing through the, open crack of the door from the ill- fitting window had extinguished the candle. Geoffrey waitod a few- seconds to al io wUr. Granger to teach, his room, and then bnc4 morearted on his awftfl journey". He passed bntof theroooi in safety ; happily Beatrice showed no signs of recoveiy. Afew quick steps Anil lam swab ft a nflftl '' C Anil DOW a new terror seized -himjaaW hat if Elizabeth was'' also walkiDg'ih® honse, or 'evea awake 1 . He thongW; of put ting his harden; dbwri" St" tfefdoor and leaving fher there.hnt; abandoned the Idea 'To begin With;' ber fa&br; might Bee her, andjijytfen-fhofvgcgnld her pres she WDntd.ce.rlSMily suffer ill effects and . at once, thonghhe wnlck rather . have faced fortariaWyiTOigar,n««!®KBy it with his foot; enfceH.atiff foot pushed it to again. Suddenly 'he remembered that be had never been in the- room, and did know which bed belonged to Beatrice. He walked to the nearest; a deep-drawn breath told him that it was the wrong one. Drawing some faint consolation from j the fact that Elizabeth was evidently asleep, he groped his way to the second bed throngh the deep twilight of the room. The clothes were thrown back. He laid Beatrice down and drew them over her. Then be fled. As he reached tbe door be saw Mr. Granger's lisht vanish into his own room and heard his door close. After that it seemed to him that be took bat two steps and was io his own place. He bnrst out laughing ; there was as much hysteria in the laugh as a man indulges in. . His nerves were shattered by struggle, love and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merriment. Somehow the whole scene reminded him of one in a comic opera. There was a ludicrous side to it. Sapposing that the political opponents, who already hated him so bitterly, conld Wo smn him slinking from door to door at midnight with an unconscious lady in his arms — what would they have said ? He ceased laughing ; the fit passed— indeed it WAS no lamrliinir mfittAr ! Then he thought of the first night of their strange commnuion, that night before he had returned to London. The seed sown in that strange hour had blossomed and borne frait indeed. Who would have dreamed it possible that be him1 "Well, he tjnght "to have" known. If it was possible that the words which floated through her mind coald arise in his as they had done upon that night, what was not possible I And were there not other words, written- by the same master-hand, which told of snch things as these : " ' Now — now, the door is heard ; Hark, the stairs 2 mid near — Nearer — and here— Now I' and at call the third, She enters without a word. Like the doors of a casket shrine, See on either side, Her two arms divide Till the heart betwixt makes sign, ' Take me, for I am thine.' First, I will pray. Do Thon jluak uwuos tiiiv nnu, Vet wilt grand control To another, nor disallow For a time, restrain me now 1" Did not they ran thus ? Oh, he should have known i This-he -could plead, and this only — that control had been granted to him. But how 'wonld Beatrice fare ? Would she come toheraelf safely !. He thought so, it was only a fainting-fit."' Bat when she did recover, what would she do I Nothing rash, he prayed. And what could be the end of it all ? Who might say? How fortunate that the sister had been so sound asleep. Somehow he did not trust Elizabeth — he feared her. Well might he fear her 1 Elizabeth's sleep was that of a weasel. She too was langhing at this very moment, laughing, not loud bnt long — the laogh of one who wins. She had seen htm enter, hie harden in his arms ; had seen him come with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of his mistake. She had watched him pat Beatice on her bed, and heard him sigh and tarn sway ; Dothiog had escaped her. As soon as he was none. she had risen and crept up to Beatrice, and fiadiog that she was only in a faint had left her to recover,- knowing her tb.be in' no danger. Elizabeth was not a nervous person Then she "had listened till at' length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sister's consciousness. After this there was a' pause, till presently Beat rice's long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon to sleep. The alow night wore away, and at length the cold dawn crept through the window. Elizabeth still watching, for she was not. willing to lose a single scene of a drama ao entrancing in itself and so important to her. interests, saw her sister suddenly, sit up ; in bed and press her hands to ber forehead asi though she was strivingto recall a dream. Then Beatrice covered her eyes with her hands and groaned heavily. Next she looked at her watch, rose, drank h glass of water, and dressed herself, even to the patting on of an old grey waterproof with a hood to it, for it. was wet- out side. 'She is going to meet her lover,' thought Elizabeth. ' 1 wish I conld be there to Bee that too, but I have seen enongb. and gave her "sister one pierciag look. . _ Beatrice niade.iio answer ;3that look sent a thrill qf fear thrdogh her. Oh ; what had 'happened ! Or was it all a dream? Had she dreamed that she ; stood face . to face, with Geoffrey in his : robm before a great datkhkss'struck her and overwhelmed her ? Or was it an awful truth, and if a truth, how came shB frere! again t She went to Hie pantry, got a morsel of bread and .ate it, for faintness still punned her,; -Then feel ing better, 'she left the hoase' .and set 'ber face/towards the beach. ': It was a dreary morning! Hiegreat wind had passed ; now it only blew in Jfttnuw «#u waaoi What, Beatrice going but already in tiaspoaringaiuT-she eaid, Arith feigned astonishment. .. 'Ye&lhavs; slept badly, and Cwant to get Some fresh'air,' answered Beatrice, startang .arid colouring';' I suppose that it was the storm.' \- 'Has there been a storm ?' said Eliza beth, yawning again. ' I heard nothing of it— bnt then so many things happen when onB is asleep; of which one .knows nothing: at the time,' she added sleepily, Itke «u opaftfclng' at random ' Mind that yon are . back to say good-bye to Mr. Bingham ; he goes by the early train, yoaJkriow>— but' perhaps : -you' will see him. out walking,'' and appearing to wake' up thoroughly, she rslsed herself in bed little gums :q»eavy ama driving, ram. The.eea was sullen apdgipy and grand. ' lit feat to thunder on rij||hoti and flew brer5" the trinfirlibclrS-in columns of leaden spray The whole earth seemed GeoffWy;4t6o was np. How he had passed the remainder of that I tragic night ws need not inquire — not too hap- 3$lyt>tiS mriyobe afiWi-bSe.fclaid the fcont.-aflproV 8'0?' Md followed cut into lhe rain. J. On the Beach, some half of i mile away, he fonnd her gazing at the sea, a great white gull wheeling abnnt her head. No word of greeting passed be tween them; they- only grasped each other's hands and looked into each other's hollow eyes. 'Come nnder the shelter of the cliff,' he said, and she came. She stood be neath the cliff her head bowed low, her face hidden by the hood, and spoke. 'Tell me what has happened,' she said, 'I have dreamed something, a worse dream than any that have gone before — tell me if it is true. Do not spare me.' And Geoffrey told her all. "When he had finished she spoke again. 'By what shall I swear,' she said, 'that lam not the thing which you must think me? Geoffrey, I swear by my love for you that I am innocent. If I came — oh, the shame of it ! if I came — to your room last night, it wis my feet which led me, not my mind that led my feet. I went to sleep, I was worn out, and then 1 knew no more till 1 heard a dreadful sound, and eaw yon standing before me in a blaze of light, after which there was darkness.' Oh, Beatrice, do not be distressed,' be answered, ' I saw that yon were asleep. It is a dreadful thing which has happened, but I do not think that we were seen.' 'I do not know,' she «»»d. 'Eliza beth looked at me very strangely this morning, and she sees everything. Geof frey, :for my part, I neither know nor care. What I do care for is. what most you think of me ? You most believe, oh 2 — I cannot say it. And yet I am innocent. Never, never did I dream of this. To come to you — thus — oh, it is shameless !' ' Beatrice, do not talk so. I tell you I know it. Listen— I drew you. I did not mean that yon should come. I did not.tbink that -you wonld came, hat it was my doing. Listen to me, dear,' and he told her that which written words can ill express. When he had finished, she looked np, with another face ; the great shadow of her shame had left her. 'I believe yon, Geoffrey,' she said, ' because I know that you have not invented this to shield me, for I have felt It also. See by it what yon are to me. You are my master and my all. A cannot withstand yon if I would. I have little will apart from yours if yon chose to gainsay mine. _ And now promise me thiB upon your word. Leave me uninfluenced ; do not draw me to yon to be yonr ruin. I make no pretence, I have laid my life at yonr feet, bnt while I have any strength to straggle against it, you shall never take it up nnless yon can do so to yonr own honour, and that is not possible. Oh, my dear, we might have been very happy together, happier than men and women often are, bat it is denied to as. We mast carry oar cross, we mast crucify the flesh apon it ; per haps so — who can say ?— we may glorify the spirit. I owe yon a good deal. I have learnt much from yon, Geoffrey. I have learned to hope again for a Hereafter. Nothing is left to me now — bnt that — that, and — an hour hence — -yonr memory. "Oh, why should I weep? It is ungrateful, when I have your love, for which this misery is but a little price to pay. Kiss me, dear, and go — and never eee me more. You will not forget me, I know now that yon will never forget me ail yonr life. Afterwards — perhaps — who can tell l if not, why then — it will indeed' be best — to die. ' ' It is not well to linger over such a scene at this. After all, too, it is noth ing. Only another broken heart or so. The world breaks so many this way and tbe other that it can have little pleasure in "gloating over such stale scenes of agony. Besides we most not let our sym pathies carry us away. Geoffrey and Beatrice deserved all they got; they had no business to put themselves into such a position. They had defied tbe customs of their world, and the world avenged itself upon them and their petty prssions. What happens to the worm that tries to borrow on the high ways ? Grinding wheels and crashing feet ; these are its portion. Beatrice and Geoffrey point a moral and adorn tale. So far as we can eee and judge there was no need for them to have plunged into that ever-rnnning river of human paiu. Let them straggle" and drown, and let those who are on the bank draw wisdom from the sight, and hold ont no hand to help them. ' Geoffrey drew a ring from his finger — it was a common flat-sidsd silver ring that had been taken from the grave of a Roman soldier — and gave it to his love. One peculiarity this ring had, however ; on its inner surface were roughly cut the words, 'ave atqne vale.' Greeting and farewell 2 It was a fitting gift to pass between people in their position. Beatrice, trembling sorely, whispered that she would wear it on ber heart, upon her hand she conld not pat it yet awhile— it might be recognised. . Then thrice did they embrace there apon the desolate shore, once, as it were, for past joy, once for present pain, and once for fntnre hope, and parted There was no talk of future meetings — they felt them to be impos sible, an any rate for many years. How uuulu uuoy uiceu ao luuiuoreuu menus I Too much they loved for that.. "It was a final parfoag, than which death had been Ipss-dreedfol — for Hope "titaever by the bed of death--und misery crashed them to the earth. He left her and happiness went out of Ids life as at nightfall the dajdight goes oat of the day. flfcU, at least he had his work to go to. " But 'Beatrice, poor woman, what had she ? Gfeoffrey left her. „ When he -had gone some thirty paces he tarried again and gazed his last upon her." . There she I stpod.or leather leant, Bar hand resting against the wet rock, looking after him> with her wide erev eyes. Even throngh the drizzling rain he conld-Bee thp gleam, o fiber rich hair; Jther mafking' OfsIier lovably face, and the cifrmiheibf her lip. Sh<4 motioned to him tb',tgo bin# He weak and when he had traversed a honored pacesJooVSratKffiSfice mtfrE? She « stiHMheri&bnt; npjrffiier fei», was a vrffife w. TEjki theorist swept rip arid hid her. 4JEjB«trictffi%Bth all your brains you ramM- neYerSsSfejijOTesimpfo, woman rforiplesiiffierited through a I thousand generations of savage and seml-civllized ancestresses. To accept the situation and the master that situa tion brings with it — this is the golden rale of well-being. Not to pnt ont the hand of yonr affection farther than yon can draw it back, this is another, at least not until yon are quits sure that its object is well within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the anger of the Fates, yon are endowed with those deeper qualities, those ex treme capacities of self-sacrificing affec tion, snch as rained year happiness, Beatrice, keen them in stack : do not expose them to the world. The world ; does not believe in them ; they are in convenient and undesirable ; they are even immoral What the world wants, and very rightly, in a person of yonr at tractiveness is qniet domesticity of character, not the exhibition of attri butes which thongh they might qnalify yon for the rank of heroine in a Greek drama, are nowadays only likely to qualify yon for the . reprobation of society. What? yon would rather keep yonr love; yonr reprehensible love which < never can be satisfied, and bear its slings and arrows, and die hugging a shadow to yonr heart, straining yonr evee into the darkness of that bevond whither you shall go — murmuring with your pale lips thai: Hum yon will find reason and fulfilment ? Why it is folly. What ground have you to snppose that you will find anything of the sort ? Go and take the opinion of some scientific nmwtn r»F nminrinria nnnn this inffttnu. tion of yours and those vague virions of glory that shall be. He will explain it clearly enough, will show yon that your love itself is nothing but a natural pas sion, acting, in your case, on a singular ly sensitive and etherealised organism. Be frank with him, tell him of yonr secret hopes. He will smile tenderly, and show yon how these also are an emanation from a craving heart, and the innate superstitions of mankind. In deed he will laugh and illustrate tbe ab surdity of the whole thing by a few pungent examples of what wonld happen if these earthlyaffections conldbe carried beyond the grave. Take what you can wow will be the burden of his song, and for goodness' sake do not waste yonr precions hoars io dreams of a To Be. Beatrice, the world does not want yonr spirituality. It iB not a spiritual world ; it has no clear ideas upon the subject — it . pays its religions premium and works off its aspirations at its week ly chnrch-going, and wonld think the person a fool who attempted to carry theories of celestial union into an erathly rule of life. It can sympathise with Lady Honoria ; it can hardly sympathise with you. And yet yon willstill choose this better part : yon will still ' live and love, and lose.' " With blinding teers and passionate beseeching, And outstretched aims through empty silence reaching." Then, Beatrice, have yonr will, sow yonr seed of tears, and take yonr chance. You may fiud that you were right and the worldlings wrong, and yon may reap a harvest beyond tbe grasp of their .po or imaginations. And if yon find that they are right and you are "Wrong, what will itjmatterto yon who sleep ? For of this at least yon are sure. If there is oo future for such earthly love as yonrs, then indeed there is none for tbe chil dren of this world and all their troubl ing. CHAPTER XXIV. LADY SOKOBIA TAKES THE FIELD. Geoffrey hurried ' to the Vicarge to fetch hia baggage and say good-bye. He had no time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for he could not have eaten a morsel to save his life. He found Eliza beth and her father in the sitting-room. ' Why, where have yon been this wet morning, Mr. Bingham ?' said Mr! Granger. ' I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice; she is coming home by the village,' he answered. X don't mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I conld before I go back to the mill Thank yon — only a cap of tea — I will get something to eat as I go.' ' How " kind of him,' reflected Mr. Granger ; no doubt he has been speak ing to Beatrice again about Owen Davies.' ' Oh, by the way,' he added aloud, 1 did yon happen to hear anybody mov- ; tagin thebonse last night, Mr. Bingham, just when the storm was at its height ? First of all a door slammed so violently that I got np to see what it was, and as I came down tbe passage I conld atmost have sworn that I Baw something white go into tne spare room, out my caonie went out and by tbe time that I had found a light there was nothing to be seen.' 'A clear case of ghoats,' said Geoffrey indifferently. It was indeed a ' case of ghosts,' and they would, he reflected; bannt him for may a day. ' How very odd;' put in Elizabeth vivaciously, her keen eyes fixed intently on his face. ' Do you know I thongh t that I twice saw the door of our room open and shut in the most mysterious : fashion. I think that Beatrice must , have something to do with it ; she is so uncanny in ber ways.'. Geoffrey never moved a muscle, he was trained to keep his countenance. HaIvt La nMnnatun) Iiabv mnati fViio mnmon knew. She most be silenced somehow. 'Excuse me for changing the subject,' he said, ' but my time is short, and I have noneto spare to huntthe ' VicarageGhost.' By the way, there's a good title for some body. Mr. Granger, I believe that I may speak of business mattem before Miss Elizabeth F 'Certainly, Mr. Bingham,' said the clergyman ; ' Elizabeth is my right hand, -and has .the best business head in Bryngelly.' Geoffrey reflected that this was ,very evident, and went on. -' I only want to Bay this! If yon get into any further difficulties with vonr' rascally tithe- payers, mind and let me know. I -shall .always be glad to belpyon while I can. jAndxow I mast be going.' ' :He spoke thns jjfor : two reasbns; First natorrily . enopgh, he mesritritoi fmakeltrliis; busineps to protect Beatrice fromJHiw'esurepif poverty, and- well; faewthotj" itwonldbe useless to ofre£. Tier ffireet' Assistance. . . Secondly, he wished towEli&Withatit; would notjbeuthe rijyadfiage of .'her fondly1 ' .|«yS3r-' Hfee hatwM a ghost, pedmil8 fact would I make I her reticent raf the ! subject : Hp did iHj" . not know that she was playing a much bigger game for her . own hand, a. game of which, the stakes were thousands a year, and that she was moreover mad with jealousy and what, in snch a woman, must pass for love. Elizabeth made no comment on his offer, and before Mr. Granger's profuse thanks were nearly finished, Geoffrey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice, pale arid spiritless, went abont her dnties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense tbat conld awaken her sneplcions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. Bnt at last an event occurred that caused Elizabeth to determine to take the field. One day she met Owen Davies walking along the beach in tbe semi-insane way which he now affected. He stopped, and, without farther ado, plunged into conversation. ' I can't bear it any longer,' he said wildly throwing up his arms. ' I saw her yesterday, and she cat me short be fore I ' coald speak a word. I have prayed for patience and it won't come to' me, only a voice seemed to say to me that I mast wait ten days more, ten short days, and then Beatrice, my beantifnl Rsllrinp. wnnld hp mtr wffp af. , , > j — last-' 'If yon go on. in this way, Mr. Davies,' aaid Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with jealous anger, ' yon will soon be off yonr bead. Are yon not ashamed of yourself for making - a iuac avuuv «» gin a picu1)' UttiQ ? If yon want to get married, marry some body else.' ' Marry somebody else,' be said dreamily ; ' I don't know auybody else whom I conld marry, except yon, and yon are not Beatrice.' ' No,' answered Elizibeth angrily, ' I should hope that I have more sense, and if yon wanted to marry me yon would have to set abont it in a different way to this. I am not Beatrice, thank heaven, but I am her sister, and I warn yon that I know more abont her than yon do. I warn yon as a friend to be carsfnl. Supposing that Beatrice were not worthy of yon, yon wonld not wish to many her, would yon ?' Now Owen Davies, like most other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance, was at heart somewhat afraid of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters connected with his insane pas- eiou, he was very fairly shrewd. He j suspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what. 'No, no, of coarse not,' he said. ' Of coarse I would not marry her if she was not fit to be my wife — but I mast know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good after-, noon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now ; it cannot go on much loDger now. My prayers will be an swered, I know they wilL ' Yon are right there, Owen Davies,' thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. ' Yonr prayers shall be answered in a way that will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and yon shall marry me. The fish has been .on the line long enough, now 1 mast begin to pull in.' Cariously enough it never really oc curred to Elizabeth that Beatrice herself might prove to be the trne obstacle to tbe marriage she plotted to prevent. She knew that her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingbam, bnt that wheu it came to the point, she wonld absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success io life ebe never for one moment believed. Of coarse she thought it was possible that if Beatrice conld "get possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, bat failing him, judging from her own .low and vulgar standard, Elizabeth was convinced that she wonld take Owen. It did not seem possible that what was so precious in her own eyes might be valneless and even hateful in those of her sister. As for -tbat little midnight incident, sell, it was one thing and marriage was an other. People forget snch events when they marry ; sometimes they .even marry in order to forget them. Yes, she . most strike, but how? Elizabeth had feelings like other people. , She did not mind .raining her sister and rival, bnt she wonld much prefer that it should not be known that hers was the band to cot ber down. Of course, if tire worst came to the worst, . she muBt do it. Meanwhile, might not a substitute be fonnd — Homebody in whom the act would seem not one of vengeance, bnt of virtue ? Ah ! she had it: Lady Honoris :Wbo could be better aui Gttuu a jtuiyuw buou irua crueiij iu- jured wife ? Bat thea how should she communicate tbe facts to her ladyship without involving herself? Again she hit upon a' device much favoared by snch people — ' an vieax true mats toujours bon ' — the pristine one of an anonymous letter, which has the start ling merit of not committing anybody to anything. An anonymous letter, to all appearance written by a servant : it was the very -thing I Most likely it wonld result in. a searching inquiry by Lady Honoria, io which event Eliza beth wonld Of coarse,, against -her will, be forced to say what she knew ; almost certainly it wonld result .in a quarrel between husband and wife, which .might induce tbe former to ' show his h&nd;, or even to take-some open step as regards Beatrice. . fihi-VMjSqny for Geoffrey, against whom she bad no ill feeling, bnt it coald nob 'be helped ; he mast be sacrificed. . - Tbat very evening she wrote her let ter and sent it to be posted by an old servant- living In1 'London. It was a masterpiece ' iri its way, especially phonetically. This precious epistle,: which was most exceedingly ill writ .in a large -coarse hand, ran thns : — 'Mir ladi,— My corisence drnvsme to It, mnch agaiu my wilL- I've tried fere, my ladi, hot to speek! 'first acorae : of inire B, as 'i heve knowed good and pour and also for tine eakes of yonr aril / nsb'and that wnlf In eheeps cloathin. .Bat wheri'i to'rnk on yon my ladi a for- ful.legel wife, gud and vittUs and peur and iifJtiiB things as i'bey eeBn vriiich fs enough to bring a btosh to tiie-face of a . stater, Xknoyrirlt is my holy dooty to «to""ybnr' laaitoipp-to'-it>llera 3 Yonr. ItSiipp fgif toe'bht-btfwthe nite -of otoiitonnday B. Granger vriat nsbana-jSaswss tomi aham ther to"«e.-- AfterwarS «or an hoarj ehe if yonr ladisbipp don't believ me, lee yonr ladishipp rite to miss elizheth, as had this same miefortuue to see as yonr trn frend, ' The Riteb.' In due course this charming anony mous letter reached Lady Honoria, bearing a London post-mark. Sbe read and re-read it, and soon mastered its meaning. Then, after a night's thought, sbe took the Biter's ' advice and wrote to Elizabeth, sending her a copy of the letter (her own), vehemently re pudiating all belief in it, and asking for a reply that shoald dissipate this foal slander from her minri for Avar . The answer came by return. It was short and artful. 'Dear Lady Honoria Bingham,' it ran, ' you must forgive me if I decline to answer the questions in yonr letter. Yon will easily understand that be tween a desire to pieBerve a sister's reputation and an incapacity (to -be ap preciated by every Christian) to speak other than' the truth — it "is possible for a person to be placed in tbe most crnel : of positions — a position which I am snre will command even yonr sympathy, thongh under such circumstances I have little right to expect any from a wife believing herself to have been crnelly wronged. Let me add that nothing short nf fhfi onmrmlcnnn nf a Mnvf. /€ law will suffice to nnaeal my lips as to the details of the circnmstances (which ; are, I trust, misunderstood) alluded to in the malicious anonymous letter of which you inclose a. copy.' That very evening as the Fates would had a quarreL As usnal, it was abont Effie, for on most other subjects they preserved an armed neutrality. Its de tails need not be entered into, but at last Geoffrey, who was in a sadly irrit able condition of mind fairly lost his temper. 1 The fact is,' he said,- ' tbat you are not fit to look after tbe child. Yon only think of yourself Honoria.' She turned on him with a dangerous look apon ber cold and handsome face. Be careful what you say, Geoffrey. It is yon who are not fit to have the i charge of Effie. Be carefal lest I take ber away from yon altogether, as I can if I like.' ' What do yon mean by that threat ?' he asked. 'Do yon want to know. Then I will tell yon. I understand enough lew to be aware that a wife can get a separa tion . from an unfaithful husband, and what is more, can take away his child ren.' ' Again I ask you what yon mean,' said Geoffrey turning cold with anger. ' I meaH this, Geoffrey. Tbat Welsh : girl is yonr mistress. She passed the night of Wbit-Sanday in yonr room,and was carried from it in yonr arms.' ' It is a lie,' he said ; ' she is nothing of the sort. I do not know who gave you this information, but it is a slander ous lie, and somebody shall suffer for it.' 'Nobody will suffer for it, Geoffrey, because yon will not dare to stir the matter np — for the girl's sake if not for yonr own. Can you deny that yon were seen carrying her in yonr arms from yonr room on Whit-Sunday night ? Can yon deny that yon are in love with her?' And eupposing that l am in" love with her, is it to be wondered at, seeing bow yon treat me and have treated me for years?" he answered furiously, 'It is utterly false to say that sbe is my mistress.' ' ' Fon have not answered my ques- tion, eaid Lady Honoria with a smile of triumph. ' Were yon seen carrying that woman in yonr arms and from yonr room at tbe dead of night ? Of coarse it meant nothing, nothing at all. Who wonld dare to asperse the character of this perfect, lovely and intellectual schoolmistress ? I am not jealous, Geoffrey ' 'I should think not, Honoria, seeing how things are.' ' I am not jealous, I repeat, but please understand tbat I will not have this go on in yonr interests aud mine. Why, what a fool yon most be. Don't yon knew that a man who has risen, as yon have, has a hundred enemies ready to spriog on him like a pack of wolves and . tear him to pieces ? Why, many even J of those who fawn upon yon and flatter yon to yonr face, hate yon bitterly in secret,becahae yon have succeeded where they have failed. Don't yon know also that there are papers here iu London which would give hondreds of pounds for the chance of publishing snch a scandal as this, especially against a powerful political opponan". Let it once come out that this obsenre girl la yonr mistress ' flrtnnrto T vrnu aLo ia rtrafVilnrv of the sort. It is true I carried her from my room in a fainting fit, bnt sbe came there in her sleep.' Lady Honoria langbed. ' Really, Geoffrey, I wonder that yon think it worth while to tell me snch nooseasa Keep it for tbe divorce coart, if we ever get there, and see what a jury says to it. Look here ; be sensible. I am not a moralist, and I am not going to play the outraged wife nnless yon force me to it. I do not mean to take any farther notice of this interesting little tale as agaiiiBt yon. Bat if you go on with it, beware 2 I will not be made to look a fool. If yon are going to be rained yon can be rained by yourself. I warn von franklv. that at the first sign of it, I shall pnt myself in the right by commencing proceedings against yon. " Now, of course, I know this, that In the event of a smash; yon would be glad enough to be rid of me in order that yon might welcome yonr dear Beatrice in my place. Bnt there are two things to remember ; first, that yon conld not marry her, supposing yon to be idiot -eoodgh to wish to do so, because I shoald only , get a judicial separation, and yon wonld still have to support me. Secondly, if I go Effie goes 'with me, for I have a right to claim her at law ; and that fact, my dear Geoffrey, makes me mistress .of the situation, because I do notjmppose that yon ' wonld'part with Effie even for the sake of Miss Beatrice., And. pow 1. will leayeyon to tbink it over. ' , . /; - - - - - . And with. Alittle nod .. she sailed out, of the room, completely 'victorious. : She wsS indtod, , reflected Geoffrey, 'miBttjs8 qf the situation/ apposing' tbst -yibe brought " eail. Againat him where i,wpald , jre bel , She .most hare CTiaenbe/orahs wonld notfrave known jllesriy 'feA'JntiiBried hjy tomehody,' prpbaWy <Mth«hy ser- : varit girl, and that eome one had be trayed it to Honoria and possibly to others. The thonght made him sick. He was a man of the world aod a practical lawyer, and thongh, indeed, they were innocent, he knew that under the few wonld be fonnd to believe it. At the very best there mnst be a terrible and shocking scandal, and Beatrice wonld lose her good name. He placed himself in tbe position of counsel for the petitioner in a like case, and thonght haw he wonld crush and crumple snch a defence in his address to the inrv. A orobabJe tale forsooth 2 , Undoubtedly, too, Honoria would be acting wisely from her point of view. Public sympathy would be with ber throughout. He knew that, as it was, he was generally believed to owe much of his success to his handsome and high-born wife Now it wonld be said that he had osed her as a ladder and then thrown her over. ' With all this, however, he might cope ; he conld even iine nriflt flia vr> I rvo a ottanlra nf d vnlodl press, aod tbe gibes and jeers of his political and personal enemies, but to lose Effie he coald not bear. And if j snch a case were brought against htm it was almost certain that he wonld lose her, for, if he was worsted, custody of tne coaa would oe given to tne injured wife. Then there was Beatrice to be con sidered. The same malicious tongue that-had revealed this matter to Honoria would probably reveal it to the rest of the world, and if he escaped the worst penalties of outraged morality, they wonld certainly be wreaked upon her. Beatrice's reputation would be blasted, her employment lost, aud her life made a harden to her. Yes, decidedly, Honoria bad the best of the position ; - decidedly, also, she spoke words of weight aDd common sense. r What was to be done ? Was there no way ont of it ? All that nigbt as Geoffrey sat in the Honse, his arms folded on his Breast, and to appearance intently listening to the long barrangaes of the Opposition, thu question haunted him. He argued the eitaation ont this way and that way,- till at last he came to a conclusion. Either he most wait for the scandal to leak out, let Beatrice be rained, and direct his efforts to the softening of Honoria, and generally to self-preservation, or he must take the ball by tile horns, mast abandon bus great career and his country and seek refnge in another fond, say America, taking Beatrice aud Effie with him. Once the. child was out of the jurisdic tion, of coarse no coart conld force her from him. Of tbe two courses, even in so far as he himself was concerned, what between the urgency of the matter and the un ceasing pressure of his passion, Geoffrey inclined to the latter. The relations be tween himself and Honoria had for years been so strained, so totally differ ent from those which shoald exist be tween man and wife, that they greatly mitigated in bis mind the apparent iniquity of each a step. Nor wonld be feel much compunction at removing the child from her mother, for there was no Jove lost between the two, and as time went on he shrewdly guessed there would be less and less. For the rest he had some seventeen thousand pounds in hand : he wonld take half and leave Honoria half. He knew that he conld always earn a living wherever he went, ond nmlialtlnr rr» H nh mnvm 4- Via n a lirnniv and of whatever he earned a strict moiety shoald be paid to Honoria. Bat ; first and above everything there was Beatrice to be considered. She most be saved, even if 'he rained himself to save her. Lady Honoria, it is scarcely necessary to say, had Utile idea that she was driv ing her bnsband to such dangerous aod determined councils. She wanted to frighten Geoffrey,not to lose him and all be meant to her; this was the last thing that she woold wish to do. She did not greatly care abont the Beatrice incident, bnt her shrewd . common sense told her that it might well be need as an engine to rain them alL Therefore she epoke as she did speak, though in reality matters wonld have to be bad indeed be fore she sought the aid of a court of law, where many things concerning herself might come to the light of day which she would prefer to leave in darkness. Nor did she stop here ; she determin ed to attack Geoffrey's position in another way, namely, throngh Beatrice herself. For a long time Honoria hesi tated as to the method of this attack. She had some knowledge of the world and of character, and from what she knew of Beatrice she came to the sonnd conclusion that she was not a woman to be threatened, bnt rather one to be ap pealed to. So after much thought sbe wrote to her thns : — ' A story, which I still hesitate to be lieve, "has come to me by means of anonymous letters, as to yonr conduct with my bnsband. I do not wish to re peat it now, farther than to say that, if trne, it establishes circnmstances which leave no doubt as to the existence of re-' latioos so intimate between yon as to amonntto guilt. It may not be trne or it may, in" which latter event I wish to eay this c With yonr morality I have nothing to do; it is yonr affair. Nor do I wish to nlead to von as an iniared wife or to reproach yon, for there are things too wicked for mere reproach. Bnt I will say this ; if the story is true, X mast presume that yon have some af-. fection for the partner of yonr shame. I put myself orit of the question, and in the name -of that affection, however guilty it may be; I ask yon to posh matters no farther. To do so will be to bring its object to utter ruin. If you care for him, sever all cotmection with him utterly and for ever. Otherwise he will JUve to curse and hate yon. Shonld yon uLeat this advice, and should the facts that I have -heand. become public pro perty, I warajon, as I have already Svarned ypn. tiiat l shall be forced, in Eelf-preasrvafion and for the sake of 'self-respect, to appeal to the law for my remedy. ' - Remember -that his career is 'at eteka>-&nd; .that in losing it and me ha will jIf o iJose frfo child. Remember that -if this comes about it will .be 1 through -yoti Do not answer tbis.it :Wjl!;do'"np good, for T shall naturally put jpo-faitb jLh yqtir protestations, hot If jjraibare jany -way or measure guilty of th Is 'hffenoe,; appealing to yon us one <w;ESmScto>Sh0r,' «nd ' for the sake of the inan yrhojs dear ,to both, I say do yonr best to redeem tbe evil, by making allfurther communication between your self and him an impossibility. H. B." It was a clever letter ; Lady Honoria conld nut have devised one more power ful to work on a woman like Beatrice. Tbe same post that took it to hec took another from Geoffrey himself. It was long thongh guarded, and need not be quoted in its entirety, but it put the whole position before ber in somewhat veiled language, and ended by sayiog, 'Marriage I cannot give yon, only life-lone love. In ' other circnmstances to offer this wonld be an insult, but if things should be as I fear, It is worth yonr consideration. I do not say to you come , I say come if you wish. No, Beatrice, I will not pot this crnel burden of decieion upon yon. £ come I I do Dot command yon to corns, because I promised to leave yon unin fluenced. Bat I pray yon to do so. Let us pnt an end to this wretchedness, and count the world well lost as onr price of love. Come, dearest Beatrice — to leave me no more till death. I pnt my life in yonr bands ; if yon take it np, whatever trouble yon may have to foce, yon will never lose my affection or esteem. Do oot ti-ink of me, think of vnnrjanlf. Vnn have jrivp.n mp vonr love bb you once gave me my life. I owe something in return ; I cannot see you shamed and make no offer of repara tion. Indeed, so far as I am concerned, I shall think all I lose as nothing com pared to what I gain in gaining yon. Will — TV "II 1 tin j wu t/uuic i AA BU| wc %viit leave this country and begin afresh elsewhere. After all, it matters little, and will mat ter less when everything is said and done. Life for me has hitherto been bat as an nnwhoiesome drama. The one real thing, the one happy thing that I have fonnd in it has been oar love. Do not let us throw it away, Beatrice.' By return of post he received this an swer written in pencil : 'No, dear Geoffrey. Things must take their course. — B.' That was all. (To be continued in our next.) 