PARLIAMENT. [Br TKLEQKAK ] IN the Assembly, on TUEBDAV, Mr. BRUCK SMITH, in answer to Mr. M Far lano, said that tenders would be invited next month for the first portion of the harbor improve- ments at tho Claren co River Heads. Mr. SYDNEY SMITH, in answer to Mr. Steven- son, said that provision had been made in the Stock and Pastures Bill for dealing with the flying fox and other noxious auimalB, The SPEAKER. (Mr. Tonng) informed the House that in view of what had ooourred InBt week, ho had deoided to resign bia position. In a roioo evidently nffeoted by emotion Mr. Speaker proceeded to explain that ho ímd been overwhelmned by a commercial disaster qnite beyond his control. He saw no legal necessity for resigning, but preferred to do so rather than submit to a continu- ance of the attaoks whioh had been made upon him in tho HOUBB. The PREMIER and . Mr. DIBBS feelingly referred to Mr, Young's position, and tho former Baid that no man ever filled the obalr who more honorably tried to do bis duty. (Cheers.) Mr. JOSEPH ABBOTT moved, "That this House will, on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a com- mittee of the whole to consider on address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause provision to be made on an addi- tional or supplementary estimate for 181)0, for the payment to country and suburban municipalities of a further additional grant of Ga in the £ on 'the total amount of rates collected by Buch municipali- ties for the mnnioipal year ending February 4, 1800." It did not- require any argument to eon vinoe bon. members of the neoeasity of keeping municipalities in proper order, and the vote whioh he proposed waa required, in consequence of the very severe floods. If the roads were not pnt in ?roper order they would get into utter disrepair, f hon. members would take the tronblo to look up the figures, which would show that a largo amount of money was puc into the hands of these muni- cipalities for the extensivo roads they had to make and control, they w^uld see that tho aldermen did a large amount of work, and deserved muoh oredit. As there was a desiro to get into committee on this matter, he wonld not detain the House. He would only urge the House , to agree to the motion be- cause it was necessary, and because the expenditure could not be committed to better hands. Mr. M'MILtiAN said that at the present time the Government had no available funds for this pro- posal, and thoy could not therefore acoept the resolution, Thoy had set aside some £60,000 for the supplementary estimates, but that would pro- bably be absorbed by unforseen contingencies. They might perhaps bo .able to do as the hon. member wished next year. At the present time it was not a question as to the desirability of the matter, but simply a question of finance, aud he would therefore ask the hon, member to withdraw the proposal. Mr. DIBBS said he would advise the Treasurer not to make any more indofinite promises. He did not think tho supporters of the Government had a right to put tho Treasurer in a false position. Mr. SEC asked whoso fault it was the Govern- ment did not have tho necessary funds. In his opinion the fnnlt lay entirely with the Government and their supporters, in doing away with meanB of revenue. It waa an absolute neoesaity that coun- try municipalities should be assisted. The sum of £55,000 to be disbursed in that way, he thought rldionlously Bmall, The aldermen and mayors of country municipalities in particular did a great deal of work, and were entitled to a great deal of sympathy, and should bo helped.' The motion was not by any means hostilo to tho Government. It was simply necessary roads should be made good. An enormous amount of damage had been done to roads by tho late heavy rains, and in many parts tho municipalities had already borrowed to tbeir full capacity, and wero waiting until their revenue improved before repairing the damage, The motion was agreed to, ? ON Wednosday, in the Council, the leprosy Bill was read a third time, and. returned to the Assembly. The HOOBO then went into ooramittee on ' the Probate Bill, and dealt with the first eleven olauBes. The Assombly re-assembled at 3,50, when'the now Speaker took the chair. There was a large attendance, 103 members being prcsont. Mr. COPELAND proposed Mr. Abbott aa Speaker, and hoped to be allowed to express sinoere sympathy with the late oooupant of the ohalr. Ho was sure no one would fail to endorse his expressions of sympathy, and that Mr, Young would take away with him the best feelings and warmest sympathy of every member of the House. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BLACK seconded the motion, and there being no opposition, Mr, Abbott waa conducted to the ohair. Mr. ABBOTT, who was received with cheers, said no one in that House regretted more than he did tho circumstances whioh brought about his nomin- ation. Unanimous expressions of favourable opin- ion from all sides of the House showed he would have the support which waa necessary to uphold tho dignity of the ohair, whioh was also the dignity of the hiehest institution in tho land. Sir HENEY PARKES, whilo offering; sincere congratulations to Mr. Abbott on bis eleotion, said individually he did not doubt from his observations of that gentleman's publio oarcor that he carried to the ohair a conscientious conviction of the import- ance of the duties of Speaker. He had no doubt ho possessed peculiar knowledge of his duties, together with a patriotic desire to discharge them, BO as to elevate tho oharaoter of that House and do honor to the country. AB an Englishman, it was gratifying to him that he (Mr. Abbott) was a native of Australia-the time was coming when thoy must all bo Australians. It was a gratifying circumstance to all men born in the colony, aspiring to and fitting himself for the highest position in the State. He trusted and believed that Mr. Abbott in his career in the highest of all positions in tho Legislatura would never for a moment forget that his great aim should be to elevate and pre- serve tho institution of Parliament ; to keep firmly rooted the great privileges, and use his influenoeto shape proceedings in Parliament BO far as lay in his power, and reflect an honor on tho whole country, (Loud oheers). Mr. DIBBS congratulated Mr. Abbott on his elevation, expressing his conviction that not only would ho (Mr. Abbott) conscientiously and ably carry out the duties of his position, but would receive tho loyal Bnpport of all the members of the House. * Sir HENRY PARKES moved " That the mem- bers proceed to Government House and present the Speaker to tho Governor." The motion was agreed to and carried out. The Speaker took tho chair again at 4.25, and announced his presentation to the Governor, who had bean pleased to assent to the selection; and the commission (signed by the Governor) appointing J. P. Abbott as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly was then read by the clerk. Several unimportant questions were answered, and Mr. Ewing presentod a petition from Wood- burn against the Sunday Observance Bill. The Speaker thou left tho chair, and tho House resolved into committee of ways and means, when tho debate on 'tho Financial Statement WOB resumed by Mr. BURNS, who dissented with several portions of the Statemont, although he supported tho action in delaying Financial proposals. Mr. O'SULLIVAN called the Ministry the " Jeremy diddlers" of tho colony, and accused the Treasurer of making a bogus surplus. Mr. WALKER said that Bums' apology for tho Government did little credit to his abilities. Mr. DIBBS took exception to the Treasurer, treating as revenue £150,000 worth of land which tho Governmont had intended to Boll, bnt had not yet sold, cl tho Centennial Park. Hu said tho Treasurer tries to maka out that in Jannary, 1891, he would Btart with a surplus of nearly £130,000 ; os a matter of fact, ho would have a deficiency of £208,000. Ho pointed out that there was nothing down in tho Estimates for charges made under tho Crown Bents Bill, and asked what justified the Treasurer in estimating an increase of £81,000 in the Canto-mi revenue, and £30,000 in th« Railway revenue, after the experience of the past few months. The hon. member concluded by prophesy- ing a deficit of £f>Gl ,000, instead of a surplus of £73,000. Hr. M'MILLAN said he should have earned the approbation of the Leader of the Opposition if he had sold the land at Centennial Park at once for £200,000, instead of keeping it till the improve- ments were mado, when its value would be half a million. He traversed Hr. Dibbs' arguments, and said the member was laoking either in intelligence or political honesty, and tbat no honorable member had a rigbt to draw on his imagination and mis- represent the position of affaira in the country. Kew South Wales was entering an era ot unex- ampled prosperity, and he maintained that the whole Public Debt could be wiped off with one single asset. Hr. Alexander Brown and Hr. Slattery spoke of the broken pledges of the Government. Mr. TEEOE wished to know if the Protectionists were confident why they did not nominate a candi- date for West Sydney. On the motion of Mr. McMillan, progress was reported, and leave given to sit again. -ON THURSDAY, in the Council, tho farther consid- ération of the Probate Bill in detail, waa resumed in oommittee. A discussion took place on a letter from Mr. Justice Manning, read by Mr. Simpson. Mr. BURDETT SMITH said the letter was an undue interference with the rights of the Chamber, I and that it was tho duty of a judge to administer, I not to frame, laws by influencing votes of members, by Bending a speeoh to the Attornoy-Qeneral in the form of a letter. Sir William Manning, Mr. Pigott and Mr. Simp- son combattcd this view. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said a motion of oensnre had been tablod in the Assembly. There- fore, he would not proceed further with' Govern- ment business. In the Assembly, the Speaker announced that he had received the appointment of Mr. William John Lyne as a member of the Eleotion Qualifications Committee. After several unimportant questions were an- swered, Mr. HURLEY asked, without notice, whether the attention of the. Government had been direoted to the seditious and blasphemous statements mude by A. G. Taylor at the West Sydney nominations. Mr. M'MILLAN said he would place tho matter before tho Colonial Secretary. Mr. WALKER (for Mr. Nicholl) moved " that the return to order the conditional purchases of J. Smith, J. M. D. Sullivan and A. Campbell, in the land district of Lismore, laid upon the table on October 15th, bo printed and referred to the Select Committee now sitting upon the Bubjeot.-The motion was agreed to. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. GABOABD, said that ho would proceed with the Liquor Licens- ing Bill next week. Mr. DIBBS Bald : " I give notice that' on Wed- nesday next I will move : First, that thia Houso deplores the pretext pnt forward by the Govern- ment, for the indefinite postponement of the announcement of their Fiscal Policy. Second, that this Bouse is of opinion that a Proteotlve polioy is necessary to stimulate our Agricultural and Manufacturing industries ; and to provide profitable employment for the people. Third, that the foregoing resolutions be communicated by address to His Excellency the Governor." Sir HENRY PARKES congratulated the hon. member on taking a straightforward and proper oourse, and he moved the adjournment of the House till Wednesday next. Crown Lands Sale. - On Wednesday tho Landa Agent submitted to auotion portions 162, ins and 169, parish Clarenza, of about 23 aores area eaoh. They were passed in without offer. Yesterday portions ISO, 151,154, 155 and 15C, in same parish, were offered, the latter only, contain- ing 17} acres, being sold ; purchaser, Mr. P. D. Davies, Gratton, at the upset of £10 per aere. The lots offered yesterday ranged in area from 12 to 17 J aeres. The upset on the whole of the above was £10 per aoro, and is considered too high. At a more moderate figure we are assured tho lots would have been quitted. They are situate within a short distance of the Grafton-Ulmorra road, near tho Clarenza saleyards. The Coldstream Bridge.-A correspondent from Cowper writes :-'. The Coldstream Bridge Committee are anxiously awaiting report as to the result of soundings taken some time since, and consider the erection of tbe bridge should be com menoed during the Bum mor months. Reserved from Sale.-Part of wharf re- serve at Maclean has boon cancelled, bnt. pro- claimed a reserve for Post and Telegraph Ottice. Its area is 20 perches, and is situate on the south- western side of Biver-street, at tho easternmost corner of allotment 3 of section la, town of Mac- lean (reservo for court-house and lock-up) ; and bounded by part of tho north-eastern boundary of that land north-westerly 226 links. 13a.' lr, 20pcr" ond 8a., parish Torania, with frontage to Goolmangar Creek, Biohmond River, his been re- served for cemetery purposes. Photograph of Lord Carrington-Messrs Kerry and Jones, of Sydney, the eminent portrait and landscape photographers, have reoently pub- lished an admirable portrait of His Excellency Lord Carrington. The portrait is what is known, we believe, as three quarter, showing the Governor in full Masonic Grand-Master's regalia. AB a like- ness it is true to the life, while every line of the gorgeous Masonio olothing and jewels is distinctly brought out. AB a memento of the first Grand Master of United Masonry in New South Wales, and an ardent workor in tho interest of the craft throughout Australia, we doubt not but there aro very few of the fraternity but will acouro a copy of Messrs. Kerry and Jones' artistio production. ïn the Assembly, Mr. Bruoe Smith said there was no truth in tbe statement that he intended bringing tho country road-Buperintendents to Sydney, and sending them out spasmodically as required. The Viotorian Education Department has deoided to issue books prepared by Mr. Frenoh, Government Entomologist, regarding destrnotlve inseots, for the information of tho scholars in State schools. Tho bookB contain colored plates of the inseots in varions BtBges. 1 Mr. Cathol (who was a labour candidate to Sydney) informed a meeting at the Melbourne Trades Hall that " the strikors were loBing all along the lino." Refreshing to find one labour delegate with the courage of his opinions. The Government inspector visited dairies in the South Coast distriot in May last, and the report is only juBt presented, although it is asserted that great danger is incurred by the publio in the con- sumption of the dairy produots. Ked-tapoiBm again. The prominent Labour leaders are unanimous in their opposition to A. G. Taylor. They apparently know the "tricks of tho trade," and look with suspicion on the high flown twaddle in Mr. T's. address. Tho man Eather, who hos boen for some time a oonfineo in Windsor Gool through inability to pay costs, consequent on an notion against MB wifo for slandor, had to bo removed to the local hospital the other day through serions ¡lincea. u ' The irritation of the Portuguese is'increasing since the British gunboats passed through tho "Portuguese ships of war, barring the entrance to the Zambesi. The Frenoh Trade Union Congress has passed unanimously a rosolntion in favor of a gonoral strike in all countries, with a view of obtaining a legal recognition of tho oight-honr principle. In Land Court on Monday the case of W. and F. Fanning was reforred back to Grafton Land Beard for re-hearing, with the objeot of further inquiries being made rc tho boundary of pastoral lease and proposed alienation of land on Phillip's Creek. The Monnt Keira miners demand an' apology from the Colonial Treasurer, for his unwarrantable and sourrilous imputation that thoy wore unfit to exercise tho Parliamentary f ranohiso nt tho present time. A Russian legend relates that whon St. Joseph returned from his flight into Egypt ho fonnd bis shoes in great want of repair, and being awaro of the excellence of leather work in Russia, Bent them to Kleff to be mended, where thoy remainod. It is now reported from Kiel! that the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to re-solo the shoes and then " expose them to tho veneration of the faithful."* A correspondent relates a novel Incident in con- nection with a striko of carpenters in tho now Stato of SVaehington. Tho mea struck work at a large building being orooted for thc purposo of holding a local industrial exhibition. Straightway about 200 prominent citizens, inoluding lawyers, doctora, and others, started tho work ot shingling tho roof and laying down tho floor. Beater's agent at Berlin reports : " The ghost scare which recently arose in a number of Bohools in this oity nnd hos sinco spread to tho sntmrbs, has assumed tho oharactcr of a nervous disease. In ono sohool a panic has been created by a young girl who waa frightened by a window curtain flapping in the wind, and there have been similar oconrrenoes in several schools attended by children of the upper class. 