THE STORY OF TIJAIHA, THE SORCERER. I (Horatio Hale, in "AmeiucanFolk-Lore.") One of the most notable of the many folk tales of his nation which my eloquent friend, Chief Mandarong (Joseph White), related to me with much animation, and which his intelligent French wife translated with similar readiness and spirit, had a peculiar interest from its reference to the well-known belief of the Indians in a close connection between human beings and the lower animals, and in the preternatural powers which these brute colleagues could some times communicate to their human friends. I give it precisely as it was transcribed in my journal, fifteen years ago. from notes taken at the time :— When the French came (so the chief's words were rendered) the missionaries tried to prevail on the Indians to receive their religion. They asked the Indians if they knew anything about God. The Indians replied that they did ; that three or four times a year they had meetings, at which the women and children were present, and then the chiefs told them what to do and warned them against evil practices. The missionaries said that this was good, but that there was a better way. which they ought to know. They ought to become Christians. But the Indian said, "We have many friends among the creatures about us. Some of us have snake friends, some eagles, some bears, and the like. How can we desert our friends?" The priests replied, "There is only one God." "No," said the Indians, " there are two gods, one for the Indians, and the other for the whites." The discussion lasted three days. Finally, the priest said it was true—there were two Gods, Jesus and the Holy Ghost. One of these might be the same as the Indian God. The Indians could follow all his commands which were good, and also obey the commands of Jesus. But they would have to give up their alliesa.nong the brudes. Some of the Hurons became Christians, but others refused to accept the now religion Among these was a noted warrior, a young man, named Tijaiha. On ono occasion lie left the town with his family to hunt 011 the Huron River. One day, c oming to a deep pool near the river, he beheld a violent com motion in the water, which was evidently made by a living creature. Of what nature it might be he did not know, though he believed it to be a great rer pent, and to be possessed, like many of the wild creatures, of supernatnral powers. T hereupon, after the fashion of the Indians, t le fasted for ten days, eating occasianally onl; y a few morsels to preserve life ; and lie prayed to the creature that some of its powers might be bestowed on him. At the end of the tenth day a voice from the disturbed pool de manded what he wanted. He replied that, he wanted to have such po w er given to him that he could vanquish and destroy all his enemies. She (the creature) replied that this power should be conferred upon him if he would grant her what she desired. He asked what this was, and was told that she would require one of his children. If he would grant this demand, his might come at night and learn from her the secret which would give him the power ho sought for. He objected to this sacrifice but offered, in place of the child, to give an old woman, his wife's mother. The creature .accepted the substitute, and the bargain was concluded. That night Tijaiha returned ±0 the pool, and learned what he had to do. He wan to prepare a cedar arrow, with wh'.ich he must shoot the creature when she should appear, at his call, above the water. From the wound he could then draw a small quantity of blood, the possession of which would render him invincible, and enable him to destroy hi3 enemies. But as this blood was a deadly poison, and even its effluvia might be mortnl, lie must prepare an antidote from the jui ;e of a plant which she named. On the follou ing day he procured the plant, a;nd his wi fe —who knew nothing of the :fetal price he was to pay—assisted him in making the infusion. He also made a cedar (arrow, and with bow in hand, repaired to the pool. At his call the water began to cise, boiling fearfully. As it rose an animal came forth. It proved to be a large bird, a "diver," and the warrior said, " This is not the one," and , lefc it go. Xho water boiled and j?ose higher, ^h'd A porcupine came out. " Neither is this the one," s;pd the warrior, and withdrew his arrow from his bow. Then tho water rose in fury to the level of the bank, and the head of a huge horned serpent, with distended jaws nnd flaming eyes rose nnd glared nt Tijaiha. "This is tho one," he said, ind shot thc-croature in the neck; Tho blood gushed jfoythl ..aiiti lie. eauglifc; iii ii vessel •wliiclr h'ic It eld Sreiiujf, rluoliu Tlalf H JjiHk 1'lieti he ran toward his lodge, but before he reached it he had become nearly blind and all but helpless. His wife put the kettle to his lips! He drank the antidote, nnd pre sently vomited the black poison, and re gained his strength. In the morning he called to his wife's mother, but she was dead. She had perished without n touch from a human hand. In this mailiief he hectimo possessed of a tuilsman which, as he believed, would give him a . charmed life, and secure him the victory over his enemies. ; But in some way. it became known that he had boon the cause of tho mother's death. This crime'excited the , indignation of his people, aiid ho dared not go back to them. He took refuge •with the Iroquois, and became a noted war- chief among them. After some time lie resolved, in an evil hour, to lead an attack against his own people. He set forth at the head of a strong party of warriors, and arrived.at the Wyandot settlement, near the present town of Sandwich. It was the season of corn-planting, and two of Tijaiha's aunts.had come out on that day to planttheir fieldsi IJhey Wel'e women or high rank in the tribe'(" fttft" Sftid Mrs; White< " they liilvq high-people aiid common people among them," just* like the white folks"), and Tijaiha knew that their death would arouse the whole tribe. He ordered his followers to kill them. This they did, and then re treated into the forest to the riprtliward; carefully covering their ti-aoks; to bsfettjte pursuit'. Tlieir feacter's expectation was that the Huron warriors would go off in another direction in' search of their enemies, thus leaving their defenceless town at his mercv. When the Hurons found the bodies they were greatly excited. They searched for ten days without discovering any trace of the murderers. Their chief then consulted a noted soothsayer, who promised that on the follewing day lie would tell liini all. During the night.the soothsayer made his incantation and in the morning informed the Hurons that the deed hildbetJtt dolie by a party of Iroquois, < under the lead of T^ijaiha.. The enemy,' lie said, was lurking in the woods, and he could guide them to the spot; but they must wait ten days before starting. The Hurons waited impatiently until the ten days had expired, and then placed the old sooth sayer on horseback, and followed him. He led them through the foreBt directly to the encampment of their enemies. Oil seeing theni they waited till evening iijitl theft thrqiVgli the flight; till dilyfeireiiL . tlicll, iit cor'dhig to1 their custom, they shouted to their sleeping foes, and rushed upon them. They killed every man in the camp; but on examing carefully the bodies, they were an noyed to1 find that Tijaiha was not among them. Being hungry, they seated th'elttselves to eat, ,and th.o y\ie£, feeling thirsty, told his son to take his kettle and bring him some water. " Where shall I find water here ?" asked the boy. " These men must have had water," replied his father. "Look for the path they have made to it." The lad looked, and found the path, and, following it, came to a deep spring or pool under a tree. As he was stooping down to it a man rose partly out of the pool, and bade the youth take him prisoner. The affrighted boy ran to the camp and told what he had seen. All shouted "Tijaiha,11'; itiid rurihed, tti tliti pcldl; Vv'liere they, dragged hiiri forth by the, hair. He stood defiant and sile'ering, whiis tiitjy ilt= : tempted to kill, liiilh Tlieir blows seemed powerless to injure him. He caught, the tomahawks which .were aiiiied at him, and hurled theni back. At length a warrior, exclaiming, " I will finish him," plunged a knife into his breast and tore out his heart. Thrown on, the ground, it bounded like a living thing, till the warrior split it open with his|kriife. Thus ended Tijaiha's evil career. His contract with the serpent had only led him to crime and death. 