(Lrumba. Caratre. Pleasant ! Cydonuna. Bike Races. PantonHSDe. Last Day of 1890. . Cuico to-morrow. Stock market dalL • Hapjiy New Year. Goodbye, your Honor. Watch Nifrht services. Austral off to London. No Journal to-morrow. (Farewell to the old year. ' Onions and handkerchiefs. No Port Beg&tta; this year. : Bingoes on the sheep-traok. Oceanicn at Albany yesterday, (treat day At the Port to-morrow. Races at MorphetviUe to-morrow. Last four dayB of .British pictures. West Australian Parliament opened. " Ring out the old, ring in the new." Mr. Alfred Packham is % little better. Port Adelaide will be alive to- morrow. SjKjrta on the Adelaide) Oval to-morTOW, An attractive programme, Mr. Presgrare. A New Year attraction—the Bicycle Races. Smallpox fillip, Keyneton, arrived in Melbourne. Government is getting " lemons" from imletters. The Chief »lu«tice will bs absent fifLeea lnoiiUm. The Churoli of his fathor honoured tho istingiHi-hcd son. 1'orl Fire Hrigode is to be disbanded—why? Xurwood ditto. Mr. .Ttxstice a* Bivkett like C. .1. Way is on leave of absence. The Australian bioye-le champion ship the race of the year. Prospect of a finely contested n?gaUaat the Port to-morrow. Is ther« a clianw? for lawyer^ now that our chief justitt'haa goncV Campion bsat J^ewis, but can ho win tomorrow's championship ? Mr. (icorge Morgan, brother of the late Sir William Morgan, is dead. IS.O.M. has bwu taking a rise out of the votsirics of zigzag fa^liion. The member for New Plymouth (N.Z.) was a turaoock and lamplighter. The Chief Justice stands by the unpretentious Church of his father. The Directors of the East-Knd Market must now enforce the regulations. Public /eoling is capable of cultivation in repard to the law as to doctors. Yeu, [there arc Protestant Cardinals, but they don't connt for very much. Sun rose at ^.53 a.m.; seta at 7.15 p.m. Moon set at 8.58 a.m.; rises at 10.49 p.m. The Chief Juati^ would go for oiting the sea if the ship is c<tug*it in a etonn. There is wmething higher than Church unity, and that is Church ^inoerity. Invasion 'of the insatiable umy. Me^ra. Grj'lltis force us to call them n.vne?. We like that kindly remembi^nce of South Australia by the Broken Hill people* Barometer ftt noon to-day. 29*90; at 3 o'clock, 201)2, rising, calm, cool, cloudless. The Hon. Ward puts a great,rob^wnsibility as to the vermin pest on the Executive Manager Playford must keep his foot dow^, against illicit trading at the East-End Market A disputed title to b quarter of a million of Heidelberg land is to 1 be discussed in the Privy" Council. . ,' 13annermaii's feat of carrying the bat out in P9 intercolonial match is the cricket event of the year. The eeptugebarian Secretary of the Melbourne Democratic Club is wanted for em* bezzlement. . The Timet is recovering its peoktt, seeing that it has converted the Hon. Reginald Brelfe to Unionism. New South Wales has got something like an occan )>ostagc*6tamp. It, however, lacks Parkes' "fizog." Messrs. Junes R. and J. M. A. Beck and J. H. W. Maker captured the prizes at the picture plebiscite. Our railways have been economically constructed, are skilfully managed, and yield hftndBome returns. Church unity, according to Mr. Sabine, is obstructed by the stump utterances of Messrs. Hastings and Gilmore. A Select Committee in Sydney have been taking startling evidence of evils in connection with medical quackery. Chairman of the Dublin Stock Exchange has failed for a quarter of a million, Bedat. Irish rise will take place in stocks. A Hindu girl at 10 is about the equal of an English girl at 11, and an Australian girl at 12 is equal to on English at 14. Artist E. H. Derrington is self-taught, works with extreme rapidity, and produces canvas beyond mere amateurishness. Tblk about the progress of the peaoo jiarty when Europu is an armed camp, and numbers of peoples are groaning under war taxes. in the Assembly lost session of 11,024 votes which should have been reoorded in divisions only 03 irt cent, are entered. Electors ask why ? .Port Adelaide School annexed three and Sturt-street two exhibitions, The latter also took two bursaries, and qualified for three exhibitions. Tho Jtcffityr is surprised at patients of qnosks not being alive to their da&gors.; Another matter for surprise is that there are bo many alive at alt The youngest member in the House, Mr. Ash, hod the highest reoord in the divisionlists, and the oldest member, the Hon. (i. C. Hawker, the lowest. ; It is impossible to over-estimate the valuable Services rendered to the colony by the Chief Justice in receiving distinguished 'visitors at considerable cost of time* money, aad energy. Mechanics, who are the staple product of public schools with alleged 44 godless education," and who are the backbone of Trades' {Unionism, are notably oonspiouous by absenoe from the Stockade. Great Britain is (says an exchange) above all others a hanging oountry, if the statistics and reports of the Howard Association be true. From these ]iapcrs it has been ascertained that during the decade 1879-1888 inclusive, 145 of 299 pereons condemned to death were hanged, the number including nine women. In Italy (no executions bave taken place «inoe 1876; in Belgium, none since 1863; in Holland, none eince 18G0; in Portugal, noue .since JL843. In Germany and Austria capital punishment is still in foroe, but it is resorted to with ths utmost reluctance. France might also be placed in the same category, for of 683 persons arraigned for capital crimes in 1887 <the latest return available) only 26 were condemned to death, and of these only six were executed. Memorabilia.—New Years Eve—- M Welcome the coming, speed the patting ; guest" " Watchman, what of the night," " Time and tide wait for no man" nor "no woman either." —But only fancy *. the city of Syracuse, which was founded 734 B.C. and at one tim* cumbered nearly a million ' inhabitants, was entered in triumph by "a band of fierce barbarians from the hills," led by Bdisarius, December 31* 535. But. then, you must remember that the -Goths whom he hacked into pieces so unmercifully in those dark ages were even fiercer and greater barbarians than his own grim warriors. —On the last day of the year, 1805, the French restored the Georgian calendar, " which beautifully symmetrica] statue the iconoclastic ruffians of the Revolution liad knocked on the Obituaries.—Among the illustrious ones who left this " v^e of tears"on f» T ew -Tear's Eve, our historio-biographioa] Crumbnftm has bunted up tho'.followi&fn;—Jnbb WicklifFc. Wyckliffe, -Wieldiff. ^Tyckliit ^ycliffo, Wiclif, Widiff, orWiclfo; " the inormng star of the Refo^&a;&m;?. difc4 U8!.'M3&&rles; de Cost*; Briww^ the brave Fm >h marshal, wont the way of all flesh1563.—Thomas Erastus, the fan lousSwissphysidttn. gave 'upthe ghost 1583. —Giovanni Borelli, the eminent Italian mathematician and physician, 'joined^ tfoc great majority, 1G79.—The Hon. Kobert Boyle, the famous philofwnher, paid the debt of nature, 1001.—John tfamsteed, the Illustrious astront^ncr, departed thi» life, 1719.—Jean Francois Marinontel, the }x>pular French writer, drew lib 1 .last breath, ]799.^8tr Phillip Fran rig, the author of the famous "Latere of Junius," went to his long home, 181K.—William Giffard, the sarcastic critic, seated from troubling, 182U. 