T HE E> OV "Lawyer Marks, his Variety Show" is, I guess Jack, the name which should be given to the enter tainment they chuck at yez at the Opera 'Ouse now. 'Ad I been 'era I wouldn't 'a ve changed, but I've a sort of a kind of an idear— oh, I often 'as an idear, Jack that the Mac-Sheridan of that elk wished to show 'em that 'e 'could do something else than erworshipiuiness the widdy. 'Pon my civi, Jack, I wasn't sure what I was a-seein'. Only about a month ago I 'ad the book : out of lioppie Moor's penny library, and I read that 'ere story, " Uncle Tom's Gabin," and a-cried and a-larfed a . bit over it, and braved the swelterin' Aveather a-fancyin' I was to see somethin' of the real interestin' story. Well, there was a-somethiu' of it, but it Avas darned small. Maries and the \rariety show are the tAVO prominent features of the entertainment. Uncle Tom, Topsy, Eegree. Eva, George Harris, and the ivliole jing-bang haven't a ghost of a sIioaa' with Marks,'. The lawyer covie is, in fact, the only part in it, and Sheridan aa'orks it up into a fearfully and Avonderfully made character comedy part. Go and see 'im, Jack, and never, dare to say 'e ain't original. lago Avas nothin' > if not critical : Sheridan is nothin' if not original— as Marks. If there is ever an edition deduce of " Uncle Tom's Cabin " published, there must be enshrined in it a portrait of Sheridan as Marks, tappin' 'is chest Avith 'is finger in the act of utterin' that poetic phrase, "Next time!" TrtlnAnin ia vonllxr n.mncin5 f.lmncrli. lint.h in mn.lf ft. up, Avliich. 'is a. picture, and in the. occasionally quaint and invariably bustlin' and earnest manner in which he plays the part. When she 'as a chance Fanny Wiseman realises to your mindls eye somethin' of the real Topsy. Edith Blaiule is artistic— in holclin' the baby ; . BucklaAV, knowin' 'e 'asn't much to do, galvanizes 'isself into vigor Avhen' there's the opportunity ; Clyndes' looks fiercer than L.L.'s placid blood-hounds ; Hosea Easton seems to fancy 'isself more Avit . the banjo than in Uncle Tom's togs, and the little girl Russell, as Eva, is as good as any on 'em. In course the idea is to give the people what appears to be to their taste, and what will go in their crowds. You can't run- a sIioav for love. There must be some sugar in it. There's no end of arariety business in it — singin' and dancin', and banjo playin' and knock about capers, and the people take to it immense, and they're doin' big biz. They only run it another Aveek as Johnnie goes to the Sydney Cri. , and Solomon's opera croAvd folloAV. 'im 'ere. Sheridan does NeAv Zealand after Sydney. Pretty much like '-as if .the bloomin' Aveather 'ad knocked SDots out of " The Guv'nor." and tha 'nn.t-. 'ad made it a bit of a frost. 'Tanyrate they takes it. off and runs on " Our Boys," Saturday (to-night) instead. Don't think it'll' do any better. These spasmodic revivals 'ave never any money in 'em, and people Avon't rush. at 'em. They done it 'cause Elton's knocked up with the 'ard graft 'e's -'ad for so long a spell, and it don't cost 'im much study as 'e's played the old butterman covie often afore. And Billie, mind you's, real bad, though you Avouldn't think it, and 'e's goin' to rest a bit. As the poet 'as it — -> 1 Billie's got a wee bit off, And nervous symptoms show ; And doctor says as Billie must On liolidayin' go. A .1 >AJ11 Ji ' r J. i_ r _ , . I , xxllvl U 11 gu U11U Ui WBliK lui il lOrulllgllD, Durin' 'is absence they give a piece new to us, called "-Tavo Nights- in Rome." It's a Yankee thing as 'as- caught on, in 'America for some time,, and they say as 'oav it is on somethin' like the same lines as " Forget- me-Not," Avliich the Genevieve Ward girl showed us out 'ere. The Brown-Potter society party open 1st March, in " Camille," and then Kyrle BelleAv and 'er will 'ave a shot at " David- Garrick," in Avhich the Kyrley one'll be able to pose to 'is .'eart's content. TheneAv' piece as draAvin' London, " La Tosca," will follow, and Ave'll 'ave about six weeks of 'em altogether. Quite enough I fancy, Jack, as I don't knoAV as 'ow we'll catch on to mere society show women. : Toole opens hat the Princess' on Saturday afore Easter, and with his crowd only arrives 'ere on 2nd March. They leave London a fortnight hence, and 'e brings Avith -im 'is old pal John Billington,. and another long-time colleague, Harry Westland, and dear old Eliza Johnstone, who 'as been Avith. 'im, father says, since ever 'e minds. Then there's a young felloAV, Gunn, a nephew of Michael Gunn, the firm's repre sentative at 'ome, and George Slielton, who's done good Avork, and a covie Wilson and a tart Irene -Vanburgh, as 'are not knoAved out 'ere. The openin' bill 'as not. been fixed on yet. On the shelf goes the pantomime Saturday Aveek. It's 'ad a fair show up to hoav, and they say for that success they are to raise a statue in the vestibule to the Walton drolls. Oh, crickie— drolls ! Warner, Avlio's at Newcastle now, chips in on 22nd Avith " Hands Across the Sea." Very big, Jack, indeed are the audiences at the Alexandra, and "Monte Cristo " maintains the.int-efest it secured at the very first, Guess they'll run it another Aveek and then Ave'll 'ave "Robbery Under Arms," Avith Captain Starlight, Old Marston.aviA. Dick and Jim, and Warrigal Aileen, and Gracey and Kale Morrison, and Maddie and Bella. It ought to be a draw. , ' From. the." Arabian Nights" they 'ave gone on to " Muddles " at St. George's, and it rattles along Avith shouts of laughter. They go at the actin' of. it pell mell in no mistake, and Mt. Maur and the boys and " the giddy young girls " don't spare- themselves, I tell yez, Jack. The Vic. is closed, and Joe Billin is on the restin' list. But the. hall opens on- 15th Avith Clark's neAV croAvd Avho are expected 'ere on Tuesday. ' The WaxAVorks have got a big novelty, in Jun- Gun, the West Australian aboriginal. There are other things in the sIioav Avhich is draAA'ing Avell. Payne is pullin' in the pieces with them there fire- Avorks and spectacle. : That's just about all. And 'ere's my car. Bon soir ! - O » — - — — 