r.u:, v. : -.-Vtoveuek tSK! WANTED HUSBAND ; \- : ,.i Mon, - . Lady Clietnynd's Spectre. ? . ? - r,V*d J'c. i. ? ?: ti-)i ? ? | . J'-U'K'BT jttfSr HABBIKT tiEWifl, Sl'' -J A POOB HAYBN OV BBFDOB. jjermpo.naa no clearly cleaned .plans on leavirig-th6.-hotoI. She knew no one in London,.' .She knew nothing and suspected — no th'lng .'of, the wickedness that lurks on cfrery'stdo1 In 'tho great metropolis. She bad money, and in her simplicity she imagined' that 'slio'-'would easily find a home in that' great wilderness of bouses. ? ? ' . :But. how to find the desired home she did'-not yot know. She joined the tide of shop girls, and walked on toward Begent Circus in the gray chill of tbe early morn ing. 1 . . i She wandered on, hour alter hour, bearing hcty'ravblling-bag.,No one seemed to notice her, Tim low people whom she met appeared absorbed in their, own affairs, and bestowed Scnreely a passing glance upon the veiled and slender young figure that trudged so wearily onward.- ' ?' It is time that I found- lodgings,' thought Bcrnioe, with a horrible sense of her loneli nets creeping upon her. 'I must procure tUpm Immediately. It. would be terrible to have' tho day wear on and the night come; and find me shelterless,' ' But the. 'task was not. so easy as it. / seemed;' ' ' 1 ?'* ? JThiefce!Wisre placards in plenty in windows signifying that tlio houses to which they per timed were to bo lot. And there werelittle yellow, bills and pieces of white paper in other' 'windows, 'with' the legend;' ' Apart ments to Let,' but the houses were for the most part'dfngytand cheerless, of the cheaper grade oHodging. houses, andBernlbe recoiled] from the; frowsy heads, at the winddws, tbei . broken panes of gloss, and the.Blipsbod maids | on.the.stepB..'', . . * - :i . ,? U r.Slie. turned from one street Into another,: growing more tired and j leu fastidious at everjj step... ,- ? , * At noon, nearly exhausie'd.sbe went Into .?W&fe-; : n;pastry'-'p'ook's shop and 'asked. for a cup it' irWis'oi » r9:l^ —These 'were? supplied Her vK^'i'V.vii ^ a W she.was given Xchair, but such demaoils SBi^p^vligtlwt'Qitttw'dt' Kentish Town^ were ju£\ -iP 0^ inijmewijrf, ;;and - h tendaht. ? :? if'.. On paying her small bill at thu counter. sho inquired if lodgings were to lie obtained in the nqlghborhood, adding tbat she .was 2 : strauger in London and oouldi not ' give re ; ferences. ,il. 1» ».v;.r -;-t ?' ? i' -? There ,ate lodgings to be had in . tbe \ neighborhood, MfBt— plenty.on.'em,'! replied thesbopkeeper ; hut references are gener r.cj}HM.'-Spme lodging-house, keepers umj' bo filling to take pay , in, advance - in-' BfS8da iw y?u.n8 guyike you; ough't npt to beibuijting., lodgings' ;by herself. Thera'i dangers and perils lurking on every side' for a beautiful yc^ung creature like you, 'and she lBBtud ^Ith^o'ompa^l.on'ate interest at the, by'dark.lsor r2fyfilrey^s. ,;!!Wl-y,. you are'*; real lady,! . JII||.^h*P\\.«»«|j;.' S^gbt'^to -.have frierids; 'WeVds1are dead,' satd Bernice, hsr Ii|.s quivering. ' My father was a riilhliter ol tlie Scottish .Kirk.. Iam alono In the world, madam, and am come hero to, e«n- my own living; ,! want to get lodgings while . . 1 seek a sltiiatlbn as governess.'' ' ' ' ' ''' The shopkeeper meditated. She was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. aiiej8aw,,tngt JUernlco wrb a stranger to: Lop iluii ways, thatsbe sbemed. like a pupil fresh fmm a convent or place . of .equal seclusion, and she tremUlRd.ot.the pitfalls^.that lay.be (oie ono eo innocent, bo unsuspecting, and V'r ; 'I « ? ' ? ?'?' ' : . ' 'J i^elieyi'in' jou, iJfisB,' the woman, said, ?; abrilptly,'af(e!:i' long, searphing scrutiny of th'S'Toveiy,' |half.sliaded' fi^ce.' 'J'lp noi' a iiJMHri WBlly tAk'dn ih. a's people will tell youi but'IlBell6ve ih'yourarid I'll tell you bt'a'rs . spcctable lodging- house where' ^roti'may get u rooul. .'.H'ii .arbund tho corner in Victoria Rfiadu , It's kept.by a vory good customer of ? :r luino, a' woman;tbat's madu a pretty, penny. she's a .little queer, Miss, but her lodgers are all Respectable, i.and the.houie is that neat ynu rulght eat off the kitchen floors The. wom*n'i( nam; is^Irs. Hbarp, which. sharp is nlsii .be'r,nat,ure. . If -ou; pay;ih:a'dvancean^ tell. her 'I sent you,whicU my name is.Oib-. ^Wt^K9°j'i,Volll uo.wyjl by ydu^as'long: ?«.wy;lv.u!; ' I And y w c^,^' «a«ot , strantren to do foryou ho Ionger, you.kiiqwj '&erntce; assented, and obtained the address nf'M^s; Sharp; arid then, thanking the shop kee|ier,'iet 'out in searoh of Mrs, Sbaro's ' ii5di{|ng.ho\irfd.'' ! ? 'i ? ' ' ' Turning* 'the adjacent oorner, Bernice fiyin^ r herself . in : .Victoria Boad. a dingy »(reet lined w^h row^i of dull brick houses ?lire,, as .elsewhere, were plenty of apart lUBUis . fO 'let, 'bijt. young Xady Ohetwyn'd' pn ii'sii on to number' forty-two.Mrs. Sharp's. ruiJenco. It' was a corner' house of the row-; landipreBented a brighter and cleaner appearance tban-- Its neighbors. The stone sirps ' were' .very clean, the windows were al I -- spotless, and .the brass knocker, was polished liko gold. Bernice sounded the knocked twice or thrice heavily, - ? ' : ? '? \\-Adcrvant-maidaclmittod .her into avery I1U11UUW. iunu, uiiu uvtuiuo Blflieu IOK un, Sliaip The maid UBbered Lady Ohetwynd t into a small pirlor, and harried away to Her I' mistress. V Bernice's gup wandered about tbe room, 1 Its aspect was chill, cold, barren and prim ana the vsry Nsence of respeotabillty per ▼ailed It. _. A heavy step was heard in tbe narrow, olKlothed hall, and Mrs. Sharp entered tue presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously, stat ing the object of her call. Mrs. Sharp listened till Bernice completed her statement, and then coldly said : 'So 'Mrs. Gibbons sent you to me, and vpu have no references ? I pride myself. Miss, upon the respectability of my house, and - 1- shouldn't feel justified in taking In a young person without references.' ' But I am a stranger in London,' said Bemloe, with gentle Bweetness and a shadow of pleading in her fresh young voice. ' I am .very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My father was a minister of tbe kirk. He has recently died. I must earn my own living as a governess, and it will be of advantage to me to give as my address a very respect able 'lodging-house. I will pay you In ad *ance,M 'I prefer gentlemen,'1 said itrs. Sharp, showing signs of relenting. 11 They can get their meals, all but breakfast, out,' 'I am willing to get my own meals, madam,' ' 'If yon can wait on ycnrself and cook }our own moals— not In my kltoben, though —and 'can pay in' advance, and have no Company, and live quiet, and are hot out evenings, why, then,': said Mrs. Bbarp, ' I don't know but I'd consent' to take , you In. But one thing must bo understood : When your money to cone you must go away quietly, without a. word. Is that a bar gain?' ; 'yes,' said Bernice, 'I agree to all this,' V' Then you can come this evening. There ts'a grate in your room, and you can buy a Spirit lamp to make your coffee oc. You can get meat roasted at the pastry- cook's. Will yau look at your rooti ?' . ' If you please, madam. I— I should like to stay now, 'said Bernico, bravejy, although her cheeks flushed. ' ' Indeed I' exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspiol ouply. ' Where is your luggage t' ; ( ' All I have is in this bag, 'answered Ber &t;|c. ' I am poor, madam—' /.'Hum? I ihould think so. My room I: sixteen shillings a week in adtance, and no aoney no room, that's my motto, tfow If yn want to see tho toorii come up.' raernice assented, ahd Mrs. Sharp led her nfjthree narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and usherod her into tho front room, Wjiich contained 'few, it any, comforts be yquhd the. barest hecessaries of existence. Bit bare as was tbo room, Bernice looked uton it as a very havon of refuge. |';It is all In order,' she observed. ' Why may I not remain hero now I Here Is the flis.t week's rent.' Bhe produced her pocket-book and took irom u a sovereign. Airs, aunrp baw that muu money remained in the purse, and con sented to allow her lodger to remain, I don't know whero to git a spirit lamp,' said Bernico, hesitatingly. ' I — I peVer went into a shop alono. Would you not kindly send a servant upon a few errands forme, madam? I am willing to pay for the faviw.' '..I don't want any pay for allowing the maw to go, but if you choose to pay her,' thafs your affair and hers, I will seed ber npto you,' said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted grriousness, and the lodglng-hou9o keeper retred, soon Bending up her house-maid. 'his young woman had an honest, treat wd\by face, and Bernice liked her. Sho conulted with her In regard to her wants, aid gave her a sovereign to expand for her tnxaterlals for housekeeping. Tho youug wanan departed, and was absent an hour, bir finally. returned with her arms full. She wn followed' by a small boy, wno carried a baatst, full of atores. The house maid empied ths basket and dismissed tbo boy. , '^va got everything you mentioned, Mir,' she observed, ''and some things you did dot speak of. There's the Times as you wa4so particular to have. I did not buy it ; I bred it till evening. It's been hired out all Ihe morning, and was just brought baek. He&'s faggots for the fire, and chill it is, and X'Jl kindle aJittle blase — you look so cold andtircd. I've.ordered in a bushel of coalB, to .pl.t: into your closet yonder. Ami btre is brew/ and a bold roasted fowl, and a tea kettle 'and a spirit lamp. And here's nine ?hillings left.',': v , . ; . Bernice bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the; servant,) who .hastened to make up a ?Wight fire, and. to wbeel up a big chair be-: fore.itj and to All tho tea-kettle and set It on the hob. Bernice took, possession of tbe {blgjobstr, and resil over the columns of jWantslnthe ' She bad imagined that Aslirttlon^aa governess would .be readily 'ioa i5 tewii oadl » enUem e nt.ln ttie' ;pspfr thatseemed lntended for her. :.V.f'll'a-!vertiss,myself,7she thought, ,sud. idenljr,; ihe idea striking her, as she believed, ;liko. an inspiration. ' I will -write out an: honest advertisement, saylhg.wbat I can do. {Surely, among All the' millions of .English: .people, someone .will want me.' ' . Sjia brooded over the idea while, the hbuip-maid made hsr tea and placed the few ;edlb)e| pn the bare table. When the girl ; was gone out Beriitoe drank her tea and ate. iher jbread and jam and a portion of cold fovrl, wltli .actual relish, and then wrote with ,tbe(j small , gold penoil, on her chain, upon ;a; piece , of : wrapping paper that bad en veloped the, sugar, a notice that ran as fol lows;: ! ' WAKTEDrr.Bi ,a. young lady without :references, an orphan said. a stranger in Lon donj a bltuation as governew. Understands Kngllsh, Frenoh, and German, musio, draw ing and dancing. Would accept-a very sm^li: salary. . Address Miss G., Timet iofB.ee,'. i It seemed to Bernico that this advertise inent could not fail tosecuro the situation bhe, desired,. and she decided to put it in three/of the morning papers. In the course Of the afternoon she called up the house, maid, I and ; unfolded her plans to her, and the young woman undertook to procure tbe inqpjtjion. of the adrertiuement in tbe newii P' ^bt'n.the' hoiiBamald had retired, young Lkdy,',Ohpt,wynd' counted over the contents pf heir piirs'o with a sigh'. The sum she had thought so large only that morning was flipping through her'flugers with unpleasant rapidity. 1 ; 'I must get somothlng to do before it is ?11 gone,' she thought. ' At any rate, I have found, a, safe aud respectable shelter. I wlll eooupmUft in my. food, and make my tn9npy1go.ee far as may be. There must be. pp.mpre fowls, no meat ; and whatever my, pr}v«tlons apd. poverty, I am not depeudunt ^p»n anjoua.now hut myself.' : I)ay aft«r day. passed, aud no satisfactory response 'came' to Bernice's advertlsemciit. She.'bbnsulted Mrs. Sharp as to bow she, |c6ill-l become a goueruess. ' 'Vou- wlir uaver ba one, Miss— never) You are too young, too ignorant of' the world, too beautiful,. Your life is a mystery. You don't tell who you are nor wheuce you' ;came.-/ It ain't in nature for a young girl like you, who have been., tenderly nurtured and educated like a fine lady, who are a lady to be wandering about so utterly fribml less;' and Mrs, Sharp looked severely upon her young lodger. ' And no one will engago a youug lady .to educato their children who, has no one in the world to speak a word for her, or to aay that she Is a respectable voung woman. People don't trust their children to any and . everybody without making In iquirles. I advise you not to waste any ,more mosey in advertising.' i 'Is, there anything I car do without being called upon' for references?'. I -'Are.you a skilful milliner?: Can you, linake.dressbs! j Have you anytrado? Do jron uhderstaDd any, kind, of liand.work.1., No? . Then your chance is a slim one. A genteel, fine lady without a trade, and without monny, and without friends is a helpfeis.objiot; indeed. I'm euro I don't know what ii to .become of yon. Youcan'l \- ? ':VV ?. .. . ?. .expcctmeto keep you no longer than your money lasts.' ' Certain] v not.' 1 'I work hard for my money,' pursued Mrs, Sharp, in an aggrioved Voioe, ' and I won't pay for a roof to (holter them as is too fine to work. That's what I won't.' There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that tho woman did cot intond to loso. money by her, but she did not resent Mrs, Bbarp's manner. To tbo contrary, she spoko in a subdued, sorrowful voice, as she answered : 'I want work, madam, and I am willing and anxious to work, Con I not learn a trade? Oao.I not learn to make bonnets or dresses?' 'Who. is to apprentice you and pay tho necessary premium ? I don't eeo anything, before you but to become ? maidofall work | and what lady would . want a finer lady in hor kitchen than beuclf ? I advise you to write to your friends, and have thm take you away, xour money '11 soon bo gone, and then will come the alms.bouse— or a return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think ovor what I've said, and when your funds get low you can decide wbat yon can do.' ' I would liko to pay for my lodgings a month in advanoe,' said Bernice, her, face very white, and a brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes, 'I would like to make sure of ? shelter as long as possible.' ' She pah? the necessary amount, and Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing ma terials being upon tbe table. The landlady withdrew, and Bernico was left to herself. And now began for young Lady Ohetwynd a struggle for existence, such as is endured by many a high-bred and educated young woman, and which involved so much of suffering, of ' hope deferred,' and of bitter angcish, that one recoils from recording it. During tho threo weeks of her stay in the houte, Bornice had not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing lliat Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew well this contents of the small paicelg which Bernice now brought in for herself. She knew that her young lodgor was growing palor and thinnorday by daj ; she noticed that the elastic young step be gan to flag, that tbo girl's tread on tbo italr grc4r daily lighter atld slower | sbe saw that tho dusky eyes grew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre, as bright as unnatural. And knowing nnd seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began to fear that her young lodger would fnll Blck iu her house, and sho grew arixlouB for the month to terminate^ that she might Bend Bei nice away. During all this time Bernico bad seen no ono whom she knew. Gilbert Monk bad ob tained no trace of her, although ha had set Mrs. Crowl and Fack to searoh for her throughout .London, where bo was convinced that she still remained. He had gone down to Chetwynd Purlc, aud was waiting and watching fur her there, knowing that sooner or later she would return to the old home and the dear prcsenco that held such fasci nation for her. And thus the month had gone by, and two days only remained to Bernice before sho must become again homeless and shelterless. Sho had but a few shillings iu hor purse. And now camo upon her tbe longing.Qilbert Monk had anticipatsd— to look once more upon Lord Otietwynd's face. ' I may not livu long,' sho thought. ' I must sec him. lie need not— be must net Bee me. I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghoBt us before, If danger of dis covery arises. Gilbert Monk bos long since given over the search for me, and is no doubt in Londou reading law, I must see Boy once more beforo she claims him, I am in no danger ut discovery. I shall be very guarded. But I must learn when tbe mar riage is to lako place. I am dying with my yeaiuiug for Boy— my husband.' She could not withstand that siok longing of her soul. She persuaded herself, that sbe would incur no riik- of discovery. And on the very night befnre her rent, was to expire Bernico packed her travelling bag afresh, and., stole out, of her lodgings Into in the afternoon, unseen by any inmates of the house, and hii|ng. a cab,, proceeded to tbe railway ytatluq. r And soon after dark, olosely veiled, she was seated in a second class railway carrUge on her way to East bourne. Sho alighltk on reaching her des tination, secure^ a fly at the elation, and pursued her journey to Ohetwynd-by.Bea. Here she dismissed jtho vobiole, bidding the driver wait for her At tbo' village inn/ and in the dark, copl, Hayjnight, with' only % few stars gleaming though the. asure dusk, she pursued lier way ou foot ' to Ohetwynd 'Park— her lost home;: J.,. ., ' . . ciUPTEfB XXII. . i , . R*mY~ iETEOTED. . '. i At the . ver.v moment when the wronged voung Lady Ohetwynd stole like ? shadow mto ber husband's bouse at Ohetwynd Park iand crept up to a lonely attio to don ber ; ghostly robes, in which she believed she tnight, steal to ber husband's very sldo, and stlll pass for a spectre or an illusion-rat that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk ,wcre alone together in tho music-room. Miss Monk .bad been playing some bril liant fantasia upon the grand piano, and her ,'jeweHed flugurs. wero still softly pressing the pearl keys, 'evoking disconnected sounds, while hor densely; black, half-open eyes reBted in a longing, absorbing gase Upon the fair face of , the young marquis. : Lord Ohetwynd was yralking, slowly up and down tho lcqgth of tho room, bia arms folded across Ida bronst, a, thoughtful shadow oh his face. Tbo mellow light Altered down through palp tinted globes upon Svlvia Monk's dark East Indian beauty, and Lord Ohetwynd, looking at bor, noticed for the ' first time the palo terror and anxiety in her faco and eyes. What is tte matter, Sylvia?' bo asked, kindly. ' You are looking 111.' 'There is nothing tho matter more than usual, Boy,' said MIbs Monk, ber fipgers still dropping softly on tbe keys. ' I am not qui to well of late, and you have been too absorbled in your memorial sohool and your tennants to notice thu fact,: that is all.' : Lord Ohetwynd looked startlod and anxiouB. A deeper, gravity settled about his delicate mouth under the shadow of his golden moustache, aud upon bis white brows. : ' Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia ?' ho asked, in tones of self-reproach. ' I have buen absorbed in my school, I know, I have never concealed from you that Bernice dead is more to me than any woman living, Bui I love you also, Sylvia,. I appreciate your unselfish devotion to me, your gentle iweet ness, your earnest love. Believe u«, sor rowful and bopeleu as l am, I am nut in sensible to, nor ungrateful for, the great gift of your pure, warm, heart, lu time, per haps,' and bis voles, grew broken, ' la time I may learn to love you as you deserve to ue loved- But, now, Sylvia, bo patient, with me, and let the, mantle of, your love aud charity cover all, my short-coinings,, She whirled around upon the music-stool. Lord Ohetwynd felt for her a sudden pity., He moved toward her under, tbe impulse of that sudden pity, and took ber in bis a7ms. And just then alight, soft step came noise leisly along the .flower- bordored aisles of the great coimervatory, and approach od the door, of tlm munio-ronm whence tbe sound of voices 'fauud. Tho nuw-comer was Bernice, in her BilUcu burial robes. All unconsoloiiB of, tho near proximity of tho young wife wluiBe death ho mourned so dispairingly, Lo:d Chetwynd bent In pitying affection uh re tho false-hearted being who. lmd wrought bim so much of woe, and whom be had promise'd to marry. Ho took Sylvia's head in his bosom, and tin swarthy East Indian face, with its oar nation checks, lay on his breast, and the black eye* Kxwj love at him. And just then ths sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a touob, and Bcrnice looked in upon them. . . Neither saw -her. Ohetwynd was gazing down into tbe black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all but lilm and her love for bim. Poor Bernice stood transfixed. Ah, indeed, sbe thought, her place was filled. The car rcssi-s that bad thrilled her lovingsoul were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at ; tbe pair wildly, and a low, smothered cry i burst from ber white lips. .. Ohetwynd beard tho faint sound, and turned and beheld her. For a moment no stood transfixed. Then, with a wild cry, be dropped Bylvia from bis hold, as it she had been lome inanimate thing, and bounded toward this seeming spectre. Bernico flew on before him like a vision. Miss Monk caught a glimpse of the white robe, tho whiter face, framed in masses of floating, dusky hair, and witb a shriek came rushing into the conservatory. Bernice flew on down the -long flowery aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. Sbe was light and fleet. Sho sped on before Ohetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of another aislo sho tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pnt. Ohetwynd now gained on her. His breath ing sounded hoarsely in her ears. Her panic increased. She could not see. tbe way beforo her. She stumbled again— and now Ohetwynd reached out his band to grasp ber. She was away again like, a flash, but ha bad caught tbo lace frills of her Bhojt elbow sleeves in his hand, and tho yellow film gave way and remained in his clutch, whilo sho flow on and ait at the open door. ' lie was at tbo door the next instant, but tbe seeming spectre had disappeared. There was a faint Btarlight, and he could trace the forms of tbo clumps of trees and shrubbei,/ dotting the lawn, but the Bhining vision was nowhere in Bight. 1 Ho searched tho gardens nnd lawns, the cliffs and liie beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch coveiing tLo garden entianco to the hocso. But there, on tbe deep garden scat, Bernice bad crouched until he had pasned on toward tho cliff*, and then she hurried into the bouso and up the private stair to the attics. Her escapo had not beon made a moment too soon. She had scarcely disappeared When Misa Monk camo rushing out of tbe conservatory, and turned her steps to the porch where tbo young marchioness had been hidden. ' Tho door is ajar,' muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in lier black eyeB. ' Sbe has gone into the house. She evidently in tends to hide. As she docs not intend to reveal herself, I am so far safe.' Sbe closed the door, that Ohetwynd might not be tempted to cuter it on bis return from bis search about tho . grounds, and slowly re-entertd the conservatory. ' I shall pretend that I did not see bor, ' she thought, halting in the doorway and looking out into the dim, fragrant night. ' It is best to treut her appearance as Ohet wynd's illusion. Sho is in the house. Gil bert must not know of her preBcnoa here, and I must warn IUgee at once. My old ayah may find means to remove hor forever from my path this very night.' Miss Munk returned to the muBlc-room, and thence proceoded to her own apart ments. She fuund the East Indian woman crouching before bor boudoir Qr«. Sbe told her briefly what bad occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and silence. 'Leave .lt all to mc, Missy, 'said the Hin doo. ' My lady shall not trouble you after to-night. I think tbe is gone up to tbe attics to obange ber gown. 1 will go''and search tor ber. Go. back to my lord, with an easy heart, Missy. After to-night no ghost shall baunt Ohetwynd Park.' / .The old woman spoko with a subtle men ace which ber mistress tulljy understood. The Hindoo went Into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet,, extracting several nrtioles from thu sccijet drawer with in, Then, with the faco of alsiuiltng demon, ?be concealed the articles in | ber bosom, and stole away out of tho r!oom, and crept stealthily up to tbe attics. I Miss Monk paused to tak'e a sip . of her soothing. draught, and aet out on her roturn to the music-room. j, : In the hall, just.. outside, the door, she encountered her brother, wljjo was in dressing gown and slippers, ahd appealed just aroused from slumber.. ?. V ' What's the ; row Sylvi^l' he asked, ' What . don. ?-'! th1« stairs mean? What on eipj'*^as hap pened ?' ?. : ' ? I,', 14 Nothing 1 nothing I'' «rtedi Miss Monk, w'uu ah eagerness that arousad bis suspt-' cionsthat something was wron'g- 'I came up to my room for a piece ' of TmusIc. Go' back to bed, Gilbert! I must return to the marquis, who ia. waiting for me. V' She moved away, ah she.spoktV and has tened to descend the stairs, ilottk caressed .his beard while ho lookod thobghtifully after ,her. She said sho liad come np to! her room for a piece of music, but her hinda were empty, Mr, Monk, being very astute upon occasion, whistled softly and /went back to his room, drew on his coat lino/ boots, and also hurried down to the tnugl^-i-oom. His sister was In the ruonjf alone, and greeted his appearance wi(b a black frown. ' ( ' Do go back, Gilbert I' sho exclalmod, ' Boy ahd I aro having a private Interview, Ho will not like this interruption. Go, or ;you will regret it.' 'Hum I' said Mr, Monk, flinging himself Into a chair, 'Ishnll regret lit if I- do go, noduutt, I know you, my amiable sister, audi choose toromaiu here until your lover comes. Some game is afoot — Ha I what's that?' Thero was a sound of hurried footsteps in tbe conservatory, and Lord Ohetwynd rushed into tbo music-room, pale, wild and disor dered. Monk leaned to his feet in amaze ment. The matquit looked passt bim with a wandering gaze. j ' Has aha been back I' demanded Ohet wynd. ' I have miaecd ber.' ?' Who 1' cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, in a breath, the former palo, the latter eager. . ' Bernice— my wife 1 Did sho , come back this way?' repeated Ohetwynd. .'My (Jod I Have I lost ber again ?' 'Ah, has tbo spoctre appeared to you again, my lord?' questioned Monk, his face flaming. ' Has tho ghost been here?' ' Yes. Bernico came and looked In upon us; as Sylvia and I stood yonder. She sighed, or moaued, and tbo sound went to my soul. 1 saw ber face, and it was . pale and sorrowful, yrt glurious In Its beauty, and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also— ' ' No, no— I saw no ghost l'[ Chetwynd 1 turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. ' Surely , you . saw hor,' Monk declared, 'You , looked toward; her—vou did see And I sav I dW&pf-; I^mV.IVq spcotre whatever- Do you think,: my loxt\\*£»t we are nil victims of your peculiar 0 A.ef j tell. you again I did sot see tho apart |»n| or Illusion, or whatever It might bo -^1^, I swear I dld.notsco it.' ' Ami you looked, toward' yonder iU. Sylvia?' \ ''j dl't. I looked straight nt yonder aooiN way,' affirmed tho swarthy beauty. 'Ilad anything been there, even a shadow, I must havo seen it. But tbcro 'was notblug there.' ' My lord,' said Mouk, calming himself I by a strong effort and speaking soothingly, ' you decelvo yourself. Sylvia did not see her, And had thcro been a woman Sylvia must liavo seen her. Xou havo experienced a recurrence of your singular eptlcal illu sion,1' ' I will not hear that word again, Monk,' said his lordship, rxcitcdly, his face flush ing. ''Illusion I' Why, iho ran alonp the conservatory, and I heard her light footfalla. Sho tripped ipoa a flower-pot left in tho fatb. 1 was as near to her as I am to you, reached out my arm to grasp her— and I caught this I' He uncloscj his clenched band and dis played n fragment of point lacc, yellow and | wrinkled and stajned, with jagged edges, jest as he bad torn IV from Bernice's ileeva. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared ap palled. Here was cvidenco such as they bad not counted on that tbe spectral visitor was 'a living woman. Both stood dumb, hot know ing what to say. Chetwynd laid the scrap of lace flat upon bis hand. ' The mystery deepens,' be said, hoarsely. I'But that I myself saw my wife die, but that I myself apw her buried, I should say that sho lives and has been here to night. Look at this lace. It wason her burial roba — tbe robe she wore on ber first evening in this house, 8bo bad tbo gown, made in London. I remember her innocent delight at the pattern of this .lace,. There wero branching palms done In fllm, as ono might say. And hero is tbe palm nearly perfcct. If my visitor were a ghost, would she wear tangible lacc ? And whoever sbo Is, bow came she with this laao which 1 remember so well?' ' Chetwynd, said fconk, slowly, ' I think that you are the prey of some designing woman who presumes on her resemblance to Bernice, Calm yourself. Look at the matter dispassionately, if you can. Bernico Is dead, bo your visitor cannot bo ebe. If it is not a Bpcctrc, then it must be, as I said, Somo designing woman.' ' But the face was pure and noble — ' 'That proves nothing. The face might even have been a miss. Let ua resume your jearch, but very quietly, bo that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. You search the park, and I will searoh tbo cliffs and beach. S.iall it be so?' The marquis assented and thrust tho lace in Lis pocket, and wentout with a perplexid and troubli d faco. Tho mystery had Indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of; chaos, lie hurried out toward the park, into, whose dark rc&isci; he plunged and dis appeared. Monk did not linger to.speak to his sister. He, too, hurried out of tbe huuse, but be did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, he went t'j the garden t-«trance nnd stole into tbe house, and made bis way up to tbe attics, as Bagee hal done before bim. ' I'll find her up here,' he thought. ' She has como up to cbauge ber gown. I have been mighty near tu ruin to-night. Once I get possession of her again, I'll bold her fast, so that she shall not eicape me.' Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic in a vain and rambling search far Bornice. After a few minutes thus spent, ho became con scious that soineune was moving In tbo rooms in advance of him. Ho leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was fleeing before him, Bnd ho hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly aad almost noiselessly, having amoved his boots at the outsot. He gained upon the stealthy person in, advoacc, and soon became aware of the' fact that she had halted, and was hiding somewhere in tho stillness and darkness. He moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in tbe darkness. He orept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darl.er room. Listening, ho was sure that be heard suppressed breath ing In that iuner room, i 'I have her now 1' he said himself, exultantly. ' She Bhall not escapo meagu.u. My glovo of velvet shall conceal*fe hnaii of iron. Now, ray lady, I have you like a.bird in a cave. Thero is no outlet. to yonder room 1 fancy, b&vo; through this. You are caught at last I' He hastened iu his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed into tho deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon bim, and a pair, of long, supple hands stole about bis neck, as seeking to strahgle'him. ' Ha I I bave you now j' hissed a voice which he recognised ns that of tbe East In dian woman. 'This timo, girl, you die I' The long Angers twisted themselves Ji^e makes around his neck, and the old woman clung to lilm like a horrible Inoubns. But suddenly ber flngcrt came in contact with ' bis beard, Tbe, shook at a great surprise unnerved btr fingets. The Thug-like hold on'fllta'riiaxcU ; ahU npw'ilbhlt selzed'hls assallnnt and flung ber. from bim like come venomous reptile,' hurling, her to the floor, as he cried out : ' You accursed bag I You here ?' 'You hear,. Mr, Gilbert?' said the old Hindoo, in a choked voice, gathering herself up, and scowling at him through the dark ness. ' ? 'Curse you I* said Monk, angrily. 'I ought to kill you, you Infamous Thug I' The old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongue. *? Get out of this I' said Monk, Authorita tively. 'If you make another nsoveaga'.r.st Lady Chetwynd I'll have you sent away from Chetwynd Park. You tried to murder ber ladyship at tbe skaters' chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting me ; do you understand ? I know you, root and branch. I overheard that little interview of youn.wlth Sylvia some tixtoen months ncn, and I know all your schemes. I permitted the mock denth and tbe mock funeral for reasons of my own. I bave bad chargo of my lady ever since. I am working out Bchamesof my own, but thi y will not in terfere with those of Sylvia. My sister shall be L»dy of Ohetwynd. I am only trying to make a little money. Are you content now ?' The old woman snarled In dissatisfaction. Sbe dH not believe. Monk'e protestations. Hor determination that llernice should die gathered new strength. But alio realised, ns did Monk, that tbey wero wasting time in, talking which should be devoted to. pursuit. Therefore Bhe Bald, with a hypocritical whine, whieb did not In the least, deceive her opponent: ' if you say Ib's all right, Mr. Gilbert, I suppose It Is, and I'll go downstairs.' With' this she abruptly darted past him Into the larger attic and glided . into the corridor beyond. 'She has . resumed lier search,' muttered Monk. ' It's to be n race between us which shall find Bernico first. Li-Bt some devilish instinct should guide, old Itagec, whom the fiend) protect, I think I'll follow lier. We are sure soon to find Bernice. And I will look In the upper garr.t to which Bcrnice sent me before.' He hurried out, but the Hindoo bad dis appeared, ue sought for ber, but lie could not find her. Ho tramped from roum to room, but sbe eluded him. He vititcd tlie little.garret in which Bernice bad befuiu hidden, but tho youthful ; marchiojicss was not there, and there was no token of her recent pnsfencc. Ue searched for hours, until he was fatigued and wrathful, lind persuaded that be bad been couipletuly bafiled. Then he wont down sullenly to his own room,. He had Bcorcely composed bis features to even a semblance of their ordinary calm, when a khock was heard upon ids door, and in obedicncu to his rummons Lord Chetwynd entered tho room. \ Tho young marquis still wore a pale, disr ?lrderca cnuntvimuee. Ilis bjue eyeB woru -irnlng. Ilis golden hair was tossed back 'in bin bronzed brows in Btiange dishovel honf* ' looked still excited, anxious and {j.Jjt?xed; yet determined to Bolve the '?I'v? that encompassed him. ?aid his')ecn t0 Jour room twice, Gilbert,' not In. ' 'Wlablp, abruptly, » and you were ?eareh?'-4*°y0UiU8t tP.tu'hed from yowr it mntintieet.) , ?--v 