The Kiss of Welcome. T BY REV. DB. TALMAGE. " When he was yot a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neok, and kissed him."-LUKE XV., 20. One of the deepest wells that inspiration evei opened is this well of a parable which we cac never exhaust. The parable, I suppose, waE founded on facts. It describes to you the going away of this prodigal eon from his father's house, and what a hard time he had down in the wildernes, and what a very great mistake it was for him to leave so beautiful a homo for such a miserable desert. But he did not always stay in tho wilderness ; he came back after a while. "We do not read that his mother carno to greet him. I suppose she was dead. She would havo been the first to come out. The father would have given the second kiss to the returning i>rodigal; the mother the first. It may have boon for tho lack of her example and prayers that he became a prodigal. Sometimes the father does not know how to manage the children of the household. The chief work comes upon the mother. Indeed, no one ever gets over tho calamity of losing a mother in early life. Still, this young man was not ungreeted when he came back. However well apparelled we may be in the morning when we start out on a journey, before night, what with the dust and the jostling, we havo lost all cleanliness of appearance. But this prodigal, when he started from this awine- trough, was RAGGED AND WRETCHED, and his appearance, after he had gone through days of journeying and exposure, you can more easily imagine than describe. As the people see this prodigal coming on home ward, they wonder who he is. They say : "I wonder what prison he has broken out of. I wonder what lazaretto he has escaped from. I wonder with what plague he will smite the air." Although well acquainted with the family, yet they do not imagino that this is the very young man who went off only a little while ago with quick step, ruddy cheek, beaYitiful apparel. The young man, I think, walks very fast. Ho looks as though he wore intent upon some thing vary important. The people stop. They look at him. They wonder where he came from. They wonder where he is going to. You have heard of a son who went off to sea and never returned. All the people in the neigh borhood thought tho son would never return, but the parents came to no such conclusion. They would go by the hour, and day, and sit up on tho beach, looking off upon the water, ex pecting to see the sail that would bring home the long-absent boy. And so I think this father of my text sat under the vine looking out to ward the road on which his son had departed ; but the father has changed very much since we saw him last. His hair has become white, his cheeks are furrowed, Iiis heart is broken. What is all his bountiful table to him when his son may be lacking bread ? What is all the splendor of the wardrobe of that homestead when the son may not have a decent coat ? What arc all the sheep on that hillside to that father when his pet lamb is gone ? Still ho sits and watches, looking out on the road, and one day he beholds a foot traveller. He sees him rise above the hill; first the head and after awhile the entire body ; and as soon as he gets a fair glance of him he knows it is his recreant son. He forgets the crutch, and the cane, and the stiffness of the joints, and bounds away. I think the people all around were amazed. They said : " It is only a footpad. It is only some old tramp of the road. Don't go out to meet him." THE FATHER KNEW BETTER. The change in theron's appearance could not hide the marks by which the father knew the boy. You know that persons of a great deal of independence of character are apt to indicate it in their walk. For that reason the sailor almost always has a peculiar step, not only because he stands much on shipboard amid the rocking of the sea, and he has to balance himself, but he has for the most part an independent character, which would show in his gait, even if he never went on the sea ; and we know from what trans pired afterward, and from what trans I pired before, that this prodigal son wag of an ' independent and frank nature ; and I suppose that the characteristics of his mind and heart were the characteristics of his walk. And so the father knew him. He puts out his withered arms toward him ; he brings his wrinkled face against the pale cheek of his son ; he kisses the wan Ups ; he thanks God that the long agony is over. "When he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck and kissed him." . Oh, do you not recognise that Father ? Who was it? rr is GOD«. I have no sympathy with that cast-iron theology which'represents God as hard, Bevere, and vindic tive. God is a Father-kind, loving, lenient, gentle, long- suffering, patient, and He flies to our immortal rescue. Oh, that we might realise it. A wealthy lady in one of the Eastern countries was going off for some time, and she asked her daughters for some memento to carry with her. One of the daughters brought a marble tablet, beautifully inscribed; and another daughter brought a beautiful wreath of flowers. The third J daughter came and said: "Mother, I broug neither flowers nor tablet, but here is my heart, have inscribed it all over with your name, a wherever you go, it will go with yon." The mott: recognised it as the best of all the memento Oh, that our souls might go out toward c Father-that our heartB might be written over with the evidences of His loving kindne and that we might never again forsake Him. I notice in this text-1. The Father's Eyesigl 2\. The Father's Haste j and 3. The JFathe Kiss. I.-THE FATHER'S EYESIGHT. " When he was a great way off his father SJ him." You have noticed how old people son times put a book off on the other side of the ligl They can see at a distance a great deal easi than they can close by. I do not know whetb this father could see well that which was near t but r do know he could see a great way c " His father saw him." Perhaps he had be looking for the return of that boy especially th day.-1 do not know but that he had been in pray« and that God had told him that that day i. recreant boy would come home. " The fath saw him a great way off." I wonder if God's eyesight can descry us whi we aro coming back to Him ? The text pictur our condition. We are a great way off. Th young man was not farther off from his fathei house, sin is not farther off from holiness, hell not farther off from heaven, than we have be< by our eins away off from our God ; ay so far off that we could not hear His voie though vehemently, He has called us year aft year. I do not know what bad habits you mi have formed, or in what evil places you ha1 been, or what false notions you may have ente tain'ed ; but if your heart has not been chang« by the grace of God, you are a great way off-; far that you cannot get back of yourselves. Y< would like to come back. This moment you wou start, if it were not for this sin/and that habi and this disadvantage. Sut I am to tell you the Father's eyesight. "He saw him a gréi way off." >. HE HAS SEEN ALL your frailties, your struggles, you disadvantage He has been longing for your coming. He hi not been looking at you with a critic's eye or, bailiff's eye, but with a Fathers eye ; and if parent ever pitied a child, God pities you. Yo say : " Oh, I had so many evil surrounding when I started life." Your Father sees it. Ye say : " I have so many bad surroundings now it is very difficult for me to break away froi evil associations." Your Father sees it, and : you should Btart heavenward-as I pray yo may-your Father would not sit idly down an allow you to struggle on up toward Him. Ol no ! Seeing you a great way off, He would fly t the rescue. How long does it take a father t leap into the middle of the highway if his chil be there, and a swift vehicle is coming that ma destroy him ? Five hundred times longer than i takes our heavenly Father to spring to th deliverance of a lost child. "When he was great way off his Father saw him." This bring me to notice II.-THE FATHER'S HASTE. The Bible says he ran. No wonder! H did not know but that the young man woul change his mind and go back. He did not knoi but that he would drop down from exhaustiot He did not know but that something fats might overtake him before he got up t the doórsill ; and so the father ran. Th Bible, for the most part, speaks of God as walk ing. " In tho fourth watch of the night," i I says, "Jesus came unto them walking on th sea." " He walketh upon the wings of the wiud.' ; Our first parents heard the voice of the Lord , walking in tho garden in the cool of the day ; bu I when the sinner starts for God, the Father run to meet him. Oil ! if a man ever wants help, it i when he tries to become a Christian. The worh I says to him : " Back with you. Havo more spirit ? Don't be hampered with religion. Timo enougl yet. Wait until you yet sick. Wait until yoi get old. Satan says : " Back with you ; yoi are so bad that God will have nothing to d< with you j" or, "you are good onough, ant need no Redeemer. Take thine ease, eat, drink and be merry." Ten thousand voices say " Back with you. God is a hard master. Th« Church is a collection of hypocrites. Back inte your sins ; back to your evil indulgences ; bael to your prayerless pillow. * The silliest thing thal a young man ever does is to come home after h( has been wandering." Oh, how much help a mar does want when he tries to become a Christian ! Indeed, the prodigal cannot find his way homo tc his father's house alone. Unless some one comes to meet him, he had better have stayed by the swine-troughs. When the tide comes in, you might more easily with your broom sweep back the surges than you could drive back the ocean of your unforgiven transgressions. What aro we to do ? Are we to fight the battle alone, and trudge on with no one to aid us. and no rock to shelter us, and no word of encouragement to cheer us ? Glory be to God, we have in the text the announcement : "When he was yet a great way off, his father ran." When the sinner starts for God, GOD STARTS FOR THE SINNER. God does not como out with a slow and hesitat ing pace. The infinite spaces slip beneath His feet, and He takes worlds at a bound. "The father ran." Oh,, wonderful meeting, when God and the soul come together. " The father ran." You start for God and God starts for you, and you meet ; and, while tho angels rejoice over the meeting, your long injured Father falls upon your neck with attestations of compassion and pardon. Your poor, wandering, sinful, polluted soul, and the loving, the eternal Father, have met. Again, I remark III.-THE FATHER'S KISS. "He fell on his neck," my text says, "and kissed him." It is not every father that-would have done that way. Some would-have scolded him, and Baid : "Hère, you went, off with beau tiful clothes, but now you are all in tatters. You went off healthy, and .come back sick and wasted,, with your disseipatíons." He did not say that. Tho son, all haggard, and ragged, and filthy, and wretched, stood before his father. The father charged him with none of his wanderings. Ile juajj re ceived him. He juBt kissed him. Hia wretched« ness was a recommendation to that father's love. Oh, that father's kiss! How shall I describe the' love of God?-the ardor with which He receives a sinner backagain? Give me-a plummet with which, I may." fat ú om this sea. Gi ve. me . a ladder with which I can scale thiB height. Give me words with which I can describe this love. The apostle says in one place, "unsearchable;" ia another, "past finding out." Height overtopping all height; depth plunging beneath all depth* breadth compassing all immensity. Oh, this Father's kißs ! There is so much meaning and compassion in it; so much pardon in.it; so much of Heaven in it. I proclaim Him the Lord God, merciful, gracious, and long-suffer ing, abundant in goodness and truth. Lest you would not believe Him, He goes up Golgotha, and while the rocks are rending, and the graves are opening, and the mobs are howling, and the sun is hiding, HE DIES FOR YOU. See Him ! See Him on the Mount of Cruci fixion, the Bweat on His brow tinged with the blood exuding from His lacerated temples ! See His eyes swimming in death ! Hear the loud breathing of tho Sufferer as He pants with a world on His heart! Hark to the fall of the blood from brow, and hand, and foot, on the rocks be neath-drop ! drop ! drop* ! Look at the nails. How wide the wounds are. Wider do they gape as His body comes down upon them. Oh ! thia crucifixion agony ! Tears molting into tears, Hood flowing into blood. Darkness dropping on darkness. Hands of men joined with hands of devils to tear apart the quivering heart of the Son of God! ^ Oh ! Will he never speak again ? Will that crimson face never light up again ? He will speak again ; while the blood is suffusing His brow, and reddening His cheek, and gathering on nostril and lip,. and you . think He is ex hausted and cannot speak, He cries out until all the ages hear Him "FATHER, FORGIVE THEM", they know not what they do !" Is there no emphasis in such a scene as that to make your dry eyes weep, and your hard heart break ? Will you turn your back upon it, and say by your actions what tho Jews said by their words : " Hia blood be on us, and on our children ?" What does it all mean, my brother, my Bister ? Why, it means that for our lost race there waB a Father's kiss. Love brought Him down. Love opened.the gate. Love led to the sacrifice. Love shattered the grave. Love, lifted Him up in resurrection. Sovereign love ! Omnipotent love I Infinite love ! Bleeding love1 Everlasting love J Oh, for this love let rocks and hills Their lasting silence break ; And all harmonious human tongues Tho Saviour's pruises speak. Now, will you accept that Father's kiss? The Holy Spirit comes to you with his arousing, melting, alarming, inviting, vivifying influence. Hearer, what creates in thee that unrest?. It is the Holy Ghost. What influence now tells thee that it is time to fly, that to-morrow may be too late ; that there is one door, one road, one cross, one sacrifice, one Jesus ? It is tho Holy Ghost. My most urgent word is to those who, like tho young man of my text, are a gi eat way off, and they will start for home, and they will get home. They will yet preach tho Gospel, and on com munion days carry around tho consecrated bread, acceptable to everybody, because of their holy life, and their consocratod behavior. The Lord is going to save you. Your home has got to be rebuilt. Your physical health has got to bo restored. Your worldly business has got to be reconstructed. Tho Church of God is going to rejoice over your discipleship. You aro not Gospel hardened. You have not heard or read many sermons during tho last few years. You do not weep, but the shower is not far off. You . sigh, and you have noticed that there is always a sigh in the wind before the rain falls. There are those who would givo anything if they could find relief in tears. They say : "OH, MY WASTED LIFE! Oh, the bitter past ! Oh, the graves over which I have stumbled! Whither shall I fly? Alas for the future ! Everything is dark-so dark, so dark. God help me ! God pity me !" Thank the Lord for the last utterance. You have be gun to pray, and when a man begins to petition, that sets all Heaven flying this way, and God steps in, and boats back tho hounds of temptation to their kennel, and around about the poor wounded soul puts tho covert of his pardoning mercy. Hark ! I hear, something fall. What was that? It is the bars of the fence around the sheepfold. Tho shepherd lots them down, and the hunted sheep of the mountain bound in ; some of them their fleece torn with the brambles, some of them their feet lame with the dogs ; but bounding in. Thank God ! Saved for time, and saved for eternity. 