SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND, i By Cosmopolitan. Liverpool, 6tli November. To-day, tho third of the Liverpool Autumn' Meeting, 1ms been the most miserable within my recollection From tho time racing was due to start until quite late at night wo liad drenching rain. It came in sheets and seemed to gain volume as the afternoon wore on. Tho course was a quagmire, you could not got about without being drenched, unless smothered in waterproofs, and the whole business was most trying. I can not call to mind another occasion in which jockeys turning out for the parade before a big raco appeared in overcoats to ward off the wet as long as possible. All but two of the riders for the Cup wore overcoats, and a queer spectacle they presented. As was somewhat pertinently remarked by a member of the public, who, rain or no rain, wanted to sco all he could for his money, and to know what was what, " If jockeys are to be allowed to cover their silk with coat3 the card ought to give the colors of the coverings as well as the owner's racing banner." Mr. Abington'a Lady Rosebary was well ridden by Sam Loates, who made all the running, except for a few strides. Sam jumped the mare off first after n mo3t tedious delay at the starting post, nod kept her always racingiu the best berth next to the rails. Half a mile from home Lily of Lumlcy headed her for 50 yards or so, but the others soon settled the Yorkshire mare, and in succession settled a whole series of challengers. Mr. Abington has now won three Liverpool Cups in ouc season. Ho landed the Spring Cup with Father Confessor, and scored again in the Sum mer Cup with the same horse. Now ho has taken tho Autumn Cup with Lndy Bosebery, who, two years ago, landed it for another stable. I will tackle the meeting in regular fashion directly. Meanwhile, as mention of Mr. Baird puts me in mind of boxing business, I will work off. an item or two concerning that branch of Rport before I forget them. To begin ; two or tbrce days ago someone for a lark pub lished a bogus challenge from Jack Burko to fight Jem Smith at catch weights. Smith found a backer, but Burke promptly oxpiained that he was not responsible for the invitation. Upon my word, although Smith would be getting a couple of stone pull in weight, I would rather stand Burke than Smith. As I told you long ago my opinion is that Smith and ICiirain were both settled in their fight on the Seine. At any rate I saw \Vannop in a barney glove match get Smith hopelessly blown in three rounds, and a good middle weight would murder Wanuop in a big ring, though the latter is a heavy. But I did not run off the racing line to write about Wannop, Bourkc, Smith aud Co. I caught at a cue provided by reference to the Squire, and so to Slavin. Poor Slavin is defen dant in nn action brought by the boss of tho hotel at Margate who provided tho swell wed ding feast. Tho fact is that Slavin found a patron and associate in one Coin, who repre sented himself as a real colonial of swell English family. Said Coin boasted of £8000 per annum and most liberal tendencies. He promised Slavin £500 if ho beat Smith. "When that dis graceful affair was declared a dr.\w, Coin was so generous as to assure Slavin that he would donate tho " monkey" all the same, and Inci dentally borrowed £40 from his pugilistic pro tege. He would insist on organising the swagger ranrringe feast, despite Slavin's gentlemanly relucfcanco to this sort of half and lmlf show business. The entertainment cost £100, accord ing to tho landlord, who now sues Slavin as a sort of host, instead of a guest bidden to an other. man's board. Coin, the colonial, turns out to be possibly a colonial, of high old British pedigree, ' but jindubitably an impostor, the son of. a .tailor- who loft him a littlo ready money, which ho treated as income instead of capital, with the natural result that he found his wny into tho Bankruptoy Court. "When on that de lightful road ho omitted to schedule the Margate hotel man as a creditor, and the latter goes for Slavin, who will probably have to pay, not to mention losing the £40 borrowed money. He and M'Auliffe wont to tho midlands star ring on Friday last, and found that ou the second day the hall was closed, as " the ghost did not walk." Hurd lines. Mr. Abington Baird that is has had a speci men of hi9 common or garden club proprietor's honesty. It turns out that the squire not only found the £1000 for the men to box but donated it so that tho Ormonde Club runner was making tho big fees as profit. Further, it was Baird who put up tho £500 guarantee that the Slavin party would not interrupt the fight. On top of this the olnb man who calls himself Crichton Temple had the cheek to demand' £20 a head from Baird and his friends ns. entrance fee to the building, and now having got hold of the £500 deposit is sticking to it. I have been down on tho squire when he was in fault, but that is no reason I should care to stand by and see the man who is in many ways remarkably generous robbed as he is boing robbed now. The boxing look out here is very poor indeed. Outside London magistrates nro granting war rants to arrost men advertised to appear in contests of a few rounds only, and it really seems as if the g&mo; is doomed to be played out. - AVe shall see what is to happen after tho SI&vin-M;'Auliffe cose is settled. To return ts horse racing. To- night I 'met poor Tom French's father. The old gentleman is 76 years of ago, quite hearty and fond of racing as ever. Ho is in comfottablo circum- stauce3 and living at Southport, the watering place on the Lancashire coast, some 16 miles from Liverpool. Tom French was a very bril liant horsoman in his day. "Willie Moore, Garry Moore's brother, had a nasty frill at Hurst Park this week. He was riding Tommy Upton in a hurdlo race when it fell aud threw him against the rails, which ho smashed to Bmithereens. For 12 hours he was doliriotiB, but came round a little next day. So far tho now venture at Hurst Park lias been a dismal failure, but it may look up when tho Jookoy Club licence is granted, as it will bo as soon as tho now milo course, which is being formed, is all right. As usual tho Irishmen had a finger in tho pie at Liverpool, and did not forget to pull out a plum or two. They sent us some fine stceplo- chasers but did best with ono of ours, Lord Zetland s- Chonflour, whom Linda has very quickly transformed from nn indifferent and very fainthearted fiat racer into a bold steeple chaser. .Ho won the Softon Steeplechase in fino stylo, though ho was luoky, as Strong Tea, tho favorite, fell. Chonllour, a 4-year-old, by Macaroon— Blanchefteln, 10 sfc. 7 lb., won, with Magic, who used to belong to the Prinoo of AVulcg, lQst. 13 lb., second, and Roman Oak, a big winner at Autouil, third, 6 years, 11 st. 11 lb. Roman Oak was not fit. Old Gamecock wan fourth. Tho Irishmen were not fortunato next day, as they planked tho money on Coino Away for the Aintroo Hunt Steeplechase, ot two miles and three-quarters. I forgot to say that Cbon- llcur's was thrco miles, worth £300. Coino Away, who jumped tremendously big, came to an expected end, as ho greatly overjumped him self at Valentino's brook, and could not rccovor, and that old stager, The Saint, took the prize. The Liverpool St. Legcr, of ono mile and a quarter, foil to Aloe Taylor's filly, by Buchanan — Lady Charlie, 7 st. 13 lb. She beat Sir F. Johnstone's Bcu, by Bend Or — Polly Perkins, by a head; Ben, who carried 8 st. 7 lb., ought to have won. Mr. R. N. Talbot's br c Golden Crescent, by Castlcreagh — Mermaid, 3yrs., 7 st. 51b., won the Stewards' Cup by lmU a dozen lengths from one of the best fields of sprinters seen out this season. This most beautifully made colt has ouly one fault — he lacks size, but be is all quality. Ho had his chance to win a race at Manchester in the summer, but. did not go so close as ho might. This time tiicre was no mis- tako about his trying, and he cut down all oppo sition without an effort. Tlic Irishmen bail a rare land, ns they could always get 10 to 1. Dog Rose, Juggler, Galloping Queen and a lot of very smart Jive furlong horses were badly beaten. After the race an offer of 2000 guineas was made for Golden Crescent, but the. owner wanted 4000, and a deal did not result. . Betting on tho Liverpool Cup was very quick in changing. By working the market the com missioner for Lady Rosebcrry got her sent out to 8 to 1 on the eve of the race, but she finished at 4-tol. Mortaigne was Captain Machell's selected qt last. I am very sorry 'to record that ns I write- Mrs. Jewitt lies dangerously ill from typhoid fever, a complaint which has been ter- riblyquevalcrit lately. Captain Machell too is laid up from a chill, so that both oivner and trainer arc in sore trouble. Vasistns was once more trusted and once more got near, but not near enough. Mortaigne could not stay. All the jockeys were soaked before -tho' "flag foil to a good start, which Lady Rosebery soon made look a bail one, as she meed- quickly for the load. -I need not go into details further except to say that book makers who up to the finish almost offered 6 to 1 on the field had a bad race, more particularly . because there were three place jobs, and all came off. The time was 2 min. 31 sec., and the stake worth £1025. Hcie arc. particulars Liverpool Autumn Cup of 10 so vs. each for starters! .with 1000 govs, added ; second, 50 sovs. from the stakes. Cup course. (one mile aud three furlongs). — Abington's b m Lady Rosebery, by Rosebery — The Empress Maud, 5 yrs.» ? st. 8 lb. (S. Loates) 1 — -Milher's ch f Shall We Remember, by Clair- vaux or Isonomy— Sonsio Queen, 3 yrs., 7 st. 41b. .. .. (T. Loates) 2 Baron dc Hirsch's b c Vasistas, by Idus— Veranda, 4 yrs., 7 st. 101b. .. (G. Barrett) 3 Lord Calthorpe's b c Mortaigne! by Rosebery — The Empress Maud, 4 yrs., 6st. 51b. (carried 6 st. 61b.) (G. Chaloncr) 4 — R..Vynor's Lily of Lumley, 4 yrs.. 6st. 13 ib. .. .. .. (It. Chaloner) 6 Captain L.H. Jones's Tlieophilan, 4 yrs., 8-st. 21b. .. .. ' (Ltddiani) 6 —Abingtop's Father Confessor, 5 yrs.; 9st 51b. (T. Cannon) 7 Duke of Beaufort's Revc d'Or, 6 yrs., 7 st 10 lb. (carried 7 st. 111b.) (Calder) 8 J. Lowthev's Houndsditch, 4 yrs., 8 st. (Morgan) 9 Colonel North's Nunthorpe, 4 yrs., 7 st. 13 lb. .. (M. Cannon) 10 Betting : 85 to 20 against Lady Rosebery, 11 to 2 Mortaigne, 7 to 1 Theophilus, Vasistas and Revo d'Or, 9 to 1 Shall Remember. 100 to 8 Father Confessor; 100 to 7 Lily of Luinley, 100 to 6 Hounds- ditch, 50 to 1 Nunthorpe. So far not & bet on the Derby of 189L "What do you think of that? I told you, did I not, that the big Sweepstakes for breeders, the Sandring- ham GoId Cup, which tho Jockey Club very properly vetoed as a private sweep not entailing a penalty to the winner, has been restarted as a regular breeders' sweep on. ordinary lines. This will be the biggest thing of its sort Tho Salford harriers will be back in a few days. Their tour was pretty much a failure, a result their newspaper now affects to look upon as of ho consequence, Tboy also failed to make it pay, but, as the reporters attached to the spec, explain, that is of no consequence because thoy only . went in order to advnucenthlctics in Ame rica and for amusement As they- have not the money to pay their own expenses, ;and further, profess to have endoavored to advanco athletics in a country where thoy were beaten far more often than they won, the explanation seems to need a great deal of explaining. Nothing note worthy was accomplished at the Oxford Fresh men's sports. Playing in an exhibition billiard match against the new Northern champion, C. Dawson, who beat him at the spot barred game in the previous week, Peall made a big show on the 5th Novem ber. Last week Peall gave Dawson 2000 in 9000 and lost by 15 points. This week he set out to allow 3000 in 15,000. On the third day he started at 5000 to 4087. On the Tuesday Daw son had two strokes in the afternoon and six in the evening. "Wednesday s&w; Dawson an in terested spectator aud no more Peall, in the afternoon show, ran up 1336 (93—3 — 150 — 123 and 51 spots) and was in position for spot q>lay at time. In the evening he kept at work. His 51 unfinished spot break was extended to 172, then came .120 and 108, whioh brought the total to 2416, and left him still to play. This was tho highest break ou record — beat his own greatest, 2413, whicb, curiously enough, was scored exactly 12 months earlier at the same place, tho Westminster Aquarium. On the following day Peall added 292 spots, making 400 altogether, and broke down at 3304, far and away the biggest run on record. Feeling in Scotland against the football asso ciation is growing stronger and stronger. The association is generally right, but inclined to be higli-banded and arbitrary. P.S. — More attention was commanded by the cabled result of the Melbourne Cup than by any colonial event of former years. Tho amount of added money made the public notice it ; in fact, they cannot understand what £10,000 added means. Here £10,000 stakes generally mean that all the money, or very nearly all of it, has been drawn from owners' pockets. But to go and give— excuse the stylo, please — actually give £10,000 as addition to a sweepstakes is past our people's comprehension. It is very magnificent, say clerks of courses and the like, but it is not business. Give, forsooth. Why, the great aim of a well balanced minded oilicial is to get, not give. True, Ascot in four days docs positively give £14,000, and may be said, moreover, to let owners tako all the money thoy subscribe, stakes and forfeits ; but with £14,000 in four days as a far and away highest record for tho old country, no wonder our folk cannot realise suoh an endowment as £10,000 in a lino for a single event. Why, it is enough to make an old man scratch his head and think that we are not nearly first in racing arrange- inenta. People will not believe mo when I tell them that you do all this at a courso which is free all over to tho payer of half a sovereign for tho day. Wo havo to pull out five half sove reigns a head for a big day at Newmarket, and do not get a quarter of tho accommodation that Flemingtou otfers. 