" I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and there fore the truth I speak, impugn it wlioso I list." NOVEMBER 19TH, 1g90. NEWS AND NOTES. A man named .Tames Ibod came before IMessrs Mailer and Jukes, Js'.P., at the Coburg court on. Monday charged with drunkenness.- " How do you plead I " asked Sergeant Bass, and the accused at once began to narrate the circumstances attendant on t his folly. " I had breakfast early on the l morning of my arrest,"quoth he,"and worked till nearly six o'clock. Borrowed a shilling or two off a mate and, of course, had to get change, so that I went and had a drink and 1 it knocked me over." "But you were drunk 2 ".askal Mr. Mailer, " O yes," replies Mr. Hood, who the police stated had had . several chances given him, and the Bench inflicted a penalty of 10s. A man, who had evidently been' drinking heavily, came undher the notice of the Coburg court on Monday. His imme was Alfred C. Arnold, and the 'charge preferred against, him was the good old one of "insulting behavior. It apl!eared from the evidleqce o 9 kiqd hearted wvqrkingmnan that the accused haal been camped in a tent, next door to that qf the witqess, for sonde monthls, and hladi latterly be}q drinking heavily. Satuirday evening he rusled in about 10 o'clock to tlhe hbode of hii friend aqd swore that he could1 iot;slee& p: there was someone about hisI tlet lpi4ting him.. Witness saw what w-as tlhe nmatter, and sought to calm hibn by giving hizn coffee and supper, but it was all of no avnil, ind on Sisday hlie becaine so hbad that the police were obliged to arrest, him. Accedin tlas remannded for medical treatment ani will appear hufore thu court again next Tuesday.' ' .( A concert by 'members of=thc :Victoiian Asylum and Sihool for the Blind, will be given this evening in the public-hIl;, Belll street. There will bethirty- performers in addition to the capital brass band which always accomipasiles these aninual entertain ments, and it is hoped that the cause of chaitiiy \vl once more be well met by residents. .Snakes ac reported as getting plentiful amongst the boulders and rocks of the Merri Creek and visitors will do well to keep at sharp look out for this deadly enemy when enjoying a quiet siesta at this favorite resort. :An apology 'was received froim Cr. Frasert at the meeting of the Brunswick council, on p Tuesday, stating that through illness he was t unable to attend. and on the motion of Cr v King, it was decided that a reply should be t sent expressinga holm for tle speedy recovery 1 of the absent colleague. sI i The dangerous practice frequently adopted k5 by contrectots in leaving ondelcrous obstruc- i tions without being properly lighted at night I in public thorougittaras was referred to at p the meeting of the Brunswick council on Tuesday eveninig, when, on the suggestion of Is the committee of public works, it was resolved S that the'attention of the police;le drawn to the complaint, and Sergeast lrowin requested In t 'yrosecuto pffenderms. Thle committee of tile irunswick liei f an Society will be gladl to receive donatlios of It infants' clothing, which tmay lie sent to al the lhon. treasurer. Mrs. George, 372 Sydney- ce road. Li A colncert in aid of the organ fulnd of the P1 East Brunswick Independent Church will be m5 given by the choir assisted by friends on or Thursday evenintg next, he charge for nad LI mission being sixpence. The organ is one o. of tie linest in the district and the promise of se a solo on this alone should attract a large i% audlience. A milkman named Palnmer, who resides at sil Palmerston crescent, South Melbourne, met so with a painful accident on Sydney-road on es Tuesday afternoon last. Shortly after three cc o'clock Palmer with a friendl was driving in hi a buggy in the direction of tile city and when pi near the intersection of Albert-street sought fn to avoid several brick drays by driving on at the tram line. Itn doing so he failed to notice Ia an approaching tram-car, and, before the is gripman couhl pull up, the dummy collided h:r violently with the buggy, throwing Mr. bt Panlmer outon his head int the roadway. The th unlfortunate mans was at once picked tip antd : carried into Mr. E. Glew's produce store. hli Dr. Miller was quickly itn attendance and pr found on examination that the man was tL suffering fromt a scalp wound fully two Al incihes in length, and also a slight concussion an of the brain. With great care lie dressedthe wi wound andl after bandaging up the head or- :ul dered Mr. Painter's immediate renmov'al to his home. Lit A narrow escape from a serious conllagra tLa Lion happened at the watchmaking establish ment of Mr. U. Dunstone, Sydney-roalt, late r onn.h ursday, , igtl4k,,5,,Vlhilst. cm gngetdr ,ei in t cleaning a clock, Mr. Di?stodie accidesntally drolped a lighted match into a plate of tri benzine lybig by his side, and the lalmues ilo immediately rushed utp and severly burnt him. In his agony Mr. Dunstone hurrled the ro dish into the corner of the room, and the fire at once caught the wall. Members of the Brunswick brigade quickly extinguished the flames, and Mr. Dunstoe, whlo was very Di badly burnt abmut the hands and legs, was hi attended to by Dr. Hamilton. Fatal resailts have since ensued. The sudden death of a woman whose life Le for the past year has been a record of oi sadnless wias reported to the South Melbourne in police on W'ednesday. The dececasedl was a It woman of 33 years, named Janet Smith, the cc wife of James Smith, a labourer, with whomn ti1 she has lived at No. 35, Albert-roal. west o Albert Park. It seems that some eight se months ago she was delivered of a still-born ce child, and her mind afterwards became very much affected. Shie was treated for some tl time by Dr. Stewart, of Brunswick, but tl becoming worse, she wandered :from home .u and was subsequently committed to the g, Yarrni bend Asylum by the'Mooonce Ponds tl Bench.. Front that instittition she was td liberated a fortnight ago on probation, on the advice of Dr. 1Watkin, who also treated s: her for a tumour from which she also suf- f fered. On Tuesday night she complained, of g a very severe headache, whieh lasted through 1 the night, and this morning early Dr. t Arivilly was called in; but on his arrival "he was dead. Senior Constable Molloy, to a whom the circumnstances of. the. case were e reported, has f;iorartled thde information' to the Coroner., A concert will be given in tile public hlall: iBell-street, on Wedqesd-y evening, 0oveinber 19, by the pupils of the Melbournne Asylum and Schqol for the Blintln ant it is antici pated that isi 'view of " the fact. of the popularity bf tyle entertainments there wilt be a large -tertdance., Several nlembeis of tie a:contmitte'e of h tl Brunswick Mhlcianics' .Institute, consistilng of Messrs. Olemernt, Tou'gh, Pererell, FP. T. Uickford, B.A., and V: W:'. .Admans (tion.. see.), waited on the Brunswick Council on t Thursday evening for the purlose of ask ing assiCtanoe tovards the free library anu i readling rooms. It was stated thant niothing had yet ?best givess by tie counicil in tihe direction tlamed, notwitlstalnding thile fact that the free rooms were opent daily front 10 i anm. to 10 p.nm. whvere, bLesidels the ui-al assortme!tt of inagazines otln necvl)alpiers, there wee 2750 1Iouloks ole to auny if the spublic to real. 'Very great extpense thad been incurred i maitking ithe librarly as attractive as pIossible, antd it was trusted that the council mighlt seec their sway clear to mtake a: n atnnal allowance. Councillors ail leared to coisisler tise matter very favour ably, and thie mayor, in reply, promised that a substantial grant woult be ullowed on tihe e preparataion of the estimates for the ensuing I year. Tie' Whclnusday half-holiday system is gradually comir.g into full force amongst the tradesmien of' Coburg, the latest to fall in with this muchi-to- bc-commendld plan being the produce andl wood and coke merchants. To-lday 'will see, the 'inauguration of thie scheme amongst these tralessmen, and it is to be lioped that business nieu in other lines will rapidly follow suit. Lovers, beware! The favorite walkiing place of loving couples, Morleand-road west, has been rlTdely distitrbed once more eby the appearance of a ghost-a- veritable Spring-helele Jack.' Some foolish thing- scarcely deserving the nanie of a man-u as lately: beenianmitsing' him.elf, bY donniog Amnlnst the .pinddocks bornlering on fMore land-rodul to the terror rf cold 'and yonng alike. Several 'parties have seen the so callel apparition; and it is to Ie hoped that the individual may be captured and severely punished. We would suggest that young t inen in the neighborhood should purcllie 1 one of ye old tinime blunderbusses, and give this ghbat the full benefit of a heavy charge of saltpetre. We fancy that this would settle his little game, and bring him down with a drop like a bullock. " Mentone," the residence of Cr. Jukes, situate in lMain-street, Coburg, was tile scene of unwonted festivity on. Monday eveninlg l?st, on the occasion of tile celebration of thei. 21st biithdlay lof his eldest son, Henry .1. The house was prettily decorated, and illumiciated with fairy lamps, which produced a very happy and harmonising effect. A large number of ladies and gentlemen responded to the in?ites I issued, and. found that every arrangement had been made for their amusement. Shortly before midnight tile conmpany adjourned to the seller room, where an excellent repast was laid inii readliness, anid fter fall attention hadl been' devoted to the best of good thinlgs providol, the healths Of host, hostess and * their son were centhusiastically honoured. 1 Altogether a very habppy evening was spent, and all left with hearty thanks and cordial wishes for the future " healthl, prosperity, and happiness," of their kind entertainers. " Why do you go there!" was all exclama tion overheard between two Coburg ladies the other night. "UBecause I find that for 1 quality and prices -COrory's groceries -are really the cheapest in the end I hlave tried sthler' supposet- atCep'growenu?ue. eisnav ' i omie to the coniclusion that ' quality is" the true t st of chlleapness.' Hlowever, if you doubt nmy, word, give him ai trial and see for. yourself; his establishmueut is at Sydney roadul, Cobureg."-[ADVT.] At the meeting of the public works con iiittee of the Brunswick colucil on Monday evening, a eomnnmunication wsas received from Dick Uros., a firm of buclhers carrying onil business in Lygon-street, asking for a tenm porary license permitting the slaughtcncng of cattle on their premises during the slaugh termen's dispute. Sonic discussion tookoplace on the request, the Mayor, C.-. Fllcinig, }noving that it bc'iinote giated,' inasmuch as lee thought the council had not the power to confer such a privilege. Cr. Lacey remarked that the writers had the power to do their orvo work at the abl'atoirs, and Cr. Trcooweth seconding the motion, the proposition was carried We are requested to state that members of the Coburg brass band beg to tender sincere thanks to all the ladies and gentlemen who -asisteist at tliuir concert eand s: to the general public for the liberal eway iunwhiclh tltyu'assisted' iigi?inTigipresents ani d do iiations towards tle art nio n . - . The Cobeirg brass band will give i.granil sacred concert in aid of the Hospital Sunday fund, at the Moreland tram terminus, on Sunday next. Mr.'A. Short being conductor. The Coburg and Moreland fire brigades will take up the offerings of the public. Tne Brunsvwick: Baptist Sundey Scbhoil anniversary is, announced'ior' Sunday Noev, ember. 23, when special sivices s'ill: ?bi ield. The scholars are now bisily, engaged in tile preparation of hymns for the occassion and the services piromise to be of n nn usially in teresting descriptio n. 