Thl t - Umutseral s1Y 86soen A.: "What is the matter with yoe this morning 2" B.: "I didn't aleep well last tight. There was an unusual noise in my room." " Did it wake you up?" "Yes; any unusual noise wakes me Up." "' What.was the unueal noire ?" "WeYoll, you acsee my wife never ecoleo dur ing the day, but stores up all her rese? ,mout, like this stored ekctricity." "But you were speaking of an eotral noise during the night." .. "Just so. i'm coming to that. You cos, I'm so need to her scolding that it oats p.n me like an opiate. As long as she jast I sleep like a top." "But what was the unusual noire?" "Well, she began jawing ond I fllF ca:rep as usual, and I would h:ave elop all right it it had not been for the cnu:ul noise." " What unusual noise 1" " She quit tatlking." IIE: "Nieo night, isn't it ?" She: "Yes' good night." HOUSEMAID (new to the iosetumer.t): "Somnebdy ringin' at do hellophone, marm." "JI Mr. Brown at home?" Servant: " Yes, sir; you will find him at hie club." RETNTIVE McEeORY: "I fancy I've reen that face before." "Yes, that's the way I wear it." A saunr sohoolboy has defined the word "Dormitory " as a place whoere you try to sleep, and can't. MlAr a roflin is covered with roses by hands that never before gave its occupant anything but thorns. YEAST: "Do yo00play chess?" Crimnon. beak: '" Well, no i 1 can't ray that I play it. I work at it occasionally." "I nEAR your husband is quite gallant' Do you ever find any letters in his pocket 2" " Only the ones I give him to mail." SocIeTr is where people who were poor twenty-five years ago tell of the plebeian origin of their neigbitors and conceal their own humble beginnings. Now in the parlor meet the pair, " When golden day is done, Two forms with but one rocking chair, Two hearts that beat as one. SumTEns (reading sign): "'Hands off.' The poor idiot l. Do they think anyone could look at that statue and not know the hands were off ?" Hs could box and run and kick the ball With fine athletio airs; But he couldn't heed the family call To carry coal upstairs. " Wto was that ringing at the front door last night?" "The policeman." " Whans did he want ?" " Ho wanted it.s baby to stop crying. It kept him awake." CUSTOMERn: "I say, uncle, how lon0 have you had these new-laid eggs in steek ". Bastes: "I dnno ezactly, boes. You see, I'ee only been wu'kin' heah a month." Mn. SoKrn: "Funny how one forgets one's Latin and Greek I I can't remember my ' hie, haes, bho,' even." Mrs. S. : "I think you remember your' hio' pretty well." " On, would I were a bird I" alhe sang. And the young man leaned his head wearily upon his hand, and murmured: '"Would you were, and the window were open." "TuEnE must be a fire somewhere," said Jinks. " Why, I didn't hear the bells," said Snicks. " Nor 1," replied Jinks,"but I jua , saw a messenger boy running." "I nErat your coachman ran ef with £100 of your money. Are you going to try to re. cover it?" " No, the poor fellow will need it; my daughter went with him." CEsUns TAER? t (to middle.aged female): "How old are you, madam?" Female: "I have, ahem, seen nineteen summers." "Have you always lived in the tropical" - Mzss AuY: "And do you admire Miss Travers, Mr. Goslin ?" "Yes-awf'ly I She's so unlike all other girls, don't-cher. know I" Itsecuen (who has pulled a man out of the water): " Gracious 1 Your head is bleeding. ' How did you cut it 1" I'eecued Man: "On the water's edge, I guess." t'Do great calamities move in cycles ?" asked Brown. "They frequently do in f` bicycles," said Smithere, who had recently left three layers of his nasal cuticle on a macadamised reoad. Foeas: "I went to hear Guaberleigh preach last Sunday." Brown :" Why, I: thought you hated to bear him?" "-So I do but it mas his farewell sermon. I went out of pure gratitude." YEs, Augustus, we believe it is better to i have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. It is better for the jeweller, and the florist, and the messenger boy-and sometimes for the lawyere. "A rENo?Y for your thought:s," exclaimed , Mies Gerlie to young M'Goosoly. "Oh, aw -I don't want to wob you like that, doncher I know," replied M'Goosely, and then he. couldn't see why everybody laughed eo up. roariously. He (at midnight): "Funny custom the Chinese have. The hostess is expected to notify the caller when it is time to go." She (with a sigh) : "But we are in Australia, you know." Miss Loveeons: " Isn't this a pretty r valentine Mr. Do Garry rent mel" Miss Caustique : "It's the very one he cent mo I last dear. I returned it with all hies letters when our engagement was broken off." TEAClEmR : " Willie, how would you feel if you should ask someboty for bread and be given a stone L" Willie (a jeweller's son): " If it was no better than the one on your shirt front I'd feel awful." "I thvn this evening been preaching to a congregation of idioets," said a conceited young parson. "Then that was the reason. you always call thlem 'hloved brethren I'" said a strongminded young woman, Gnsest (at a seance): " Do you recogniae me ?" ~lre., Topper (confidentially) : "Yes, youe are my late husband, John Topper." Ghost (surprised): "IHow did you snow meo" Mrs. Topper (firmly): "I amels your breath, John." Tu.?or: "'It is needless to ask the ques tion, maldam. You know what I want." Lady: ",Yes, I know what you want, badly, but I've only one bar of soap in the house, and tlee ervant is using it, Come again some other time." " No," remarked Jonerby enthusinatienally, S"there's nothing like the hot water cure. I It will blaes a man up when all other re amedies lail--er-Mrs. Slimdiet, just let me have a cup of tea, ii you please ?" 693 " 