O O S 9 I F . The Empress Josephine *u veiy fond of perfumes, and above all. mask. Her dressing-room at Malmaison vas filled with it in spite of Napoleon's frequent remonstrances. Many years ha re elapsed since hçr death, and the present owner of Malmaison hat had the wall of that dressing-room repeatedly washed and painted ; bat neither scrubbing nor aquafortis, nor paint, has been sufficient to remoTe the smell of the empress's mask, which continue» as strong as if the bottle which contained it had been bat yesterday removed. The following method of washing flannels may be of interest now that the warm weather is coming on :— Wash them in a warm lather till clean, not rubbing the soap upon them, and using no soda; then put them in a brown pan with only a little sliced soap, and poor boiling water over them. Let them stand till the water is cool enough to wash them in, and add a little blue. Do not rinse them, but wring them as dry as possible; poll them out and shake them Well before hanging to dry.- Lambswool socks with delicate colours should be washed much in the same way, only in a second lather instead of pouring boiling water over them, rolled np tightly in a thick cloth, and dried off reiy quickly by the fire. In Brazil and the West Indies wine is made from oranges. The .fruits are collected and exposed to the sun for three or foar days. They are then cut into slices without being peeled, and the juice squeezed out by twisting ; the cloth in which the slices are placed is left undisturbed for twenty-four hoars. The essential oil which swims on the tbpisidriittmed off witha spoon, or absorbed with a plug of cotton. To every twenty-five pounds of liquid is added brandy eighteen degrees over-proof, and twelve pounds of sirup of sugar. This mixture, thoroughly stirred up, is pat into jars or pots, which are covered up with wood and lime and buried two feet in the ground. At the end of two months the wine is fit to drink, bat its quality, like that of most wines, improves with age. When Lafayette was last in America, receiving ovations wherever he went, he was entertained nowhere with more ardent devotion than in New Orleans. He was formally received in the old Spanish building situated on the Place d'Armes, now Jackson Square, north of the cathedral. Be was very affable, -and particularly agreeable to young men. Illustrative of his happy faculty of making himself popular by being, in a social way, " all tilings to all men," the following may be pertinent. Two young Creole gentlemen were succ ssively introduced to him. *• Are you married 1 " asked the marquis of the first. " I am, General," was the reply. " Happy man—happy man ! " said Lafayette, warmly pressing the youthful Benedict's hand.. The second made a negative answer to the same question. "Lucky dog—lucky dog!" said «Lafayette, patting the bachelor on the back. The military salute required in almost all civilised countries is nearly . the same. Perhaps in Germany however Hie regulations are somewhat more stringent. A 6oldier on meeting the emperor has to stand still, face about, and remain with hand raised for from twelve to twenty paces before His Majesty, approaches, and for the same distance after " he -haa passed. In Belgium an officer has to do the same thing for the king, and subalterns for generals, though ten paces only are required for the latter case. Soldiers carrying anything so that their hands are occupied salute with their eyes— that is, they turn their heads in the direction of the person coming and going. French officers raise their caps to each other; but the privates do. as the privates in other armies do. Wife of young literary man—Why, George—ten pounds for that magazinestory ! How long did it take you to write it ! n Young basband, nonchalantly--" Ob, I don't know 3 A couple Of days, I suppose." Wife exultingly—" Five pounds a day ! That's thirty pounds * week, and one hundred and twenty a-month. Twelve times one bandied and twenty is nearly fifteen handled a year. Why, George, ire ou keep a carriage jaal as vcftttaofcr Phyllis Fenwick'a Adventure. Redskins seemed to be all the rage with English folk a few months back, and the ladies especially appeared to invest these considerably tamed specimens on view at West Brompton with a sweetly sentimental, romantic interest which I fancy they would scarcely have been able to feel if they had ever been forced to face the red men at fearful odds in their native haunts. I was fated to undergo this agreeable experience once, in the good old days when the now almost extinct bison roamed the Wild West in vast herds, whilst the Indian and white invader were at continual enemity, the former then being about aB civilised as the ooyote and as friendly as the dreaded " grizzlies." • Nevertheless the white man established himself in the land, and on the whole he prospered. The time of which I am speaking was the beginning of the " gold fever," and my brothers had been so bitten with the prevalent mania that they used all their iafluence to persuade my father to give np the old farm in Hawkesdale and go to New California. Perhaps their arguments bad more weight with my father because he was shrewd enough to see that farming was even then becoming a losing game, while the auriferous prospects held out to him appeared unusually tempting by comparison I, Phyllis being only a girl, did not of course eount for much in these family arrangements ; yet, in a sense, because I was the only daughter, and my mother was dead, I did count very much in my father's eyes, and he would, 1 verily believe;'have stayed at home sooner than leave me behind. But I was as adventurous in disposition as any of my brothers, and looked forward to the new life with immense interest, all the deeper perhaps because I was so utterly without experience. It was finally arranged that my father should take up some land in Hope "Vallêyj El Dorado county, and there, with Charlie Bipley's assistance, start stock-farming, whilst my three brothers tried their luck at the " diggings" in the same county. Il I had been going to the most luxurious home in the finest part of our own favoured land, I could not possibly have been more eager or enthusiastic over our future prospects. It was enough for me that my lover was to share our fortunes ; and what more could a romantic girl whose acquaintance with real hardship had not yet begun desire ? There had been Fentricks at Mossside and Ripleys at the Birkets for more generations than I can count ; the two farms lay side by side, and Charlie and I had been little playmates and child-sweethearts ever since I sac remember ; whence Hawkesdale considered it a " seemly " thing, and that we were only fulfilling our destiny, when we grew up and blossomed into real lovers who were soberly and seriously engaged. Naturally enough, since the course of true IOVA, we know, never does run smooth, fate must put her finger into the pie; to import a spice of romance into a love affair that threatened tb be so decorously dull as ours; and this element of interest was, it seemed, destined to be supplied at the eleventh hour by the sudden illness of old Mr. Bipley. To my dismay and Charlie's grief, his father was taken ill early in February, and died before the end of the month. Now my folk had dècided to start during thé sécond week in' t March,and to defer our departure would have been equally useless and impossible, since we discovered, to our chagrin, that Mr. Bipley had left all he possessed to his wife during her lifetime, and it was afterwards to be equally divided between Charlie m and his sister Alice. It was out of the question that the only son, to whom the widow now looked for t everything, should go away, leaving e matters in so unsettled a state land his mother to the mercy of hirelings. Obviously the duty that lay nearest te t his hand was to stay at home and — manage the farm for his mother and sister till semé permanent arrangement could be made for their benefit. It'was. a, heavy blow! for us—the heavier because it was so unexpected ; but Charlie did his best to chee? me and himself: by steadily refusing to relinquish the hope of coining out to join us some time within a year or so ; and at nineteen, when one is full of health and life, a year does pot seem so very long to look forward to. - My lover camé with lis as far as Liverpool, in Order to be with me until the last possible minute and defer the inevitable agony of separation. " There's just the ghost of a çhance, you know, Phyllis darling, that-1 shan't be tied down to thé old country so long, as your father Seems to fancy," he said, rying to speak" lightly. . We were standing on deck, hand in hand, in a quiet corner quite alone, whilst the last precious moments fled away, and tears chased one another rapidly down my pale cheeks. This farewell to my native land was by no what I had anticipated, and the difference between my rose-coloured visions and the sad, stern reality was terrible jast then for me to make a pretext at cheerfulness. " I don't see how you can ever come," I returned disconsolately ; " there are farm and Mrs. Bipley and Alice !" all these terrible obstacles with a little smothered sob. , " Tes, dear heart ; but you must remember there is also Hngh Dalton. He and Alice hayn't settled matters yet; still they understand each other ; and, if I can but get him to see his way clear, I know I may safely intrust my mother and sister to his tare. Hngh. likes to ' see his way,' you know, Phyllis'; hé'*' sure and steady, honest as the day ! If I can work round Hngh and get on the right side of him, 1*11 come, my darling. But well isay nothing to "the others;, this is only a tiny bit of hope for your heart and mine to feed upon when we two are parted." There were jnst a few more last words, and then the long-dreaded moment came. I felt my lover's arms close about me, and the very last pressure of his lips to mine ; after that I think lie pat me into my father's arms and hurripd away down the ladder. I tried to distinguish his face as he stood on shore, bat tears blinded me, and I obtained only a misty view of a sea of upturned faces, with here and there a waving handkerchief, as the Osprey moved slowly out of dock and down the Mersey. We had been settled in our new home nearly a twelvemonth my brothers remaining with us until oar new hoase —a strong log-cabin of which we were all very proud—was finished and habitable ; then they started H prospecting" finally taking ap a claim not far from our homestead, where they had been working very steadily for some months with more or less success. At the log-bouse our party was a largerone than we had first anticipated, since some of our Moss-side labourers had accompanied their old muter to Hope Valley in search of a fortune, and at that time extra hand* wen weloome enough. Our venture prospered from the beginning, and -1 wanted only one thing to make me happy; but that thing seemed no nearer of attainment than at first. Charlie wrote as regularly as possible, and his letters were always bright and encouraging. Tiresome Hugh Dalton however seemed to be a terrible time " seeing his way" to a mutual arrangement ; and I could not" feel very hopeful, knowing Hugh and all the circumstances so well. At any rate, my lover was still tied to his farm at Hawkesdale, whilst I was leading my new life on a ranche in El' Dorado. I think I enjoyed the winter aa much as any time; my father was at home a good deal, for one thing,and, for anothe . J was bythis.time_j?rowing used to die conditions of life, which has so very much to do with «-omfort anywhere. Bat with the lengthening days my fattier and the " boys"—as we call*>d oar lab - ourers—were fully occupied, ronsequently I was often alone for many hours; nevertheless, being a high-spirited girl, I cared very little for that, and seldom felt lonely or dull. Tramps were not particularly likely to molest us, sinoe the rowdy elements seemed to flow naturally in the direction of the diggings, where it mustered in full force. My brothers used to say all the gaol-birds unhanged had migrated thither, the usual basis of society in a mining community consisting of the scum and refuse of. great cities. Of the Indians we had hitherto| seen little, and that little had not been of an awe-inspiring nature, despite the yams we had heard from older settlers as we made our way to our " location" in tbe previous spring. We had been visited by a few Oherokeea now and again, chiefly quaws and papooses, intensely curious about us, and some of them the most sturdy, impudent beggars I ever saw in my life; otherwise they were rather friendly, though the men of the tribe seemed inclined to give us a wide berth. In short, with me familiarity bred contempt; and I had nearly ' forgotten my old terror of the ferocious Bedmen, with their savage faces and warlike mien, hideous as paint and other uative adornments could make them. (To b* Continued.) Tattersall and Charley Matthews the elder were very intimate, and the great comedian was frequently in the habit of accompanying his friend to Newmarket races, where, on one occasion, Matthews indulged in his weilknown taste for mimicry at the expense of Tattersall during a sale of bloodstock conducted by the latter. " Thé first lot, gentlemen," said Tattersall. "is a bay filly by Smolensko," Ac. "The first lot, gentleman," echoed Matthews, in precisely the same tone of voice, " is à bay filly by Smolensko." Tattersall looked somewhat annoyed, but proceeded, " What ishall we say to bégin with t' " What «hall we say fr • begin with V repeated the inevitable echo. u Still endeavouring to concéal his vexation, Tattersall called oat inquiringly, " One hundred guineas f ' •"One hundred guineas f bawled out Matthews. "Thank you, sir," cried Tattersall, bringing down tin hammer WitV i bang ; "ft© filly is yonrs !" .Matthews waa somewhat taken aback by bis sudden acquisition of *' bloodtock." » • - • • -• In a restaurant. Englishman—"Givr me aoaie n*st beet, oolJi" French man—" Give me someeold beef, roast." liatflW'a*'Cfêf»ae semt <*Ureaat \- V Aft* ,J ] J 