[ Sentence Suspended. “ I would have him nine years a-killhlg."— Otiilllo. Tha light which pierced through the small pants of the window and foil upon her boos j was beginning to prow dim. Filmy shadows Gradually outlined themselves upon the walls of the room, marking the bottle be tween the rays from the hcaith-tlro and those from the setting eun. Together with the twilight cunie tho cihiil air, settling down into Lite valley from iho BUuw-fieids on the mountains, B.ie shivered and draw the shawl a little closer about her shoulders. I As she did so her eyes lifted to the clock on j the heavy btouo mantel. [ “It is growing lute,” Eaid she; "ho will return very coon.” Sue stepped to tho door which led to the rear of the dwelling, end spoke a few words, to the housemaid, in a soft, clear voice. Then, crossing to the other side of the room, I she stood for a moment by the threshold j which made the line between the veranda and tho interior. It was the side entrance tc tho I house, and looking across a maze of unkempt flower-beds one could see some distunes I down tha road. She peered among tho long j shadows, but ho w:>.3 not in sight. Sue I started to close tiie door, but remembering I that he would then not be able to see tha light of the room, turned away leaving it open. The fire had burned law; eke re newed it with several largo pieces of wood. It began to crackle and blaze and the light .danced merrily upon the wall, as if it were confident- of victory over tho eun. Now she arranged a. large wieker-ebair— .iris chair—in front of the hearth and shook out its heavy silken cushions. Over the back ec.g threw a velvet jacket of dark hue, and between tho cluiir anil the fire eiie planed a pair of small but msveuiine slippers. Alter standiug for a moment with her arms lean ing upon the back of the chair, she suddenly bant her head down and kissed the j'rcket. Her iisgirs buried thc-metlvea in its soft texture ivilh an almost frantic clutch. Then she gave a quiet little laugh, such as a woman of thirty who had caught herself in dulging in young-wife Icily, cud resumed her seat by the window. She wtt3 directly opposite tha open door, and by leaning a little toward the tire she could eee out into the road. Yet she listened rather than looked, for sho know that ibe first impression which would coma to her of his nearness would ba the sound of his hoist’s hoofs, as they pounded upon tho long wooden culvert some distance away. So sha sat, her vision drifting listlessly across the narrow porch to tho gcnily waving branches of the trees. And she thought of him—of this man whom she loved with a passion that had made her forget tho world. Suddenly she beheld an apparition just beyond the threshold of the door. There was an instant during which she gazed with a questioning halt-fear. Then Bhe undcr It was only a dog—a gaunt, shaggy deer hound, with large, long limbs and a wolfish head. He had come upon the porch so noiselessly and so quickly that he esemed to materialise' before her vision. Now lie crouched and watched her without moving. And she eid-cned with tho icy ohi'il of dread. With a long, bard effort she drew in i her breath Rod tried to speak, but her throat was frozen. She eat rigidly upright —staring into tho small gray eyes of lire dog—dumb ar. the apparition itself. But terror, like all the greater sensations of the sou), holds tenure by a short lease. In a moment there was a reaction, and her mind was fi'.m although her body still She tried again to speak, and this time her j voice obeyed. -- " Viking,'' she called, " come he:e 1” But the dog did not move. . She repeated his name several times, speaking it louder and more firmly. Not a hair stirred. There was a deep, hoarse laugh, and a man’s voice from tho yard said : “ You neod not try it. Viking is true to She did not start, far now that buc had seen the nog tho ptesenoa of his owner was no surprise; but the blood, which a "moment before had dropped out of her face. Hushed back, and every feature was luminous with excitement. " Viking,"called tire voieo ; “hero !” The dog sprang up and suddenly left she porch. Then there was tha sound of a crash ing among the bushes and flowers, as though some large bundle were'thrown down, and j tho voice said : “ Viking ! guard 1 stay : here 1” I Now was the moment to c-scapc. Sho j could go out from the other side of the j house, run among the- trees, and regaining | tho road some distunes further down, could J warn him of the danger which threatened j bis iifo and hors. She juruptd up tine ! started across the room, but iu that, instant came the heavy Etep on tho verandah. Jd was useless. As she returned to the chair, the dark ficure of a man appear d iu the doorway. The space was narrow, the man immensely tail and lergs, eo that as he slocd for a moment on the threshold ha seemed Incut her off entirely from the light of sbo outside world. ] “Philip 1” The ir.r.n in the doorway bowed cod than entered the room. Hr- was clad in garments stained and tattered by long use in rough out-of-door life. A eiinggy black beard covered the lower part of his face, and the eloiiched hat of a. mouutainec-r was drawn down over ills forehead. But his clear, j strong eyes were visible, gleaming in the dim j light. i lie crossed tho room toward the- fire, Hiili j gazing nt hc-r face. When he came to tho chair which tho had arranged before the hearth, his eyes suddenly shifted and fell) upon the picket lying over tho back, lie lifted it up end heid it at | arm’s length for an instant, glancing back j and forth from her face to it with a peculiar j I smile. Then his jaws came together with a j snap, aad gripping it tight in his great j hands, he tore it to pieces. And the eouud j of that rending was strangely horrible to He brushed the chair to one side and came nearer to the fire. He did not notice the slippers, and iho heels of his great heavy boots came down upon their soft leather, crushing it like paper. Then he Etcod still, and looked at her and waited. At last she found voico to speak, and tho I words, to her own surprise, seemed to be ut | t-ered wih porfeot calmness, I “ You have come to kill me.” ! The man started back. i j “ Ha! So that, is what you were thinking.! [ . . . Helen, how little you know me I” He drew his hand down tho edges of the rough besrd, watching her with n quiet, nl ! most gentle geze. And a great part of her terror suddenly disappeared. If her life were spared, she could certainly .warn her lover in time to save him. “ Only cowardskiil women,” he said. “ Then what is it—why are you hero ?” For answer, he looked down at tho torn fragments of the garment at his feet, and then through the open door up the road. I “ I understand,” she said, almost fiercely; “ you intend to kill—him" "It would not be strange if I wished to take his life,” ho said; “the recompense1 would be small enough. Think of how inuoh more than life he robbed mo, when ho lured you away.” ,5He did not lure mo,” she answered, quickly; “ I loved him.” "Yes. I believe that you did.’’ “ I love him now,” eho burst out, pas j sionotcly—“ a thousand times better, if that were possible, than I did when, we—we came here. Life for mo bolds nothing but tbis love—all the rest is gone. Yet I am happy —you can not understand—I cannot tell Bhe stopped, for his face wore n grim and j terrible smile, visible even under tbe heavy | “1 have no doubt that you were happy,” said he, " though it is quite probable, as you siy, that I fail to comprehend it.” After a I moment’s eilcnre, be continued : " Helen,! j this is a scene which I have often pictured to i myself during tho past two years—when I | should etand face to face with you and lieten I to what you have to say in defence of your self and of him. I am ourious to hear it all. Wil you not go on ?" i He waited, but ehe did not speak. “ Come. Yon say that you loved him and that you were happy. Well, that iB some thine. Wlist else have you to offer?” "Perhaps I was unkind to you. I did not 11 Or ifc^ may be that you felt I was not Ulisting j Gu as I should have done 2” “ Oh, Poilip, spare me 1" He pushed up his hat and passed his large, bronzed hand over his forehead, smoothing cut the savago wrinkles with which it was corrugated. His faco was calm and_stern— without auger, but also without pity; and sho, looking up through the fingers with w'nieh she had half-covered her eyes in an instinctive gesture of shame, felt her heart sink anew. '■ It is strange, very strange,” said he, She saw in his eyes what ho was about to say, and, lowering her liandB from her face, looked steadily at him. “ It ia strange, Helen, that I should have loved you so well during these years we have been separated—and that I should fit:!! love you so well.” “Yes; you must love me, indeed,” she said, bitterly. “ I do, indeed,"be replied; “ you have just said that I could not understand how happy you have been—and are. Perhaps you can j not understand in what way Hove you.” j “ I can understand how yon wouid show j it. Daring these years you have hunted | everywhere to find me, that you might de j eiroy my happiuoss. At list you are sucecss j ful-” “Atlast—yes—as you say." “And you will kill him—I know that you can kill him; and you aro strong and he is “ Yes," he interrupted, his face blazing again with the fury of hate, "I could kill him. 1 might meet, him down the road—it | is growing dark. 1 could seize the bridle of his horse, before he discovered me, and drag him down from the saddle. Then, with this knife I-” the words ended in a long hiss. His rage did not frighten her ns his calm ness did. The picture which he drew was horrible enough; but it had somehow been familiar to her thoughts from the first moment when she had discovered tho dog. Her anger rose with his, and, springing out of the chair, sho confronted him with a de fiant, unfeminine sneer.. “ Yet you say that you love me, and you know that this man controls all my happi ness in life.” He stared at her blankly for an instant, as if suddenly recalled to the situation. When he smoke his voire was quiet and sad. “Yes,” he said, “you are right. It is so. He controls your happiness.” Something in the tone with which he spoke caused her to add, quickly ; “And I do not lour io trust him with it." “ Air,” he said ; “ that seems to come from “Tuc-n i am afraid that \ have more to tell you than 1 supposed.” She laughed Ecorrifully. “ J can imagine what you would say—that lie will tire of me and-" “ Sit down and listen." It v;as a command, not a request, and it | crushed tho words back into her throat. She j “Print let me correct a little mistake,” | said he ; “ it may not seem important, yet it I will serve to make, yon understand my ao | tions better. You say that I have epont ail j of there years searching for you, and have t iust found you.” » Y.-s.” " Tell me what became of the dog which ho formerly owned.” She started and looked at him with won dering eyes. “It was killed one nrght Boon aftei» wo ermehcre by some strange animal.” “ By Viking I” She drew in her breath, with a short, quick gash, and repeated, in a whisper : “ Viking 1” “ Yes. Now tell mu this. Q'he eat's-eye, which I gave to you and you had set in a ring for him—where is it 2” “ He was robbed—cijcnrago-” she began, faintly, and be interrupted. “ He was set upon late at night on the road near the town, was he not, by a masked highwayman 2 Did he not describe the man to you—a great, strong follow, silent as a ghost ? As'for the ring-” lie stretched out his clenched hand under her face, and from ono of tho hairy fingers the cai’a-eyc lee:. ;1 up at her. “ While you have breu living out ycur brief span of happiness here,” said he, draw ing back his hand, “ Viking e.’td I have been quietly watching you fr.m the mountains above. His dog hampered my movements, eo I had Viking kill him. Often at night, when you and lie spent the evening to gether by this fire, I gazed on you through that window. You r eed not start and look around. I am here now, cot there. For some reason, I could not endure it that ho should wear that ring—so I stopped him on the road and took it away. “ \Yhy did I spare his life? Why have I, through all this time, looked upon his happiness as a damned soul watches one in Paraciso ? His death was from tho first decreed in my heart, but I have been content to allow the sentence to remain suspended. A hundred times he has come within reach of my arm—and I have drawn back and Baid ‘Not yet.’" Ho stopped suddenly, and ehe, hanging upon his words, could not but Btammer the duesiion: “For what'reason ?” “ Because your happiness depended on him—and I loved you. As long os he was true to you, he ehould suffer no harm from “ Then what brings you now 2” Fie gazed long and fixediy at her without replying. Presently he Baid : “ Can it be that you have no suspicion “ Suspicion of him ? None,” she said, proudly. “Strangs! But now I remember that two years ago I myself had no thought—” \- “trust him, for I know that he loves “ Yes, and I once trusted him for the samo poor reasoD. Now, listen : yon rarely go to the town below, raid you do. not know how his time is spent.” “That is true." “But I have those tbero who watch his every movement. I myself, in disguise, have often been near him for hours at a time. I know—and you do not. Now tell me, Helen, in the years that we were together—hus band and wife—did I ever seek to deceive 9 “ No, Philip,” she said, breathlessly. :_“ “ Then you may know that you bear the" truth from me now. Tbia man no longer loves you; he has not been true to you. For some timo he has been planning to go with a woman of the village back to-” “It is false 1” . “ It is true 1 This very night “ It is false 1 I will not believe it—I will not listen to it.” Sho loaped from her chair and started across the room toward tha door. Ho grasped her hand and held her-firmly. “ You shall listen. It is part of your punishment. This man, for whom you so j readily sacrificed everything, has tired of! you, and would throw you aside, aa you would a flower that has lost its perfume. Ho would desert you—abandon you—aa you did me. His plans were formed some weeks J ago, and this iB the night that he set for his departure.” j He paused for a moment. “ Well,” she said, calmly. “ You do not believe me?” “No.” i “ Yet you say I never told you anything that was false.” “ Never, until now.” Ho laughed savagely. “ Well,” bo said, “ the proof of all this is not far away. You are expecting him “ Every minute.” . — “ He will not come. Helen, he will never come to you again.” “Ha,” sbe cried out, with a sudden scream ; “ listen—listen 1 Do you not hear it—the hoof-beats of his horse 2 He ia com ing-coming now!” Sho struggled to wrench her arm free from his grasp. He^lodsed bis hold and stepped to the door, It bad grows quite dark without, though the moon was slowly rising above the tops of the trees, “ Viking,” he called aloud to the dog; “ charge—down I” The auimal crouched lower among the flowers over the dark object that he 5 guarded. | Sbe continued to repeat: “ tie is coming—ho is coming,” as though her poser o£ thought could not pass beyond the one idea. The man turned baok toward ihe centre of the room. Suddenly, with a suppressed cry, Ebe fell on her knees at his feet, her hands clutching the folds of his long coat. “My God I” she eoreained; “I had for gotten. He comes to his death. You are waiting to kill him. Oh, Philip “Hush, woman!” ho cried; “it is not he!” The sound of the hoofs of the galloping horse camo nearer. “ I know that it is. It must he. Promise mo that you will spare him. You are ! wrong, I tell you. lie loves me, and is true 1 to me. And he is coming back. Only spare j his life—I will be your slave-” i He tore her hands loose from his coat,and, I lifting her to her feet, pushed her back into I the chair near the fire. ! “Listen—listen,” he eaid; “I will pro j mite yon this. Whoever comes shall depart i unharmed by me. Do you understand ?” | She bowed her head, trembling. The I rider had come into the yard and was dis mounting near the door. The bright light of the hearih-stone shone out over a small ! space on the verandah, toward which Eho j turned her eager eyeE. ,x “ But this is not your lover,” he said, in a low whisper, Ho camo to the door juat as the rider’s foot grated upon the step. She, listening, presently heard the sound of a strange voice. Some one bring ing a note for her ? From him 1 She Btsrted up, her hands pressed together, and her heart beating wildly with an an guishing dread. Wbat did it mean 1 Nov/ the rider mounted egain, and there wso again the thud of the hoof beats. They passed down the road, growing fainter— fainter—in the still air. Through the open dcor Bha could see beyond the fire-lighted fioorof the porch, out under the trees. There was a great round spot of white where the strong moonbeams centred through an opening in the branobes. How round it was, and how white ! It was odd that it should form that circle just where the dog lay. And the katydid’s note was so sbrill, but all else eilent. ... At last I Ilia dark face appeared again in the doorway. In his baud he held a small white envelope extended toward her. She longed to reach out and grasp it; but her will seemed unequal to the task of lifting her “ Here," he oaid ; “this ic for you to j read. Shall I make aliuht?” I “ The fire—I can see,” she muttered, | feebly. i She followed him nearer to the flames. I He pushed the note into her hand, and with j trembling fingers she Bought to remove the I envelope. j “Let mo take it,” ho said, and in a mo ment tho ebreds or the envelope were flutter ing to the floor. “Now read." She took the letter from, his hand and held the opened sheet so that the fire- light shone foil upon it. As her oyes fell upon the first words, she nhivered anti then cringed as if under the blows or a whip. “ Go on,”he cried; “ read all that he has to say.” But she did not hear him. Her oyt-H were dizzily following the lines down the page. “Now you will understand why bis sentence is no longer suspended, and why I am hero to- night.” The paper dropped from her hands, and she looked up at him. “ Come,” hesaid, hoarsely ; “ there is oua thing more. Get up I Ha, you Bhall come if I must drag you. You need not struggle. There, do you see in tho moonlight—out of the way, Viking !—do you see it 1—joins closer to the edge or the poich—Iris- white iscu turned upward among the flowers? I killed him ociy an hour ago, and brought him here.— to you. “ Corns, Viking 1 Let us go back to our mountains.” 