IfE WIZARD'S T270WERt. (From CasselWs Saturday Journal.) cH?PTER I. Graystone Grange, the ancient seat of the Quennell family, of which I, Marmina duke Quennel, am the present unworthy representative, is a quaint old mansion, with three special claims to distinction; a Moat, a Ghost, and a Secret. With regard to the ghost, 1 must candidly admit that I havenever seen it myself, and on the rare occasions when it has " manifested" of late years it has hardly seemed to know its own mind, appearing at one time as a lady in black, with her hair down; and at another as an elderly gentleman wearing a blue seas with brass buttons; neither of which characters accords with the traditional aspect of the genuine Graystone ghost, which is that of a mailed crusader. The last authenticated instance of its appear ance in proper form was in the case of Roger Quennell, a Roundhead ancestor of ours, who took upon himself to change the family name from De Quesnel, its ancient spelling, to its present comparatively vulgar form. The ghost appeared to him (so runs the legend), and he died a lunatic; but whether the ghost really visited him to protest against his unwarrantable inter ference with our patronymic, or whether such visit was the cause of his subsequent insanity, I will not undertake to decide. In point of fact, I have not a very implicit belief in the ghost. The monat, on the other hand, is an undoubted fact: an item of the family dignity which no true Quennell would dream of surrendering any more than any true Quennell will admit that it has anything to do with the rheumatism which is also a portion of the family inheritance. 1 fear that I myself am but a degenerate Quennell, for I must own to having felt occasional doubts on the subject, though I would perish rather than admit the fact to any member of the household. The moat, with the water-lilies floating on its surface, and the walls of the Grange rising grey and grim behind it, may be seen by any curious person who cares to step aside a few hundred yards from the high road leading from Hailsham to Winterbourne. But the curious person, save for good and euffi cient cause shown, penetrates no further. The Quennells have ever been aself-secluding race, choosing their own company, and by no means given to that excess of liberality which throws open so many English manor-houses as show-places, free to all comers. The drawbridge has re. mained down and the portcullis raised for many generations ;but the sturdy porter at the gate and the deep-mouthed mastiff, Boanerges, whose kennel lies just within. have ashort and sharp way with intruders, who rarelylinger to argue the question with them. The Grange, externally, is a large quad rangular building, with a turret at each corner. Itsouter walls rise sheer from the waters of the moat, the only approach being by the bridgealready mentioned. Crossing the bridge, and passing, by favour of Boanerges, under the great gateway, the visitor finds himself in an openspace, with a close-cut lawn and a moss-covered sun.dial in the centre. Facing the gateway, a broad oaken door leads into a square entrance hall garnished with stags' heads and tro phies of ancient armour. There are corri. dors leading right and left,and at the rear a massive oaken staircase, giving access to the principal bedrooms. To the immediate right and left of the entrance hall lie the dining and drawing and sundry smaller rooms. Proceeding along the right- hand corridor, and turning a corner, the visitor reaches the Chapel, which occupies the greater part of the right wing of the build ing, while the corridor to the left leads to the servants' hall and offices, above which are the sleeping-chambers appropriated to thatportion of the household. Next tothe chapel, and occupying the remaining por tion of the right wing, comes the Library a lofty room, with a gallery round three of its sides, and furnished with a large and varied collection of books in every depart ment of literature. Beneath the chapel is an extensive crypt, which serves as a burial place for the departed Quonnells, for, by aocient custom, the members of the family sake their last home within the walls of the Grange. This particular custom arose probably from the fact that the Quonnells from time immemorial, have been members of the Roman Church, and have ever since the so doing has been permissible by law (indeed, earlier, if old tales be true) main tained within their walls a priest of their own persuasion as their chaplain. It was therefore not unnatural that they should receive the last offices of their Church within their own demesne, and that after death their bones should rest in the keeping of their ancestral home. stead. The portion of the quadrangle on either side the entrance is occupied by the coach house and stables, and by a large and lofty apartment, known in ancient times as the guardroom, but at present used as a store house for orage. Above the gateway, and approached by a spiral staircase opening beside it, rises a massive square tower, two storeys high; and above this, at one corner, a lofty turret. 'This tower, generally known as the Wizard's Tower, had been used in bygone days by one Sir Gregory Quennell as an observatory and laboratory, and from that circumstances derived its peculiar appella tion. The small oaken door at the foot of the stair was always kept locked, and the key in the possession of the headof the house for the time being, though such precaution against intrusion was scarcely needed, for the tower had an uncanny reputation, and few of the household would of their own free will have ventured into it, even by day, light, still less after dusk. The departed Gregory Quennell, as I have said, had a passion for the physical sciences, and his less instructed contempo raries suspected him--as was the manner in those days - of dealings with a persoa?ge unmentionables dubbed hm a wizard, and avoided him aceordingly, There was a sort of tradition in the family that Sir Gregory did not die after the usual and accepted manner, but was "feftched;" and that his wealth, which was large, had at the same time dis appeared" Shere was justthus much to support the legend; that no coffin bearing Sir Gregory's name was to be found in the crypt. This fact I could myself vouch for, having veri fled it, as a boy, by a private visit of inspection, in company of Andrew, the old major- domo, who kept the kIeys, and who, after much presistent entreaty, was at last prevailed on to givo me a sight of the Family catacomb. The coffins, of lead- lined oak, were all visible, and by the aid of our lanterns their name-plates could be read without difficulty. De QUesnelsand Quennells of every generation were there, but no Gre gory Quenneoll was to he feond among that silent company. It was curious, too, that in the family pedigree, which was preserved in the library though a certain Gregory tuennoll figured as eldest son (born January ~0, 1724) of Oliver Quennell and Dorothy his wife, and on the death of Oliver Quennell in 1757 presumably became head of the house, there was no further entry respecting him. This fact also I had verified for myself, and it caused me, in my earlier life, much curious speculation. fy the time, however, that I arrived at man's estate, I had ceased to concern myself much about the matter, having made up my mind that Gregory Quennell had probably died abroad, or under some circumstances which had pre vented precise knowledge of the fact or of his place of interment. This simple ex-. planation, however, found no credence with the rest of the household. In my early boyhood I remember that it was more than once reported among the servants, in aweatruck whispers, that a light had been seen in the Wizard's Tower; and in those days I rarely crossed the quadrangle after dark without a quick, timid glance at the narrow windows, to see whether there were any signs of the precence of my mysterious ancestor. The surroundings of my boyhood, in truth, tended to foster a morbid belief in the supernatural. In summer time, with the sun shining on its high- pitched roof and on the ivy and wisteria that draped its red Ibriok walls, the Grange was a delightful placeof residence; but in gloomy weather, and especially after dusk. there was some thing decidedly uncanny about it. The long, draughty corridors, in which a door would open or close of its own accord, as if moved by unseen bhnds; the many un occupied rooms, scarce trodden by foot of man from year's end to year's end, some of them hung with mildewed tapestry, the work of fingers that had been dust, and of needles that had beon rust, for generations past; the grey towel with the locked door at its foot, neveropened within my juvenile memory; the dim, solemn chapel, with its mouldering oak and crumbling stone; and, above all, the still, silent moat, with the pensive willows drooping over its edge, and its cold, green waters lapping the external walls: all theose made up a combination which might have sorely tried the nerves of an imaginative child. Happily I was not highly imaginative. In extreme youth the eels and the water rats-in both of which the moat abounded -frightened me a little; but as I grew up, the sporting instinct natural to the British mind asserted itself; and when I once began to set night-lines for the eels, and my terrier, Bob, at the water-rats, the quiet water lost all its terrors and became a happy hunting-ground, where I was nearly as much at home as the swans that floated on its surface. I lost my mother at an early age, and was brought tip by liss Lettice Quennell, a maiden sister of my father's, who resided with us; the task of my education being entrusted to Father Philpot, the chaplain -a kindly old priest, with a clear, rosy complexion, a twinkling eye, and close cut, silver-grey hair. The Sunday services in the chapel were by ancient usage open to the inhabitants of the adjoining village, and tradition states that they used in bygone days to be well attended. A notice-board intimating that Mass would be celebrated in the lchapel of the Grange at certa-n specified times, and that the chaplain would aftbr each service hear con fessions in the sacristy, still hung beside the gateway. But of late years the attend ance of outsiders had fallen to zero, and the inscription had grown fainter and fainter till it was all but illegible. Mlr Gilbert says, of a certain Utopian parish "The common country folk of this insipid neighbourhood Have nothing to confess; they're so ridicu lously good." I don't think that could have been the reason of the falling-off in the case of our rustics, for the two items of beer and pro fanity (not to mention more amiable weak nesses) would alone have afforded ample scope for self- accusation. Father Pililpot, good, easy man, did not trouble himself much about the matter. He punctually performed his duty in the chapel on Sundays and Saints' days, and, was ever willing to give spiritual advice and absolution to any who desired them; but he was not of a proselytising dis position, and if the country people did not seek him, he was not at all the man to seek them. The greater part of his time was spent in the library, of which he was at once the custodian and the chief user. My father gave him free permission to order such books as he pleased, and he made free use of the permission. Scarcely a week passed without the arrival of a fresh supply from London, and few works of note issued from the press without sooner or later finding their way to our book shelves. The family circle which assembled each evening was a very quiet one, consisting usually of my father, my aunt Lettice, FatherPhilpot, and myself. The chaplain I have already described, My father was tall, thin, and gray haired, with as grave, thoughtful face, and a slight stoop. He was very short sighted, and his gold spec tacles seemed almost a part of himself, for I do not remember ever to have seen him without them. My aunt Lettice was also tall, thin, and grey haired, but carried her self with uncompromising uprightness. Like her brother she was very short sighted, but she had an unconquer able aversion to spectacles, which were replaced in her case by a double eyeglass. She had an intense belief in the grandeur and dignity of the house of Quonnell, and for years had striven, in vain, to induce my father to revert to the original spelling of the family name. I know, on the testimony of her blotting pad, that she was in the habit of practising the signature "Lettice de Quesnel," and I believe that, in writing to strangers, she actually made use of it, for letters oc casionally arrived addressed to her under that name. She invariably wore a black, lace shawl, and a cap to match, adorned with a rose in summer and ia bunch of chrysanthemums in winter. WYith many weakneses , she was a very kind old lady, and it would ill-become me, her cherished nephew, to lay undue stress on her little peculiarities. With regard to myself, there is really nothing to describe. I am of medium height, tolerably active; neither good-looking nor ill-looking; neither specially clever nor particularly dull. I haven't even, as Aunt Lettice now and then regretfully remarks, the Quen nell nose. The organ in question is a large and prominent aquiline, and is a kind of heirloom in the family. My nose, on the contrary, is inherited from my mother, and is of a decidedly tip-tilted type. My deficiency in this particular is Ia great trial to my aunt, but I am consoled by ob serving that the family organ has a ten dency to deteriorate in later life, growing sharp on the bridge and red at the tip, and I therefore accept my dogeneracy with calm resignation. By way of com pensation, perhaps, I am spared the family short-sightedness, which fact must be placed to the credit side of my account. Our party eas occasionally reinfored by the presence of the vicar, the local lawyer or doctor-for even moats will not keep out law or physic-or one or two of the county gentlemen. This, however, was au excep. tional state of things. For the greater partof tbe yer our pirty was limited to our own family circle. 'We dined together in somewhat gloomy state, for gas was un known at the Grange, and the tall candles which served to illuminate tile dinner table cast but foew rays beyond leaving the r-st of the great room wrapped in a sort of murky twilighlt,through which.the two grey-beaded serving men appeared and disappeared, ratlher then cagle and went in the ordisary mundane faslhion, One of these, Andrew, the butler, was the oldest inhlabitant of the Grange. He had grown up in the service of the family, and as a boy had seen my father christened, by the predecessor of Father Philpot, in the ancient chapel. Jaspor, the second torvant, had entered the service of the family at c later date; though hie, too, had spent some forty years of hbls life within the Grange. 'Iho house keeper, Qame Quince, a portly matron, always attired in black satin, with a bunch of keys at her girdle, lad nearly as long a record, and under her command were some half dozen other servants of various ldegree; all, howeyer of a discreet age and sober carriage, anS all, without exceptionstaunch i Catholics, as befitted the retainers of al Catholic house. We hpd no opecial aver sion to heretics, as witness the friendship i of my father for the doctor and tihe vicar, but none save those of the ancient faith ware permitted to be members of ourhouse hold. Dinner over, we ejssally adjourned, notto the larger drawing-room, where our little party would again have made but anislgond of light in a sea of gloom, but to asmaller chamber, known as the ladies drawing-room whicl had more modern appointments, and generally a more hIbitalile air, than thie rest of the apartments in the .rapgo. This, anda small room adjoning bhe dinipg-hall, and called (why, I know not) the study, were the usual aittingl-rooms of the family ; the larger rooms being better adapted for state apartments than for thie requirements of every day life. Here we gathered, in winter round the fires in summer in the embrasure of a deep bay window, looking across the moat, through a gap in the willows, to a range of wooded hills. After dinner my father would trifle for a little while with the SqlurdaUy Rfciew the Tablet, or one of the current magazines; but he was never a great reader, and after a quarter of an houror so he would gener ally throw down the book or paper, and challenge Father Philpot or myself to a game at backgammon, or the company generally, to a rubber at whist. We played an old-fashioned style of game, and I dareosay some of our manners and customs would hares horrified the highly scientific whist- players of the present day; but, within the limits of the game as we knew it, constant practise had made us pretty good players, and we could tell nearly as well at the close of a hand where a given card ought to lie as "Cavendish" himself, I myself preferred chess, which Father Philpot-himself a fine player-had taught me, and I had practised until, now and then, I had the good fortune to beat my mstructor. Aunt Lattice's preference was rather for piquet or scarfs, at both of which games my father also was a skilful player. Father Philpot played all games of a sedentary character, and mostly wall. He was also a capital player at bowls, and many a pleasant summer evening have we spent in this manner, the close-cut lawn of the quadrangle making an admirable bowl ing green. Such were the surroundings amid which I grew to man's estate. I had received at the hands of Father Philpot a sound classical and mathematical education, supplemented by a pretty wide course ot reading, for I was nearly as great a book worm as my instructor himself. I used to ride and walk,and sometimes fish or shoot,in the neighboorhood of the Grange.' I had been once or twice to London, under the care of Father Philpot, and I had now and thenvisited some very quiet watering-place, where we went into apartments, and mixed as little as possible with other visitors. Of the great world at large I know absolutely nothing. A dull, dreary Life, it would seem; but I was not conscious of its dulness ; and indeed its gloom was but as the darkness of the cloud before the lightning flash. Few lives, however eventful, have been illumined by so startling-so unheard of an experience as that which I propose, in the coutse of the following pages, to describe. eiAr'TEn II. The reader may remember that I men tioned that, in addition to the moat and the ghost, the Grange possessed a Secret. At what stage of my boyhood I first heard the subject spoken of I cannot now re member; but I seem to have grown up with the knowledge that there was some sort of mystery connected with the family. Even outside the walls of the Grange I have heard the "Quennell Secret" alluded to by the country folk, and at the age of fourteen or fifteen I tried to get some light on the subjectby questioningAndrew, who, as being the oldest inhabitant, seemed to me the most likely parson to give me the desired information. I did not, how ever, get much satisfaction. Andrew was extremely guarded in his replies. He either did not know or would not tell any thing about the matter. Foiled in this direction, I next tried Dame Quince, but with little more success. "Lor bless 'ec, Master Marmaduke, who ever has been putting that nonsense into thy head. Secret, indeed I Apack o' rub bish." But I noticed a meaning glance pass between the good lady and Jasper, who chanced to bepresent, and I was more than e\ er convinced that there was a secret, but tlha I was not to be permitted to share it. 1 had some thoughts of interrogating Aunt Lettice, but an instinctive conviction that had she known it it would long since have ceased to be a secret made me abandon that idea. Not to be beaten, I next tried Father Philpot, and his answer, for the time, put a stop to my enquiries. " My son," he said, putting his hand gravely upon my head, "if there is any secret connected with the family, rest assured that you, as the son of the house, will know it in good time. Meanwhile, wait patiently. Do not attempt prematureol to gain knowledge which may be for good cause withheld from you, and still less discuss sue4 matters with other persons. You are well aware that nophingannoys your father so much as having the affairs of the family made the subject of idle gossip." The good father's manner wvs so grave, and I knew so well my father's extreme dislike of chattering tongues, that I henceforth religiously refrained from making any further enquiry on time matter, and whenever it was after wards alluded to in my hearing, I treated it itas a foolish fiction, and dismissed the subject wgith apparent indifference. My curiosity,' however, was by no means abated. Father Philpot's reply tacitly admitted, as it seemed to me, that there was a secret to be told, and I often found myself speculating as to its probable natpre. My random guesses, however, brought me no nearer to the truth, and thus matters stood until I was twenty-two years of age, when my father was struck down, for the second time, by a paralytic stroke. The attack passed off as the former one had done, but it left him much en feebled, and he was warned by the doctors that lie might at any time have a third seizure, which would probably prove fatal. One morning, shortly after his recovery, he told me that he desired a little conver sation with me in the library. I was some what surprised at the request, and still more so when, on reaching the library, he carefully locked the door. He placed himself in one of the great leather- covered arm-chairs, and motioned me to another. " Marmaduke," he said, after a slight pause, "you. have arrived at what are called years of discretion. I am about to put your discretion to the test by entrusting you with the knowledge of a very im portant matter connected with our family. I would willingly have delayed the com ulunication a year or two longer, but the doctor warn me that my days on earth are drawing to a close, and therefore I am bound to make the disclosure. You may possibly have heard folks speak, in idle gossip, of what is called the ! Quennell Secret'." " I have heard itsaid that there is some sort of secret connected with our family," I replied, "but I know no more." "'T'hat is just the limit of the popular knowledge of the subject. I don't know, indeed, how even that much shlruld have got abroad, but it had done so even before my time. However rumour is right, so far. 'There is a secret-a very remarkable secret-connected with our house. But the secret itself has never been known to more than three persone; the head of the houae,his heir presyt?lpive, and the chaplain for the time bring. At tho present tim9 Father Philuot and myself are its soledepositaries. Shortly before his death my father com municated it to me, as his father commu nicated itto him, and so it hap been passed on from father to son. I am bound, in the first place, to require your word of honour not to reveal it to any one save to your eldest son, or to tihe chaplain for the time being. In your case, as it happens, there is little need for such a pledge, but I am bound to demand it. You give me your word ?" " I do," I as,d, my heart throbbing with excitement at the thought that I stood upon the threshold of the mystery that had puzzled me for so many years. "Good. In the ordinary course of events you will not have very long to keep your pledge. You have heard queer rumours, I daressay, about a certain ancestorof ours, Sir Gregory Quennell." " I know that there was some mystery about his death. I have noticed that there is no mention of his diseare in the pedi gree-roll, and that there is no coffin baring? his naOeO ii the crypt' " . "'Abe!" sai ? y father, bending his eyes keenly upon me; i'you kIow that, do you? And you have wondered, no doubt, at their absence d"t "I have puzzled over it occasionally," I admitted. "o'ou might puzzle for a long time before you would bit on the true explanation. Sir Gregory's death is not recorded, and his colffin does not rest in the crypt, because he is not dead." "Not dead!" Isaid. "Sir Gregory not dead ! Why if he were alive, lie would be a hbn red rend fifty years old." 5 Did not rlie, ppFlraps I should rather have said. What his uresent state may be remains to be decided.' " "You surely don't mean-" I said, my mind reverting involuntarily to the popular legend as to his disappearance. "Do not trouble yourself with guesses," said my father, mistaking the cause of my hesitation. " The reality is stranger than your wildest imagination could conjecture. Listen. Sir Gregory, as you may possibly have heard-for so much of the vulgar rumour is well founded--was an ardent student of the occult siencess. Ie had spent many years of his life in the search for the philosopher's stone, wherewvith to turn base metal into gold. I need not say hIe didn't find it, but in the course of his studies he made many curious discoverieso and among others hIe found out, or be lieyed he Ihad found out, a process whereby life could he kept in abeyance, s to speak, for an unlimited period. Dinappointed in his endeavours to makegold, ho determined to acquire riches by another method, the strangest, surely, that ever entered into the brain of man. He had reached sixty, and was a strong, healthy man, with a fair expectation of ten or a dozn more years of life before him. He determined to post pone the enjoyment of those remaining years. He divided his fortune into two equal portions. One half he banided over in his lifetime to Geoffrey Quennell, his nephew and expectant heir, who, as you may be aware, succeeded him as the head of the house. The other half of his possessions he placed out at interest to accumulate till he should require them again. Then with the assistance of a trusted servant, he passed away from life, not, however, into death, but in a solt of a trance, which has now endured for nearly a hundred yearp. When the hundied years shall have fully expired, 'which event will happen in about two years from'this time,it will be myduty,if [ am stillliving,or yoers, if I am gone, to take the necessary steps for his resuscitation. By that time the reserved half of his fortune, in itself a large sum, will have accumulated, it is estimated, to the amount of some millions, and this he pledges himself, by the docu ment which I am about to show you, to divide with the fortunate Quennell who shall be the instrument of his restoration to vitality." (To be continued.) 