1 ; S A B'BA T H - S E RV I C5'EB':: I'- ' : Y , FRESilYTERIAN CHOROH. i 'Y/:-::;,!'. The Uev Dr M'Oay preached on lstCorih- thians xiii., verso 13— " Arid now abidblh faith, hppe;.lqye and the. greatest of those is love,!! -. ,The apostle contrasts the gifts, . of which thoYCorinlliians were proud, with the Christian \- graces which all might share. The gifts were of value.in'tho'sight of God only, on condition ; of th'eir being'used in tho service of men, under the impulse of a Christ-like -love! The moBt coveted gifts .of the early Church would pass away,' either, in the course of its' 'earthly history' or in the eternal1 world, but' the graces' of faith, hope and lovo would endiiro for over. Although the subject of the .futuro stato .of Christinus is not directly discussed hero, it is obyjously suggoated, and' a certain amount of light is thrown on its character. It is. true that the. apostle confesses that our knowledge; of it is partial and obscure. He compares it . to the knowledge and feolings of A child as contrasted with those of a man; Still, it is true-knowledge, and useful at our present stage of development. "AVe see as through a glass darkly but we do see. If the revolation' is not "clearer; it fa not because God is unwilling to reve4T,'bjat bocause we are unable to comprehend. Wo believe it is.A mark , of the inspiration of tlio sacred vvritprAthat tlioy do not givo voiu toimagiiui.tibri, ' or attbnipt to picture the details of future life after the man-' ner. of uninspired, men.- Some hints, in seripturo euablo us to porccive that this inode of Existence In a future state will bo-such as we aro at.present, un able to form a.elear conception of. When Paul de1 clares that ' flesh And blooil cannot inherit the Kingdom of God," this, implies a cessation of all that. kind of life which men live now, so far as it consists in sustaining and providing for mere, phyisi-' cal wants. There will bo A, body,' but even that Is. to be spiritual, . But as Clirist vvas,'t|io A'u'me after the resurrection iii feejing null sympathy as before,- and .remains tho sairio for ever, so the Christian- will carry with him' tlie faith that here united him to Christ, tlie liopo that rests thrpiigh; Him, ou God, and tho lovo that is ready to' blew" his fellows. , Of these three, the grandest is love, for- in it is seen tlio image of Christ Himself j nay, oyen of God, of whom it is doclared that Ho is . love. In Heavoii, love is cuthroucd in the Pcrsou of tho Redeemer, and regulates the whole activities of tlio rodeemed. , . ( ; , ,.. bilRIST ClIUROII. / . . The Rev E. A, Crawford preached' on :6pnday morpiiig .(Whit .Sunday) dn " The Proniiso of )h®' Fatlidr (Acts, 1st chapter, 4th Verse).'. '-l>cnteoos6i was tho Feast of First Fruits. Afterwaraa it de- voloppd into a feast in 'honour of tlie giving of the Law from Sinai, Thoro was a fulfiluient'of each , aspeot of thn feast in tho ovents the'Chiiroh'novf commemorates, Throe thousand souls w«0 wq first fruita ,of ' the ; spiritual harvest on -that : da J, whon the nowlaw, tlionow covenant, began its cnrecr.jin-' the) world, ', ..'i'Wo- questions may ariso ab fSgardqitho signsi of ;tho Spirit's Adyont.! . It may bi asked why .was any audible or visible sign ro- quirqd , at .all ?. ..Because , the .- event was of such, fail 'portancethat'Tit 'was heedful that there jshoulil bi . rib mistake; about its having ' bcciirrpd.' If'thi " waurrhotion "was granted sensible' 7 proofs', sowafc the1 edijiing of tho Holy Ghost. - And-'ks lojtlii fitness/of.' tlio signs themselves. Wind /wns'« the naturalhgont which our Lord employed1 in 'ilhis . fRiting the fHoly Spirit's action, and in;botlrtl-Io 1 ,iiew(|ahd Greek the word for wind is the 'same as . .tjle xyord , for . spirit. Firo, too, was a, fitting |sym tili.of tlio.(zenl nud earnestness: inspired,' by .the Hojy , Spirit.; . Wo speak, of a fiery .speech; anil/say tjat auiitterarico lacks fire whon it is, deficient in " ro.wef or- spirit. " I Two ' senses! were appealed t d . for'7 a double testimony; .Tho .eyo and tli'o;veai /'iljjreed, arid tho 'saitie /Sign was given to all ailkci An appear was made oil behalf of the Chinese , iiiiai sions. j- f At' ithe,- end of eyoning- service -".God/Save \- ttie;Quedbl\\_wa's sung." i <f- r\n-'i v 5 A A t f 