Cfraxr luttkfls. I 6UN08E anybody may feel jolly at Christmas time, just as well as a Tapley. The season is so rich here in all the essentials of a happy time. The sun laughs in our faces and excites us to laughter, the flowers bloom, the birds sing, the children dance and picnic, and the old—well, the old—they live on the memories of the past, buttressed with a plentiful supply of the good things of the present. I WAS reading Dickens' great Christmas story the other day. I am the better for it. I hope Christmas stories are written every year in myriads. But few of them will live like that of Scrooge and Marley's Ghost. The thing, however, that struck me with the greatest force, more especially in the light of English and Irish poverty, was the manner in which the extreme inclemency of the British seasons add to the sum of human misery. Scrooge's clerk, poor devil, trying to warm his frostbitten fingers at a candle because his niggard master denied him a coal-fire! That is a picture at once comical and pathetic, and then the picture of the rolling fogs that fill up the streets, shut out the sickly and struggling sun, and make it dark at three o'clock in the afternoon. All this is the concomitant of a British Christmas. AND then, on top of this, just fancy that cablegram published yeBterday describing 90,000 people wanting food in the East End of London. Wonderful, isn't it, how anybody amidst these surroundings can talk about " Merry Christmas ?'' And yet they do, God bless them. They do. They not only talk about it; bat they feel it. And strange as it seems to say it—the spirit of Christmas is felt more sometimes in the cabin than in the palace— It's no in makin 1 muckle mair ; It's no in books, it's no in lair; To make us truly blest. It's no in titles nor in rank; It's to in wealth like Lunnun bank, To purchase peace and rest. Nae treasures, me pleasures Can mak' us happy lang ; The heart aye's the part aye That maks as richt orwrang. ALL but the very poorest of all scrape together a hot dinner on Christmas and it is eaten under the smile of the Christmas Spirit. This was what the Spirit of Christmas showed to Scrooge, when he stood with him in the baker's doorway and watched the innumerable people carrying away their Christmas joints. He sprinkled incense on their dinners from his torch. " And it was a very uncommon kind of torch; for once or twice when there were disputes amongst the dinner-carriers who had. jostled each other, the Spirit shed some on them from it, and good humour was at once restored, for they said it was a shame to quarrel on Christmas Day, and so it was, God love it—so it was." THBBE we have it all in a thimble. So may we have it here. I'm awfully sorry for the new strike that is upon us. It will cause many homes, to lack some comfort on the Christmas table. What a pity ! And there are the poor fellows who went out on strike six months ago, and who never got back again. How are they off P Badly, I am afraid. Mr. Hancock says the trades have subscribed very meanly, and left the men in actual want. Is that the chivalry o£ which we have heard ? If the trades are .made of such stuff as that, I'm ashamed of them. BUT for a' that, and a' that, a man's a man for a' that; and from the depths of my heart I would wish to all the readers of the Advocate, and more especially to those who take any interest in my rambling thoughts on things in general— "a good time of it." And take my affidavit for it, the man who does something, little or much, to sweeten another man's Christmas, will find his own all the brighter for it. I AM glad to be able to congratulate my old friend, Judge Hickman Molesworth, on his elevation to the Supreme Court Bench. He has been faithful and good in the Lower Court, and so the Government has said, "Friend, go up higher." And he goeth. That is his Christmas box. TOM BENT tr^ed'hard on the day when Parliament rose "to get a Christmas box for the railway employes of an extra 6d. a 4ay. Jubdhe would have got it, too, but for a'blunder. The Governor was allowed to walk in and take his seal half an hour too soon, and that stopped all business. But it surprises me, whein I see these things discussed, how men'>8 natural characteristics come out. There was Gillies, who was most anxious to give Mr. Speight an extra £1000 a year for managing the railways, stuck hard against the workmen getting an extra sixpence a day. No doubt Gillies justifies himself to himself, but then so did Satan when he defied the Omnipotent to arms. REALLY, Duncan Gillies is about the nastiest-tempered and milkiest man I know. He had seven years of office—a lion's share—and yet he has done nothing but snarl and growl and sneer ever since he was turned out. They subscribed the other night in the House, and made a presentation to Mr. Jenkins, the clerk, to celebrate his 25th year in the House. Every member was there—Gillies, too. But while all the company was jolly, Gillies sat and sulked in a corner, and refused to say a word by way of congratulation. IT was just as bad over'the Mason resignation. "When Mason gave up the post he held on the Railway Standing Committee, all the House commended him for his public spirit. Gillies uttered not a word, and L. L. Smith bawled across the chamber to him, "Haven't you got a word of praise for Mason P" The man of ice and sulks replied, " It is not necessary." Well, I don't know; Gillies may be clever, as they say. For my part, except as a debater, I have never seen it. I don't know any man who has made more glaring, mistakes, who has proved a worse leader, and a more shocking bungler in administration. Surely the proof of the pudding is in the eating. Still, even to him I would wish a " Merry Christmas;" but I can't help adding, as Mrs. Cratchitt did to Bob when Bob asked her to drink Scrooge's health, " A merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. He'll be very merry, and very happy, I've no doubt." BUT there, there's no use in my writing. People have got much better things to do than reading Tapley. If I could act the part of the Spirit of Christmas Present, and fly through the land, visiting cottage and homestead, shedding drops of incense and rays of happiness, how gladly would I do it. But printer's ink, bless you, Mr. Editor, can be skimped at this season, and I feel too jolly myself to make myself a bore to my readers. I'll add only this—" Guid nicht, and joy be wi' ye a'." TAPLBT. 