TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears ou the fourth, 'page:—Commercial, Special Cable- j grams, An Extensive Brewing Firm, China Inland Mission. Geelong Police Court, Soutli I Banvon Police Court, The Government \ GxzcMc, An Unsolved Problem in the Annals 1 of Crime. r Owing to the scarcity of fuel occasioned by the, .present great industrial crisis the ! directors of the Victorian Woolen. Mill Com pany have notified the employes, nearly 200 in number, that unless some satisfactory settlement of the strike is brought about by the end of the present, -week tliej~ "will be obliged to suspeud ox>crations. If tlie mills have to be closed through the strike consider able hardship -will ensue but the directors edit Id not afford to carry on operations -while the preseut abnormal rates for coal prevail! Tlie employes have agreed, in view of the circumstances, to do all they can to assist the company in continuing- -work at the mill, and have made an oh'erto the direc tors to contribute 5 per cent, of their wcecldy earuings towards the increased cost of fuel. The directors, who arc unwilling to take any extreme step, will consider this offer immedi ately. Mr A. E. Gommhas been appointed the local honorary correspondent of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia. Our Warrnambool correspondent tele graphed that Thos. Penberfchy, for assaulting an ! aged woman and causing licr death; -was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment with' hardlabor ; Frederick Rcilfern, for forgery, was awarded six mouths* imprisonment. On Saturday afternoon the dead body of a man unknown, was found on the beach near Point Wilson on the north shore of the bay, where it had apparently been washed up by the tide. The discovery was made by James Walsh, a grazier, who resides in the locality, and was on a shooting excursion at the time in company with a friend named Edward Smith. They did nothing more than make a general examination of the body, which was much decomposed, and Walsh lost no time in communicating with the police. Acting on instructions from Sergeant Rogers, of Geelong, Senior-constable White drove to North Shore and conveyed the remains thence to Little River, a distance of about nine miles. Yesterday Superintendent Toohey, Sergeant Rogers, Dr. Deane and Mr R. Davey, J.P., proceeded to Little River, and an enquiry into the case was held before the latter at a local hotel. Mr Walsh was ex- amined, and after describing the finding of the body, said that the deceased resembled a man who bad been in his employ about three mouths previously named James Diamond, a resident of Yarraville. Edward Smith gave corroborative evidence, but said he did not think the body was that of the man Diamond It was also mentioned that a daughter of James Diamond was married to Robert Fenton, a quarryman at Yarraville. Senior- constable White stated that he had not found anything on the body or along the shore that would assist in the identification of the deceased. The body was that of a man be- tween 6O and 70 years of age, 5ft. 10in. in height, and was dressed in a dark striped tweed suit. The head was partly bald, and the deceased wore a full, gray beard. Dr. Deane said there were no marks of violence on the body, and death had apparently been caused by drowning. A verdict of found drowned was given, and Sergeant Rogers wired to the Yarraville police to ascertain whether the deceased was likely to be the man Diamond. ' On Saturday afternoon and eveuiuga num ber of the members of the mounted rifle corps, residing in the "Warrnambool and J?eushurst districts, passed through Geelong by train to tlie metropolis. Shortly after cloven o'clock at niglit a special train from Coleraine, Hamilton and Ararat, came through Geelong with 73 representatives of the XL company of mounted rifles, represent ing Hamilton, Heywood, Coleraine and Branxholnie. These too were bound for Melbourne to relieve the riflemen who ha been waiting in readiness for action in the metropolis should scenes similar to those iu Sydney on Friday last arise. Tlie H com pany showed a good muster, - for there are only 90 effective members, although the full strength of the corps is about 120. Attached to tlie special train, wbieli did hot leave Gee long until midnight, were horse boxes con taining horses for the 73 riiiciueu. < Some comment was made by the bench at the South Barwon police court on Saturday on the large increase which has taken place of late in the business of the court. There wore no fewer than twenty cases on the day's list, but as many of these had either been settled or. withdrawn, tlie work of the court wasconsiderahly lightened. SergeantDawson, who performs the work of a clerk of courts, as well iis his police duty, was complimented by the bench for the satisfactory manner in which business had been, conducted- . As the sergeant is insufficiently paid for the clerical workreferred to it; is understood that his claims to. an increase in his allowance will he laid before the Government.' "We learn. from a correspondent that, for the past three or four weeks, the ■ weir dam across the Moorabot'l river near Balkan, from: which an auxiliary supply of . water .to the Stony Creek reservoir is obtained, has been filled to overflowing. The flow of water over the coping' wall of the dam Is said to.be several inches deep, and, at a rough calculation, 15 millions .of gallons of water per week arc I rnmiiug to wa^te. It is pointed out tliat if | the present earthenware pipes were dupli cated there would he no difficulty in obtain ing from the weir dam over five million gallons of water per week instead of 2-J millions. The earthenware pipes are not, however, a success, and if iron pipes were used the supply of water from the dam would be | trebled. This aspect of the water supply question as alfectiug Gecloug should not be lost sight of by the conference composed of representatives ' from the local municipal | bodies interested. About the 14th inst. a case of house-breaking occurred at Geelong, and property was stolen to the value of about £11. For some reason (writes the Chronicle) suspicion fell on a young man named Charles Young, who was known in the Camperdown district. The particulars were published in the Police Gazette, and from the description therein given, the local police, on Thursday, arrested Young on suspicion. The prisoner was brought before Mr J. Walls, J.P., on Friday morning, and remanded to Geelong. It is the intention of the railway contractors, Messrs Buscombc, Chappel and Bell, to | run a passenger carnage between Camper- , down and Cobden. The carriage (says the Chronicle) will be attached to the ballast train, and it will, no doubt, be largcly-patro - nised, especially dining the approaching spiring and summer seasons. Complaints have been made by several persons that netting is illegally carried on in the "Wcrribec river, and that owing to nets of fine mesh being used bream under the weight allowed by law have been sold in the locality and oven forwarded to Melbourne. The per sons currying on tills practice are (remarks the Aye) practically safe from detection at I present, as the mounted constable stationed | in the district has bccu called away to Mel bourne, and the local fisheries inspector is I unable to exercise sufficient supervision over the waters to put a stop) to the practice. Three years since when Mr "Win. "Walker | commenced running an omnibus between j Gecloug and the Eastern Cemetery on a Sun day afternoon, the patronage accorded for | three tripis of the vehicle amounted to 12 passengers. The traffic by 'bus steadily in- I creased and has warranted the running of | three 'busses to the cemetery of a Sunday, each veliicle niakiug three trips. Yesterday afternoon six omnibuses hud to ho used for tlio accommodation of the public, 500 piersons being couvcyed to and from the cemetery gates. The following casualties received treatment | at the hospital on Saturday Augustus An drew Anderson, a resident of Bourko Crescent, suffering from a laceration of one of his log caused by the slipippig of an axe with which | he was cutting down a free: Thomas Chapipslc, residing in Preston-street, Geelong I West, suffering from a fracture of his right | arm. ' Chappie, who is a railway cinpiloyc, received the injury while shunting at the | local station late on Saturday night. The anniversary sen-ices of the Asliliy Wesleyau Church were held yesterday. The Bev. -T. .1. Brown preached both morning and evening. At the first service his text was from Luke 12tli chap., piortion of loth vcr.: " For man's life eousisteth not in the abundance of the tilings which he piossesseth." The evening text by the same preacher was from Yehemiah 1th eliap., Gtli ver., "For the people had a mind to work." The afternoon service was conducted by the Bev. A. B. Edgar, of larra-strcet, who pireaeheil from Matthew oth chap., Kith ver. : "Let your light shine before men that they mat- see your good works, ami glorifv your Father which is in Heaven." After referring to the great responsibility of the Christian profession, the preacher proceeded to pioint out the essential features requisite to shine as lights in the world. The necessity of separating from the world and sin, of being filled with the Holy Ghost, and of constantlv heing supipilied with grace, received through prayer and obedience, were dwelt upon at length. The pireaclier 111 conclusion urged a devoted, consistent Christian walk in life as the | most impressive method of recommending Christ to perishing men. The sermons were excellent in each instance, and listened to In large congregations-. The collections for the i*y amounted to £1G 3s, 3d. The usual mini- I versarv tea and public meetings will he held j this evening. Yew shipiping articles, under which sea men, firemen, and other classes of marine | labor will he engaged in future, have been drawn up and adopted hv the steamship owners of Australasia, and will pirohahlv he piublisheil in the Molliouinc morning papers to-morrow- The new articles will assert the principle of freedom of contract, hut the present rate of wages will not he affected by them. The date on which they will come in force is not yet known. * 1 On the last voyage of the Taiyuau to Sydney eight Chinese were found stowed away in tlio refrigerating mom, and were sent hack to China. Suspicion rested on Clias. Y. Betts, second steward, and when the vessel returned to Hung Kong, as the result of an investigation, by the agents of tlio Taiyuau, he was charged with aiding and abetting to commit a breach of the Australian Chinese Kestrietiou Act. "When brought before the court prisoner confessed he had received 3G0 doLs. to assist the stow aways throughout the voyage aud get them ashore iu Sydney. On the previous voyage he had received GOO dols. for six Chinese who got safely ashore in Sydney. Prisoner was remanded for sentence. On Sunday the Aitstriau man- of-war Volt? (says the Vienna correspondent of the Dmly Slur*) loft the port of the same nuino ou a voyage * of scientific research in deep seas. The vessel's engines arc all above deckaiulthc room below has been fitted up as two labora tories—zoological ami chemical. Tour professors have beeu installed on board, and'a number of fishermen were added to the usual number of sailors. Prince Albert ofi jMouuco, with Baron Jules de Guemc, president of the Trench Zoologi cal Society, came to Pola to witness the first experiments. Ou the 9tli the first trials were made. A trawling net, made in Bostou, was lowered by means of a thick wire cable put in motion by a lever of 30 liorsc power. The net was emptied upon an oval sieve table which ottered an interesting spectacle of animal movement; with fish of all sizes, crabs, and shells, were mixed up sponges of every description. Two as big as a man's head, one of an orange color and the other black, specially iutcrcstcd the men of science. The fish had all burst open in their rapid asoeut from the depths of the sea. The Pol't will begin by coasting round tbc Ioniau Islands, and will tben proceed to the African shore at Bcngazi. The electric tramway, which was opened last year between Box Hill and Donoastcr, will be opened for traffic for the summer ou "Wednesday next. It is exx>ectcd that a new and powerful car will he placed on the track in a few weeks, which, with the present motive power, will be ample to carry thctralfic during the ensuing summer. The ship Scottish Wizard, which arrived at Adelaide a couple of days ago from Lon don, had a disastrous voyage. Tlic captain reports that on the 21st August, latitude -if, longitude 57 east, the sMp encountered a severe gale. A heavy sea broke over the stem, washing away-the man at the wheel, named John G-. Walcon, and the second mate, J. W. Addison. Tour boats were torn from the davits, and other damage of a serious nature done. In trying to clear the wreckage away auotlier tremendous sea broke over tlie vessel, and James S. Mawatfc, the cnqieutcr, Edward jVTarsden and Henry Henderson, A.B?s., were also washed away. Tone of the men were recovered. Sir Gillies has received from the Premier of Tasmania the following letter:—I have the honor to bring under your notice it Tas mauiaii Exhibition wliieh is to be held at Luunceston at the end of the present year and during the early mouths of 1S91. Although tins exhibition is not promoted by the Govern ment, tlicy tiro rendering the executive committee all possible assistance, and Parlia ment will be asked to sanction a • vote- for monetary aid. As the success of the" iindcr taking will he materially advanced by the support of the neighboring colonies, I have much pleasure in inviting the co-operatiou of your Government in securing exhibits repre sentative of Victoria; I enclose a schedule of the different sections* for "which, provision. ,wiU be made in the exhibition. ' ' * : One of the recommendations of the Coal Commission is that the Government should specially appropriate £10,000, to be advanced to eoal companies or private individuals ou tlic basis of pound for pound, to enable ihein to 01)011 up coal ,seams already discovered Tlie rccoromondation is not regarded ia j favorable light by the Government. It J. admitted there may be some justification in the State advancing money to assist in sink, ing shafts to prove the value of a Ion,; 0* lode discovered by a drill, but it is quit,. a different matter when the question (,f je'. velopiug a coal seam is taken into con sideration. Iu that case (says tlie Ay) u,,, drill proves the thickness of the seam, wbU-t tlie cores indicate the value of tlie <^,.,1 • therefore, it is not the duty of tlie State to step in and assist in developing what may he fairly considered a remunerative deposit" This aspect of tlie question was put forward by the Minister of Mines on Friday iiiteplv to a'request made by the representatives of two Gippsland coal companies foriuouetarv assis tance to enable them to develop their seams. A question of precedence and privilege lias been raised by members of tlie Legislative Assembly. "When attending at tlie Treasury accompanying deputations asking for uwnev grams to their constituents, it is contended that the introduction to the Minister should devolve upon Assembly representatives, not upon members of the Council. Captain Taylor, MX.A., lias issued the following circular to members of the Assembly on both sides of the House" A meeting of mem bers of the Legislative Assembly will take place in tbe south library, Parliament House on Tuesday next, 23rd September, at 3 p.m.' to discuss and, if possible, arrive at a rule for the introduction of deputations when members of the Legislative Council arc present as well as members of the Legislative Assembly." This evening a short season of performances by the Gaiety Burlesque Company, or Blade Murray Specialty Combination, will he commenced in the Exhibition Theatre. The entertainment has been well spokon of in Melbourne, Sandhurst and other places. It includes a variety interval, embracing ballad and comic vocalism, dancing and sketches, a ballet interval by the specialty troupa and a burlesque term, in which a merry and attrac tive piece entitled " Aladdin " will be per formed. Complete arrangements have been made for holding a sports gathering at Leopold to morrow afternoon and for the opening of a grand fancy fair there. The sports promise to be attractive, and it is expected there will be a large gathering of spectators from Gce loug and the district. The fancy fair will bo opched at 5 o'clock in the evening, and visitors from Geclong will he conveyed in 'busses starting from near Mr Massingham's establishment, at the corner of Moorabool and Ryrie streets. Both the athletic sports and the fair arc being held with the view of assisting the Leopold Free Library funds. The first steamship of the direct line lie-' tween Mew York and Australian ports, the' Paradiuo, sailed from Mow York on 20tli August, with a cargo of 5000 tons miscel laneous merchandise, to he soon followed by another ship of the same line. The 31st July is said to have been tlie hottest day ever felt in Mew York. The mercury rose above 96 deg. after two o'clock, and tlie sun blazed down with consuming power, the streets weariug the appearance of a southern city. Sevcrid cases of sunstroke were reported before noon, some ending fatally. At tlie hospitals the house and ambulance surgeons had their hands full. Thousands of people fled tlie city. In the Mew England cities the heat was also exces sive. Captain Sutton and a complete "Wild "West Show, under engagement to Wirth Brothers, proceeded to the colonies by the Zeskmdia, and will perform first in Mew Zealand. Tlio show comprises TO Indians, cow boys and Mexicans, and a number of Conchos. The Indians are from the Sioux, Cheyenne and Baugliuanga. tribes, while the cow boys in clude Charlie Meadows, the best roper iu the world. Tenders arc invited iu our advertising columns for half-yearly supply of bread, meat and groceries for the GcelongProtestant Orphan Asviuin. The members of St. Paul's Church Union wtli, tbts evening, repeat their entertainment " Trial by Jury,'' in the scliool-liouse, in La trobe Terrace. 