NOVELIST. ly Lady's tange. By E. G iRRISGX JOXES ? ? CHAPTER XXXtl. — (Oostxnued) . Tbe rain fell with & dismal sound upon the wet fiag-eton&v; and the winds w8i?ed In a ghostly fashion amid the bare branches t-f the trees and eround the grim towers overhead, bet Caesandra a'ighted withonte i kern or. ( ' Waitfer me hnre,' ehe said to the driver. ? ' I shalf&ot; remain ionp.' He s^tled himself in tbe carriage, with a lew inandibto :tnormurs of complaint, and through the great etone entrance and op tbe riippery walk L&3 St. Aubyn's bride iasfie ber noiseless way. She reached the brosd stone steps thai led np to tho heavy oaken door, and there she paneed and looked keenly abont her. Very 1 white waa her face, but in her eyes glittered a lock of dauntless determination. What she ^Wtne to do she wou!d accomplish, no matter whatthe risk might be. She stood for a moment urasoldte &e; to what course te jptn»ue---ivhetfcer to approach the front «niti^Boe and boldly demantt ad -: Baittanoe, or alb ^V*intn*ome«ign^-f life vWitbin (irefieQ^} rteelf. - Whiie^ehe ^oefi * * ftiaa tha aonnd o! choppiog ijai on hsr tiatne Jbrom the Jowec lcr- 5 - -baildiGg, andan ibat direokon ehfi «4 ontse . ^e^hefW-. C As jc.on as ths reached toned tbe corner ot tho dieraSl old honse^ eba efiw ft little ebed nonetrndfedl of bbarda &na; fi lea with billeta of woodland m front of it cst the etooping figure df an old man. fie had a sssall axa in hie hand, and Appeared to fee engaged in splitting firewood, r Her ladyship at once inferred tbat this oic ';m&n; wss the pereon she soogbfc, and she made ber way Bcross to the little shed. ' Ssymoar, is that yon ?' ehe called, when ehe -was within a few steps of him. The old man started, and rising to his feet, looked abont bim in surprise. Cae* aandra w&s; st his side, and had her gloved hand on his arm in a breath. 'Dan't be etartled, Seymour.' efiB said. ' I came from your master and my husband, Lord St. Aubyn. Have yon forgotten me, Ssymcnr ?' The old man shook his grey head in 8 dazed way. *' I'm afraid I have, my lady,' he replied. ?. YSTdM matter ' T Ol Aubyn'e wife, Seymour— we were married only ft short time ago— and my lord haB sent me here, Seymoui, to bring yon good newa.' Good news, my lady !' repeated the old man,** What can it be?' M Cannot yon gness *hat it is, Seytnoorf ' continned her ladyehip. ' Lord St. Aubyn is iU, and conld not come himself, and yon know ' be dan not trust another save his wife. Seymoor, be has told me tbe sccrd' She made a ewift geetcre towards the vanlts beneath the- old house. Tbe old ; man's wrinkled face paled to an ashen: grey. ' Ton know it. my lady ?' he repeated. ' Yes, Lord St. Anbyn has told me j and more, he has cent me here, Seymour, to tell yon to be of ^ood heart. In a few weeks all this ehall end, and yon and yonr prisonexa ehail hs free.' The old man caoghthar hand anc carried It to hi« lips. vlaale fee ^jtiSMB streamed tov r his farrowed cheeks. ; 'OX my via&iojoa; \- - , - Bwntf! Ate-'' ia-v.'**.- . ** What I ^ uteadily yoa^to-lie^we-^jn agl## - — f»jr»sa»n«.; S^rimge thlnga hsve ha^p^i^l, ^ a»i Ast^m las drtactsi^d in ijjfa ' *W- ws.^nd feee themv*^ «nang« St. «H. f l!toB mast hrfd oat a few weeks lnngar,€ey F sbket. . Yoa-liave beet a isathfdl servant to y onr master, and you shall not loae yoar re ward.'*^ ' 1 bave it now, my lady,' sobbed the old man. ''Oh, my dear master! I, have prayed day and night that his heart would ?? chancy* 'WeH,' interrnpted Cuftandra, a trifle im patimtly, ' yon mnet be patient till he comee, »nd lry to make the poor jnen comfortabXe,' SmiamT. itisa hard lot foe t bem — . ?? ««^imy lady, a hitter lot T ^ 1 'Wdl,2oJthehest yon «an tot them, and mttgn yonr ,ma?|er epmeiB ml abiffl be made yourself, and giW al»T®oor mfen jaome. , ' Pocr |wb.S mikea -xnti shndddr to Ounk 5r- j ^thS» r^*68 v ^ fc. -? ^ tsMsVaee. watts 4wig* ^there, an2 X want to SgrTf. ''?*? '«a%^W»a. $Ml [?] ^ sjastwp?1 jz- oh- v, ^'I^&ejaomj; ip^dljjon^tbkt^on may ! ^iwra vtdi&ie; jra,' t^e .tRid^ddreBangthe -to* 3'Qn&tn; till flfeall take my may tdl the moh^y and some* ttfmgfor yonifsif^too^topay yoa for yo-;r ^Tae-6dtgi 'tOoohtd his h&t-; and «aid -Ti-ankee. mam,' wd rattled off down the ^-tiky road. -*?- ihfe 1e%orm «nd gloom Ehe made wssy back to tha old honee. With - OMiboos -trena ehe flitted along, nnder th^ ihadow of the dripping treet, till Bhe je^obed- the northern wing, -aroand ^bich auorered terrace ran. ^he crept ap 4d the Wet utone steps ,Tand making her «*ay tb the dark -Bnd ehekered comer, ehft ^atdown. T5ie flight jdease tfind dark; an Soy tit®! Tningled 'witb -fire dripping rein, and at-a mtBeratile tattoo -m tho ^t etones ) b?f» lik« «n image isf marble, Lord St. A^byn's bride sat In hex ehs'iercd corner, „ hticds lotjktd tngethfir. her fsce like doatij, \ Sae t*eard jtbe he&s; strike for midnight, sett sbedid not move.* At last, a little while «e?o*e the davra began to break, ehe arose. * Thifiis&felall;* eho estd, in a Iotp, gasp irts voice. 'I wonder it St. Aabyn -wonld v»j«£r like this forlmo? ' Thron^i'tl3i»^lok gloom she gropef her V?5y ddvfn.thlB etepp, -and in tisB^direction of tH; little «bed 'wheire eha had met Seymonr. she paused and surveyed the old' house witn snxions «yes. * It loomed np like a great blacs tomb, siUnt and dart as the night, save one -window on the groand floor, and from tbat & feeble light issued. Cassandra saw this glimmering light, and approached it. TheVindow was bleared and stained, hut she could see through it dimly. Tfctre was a room beyond, with b bed in one corner, and on that bed, by the dim light of tbe taper that flickered near by, ehe could descry a buman figure. She looked through the stained glass, and then she turned to the door. M I must know,' ^ha muttered, under her breath — 'I must be certain.' Sbe tried tbe door and it opened, and eha made her way through a narrow corridor ! into the dimly-lighted room. There lay the figure stiff aad motionlefB, the worn, far rowed face turned full towards the flickering tap?. On a email table stood a bottle and a glass, in wbioh a few drop of wine Etiil re mained. Cassandra looked searchingly at these ob jects. and discovered that the bottle was one of those Ehe had given to Seymour, and that it was uncorked. She stood an instant, shaken bj a strong I shudder of terror and disgpet ; 'then she I drew near tbe bed,. and peered down into the stony, upturned face; she even pat oat her baud and touched the furrowed fore head. ?'It has ended,' she said, in a horse whisper ; ' he is dead.' SKo flitted from the silent room like a shadow, closed the door behind her. r.nd made her way out into the cl;5 road, ar.d across the country to the nearest station: and the first train that stopped there bote her on htr way back towards London. CHAPTER XXXII. startling nets. Theeaine February day that sees Lsfiy Cassandra baek in London, breaks drearily over a small party congregated on the dt ck cf an English vessel stesmisg np the Thames. Oi this peTty fonr persons ere theresobed ] pia^^Bgdn^jef t!ie itU-fated B&Uic.; Ooo of ¥ihae'f (»r4H Bs&s;, tb« mother of Lord St. and ^e letto npon -hiE Eim rinw. ® the - i very ^'ws ^f death ihe is coming tack to her hnebaud and ohild. ~ ! The silent tears rise in her eolemh brown eyee as she thinks of it, a famt red glow in her waxen cheeks, and her childish mouth quivers. _ ' Bsdmond/' she whispers, clinging more closely to her companion, and raising ber swimming eyes to his face, ' Ss. Aubyn will be waiting to welcome me. Don't you think eo, Esdmond?' Sir Sjdmond Carew looks down at the frail little creature with tender kindness in his flyes. He has mastered all his own psin and cruel. disappointment ; he is her friend now. truer than a brother could be. 'Tes, -Bees,' he scsTrera, wi;h his ead, Mad smile, ' of course he will be there. He his received our letters, no £oubt, and. he must be the happiest man in England to day,' Bess.langlis— a simple, joyous little laugh. ' Yes, Bsdmond, only think of it !' Bhe goes on. ' For tha second iime I am coming bsck to him from tbe grave.' The pallid dawn deepened, and presently the sun name up. lifting the misty gloom, and ushcriog in a clear and spring-like day. The passengers reached their place of landinsr, and crowded forward with eagei faces to look for their friends. Sir Uedmond Oarew was amid the foremost, with Bess on his arm. But Lord St. Aubyn was not in sight. -A dark frown clouded the Indian ofiiser'a brow. j ' This is a stringe business !' he muttered. 'He meet bave received some of the many letters sent htm. I wonder if the fellow is a villain?' 'What were yon saying, Redmond ?' in quired Bese. Nothing, only yonr husband is not here to meet you, Bess. It must fee that he has not been informed of your coming.' *' That's It,' responded Bees; ' he hasn't heard ©f it. Ob, Badmond, what a surprise it would be if -we should go to him, and he believing tne to be dead, and buried in the eeaf' ' responded theoapteliv absently. He hatle a cab, and they are driven to Sonth Andley-street, where an old friend of Bedmond Qarew vesides. He is laoky Miongh to Had this lady at home, and into Bmsl : - «p&r;|a tha Baltic's p&ssengere;,' liBaex^lalxnf* Mths l%dy iolibsrsliim oatlnjn, the IibIK 'Only -foor-persone were pioksd vpvand Lidy St Anbyn was one of them.1' ^'X»&§y St, Aubyn l1' repeats Mrs. Mark ham. *? ; didnt yoa nnderstand the name? Bho haa travelled home under my charge. Her father was my brother ofliaer, years ago, and l fed a more than frienaiy interest In the frail little oreatat^ Please, Mrs. Markbam, do what Jon can tor her, bb she is literally worn tfut ' Sir B?dmond Carew says all this, standing in the ball, with his hat in his hand, in rather ah impatient manner, bat feeling that some explanation Is due to his old friend. Btill Mrs. Jtf&rkbam; stands and stares at 'X- must go,' lis eays, even more im ^&l;»ntly. ' You'U kindly lake care of the X jretnra tor 'ber, Mrs. M&rkham;? om yoa tell me tt-here to ^^ordSt. Aabyn's resldencs ? HefihouH jhsW^Sei tft m«st and welooms his w?te to and I must try to find v - 1 «fa»w-p . the baronet lw-t i£ last die^Kmariks : i ;*o„BV Sit B'Jdmpnd [?] reading an acaonnt of it all — tho wedding and everything — in - the Ttmes , not half an hour ago. IJwill bring you the paper and ^etyo^fleoforyonr8eif.', ' SSay, Mcs. JTarkham — there is no need. 1 can believe what yon say,' ha answers. ' But what in the name of mercy is to be d^ie? Poor Bgss ?— it will kill her. Shc is i loEgicg tb meet her hnsband and ohild, poor [ thing, and he married to ihat woman ! The ! heartless villain I PU put a hullit through; his false heart ! Oo back .to the poor child, Mrs. Mftrkb&m;, but ifor Heaven-s sake don't breathe a word of this till we see what's to be done. I'll find s bim, the false-hesried dastard! Where did yon say his house: was?' 'In {xroBrenor-sqaare!' answered the ?lady. Sir Esmond Oavew waited to heav no more, but with an angry -flush on his swarthy face, and a savage look in his brown eyes, he «tro3eswsy. CHAPTEBSXSHL ~ THE BITTEB END. *' St. -Anbyn 1'_ The . handsome from his recumbent position on the velvet lonnga, as the Bweet, iojid voice falls on his ear— etisris to his feet IK cd oonf ron te his bride, the regal; -0i^n2®af:'; He '.e^res blankly fox- a full ininute} iben exclaims: ' _ : GsBste, my dear^ iiow you surprised one 1 When did yon get hack ?' 1 ' Only half an hour sinco, wet and chilled. I stole up to my rooms and made j myself presentable before appearing before my dear husband's eyes.' j Despite his burning anxiety, he takes her j in bis arms and kisses her. Then he holds I her at arm's length and says : ' Well, my love ?' | ' It is tiv*//, df arest,' ' sha answers promptly. ,c The secret is ended, and you are never to think of it or allude to it again.' H2 stands mute, a curious quiver stirring his unsteady mouth. ' Poor old Seymour,' he falters at last, 'be deserved a better fate at my hands!' After s moment be adds z ' Arc you sure, CaEssndra, that I am safe ?' ?* I am sure. What I saw with my own eyes I must believe.' Sbe watches hi si wistfnlly, expecting some word of tbanks or approbation, but he utters none. A pained look steals over ber face, but she puts it away and links her arm in his. ' Now, my love, I want to see you look happy,' ehe adds; ,! it cost me more than yoa imagine to accomplish my task, but it is done, and to-morrow we shall be on our long and happy journey.' 'Nc, not to-morrow, dearest.' he inter rupts. J'Tbs stealer will not sail till Friday. A messenger eauie to inform me cf the alteration about an hour ago.' My lady's face grows ghastly. ' Why, St. Aubyn,' she gasps. ' what can it meen ? We must secure accommodation on same other steamer.' ' S .il to-morrow we cannot,' replies ber husband, regarding her with some astonish Tneui ; ' we must wait for the vessel in wbic-h our berths are taken. Wbat makes you so anxious about it, Cassis— so im patient to bs off ?' *' Oh, I am not well,' she answers evasively, averting her face. ' I am sick of England, and wish we could leave at once.' 'So we will ; but you must oultivate patience, my love. What is one day more or iessi' , ' What is one day?' repeats Cassandra, under ber breath. ' Who knows what a day may bring forth ?' But ehe answers carele® sly : W- $??- ** So do I,' reeponda_her hxiebsnd *. «« ^pt we must make the best of it. I think i will take a etrcll before dinner ; I have been «ofio(=d nn hprp bo lone.' Hs tinga for his overcoat, pots it on and gGes oat. Cassandra sits down with a whits, set face, arrayed in all her gorgeous finery. Her proud lip quivers, and the tears rise in bat eyes. It hurts her cruelly that ber hoe band can leave her so soon after her return from her horrible journey. Sbe is beginning to feel already that the man ehe has loved 60 blindly, and perilled her soul to win. is not ench a prize after all. For bonrs she sit3 thus, cut to the heart, and feeling indescribably lonely, till a ser vant comes with letter?. They are letters which have followed them to London for the most par*, and are consequently a good deal behind date. Cassandra seizes them with nervous haste and looks thsm over. One bears a foreign postmark. Sbe holds it in her hand a minute, while her cheeks whiten ! and her breath comes in gasps. Then she | tears it open and tuns her eyes over the few ! lines it contains. | 14 Oh, mercy l' she gasps, her eyes ais- | tended in terror.. ' she was' to reach London yesterday, and may be in tbis bouse before the day closes ! Wbat shall I do ?' For fi?a minutes she stands there, the open letter in hzs hand; thsa shs croseee the room and tosses it into the fire. ' I'll brave it,' she mutters, with set teeth sna glittering eyes. ''It is too late to turn back!' Sbe tarns to the window and ~ looks out. The lamps are just lighted, and flare in yel low lines on eac^i side of tbe crowded thoroughfares. Sbe watches the faces of tha men and women as they come and go, with tigerish eyes. She almost expects to see among tbcm tbe meek, pale face of the woman wno is her rival. ' The twilight deepens into darkness, and mv lady grows impatient and rings her bell. ' Has Lard St. Aubyn returned J' ehe asks of the servant who enters. ttNo, my lady ; life has not come in yet, and there is a gentleman in the library waiting to see him.' ' What la his came ?' ehe demands, toSKv;: .. ? ? ? ' najceoimea so give nis name, ray iwy, the mia replies. ' He has teen here twice before to-day whilst my lord was out, and now he insists on waiting till he comes itl** ' ... Cassandra meditates, a slight Bush rising to her face. . 'And refuses to, give his name,' ehe repeats. ' What manner of person , is he, ?James?' ' i '1 tali, handsome man, my lady, with the look ot an officer.' A determined look comes into my lady 'fl eyes;.. -4I will «eo this pereoa myself,' she says. Tha servant bows , himself cut, and my lady sweeps after him. At the library door ^he pansss, with a haughty, questioning glance. The visitor rises to his feet and bows pro foundly. . - 'Da yoa wish tb see Lord St. Anbyn f ' she questions. =«^$^iny lady.' . In the halt gloom of the spacious room she f ails to recognise the man before her. Sir Esdmond Carew has «hanged elaeo the night when . he saved this fair vomsu'a life from thej&rning; ruins of Mount Storm. ^Wiat'Is you? burinees with Lord St. i Aal^o?** j&a; mquS^M. Mfr bntapefes with Lord St. Aubyn Is of a priS^,Bktur€, t?iy iady, and oannot, he ex pUinedt tQAuy other person.^ ' I-ahi L»»ra St. Aubyn's wile. The baronet bows, with a carious smile on his lips. ' That does not alter the ease, tnadame,' figan^wers, caolly. - % 1»'ButlQotd St. Aubyn Is away l^'ifee con ^Pehowa a^tn, and fOames his seat. Cas. IPtt stands and looks »t him witb glowing What nan h« iheTaatore of hia Imsi iiisf An awful terror takes away her breath, and her knees tremble. What ehall she do to Avert ibis impending danget? - ' Have ynar broaght news for my hus band ?' she ventures to ask, tin ? a faltering ^oiee.'v -v.': --v. : : The light of the low-burning ohandelier falls upon ber face, and Carew sees that it is* ghastly white. -,He looks at her with keen, suspicious eyes, but hie &nswer; is cool and '.quiet. - ? 'Very strange news, but only for his lordship's ears.' She fairly gnashes tor teeth: in her terror and agony. vv^ }?? ' Tell oe,'( she, cries, flying at him in a -fary, and seizing his armt ' Speak out this instant, or X will ring the bell, and have yon expelled from the house j' v : : : ' r . Sir Bedmond coolly removes her hard from hisarm. / ' It is qnite eviden^t, my lady-' he repliee, ' that . what- 1 am - here -to tell the Marquis St. Aubyn is no secret to you. Xoa would have done better to have told him yourself weeks aflro.' - | ; What doyou mean ?' sbe orics, her rage [ rising beyond all control. ' ¥ou shall not tell him ; I'll have youc life first !' . She puts her hand to. .her bosom, and, swift as thought, she draws forth a slender Jewelled dagger. Sbe has worn it day and night for the last week, for what purpose she dare not con fess io her own soul. . , , Mad .with terror at the icertainty thatthis man had cotne to make knDwh to St. Aribyh the secret of hiB wife's rescue from the burned steamer, and frantic to avert the danger and Ehame that threaten her, she darts upon Carew in a frenzy of rage, and aims a deadly blow at his breast. But the captain's trained eye divines her purpose, and his swift hand grasps her arm before the shining little weapon descends. ' Take care, my lady,' he says, quietly ; ' you are in danger of harming yourself, not me. I must have this.' He twists tbe dagger out of her white hand, and holds it behind him. She stands at bay. like Eome wild, hunted animal. There comes a ring at tbe front entrance, and a moment later a step in the hall with out. She knows tbsi St. Aubvn bae come, and the fierce anper in her eyes gives plsce to a look oi unutterable anguish. She falls at the soldier's feet and c'asps his knee?. 'Oh, for mercy sake, pity me!' she im plores. '? Keep tbe secret from St. Anbyn. It will qo Iser no good now to tell St. Aubyn tbat she lives, and it will kill me. Have mercy gd me !' Si* Bsdmond Carew pities her, as Ehe grovels in abject terror at his feet, but his stern face never relaxes from its settled pur pose. ' I shall do my duty,' he answers, reso lutely. ' I ehall tell Lord St. Aubvn that his wife lives.' There is a step outside tha door. A faint cry breaks from Cassandra's lips, and she starts up and flies from the room through a suae entrance just as the library door opens and St. Aubyn enters. ' Well, sir,' he says, nodding at Carew, who rises, ' what's your name and what's yonr business? I beg that yon will make both 8s short as possible, for my dinner is waiting.' He wheels a chair before the grate, sits dowo, and elevates his boots npon the polished fender. Sir Esmond Carew stands and looks down upon bim, with a tinge of red in his swart cheeks, and an ominous glow in his eyes. His fingers work restlessly, as if hs longs to seize upon tbe easy-going nobleman . and throttle him. Bat he controls himself by a great effort and answers : ?? I will not keep you away from your dinner long, my Lord St. Aubyn j bat I doubt whether you will have cn appetite for to newal am here S«4innS^ktg.y''t& ? ? -'V manner arrests St. Aubyn's attention. He springs to his feet and looks at him closely. ' By Jove 1' he ejaoolates, ' it is Sir Bed mond Carew ! How are you ? Didn't know you. I assure you, 'pon my honor.' Carew does not seat himself, but stands, taM, dark and determined. 'Lord St, Aubyn,' he begins, in dear, measured tones, ' I have been here twice be fore to day and failed to see you. I bring you strange news, my lord — though, upon my Hie, I can't understand why yoa had not heard it long ago.' St. Anbyn grows pale and moves uneasily. He is thinking of Aberdudno Lodge, and tbe horrible secret shut op there. Can j ibis scowling Indian oflicer know aught of ] that? | 'Well, why don't you Epeak out?' he says, impatiently. ' What bave yon to say, SirK?dmond?' 'I have just reached England, alter a long voyage, and bave brought with me one of the 'rescued passengers of the Baltic. Has your lordship an idea who this pas senger is?' St. Anbyn stares at him stupidly. ' Why, no — rf coarse I have not,' he re sponds. ' I was not even aware that a single passcDger was saved.' ' You took but little trouble to learn, my lord, it seems.'' continues Sir Bedmond, severely. ' It is a mystery that none of the letters, sant to inform yoa of the fact that yonr wife, Lady St. Aubyn, was one of those rescu? i passengers, should have reached you. Or did they reach you, my lord ? And did you see fit to ignore and disbelievethe tidings, in your indecent haste to contract a second marriage ?'' All tbis bitter sarcasm is lost npon Si. Aubyn. He has caught only two words, ' your wife,' and be stands staringly blankly j at the indignant soldier. The baronet waits a second, but as his lordship makes no reply, he speaks again. ''Perhaps yon do cot care to hear the truth now, my lord,' he says, ' bnt I must fores it opon you. . Iam here to iell yoa ttiRt yonr wife liveB, is now in London, and is ignorant of your recent marriage.' u (xood heavens ! What is it you eay ? 5Iy wife ali?e,.aaa in Le a lon l Yon don't mean B?55?' '--? *5:¥cf«, Jpyjoid— I inean Marchioness ...ofjSfc. Axxbps.'' ; The baronet's sont is in a stormy tamolt, but he keeps his fsoe and voice calm and cool. ' Bess J Bess alive !' rspeata St. Aubyn, while a great flash of joy lights up his face* 'Poor little Bess 1 Wbero is she? Let me po to ber this instant. Where is she, Carew? For mercy's sake, let us be quick 1' Sir Bedmond meets him with hie calm, cool smile. ' I am at your service, my lord,' he re plies. '* We will go at occe. Bntr I must remind you that yonr wife only reached England to day, and knowa nothing of your .. ~ ' T:ik Jw . vt A tMa i ittits uifiuiogc . finu ajuuj ; I Laudtr.' The Utterance of Cassandra'e name recalls St. Anbyn to his seneet?. r He puts his hand to his' head. &nd; staggers back against the wall like a man who has becn shot. ? A faint cry iesiies from an edjtrining room; in. She goes stralght to St Aubyn'a side, attd twinesheRrmsabouthim. Oh,myliov4^yhos'bana-'shemnrmn», with Wm lino oWini ni Mv , ani neverr^torn jp^glahdagaln 1 Come She «an hava hei n%SB, my dearest h«|h!j|ia 1' H-1 ''rows herfromhim almost rndely. « li-$ I will sae he*1' he cries, wttb fi««i vahemsnce. ?' She is my wife — not you Yoh knew she was alive, and ybu have kept it from me, and lured me into marrying yo«u Out of my sight I 1 neyer want to Kl yola again.' ^ ^ She stands eroattbing befora him, «v«ty cruel, nnmanly word striking her like a d*ggerrth*ttst. At hit last tsommand aha eztdfiSMMeR fee room,%n§ o«%t tb« open -* *£?? v £' ?.? ^ r..-i m ft**' Vjt. --» ... -? St. Aubyn catches up his b&t;, ana rtisbes i towards the atreet. . Sir Bedmond Carew ; follbwshim. . ? In sUence, through the windy darkness, j they make their : way to Mr. Matkham's ., residenoe. Carew puts oot his hand to ring ; the bell. 'Stop!' shouts St. Anbyn, in a hcareo votaa. ' I cannot see her ! I caucot face this disgrace 1 I shall leave England, and let them fight it out as they can.' And before the astonished soldier can utter a wo: .1, bis lordship is gone. He callB a cab, and through the -streets he drives towards the Victoria railway station, where he finds a train is jn&t; going out. _He takes a -ticket, and steams away, leaving London, with all its twinging lights, far 'behind. A oon^le of hours later sees him on board : the mail steamer bound for France, flying, , like the selfish coward he is, from the wrong ! and shame behind him. ; The dawn creeps through the closed shut ters into Cassandra's eilent chamber. There she lies, in her lace and jewels, this proud daughter of an earl, ptone upon her face, her white hands clenched, her eyes white and glassy, her fsoe cold and set in death. On i the table near by stands & tiny phial, in I which & few dropa of a pungent, colorless j liquid yet remain. ^ | \- And thus, when the day grows ani the i home is,aEtir, they find her- dead— dead by ^ -ijer own hand l' ?( \ CHAPTER | JOSXE'S 4DVESTCKB. j Captain Sir Bedmond Carew stands npon j the steps, his hand on the bell-knob. How can he go in and faoe poorBass, waiting and i hungering for a sight of her husband? j How shall he break the terrible news to her? It ib tbe hardest trial of all the brave soldier's life, but he knowa it must be done. He rings tha bell with a dull ache at his heart. The door opens instantly, ani behind the servant who admits bim he Eees Bess her self, her wan little fsce ali aglow with ex pectant joy. She rushes forward and catches his hand. ' Oh, Rs'itnond, where is my husband? — and where is my child f ' He takes her hand and leads hex back into the drawing-room. ' Sis down, Bess,' he says, tenderly, ' and when yoa are calm I have something to tell you.' A sudden terror leaps into her eyes, and her lips begin to quiver. ' What is it?' she falters, 'What has happened ? Who is dead ? My child ?' Sir Bedoiond sits beside her and takes botn her hands in his. *? Look at me, Bess,' he Eays, ' and see what a brave, strong little woman you can be. No one is dead. Your child is alive and so is Lord St. Aubvn.' She draws a long breath of relief and looks up at him with the old smile returning to her soft eyes. 'Tbank Heaven,' she murmur?. 'If they are both alive nothing very dreadful can have happened. What is it, Bedmond ? Is Lord St. Aubvn absent from England? He muEt be, or he would have come to me. You bave ecnt for him, of course, and be will soon be here? Tell me all about it, please.' The captain looks at her in infinite 'pity. How can he tell her? He starts to his feet, and thoughtfully paces up and down the room. Bess watches him with a nameless fear creeping to her face. She rises and follows him, aad slides her littlo hand into his. 'Redmond, dear friend,' she whispers, ?'something terrible has happened; I eoe it ip your face. Tell.me hotter luuau'iui - 'Bess,' he replies suddemly, 'Lord St. Anbyn is married again.' She looks at him in a dull, uncompre hending way. '* Married !' she repeats. ' Why, Kid mend, what can you mean ?' ' He thought you were dead, Bess,' con tinues tbe captain, desperately, ' nnd he has married Lady Cassandra Lauder.' «' Married 1 My baby's father married !' I Her whitening lips frame ins words, but give forth no sound. The color drifts | slowly from brow and cheek, and she drops like a blighted lily at the soldier's I feet. j He stoops and raises her in his arms just as Mrs. Markham enters. There she is,' he says, as he l&ysBass; on the sofa. ' I bave told hc-r and it has killed hsr. Tbat villain shall answer for her murder. I'll go and find him now.' He is striding from the room with a de termined face, but kiB old friend follows him. ' Stop, Bedmond Carew, ' ehe seys ; ' re main where you are. It Lord St. Aubyn chooses to marry a new wife every week, you ar3 not called upon to interfere. The law will look to him. Stay where yoa are, and help the poor girl ; ehs is merely in a ^ faint.' He returns ?n sullen silence, and they set about reviving poor Bess. The task is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it is not until after a surgeon has been called in tbat they succeed in re storing any signs of animation. At last the hectic red flutters back to her tbin cheeks, and her eyes open with a frightened stare. 'Married! My baby's father married!' she repeats in a gasping whisper. Mrs. Markham bends over her, stroking her hair, and saying gently : ' There, poor dear, you mustn't take it so to heart. He believed you were dead, you know.' ' Yes, bnt how conld they forget ms eo soon ?' ' These words quiver from her white lips in gasping eobs snd ehe is convulsed with bitter weeping. Sir Redmond Carew looks on In fierce indignation. 'Don't cry so, Baa,' he says at laei ; j ' that man is not worth it. You should be glad to be rid of him, the villain !' J Bess looks up with wet, startled eyes. '♦No, Bedmond,' she interposes, hurriedly, ' I will not hear you condemn hiro. Lsra St. Aubyn is not to blame. How should hs know that I would comeback from the dead? He had a right to marry Lady Cassandra. Ton know, Redmond, they loved each other Ions before tbe marquis met me.' Mrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amasiement. ?? Bat, my poor dear,' she say?. 'Lard St, Anbyn will have to take yon back, of course, when he learns that yon are alive.'* But Bests shakes her head sadly, 44 1 shall never (tome between them again,' ekii esws tf'Hilt T mnefc )i a tra mt* *1 BUu naj ' * j. wwaa «»*v vuuu» 'You ehall have him, Bass, I promise yon.' 'Bnt did Lord St. Aubyn say so? Did -yon see him, Bedmond f Yoa have not told me yet. Does he know that! still live?' 4- Yt-s, he knows it, Bess.' 'Redmond*' she asks, in a low voice, ' what didhe eay? Did ho seem glad or sorry?-' ' The captain shuts his teeth hard; his ajrohy - through all this trying scene k greater than anything the forsaken wife feels. ' I think he was glad, Bes3,' he answers truthfully, *'wfc«n I first told him. He looked glad, X thought. Bat it places him In a bad position, yoa see, I— I think he Witt leave England.' Hsr tip* quiver again, bat eh* dashes the lean tana bar * Yes, of ooursa, ha will leave England* Mid take Cassie with him. I «an *xi-eet nothing else—thongh he did mond. Sensed to $et m« eo, and oallme I Irish I«ould cae lum and 'a '? :. -Siil* ^ I hope he wai he very happy- ha Cassandra. I £h*il never lift my fing« j® do them harm^ bus I mafy PW ®^.1 ohild.' V. ^.,a -is «»*i* ' Yes, yoa shall have your child, On this same February afternoon the late train which entered the small town a®?j*es ta Aberdudno Lodge put down a passenger — a little maiden, closely wrappe and hooded, and carrying a small TaUee in her band. #1% . She stands an instant on the wet comtors lees platform, looking with _ke*n baga eyee ; then, gathering her wind-tosfflM* Otoe more closely, ehe makes her way mto tee heart of the dreary little tow£; . ' A publie-houee with : the image m tne brazen lion on its ewaying sign attracts ner notice, and she walks fcriekly op *'e weather-beaten steps and ih at *he open ' Well, misEie,' eays the landlord. Ktrog gling briskly to hia dumpy legs, ' what can I do for yon?'' . ' ' I wish to know in what direction find Aberdudno Lodge,' replies the httle maid, speaking in broken English. ' . *? Aberdudno Lodge 1' he repeats, emerg ing from behind his bar. ' Well, my pretty miss, if you'll jost step out I'll show jou the yold places- Yoa can see it plainly enoogu. And a regular old . ghost nestit is.' . He makes his way to the door and yofiie— for itie ihe— follows hitsi; \- ^'That's ihe pointing one atubby fioger towards o hnge black pile on the summit of a eea-wa^iec cliC. Jcsie looks st the grim. old structure with bright and fearless eyes. ' New, can yon get me a carriage *© drive up there?' she S6ks presently. The landlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whistle. ' Whyf what does it mean ?:' he says — ' so j many pretty-faced women-folks going cp there. What does it mean ?— that's what 1 want to know. . It was only two cays ago that another lees was here after a con veyance np to Aberdudno. I sent her np and that was the last of it : Ehs did not cose back. Maybe Bluebeard lives np tVere :n them blsck turrets. Who knows? No, in deed, my dear, I can't think of snch a tnicg ts sending you ta that old ghost- trap at this tour; you can stay here at the Golden Lion to-night if yon like, and I may manage it in the morning.' He puts out his fat hand to pat the girl's shoulder. Sbe draws back with flashing eyes, and almost falls into the arms of a young gentleman who h&B; jost come np the Bteps. 'Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this?' 'demands the new-comer, before Jo?ie recovers her breath sufficiently to spsek. The dumpy landlord terns ronnd in evident consternation. ' Ah. it's yon, Sir Arthur, is it !' he cries, it lT« -3 ***% fVtnnrrVit ill fiu *v? ii:c. u»u of seeing yon back eo soon. Glad to see yon, though, Sir Arthur. There's & good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir, please.' Mr. Dobbs ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs his attention solely to Sir Arthur, as he bas been called ; but Sir Art&ur; himself looks towards her with admiring glances. 'I bsg yonr pardon,' he ventures to say. after Eome hesitation ;j' but if I can be of any service to you, it will give ms pleasure.' Josie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp Jock, and she eees at a glance tbat the man befcie her is & gentleman. Shs makes a qes;nt curtesy, that strikes theyocng baronet as being grace itself. ' 1 thank yoa. monsieur.' she replies. I stopped here to make irquiriea about Aher fiacno LocJge. I would be glad 11 ~ a carriage to taks ms tc the plsce. Tbat e it, 1 believe, on the cli2 there \- cr: — i-—.ttv»raTcafcpa an attempt to epea.1t.. buk.st& silences liim ^ nf feey thinking that he never saw such eyes before, makes answer : 44 That is Aberdudno Lodge, and a dreary old p^ace it is. Sarelv yon have no thought of going there to-night ?' Josie hesitates a minute, glancing out into tbe misty doom. 41 1 c id think of it,' she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. 4*My tiear young lady,' says tha gentle man, earnestly. ' let me persuade yonto give over such a purpose. Yen have no idea what a deep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodge is when yon arrive there. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is fa-Hog into reins, and is quite dc-sertcd. It sesms c pity, for it is a grand old structure, cstics back to the days of the Normai:?. I wonaer at Lord St. Anbyn's neglect.' ?'It is quite deserted, yoa say?' repeate 3csi?. ' T^ft in thp mercv r»f the hats Rnd owiy, and the ghosts, so the country folk tbsut here have it.' ' Nat for sack s long time, though, Sir Arthur,' puis in the landlord. *' An old man lived there until — let's see— Mccdsy — yes, it was Monday the lady got here, and she took him awsy.' 44 Indeed !'* responds Sir Arthur. *? I was cot aware the old piaee had been inhabited for years.' Voc fi**1 S '* rtn«finr« YfV \ eagerly, ?» the old man has lived htre for years1 — one of Lord Si. A-ibyu's ssrvact?, i think. The old chap never let on wbat hs wss — mam &s; a mouse. He caare ocwe ones ia a while ioc wine; bnt the laoy eaui®, and 1 sent her cp there and she didn't eoire baek. She sent word by the lad a? she meant to stay all night, and take the eld rasn away with her next mornirg. He being her father, I suppose she did; Sir Arthur. ( as we've not clapped eyes on the old 'an | since.' S 14 And yon bave never heard of any other j persons being seen at thelodge T'asks Jcsie, j her eyes full of feverish interest. 1 44 Never a soul, miss.' he replies, cheerfully } 'only when Lord St. Acbyn came once rii*! { hie sick wife, aad that was years ago.' | Josie gathers np her desk, and looks j dubiously out into the gloomy afternoon. ( ,s If you have a great desire to eee the old | pats In Six inthvt% ^ Botfly* ' and; wonrn like to go up to morrow, my dogcairt w here, and my man is at your eerrtee.' *' Thank yon, sir.** replica Josie, after a moment's thought, *' bat since I find the place deserted, I may change my mind. I will not put yon to farther trouble. Good aay.' She trips away, rnd the two men look after her with admiring eyes. ' She don't belong to these part,' remarks the landlord. Sir Arthur says nothing, feat hia faes be trays hia curiosity and interest. He stands irresolute an instant, aisd then strides down the stens. 41 Yon are not going, Sit Arthur?' qoea tionsDohbs, ?' Yes,'* responds the baronet. 'I'll fee back in an honr. Keep my dinner hot.'* _ He walks rapidly away, in the same direc tion in which Josie ban jast disappeared — a circumstance which clio?ts a ahbawd wtnkiutd ' shrag of the shoulders from the laodktrd, as i be makes his way back to the inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur porsnes his walk, and la a wry fewmlnates comes in sight of Josie. She is in the main street wbich rata through the town, and which ocmma&d;* 4 nue view ol the headlands and ot Aberdudno I Lodge. She walks tro briskly for some lime, a aid Sir Arthur folio**, keeping her in sight. 'Now, I *hoold like to know,' he thinks, ' who ehe is, a»d what she wants at such a plax»a.eAheidadnotH '? ^ In herft^wjOk Sde^dsiSil&t;«r«^ her eysa lbbai «td !68ge. 3F©r tha mimM Ik moteeat ||»e linfew,, then strikea 