WARRAGLL LESLEY IN OEUIKH. . i IN MEMOBI AM jsEltVlCE. At the Warragul Wtdevan Church on Sunday evening, as brifly reported in our last issue, the Rev. Hary Howard con ducted an in meniuriuigservice as a token of respect to the late Rev. J. F. Ewiug, u-lwt fnn f-l»r» ttocf- ?:»:» VH u'flfi 111 P.llflnti't of the Presbyterian Olukch, Toorak, aud whose recenldeatli wasui'i versally deplored by every religious bocv the colony. The rostrum was deenlv Smiled ill black, re- lieved by wreaths of £ioice white flowers, suspended from the tfts standards, and a tastily arranged bouqiet which stood out in bold relief upon (fc communion table. There was a crowdedc-'iigregatiou present, and the service throughout was a very impressive ceremony Itcoimneuced with the singing of the hvnn which opens with the line " O Lord oil" help in ages past," followed by prayer and the reading of passages of scriptur appropriate to the solemn occasion. , 'faking :is his text, 2 Samuel III. 38, "Snow ye not that a Prince and a great' "an is fallen this day in Israel," the revirend gentleman said : Although I havecli'sen a text this evening, it is not with any purpose of exposition, but rather that 1 may make it tlie starting point of the few remarks I have to make with reference ti thatpoteutand unresting life, whose untimely close, has struck a pang through so many of our hearts and thrown its shadow across our lives. The hand of God has been Leavy upon us as a people. He li:is opened the grave in our life's path, and a princely leader of our Israel — tlie human-hearted man whom so many of us loved, who was so true, so gentle, and so brave, and from whom we expected so much, in tlie years to come, has suddenly vanished from our side. In the midst of bis years and in the thick of his work, the Lord of the vineyard has recalled him, changing his countenance and taking hiui away. All too sunn, as it seems to us. there lias come to him tlie rest that remains for the people of God, while to us, wlio linger a little longer in the field, there remains the awful blank which God alone can fill, and the deepened obligation to work with both our hands until the night shall come. In the death of the Rev. ,J. F. Ewing, tlie Christian Church mourns the premature fall of one of her noblest and most gifted sous. One who was everywhere recognised as a divinely-gifted leader of men, wise in counsel, tender in sympathy, and fearless in fight. One whom no self-consideration could swerve from the patli of duty. A just and gentle knight of God, be bad entered the liste, and drawn liis sword against all that was base and unworthy in the thought and practice of his time. Pledging himself in the name and for the sake of the Christ he so much loved, to a life-long battle against selfishness in all its varied forms, Hinging himself with all the might of Ills manhood into every move ment that made for God and righteousness and " with a strength that was as the strength of ten, because his heart was pure." In fact, no historical survey of religious life and thought in this colony during the past throe and a half years could be perfect, which failed to take into account the inoraland .spiritual forces which flowed from that full life so crowded with incessant and unselfish toil. Forces which with wondrous potency have mingled with the tides of our country's thought and feeling. Forces that will continue to work out their beneficient results in our history — while lie sleeps oil. As a preacher aud teacher, Mr. Ewing stood in the foremost rank. He had a mind at once creative aud analytic, and those who were privi leged to sit under Ids ministry forliowever brief a time, eould not fail to observe with what exquisite skill he could place human character in the crucible and resolve it into its elements, laying hare the hidden springs of conduct, tracking tlie secret purpose to its final lurking place, and with magnificent scorn tearing off the masks ot tilings that his hearers might look into the faces of the things themselves. He pos sessed in a rare degree the gift of spiritual insight and discernment. A discernment that could pierce through the veil of mere appearance, and read tlie inner thought. A discernment to which human nature so readily yielded up its secret, that, the false mail felt, in his presence it was vain to play a part. This faculty gave him in preaching a tremendous power. He could so accu rately describe the methods by which men deceive themselves and seek to make a compromise with sin, that those who listened to liiiu felt they were in the hands of one who was simply reading off their hearts. One of whom in some measure at least it might be said — as it was said of Christ, " lie needed no- that any should testify of man, for lie knew what was in mail." He was thus armed with signal power to smite the conscience and convince the will. The word of God in his hands was indeed a flaming sword, and whether developing a doctrine or delineating a character, whet her depicting a scene or relating an incident, whether speaking to tlie little children who always looked to him for tlieir portion, or addressing him- self to minds ot riper growth, he never lost sight of his mission, to win men for Christ. To this everything was subordi nated. For this many a personal comfort was relinquished and many a social joy foregone. For this he spent his all-too- busy days, rising early and working far on into tlie night, that he might find fresli arguments, and frame more close appeals to men. Working with heart ami brain and praying as lie worked, that with a mightier persuasiveness lie might beseech liis hearers to be reconciled to God. Little did they dream, to whom he ministered, how beneath the sunny surface of that life which was outwardly so buoyant and so free, there was an all-consuming care for human souls, which was wearing out liis life, in one itrenuous and unselfish endea vour, to biers and save. But so it was. His love forliis brother-men amounted to a passion, aid in t heir service and for their sakes lu counted no labor too hard to endure and no cross too heavy to bear. It was this wlich made him so tremen dously in earnest. He was always in earnest. In fict, earnestness had become the settled hafit of his life andhad written itself in every feature of his face. This intense soul ccflbl do nothing by halves, what he did, he did utterly and with lavish expenditure of strength- This was another elemeit of power in his preaching. Men felt that his man had a message froiu God, a mefcage that was burning its way out from lis licart, aud that it was a message of life aid death. I shall never forget in one of our Saturday afternoon rambles when talking together about our preaching and the necessity for keeping it fresh and vivid, lie said : " Howard we. must keep up with the times in our preaching, hut do not let us fail to keep up with the eternities too." Aly brothers, it was in view of that eternity, witli all its far-reaching issues that every sermon was prepared and preached. Thus while availing hiinseh" of all the advantages which his broad culture and ripened scholarship placed within his reach, while keeping his mind fresli, and open at every I point for the reception of truth from every quarter, while fearlessly facing the problems that are vexing tlie spirit of the time and seeking to speak to men of the nineteenth century, in tlieir own tongue wherein they were born, he nevertheless gripped with tenacious hold, the cardinal doutriuesofourliolyfaithand preached with no uncertain sound, the Divine authority of the scriptures, the Divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, the reality of sin, the ne cessity of a change of heart, the great work of tlie Atonement, the advantages of ac cepting aud the fearful consequences of rejecting the salvation provided by the blood of the cross. In him the ripest scholarship was wedded to the simplest faith. The most advanced religious thought and the finest evangelical fervour were mingled in a character, that had found out the secret of successful service for Christ and man, in the most utter re pression of self. But perhaps the most potent element in his preaching was that of his personal character. He was brilliant Tiul fftri.rlosQ ?im1 iivf-lirt/Liv I wondt'ously dowered on the intellectual side it is true. But these of themselves, could never have produced the results, which have been achieved by that brief ministry of three and a half years. No ! Men felt as they listened to liim that lie was -preaching what ho knew, and they knew he was living what he preached, and men will always listen to the man whose teaching and whose life agree. For while genius may a! tract and brilliance may dazzle and eloquence may sway, it is character alone that lives, and gives en during worth to human life aud permanent effect to human work. It was here then, in his rohust manly Christian cRamcter, in his simple downright goodness that the secret of his greatness lay. It was this which enabled liim to maintain constant and inviolate fidelity to God and to the solemn truths lie held in trust for men. It was this which placed Iiini in such living sympathy with those whom lie addressed, it was this which made liim lay his brilliant gifts at tlie feet of Christ fo be used by Him and as He willed, and it was this wliich made the message come with tenfold power to the hearts of men, that the messenger had their confidence and love. They felt that the speaking man was speaking of the things he knew and lived by and which lie burned that they should know and live by too. Added to all these intellectual and moral gifts and making them so splendidly effective, was the highest gift of all, tlie gift of the Holy Ghost and of power. This distinctly Divine endowment Mr. Ewing possessed in a remarkable degree. No confidence had he in his faculty of analysis, his keenness of insight, his power of delineation, or his gift of exposition. Whether in the study or in the pulpit, he ever threw him self back in utter self-abandonnient on God tliejHolyjGhost, that he might receive the Master's message, fresh .and warm and living for human hearts and lives. What wonder then that a life so Divinely inspired should have had power with men, and that a ministry so intense and unselfish should have been attended with such splendid results. It could not be other wise. His body had become the Temple of the Holy Ghost. His flesh, simply a veil behind wliich as in the holiest of all God sat enthroned, unseen but felt, and it was this divine indwelling which made liis personal contact with men effective. From the inner sanctuary of- his being there flowed those potent but unseen forces which like sweet and holy impulsions from behind the veil, were ever pillowing lho wandering sons of men to bring tliem back to the outstretched arms of God. But Mr. Ewing was not merely a preacher. He was profoundly interested and un- weariedlv active in the work of social reform, and had deeply at heart the stability and well-being of tha .State. He recognised tlie truth, so much obscured in our time, that a mail is no less a citizen of the world, because lie is a citizen of the kingdom "f God. Ho saw that citizenship in Christ's kingdom was the truest aud best, qualification for citizen ship in the civil kingdom, and that just- as religion is inclusive of morality, so the kindoin of God includes all that is truest and nohlest'and wisest and most beneficent in the kingdom of man. This conviction led liim to throw himself with such splen did enthusiasm into every social move ment which made for the uplifting and ennobling of the race. It was this which made liim tight the battle of the working man against the encroachments of labor on the Day of Rest.. It was this which made liim espouse tlie cause of t he dis- prual ami downtrodden stranger that was within our gates, and won for him that pathetic tribute of respect, which our Chinese citizens paid to liis memory on the day we carried him to his grave, and it was this which, nerved his arm for the struggle which is still seekiug to restore the Bible to the children in our schools. And when at length that struggle ends in victory — for win wc must and shall — we shall not forget in the day of our re joicing, the patient work and noble daring of that heroic sou, without whose fearless fighting the hour of final triumph would have been still further delayed. For when the leaders ill that strife were growing weary aud their hearts were sick with hope deferred, it was he who sprang to the front aud grasped the falling stan- dard, rallying the despondent battlers to a fresh assault ami kindling anew the fires of an enthusiasm which will know no quenching till the figlit be won. But the time at my disposal is all too short to adequately set forth the life and work of this true-liearted man. There is, how ever, one thing I would have you remem ber, and which my friend would have me insist upon if he could speak to me to night, and it is this, that lie was what he was, by the power of a living and indwelling Christ, a power wliich early in his life was permitted to lay upon liis open ing soul its plastic hands, waking the will to high and holy purpose and winning the heart's best love for Christ, till his whole being ranged itself round and centred itself in Him who is the life and light of men, and it was then and there in the sanctity of that high communion that the human partook of the divine and bloomed into this fair and fragrant flower. Aud now what are tlie lessons which we are to learn from the untimely close of this strangely fruitful life, so sternuous in endeavor aud so brave hi deed and word. Purposes deep aud divine there must be in sucli removals from our midst, and our highest wisdom lies in seeking to inter pret and acquiesce in a purpose which is everywhere steadily making for a twofold end — the highest results in Christian character and the best results in Christian work. The great end aimed at by God is the perfection of human character. To this end are working all the ministries of redemption, and all the disciplinary pro cesses of our daily lives. No character can come to perfection in tlie fields of prosperity. Perpetual sunshine would inevitably deface its beauty and arrest its growth. The dark days of Autumn and the the soaking rains of Winter arc not more necessary to tlie perfecting of the golden gram <>f tlie harvest, then are the dark days of bereavement in our life- history and the rain of blinding tears to the perfecting of the soul. Let us grasp the truth with all the comfort that it brings us in this our niglit of weeping, that all the changes and vicissitudes of this mortal life have au educational value for both mind and heart, and that only through the pains and losses which our changeful lot involves, can character reach perfection of symmetry and strength. And for this obvious reason, that only thus can we be taught that this is not out place. That we have other aud higher relations than those of time to fulfil, that there is a world of spiritual being with which we must come into correspondence before we can either be or do our best, a worldthat lies around us though unseen, and whose forces play iu upon us in pro portion as we are willing to breathe its atmosphere and submit ourselves to its shaping hands. Wore there no broken reeds no disappointed expectations, no shattered plans, no wrecked and ruined hopes, no empty chairs, no wayside graves, no desolated hearts aud homes, then we should he for staying here, and weaving our nest in Lime, and there would be no such reaching out of hands towards the QlViftU UllOUt.il. JJAJ U1UD11CL-111U11 GUI 1LLC has thus been set amid the play of per petual changes, in order that we may be thrown hack upon the Unchangeable aud that the moral results may thus be wrought in us which alone can tit us for the life that is to be. Let us then, amid all our hitter grief and bewilderment endeavour to cheerfully acquiesce in the divine pur pose so that in us character may be wrought out to its finest issues and reach its flower and crown. And then too, let the thought of .that deep-living soul, burning itself out in self-denying work for men stimulate us to nobler effort and to higher life. <J you who are living at ease ill Zion, whose religion is nothing bet ter than a refined selfishness, you who are lifting up your hands in speechless horror at the sins and sorrows of the people, but are doing nothing to s'tem the tide, who indulge in a cheap and worthless pity for the lost, and are stretching out no hand to save, do you not stand to-night con founded and self-condemned before a life like this, so meekly and so cheerfully laid down for men. O here and now, in the presence of God, and as it were from my fallen comrade's grave, let me beseech you, to gird yourselves for tlie battle of God, and resolve to night. that for all the rlavu to come you will live, not unto yourselves, but unto him who died for you and rose again. Aud while some are striving for wealth and some for pleasure and others for fame, may you seek, as lie sought whom we mourn to night, your truest wealth in the realm of character, your most enduring fame in the honour that cometli from God, and your most abiding joy in smoothing the pathway of life for the tired feet and bringing hack the wanderers to the warmth and welcome of the Father's house. Young men would you possess a character like this i Then your jim-poses must be keyed to as lofty a stain. Would you be God's true gentlemen ? Then you must submit yourselves to Christ, for the gentlest blood of alljthe race, flowed through his veins and the noblest life, was the life he lived for men. I would not say a single word to damp your prospects, or decrease your joys. 1 have no desire to make you prematurely old or to crush a single flower that grows along your path. But I do not want you to make a mistake. I do not want you to live for the perishable but for that which endures, I do not want your death bed scenes to be haunted by the conviction that time has been wasted, that opportunity lias been slighted, that destiny has been trifled with. It is that I may rouse you to high and holy purpose, that if possible I may awaken you to the splendid possibilities enfolded in your lives, in a word, it Ls that you may make your life a grand success, mat you may nil out all the relations of your being and approach your at life's decline without regret that I I urge you to immediate decision for God. Standing between theliving and the dead, I warn you, that though you may acquire the proudest earthly distinction, and rise to the possession of unbounded material wealth, and yet live without God and die without Christ, you will have missed your destiny and lived in vain. Gold knows no currency and worldly titles have lioroeog- liition in the land to which you haste. It is in the realm of godly character that the most enduring distinctions can be achieved, aud the most splendid fortunes made. Go in then for this success with both your hands for if you fail here, and pass into the pale kingdoms bankrupt of character, it will have been better for you that you had never been born. ,1.11V UlQWUiilU nilO UVlllBIBU \> ILI I 111 Hull power and eloquence, and kept the con gregation in sympathetic touch with the preacher throughout its delivery. The Dead March in Saul was played at the close of the service, and an unusually large number remained to take jiart in the prayer meeting which followed. 