The Sunday Question in Melbourne. A public meeting attended by about 3000 persona, was held on Monday evening (the Age 3ayg)in the Town Hall under the auspices of the Sunday Liberation Society, to affirm the desirability of opening the libraries, museums, and art galleries on Sundays. Half an hour before the proceeding* commenced every corncr of the building was crammed, excepting the gallery. Although the society had paid £20 for the tight of tenure.-by onUr of the municipal executive the citizens, excepting ladies, were excluded from the balconies. Seeing that hundreds of disap pointed persons were thus kept outside, vio lent demonstrations were madu against the arbitrary restriction. The crowds in the passages assaulted the doors leadiug to the balconies, whilst those in the hall cheered them on. Ultimately the galleries were 8tormed from the platform and scaled by intrepid persons, who climbed up to them by the supporting pillars. Seeing that the 'public would not be denied, every one was freely admitted, after delay ing the proceedings for uearly half au hour. Mr, Justice Williams etated the objects of the guthering in an incisive speech, coufounding the arguments of those who opposed the movemout. Mr. G D. Carter moved the first proposition affirming thu right of all classes to uccess to the arc galleries; libraries and museums at times which suited their convenieuue, The motion was seconded by the Rev. Prior tiutler, and carried with demonstrations of applause by the over whelming majority Mr. Treuwith then moved that the opening of these iustiiutiouu on Sundays be demanded on behalf of those who are precluded by their avocations from visiting bucli places during the week. Mr. W T. Cnrter, M.L. A , seconded the proposi tion, which was also carried. It was likewise affirmed that provisiou should be made fur I officers of the institutions affected being given | one day's rest iu seven, aud the tesoluiious were ordered to be forwarded to the Premier. Chief Secretary and chairman of the Public Library trustees. The following graphic description of tho meeting is given by a writer in the Argus What sort of a mob was it? It is easy to imagine that gentleman who requires two I horses, a coachman, and a footman, and n ■ padded coach to take him to church ou n | Sunday asking this question. And one who | had been down amongst the mob, hustled 1 and jutled aud pushed to and fro, would Have no difficulty in an&wering;, " Sir,, it was a naughty mob, an unruly mob ; a mob alto ; gctner destituc of broadcloth and clean linen. : A mob that had certainly suppercd, but possibly had not washed. A mob that ex haled^odous of onions and beer, and old pipes, and bad tobacco ; a mob whose offence iu creased 'terribly with close packing, a mob to be viewed from a distance, but a mob, withal, to be respected, because very mnch in earnest and by no means in a mendicant mood. It might' be almost adviseable tossy to the dilettante worshipped the brougham church-goer, •• Have a care of the mob." But remembering that he is above all things endowed and imburd wilh the Christian graces of charity and brotherly love, it may be better to say, " Go down to the mob, see hear, smell, understand them. And know that all the offence which encounter you momentarily there is with them perpetually. They are only trailing clouds of their own poor circumstances as they come. The Sunday you desire is a Sunday to them. Choose first amongst all the offences, whose lighest particles and thinnest-ghostB offend you so much. They only wait about the Library and the Picture Gallery doors now. It would sadly disturb your Sunday if some day they should raise as loud a voice as you heard last night and begin to climb the posts as well.1' 