ENTERPRISING BURGLARS IN MELBOURNE. jjcnng trie night ot tbe loth mat, or the early morning of the 11th inst ^oaye the Argwt of January 15), the shop of Mr. Moses Aaron Rmokin. iob warehouseman, of 51 ifcrarke-Btreet, was entered by burglars, and jewellery and goods to the valce of £40 stolen. Entrance was effected by prizing open one of the windows at the lear of the preznUes. Yesterday morning, ae Detective Macmanamy was coming down Russell-street he saw a Frenchman, named Louis Crosiner, wiiom he knew to be a member of the criminal class. Crosiner was dreased much more rc epectably than usual, and this peculiarity attracted the detective's suspicion. He aecostsd Crosiner and questioned him as to where he. had obtained tbe 'clothes which be was wearing. Croeiner informed him, that ho had purchased them at a pawn broker's shop in Lonsdale street, which ha undertook to point out Accompanied by Dcteotive Maomanamy, he west to Mr. Solomon's shop and boldly asserted that he had bought the clothes there. The pawn broker denied that the garment* had ever been in his possession, but identifiod the man as a person who had come to his e-hop yester day morning and offered to sell soise tobacco. Remembering the burglary that Iiai been committed at Mr. Rapkin's Detective Mac manamy took Crcsiser there, and the clothes were at onoe identified as portion of the Btolen .property. Crosiner was then lodged ia tbe City Watchhonse, and later on in the day he waa brought before the City Court and remacded until Wednesday cert. During the time that he was in the wa&cb-; house ha undertook to toll the deteoticea where be had disposed of the rest of -tha itolsn goods, and a cab having been procured, be directed them to a general dealer's ehep or, the Port Mc-lbource-road. keDt bv a man namea aawara nenry woods. The proprie tor of the (tstabliahmect waa not at Lome, but Detective-Sergeant Ward and Detective Macmanamy, having lodged their prlroner in the Melbourne Gaol, made a second visit to the place, and then learnt that Woods was attending an auction sale at Port Melbourne. They found him there, and he admitted at once that be had purchased some of the pro perty in question, but protested tbat he had done so in the best of faith. He went back with the detectives to the shop, and pro duced six of the stolen watches and some clothing from a small cupboard at the end of the counter. That, he explained, wm all be had, and he expressed his regret that he ihoold have been so muoh deceived aa to purchase stolen property. The detectives, however, deolined to accept hia assurances on this point, and commenced an examina tion of the place with almost startling re sults. In the small cupboard which Woods bad declared was bare they found no lesi than twentf *\\\i?i watches, and a qqantiiy of necklets, lockets, bractltta. earrings, and Dther articles of jewellery. Woods could not give any tatuiactory aoaount of how he came into the possession of any of these article! . A further examination showed that the place, whioh contains four rooms, waa literally packed with what the police believe to be stolen property of every description. So numerous and varied were the articles dis covered 'that the detectives had not time last B^ai to overhaul and examine them. Con stable Corrigao, of South Melbourne, wai placed is chance of the establishment, and Woods waa brought into the City Watohhouse, where he was charged with being concerned In the burglary of Mr. flapkin'a place. It Is anticipated that many of the recent burglaries will be accounted for by this dis covery, and tho identification of the various article* will be awaited with interest Croei ner is 32 years of age, end is believed to bes New Caledonian izpirte. fie haa been known to tbe detective police for upwards of twelve months, daring which period he has served several short sentences for petty larcenies. Woods, who ia 42 yean of age, is not known in the police records, aad haa always been regarded aa a respectable dealer by those in the neighbourhood of his shop, where he his carried on business for about three years. He is a widower, and haa a child aboat 4 -fears of age. When it became known that he had been arrested on a serious charge several of the neighbours undertook to look after the little girl, and she wae handed over to one of them. The total value of the property is r'2JL0IIl?J to J? kj*880 ?Bl«000 and fil.500. The Htrald published the same afternoon 5*J8 :— A fine-looking man, named Henry Edward Wood, with a flowing beard and an appearance which might arouse the envy oi a oity Alderman, wae charged at the City Court this morning with breaking Into the warehouse of Mosea Rapkin and stealing ten watches and five raits of clothes, valued at £40. Detective Macmanamy, who asked for a remand, detailed the drenmatenoea of the prisoner's arrest Two large parcels of jewellery were then placed on the table by the detective, repreaanttnff a considerable value. It wm expected that moat of tho artioles would be identified by the original owners M having been stolen from their premiaee. The prisoner, who ia aa expolloo niM from the Sydney side, asked for balL Tne Bench remanded the prboner for a week, bafl being allowed; himself In «500, and two sureties in £250 each, No generous man would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady aaediam, and, m the ghost is walking aboat. while the medium ia tied Id the cabinet, exdaiav- ' There', a rat right by the ghost 1' It speib the effect to hAT* tho ghost cry out, and gather np its skirts and ran. 