LEONARD LINDSAY; OB» THE STORY OF A BUCCAKEEE. CHAITEE X\TV.—(COXTIXTJED.) BY ANGUS B. BEACH. At 10 o'clock exactly I took my tray over Hie sandy beach to Peralta's hat,* whidti stood a little apart from tlie oilier buildings, towards the landward extremity of the ranchiera. As I plodded along, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters : sometimes stepping- to lode to seaward, where all the lights of the pearl squadron, glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a load outcry, in 'which I could dis-' tlngniRh fte yells of an Indian, and the gruff voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of aims, were soldiers. In a immite or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lanterns, -which gleamed oa drawn swords and bayonets. The men bearing them disappeared through the principal gate of the fort, and then Indians, who were left outside, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, antil they were threatened by the sentries, and told they would he fired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to mguire into the cause of the tumult, bat £ judged that it was probably occasioned by the arrest of an Indian who had committed some crime; perhaps, as was very common, stolen or secreted a valuable pearL However, JL did not think much of the matter, and toon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large house as compared with most of its neighbours, fenced all around with -walls formed of double lines of strong tough stakes, the .space between than being filled ap with stones gathered apparently from- the sea teA Oa knocking-, I was admitted by Pi-ralta himself, who led the way into <t small room, with wallfi, roughly buSt of wood sod. stone, through which the starlight was shining at many cracks and crevices, awl mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lump. The place •contained hot the most ordinary sort of furniture—a hammock hung in a corner, an oSed bag for holding clothes, a table, and two or three small chairs, or rather large stools. The table, however, was laid out for supper, and showed a capital repast of fish, flesh, and fowl: while a couple of fiasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and begrimed, as though they had long lain deep in a weil-stoeked cellar, made a curious contrast to the cracked crockery and wooden blatters, and hacked and broken knives and forks -which lay beside him. " Ton see," quoth Peralta, " that, though I may hare dealings with kings. I don't by any means lire in & palace." There are idle -vanities and substantial vanities, mj friend. Diamonds and pearL*. laces and gildings, brocades and velvets arc of the former class; hut good meats to cat, and good wines to drink, are of the latter. Now you see I am an admirer of the substantial vanities. I i«»ve to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though it be picked up with a broken one-pronged fork, and. I Lore to drink the choicest vintage «r Rhine or Rhone, without at all wning whether I put my lips to a golden cap which Beavenato hath wrought, or to a e&labash; which Qoako hath scooped before sapper." So saying, the peaxi merchant started the «erk from one of the flasks, aad I tasted certainly Aa most delicious draught which •rer tingled on my palate. " Hat" qa«& my entertainer, as I held the empty cap to be refilled, "you find that -better than even the most skilful •impound of rye brandy and bilge -water. ("est bien afort—you have a palate which I gtieve t» eay many gentlemen of your kind and profession possess not, preferring the hot strong drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas tsvems. even, to each adorable nectar as t&s.; Why, man, hold out thy glass again, the grand Lows himself cannot fish up a choicer flask from the most sacred crypt beneath the marble pavements of Versailles." Talking in tiiis way—relating to me sfeaup anecdotes touching great generals and statesmen, and even kings, with whom mr host, to believe his wards, had held ftwmWnr converse, and thfe mordl of all these stories being, that the gtaeab and statesmen and kings in question as BbipM, and as easily to he eulled and fetched at as mere ordinary mortals—the a tipper and one of the wine flasks were soon despatched. Then, plaeingthe fragments in a oacner, Peralta produced a sort of purse or bag ol filagree workmanship, in bright silver, and which seemed to be the only thing of pace in his dwelling—always excepting the meats and wines—and taking from it some tobacco of most delicate savour, wc began to HI***" and discos the second bottle, which was of a different kind from tike first, the wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and coming, as he told me, from Dijon in Burgundy. While we eat thus, my entertainer took allnoet aU the conversation to himself. He spoke of things sew and strange to xs&: of the crown jewels of mighty potentates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in the filthy bad: lanes of the cities of Bfcrope—in the Jewry of London, the Jndenstasee of Frankfort, snd the Ghetto of " And yanr brave Christian goes past, stopping his nose for the savours of fish fried in oil, and elbowing and jostling the hookasaed, dabby old mm who way, wkh msay a 'Give you good e'en, my Lard; * aad ' Faugh •' says he, ' these Htfnkrng unbelievers ; why he they not packed bodily off to their holy city again '—and so ytisee he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss knur's hand; while ell the time—ia J ha! ha I—that very king is thinking and ponder - lag in his small mind how best he can squeeze the next subsidy oat of his faithful wlieBaui towns, and so release the brightest jewel in the regalia, now held in pawn by old Ifeac, or old Jacob, « eld Abraham, the ¥6iy dirtiest, raggedest, yellowest-skinned aajd liookedest-noKed of the whole brother-' hood—ha! ha ! ha r The pearl merchant said this with so mnch gitto, and laughed with eo much glee, that I began to Hiink he mast be one of the fraternity hrhtsplf. Hie aeemed to divine. my thoughts, as if £ had spoken them, he, as it were, " No, no, no * Seaec Jgpeaaneer, although Ifcavemnoh traffic with xhesBed of Abraham, Sam none of theirldndred ; wen I such, I 3h«e iolivein ja My :flntertuBer^l2iaa jnat -ma with -his ajgrips ol Baropeaaooazts, and J wae listeni lh^ with open month, as ob told, with many K.qmp and many a anser, how, nnder the KgManee of one Cbifibteh, lie had one night p^eed up the bockstairsat Whitehall to hold aifleeret uterine w with Xooisede Qoexailles, aince Duoheasof Portsmouth, tonching eeri Jewels which it was oonvexuent toruse span until there ahoald come a reoe from like coartof TenauQae, through Xonsignear StdSon, - die ambassador of Sima; when all it cncethereeainea load ifgp, accompanied iy a drill whistle, at the abtiir. Pealta started qukkly lm, but with- •S& appearing at all dissomposed, and openthe door-with speed, a handsome fellow, Klanlatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in, Isimrng at the same moment, in a load Fa&n; and £lanoo are both detected!" Then, seeing me, ho stopped as suddenly sa though fas had been out; bat Beralta apeedHyreaosaredhim. "Go oa, man; go on. Ha who siandeth thfxe is my friend; he is one of ns; go on. HavetiiesyoMi&ssed;?" «AD,^znnBed the audatto. "Sbeyfirst faBSffitrun, and then a great deal mote ti^a the trnth, in hopes ttie better to Bave Jgateda. I inuerai ia^with fiieminto and baud it afi. Zha arMirmaia i stood'stall for amoaWLaadthen aiUluailaglj, "DothitWowf" m. IS^iriai^a m bonl tte. iftagnaf-. - OTlaUa aoa&fl; Be. -^l a^poae.- ^aath he," "None, Eonr, T replied," wondering with my whole soul at the meaning of this strange scene. "Follow me, then, and do as I do,"replied Peralta- He swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when he saw me copying Bis example to the letter. Then, blowing the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously amongst the scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, so put none, though I was almost bursting with curiosity. In a minute or two we heard the measured tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of their amps burst forth together as they marched round the comer of a small street, followed by a great many Indians. There was a hollow place close by where he stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either ride. Into this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging frimaglf flat upon the ground, while the mulatto and I followed his example. In a minute the soldiers marched by. wiih their attendant rant of IndLins gabbling and chattering very eagerly. " Now, - ' quoth Peralta. " for the beach, and make as little noise as you can in running." With these words, off be set, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought possible. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind meeting nobody, although we heard a distant tumult of voices in the rancheria, and the tramp of people running hither and tluthcr. There were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery-jetty, and sheering backwards a ad forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at Whitehall Stairs, we following closely upon his heels; bat jnst as ?we had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars,' Peralta cried out to tis to hold, and then stepping back upon the jetty, very cooly cast loose the painters of the whole of the remainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of the ropes together, as a coachman does his reins, he shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our wake. "Pall away, my good follows," Peralta then said, taking an oar cut of one of the skiffs behind us, " I will steer you." Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see, by the lights which came dancing all down the beach~from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to himself. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, "it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must when Hw devil or an angry Spaniard drives." All tibia time we -were shooting swiftly down the liver, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As wo polled, Peralta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, "Disco * Disco, ehoy! " A long shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her twe high "raking masts, and, pausing on onr oars, we heard the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. " Disco is all awake," said Peralta, and in a moment store we were alongside and tumbling into the piragua, which, notwithstanding her very considerable size, was so light as to rock violently as, one hp one, we leaped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have beat jnst aroused by the clamour on shore, and be asked eagerlv what the matte was. " The matter," said Peralta, " is that we must get to sea as soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher—that puff quite ruffled the water. Jenipa,^ this was to the mulatto, " jump forward and cut the cable— no time for weighing. Disco, get a sweep or an oar out on the larboard bows to oant her head round. Xondsay, bear a hand my . and get the oanvas upon her, or some of our friends ashore will be swimming down upon ua with their knives in their teeth-" Hie coolness of Peralta was capital to see. Just as Jenipa's knife went -with a cheep through the strands of the hemp. Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bows of the piragua, she swung round with her head towards the shore we had just left, while Peralta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the foresail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of us clapping- on to the haulyards with all onr might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the top of the mast, and then catching the faint puff of the eea breeze, which has but little power when it Wows in the nighttime, the sail swelled gracefully' oat, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, mnfl ratting to ns all to get the mainsail upon the piragua. We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugsail was Tory soon hoisted by rapid jerks, up the mast, and when after having made fast the haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide aaOs stepping. I heard no load rushing gargls, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet the lights upon shore were flying by os as thoagh we were borne on horseback towards the soa—the groat white flakasand stripes of froth which had floated into the river from the bar, glanced part, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble—while Hie skiffs which Peralta had cat locse were almost outof sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at "Your WHl-^tihe-^^1^^ he fast* Senor Buccaneer,"' he said, bat no aaft that ever eame off the stocks of European ship-buiLders will sail with the boats vrfiieh the Tndtawtt—savages we eeU them—«m eooop with rode tools out of a single gkoou tree. Do we not knove Bke an appantion—a eea epiiitF Ithe Spaniards titan as in HKirainmsf wooden boxes, fha piragoe will \- her name, thoagh all tha she ghde lika ona fleeting to the sepulchre at) the first glimpse of the light af thexaam- \- fp« - 1 ' ' • ' ' ' ' [lookBd at Peralta, bcgpnniagr to euspeet that the niddea. fldzry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapour a little; but, if it were so, he vayaota easaa to him self. Hark!" said Disco, "fiw gta£ oa fiu bar." And see," added Jenipa, " (ha fights of the Pearl Meet dose to the offing." : "Slorimid, end look oat>, both of yon," cried Paralta, (handy. " Keep your eyes open on either how. * Meantime laiDoched down by the steersman on the weather- quarter. The lofty lights of die frigate were mnch further to sea than the squadron die guarded. Indeed, the gnat ship cared not for approaching 4 too closely the many banks and spiiaof sand, whichxun out bum the bar, and over which most of the smaller barques eould .float verywdL The leading ehipa/however, appeared to be aa close to the haroaaaa side aa WB were on the other. "Now," aaid Peralta, "gnudi that the stupidity of thoee fellowa ou i&ore; will keep them from making ai£ sgnal to their comrades out at sea/' But the words ware hardly outof bis month, whentise water and die sky Were lit up witha Brightly flash, and the loud repoct of * {niljpm-amtdlbt. tOTof^AyMlphnteabttbiBttiiifett —cams ^rolling down jtfce river; «uft hnWiatMy afterwards a •ta*Spw*f«akp of«maU"anns ah^hW^^^amt «s though' die down V'fitorboawL ataritward. Keep heraUtOe ahead, I .saw the . streak of dark water, leading to the open 1 seat at the same time that the fleet ofpeari fiahera answered the alarm from ashore by Hn^g torches, waving lanterns, and shouting and blowing horns, just as they had done the night that the privateer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this moment, we having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of the night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron. bars. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled in from the offing —not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing the foam spackiiigly up into the air, but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying than swimming—borne more by the winds thn waves. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fashioned a craft—so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and bend,' and quiver in the seas—but ever on, gaily and lightsomely she went, sliding, as it were, without noise and without shock, leaping with a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swells, which now, as the water shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by as, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he liLxned his piragua to a noiseless gliding ghost. 'While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she -was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of peaii fishers. The whole thing passed over me like a vision—a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and —r -with their canvas flapping, andyards, and ropes, creaking and moaning, and rattling together—of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torches and lanterns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Peralta to lie to, and put about— and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in the air. At; this I" say, appeared to pass by mc like a vision or a dream—and it only lasted for a few brief moments—for the piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me iook upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew Ihroujh the panic-struck sqaadron, who could no more catch her, than they could the shadow ol her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragua's fore rigging, bat even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed hemp fell hack into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with, the whole of the squadron, save one or two loiterers, behind ns. Jnst then, the frigate, who was a couple of miles "or bo in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. »*' Ho! ho! ho laughed Peralta- " Here mes the elephant the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little." And, indeed, any attempt of the big ship to follow as would have been jnst about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more sons, whether with 6hot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, ehe stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, Bending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to learn thb cause of all the uproar. Mean time we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well thw™!, and then setting the head of the boat about nor- nor-west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same tune make good way through the water, we trimmed the Bails neatly, and cried, " Northward Ho! for Jamaica." For shout an hoar, during which time little sa spoken, Peralta held the helm. He then called ns all round him,, and apportioned the wagshaa in tfaa ordinary Gasman fashion—I beingplaced with DLno, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, ws tossed up whose watch should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the management of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the in of a reef. Then creeping beneath the half-deck which extended from the hows to abaft the foremast, he soiled himself up along with Jesipa, and the pair went very quietly to sleep. During onr watch, whicn was tranquil, I tziea to obtain some information from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of onr very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I oujrht to know hums about the reason of our departure than he, having come xrom the shore, while he had been sleeping on board the piragua. At that I told him what! had heard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the truth. The and 'said he eoald make mo thing «f it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binnacle lamp shone upon bis bronzed features, that he understood muah more of the matter than he chose to oonfeBS." Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to consider the whole affair, and putting Peralta's hints about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the raerohant bought of the captain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considenUy cheaper rate, by dealing quietly with the openers themselves, to whidt class I concluded that Juan and Blanco must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I remembered much that I had heard touching the gPBptft of pearls supposed to be aeorated by the Indians, HA spite of Hub utmostvigilBaoe of the Spaniards.. Jamaica daofs had, Ikaew, "n* Mode mow gone to Ian fTimha, hrriagfcwapat ^lnvaoaumsdiHgniaeB, iuxk' («oast, and ofoooree keeping up „ . iimiwttion with the Indian divers and mean! but the snroftmi and couiage shows hyPecalta in living as a Spaniard jOpskdy amongst Spaniards, and aapportiug the character of a regular peart merchant, communicating with the captain ol the fishery, while in reality ho was driving the best part of his trade by underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, bo doubt, at great and'constant risk of detection and death ; all this inspired me with no small respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of the piragua. Then I thought with what oool genendatip be had «o&ducfced; the retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking his measures with as gnat oompoearo anil deliberation as if he ware departing upon a pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with him the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that he must have amassed; but a few minutes reflection oonvineed me, from the perfect •unoonoem with which be bad walked out of fiie but, not [caring to pick up any one article of those strews about, that all the valuables which be possessed on shore, be carried couatantly concealed about bis person. Indeed, in the matter of each costly toya as pearls, or precious stones, n man's owa garment* formed by far the '.safest depository to ho found ia. the can- While hsoo&injjr; over thaw things, the frgftwprijBrife^W. W the dawn, Poealks relieved me, and we crept fit amrJam usa^^^JJ^de^a^^Umta mMw^^Www frtaggenngah*] i^Ste^tta.^Mr^ Mla tact enough to see that I ought to refrain from aeeming to intrude upon Ids mystery. As I wafafted him, however, I often saw him bite his thin lips, and wrinkle his forehead, and clench his haud, as if distressing thoughts haunted him; and at last he broke out, addressing nobody in particular, bat speaking moodily to himself— "Those poorfeUowa!" he cried, "those poor fellows, Joan and Blanco—I would give every pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and Bound in this piragua. The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, indeed, it may have been already done,'and their bodies are swinging in this same sea- breeze?" Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort we could have possibly made would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. "No, no," said Peralta. " We could not have got them out of trouble; but we have been the cause that they fell into it." TTP pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew it forth, the hollow of the palm filled wiih small pearls, all glistening in the sun, like beads of frozen tnilk. Then be poured the precious morsels from one hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. " Ay," he cried, " and you will sparkle in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across the western eea. Little will she think how her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornment are but as coagulated drops of human blood. Bed, red, you ought to he, and not of that lying virgin whiteness—red, red, you ought to be, as the guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood of the ha^deesmen who, erenow^are doubtless^but At this, I observed Jenipa and Dis30 exchange curious glances wim each other; but Peralta, after musing for a short space farther, put the pearls back into their hidingplace, and resumed, to a certain degree, his ugual manner. " I doubt not, he said to me," presently, but that your acuteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. The two poor savages of whom I spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their ingenuity and courage, many a rare pearl hath come to my wallet, instead o£ their Spanish task-masters. But all is over uo-.v. While I remained on shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it beien within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring them off, hut it fell out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find the next world a better one than this.' Having pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, m&sts; bendipg, canvas swelling, and sheet and hanlyard cracking and straining : the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming-, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polished sides, she tore away upon her headlong course. My spirits, loug drooping under captivity, now came flushing hack, sending & young hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragua for veiycheery- heartedness—Peralta smiling slyly at my antics—and sometimes lifting up my voice, I sang- an echoing l Iiotus to the music of wind ana wave ! " A day or two,* I thought, "and I shall see. sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jem, the truehearted, and Nicky Hamstring, the merryminded!" Alas! not.so fast, Leonard Lindsay—not so fast! There are perils and sufferings for you, by sea and land, ere you step upon Knglish ground again! CHAPTER XXV. THE riEAGUA IB PICKED VP VT X GEEST MVLXEEB, AXD I nss KT5EU V AltOXOr JTEW 6HIPKATKS. We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. At the setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle watch. I roused up about an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua heaving upon smooth, oily swells, all uu> ruffled even by a puff of wind. There was a great dank mist around us, packing upon the water as thick as smoke from a man-ofwar's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chQl damp. I walked up and down the small fore deck of ihe piragua, tryinjr, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow sway to leeward the filthy fog, which fceemed, as it were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the piragua. St aiding at the bows, I could not see the stem, an das for the heads of the sails they were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as the bWk-looking undulations of the sea rolled underus, the mist seeming to rise andfall with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from the motion of the waves, although not a breath of wind strayed over the ocean. I might, have been npon duty about half an hour, when I almost leaped from the deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whence I knew not, but ringing shrilly through the thick air, a loud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. " Disco/' I shouted, " did you hear that? What was that cry 1" But the Indian, instead of answering me, stood dumb and trembling, as though struck with tenor. Instantly the ay vas repeated, and even loader and more vehemently thaa before. " It is a spirit," eaii the Indian. " It is seme bad spirit of the fog. It will come to us and kill us.'* But I heeded sot the superstition of the ignorant creature, and made but one hnnnd to where Peralta lay sound asleep, clutching and shaking him to arouse him, and telling him in tha same breath that there was either a ship or a boat eloso aboard of us in ths fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their le&sina; momft, and for the space of about tea mhmtya yo listened witto all our ears, but hsaid no Bound, other than the flapping of our sails and the oreakine of the yards as they rubbed and swayed against the masts. It was odd that, although both Disco and myself beard theory so distinctly repeated, we neither of ub conld tell the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oar*, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as mnch aea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, and which would certainly be more than a match for the light piragua and her crow of four. All this while the dawn was gradually brightening through the mist; the fog, which before was of a pitchy darkness, becoming gradually of a pale grey hue, and then lifting and opening here and than, eo as to show lanes, as it were, and patches ef dear air, which, in the next moment, would be again filled up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mist was evidently thinning as the sun approached to the horizon, and we watched warily to catch the first glimpse of our unknown neighbour. Presently, the fog began to change its cold white hue for a tinge or fclndi of warm and golden light, which appeared, as it warn, Co penetrate and pervade the vapour, and by which we knew that the can had riseo; while, at the same time, mr glimpses into the evBr-Ehzftirtg hmrm and dear apaem ooutinually being formed ty the motion of the seething wreaths •&& jnaases ot WW, basmuiur evwy momBnt longsr and claarov-reralta, who was standing npon the starboard gunwale of ihe jpiragua, judden^.w^ipod, in alow, cari&ttone;, looktiwer We all turned round at ouee, and newV«bt tbirfr tobomsfrom «*, ihe diufrfr broadside ^podwijwtim-mm # > % mist all ending round her, and floating,- as it appeared, in blurring patches and masses among her extended sails, so that the masts and all the fabric of spars and canvas which they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no time, however, to make any veiy minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon as we saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into the main ringing, shouted out, in French and Kr.^lish, that we should pull the piragua alongside. I looked at Peralta. He slightly shrugged his shoulders. " If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " Hb t the piragua ahoywas now again hailed from the strange ship— " come alongside, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you." This threat had hardly been uttered, when, as if to back it, a cannon was fired from the maindeck, and we heard the ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pass above our masts. Bat &e; discharge of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away, and, as it were, condensing and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around—so that we saw, veiy plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top-gallant- sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging in a loose and disorderly condition—the jib indeed hanging in great festoons down from the bowsprit—so that when the ship plunged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pouring from the belly of the sail as from a tab. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to be a great swarm of men, who suddenly clustered upon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a variet with long unkempt fv"»' and torn . and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed oat— " Why, comrades, never believe your eyes —if it be not Old Rumbold, of. Port Royal ia Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer. Old Bnmhold ? Hast been a privateering in a bark canoe—or chaffering with and (heating the honest Tndia-ng of the Main 1" Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or Ilumbold that he wus an honest fellow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearlmerchant, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. Had it not been for that cursed fog," he •whispered, "this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'en row with the tide and humour them." ITO BB OOXTISOSD. 