TIIE IHOLY IlAN. Yen Tszee was very old. In all the villages, for many miles around, none was so old, none so wise. He had sold all he had and given the money to the poor one year, when the Ho-Ang-Ho had broken over its banks and had swept all the rice and millet crops down toward the sea. He had been very rich, and his benefactions had saved many hundreds of people from starvation. But when they blessed him and would have given him back his great possessions after one or two prosperous seasons, he would not. "Let be, my children," he said. "MIy forefathers made me rich, and I have no son to leave riches to. Be you all my sons and enjoy your heritage now." So he dwelt in a little house he had builded with his own hands on the mountain side, and ate of the millet which he grew on a little patch of ground he had cleared, and wanted nothing. And because he was wise lie healed the people when they were sick, and prayed for them when they died, and taught them many proverbs from the writings of the poets; for his books only he had not sold. And so they would have wor shiped him, but he forbade them, saying: "I am a man also. Pray not to me till I am dead, for then it may be that I can hear and can help you." Meantime he prayed always, to his forefathers and to Buddha And he builded him a little prayer wheel for himself and set it in the brook that ran down the mountain side, so that night and day his prayers wero always rising to Buddha for his soul. But he builded a greater wheel for his neighbors, and set it where there was more water, for lihe said: "I am only one, and they are many." And every year lhe made a long pil griniage to the banks of the great river that none can see across because there are mists and clouds and always the farther bank is veiled in darkness where Buddha, and the pious dead who are ghosts, live forever. And lie prayed always for the boatmen to come to him and ferry him across the great river where so many were crossing every day; but lie came not. Yen Tszeo vas very sad every year when the boatman came not, and lihe went back to his little house on the mountain side with a heavy heart; but the people rejoiced when ho returned; for they loved him. And holie would sed that they were glad and lie would forget his sorrow, until the winter would come' again, when lie could not work in the field nor visit the sick, and the days were dark, and the nights long. Then he prayed, saying: "Because I am very old and my arms and my legs are weak, and because I have no more joy in my body, I would cross the great river," and again he would make the pilgrim age and watch and wait for the boat man; but he came not. But at last there came a winter when it was nine times colder than he had ever known, and when the snow was very deep. And he could not go to his neigh bors when they were sick, and they could not come to him, for they were sick, and lie was old and very feeble. And lie went again to the river. The way was long, and his poor, thin legs bent under him as he toiled through the snow and ice, and his heart failed him because lie was sick with the cold; but he went on till he came to the river, and the boatman was there, and the boat was there. Then Yen Tszeeo said: "Are you come to take me across the river?" And the boatman, who was old and bent, and who wore a thick veil, said: "Yes, if you are ready." And Yen Tseo said: "I am ready." Yen Tszeo was very glad, and he drew near to the boat to step in that lie might cross the river; but when lihe came near, lie stopped and shrank back, for there was no bottom to the boat, and there was nothsing but water for him to step on, and the water was very black and colder than ice. He shuddered, and said: "I amn very cold and I am too old and weak; I cannot go in the water." Then the boatman said: "If you have faith, the water will be as the bottom of the boat, and you shall go across the river; but if you have not faith it will not hold you up." Then Yen Tszeo said, "I have faith," and lhe stepped into the boat, and lot the water bore him up even the same as the wooden bottom of a boat. Then the boatman pushed off from the shore, and Yen Tszeo was very much afraid, for the river was very swift and the boat was old and rotten, and the wa ter seemed to rise up on either side; and he thought the boat and the boatman and he would all sink. And lie prayed to Buddha. The boatman rowed hard and spako never a word; but lie pulled up the stream, and not straight across, and the harder lie pulled the slower the. boat went, for the water raged terribly. Then they floated away from the shore, so that Yen Tszeo could neither see behind nor before him, because the mist that is al ways over the river was very thick. While they were in the middle of the river Yen T'rzco saw a man swimming in the icy water, and lie was alrmost spent, so that lie could swim no more anld was near sinlking; and Yen Tszeo called to thie boatiman to stop so that tlhey should save the nman. But the. hboatman said: "No, Wo cannot stop to save him; because if we do you cannot go across the river, for I cannot carry two across." Then Yen Tszeo wept sorely, for lie longed to go across; but he said: "I can. not see this man perish. We must help him. Stop and I will pull him into the boat." And the boatman stopped and Yen Tszeo pulled the drowning man into the boat, and when he looke: at his face he saw that it was his own body that he had rescued. And hoe wondered greatly and looked up at the boatman, and lol the boatman's veil fell off and Yen Tszeo saw that he was not old and bent, but that he was a beautiful angel. Then the clouds and mist rolled away, and they camo to the other side, where Yen Tszeo saw Buddha and many angels, And he dwelt thero.-Fales-Curtis in New York Independent. 