LEGENDS ABOUT TREES. Tkees, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of heathen an tiquity, as well as of our Christian pro genitors relate to trees"; ^vhile poets in all countries and aggs havfe borrowed from them their mostjlaffiia^Kiina®i®3?andieoKi pansons. Some" offtkesgi varied-i allusions, gleaned from vairifms dfiartei'®: wei haife here set down, iff) the benef tlrS^they-will bp interesting to our readers. We begin "wi|li the apple-tree, so singu larly connected with the iirst transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandi navians, and Druids. The golden fruits of the Hesperides, which it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were, believed by the pagans to be apples. Hercules was worshipped by tlie Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek Melon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Bdda we are told that the goddess Iduna had the care of apples which had the power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the gods, who •ate of tliemwlien they began to feel them selves growing old. The evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna and her apple-tree and diid them m a forest, where they could not Tie found by the gods. In consequence of Jhis malicious theft everything went wrong an the world. The gods became old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look-after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining.together, forced Loke to restore the tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because the misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of tins feeling, the apple was cultivated'in Britain from the earliest age of which we have any record, and Glastonbury was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Romans. Many old rites and ceremonies are therefore connected with this tree, some of . which are practised in tlie orchard district's even at the.present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on: All Hallow E'en, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of the Church, was com pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook "of, each taking out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing" for apples on All Hallow E'en, and on All Saints' Day, whicli was formerly common over afi England, is still prac tised in_ some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof, of the room, and an apple placed at one' end and a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead: In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same man ner; hut the lighted candle is omitted, and in tlie same county children roast apples on a string on Christmas Eve; the first who can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god Baal, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred fire of their priests. This was the origin of the Yule log, with which, even so lately as the midd3e of last century the Christmas fire in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of the following year. The Yule log was always of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall tbem if any accident happened to the Yule log. The worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was erected on which the sacred fire was kindled. Before the cere mony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, which, how ever, were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-day, which, according to some, is a relic of Druidisnj,. Tlie well-kqown chorus of " Hey, dsiiy dowib" a> * "" .«■ , rang nfieKgly, In a' cajajlfe" flje oak move arfiuijd." Gprnqnals were tried under an oak tree,, the judge with the jury being sesiSa- ipfier ibs-filiade, and the culpril p&fced; ial a eifiele . made by the chief Druid's waiut The Saxons also held their na&biial; andjar an oak; and the ce&b;^iiBd ©onfiasi^fe between the Saxons and ifch'0 Britons 2£j££ the invasion of the former was fiadunder the oaks of Dartmoor. The mistletoe, particularly that which grows bii the oak, was held m great vene ration by the Britons. At the beginning of their year, the Druids went in solemn pro cession into the forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the finest oak,, on which they, inscribed the names of those gods .which were considered as the most powerful. After this (be chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended the free, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated golden prun ing-hook, the other Druids receiving it in a pure white cloth-, which they lieid hen^fcb the tree. The mistletoe was then ' water by the principal Druid, buted among the people, as a " against witchcraft and d0a$L~ part of the plant touched the gr-OL™, ™ „ ^ considered to be tbe;bmfei| of some dreadful misfortune whicfi SSs about ira fhfl ugon tbe land. The deSembriy was always per formed wfl)?^fS'ejpoofi was six days old, and two white bSHs ytfire sacrificed ah the conddsion. in $riaddiaisv«in mythology, Lotee,'tlie evil spirit, is said to haye made the arrow with which he wounded Balder (Apolfb), the son of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balde? Wis charmed against injury from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but tlie mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored to 'tlie world till by a general effort of the other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and O vid. In the dark ages a similar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of Holstein, and some other countries, call tlie mistletoe the "spectre's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a man to see ghosts, but to force them to speak to him. The custom, of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under her control, ana to prevent it from being again used against her as an instrument of mischief. In the feudal _ ages it was gathered with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung up in the great liall with loud shouts and re joicing. The holly, like some other evergreens, has long been used at Christmas for ornamenting chinches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first made use of for this pur pose by the early Christians at Rome, and was probably adopted for decorating the churches at Christmas, because holly was used m the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among the Romans to send boughs of holly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts they presented to their friends at that season; and the holly came thus to be con sidered as an emblem of peace and good will. The ivy was dedicated by the ancients to Bacchus, whose statues are generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of the god of wine its praises have been sung by almost all poets, whether ancient or modern. Many reasons have been given for the consecration to Lacchus of this plant. Some poets say that it was'because the ivy has the effect of dissipating the fumes of wine; others, because it was once his favourite youth, Cissus; and others, because it is said that the ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy the vines, and that it was thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. The most probable, however, seems to be that the ivy is found at Nyssa, the reputed birthplace of Bacchus, and in no_ other part of India. The ancient Greek -priesfc? prfcentedjiyrereatli of-ivy: tpaiewly marn&d; per^ns a»a.symbolji>f the ciosenegsy <w? tie whicjf' ought -to biivd them • ^gepier, tm.d Ptolemy Phiibpater^ldn^df; Egypt, ordered all the Jews who would abjure their religion and attach themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, some of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with the motto, " I die where I attach myself," 'and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. The jasmine is no less celebrated for the delicacy of its odour and flowers than for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which pre vails. in some countries of brides wearing -jasmine _ flowers in their hair, is said to have arisin from the following circum stance:—A'grand duke of Tuseany had, in 1699, a plant of the deliciously- scented jas mine of Goa, which he was so careful of, .that he would no sufferit to be propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with - a peasant girl-in the neighbourhood, gave her a sprig- of this choice plant on her birthday; aiid he having taught her how to make cuttings, she planted the sprig, as a memorial of his affection. It grew rapidly, and every one who saw it, admiring its beauty, and sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. These the girl supplied from i cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure, always deck themselves on their wedding-day with a nosegay of jasmine;, and. they have a proverb, " tlia,t she who is worthy to wear a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a for tune to her husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it" was held sacred to Venus. The name is said to have been taken from thatof Myrsine, an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffer ing love to overpower her- wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by her- offended'mis tress, and- taken: pity on"by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang- from the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of: myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess were always surrounded by groves of myrtle ;■ and in Greece she was i adored under' the name of Myrtilla. Pliny ' says that the Romans and Sabines, when I they were reconciled, laid down their arms. I under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the- symbols of authority worn by the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel-wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had. gained a victory without bloodshed. The rose has been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries and in all ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance; and to Cupid as an emblem of fugacity | and danger from the fleeting nature of its ; charms and the wounds inflicted by its ! thorns. It was given by Cupid to Harpo crates, the god of silence, as a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for tliis reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of drinking and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which what was intended to he kept secret was said to he told " under the rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red—according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from the blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and its thorns to "be the strings of tlie bees with which the arc of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of the rose is, that Flora; having found the dead body of one of her favourite nymphs, whose beauty could only be equalled byher virtue, implored the assistance of all the gods and ;oddesses to aid her in changing it into a lower which all others should acknowledge to be their queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of liis beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Po mona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle is often represented on antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, and this is supposed to he an emblem of a man enervated by luxury—the beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell of them will cause its death. . Among the Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their feasts, strewed their banqueting apartments with its leaves; and their ladies used rose water as. a. perfume. Throughout the East it was still more extensively celebrated; the poetical allusions and legends relating to the rose being numerous enough to fill an ordinary, volume. That which represents the nightingale as singing for. its love, is perhaps the prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The ' origin of- Hie fable is thus told in the | Languciffkof- Flowers'.—" In a curious frag ment by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled BuFruFNameh—the Book of the Nightin gale—the birds appear before Solomon, and chMge the nightingale with disturbing their Pest, by the broken and plaintive sfraihs which he warbles forth all the night in a sort of phrensy and intoxication. The nightingale is summoned, questioned, and acquitted- by- tiie wise kifig, because the bird love for the resh drives dsstinctipih Mid causes him "to break forih into those: passionate riMaii touchmg eomMmSfe whiSh are laid to his charge." "The raBanq&alfib; assert tliat the nightingale in spring-fliif ters round the rose bushes, uttering incessant complaints, till, overpowered by the strong scent, be drops stupified on the ground." The Catholic Church has also added con siderably to. "the legendary history of the rose. A golden hose was considered so honourable a present, that none hut crowned heads j&dStesht; worthy either to give or to receive it. Roses of this land were sometimes consecrated by the Popes on Good Friday, and given to such poten tates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; the flower itself being an emblem of the mortality of the body, and the gold of which it was com posed, of the immortality of the soul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Rome, and the day on which the cere mony is performed is called "Dominica in Rosa," The rose was always considered as a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, and enters into the composition of most of their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, to award a crown of roses to the girl who should be acknow ledged by all the competitors to be the most amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village—a custom which, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of France. In the middle ages, the knights at a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, and that beauty was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considered so precious in France, that in several parts of the country none hut the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find it mentioned among the rights of manors, that their owners were em powered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had for merly a day of ceremony, called " Baillee de Roses," because great quantities of roses were then presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to the ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that were ready to spring up and ■ gladden all his pathway. In Persia, when a man is convicted of robbery, they put him in a brick tank by 1 the roadside, pour plaster of paris around liim till he is suffocated, and leave hirq j standing there hermetically sealed up as a warning to all who pass that way. 