Oceaon. .Reminiscences. Let me recall a trifling incident of my ship-board life, an' ciperience small and brief, indeed, but vividly fresh and of clearest and keenest outline in memory. We were on the Mozambique parallels, well to the eastwards; the weather hot, the sky cop. perish, and the sea of a eallowish blue, with a thick, slow flow of a swell as of the water was heavy and sluggish with oil; a weak breeze of wind blew off the port-quarters, with a sort of sting of heat in it, like the bite of the sun itself ; and the ship under all setudding-sails on that side went rolling for. ward in a kind of loathing way, as though alive to the trucks with instinct ; and I very well remember the slopping noise of the water as it fell from her bow like flinging bucketfuls of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon, when the thickness over the starboard bow died out along the horizon tfere, and showed the tea-line clear to the edge of the ocean, with a twisting and glancing of yel. low fires init from the sun, as though lines of molten brass were slowly sinking in it. It was then that a sail was made out some three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap. parently a largo ship, showing to her courses with her mizzen.topmast gone, and the spanker-gaff naked, with some 'colors flying at it. As we slowly rose her she showed like a frigate upon the water, with her band of broken Torts and her big wing of standing jib; and I heard the captain tell the mate, after taking a long view of her through a telescope, that he believrd she was such and such a ship, naming a well-known Indiaman of those days. She was in distress, it was now gathered; for it seems that she carried a brace of signal halliards at her gafftend, on one of which was heisted the English ensign, jack down, while on the other fluttered a row of bunting out of Marryatt's Code, signifying that there was erious sick ness on board. .I can see that ship now as I saw her then; her canvas had the whiteness of froth tounhed by moonshine; she rose and fell very majestically, her ports bristling and fading as she leaned to the heave of the waters. By the aid of the glees, which I furtively employed on the mate turning his back, I could distinctly make out the white quarter-boats swinging at her davits, the gleams cff the glass of her large windows, the hurried shadowing of her sails, as they swung in and out, rind the flags hovering in reds and whites and blues from the peak end. The helm of our ship was shifted for her, and we got her right under our flying jibboom end. There was not enough yawn in the foot of the foresail to disclose her from the poop; and it being now four o'clock and my turn to quit the deck, I strolled for ward on to the forecastle to watch the very noble picture on the sea line, that was ren dered significant beyond expression by her appealing colors, and by the mutilation of her abaft. A group of our Jacks stood against one of the eatheads, gazingtoo. I had not been looking above three minutes when one of them exclaimed in a hoarse voice: "What, the blazes I Is that there muok a-drawing up around her, or is she a.dis solving ?" " The 'Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't matesl" Eaid a second man, in sub dned voice of mingled awe and astonish ment. " Watch her a-dying out I Smite me, if mortial eyes oever Cee the like of that afore." My gaze was upon the ship as the men spoke; and, sure enough, I observed her ti be slowly melting out. not as though a fog were driving down upon her, but asn a rain bow die, the tints shining and fading and perishing. In a few moments all was blank sea where she had been. There was an expression of dismay on every wart-ridden, whiskered face I glanced at. The captain, the mate, and a number of passengers were moving and mopping like goblino over the brass rail at the break of the poop in search of the amazing phantasm. It was, of course, a mirage; but it took all hands, from the skipper down to the cook's mate, some time to realise Ai, ro marvellous had been the illueion, to substantial to the vision that rolling and stately fabric, so ex quisitely had the painted mirrowing of her fitted the lino of the sea. With some fancy that the real object could not be far off, the captain continued to head in the direction in which the mirage had 'shone until darkness came when the ship was brought to her coureoafrreh. A few days before we sailed from Calcutta we got news of this phantom vesoel. She had been some leagues below the horizon on which her likeness was painted, signalling for assistancetoanother ship seven or eight miles distant from her. Had thi quality of the atmosphere remained as it was, by which I mean had the mirage lin gered a while longer, no doubt we ehould have brought the simulacrum of the other veseel into view. Thus it will be seen that ships as well as men have their ghosts. Totis ricalls to me another- incident, belonging, however, to no experiences of my own. It was the chief mate of this same ship from whose deck we sighted the mirage who told me the story. He was third mate of a very handsome clipper barque, bound to a New Zealand port. The captain of her was a tall, austere man, with a grizzly beard, and an eye of the dead blackness of unpolished jet. Instead of speaking of him as the " old man," his sailors called him " the monk." He was exceedingly reserved, said little or nothing at table or on deck outside such in etrnctions as he had to give; yet, spite of his monastic or collegiate looks, which might have qualified him to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchantman's quarter-deck, he was an excellent sailor, and a man of cousiderable refinrc'nt of speech. Noth>i't particular occurred until theliltle barque c as drawing on to the equator, when it was ot-'erved that the captain grew rest less. lie seemed unable to sleep; through out the night-watches he was incessantly arriving on deck, and for a whole half-hour at a time he would stand right in front of the binnacle, obscuring it to the eight of thie man at the wrheel, and keeping his eye fixed upon the card with the lifeless air of a person acting in his sleep. At noon one day the lati tude was found to be about six miles north. There was a pleasant breeze blowing off the port beam, and the clipper keel was made by the log to be sliding through it at some seven miles in the hour. The captain, putting down his sextant, walked aft to the binotuse and Etood before it, holding his wartchr in his hand. There was a light as of fever in the gaze he rooted upon the dial late. Sud denly he called to the second mate, who had charge: "Hands to the port braces, Get the yards trimmed for a westerly courec. Down be low." The little ship came round with the men rounding in upon the braces too astonished to sing out. The captain walked the deck chafing his hands and chuckling. " Now, sir, we have it," he cried to the second mate. "Have what, eir ?" saked the astounded officer, "The equator, sir," roared the captain. "The &quatorl;" cried the mate, looking round him. , Yes, sir, true as a hair by the magnetie bearinge-a fore and a aft line, sir. Keep to that course, d'ye hear. Not an inch off to port or starboard, or quicker than you can say Jack Robinson I'll blow your brains out I" The second mate, glancing through the skylight, observed the chief officer in the cabin, and with a slight motion of his head summoned him on deck. The man arrived, with a face of wonder, gazing aloft and around, and not a little amazed to find the ship bound to the eastern American eea, board instead of New Zealand, "This is to be an achievement, sir," shouted th capcaintidtoiLim, "that'll rank me foreinostfiniobget the most famous men this century has produced." The mats viewed him with a.stupid look olinterrogation. "Sir," cried the captain, approaching him with an expression of ecstacy on his singu. lar countenance, " the keel of this barque will be the first that ever ploughed the line of the equator without a hair-breadth of de viation for 1000 miles at leaset; and mark you this," he cried, drawing himself erect, and xtelnding his clenched fist at the mate, "if I catch the vessel's head cff her course by the emallest fraction of a point, I will blow out the brains of the man who has charge of the deck at the time." He sla.ppd hisr brcast that the two men might guess what he ccncealed there, and, picking up his sextant, stalked below, The uufortunate creature went entirely out of his mind that night, and they had to pinion him to prevent him frm destroying himself,. or dealiog death to the ship by firing her. lIe died within the week, raving mad, not a little to the relief of the mater, who could do nothing for him beyond seeing him carefully watched. 