A NEW YORK GHOST. . s t (líe*»-Torfe Times.) 4-.MlöEfUltIIKB^NlOHT'8 1ÍT$XK*X. The night of the 14th August, 1882, was insufferably hot. The city; gave mentaremindedione of the '[freestone" manner furnished by a loving old grandmother on cold winter nights in the country. The scorching sun of a burn ing day had blasediupef them that. they were literally saturated with heat, and as late as 10 o'clock, in the evening they beat forth's glow which could be likened to nothing but that which proceeds from hage cook-stove on baking day. The atmosphere was sweltering. At the station-house in West Thirtieth street the officers and' men who were not busy elsewhere grouped themselves in various attitudes about the doorway in the endeavour to get the" benefit of any chance breeze which might wander down the thoroughfare on its way to the river. Some were smoking, and all were engaged in a desultory conversation, when suddenly from a house on the opposite side of the street then came a prolonged shriek which brought every man to his feet and caused them all to forget in stantly that then existed such a thing as a thermometer. Just then one long, blood-curdling, heart-rending, agonised; unearthly shriek, and then silence. Hatless, costless, restless, the men rushed across the street in the direction of the sound. "Following, boys!" exclaimed one of them, and he dashed away like a deer towards the house from" which the sound had issued. "Yes," they choruses, and the next instant dashed up the steps. The house was vacant, the former occupants having found out, a two days before ' i bars an instant the doors were burst open and the men were spread throughout the house searching" it' from top to bottom. /- ii i ' One by one they completed their re searoheaattLnttsr-eed to the ground floor, near,¿heiront door.,. Nothing has been found. Every room in thehouse, every cup- board and closet from cellar to roof had beeaitaarottgaly examined, but not a sign of anything of a auspicious character had beendiaeovered. n The men were perspiring prof asely as they slowly made their way back again to the station-house steps " Well, that beste me," murmured the Sergeant, who had remained at his post, on the steps. "I will swear that the screech came from that house." " So will I echoed each man present. "Humph! somebody has been playing a joke on us, boys, and-hollow what's that" " ' What P" All eyes were instantly turned towards the mysterious house again. - Then, as before, every man started to his feet and rushed across the street. In the window over the front door, in the second story, they had one and all seen a figure robed in white. The light from the street lamps had shone full upon it, revealing the face of a beautiful girl scarcely past her teens. She had stood for a second in a suppli- cating attitudes though appealing for assistance, but" even as the Sergeant spoke a rough hand had been thrust forward. It had seized the; girl by her hair and dragged her rudely back into the darkness, and then certain? that inhuman,. un- earthly scream usa rung through the neighbourhood. > Almost before it bad-died away the man went again in the house, and one and all started precipitately to the room at the window of which they had seen the figure of the girl. The room, however, was entirely empty, nor could any sign of the presence of any one be found. The policeman gazed into the faces of one another blankly. What could be the explanation of such strange proceedings right under their very noses P One and all were prepared to swear that they were not deceived, and the hypothesis that a joke had been perpetrated upon them was as far from solving the mystery as though they had witnessed a deliberate murder. While they were considering what to do, the hallway resounded with a firm tread, and Captain Williams was in their midst. He had returned to the station-house, and the Sergeant, in as few words as possible, half related the strange occurrence to him. '' With him at their head the men made another thorough and complete examination of the premises. Walls were sounded, panels were tested to find if any were moveable, floor- boards were tried to ascertain if any were loose, and every known expedient ar finding a pr-eriblehiding place within the old house was utilised, but utterly and entirely without result. Not a sign of the presence of others than themselves was forthcoming. The policemen. wiped the perspiration from their brows and looked, at Captain Williams for a suggestion. a At length they all returned to the station-house once more, the Captain making his exit last. But just before passing out of the door he touched the man directly in front of him lightly upon the shoulder. " Stay here, leones," he whispered, and their With the others crossed the street, "j "j,,' v ( , , Dennis who had been selected to remain bsaiad^waa only a patrolman, but a manwho was more than' ordinarily shrewd eadjdariÀg Fear was, to him, an unknown quantity. The few words which the Captain had tattered told him plainly what was expected, and he turned quickly back; removed his shoes and hurried once more to the room overhead. ' ~ H CAPTAIN WILLIAMS BBSOLTBS TO SOLVE THE MYSTERY. Among those who returned to the station-house none noticed that Dennis was milling, and the Captain said nothing of having left him behind They seated themselves once more upon the steps and waited in the meantime ex- changing theories by which the strange incidents might be explained. A half hour passed. The station-house dock was just indicating the hour of 11 when the Captain felt his arm gripped convulsively. He turned quickly and discovered that it was the Sergeant. I " Look, Captain," he whispered ; " keep your eyes on that window. I'll swear that I just saw a figure glide past it. Then! sec there!" Even Captain Williams, who had until that moment felt inclined to pooh pooh the whole thing, was startled by what he saw. Just inside the window, and so close to it that she al m of 4 touched it, stood a beautiful girl. Her face, white as the driven snow, had the appearance of being dipped in places runs, for it gleamed and flamed, now brightly, now less distinctly, while round about it there- hung a silvery, misty halo of light, which faded, then grew brilliant again with the regularity of human respiration. She stood with der face almost touching the glass while her arms were stretched high above her head and with her hands elaspeéUtogether, she seemed as though in the attitude of prayer. Hi r eyes were to ptamed,'antM the spectator J could plainly see her lips move as though she were speaking. The men were instantly upon their feet again, but a sharp command from the Captain arrested them ere they could rush forward. Half he said quickly, and then they all remained silent observers of the strange scene. " What can Dennis be doing all this time P". thought the Captain. Fully two minutes elapsed, and then they saw a huge hand thrust quickly forward. It grasped the long fair hair of the girl and, with a savage jerk, drew her back out of sight in the darkness. Then again that terrible, penetrating, heart-rending scream smote upon the air. Two or three of the patrolmen crossed themselves piously; others started up, intent upon making another investigation. ''Wait!" ordered the Captain, sternly. " Let no man move unless I call. Remain where you are until I tell you to do otherwise. He strode rapidly across the street and I passed through the door into the darkness. In a moment he had climbed the stairs I and entered the room where the appar 8 tion had appeared and where he knew ".. I that Dennis should be. IN As he crossed the threshold his foot came in contact with an object upon the floor which nearly threw him. Stopping quickly, he seized it in his iron grasp. But he loosed his hold instantly, for even by the sense of touch alone he recognised the fact that it was Dennis. " What devil's work is going on here ?" he muttered. " Get up, Dennis, and explain yourself." Bat Dennis vouchsafed no response. The Captain shook him vigorously, only to find that the policeman's body was HmpSnd almost lifeless in his grasp. ' ' He shut his teeth, together and inenH ally uttered a vow that he would solve the mysteries of that house before'twenty four hours had passed, The bad to tear it apart piece by piece to do so 1 Lifting tee form of Dennis in his arms as easily as though he were a child instead of' a grown man, he bore him swiftly down the stairs and out of the door! J ' _ P* Reaching the station-house with his -d burden, he carried him straight to his flat own room, and laid him upon the couch, and while the men clustered wonderingly around. was 3 Is he dead P" they asked. in "I fear so," returned the Captain. "Ring for an ambulance. But no; stop! he He is coming to." it, Dennis had uttered one deep, quivering he sigh. Presently it was followed by an other and at length he opened his eyes, it Restoratives were quickly applied, and gg ere long he breathed naturally. t'a The Captain waved his hand for the others to leave them alone, and then closing the door, he turned to the patrol- man. " Now, Dennis," he said, " tell me all about it." " There's nothing to tell, Captain ; how did I get here?" I brought you. What caused you to faint P Did you see anything in the house" .. Not in thing, air." "Hum! Well, what happened from the moment I left you there until you became , unconscious. " Ah, yes" said Dennis, passing his hand across his brow as if to brush away the cobwebs which obscured his memory. I remember now. When you left me I took off my shoes, and went back to the room where" we had seen the girl. I sneaked over into the further corner and crouched down to "await developments. " By-and-by thought I heard a gentle tapping sound near the door by which I had entered, and 1 began edging my way along in order to get close and find out what it was, if possible. Then-then-" T, "Well, what then?" ly "I don't remember much more, sir. I think something must have struck me. >f At all events I was conscious of a sensa- to sation which made me feel as though my p neck was broken, and I don't remember another thing until I opened my eyes here in your room." " Is your neck sore now ? Move it and " Yes, sir; it feels quite lame." "Ah! Do you know how near you were to the door when you were struck ?" " About half way, I should think." I found you close to the sill. Lie there and rest, Dennis. I think that I will take a peep at that house myself." " Take one of the boys with you, Captain There's something wrong over there, and two's better than one." " Nonsense, Dennis. It takes a pretty good blow to lay me out. If you were recovered 1 sufficiently might take you, but-" "I don't think that I will be able to go there again to-night, sir-that is, unless you order it." " Hallo ! What does that mean, Dennis P It cannot be that you are afraid ?" " No, sir; not of men and women : but ghosts are not in my line." "Ghosts!" and the Captain laughed heartily. But Dennis shook his head dubiously. He was quite convinced that the house was infested with beings of the other world, and the captain saw at once that nothing short of an explanation of the mystery could disabuse his mind of the idea. He left him and went out again to the office, where the men clustered around the doorway, were engaged in suggesting explanations of the phenomenon, for it could be described by no other words. III. CAPTAIN WILLIAMS IN THE HAUNTED HOUSE. "Come, boys," said the Captain, "let us make a show of searching the house again, and when the search is finished I want you all to come quietly away and leave me there. Dennis says that something struck him on the back of his neck, and I want to give it a chance to strike me. too." far For the third time that night they crossed the street and entered the old house ; again they searched it from top to bottom, but with no result except that Dennis's shoes were found and returned to him. Then grarabllngly they withdrew, all but the Captain who remained in that mysterious front rooms to meet, if possible, the perpetrator of those strange mysteries which had so bewildered the reserve and officers. But the minutes sped away, and no sound broke the stillness Twelve o'clock came and went, and with it the relief mustered and passed out to their several posts after being told by the Sergeant to allow no mention of the occurrences of that night to escape them One o'clock, two o'clock, and still the Captain waited on in that dark and silent room from which the scream had proceeded. At 2 30 he made up his mind that there would be no furl mr manifestations that night, and he therefore withdrew quietly and returned to the station-house, where he sat for a long time pondering over the matter. That there was a means of communication between t ist house and some other one he did not doubt, but it was so skins fully concealed that daylight was needed as an assistant in ferreting it out. The means of comm' n call in being found, what tires? Would than explain the presence of the beautiful girl or of the rough hand that had so rudely dragged her from her place at the window? Would it account for the phosphorescent glow which had shone upon her face and glimmered like a halo over and around her head?' He shook his head dubiously, for it was indeed a strange thing to have developed so suddenly and in such an unexpected' locality. The following day he- called. -a car painter to his aid, and with him made-a most thorough and searching examination of the house, devoting particular attention to the front room where the apparition had shown itself. He even went so far as to cause several of the floor boards to be taken up in different parts of the house but without discovering a sign of anything suspicions. All means of communication with the rear of the house were and had been securely barred. The scuttle was not only locked but nailed fast; the cellar was inaccessible except from the house and was barred and free from a suspicions sign. Despite the evidence of his own eyes, Captain Williams was gradually forced to the conclusion that he and his men had in some way been made the victims of an expert practical joker. But the screams; the blow which Dennis had received; the girl at the window; the rough hand which had seized her hair; the impossibility that any one joking or criminal, could have escaped from the house without being detected these and other considerations caused him to shake his head in thoughtful disapprobation of his own conclusions. "There is a mystery and I will solve it," he thought. " If I took any stock in ghosts the solution would be plain , but I don't." That night he was no hand at the station-house as SODU as it was dark, and after making a quiet suggestion to the Sergeant that he might not return until late, he walked leisurely down to Thir- beth-street to Seventh-avenue and then back again on the other side of until he reached the home of mi story. 1 '? There he slipped quickly through the door, unseen by anybody, and without noise ascended to the second storey room which had been the scene of the previous night's adventures Ben_atthJtw^rjBiJLeijçarried a small bundle, which he now unrolled, it was a blanket, and he spread it upon the floor in the south-east-corner-of-the-room and then seated, himself upon it to await developments. \- - _ The lights from the street were just sufficiejtfLlo prevent the room from being totally, dark.. From the position whicH. he had selected delight the" benefit of whatever'HgKt washers afforded ~ Should a figure cross the room between him and the windows he must see it. He had been careful not to make a sr end and had come prepared to spend the night there if necessary, in the hope that of the former incidents might be repeated and thus disclosed to his nearer view. The hour of his arrival was, about 9, for Summer days are long and it did not get dark until after 8 o'clock. It was much too dark to permit the Captain to look at his watch, but it seemed to him that he had been there about an hour when he became conscious of a slight noise in the entry. At first he thought it was a gentle tapping sound such as Dennis spoke of having heard on the preceding night, but as he listened more intently he changed, his mind. There could be no- doubt that it was produced by the feet of some one walking back and forth ; " and what little feet they must be," he thought as he bent nearer to catch every sound? "What little feet and what a slight body they must support Shall I go that way or shall I remain here and wait?" He decided upon the latter course, for he presently noticed that the person who was walking in the hallway came a little nearer to the door which connected with the room where he was waiting every time it was approached. By-and-by she will enter," mused the Captain, " for it must be the beautiful girl wh,omJhoisaw at the window. No one else could tread so softly." IV.' CAPTAIN WILLIAMS SEES THE GHOST, | Backaud forth, back and forth, tripped the little feet, until the sound grew exasperatingly monotonous. The Captain began counting the footfalls. Thirteen each way, every time, without variation. " That is strange," he thought. " Can it be that she is counting her steps, or is it a mere coincidence and why does she wander back and forth in that dark hall- 1 way? In this room it is lightly comparison. Ah !" The unspoken exclamation was caused by the sudden appearance in the door- way of the apparition itself. Accustomed as the gallant Captain was to thrilling sights, he could not refrain from an involuntaryiStart of astonishment as he looked upon the creature who had suddenly appearecTaetore'him. She seemed to walk within a halo of light which emanated from her own being. It granted and glistened like { phosphorus, until observance shone With a I peculiar and death-like radiance It rendered her matchless beauty almpst;d*xiueJ and for an instant the doughty officer felt that he was, indeed gating nnou>,,pome-,l thing-supernatural, j But he quickly forced back the idea His first impulse was to lean forward and seize her where she stood upon the threshold as if undecided whether to" £ enter the room or not. his second thought li was to remain perfectly quiet' and await a further developments.. Presently she glided forward a little, edging towards the window where she had been seen to appear' on the previous night, but suddenly she turned and swept back again, disappearing through the door. She was gone. The Captain rubbed his eyes in per- plexity, vaguely wondering if he had indeed seen the vision or it it might not have been, created by his own fancy. [ Still he waited. He did not follow her is through the door, because he knew that this weight upon the creaking boards would I give forth more or less sound, and he felt p that the slightest noise would be sufficient, to to frighten her away for the night Another half hour passed and he was beginning to fear that she would not return when he heard the patter patter of her little feet as they again approached. This time they came straight to the open door without pausing and turning' back as before. To the door, the night it, and on to the very window through which she had peered on the previous night. There he could see the outlines of her figure even more clearly than when she had stood in the doorway, for the phos- phorescent* glow by which he had first distinguished ther only lighted her neck and face and head. " What can it be in thought the Captain, " "N " J Around her neck there seemed to be a ring of are fully an inch in width", while her hair, as it shimmered down her back, glistened, or rather-burneA- wiHi a score or more of fiery jets of different winter- sions, from the crown of herself almost to her waist. Upon her head rested a band of the same fiery substance, broader and fiercer that the ring about her throat. It could be likened to nothing so much as to a brilliant glow-worm which in sees by the side of a country road on a i any night It glowed and burned without apparent heat, emitting the halo which enveloped her as though she had been transformed into a type of incandescent lava which was an essential part of her being. r, The Captain, prosaic and impressions able as he was felt a sense of awe steal I t over him as he looked upon her For an I t instant he was s,)o!!b hand by the sight. Then he raised himself slowly and noise; lessly to his of sets = ' , j Bia idea was t S reach the door quietly grand close it, thus making the incomprehensible creature a prisoner in the room, after which he would strike a light, and solve the mystery Tliocatingrthe-tloorway as well as he a j could in the darkness, which now seemed more intense thy reason of the contrast afforded by the proximity of that phosphorescent glow, he took one step forward, intending to leap over-the rWsiix-' jug space,-and-sa reach the entrance before she could by any possibility escape. The steps was made, and he had gathered himself for the leap,, when suddenly his quick ear detected' another sound a" He paused abruptly in the position which he had~a.H3.imed and listened It was a step, Approaching cautiously and, rapidly; a much heavier step than that of the girl ; unquestionably the trend of a man who was endeavouring to be as silent as possible. 'Til'wait a moment,'? thought the Captain." " and so bag two birds with one shot. This must be the fellow who seized her by the hair and dragged her from the window. I think that I would enjoy getting my hands upon him. Creak, creak sanded the boards, and the Captain turned his gaze towards the girl again, wondering if she would hear the noise made by her approaching enemy and take flight. But she seemed utterly unconscious of her surroundings. She stood there by the window in that attitude of supplication which " had been so noticeable on the previous night. Suddenly the noises in the hall ceased. The Captain listened intently, and could not get the arrand of some person breathing near by The man was evidently in the doorway and about to leap forward upon his victim for such she must be. A s muttered curse, breathed rather than whispered fell upon the listener's years, and then he was conscious that the man glided forward towards, the window where the girl was standing, seemingly oblivious of all things. , Captain Williams also stole forward in Ihejume direction unfilled stood "Between" them and the door. He" had gained a positioning which the man was between. him and the light, and much to his surprise he saw that the newjci>merjwas_aged_ alinostTto infirmity. _ Departed helps to speak, to demand the instant surrender of baTman and girl, when, before he could utter a sound; mÍMtró^8fr#fc1io^foftrinS- KSfid«iid' grasped her by the shoulder, not by the hair this time, the Captain could see plainly But the effect of his touch upon her was startling. She sprang away like a flash and uttered that long, pit racing, blood-curdling scream which secured to set the very air trembling with fright and horror. . But it was a moment, to act, and ere the scream was fairly uttered the old man was struggling in the iron grasp of the Captain. V. THE MYSTERY EXPLAINED. It was, however, a struggle of short duration, for the stranger was quickly borne to the floor. " Now lie there until I tell you to move, or I will make it an extremely unpleasant and extremely painful operation for, you when you do attempt it," said the Captain threateningly. He then proceeded to ignite a wax taper, and presently-held ^ so that the light shone in the old men's face. " Hello !" exclaimed the Captain, who had recognised the face instantly. "What does this business mean, Jessup P What are you up to, eh P?f _ t s " Captain Williams !" exclaimed Jessup with the air of one who is overcome with astonishment and also with"er very evident expression of reliet;.'Ll am glad it is you. " You are, eh P, W>J is that girl!" I " " My daughter, sir." - " Your daughter, humph How did she get in here P How crayon P and" how do you manage to come' and go at will and leave no trace behind you ?" " " She is my daughter, sir, and she is mad-crazy. She lost her reason two years ago. I will tell you the story^sîrj if you will come with me to my house" I " Why, it is on the next street " " Yes, sir : but there is a secret passage which connects it with this Come, I will show it to you." He led the way through the hall and opened the door which led into a low attic over the extension. It admitted them to a short story, not more than four feet long. Jessup opened the door, and then," turning, seized upon the partition which apparently divided the entry from the outer world. ; it slid back quickly, disclosing a flight of steps between the false partition and the real one, down which Jessup led r the Theyj.'travprsed, a long underground, fiaseage-jvay.iaud presently came to the, best of another flight of steps, which they mounted, coming cases a place almost precisely similar to the entry from which they hadlefVthe house- toThirtieth street. "But your daughter ; where is she P" "In her own room by this time, sir She always hurries there when I surprise her as I did to-night. Poor girl, my heart bleeds for her." " Um ! That's the reason why you seize her by the hair and--" "seize her by the (hair! Captain, I would rather die by torture than bart one hair of her head. She has suffered enough, God knows." , ' " " Tell me the story, Jessup,' but first explain that phosphorescent glow which she carries about with her." " That is Boxwood, sir. I am a w trier in words, as you know, and among them I sometimes see one which "I know and buy as Boxwood. I do not know it technical name. It comes from Foster a New York. It possesses a stir age peculiarity. For two days, and sometimes three or four, in damp weather, it will, altar being cut, glow a id burn with a phosphorescent light in the dark. DUe amuses itself far hours with that strange wood when I travesty of it on hand and pleads me to make her a crown, Then she places it upon her bend, and bedeck- ing herself with the slave aged imagines herself an angel. " Her story is a sad one, sir. I will tell it, in a few words. She was formerly afflicted 1 to the habit of walking in her sleep, and one night while in the mine and states to wit hard for us the secret passage into the house where you saw her to-night." " But you should have had it stopped up." " Ah, sir, I did not then know that it existed. Would to God that I i as She w indeed is there in her sleep, and it was days before she returned to m.;. I thought that I had lost her, Do you to. remember the time sir I inquired at the state a house One day she returned to m, but, ah, sir, her reason was gone. The loss of her honour and the inhuman treatment which she had received in that house had destroyed her mind. " For a long time we could not learn where she had been or what had happened but at last, during a lucid interval, she showed me the passage and made me understand all the inhumanity and savagery of her terrible experience "I think that I nearly went mad. alive, sir. Like a maniac I rushed through that passage into the terrible rum e, thirsting for vengeance; .. it it A a. empty; the inmates had tied I returned a heart-broken man,' but I have had t silence, because speaks as could be? no good. " l I nailed up the entrance to the pass- age-way, but Elsie grew so much worse that I was obliged to open it again, as she demanded. She says that she goes there to pray., No one will live there because she frightens them away. They believe her to be a ghost. But when she goes there, which is not often, I follow and bring her back. She screams because the memory of that terrible night there is ever uppermost in her poor mind. " It is a sad story, sir, and I would rather that others should not hear it at least until Elsie and I are gone." After receiving Jessup's promise that he would so choke up the secret passage- way which connected the two houses that it could never again be used, the Captain returned to the station-house. " Dennis deceived me," he mused. I " Instead of receiving a blow which stunned him, he was so overawed at the sight of poor Elsie with her head enveloped in blazing fox-wood, that, he fainted. Ah. well, I cannot wonder at it, and the mystery may rest as it is." . In deference to the old man's wish, the story had never been given to the public until now, when it is related as one of facts which are stranger than fiction, and which are every day happening in our midst. 