A MATCHMAKER'S SHtATAGEM. concluded, " Well, Jack, my boy," cried Mr. Hatch when ho had finished reading, "give 'me your hand. I congratulate vou with all mv heart. Much hap- piness may it bring you, my lad." " Over £100,000 !" said Mrs. Hatch in a dazed way. " Yes, aunt, that's tho solicitor's estimator and- they say it's liklier to turn out more rather than less." " That's about live thousand a year, isn't it. ?" she inquired. "Yes; about that," replied Jack, smiling. Mrs. Hatch took a long breath and reflected. " He can't bo called a- beggar any longer, eh, Maria?" said the Vicar, maliciously. " Really, Mr. Hatch, I'm- astonished at you ; answered his wife, indignantly. (She had now recovered her self- possession.) " Well, Jack, my dear, I congrutulato you, and hope you'll use your great good fortune with fore thought and prudence, and wisdom and grace." "Thank you, aunt," replied Jack, laughing a little. Well, 1 must bo off. The solicitors want to see me again as soon as possible." " You'll . call, Jack dear, on. your way back, won't you?" cried Mrs. Hatch. . " Yes, aunt, just for a moment, to tell you if there's anything new," re sponded J ack, and away ho went. He was not well gone before Mrs.' Hatch was out of the breakfast-room and up to tho boudoir, where lior elder daughters were. " Was that Jack, mamma?" asked the eldest, Louisa. " Yes, Louie, and he's to be back this afternoon, so . you must be par ticular about your dress. Try and look well for once." " What 1" cried Fanny, the youngest, "dress for Jack? What do ' you moan, mamma?" ' : "Mean 1" exclaimed Mrs. Hatch, "I mean that he's inherited £100,000, and if one of you girls don't' share it, you're a paOk of fools." From ;this day forth Mrs. Hatch's bearing and feelings towards Jack Fairservice changed altogether. She invented all manner of devices for at tracting him to the house, and when she had him there, she exerted all hei1 powers of entrapping him. Her eilorts were not altogether in vain, but her success was of such a character as to bo almost as exasperating as complete failure. The fact was that Jack manifested exactly tho same tastes and tenden cies as the Rev. Mr. Windham. Among tho Misses Hatch Mr. Wind ham's favorite was the eldest, Miss Louie, and to Mrs. Hatch's intense annoyance she proved Jack's favorite, too. That was bad enough, but there was worse behind. Mr. Windham had evinced a preference for little Lily Ruth even over Miss Louie Hatch, and so now did Jack. Though obviously very fond . of Louie ho ap peared still more fond of little Lily. This was both an awkward and irri tating state of affairs. Mrs. Hatch wanted both the men for sons-in-law, and both appeared willing to become so, but instead of choosing like sensi ble beings separate daughters they chose the same one. Of course, Miss Louie could not marry them both, yet the only alternative to that seemed to be that Lily Ruth should marry tho otlior. This was gall and wormwood to Mrs. Hatch. Here another very serious considera tion came in. Assuming that Jack and Mr. Windham were to be married to Miss Louie and Lily Ruth, which was to marry which ? Mr. Windhaui was a fairly good match, but Jack was a much better one. If Mrs. Hatch could be sure of securing Jack for her daughter, that would be sortie consolation for Lily having Mr. Windhaui ; but was she? Everything pointed the other way. -Lily was the first favorite of both men, aud tliore- foro she would havo the first choice. Mrs. .Hatch had little doubt that she preferred the curate to her cousin, but then thero were impediments in the way of her marriage to the curate, while there were none as regarded her union with Jack. It therefore be came clear to her that if she did not do something to prevent it, before long Lily would be asked to become Mrs. Jack Fairsorvico. The only thing Mrs. Hatch could do under the circumstances was to dis pose of Lily, and the only way in which she could dispose of Lily was by marrying her to Mr. Windham. Now, before Mr. Hatch would consent to such a marriage, Mr. Windham must be provided with a living, and the only way Mr. Windham could be pro vided with a living was by Mrs. Hatch getting Lord Blackcock to give him the one which he had promised to Nathaniel Sheepy. After an agonising struggle, Mrs. Hitch resolved to ask LoW Blackcock to present Mr. Wind ham, on condition that that gentleman proposed to Lily without delay, that Lily accepted him, and that Mr. Hatch approved of their union. All parties proved 'amenable. Lily and Mr. Windham jumped at a pro posal which porinitted thoin to fulfil their brightest dreams. Lord Black cock knew nothing of the arrangement, but when Mrs. Hatch wrote to him he replied that a living happening just then to bo vacant he had sent Mr. Windham's name to the Bishop. Mrs.. Hatch had thought it expe dient to keep Jack in the dark until everything was settled. She feared that if he . knew what was going on sooner he might mako an attempt to win, Lily from tho curate before it was too late ; and accordingly the first in timation Jack received of his cousin's engagement was when Mrs. Hatch in formed him that she was to bo married in a month, and asked him, as her nearest kinsman after Mr. Hatch, who was to marry her, to give her away. Jack at-first was a little startled and incredulous, but wlion ho realised how things stood ho congratu lated little Lily with a heartiness which caused his aunt to wonder whether he wus, after all, in love with Lily. In due course tho happy day arrived, and the happy couple were duly married. Jack was the life and soul of everything from tho moment ho arrived in the morning to take tho bride to church till late in the aftcr- noon, when little Lily, with a joyful heart, left for over her old but un happy homo. Then Jack's spirits fell, and ho became dull and gloomy.' Mrs. Hatch had been watching him closely, and she saw the change and guessed its reason. Yes, Jack, must bo thinking of proposing. Mrs. Hatch was a keen .observer, and sho knew that young men get very gloomy, as a rule, at such times— at any rate, both her husbands had done so. She attributed it to nervousness, nnd so sho resolved to assist Jack by addressing to him a few encouraging remarks. Getting him between herself and Mr. Hatch, she began : — " You seem dull, Jack ; I hope you're not jealous of Mr. Windham?" And sho smiled gently on J ack. " Well, aunt," answored Jack, a trifle sadly, "the truth is, I am 1" Mrs, Hatch gave a start. So, after all, Jack was in love with Lily. What, a uiercy it was she was married off and gone 1 "Don't you think, Jack," asked Mrs. Hatch, gently, "that you could get some other pretty girl to make up for her loss ?" "You misundorstand me, aunt," explained Jack.' "I'm jealous of Windham, not because I'm fond< of Lily, but because I'm fond of someone else." "I'm afraid, Jack, I don't com prehend you," said Mrs. Hatch in a puzzled tone. "It's this way, aunt; I'm jealous of Windham because he's in a position to marry and I'm not." "Why not?" inquired Mrs. Hatch, considerably startled. "Not 'rich enough," replied Jack, laconically. " Don't joke now, Jack," remon strated Mrs. Hatch. "What about the hundred thousand pounds your cousin left you ?" " Oh, I thought you had heard about that," said Jack, while tho ghost of a smile flickered round his mouth. " The newspaper announcement was not quite exact. You see my cousin was married and had eleven children when he died, and, though the hundred thousand was left to me all right, it was only left to me as their trustee!" A gentle ripple of laughter from the other side of Jack informed Mrs. Hatch that if she lmd not heard of this before, her husband had. 