LEONARD l,INDSAY ; THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER ANGUS B. BEACH. CHAPTER XX.III.—(Co.vn.s-UKD.) 44 So afterwards this was our trade. I lilco wieo woufc to war—I likowiso made slaves. We wont many days from the son, to whero tliero wore other nations. Wo had guns, and they had but bows and arrows, likewise lances, and olubs of wood which fire had hardened. Therefore, many wero killed, and many wero slaves, and wo kopt them until fillips came, nud then sold thorn, and they wero takou away over the sea; but wo were rich and powerful, and had plenty of strong drink, which wo loved ; though manydiod of it.” 44 As you will, Wooroo,” says Captain Garbo, interrupting him, “if you only get enough of it." 41 Givo eomo now,” answerod tho nogro. Ho drank off a small mugful, and went on, with more and raoro animation, as follows : — 4<Onoo a ship came, and sho waited for •filavos outside tho rocks, where tho soa burst white. Then I had a lmt and a wife, and slaves of my own, and lived near whoro tho king lived, and ho Uuow that I was a warrior, and exceeding skilful in tho wator. Ono night tho sky was black—black—and tho sea mosued liko a slave that moans for liis country and his wife, and thero wore sounds amid tho branches of the big trees; also birds aang strangely, and the frogs croaked very loud from tho marsh where they lived. Therefore, i know that a groat wind was coming to tho -land, from far off in tho sea: and whon I lay in my hut upon blankets, and listened, tho storm blew loud, nud I heard the great noiso of tho waves. In tho morniug tho sun was •sred in the sky, nud I looked aud saw the .*hip that was waiting for slaves, nud sho was tossed upon tho waves, aud tho whito moil wore waving tlioir arms to us, who stood upon the shoro. Not far from tho ship wero great rooks, and wo know that if fiho •struck upon such rooks sho would break, and tho whito men would bo drowned. But for a long time sho was safe, because heavy .Anchors and strong ropos hold her in her pluco; but tho wind was groat, and the > repos broke ; then tho whito mon cried with u loud shout, and tho ship struck upon the rocks nud was brokon, and tho whito mon drowned. In tho night tho wind wont to rfocp, and tho stars sliono, and ou tho morrow • tlio sun was hot mid bright upon the sou. So, •soon we wont to tho brokon ship ; tho re were great treasures thoro of iron and cloth, and powder, which wo dried, and casks of ^strong drink. There was more iron and cloth, and strong drink, than wo eould got for many slaves, won at many battles. Therefore wo were glad that tho -rope broke, and the whito mon were • drowned, bocauso wo had all. Aftor this, many ships catno, but great winds did not 40mo, ana we went to war, aud my father was killed; but for all tho slaves wo brought wo did not get so much cloth, and iron, and '.powdor, and strong drink as we got when tho whip was brokon mid tho whito men drowned. At this tho king was angry, I was angry, r all tho warriors of my nation wero angry, alul when a groat ship oumo again tho king went into tho wood to nil Obi man that lived :ihoro, and asked him that 1)0 would inako a fetish, bo that a wind would ariso «ut of the tfoa, and 'break the ship, that wo might have all. Tho Obi man was good. Ho answered in those words—11 will niako a fetish and givo it to Wooroo. Great ropos hold the .fillip, but sharp knives can nut groat ropes, tthen a small wind will break tho ship upon tho rock. Tho whito mon tiro at oanoo, if • oanoo go near tho rapes ; but Wooroo a groat . <fivcr—Wooroo a groat swimmor—Wooroc hah a'sharp knifo—Wooroo can dlvo deoji »<Jown below tho sea, nnd>ent tho ropo}|., ' Then the king told mo what tho Obi mao said, Riul I was glad, and sharpened my knife, and wailed fur u wind, Tho men of my nation know it loo, and wo wore glad, and said that the Obi man was wise. At hist a wind eaino strong over tho son, and rattled the boughs of the forest, and tho waves wore while on tho rooks. Then I wont into tho sea to swim and divo and out the ropes. Tho surf was wild, but I am a great swimmer, nud tho surf could not. drown me; and so I swam away out from tho coast. I swam long. When I sunk down into the valley between tho waves, I could only see water—not land, nor tho ship. Thus I. passed to windward of tho ship. If they saw my head, they thought it was a piece of wood, or a bird, or tho head of some creature that lives in tho sea. At length I was near t.ho ship, and I saw tho great rope from her bows going down into the water. I looked what way the rope went—it was under mo. I drew my knife. I took a long broath— I dived. Down many fathoms I saw the rope ; it stretched dimly out in tho green sea. I clutched it; it shook—it trembled. Sometimes it slackened—some- ! times it jerked out like an iron bar. I clung I to it. The sea heaved and twisted mo round and round it; but the knife was very sharp —in}’ arm was very strong. Tho knifo was half through the ropo, when there eaino a jorlc through nil its strands, and if was lorn asunder. One part was wrested out of my grasp, tho other sauk slowly into tho sea. I rose up to the surface. I was almost, spent; I swam faintly; I vested on the rolling sea. Then from tho top of a wave T looked at tho ship ; she was already near tho rook, and her sido was to tho waves. Men wero in tho rigging ami among tho ropes; thoy strived to loose tho sails, but they had no time. Tho ship .struck--the waves went over her—the masts fell—tho crow were drowned ! As I swam to laud, I heard tho people of my nation—how thoy shouted and were glad! That ship fared like the others—she broke, and wo had the spoil. Tho powder, tho cloth, tho iron, and all things which we valued. Only 1hroe white men wero saved, and wo made them slaves. Wo sent them up tho dark river and into tlu) dark woods, far from the i,ua. They cried aud were in despair. They were sold to another nation, and we had tho riches aud “You infernal villain !” cried Garbo. “Tho fellow talks of wrecking ships and drowning men by his devilish treachery as if the tale were of buildingehurohesand saying “ I say truth,’’ replied tho negro. “ Give mo more strong drink.” Tho captain shrugged hts shoulders, and refilled the savage’s cup. Tho barbarian, whoso eves now began to gleam like a wild .,at’s, broke out into u hoarse, guttural laugh, so savago aud strange, that the watch on tho forecastle called out to kuow what tho noise was. “ It is only Wooroo singing,” answered tho captain. “ Go on, Wooroo.” The negro who was now getting oxcited by his story aud tho drink, needed no spurring. “ Ilti! ha!”ho began,'with that horridluugU again. “Two ships como after. Two times I sharpened my knife; two times I went into tho sea; two times I out tho great ropo, and tho ships struck tho rocks and wero broken. Some of tho white men wore drowned. Thoso who woro not wo sold, nud thoy wero taken away, many days’ journey to the rising sun, and there will bo until they die, us I am, “ But wo were wealthy and great. The kiug was powerful. He had move eiirubinos, inoro iron, aud more oloth than any king before. Strong drink ran amongst us like wator in a river. We drank, wo yelled, wo whoopped, we flung brands from tho firo among tho huts and thoy wero burned. Kvil'demons lived in thoso casks, and when wo drank tho fiery drinks they entered fn unto uu and mndo ub mad, and no man knew liia brother. Wo fought among tho burning houses, and the charred rafters wore wet with blood. At length there came a ship to which wo had already given staves, wo wont aboard. I waa on board with tho king. Wo wont iuto tho great cabin, feid they gave us more strong driuk. Thoy heard of four ships having beon broken on tlio rooks bard by, and thoy asked us how it was. Wo said that a wind camo up out of the sea, and that tho I ships woro broken. They then asked ua I whero tho white men were, and wo said that thoy woro all drowned in tho sea. On that thoy gave us moro strong drink, and fires began to flash before oar oyes. It was sweet drink, sweoter than over wo hud tasted, aud we drunk greedily, Tho whito mca oncouraged us, but thoy did not drink themselves, and thoy talked of tho ships that wero broken. But we were gotting mad, and wo know no moro what we did. So tho white men said that, if tho kiug’s people wero cunning, nuiny moro ships would be broken, and the Iciug’s people would bo rich. Thou wo foil iuto the snuro, because we woro mud with tho strong driuk, and we yollod out aud danced, mnl told the white men that thoy wero hut fools, and I drow out my knife, and I said :—4 Look hero. This knifo cut the groat ropes that went down to the bottom of the sea, and the ships were broken. I cut tho great ropes. 1 htivo a strong fotish. I am a groat diver and a great swimmer.' Aftor this I romombor nothing, but that l was asloop, and that I awoke. It was in a dark place, very hot, and I could scarcely broutho. On my arms aud logs woro mighty chains. I called out, and a voice answered mo in tho darkness. It was tho voico of tho king, and ho said, 41 ani chained, I kuow not where.' "Wo shouted, and screamed, and clanked our chains, and then when wo lay still, we felt • tho prison wo wero in moving with a regular motion, and we knew that wo wore in ft ship upon tho soa. So, whito men came with lanterns, and they told us we wero slaves. Wo roared and howled at thorn, and spit upon them, hut, our cliaius would not allow us to rise aud kill thorn. Therefore they laughed, and asked mo if I would swim and divo und out tho great ropo that held tho ship to the bottom of tho sea, so that tho king’s people might bo rich. First, we trusted in our fetishes, but they did not help us; aud the king said: 4 Oneo go ashore, and mo catch tho Obi man, and send the tum-tuni drum through tho wood, and the peoplo come, ; and mo burn tho Obi mail for a sacrifice ; | mo burn him with fire, aud torment him till ho die.’ But wo did not go ushoru—wo wore slaves. Thou other slaves como, mou and women, uud lay down iu the dark with us. Tho whito men wore there with whips and sticks, and they tormented us, until wo lay so that wo wore one great lump of human flesh. All through the ship, oh ! thoro waa tho heat, and tho atonch, and tho sweat, and tho roarings ! There was no light hut from two littlo hatchways with gratings, aud square bits of light camo down there; but I was far from them, and tho air I breathed was moro foul than the mint fovor that comes up out of tho swamp with tho smell of the rotten mud.” Tho poor devil told this part of his strange tale with a visible shuddor. He wont on. 44 Tho ship sailed away, and fftero wero waves very rough, and tho slaves luy siok, rolling over each other, roaring und fighting to get near tho hatchways. But whito men, with iron bars, struck them, and drovo them bade. Tim whito men struggled backwards and forwards, aud beat and slashed ^tho: slavos with iron bars and knives. Thoy carried lanterns at first, but tho firo wont out iu tho had air aud stench. Tho phico was only as high as half a man; there woro hundreds and hundreds driven into it. iho smoko of our bodies rose out of tho hatch ways. Wo struggled and tore each other with hands and tooth, because of tho agony of siokuess and sinothoring. We coughed, and gasped, and pantod, and duahed our selves hero and thoro in our chains. Soon many died. Tho whito men dragged out tho corpses and took them away. In our struggles, wo kicked the dying beneath our feet. Somotimos they nluspod our legs, and triod to scratch or bite. Iho corpses wero cold and soft, beneath us, and all around was slime, and dirt, and air that was rotten, aud mio stoiieh of corruption and of death. “Inhalfa moon, more tlmu half of the slaves wero dead mid thrown ovorboard. The king was yet alive; when ho camo on board, he was oily aud fat, but now his bones wero Utickiugoutliko knotsandaplinters, and he was 1 coverou with sores, as a leopard with spots. W o lived on the flour of cassava and wator. White mon onriuV down with great baskoto of it mixed, and wb plunged in our hand* and i drow out lumps of lcaveu, and ate. We did ; not now light or struggle, hut lav uud triod to sleep; wo had'more room, und five or six died every day, because the stench hud brought the fever spirit, and ho sailed with us iu the dark hold. Thou, one night when the white moon was coming down t.ho hatchway, the captain of the ship approached, and turned his lantern upon us us we lay—the king und me—where they had first chained us down. Then ho began to ask where were the white men who were carried oil* after the ships broke, to bo slaves. But ho stopped aiul said to two sailor* who were with him, 4 Take oil’their chains and bring them on tho deck; it is better to speak there in the moonlight than in this stencil.’ Our chains woro taken off— we climbed the ladder—wo passed tho hatoh way, und wo stood upon tho dock. The moon shono, as it shone anovo my hut—above tho dark woods — above tho dark river—above my country : tho breeze was sweet to taste, as palm wine after bitter water. Tho white men slept upon tho dock—tho ship wont steady beforo tho night witid which came over tho sea. It was good. The captain asked us again whore the white mon were slaves, and wo told him a inoou and two moons and three moons from where tho dark river joined the sea. Then wo said, that if lie carried us hack tho whito men would bo found, and ho would have them, and wo would go ashoro and would make war and bring him many slaves und novel* cut tho great ropes again. Tho captain spoko to tho two white meu who wero with him, and very soon thoy took us down below, but they did not chain us again : many other slaves woro also unchained, for all wero very quiet; and when tho whito meu struck them, or cut their tlesh with their knives, they only groaned or cursed in their throats. I lay awake nil that night, and tho god that stood in my father’s hut, with the necklace of wild boasts’ teeth, gave me thoughts in my heart. I said to myself, wo arc slaves, , but wo may ho masters : only one | watches at tho hatchway—at night the wind is small and tho sea is smooth—tho white men sleep in the moonlight—we may arise and kill them, and have the ship and its riches. I thought these things long to myself, and before the dawn I wakened the king uud told him, and wo conversed in whispers ; the next day wo told others, who won.* the stoutest men loft, uud who could speak tho language of our nation. Thus wo agreed, and wo searched for billets of wood and spikes of iron, and bits of chains or fetters, to arm our selves. The night came ugaiu, and tho imam shono again through tho hatchway. Tho wind was small and the sea smooth, and on deck tho whito men slept in tho moon shine. Then every man adored his fetish, and called upon his god that ho bolievod in, to help. Iguvo the sign, which was a shout of war, such as wo raised wheu wc rushed upon a slcoping village of our enemies to to oapturo slaves. Then wo all rushed at the hatchway—we tossed aside the grating of heavy wood and iron, as though it had been of tho wattled hurdles which we planted round our fields. Wo were free. Wo shouted— wo climbed—wo leaped—wc swarmed out In tho moonshine. Tho white man who stood armed by tho hatchway had only time to firo his carbino among us. Then a score of sticks, and iron chains, with handcuffs swung to them, split asunder his head. In a moment ho was overboard and sunk iu tho sea. Tho white mon wero conquered. Sumo wore asleep in hammocks, some on tho deck. With great shouts and screams wo rushed at them. Wo toro them from their beds. Wo dashed them on the dock. We slashed them with the knives wo found. Wo hovo thorn overboard. And tho sharks which followed ub from Africa, and woro fat with tho flesh of our fellows, swallowed tho whito men also. Xhoroforo wo wero the masters of the ship, and it seemed a good slave; for when all tho whito meu woro dead and gotio, it sailed on, and tho small wind blew, and tho sea was smooth, just as boforc. I lookod thon for tho kiug, hut lie was dend, Tho one shot which tho whito man tired struck him— tho ball drove the fetish of feathers, which wqs upon his breast, into his heart. Ho was dead, and tho sharks had him also. “ Thon all my countrymen called out, and said that I was king in his place, and that wo must go baek’to Africa, to tho deep forests and tho dark rivers, to their huts, and their wives, and their slaves, to whore tho panther leaped and tho orooodilo swam, and tho largo bats hung in clusters from tho trees, do thoy led mo to tho holm, and thoy said, * Steer us home.’ There were clouds thou over tho moon, and the night wasdark. I said, * Wait until tho morning, and I will stoor you homo.’ Tho morning came, tho clomls passed away, the sun rose, nod tho wind camo fast over the sea. They said agaiu, * Steor us homo.’ But I looked around. I lookod far and near. Thoro was no laud, only water. As in the desert there is only saml: so round us thoro was only water. It was tho same on tho right hand und ou tho loft. There was tho sky and the sea, and that was all. Ilow could I steer them homo? But if I said I could not stoer them home, they would kill me: thoroforo I took tho tiller in my hand. I stayed by it all day. Thoso who woro tho masters of tho ship and of mo danced aud sung about tho deck. Sometimes they asked mo wheu wo would ho at homo. I said, soon. They thought Unit I could conduct the ship to land. They would not let me leuvo tho tiller. Thoy brought food there. I slopt thero. I was afraid to movo. I did uot know tho road homo. Hays came and turned into nights, and nights into days aguin. The sun rose out of tho seu, some times on the right hand, sometimes on tho left; sometimes beforo us, some times behind us. Wo were waudor ing upon the sea; a moon passed over us, and thoy said to me, * Wo aro not yet at homo; thero is no land, otdy wator. Take us homo, or wo will kill you, as you made us kill tho white men.’ Thon I wits sorry that we killod the whito men. Tho night after tiio wiud grow loud, aud tho waves boat over tho ship. I did not know wlmt to do. Tho &uils; woro left as the whito mon hud spread them. Tho ship was tossed. She moaned, and groaned, and plunged deep into tho waves. The sails made stningo noises, tho masts reolcd aud bout as troes in a hurrionuo. Then one by one thoy broko and fell into tho sea. Tho foam flow over us all night. A great load of masts, and ropos, aud sails lay upon tho decks, and from tho decks they reached down into the sea. Theso wore out asunder with hatchets, for thoy woro pulling tho ship down into tho depths; and when the morning eumo tho wind had gone away, and tho ship lay quite still. Slio had no masts and no sails; and us a man without legs onunot walk, so a ship without rigging cannot move upon tho ooom. “Aud still all ou board cried, *T’ako us homo.' Thou I said to them, ‘ Wo caunot go homo, thoro aro no sails; wo must die hero upon tho sou.’ Then for the first (imo I left tho holm. I know one thing that none elso tliero knew—I know whero there was tho strong drink.” “Ay, that I’ll bo Ixmml you did!” said Captain Garbo. “ I watched, aud whon nano saw, when it was dark, I took a groat vessel of strong drink, and also bread and meat, and went down with them into tho deep places of tho ship. I wont near tho keel. I sat in dark ness, with beams around me. and ropes, and tho rotten water that flowed slowly in from the sea—aud which moved with regular titles, backwards aqd forwards, beeuuso of tho ship rolling ou the waves. That water had tho smell of tho thick mud in tho creeks among tho woods, after tho rains, when tho mists arise. It washed and gurgled ovor tho slimy wood, and also tho rusty chains aud nails whioh lay at the bottom of tho ship. Thero T ato and drank, aud no ono saw mo. I hoard them howling up above, for thoy know not where I was; but they knew they were to dio upon tho sea. I stayed thoro drinking and sleeping. Tho strong drink was good, it mado mo drunk; it nuido mo us if I was back again whore tho dark river joiue tho sea. When tho jug was dry I wont for moro. ^ It was night, aud a great wiud was bloiviug ovor tho wavos, anrl tho ship roso up and sank down, liko tho first ship that wont upon tho rooks and was broken. Tho pooplo woro running on thu deck—thoy woro in four; thoy said tho soa was coming up over tho ship. I did not care; I knew where the strong drink waa. I got auother jug,' greater than the first; 1 also got nomo bread. As I passed in the dark, \\. heard a man say to a woman, ‘ In two days there will ho no food loft.” I did not cure ; I wont with the strong drink into tho secret pluoo of tho ship. There I lay among tho ropes and beams, and tho stinking water whioli gurgled among thorn, as tho waves heat lull'd on tho nutsido. It was liko a uavo in tho woods; it was liko tho don of tho wild beasts. I burrowed in it like tho crocodile in his abiding place, among tho woods and the thick herbage which grows by the creek. There I ate, there I drank—oh, much— much. Tho strong drink was like firo in me, and like light to mo; it showed ino my hut, where the river joins tho sea: it showed me sun, and moon, and stars, and tho sky over tho woods and tho sea.; it showed me the deep waters where I paddled my canoe, and whero I swam, and whero I dived. I shouted and sang war-songs, and those above thought that tho spirits of their enemies wore exulting and word singing. When tho jug was empty I wcut on deck. Many days Imij come mid gone away into tho past. Tho dock was full of people ; they lay upon tho planks, they groaned and cried, they were starving, and they yelled out for water, and for cassava, and millet, and maize, and rice. I wont to tho secret place whero wero tho strong drinks. Lo 1 tnero wove no more 1 Others found out tho placo, and took the drinks. . I searched everywhere, but thero was nothing —not a drop—not a crumb. There was no more food, no more drink—now wo must die. I sat upon tho deck, so did all; no man or woman spoke ; sometimes one moaned—that was all. It was the same in the sunlight and the moonlight—when the air did not movo and when tho wind was strong. I looked upon tho sky, it was always blue, there were no clouds from dawn-time to sun setting; there was no rain to cool our lips; our tongues swelled and our throats were dry—us dry ns tho hole which tho scorpion burrows in tho hot saud Tho peOplo died one by one. When they died they lay unon tho deck whero they fell; they rotted j Micro amougst us, but wo did not movo to I throw them to the sharks. At last thero I wero ten men and women dead, to one man | 'or woman living; then wo spoke and wo ! talked who would die ne^t. One said lie would, and another that ho would. When we die we tly back to Africa, and wo ' said one to tho other, * ff you die first, I you sav we avo coming: you say wo I are Hying in the air behind you to I | Africa, to”tho dark woods ami the dark river,’ Then l sent messages to my father, ! who was killed in war, and Lo the king ; 1 sent them by a young nrm who was very weak, and whose eyes wore glazed. He lay , oloso to me. I watched him well. His . , breath came longer and longer—then it I ocascd, ns a branch you move ceases gradually I to swing—and the jaw dropped down. I I said, ‘ Ha ! my mossimaor has departed : ■ I am glad.’ That night there were but five left. I was the strongest of the live, but I could not. rise from my seat. 1 amid the corpses. Tho breeze came fresh in the night; clouds came with it, ami out. of tho clouds rain fell. We held up our mouths and wo wero refreshed. So, bj* means of the sweet rain, four out of tho five lived until tho grey light came out and showod fogs hanging on tho water. The wind was small, and tho sea smooth ; and as tho sun climbed out of the ocean, the fogs roso up and melted away, uud we all gavo a faint shout togother, for not half nu hour from us, a great ship, with many sails, glided like a bird upon the sea. Ab wo looked, a canoe, with white men, camo from the great, ship, paddling fast towards us, and soon the white men leaped up among tho corpses on the deck. They gavo a great cry of horror whon they saw all tho planks covered with bodies, some sitting, some lying, some piled up upou each other in heaps—whoro fathors and sons, and brothers and sisters, uud husbands and wives had died together—and they wero about to go back hastily into their canoe, but wo all cried as with ouo voice for water. Then they turned and boheld us, and, after some talking, they lifted us up and put us into the canoe, and rowed us to their ship. So was it tiiat wo became slaves again. Then they ' sprend forth all soil, and our old ship, with its cargo of corpsos, was loft drifting about on tho sea. “Wo had good food and good wator ; wo grow stout again, lusty, and strong. A moon passed away, and then wo saw land, and a city of tho white men. The eity was called Porto Bello. Wo wore sold thore. My master took mo up fur into great mountains, whero thero was gold. The gold whs dowu in the oarth. Tho slaves dug , holes iu tho sides of tho steep hilK Wo I crawled into those holes. Wo dug and ham-| inored in dark places under ground, and white men with whips lashed us if wo j stopped to rest. But I louged and panted again for rivers and tho sea. I grow weak, and my anus were soft aud thin, and a spirit whispered to mo, and 1 put earth and day into my mouth, aud swallowed thorn, Othor slavos did tho same, and Blowly they died, aud flow back to Africa. I wanted to dio, and I ato much clay. I was very sick and weak, but they flogged mo with whips, until l crawled iuto tho holes, digging and hollowing under tho oarth for gold. At last—” “At last,” said Captain Garbo. “ ynuhavo i got so far with your story, that I may finish it for you. Beiug on a visit to see some of tho gold-mines of Darien, tho overseer of ono of them told me that ho was losing almost all his negroes of tho diseaso or superstition, peculiar, I believe, to those Africans, aud called ‘dirt-eating.' HopointcdouttoWooroo thero, as ouo of them who was dying tho fastest, and, on my speaking to him, ho tolil mo what ho has several times repeated, that iio was a groat swimmer and a diver. So, such being tho ease, and being thou, as now, much engaged in tho pearl fishery, I bought tho fellow for a triile, took him down to the coast, and 1 am bound to say that a hotter band undor water never plunged over a boat. As soon as ho was afloat, he recovered Ills health and spirits fust : aud nmv, I suppose, thore uro not two man, white or black, in tho flcot, that the fellow could not grasp in either of his bands, and smash their heads together.” As soon as bis master had interrupted him, and bado him cease speaking, Wooroo lost all tho look of intelligence and excitement which had gleamed in his eyes. Ho sat liko a brainless statue of black wood. Ho had per formed his task, and at length 1m hold out both hands towards tho spirit-flask, aud only muttorod— ** Give mo tho wages you said—make mo much drunk.” Captain Gnr1x>, without a word, filled a Inrgo measure with brandy, and handed it to the savago, who rose with it, and wallcod to a corner in tho deep-waist of tho ship. Passing there an hour after, I saw tho bruto lying insensibly drunk, with tho empty measuro still grasped in his hand. CIIArXKR XXIV. iVC ADVHNTUUK3 AMOXO THIS IMCA.Hr. FISIIICKS, AN1> MY KSOAIMC l-’KOM Tin? KLBBT. All this time wo wero heating gaily up to windward in company with our consort, both boats proceeding at much tho same raid, and frequently Imilinv, each other and sailing nearly alongside. On the third day from that of our dopurtnro, wo saw upon mu* right, towering in great blue nms-es out of tho sea, tho high land of Santa Martha. Mariners say that it is higher than the Peak of Tencriffo, and that when the weather is very dear there is a certain circuit of the Carib bean sea, not far from bunco, where, from tho tops of a lofty vessel, you may see at oiioo the distant ridges of Hispaniola, tho Blue Mmmtaius of Jamaica, aud the Peak of Santa Martha upon tho main land. Tho uuxt day, tho coast line being fur distant, and Ikimg cloven, as it were, by the great river Do la Dacha, which hero comes into tho sea, we saw riding at uuohor, in-ahoro from us, a squadron of small ships. Wo being still well at sea, the wator Iwnoath us was of a deep blue; bub where tho Pearl Fleet, for such they wore, lay, the hue of tho sea was a light green. It was as glorious an afternoon us over shone under the tropics, ns bowling chocrily ‘boforo tho sea-breeze, wo .inn down for our sister ships, they lying at thoir anchors above tho great bank of jvearls. Thoro wore fourteen or ftf toon barques similar to oar own, and at bowq distance was a i stately frigate, which protected them, lying-to. “'Phut is the convoy of the Pearl Fleot,” said Garbo; “we must first speak toiler, | and she will allot our station on the bank.” i And, in fact, us ho talked, tho groat nmiu I top-sail of tho Spanish ship was filled, and | her bows, falling off from tho wind and I pointing to ua, she moved slowly out to moot us. As sho drew near, I could not help thinking that this was tho sumo vessel which hodchased tho “ Will-o’-thc-Wisp.” At any rate, she had tho samo riclily-carved bows, , full of figures of angels and saints, and tho samo goodly fabric of rigging towering up against tho bluo sky. Presently, sho liovo-to again, our small sails being becalmed under lior lee, and Captain Garbo, with two of his men, went aboard her in tho small canoe , whioh tho barquocarricd. As for myself, I did 1 not care to trust my nock on board a Spanish man-of-war. Indeed, I kept ub much out of sight as I very well could, protending to he , busy about a thousand little matters on : hoard tho barque. I noted, however, that I tho Spaniard boro twelve great guns I upon either side, besides double batteries 1 upon forecastle and poop. Her high deokB swarmed with men, who scrambled over into her chains and out at her port holes, and chatted with tho Spanish part of tho barque’s crew, and mocked aud gibed at AVooroo as he eat upon liis limns on the deck, taking no more notico of what was said to him than tho must. Presontly the captain rotumed with a enrd in his hand, whereon was insoribed tho station of tho barque upon tho bank. Each boat had its own appointed place; and tho frlgato was there not only to protect tho fleet against tmoenueora, but to ouforco tho rules which tho Spanish .Government, to whom tho fishery bolongs, lays down to bo observed by tho barques wluch prosecute it. Tho pearl bank extends for a great many miles iu length aud one in breadth, tbero being a deop channel about threo or four leagues broad botweeu its inmost edgo and tho land. Our position was towards the eastern extremity of tho bank, and so wo beat up towards it, passing many of tho anchored boats, who hailed us cheerily, and asked what news from Carthagona. As wo sailed along, wo saw tho divers, all of thorn cithor Indian or nogroos, standing ofteu upon the edgo of the boats, poising their bodies for a moment, and then planning head-foremost down into the sea. Some of tho fleet were more deeply laden than others, that depending upon tho number of tho oysters which chanced to lie scattered under each bout. As soon as the cargo is made up, tin* pearl fisherman weighs, hoists his lug sails, and runs in for tho shore; but if tho frigate fires two guns, one eloso after tho other, ho must lio-to. until a boat from tho big ship comes mid gives him loavo to proceed. Although tho rule, however, is, that each boat fishes and sails for itself, without attending to its neighbours, ye; tho convoy always tries as far as possible to arrange matters, so that the fleet may sail in a body to the shore, tho frigate attending them to wind ward. If it bo suspected that there urn Buccaneer,-, upon the coast, the ordinary rule is, iudeed, altogether suspended, ami no bout is pormittml to weigh anchor until tho commodore fires it gun arid hoists a bluo flag at his foretop-gallant-uvist head, when tho whole squadron run gaily together for th e Ihitiohb'ru, as the pearl village is uiillod, upon tho banks of the Kio do ia Haelui. AVlien wo joined the fleet no danger was however, suspected, and by the time that wo had taken our station, and lot tho auehor splash from the bows, about half tho barques which were deepoat in tho water had weighed; and hoisting their brown patched sails, scudded away boforo tho Inst of the sea- breeze. As soon as it became dark each boat hoisted a lantern to its mast- heiid ; the frigate showing two, ouo above the other, iu tho fore top-gallant rigging. Tho night was calm and still. Every now and then wo would I hear the faint sound of snugs owning over I tho wntor from distant barques ; and, us | hour after hour passed away, it was marked by tho clang of tho great ship’s boll. Mean time, on board our barquo wo were busy preparing for lo-niorrow’s fishing. The waste was cleared out, aiul the (leeks fore and aft lumbered with the coils of rope and old canvas, flung aside to made room for tho expected overflow of oysters. Then tho baskets to be used in lifting them from tho bottom of the ■on, strong cages of thick wire, all rusty ami bent, wore prepared ; the tackle was rigged, and lines were uflixed to heavy pieces of lead, furnished with handles tor the divers to grasp, so ns to sink the quicker to the bottom. Theso propitiations over, wo cooked and ate our suppers and turned iu, leaving but one hand on deck for uu anchor watch, os sailors call it. “Now,” thought I, as, according to my custom, instoad of crawling into tho little cabins, which were nor. much better than the hold of tho ship which had carried IVoorou from Guinea, 1 laid myself down on deck, well muffled up in old arils, to keep the heavy down away : “ Now,” thought I, “ I have , hoard of kiugs and queons who slept on beds ; whereof tho curtains were heavy with pearls, j all glittering in their lustre above them, but ! hero am I now, and hero bo a fleet of us poor ■ sea-tossed mariners, sleeping upon :i bed | with more pearls beneath and around us than there are in tho treasuries aud the thrones, and on tho royal bed-curtains to boot, of London, or Paris, or Madrid.” I know not whether the kings and queens whereof I Ivivo spoken slept the better for the pearls above them; I kuow I slept well with pearls below me, heiug iudeed favoured, perhaps, by St. Gieronimo, with revision iu which I saw tho AVill-o’-tho-AV isn sud denly appear in the midst of the Peurl Fleet and engage the Spanish frigate, Stout Jem, himself, lighting iu single combat with the captain, and at length, by ono stout thrust, pinning him to his own mainmast; when just as I was about to spring forward to haul down the golden flag of Spain from the man-of-wars topmast, a loud voico, coming from real ilosh and blood lungs, smote my ear, and, starting up, I saw Captain Garbo and the rest scrambling through the hatchways in their shirts, while the anchor watch was shouting lustily that there was a strange vessel rowing with sweeps through tho tleet. | and that he had even heard the muttering of i the voicos on board of her. At this, I confess I vorv willingly, my heart made a leap into my I mouth. AVus my dream a true vision—was Stout Jem, indeed, so neur? A\ o all hold our peace and listened, but we heard nothing. It was now quite dark. The night had got oloudy, and there were neither stars nor muon* The air, too, was quite stilly and tho tap- tap of the water against tho ridges.of overlapping planks on tho clinker-built side of the boat, as sho rocked slmvlv on the swell, was tho only sound we could distinguish. Tholightsot theothcr barques were gleaming oti tho dark ocean, aud the two lanterns of the frigate swayed slowly from side to side, as though they were meteors playing among the “ Tush, Pedro/* said Captain Garbo, “ you fell asleep, man, and dreamed you saw a ghost. You deservo to be dipped along side, just to waken you.” 13lit at that moment wo all started, for suddenlyt.Uoro came over tho water aloud crash, as of twoship’s meeting, followed all at onco by a crackling volley of musketry, which glanced bright through tho darkness, gleaming iu fiery streaks over the black, oily looking wilt or, mid then, mingling with the reports of tho firearms, n great, hearty cheer, such as Englishmen give when they leap upon tho docks of an enemy. J3y tho Hashes wo saw that one of tho largest mid. heaviest laden of the pearl barks had been laid aboard by a very long, low-built, bour< with threo raking masts, likn those of tho vessels which tho French cull c/n/YW-aK/rir.*, aud moved by a number of great swoops, which extended from hor sides liko tho long log* of some hugo insect of the sea. iTO I1W flO.VTINWKD.) 