PENGUIN. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] A meeting was hold in tho Rifle Hall on Saturday night to complete srrangoments re purchase of hall. Mr. J. H. Hales was voted to the chair, and after considerable discussion amongst the shareholders pres- ent, it was decided to purchase the hall, which will in future be known as the Rifle Hall. The olection of trustees fol lowed, Dr MoCall, Captain H. G. Brown and Messrs' M. O'Byrno, J. Bruce, jnn, and W. Brown being chosen to fill the position,— Mr C. Webster was elected secretary, end Mr W. Brown treasurer, the core and letting of tho hail being left in the nands of Mr A. J. Wade. A work- iog committee was tlivn elected, consisting of Messrs J. Brace, sen, C. Anthon, J. Parsons, N. Stott, J. Brace, jnn, A.J. Wade, W. Hall, and the secretary and treasurer. It was decided to opon an account in the name nf tho Rifle Clnb Hill Company at the Bank of Anstralaain, Ulveratone, the cheques to bo signed by the eeoretary and treasurer. — A. rifle asso ciation meeting was then . hold,' when it was docideil to Bend a team to onmpi-to.at the association matchos at Ridgely on Novemlier 10. The Primitive Methodist Church was crowded yesterday sftornoon and ovoning on the occasion of the annual missionary. BJfvices, able sermons being preached by the deputation, tho Kov. J. T. Picrcoy in ; the afternoon and the Rev. M. Lawthor, of Wsratah,' in the ovoning. October 20. Tlio missionary services in connection' 1 with tho Primitivo Methodists havo liuon carried on during the week with great success in various parts of tho circuit. On Monday the uieuting wue presided ovor by Mrs N. Brothers, and .wlis very sncesB- f I in overv way. North Motton was visited on Tuosday, and hero a coffee siippor was nniongHt the attractions. The Bay wan noxt in turn on Wednesday, and hero nlsn a coffee siippor was held after tho mooting, Mr J. H. Hales hoing in the chair. LiiHt night Penguin was tho scone nf labor, and a most pleasing gathering resulted. Mr C. W. Fielding presided, and mudo a most excellent chairman. Tlio choir opened proceedings by singing, " Willi an earnost wish," aftor wliirh tlio chairman guvu a short practical address on mission work. The- liev J. T. Pithouse then road tho annual report, lint before doing ro aaid lio was sorry tho Rev W. H. Bowe wns absent, as thoy had got on well together in tho circuit, hut said thoy could connl on the prnyors and sympathy nf Urn Bowo. Tlio report, winch included statistics for South Australia, Queensland, Now South Wales, Victoria, and Tas mania, was vory onoournging, allowing progress all along tho lino. Tho figures for Victoria and TaRinanin showed there wore 3828 mcmbors, 42 ministora 282 local proachera, 128 churches, 49 othor preaching places, 112 Sabliatli-schoola, with 961 tcachora nnd 7317 scholars. Tho valno of tho ehnrcli proporlv £92,289 with a debt of £25,927. Choir, "God's holy church shall triumph." Mr John Chilcott (Gawler) noxt gave n good address, contending that, however indifforent wo might bo, tlio fact was plain that we wore our brother's keopor. Thuro was a sphere of nscfulness for all, nnd tlioso who could not nssist by labor or money conld render good assistance by their sympathies and prayers. It made tho work easier for tlioso who labored, anil wna vory helpful is making tlio work offoctual, nnd soul saving. A pithily told story on tho subject of " Lending to tho Lord" was heartily reccivod, and tlio apoakor was much applnndcd as ho re- anttied his Boat. Choir. "Tho trnmpet londly calling" (by special request). Tlio Rov W. Lawthor (Waratah) was next on tho list, but' pleaded tlio latcnoss of the honr sh an excuse for not making a speuch, and also that it would give tho deputation more time for his speech. Choir. "Seeking tho lost." Tho deputation, tho Rev J. T. Pierecy (Longford) then addressed the nudionco, being lioartily roeeivoil, for which ho thanked thorn. Ho had spent happy dayH with them years backhand was pleased to soe so many of thoin again. Ho was proud still to bolong to the Primitive Methodists, which was tho second largest Methodist church in tho world, tliero being 1030 ministers alone. People often said they liked to join tho church where thoy got tho most good, and did tlio most good, and that was why ho hnd joinod tlio Primitive Methodist Church. Although the church was pro gressing throughout the colonies, there was vast room for improvement. The home mission work was progressing favorably, and so was tlio foreign mission, the latter work being very dear to his heart. Pooplo ofton ridiculed foreign mis- sion work, saying there was plonty to do nearer homo ; that might be so, but that did not precludo them from interest ing thomsulvcs in foreign work. A church tlmt did not concern Itself about work outside its immodiato neighborhood would never piosper. Ho nskud thoin to enlarge their hearts in sympathy with this work, nnd if thoy could not help with monoy, thon lot their piavors bo given on behalf ot tho work. On tlio coast of Africa much good work had been dono, and ho hoped to find manv of tho young mnn of this Colony offering themaolvos for tho mission Bold. Tho work was not confined to tiio Coast of Africa, as tlio mis sionaries tind penetrated into the interior lis far as Zambesi, and although thoy were few in number, yet thoy were pushing on well, and the work" must go on. England, with all her hoaslcd intelligence, a land of Biblos.of national piotv, and much mental attainmont, had only a proportion of 1 to 20 who wore really pious. What must these ho, then, who had never heard tho gnspol ? He prayed that tlio work might go on till nil the nations of the earth w.-re blessed with tlio gospel of peace. The church of tho nineteenth century lacked tho hot .enthusiasm, tho aarnost faith, of old. Thoy should think less of utonoy, and strivo to obtain more nf tho power I of tlio Holy Ghost. Comparatively spooking I tliero were few triumphs in uiisaion work I when the machinory used was thought of. I What was the cause ? Not lack of funds, hut lack of lifo. nf doep-tnned piety, and I of the Holy Ghost. Cold nnbolief was I the greatest evil they had to contend with, I but the grand old Goapol had dono tolling I work in tho past, and should provo as at tractive and powerful to day as ovor .The rov gentlemen resumed hlsseut amidst very hearty applause. Choir, "Seeds of promise." I Tho Rov. J. T. Pithonse then .load tho I local statistics, as follow : — Amount col- I lected last year, £79 Os 8d, tlio amounts given by Bitch part ot the oircait ueing ; Penguin, £17 2s ; North Motion, £20 2s ; Eina Bnv, £20 Is 6d ; Ulvrrstone, £17 4s 2d ; Stowport, £4 13s. This voar tlio results wore : — Penguin, £19 5i (of which Mrs Johnson had collected £10 2s) ; North Motton, £23 Os (Miss Brothers' hook sliow- £13 3s Oii) ; Ulvorstone, £21 (Mies Tones collecting £17 13s) : Emu Bay, £15 ; total, £78 lis. Stowport had yet to corno in, so that tlio total would exceed that of last year. As this had boon a season of groat commercial depression, it was vory gratifying to find thoy wore still advanc- iog, and trusted that tlio year entering on would provo a greater success oven. Choir, "Toil on for Jeans." A comprehensive vote of thaiiks to tlio deputation, the ladies, tlio choirs, collectors, chairmen, &e;, throughout the circuit was heartily given, and tho mooting closed with tho Binging of the " Dismissal." The Rev. J.T. Pit- houee announced that the niomorial stone of tho new church st the Bay would be laid on Nov. 26, and that in all probability the North Motion choir would give a ser vice of song at Penguin on Wednesday night. Hoavy rains now tho ordor of tho day (and night also). Octubor A well-known butchering establishment In West Devonport changed hands on Tuesday, the purchasers being the Don Trading Co. Our correspondent "J.F." writes i— "I find that in No. 24 of ' Pioneer Work In Devon,' I killed Mr George Rockliff. it was Mr Henry Rockliff, and not George, who died in 1889." He adds : — " I have just had a letter from Mr George Hall, whoso name appears in several of my papers concerning the early days. He was the third resident in Deven— went there flfty- three years ago. Some one sent him a 'N.W. Post,' of whicn ho says ' I havo soon a Mersey paper with an interesting and very correct account of tho stato of tho country and tho want of roads tn Devon in tho early days. Tho names were all familiar to mo.' Mr Hall is about 80 ; ho rode 300 miles and back in tho saddlo a short time ago, and was going on a similar journey now." 