MISCELLANY. WHEN the mint julep is rer.dy then the Stffcws show which way the drink goes. "In which yard did you lose the ball, my boy V " The one with the dog in." DaiNK, and the world drinks with you ; ewcaroU, and you 6wear alone. THE unpopular minister is apt to feel as if wrcckei on lone barren aisles. A WOMAN may make a match, bat she floesn't know how to scratch one. JOHN L. SULLIVAN still lives. ThiB proves the theory of the survival ot the fiehtist "LIFE is like a game of whist. Its my&tfries; will be solved when the last trump is played. . DISAPPOINTED. - Mrp. Bronson - " Well, Johnny, bow do you like Switzerland 7' Johnny "?Very much, mamma ; but I thought from my map it was pinker." Finsr DISPUTANT (stoutly)-" I'm right-I know I'm right." Second Disputant (angrily)-'" How do you know you're right f" First Disputant-" Why -why," I'm always right." " Do you believe that absence makes the hfcart grow' fonder, Mrs. H.? ' asked Mr. Uenpeck. "1 dunno'. I might ecare up some liking for you it'youM go away for about three hundred years." EVEN the wayward burglar is taken in once in a while. -Out in Cincinnati a burglar stole a watch .n the dark, and it attertoard proved to bo a Water bury.' He care himself up. ' FOND MOTHER (to her son)-" That young lady with whom you wero talking seems to be quite a bell&" Reginald (who found Miss Yesano dull) " Yes, mother, quite a dumb-bell." " I SEE that button parties are being held in eome parts of the west," remarked Mrs. Cumso. " I wonder why they are so named V " iiccause they are bound "to come off," replied Cumso. " I HATE bim ! I hate him as I do poisor." " Then why de you have him visit you ?' " Well, I'll tell yon, but you must not betray me. My wife docs my cooking, and I want to ruin his digestion." SHE-"Indeed it's notjan 'easy thing for a girl to get a husband." He-"Why, a pretty girl C3n make her choice of four out of every five men she meets She-" But it's the fifth that the wants." AT THE IU'CBT V. MARLBOROUGH CRICKET MATCH.-First Fair One-" But what's the difference between a ' bye' and a ' leg-bye ?' " fc'ccor.d Fair One-" Oh, don't you know ? One noes one side of the wicket and the other the other." MAGISTRATE (to prisoner)-" Hnve yon any visible means of support, L'cde llastus':' Uncle Ila»tus-" Sah ?' Magistrate-" What do you do for a living ?' Cncle Rasing-'" Oh, now I under: tan's yo', sah. De cle ooman takes in wasbin', yo honah." "HEWASN'T SUPERSTITIOUS.-Teacher (in grammar-school) Vonr lesson to-day is on nouns. ?.cuus are names of things." Small Boy-"Is ghost a noun?' Teacher-" Ves." Small Boy-" How can i: be ? They ain't no such thing as a ghost !" MARTINGALE-" Let's see, we dine at the Skimperleys to-night, do we not ?' Mrs. M.-" Yes ; at seven." Martingale-"Well, don't you think we would better start t&r;'y, and get a bite at the Cafe Crillat before we go ?' CADLEY-" What was it Franklin said 'Eachyear one vicious habit rootr-d out, in time ought to make ths worst man good There's hep: for me-eb, Bronson V Bronson-"I don't know. Cad; you're not likely to beat Methuselah's record." A SCRIPTURAL PRECEDENT.-His M( ther "Johnny, you mustn't throw stones at Tommy Trot; it's w joked." Toe Terror-"No it ain't either, ma. The Bible tells about a bay who threw stones at his iccmy and he wasn't wicked." His Mother-" Who wa6he?" The Terror-"David." VISITOR-'* What a beautiful library you have! I really enrv rcu." Retired Butcher-"Yes; «nd look at the bindings on rbem books." V.-" I lee; they are all bound in calf." R. B.-"Just so. And I killed all them calves myself what furnished :be leather." * ENGINEER-"That drug store has got to be moved back lrom the railroad track." Director " What's the matter with it7' Engineer-" I forgot tbout it s being there last night, and when I saw that red light in the window I thought it was a danger signat, and I staid here for cne blessed hour before I rtmembered." FROM KERRY.-English Tourist, to car dr'iver, after pointing to a roadside tatterdemalion .' What a shockiug thing it is to see a man in such rags and misery as that!" Car-driver-" Begorra, thin, your honour, ani that's ot from povirsyat all, at all 1 The truth is the fellow's so ticklissme that sorra a tailor can attimpt to take hie measure !" Mrsa CLARA-"Xow.C Bobby," when Mr. Eajley comes to-night I want you to be very quiet, or I shall have to put you out of the room." Bobby ' Well, if he's coin;; to propose, I'll be quiet. Yon mow I've been in the rooin every time you have had i proposal so far, and 1 ain't going to break the rccord JOW." AN ORIGINAL COMPOSITION. - Here is Tommy's version cf " The Ox and the Fros" :-.' An 5x tramped on a frog and squshed him. nis brothers ind sisters ran home and told there mother, and she ?aid, * How big was he?' and the)' faid, . Awful big,' md she said, . As big as this? and swtlltd hertcif jut, and they eiid,' If you do that again youM bust," tnd (he old fale done it again and busted, Morrel Never make a fule of yourself." JOHN WAS so LITERAL.-Her Girl Chum (sweetly)-" What did John get you for a birthday present?' Mrs. Youngwifc (mournfully)-" Not a thing." IT. G. C, (emphatically.!-" Whv,;howdid that happen?" Mrs. Y. (wci-pins)-" Well,"you see, he asked me (sobs) what he should get for me, and-and -I (more sobs) told him I'd lore him as just as just as well (soti«) if he didn't g-get me anything, and-he-he-didn't." 