Y^ÍaIbS^amodotbs: no revival of a Shakespeare tragedy li a great .iT_Aa_ and its importance naturally does s '2s. Inthêch"f ci y of Australia. And, [if Lil chorus of approbation has set oT-. 2. of last year, there has l^nwantifir« minority who grumble a good at wh. they term the 1«B0,Mcf si ' 'wife and ho want of discrimination shown fi_rt_-W* and - forth It is not TZwould stated that there was not much of ss SS- much to awaken applause, in W.'B..ndit_ingoftheplaysi but according ffi-_Ähn.UsmP bloomed is often a. -T_Twrong time, and the claps hungered to Tins « They didn't, and don't, and never If -as. Shakespeare.," said one of r Who do you mean by understand raise a " asked the person addressed. "They are combat knowledge of the play. A L you call a competent knowledge?' of "Oh CruEl hands of. 2732" the (in-the." Now, this undoubtedly is Acting requirement. Stir it must emitted that a Shakesperian tragedy must be from that from which we view a r»Äor_.iodr.m_ I would be quite presumptuous for a mere amateur critic to it to point out how the great actors, who mining- Macbeth, interpret its complex char -,. but it may interest our readers to learn how "says- conceived by their great pre leces ? to the English stage, and to the end we have ". together a few illustrative anecdotes, take action of the play before the Restoration. as. any I know little, but after B-torti-ait certainly became very popular, "h not quite in the form in which we read it can editions of the Dramatic- It 'spire- it for his care by the poet laureate, Sir William mt-, end either he or some other interpolated , the tait an amount of extraneous Her that completely transformed it. This , matter was. chiefly taken from other by a dramatist named Middleton, entitled, "fal-," and consisted principally of songs. the question of how they came to be inferno we,, reintroduced them, or whether Middle therefrom Shakespeare, or Shakespeare from Idleton, or Devenant from both, it would be on to enter here probably the last alternative ?arthetrutb. at any rate, it is certain that the -land play, with the supplementary attraction Lock's music because very popular. Pepys saw or the Ant time, apparently about 1604, and on again and again in his diary subse make. For example, some two years later, he to: Saw 'Macbeth,' which, though I saw it and, yet appears a most excellent play in all sets, bnteapeoielly in divertissement. though It l dip tragedy ¡ which is a strange perfection in ngfdy, it being most proper here and suitable. I di»eriiiiem«ni PToba*>ly consisted of music, pair, and most probably dancing, all of which in been much detailed in modern stage Version. se idea of the extraordinary changes and add reintroduced into this form of the play may be freed from the introduction to the tragedy in a Irving okikeipeere, and tory comical by fire. One or two may be noticed a, but the chief point to recollect, li regard to the- early acting version it for nearly a century it supplied the in with their ears conceptions of the characters invented. It is important to remember this, as while the point of some of the anecdotes was strang together may be talesed. For example, ghost of Duncan be introduced, and while Mao I hesitates to join the army, because of his long illness, Lady Macbeth enters and an ex that she is haunted by it She urges Ireland to resign the Town, reproaches him li obeying her counsels, and declares that she had too much of kings already." Then lean's Ghost appears and Macbeth exclaims as she relapses," and calling her woman to her away, remarks: does from Duncan's death to sickness grieve, I shall from Malcolm's death her health receive en by a viper bitten clothing '. good cure the venom but a vipers blood. 'Small marvel is li," says one critic, When desperate tragedy was known only through his version, that the conception of Macbeth and ly Macbeth should have become blurred and filled, and that the finer points of his great Blions should have been lost eight of a by actors and audience. The result was instead of the many-sided and con tory' character, with its varied emotions, cube and complex motives, its strange mixture deep self-analysis, shallow superstition, and pie physical courage, Macbeth is treated as if were a manly soldier, reluctantly tempted to De ; or is if he were completely dominated by a man with scarcely any womanly qualities, and h none of that strange fascination, that mar- one power of assuming to be that which she was thick we find in Shakespeare's Lady cloth, but not in Dannant's.1' Even if yet to be regretted that these conceptions of the racters pistol too widely; to the mediocre critic, ted, the play is still a stumbling block. For since, Donelly, of great cryptogamic " orders, writes: " The plays are great hormone ; inst great evils that are moral epic What leaden If-beth leave upon the mind ? It teaches r he who reads it, or seen it acted, the horrors a nnacrnpnloni ambition, It depicts, in the first to, a brave soldier and patriot defending his home at the risk of his life. Then it shows the nts of evil approaching: and suggesting dark this to his brain. We see the seed of amber n taking root; woree it "disclosed ;" we see Here and the sense of right warring with each or, W see his fiendish wife driving him for- no- crime against the promptings of his better ate. To critics of this class Lady -Macbeth in a "river, With the eyes of a fallen archangel, And the lips of a beautiful fiend, W; but without a womanly quality, or, with -ely one The greatest exponents of the cha- far, however, have always conceived it in a much [her and neVer spirit, It is true she is wrapped in her husband, being now childless. I have given suck, and know attender 'try to love the babe that milks me ; wild, while it was smiling in my face, he planked1 my apple from his boneless gums, a dashed the brutes and, had I so sworn as you rudeness till; 4 t, though for him she can sin in act and Light, her intellect: and conscience are deep, 1 were ones true. She is no friend, . General or Began. Though she has drugged left with wine, she cannot do the murder, and JWiheieelf: "Had he not resembled my father M slept, I had done" Macbeth seems to fear 'constancy. He has himself in blood stepped k far, that, should be under no more, returning We J*.01"' M B° o'"' " but no hesitates to l ter of the new murders that must be committed seat him and. Of Banquo'a fate he I Be innocent of the knowledge, wit, chuck, till thou applaud the deeds and other our duty to attend reverently to forthcoming expediency the characters than Fuge in imaginary subjective criticism; so will pass on to our anecdotal. The earliest great Macbeth of whom we have any rain knowledge was Better on, and of him who w little He is indeed mentioned by Papya : ' was vexed to see Young, who in but Mo. actor at boat, act Macbeth in the C of Betterton, who, poor man, is in Í^rH.ÜU> eT' Shakespearean actor of no tv" bathing' Yallok, Kemble, Kean, xiii. v. M nn tree-" says Colly Cibber, Lm 10-9 WM " author, both without operators, forms for the mutual ,_,8l8tan0o and ration of each other's genius. How Shake Swig 2 } mm ""e name of taste for nature play w. , ! but with what higher rapture Wh, still be Ma could the saw Orton played him It Of Mrs. Botterton their ""is ',iih*"u remarkable for per _" jj!!'.T*18 """"'be of Shakspeare to a »waegreeof excellence than any other actress fo' ,?.,noe'. Though far advanced in years. eager to greet M aot,'eS8 that in the "M M Barry-who raced Lady Macbeth after SELTH White P wish to be superior I was a D1'lod7 of voIoe'lhtow out those quick mnlesetoneaof terror which the other gave with a B h<,IT.nnet that endeared her at once "vi. 9 delights" A writer in -each. ___»_!*_* to assist at Betterton was read AA". '-ST of the more versatile than- .'Jn0NdlDÍaiC(!<,aBta remain to a »í___í_W*,?a by References, The gbajtouueuceof tone and expresses seemed to Twas an audience. Mrs. Barry, a rival Offer- î°tKM of this time' Quired the tALS- here' 'battalion "e have seen, S;f.vWilCon,Idered 10 seen her in the tion of the character of Lady Macbeth. ^-__,L"^ «-*?'.ln this charity at«^i^.6^ti,TbcUt though very popular, ac J . critic a. Dr. Johnson depraoUte. he?. is He, left hnw7«,óWM.q.ito mechanical It's Mrs mi the tragedy of MlwbeUl 8, through. She no more thought of the playing out of which her part was taken than a shoemaker thinks of the skin out of which the piece of leather of which he is making a pair of shoes is out" Speaking to Mrs. Siddons, he said: " Pritchard in common life was a vulgar idiot she would talk of her gownd ; but whose who appeared on the stage she seemed inspired by gentility and understand- ing. "The ghost story," says Foroy Fitzgerald, was a great triumph for Mrs. Pritchard. Her by-play, her efforts to distract the attention of the company from her husband's extravagances, her assumed gaiety and courtney, were not mere points worked out by an ingenius and clever player, but were true flashes of genius, and intended by the poor Groat actresses have since won applause by heightening the petition of these ' points, but it was Pritchard led the way." Next on the list of Lady Macbeth's we may name Mrs. Peg Woffington. " Since her day," says a chronicler of matters theatrical, s. now more than 100 years ago, there has never been a comic actress capable of sustaining such a character as Lady Mac beth before a London audience. This, the most difficult of all Shakespearean parts, was considered by the critics a first-rate performance; nod in regard to her genius for comedy. Garrick, who was so popular in Sir Harry Wildalr, gave up the part when Woffington appeared in it Mrs. Yates acted Lady Macbeth to the Macbeth of Henderson, and at that time passed for the greatest that had been seen since Mrs. Pritchard. But, adds Deacon, in his " Life of Siddons," " in the sleeping scene, I am satisfied Miss Young had more speaking terrors, and in all but the commanding action with the dagger, had more nature and more effect than her beautiful rival." But, of course, the queen of tragedy quong in the part was the majestic Siddons. Campbell, with a poet's enthusiasm, declares, "Her lofty beauty, her graceful walk, and her power; elocution were endowments which at first eight marked her supremacy on the stage." Kit North, too, is ecstatic " None know the troubled grandeur of guilt till the; saw her in Lady Macbeth walking in her sleep, and as she wrung her hands, striving in vain to wash from her the engrained murder ' Not all the perfumes of Arabia could sweet on this little hand. The whisper Kamo ss from the hollow grave, and more hideously haunted than ever was the hollow grave seemed then to be the cell of her heart Shakespeare's self had learned something then from the Right of Siddons." Horace Walpole, of course, has something ironical to say about her, " Mrs. Siddons was desired to play Medea and Lady Macbeth. 'No,' she replied, 'Do not consider them female characters,' " "She is handsome enough," he adds, " though neither nose or oh in according to the Greek standard, beyond which both advance a good deal. her hair is either road, or who has no objection to its being thought so, and uses ted powder, her voice is clear and good ; but I thought she did no vary its modulations enough, or even approach enough to the familiar; but this may come when more habituated to the awe of the audience of the capital. her action is proper, but with little variety." Benjamin Haydon, the painter, too, found fault with her in this character. " I fancied that Mrs. Siddons acted with very little force in the scene where she comes out, when Macbeth is in Duncan's chamber, and says, That which hath made them drunk hath made me bold.' She ought to be in a blaze." At her farewell benefit a unique compliment was paid to this great tragic actress. The play was " Macbeth," and the crowd immense. At the sleep-walking scene the excitement was so great that the audience stood on the benches, and demanded that the performance should end with that area. A critic gives special praise to her acting at her first appearance, reading her husband's letter. " She entered, according to the tragedy, reading the letter. It was evident from her manner that she had seen something in the letter which had so affected her, that she had instinctively come forward two or three paces from the spot where she had first opened it But when she came to they made themselves air,' she paused for an instant as if doubtful of the term employed, and then uttered the word ' air in a tone of wonder. From that moment her voice assumed a more earnest accent, and I would say the dome of of the character took possession of her." It is not our intention to refer to living and loving representatives of this great part, so with the name of Helen Faucit we will conclude the coun- Perfects of Shakespeare's wonderful creation, pe Quincey gives a rapturous description of this charming actress, he saw her in a G rook classic drama. "Suddenly-oh, heavens," he cries, " what a revelation of beauty. Forth stepped, walking in brightness the moatfaultloss of Grecian marbles, Miss Helen Faucit, as Antigotio. What perfection of Athenian sculptor. The noble figure, the lovely arms, the fluent drapery. What an unveiling of the ideal Btatuosque. Is it Hebe? Is it Aurora? Is it a goddess that moves before us ? Perfect she is In form ; perfect in attitude : Beautiful exceedingly, Like a lady from a far countries. It flattered one's patriotic feelings to see this noble young countrywoman realiz- ing so exquisitely, and restoring to our imagination the noblest of Grecian girls." We respectfully offer this as a model of style to the enthusiastic critic to whose lot it falls to eulogise the play, Like other great actresses, Miss Faucit, ia the sleep-walking scene, crowned the performances of the night " To witness this," pays Carleton, is worth a thousand homilies against murder. There was in it such a frightful reality of horror, such terrible revelations of remorse, euch unrelenting struggles to wash away, not the blood from the hands but the blood from the bout, as made me shudder from head to foot and my very fair to stand upon my head. Heavens, how the deadly agonies of crime are portrayed by the smarting and parched mouth that told of the burning tortures within, and the expression of her eyes was fearful This scene is indeed beyond criticism and above it The character of Macbeth, who, has been a favourite text part with many of our greatest actors. As we have said, until Garrick's management the version as arranged by Davenant was played, and it is said that Quin-the greatest of Falstaff, on or off the stage, and one of the wittiest of mortals-when the little manager announced that he was going to revive " Macbeth " " as written by Shakespeare," asked, " What does he mean ? Don't I play Macbeth as written by Shakespeare?" Yet be little did he know the true text that he questioned Garrick as to where he got such queer lines as The devil damn thee black, their cream-faced loon! Where Rothsay thou that goose-look P -lines that we Remo m ber, as a schoolboy, the whole class learned to quote with amazing facility. Another amusing story is told of Quin, which likewise illustrates the incorrectness of the old text Quin was especially famous for his Bang Void. It is related of him that there was a riot once at the stage door, when he wounded slightly in the hand some young fellow who had drawn upon him. The youth presently appeared in one of the boxes over the stage door, in the soliloquy, where he sees the dagger as Quin repeated, "And on thy blade ara drops of reeking blood," the young gentleman bawled out, "AyeI rook- ing indeed-it's my blood." Glancing. at him witheringly for a moment, the actor replied, audibly " Dan your blood, sir," and went on with the rest of the speech. Though Garrick thus restored the true text there was one anomaly that he declared he dared not touch lest the audience should " throw a bottle at his head ;" this related to the costume. For though he has often received the credit of the innovation, it was really Macklin who first dressed his company in Highland dress. Up to his time the character used to be dressed in a suit of scarlet and gold, with a stewing, and in every other respect like a modern military officer ; a glittering illustration of the state of learning among the players. Garrick always played it in this attire, Macklin, however, saw the absurdity, and appeared in the old Caledonian habit After these, the most noted actors of the character are John Kemble and Edmund Kean. The former does not seem to have quite entered into the part Charles Lamb gives it as his opinion that " his Macbeth has been known to need," and another writer says " there was no conception of the general idea he had formed as to how Mac- beth should be played." The first time I saw him I was greatly disappointed, and I recollect two gross blunders. The first was in the manner in which he uttered ' Wake Duncan with thy knocking ! I would thou could'st He really appeared to be in a towering passion because Duncan slept so soundly ; the other was in repeating To-morrow and to-morrow and to-morrow. At which the stately John appeared to be most absurdly angry. Kean does not appear to have approached his customary excellence in this part; and some critics even speak of him as a failure There are some amusing miscellaneous stories connected with the play, but the extracts hays run to such a length that we will conclude with a single additional anecdote, related by Mathews. One night when Mrs. Siddons was playing Lady Macbeth, the evening being very hot, she was tempted by a torturing thin to avail herself of the only relief to be obtained at the moment Her dresser therefore despatched a boy to " fetch a pint of beer for Mrs. Siddons." Of course the play proceeded, and when the boy returned with the frothed pitcher he looked about for the person who had sent him on the ground, and not seeing her asked " Where is Mrs. Siddons ?" The scene shifter, whom he questioned, pointed his finger to the stage where she was performing the sleep-walking scene, and replied "There she is." To the aston strong and horror of the performers, the boy promptly walked on to the stage close up to Mrs. Siddons and presented the porter. 