PART I. Where the Flinders swerves to the Gulf 'midst yellow plains, In a land of drouth, and thirst, and fever, and flood, Where sweltering summers are followed hy tropic rains, And human safety is bought with human bloodi In the days gone by, when scarcely a white man's face Had troubled the realms where the dark-skinned hunters roam, Amos Mostyn discovered a resting place In the utmost wilderness-and called it 'home' ! A desolate man, cursed with a morbid mind, Vexed with a cruel wrong, and a secret grief, With a'heart that had lost its trust in humankind, Building a faithless creed on a dead belief. Outcast, hermit, misanthrope : what you will ! Worn by fever and burnt by the hot wind's breath, ; . <: .>. -* Severed from every tie, yet nursing in exile still A deathless hate in a life that was living death. Hate of a wrong, which wrought, nought could amend! Hate of a hideous memory, never to fade ! Folly of faith, which trusted blind to the end ! Hate of the false betrayer, and of the fool betrayed!" " Hate of a heavenly face masking an ; evil heart ! Of wounds, made keener dealt under friend- ship's wing ! Of healthy morals poisoned by noxious art Hate of the hate that hated so mean a thing! Whatever of brighter memories haunted thought; Commune of cultured minds, love of the nobly born He made no sign in the refuge his madness sought Four walls of slab and a bark roof battered and . worn ! . A rough hut, built for siege, with a loop-holed wall Where splintered wood and the broken shaft heads tell 1 Of nights when the carbine's crack and its hissing ball . Silenced the thud of spears and the fiend- ish yell. fem os/ For every dent of spears on that lonely hut, . For. each :head of cattle slain in a crafty strife. Mostyn'had cut a notch on his rifle's butt, And every notch betokened a human life ; Till 'He who followed and failed not' at last became ; A name pf terror to men of a warlike race. They called him'Spirit ! Lord of Thunder,? and v Flame'- ' , ', '.. \ ,'. " - For miles around the myalls "would shun the place. . ? : . . : ? ,, ? . Such was his life-No friends save four dusky boys Tending his herd ; holding his life in his hand, What wonder that, without friendships, or hopes, ' or joys, This silent man seemed a type of this silent land ? The full dark heard and hair grew matted and grey..; ... ¡ The strong form shrivelled ; the face ! became weather-stained, Burnt black by blistering winds and the fierce sun's ray, But the cynic sneer and the piercing glance remained. ni.a nroi! 4-r\ "l-iim eva ein mioTi V»nriV Yet Nature was to him as an open book, Secrets of flowers and trees, signs of the earth and skies, Bii'd and insect, life, the careless would overlook. He studied all : their ways and their mysteries. He had seen the plains afire, when the earth flashed bright, , And the sky was lost in smoke, and the wind . w<as freed, And the racing flames flew on in their mad delight, Strong as the ocean waves, swift as the fleetest . steed. ? .. . He had seen the plains by flood, when the eye looked forth On leagues of yellow water and drifting Avood, ? When, only the tallest treetops marked the creek to, the north,. And all was a sullen sea save the bank where ' the lone hut stood. ? He had seen the plains in spring when the cattle rove Knee-deep in grass and herbage of every hue, When soft as the subtle tint of the sky above . Glimmered the' swamps to the east where the blùè-bush grew. So the .years rolled on. The world, if it missed the man, Had long abandoned conjecture as to his fate. He had chosen his loty where no vulgar eye could scan His untold grief, or max'k the strength of his hate.. But oft at nights he would start from a troubled ., .sleep, Moaning ' Revenge ! Revenge ! ' and ' The hour :. is nigh.' And shout one name with cursès bitter and deep: 'DRESDEN!- , . .. A'life for a life! . . . An eye for an eye ! ' ? At times he would pass whole days in a moving trance, ' Speechless, 'spell-bound, staring with cold set ., ... eyes, Till the dusky boys who loved him, feared his glance So fierce his rage if roused from his reveries. One night he found'midst some relics pf by-gone ' days,. . . A battered bible, with, pages yellow and torn, And he brought it out from its dust to the fireside ? . blaze, ? : . And opened the book with a sneer of cynic scorn. And saw, as'his eye looked .down on the written wPrd ? j' Of him who. first from ,G od to the Gentiles came, Vengeance is mine.- I will repay saith the Lord.' Then he rose with an oath and flung the book in the flame ; Yet none the less in his toiling and in his rest Those words of warning burnt into heart and brain. Through all the brooding vengeance that stirred his breast . They haunted him like the swing of some old refrain. Like the seed that slumbers1 in darkness until its hour, . ?, ; " ? Like the smouldering spark, unseen till fanned by the wind, Unknown to the man the seed of a splendid flower Had taken root in the soil of his morbid mind. T?or it chanced on a day as Amos rode alone, But two night's camp from home, on an arid ? plain, ,. , -t That he found a'horse lying dead, with a brand unknown, . With the saddle -turned and crushed, and a broken rein. And he followed the tracks which the dying brute had made. 'Till they crossed the sandy bed of a waterless creek, And on the bank, outstretched 'neath the gidya shade, . - - Lay a man with the pallid hue of death on his cheek. He had flung his clothes from his limbs in a maddening thirst, And gaunt and nude he lay in a globe of flies ; But he was not dead, for fever, by suffering nursed, Shook his frame with tremors and blazed forth in his eyes. And Amos stared at the face, crying f Mah or ghost ?' And staggered like one who reels from a blow of fate: ' Dresden ? . . . This is the hour I have prayed for most, To stand alone beneath heaven with the man I hate/ ' « A white mist blurred his sight, and his cheek grew pale, . He clung to his horse for support with a sickening pain. And the tones of the deep voice changed to a childish wail : cIs it a dream? Or has solitude turned, my brain ? ' Then he who lay there uttered a startled cry,. And fixed his eyes on Amos with fiendish glare, And strove to rise, but faint with agony Sank again to earth with a deep groan of despair, . ? . i. Yet, pointing his wasted finger at Amos, spoke : ' Come not to haunt me now, O ghost of the past ! ' . And, at the voice, the fire of revenge awoke, And Amos hissed thro' his teeth « At last ! At last ! ' . f An eye for an eye ! A life for a life ! Shall it be ? For deadly wrong shall not right be wrought by the sword ? Ah! by sword and fire ! Sweet is revenge to me ' Vengeance is mine : I will repay, saith th« Lord/ ' Have I not dreamt and prayed and hungered foi this Thro' weary years alone in a dreary land ? Hidden myself lest my soul should answer for his : Yet fate hath given mine enemy into min< hand!''. ' When he wrecked her life and mine, did he coun the cost ? Did he deem that her sinful death could mak< him free On the day when her faith was gone and her sou was lost ? Dresden, answer ? . -. . Yea, thou shalt answei to me/ '.Now, l am ripe for vengeance, I thirst to slay, To drain to the dregs the joy this cup shall .afford! Who shall deny me this ? What cause for delay ? "Vengeance.is mine: I will repay, saith the Lord/" ' 'Can he change the past, lost freshness of faith restore? Who dealeth torture, hy torture must expiate. I challenge judgement. Who, once in the days of yore Called me cold, shall learn that I know-how. to ; hate ! ' . ' Let me watch him die-die of a raving thirst, Whilst! laugh'arid gloat and drink my fill at his side ! ' Of forms of vengeance surely none so accurst ? , 'Twill he sweet to think that he knew me ere he died/ . . 'O Blessed Power, that gives me, my heart's desire! That yields; this life to me as my righteous due, With choice of torment by bloodshed, or thirst, or fire ! , i Ah! Too good to be true! Too good to be true!' r : ' ' ' Stay ! ' saith.the Voice, ' One Torture thou dost forget. ' : God giveth more-His eyes see deeper than . thine. " . Who is armed with, pardon smiteth deadlier yet. Pay thou a mortal wrong with revenge divine/ ' Stain not thine hand with blood of so mean a 'thing! '* ? . Sound on the harp of the spirit a nobler chord! The barb of mercy leaveth the bitterer sting ! ? " Vengeance is ' mine ; I will repay, saith the Lord/' ' ' Ah ! But who then shall measure the sacrifice ? Or count the sum of the loss which I thus forego? I, who have lusted to clutch his throat in a vice ! I, who have prayed fdr the day when his blood should flow!'' # # # * * ; ' Spirit or Voice ?-I know not-whatever thou art, ... Enough-Let him live !-Lo ! the fire of thy mystic word Kindles the faith of my childhood now in my heart. . x. . " Vengeance is Thine ; Thine be the judgement, O Lord!'" . ' ; # #?: '.'..# # * Two men alone in a hutdn the Austral Wild Alone with the ghosts of the past, and a dead desire. One lies on the green-hide couch asleep like a child : One leans his head on his hand by the flickering -fire. .-. ? .. ' And sudden gleams on the wall's rough timbers shed .'..'.'. ' ' ; ' Fantastic shadows as though in a phantom ? chase, < And calm and white, as the face of the peaceful. dead, The sleeper's features seen in their resting place. And all around them a silence as still as death. Not a sound to break the spell of the. voiceless air, But- loud and. deep and clear -with passionate breath - . The voice of his soul is speaking to one man ..there. ? .. J.-. 