iYTHRED'S. WHARF. CdI.\PTER I. :: T ::: strect and the River ,pt Ion which the castle m: ,: :t.arch once stood, there S: ar.louse-so lofty that .:: it throws some shadow " ,, :v hirf below. : e:ie ; for uponl that silent ;r 'oe for ..rlv the gilded :r iided to and fro with : 1.:. ,: 1 courtiers, blaek . w: in .low procession, led by :" '.: " the most democralic ap. iter seldom greets the ear; . ,::s a:e heard of barge and . :: the cltanut trundling of .:? !..c with sacks, boxes and :::::::, l?l other noise sounds :. ': tiluor of Ihtge cranes i:... : ?- ,s arc lifted into the air r.i d : at soime wide aperture : ,:. ; I1nerous floors of the : --. warcihase which would :..: b, '-: f unlimited accotmmoda t: :;"i utloa ling from the lighters ;' .i ig of merchandise into S:.r.rot:n or another go on day after t. :Ihe first floor of this warehouse, ..t: up n the river, is Mr. Lin :.i:. 3ir. Lintock is the proprie. -: -i'.'i red's wharf and warehouse i:r ,en~in the family for generations. ti" r:cher men are to be found than n '.i?atock in the city of London; and o.: sat hte one afternoon at his ,:i !mtince wharf-owner had a dis. ::i. tr ul?el look. His brow was -? .y tri:kle.I, and the expression in his . s::.;:a"t of a man who was con : ;:: i..a:ed iy some distressful . . Ln ,ck at his :flfice door, for b:?ii, reasu. startled him. It was .=i: y on the river, and the llen r:: : .:m::;. ro disp-rse for the night. I: .s du ki..,r still in the wharf-owner's -iu that ?'" -Mr. Lintock, half 'i:, sh1cr d his eyes with his hand. " Ah, tv t s right. t Well, Ducket, thu is it " I:.,ki,4 r una1 the sombre room the :a'. nd : "l I light your lamp, sir ?" asked ':;. D:cket, I shall not need it to ri .:; I a: .,i;:. ho.me. Have you any Du::;.: w -S .r. Lintoek's foreman. ie w a ir.a:l shouldered man, with : ' :J a Ir, tt, ho:nest face. His -.- ", .-itr-.a rather gaunlt form, i :'.l i st,:oop by constantly :ii: hev try weights. He had 1.1 ::..:.::. s : ailin a eyes of one long no. c.: :."di t :Ic .supervision of a hive of 'Yu : Ised ::e io tell you, sir, when ?t?:?-,C ..r:, ):: n a tau." ' sid-Mr. Lintock, noticing I ':. ees c Limt." " t. t:;e wharf ?" " ha is given up coming here. S,~ ,.;the hint I gave him last time : : ,p: di coeming this way, though i:.;?r it he would." :r. then, did you see hibun" ': • I:. Lintock. " L ,.,: Bridge. He was lounging ..:leaning over the parapet. It ":;::i:: dark, and I saw him look at S.ri: 'a and then into the river, as i al a mind to drown himself. . a :,itkirg, -ir, that he's getting a bit "1 dinger to himself," the wharf. . :: c an?sered thoughtfully. '-1: to others sir," said the foreman, ':i iac:tlr. ' He'a plotting. A man t.. C. irou:a woulid slick at nothing, 't do you mean by that, DaTc.,t twisted his cap in his hand and :.'acId cut of the window upon the ik nil:- river. " t:.-ting revenge," said he. " Pinting revenge," repeated Ducket, ' a l'ick look at his master. "Why, e i,,ken-dawn, drunken chaps like :.-: .a, sir, haven't anything to lose : : no value on life." 1o n; L mean their own 1" .ye, sir-neither their own nor other i '.l.si. You'll excuse me, sir; but if S . h.a. seen the face of him--" Ti," foreman stopped abruptly. Some tia; i'n hr. Lintock's face alarmed him; a '? :a .i-t.L could scarcely have produced a i: cu suLdden change. But the startleh'd '..resion palssed before lie could ask if : r:u:, r Were ill. " i.:, " said MrI. Lintock, rising ii,' aI; chair, if Clogstoun ever comesO ti:ie t;,arf you have my leave to hand i.i?ir totr to hIe police. We must run no li.i in a place like this. am glad to se th'lt you are alive to the fact that the :.1'1 is a daal'erouz character." i? h: drove that evening toward Los d.n lPi:'1e Station through the lamp-lit "r;'s. ,Ir. Lintack peered restlessly out O' :ie carrinage window ; and in the large i!ruli-ares, where men with uncouth, ih'paL:ed faces laughed and talked at :]-",paen tacern doors, hlie looked about iai wClih the horror of one who dreaded 'o cucoalisC some repulsive face among t ,e'. It was not until thle wharf-owner h:ad 'a-sed inlto thile crowded station that e -letled to throw ff inl some degree .is curiosity about llis fellow-men. -ir. Liuntock lived at Greenwich, and the train was n:ntlie painut o sfart-rig. As. he stepped in'o an elip':Vy cu:p:utIment and the porter was .cloeitng the door, a young man a?;ue up out of breath and stepped. in after him. By the dian light they recognised each other as friends, and a warm exchange of greetiings fol lowed. " Why, Overbeck, what takes you to Greenwich, oh?" said the wharfu-owner. " I was coming to visit you." To dine with us ?" " Yes." "I am delighted to Lear it." A matter of business between MIr. Lintock and Percy Overbeck had origi nally brought them together. Overbeck had taken part of a house vin Trinity Square as ajuniir partner in a Inamburg firm. and often had occasion to land goods at Wythred's wharf. Ir. Lintock, in his younger days, had known Overbeck's parents; and he had welcomed to a place on Ins hearth this son of hii old friends, as soon as he presented his letter of re commendation; and so it came to pass that the young Hamburg merchant quickly learned to realise that DIr. Lin tock had a fascinating daughter. Nor did' he despair of some day winning Bertha Lintock's hand. The train was in rapid motion. The two friends sitting opposite each other, were chatting pleasantly,when a startling clhange came over Mr. Lintock's face. Tce expression was that of abject terror. Wi:,h his eyes fixed as though hie were fascinated-ixed upon the further win dow of the carriage-the wharf-owner sat pale and speechless. Orerbeck could not withdraw his gaze; and so completely did Mr. Lintock's face and attitude impress him, that for the moment he imagined something super natural had r.apeared to him. Turning his head to follow the direction of the wharf-owner's eyes, Overbeck was sur prised to see no phantom--nothing visible beyond the window but black nighit. Overbeck placed his hand on Mr. Lin tock's arm. "Are 'we in danger ? You stare as though yeou anticipated something ter rible. If there is any real-" The older lman raised his hand to silence his companion, at the same time covering his eyes with the other as if to shut out some repulsive sight. " There is no danger-no danger now. It htas gone by." This answer, in Orerbeck's excited state of mind, did not satisfy. "There was danger, then ? If it was real, and not mere fancy-" "'It was real. It's lucky we met to- night. Your presence has saved my life." " In what possible way ?" " Do not question rto now," said Mr. Lintock, with great earnes:ness. "I saw, as distinctly as I see you at this meo ment, a fice at that farther window-a face that lhas haunted me for more than a year." Overbeck sprang up to go to the car rings door; but his companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. " Don't stir ! The face has gone-it would be madness !" The engine shrieked, and the carriages began to slacken pace. In another tuin ute the train had come to a standstill in Greenwich Station. CHAPTER II. The Lintock mansion, in the neighbor hood of Greenwich Park, was surrounded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate, leading into a large courtyard, migiht have been tihe entrance to a prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Over beck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown open, and he stepped with his host into a broad, well lighted hall, all sense of dread was in stantly dismissed, for at the foot of the oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintock. She was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and she always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at these moments of greeting with her father ; not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they met his. But she simply said in a charming tone of well-feigned surprise : " Mr. Overbcck. Iueaw very kind this is " as she took iris proffered hand. Overbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that shte guessed somethinig hadre cently upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which he had acci dentally discovered, weighcd upon her father's mind? B]ertha's first words, when they were alone in the drawing room before dinner, " Have you marked the change in my father I To night he does not -seem the same man," con vinced Overbeck that she had been told nothing. "He is greatly changed," replied the young man. "I ant much concerned about him." "Can anything be done ?" "I sincerely hope your father will talk to me of himself this evening. I shall draw him out," ihe added, laughingly, to reassure her, "over our cigar." Bertha's eyes expressed her sense of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted; in fact, hie left Bertha to do all the talking; so she and Percy con versed together to their hearts' con tent. As soon as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbieck stood holding open the door, the girl .gave him one of those appealing looks as stie passed out which ite remembered loeg after. "Now that we are alone," said Mr. Lintoek, " I will ask your attentionfor a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts me. Ihave intended for serne time speaking to you. The in cident in the train to'night has decided me." Overbeck, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking atten tively at Mr. Lintack, said: " I am dleeply interested." After a feaw minutes' pause, the wharf owner inquired: "DDo you remember, Overbeek, an in dividual of the namte of Clogstoun ?" Overbeck shook his head. " He was a workman on the wharf. I dismissed him for insobriety." "A dart person, witl blackc ,Sungry eyes ?'" asked Orerbeek. "That's the man, as you decribo him- tlat's the man whose face I saw at the carriage window to-night" Tlhe younger man's handsome eyes were fixed searchingly upon his host. "Not really "" "Yes, what else?" "I thought you might mean his ghost." said the young Imant, smiling. " I mean the man's face. I have no belief in disembodied spirits." "'B t." said Overheek, " mtles -11he ian f'loJ.touun is dead-" " lie is not dead: He threatens me: Ie lhas done so for months. I see Ilts fnce everjiwhere-everywhere," said Mr. Lin tock, glancing uneasily routid the room. - For a moment the wharf-owner placed his hand acioss Ilis eyes, as lie had done in thi railway carriageo; but quickly re covering himself he saidd: " Clogastoun had often been employed on thei wharf, and as often discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrelsome habits. He insulted everyin hlie cantte across, when excited by drink. until it was thought he must be out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to his appeal to be given another chance, he muttered, 'You shan't ruin me for no. thing, IMr. Lintock; you had better think this over.' "I did not like his look then; there was a strange expression in his eyes-a look that seemced to me to con rain a touch of insanity. A few days afterward lie accosted me in the street, loaded me with insult, and vowed he would not rest until he had taken my life." Orcrbeck started up with on angry ex clamation on his lips. "The man is mad !" " I treated this threat at first as the silly utterance of a drunkard," continued Mr, Lintock. "It gave me at the mio munt no real uneasiness. But. as time went by, hiis ciidust began to alarm me. He again accosted me, and becatue more itsolent. I warned hint that I should he forced, if hio did not cense to annoy ite, to take the matter before a magis. trate." Ahl ! you did righlt. I should have done so at once, though." " But that has nio effect. 1Io still dogs my steps if I venture out after dark. I see his eyes fixed on use at every cornter; and unless something is done to put a stop to it I shall be ill. )y duties at the warehouse are a sufficient wear and tear without Clogstoun's wretched face threat. ening me night and day." Overbcck was pacnmg up atd down the room. He could not rest with tihe thought of Mr. Lintock insulted and harassed at e cry turn. "Does anyone know of thIs affair ex cept ourselves ?" ihe asked. The wharf-owner rellected a moment. " Ducket, I think, suspects something; nobody else." "Not even your daughter 1" "I have never spoken to her on the subject," said Mr. Linltock, evasively. After a moment's pause, Overbeck akeil : " C.n you give me Clogstoun's ad dress ?" The wharf-owsier looked up sur prised. " It never occurred to me that lie had any. In what hole or corner of London would lie lodge ? HIis appearance was no better when I saw him last tlan that of a vangbond or tr.unp." ' " ie must he known to the police." '. So I hope, for lie has fallen very low. He was last seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the account he gave me, suicide or something worse. Is there a crime that one st) profligate would inot commit ? The thought makes me shudder! If you had seen his face to-night, the dread would have laid hold of you as it has of nte that my life is in danger." He spoke in a very earnest tone, but there was no trace of agitation in his manner. His words, " My life is iin danger," seemed to express the convic tion of a sound-minded man capable of mature reflection. "You are seriously of opinion, MIr. Lintock, that the face at tihe carriage window was real, and not imaginary ?" Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : "That is a question to which I wish. Overbeck,.I could give you a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The face, as I tell you, threatens me tnuotnciarily-aso un expectedly ; it seems--only too real." Then he suddenly added with a searching glance, " You do not think my brain affected ? Well, well, it is not surpris ing if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, somctihne, without this one, to drive me crazy." Overbeck promised to take the matter seriously in hand ;and afiter solie further conversation on the subject, of a re assuring nature, Ae. Lintoack proposed tLat they. should join Bertha in ths drawing-room. Site was at the piano, linbut silo rose when they came in, gave them tea, and paid some delicate little attenttions to her father. Theo she returned to the piano, nild began to play a sonata that seemed like ani accompaniment to her drcamy thoughts. Presently Percy Overbeck went softly to a chair bside tier, for the wharf-owner haind fallen asleep. " lie haspsokeni to you," said the girl, still accompanying her dream. " Has lhe not Z" Her face was troubled, and tears were in lier dark eves. " We have talked the matter over. He has told ime everything. Do not be dis tressed; there is no need. Have confidceice in nme, will you, as ai old friend ? ' There was little occasion to have asked this. Bertha's fnceb, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness. "'Why should you doubt that '" w?s the girl's reassuring reply. "For weeks past I have wished thait my father woutld speak to you. I ktnew that sometlhing distuirbed him. But heis so considerate I Hle has done his best to hide it fromn me, iearing to alarm mne." , It is about a discharged workmana it is best that you shouid know-a fallow who threatens your father. Tihe affair has unnerved hli:n ; but 1 holpo to put matters right. You are not frighltened, I hope 1" "'N6ov; not no:v," said Bertha in a low voice--" not now, that you .are lifting half the burden off our shoulders. How good it is of 'yon I" Shte wasin irresistible. Overbeck tin iesered ii Ihis earnest way: " There is no burden that I would not bear fornyour sake." "For mne " " Yes, Bertha... I love you.' " There was a flutter of thie dark eye aInshes, but the girl dtl not raise her eyes. The aecompaniment to her dream was al most inaudihle now. Was the reality the conviction of her love for Percy Overbeck tdawning upon her 1 The sonata was finishted, and Mr. Lbin took awoke out of Ihis nap. It was tilmeo for Overbeck to bid his friends good night, for hlie ititended to return to Lan don. Ilo caught a sweet, timid glance from hiertha as ihe took his leave. As the traii was approaching London Bridge, and the glow of laniltight in wide and narrow tltorotilighar.s throw ia red reflectionu overthe city, Overbtck lthouight of the countless myastris th:itt lay hidden in dark courts and alleys, it the midst of all this glare. Was the face that haunted his friend in one. of thlese shadowy by-ways ? CHAPTER III. The visit to Greenwich of Percy Over feck had effected a noticeable change.in the Wharf-owner's state of mind. The haunted look left hill,, his expression was altogether less careworn, and it would al most seem as if those strange forebodings which had lately perturbed Ihis brain troubled him no longer. Iis intlrest in a:l the business of the wharf returned and Dicket found him one evening work ing in grill earnest at his desk. - " Well, Dueket," said Mr. Lintock, as the foreman came in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, " who is on duty to night ?" "I'm on duty, air, till 12 o'clock." " Not alone ?" " Why, yes. The fact is, asir, I'd a special object in relieving the niight watchman." The wharf-owner's glance expressed Ilsi surpriso. i What object could you possibly have ?" Ducket, still occupied with the lamp, answered without lifting his oven : "" I am expecting Mr. Overieck." " And what hour?" Ducket hlanded the, wharf-owrler a slip of paper. A sinleo lini, which he re cogitissd as Percy U? erbeck's writing, ran as follows ; "Ten I'. IM. Wait at wharf.-. P. 0." Mr. Linteck's face whild reading this undet went a change; but rccoveringi him. self quickly lie inquired : "Do you know iwhy MIr. Orerbeck is coming to night 1" The lamp was now lighted, and Ducket, while placing it upon the wharf-owner's desk and adjusting the shade, repliu:ed " It's about Clogstoun. So I naturally s:ppose ; for there ain't anything else I .uan tlink of that would bring him here at that time o' night. The notse, lust as you see it, wans given to me this afternoon." "Who brought it ?" " One of MIr. Overbeck's clerk's." The wharf- owner loolked thr'u-htful. " I have plenty to keep ine busy till ten o'clock," said he, throwing a glancd over the papers before him. "DIr. Orer heck is coming, depend upon it, about Ologstoun. I shall wait and see him." Then taking up his pen the added, "You'll be within call if I want you, Ducket 1" "You've only to touch the bell, sir; I shall be sure to hear." It was the first time for many weeks that Mr. Lintock had worked alonein the counting- house after dark ; and it was not surprising that the dead silence and soli tude, when he occasionally stopped and looked up from his desk, should remind him of the threatening fa?e of ClogatOUn. He had dismissed the clerks, for lie had no need of assistance ; every detail refer ring to the whasf was entered in tho books upon the shelves around him. Still the silence seemed each moment more oppressive. It was past nine. What could Docket be doing so noise lessly down stairs, heo wondered 7 It was so strange he had neither heard the sound of Ihis voice nor footsteps. Then he thought, " If Ducket would only sing or move about the building the sense of loneliness and dread which is creeping over me would be removed." He tried manfully to dismiss this feel ing and to find absorption in the work be fore him ; but there now rose its his mind, more vividly than ever, this haunting face. He imagined the figure of 0!og stoun, as Duckethad described it, leaning over the parapet of the bridge. Was the nman there to-night, lie wondered I He could not resist the temptation to stretch out his hand and draw the curtain back from the window antd look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on the bridge ; but thisy t-ere too dim to have enabled DMr. Litaock to distinguish one figure from s nns:ler. Yet he fancied that, dark as it was, Ie could discern a shadowy form standing g:ear the centro of the bridge, and that the form res-enbled that of the tman with whoso face he was ao painfuily haunted. lIe dropped the cur tain with an aotisry gesture. 'Whalt if ClhIgstoun is there 1" Ihe ex claimed aloud. But the wharf owner's hand trembled now ; he could iot write. Tihe black horrors which lie had resolutely ovrcome began again to crowd on his brain like imnps of darkntess; the more he tried to chase them fromt him, the more they swarmed. lii in'eginatinn awiakened into terror at last. A firm conviction took hold of hini ; it was like a nightmare whiclh no strength of will could drive from his brain ; Clogstuun was staring at his, through the glass partition: in the clerk's oilice like acatn untching its prey I MIr.: Lintock plrang to Ihis feet. At this moment the gate bell in the courtyard of tihe warehouse began to ring. CHAPTER IV. After lighting Mr. Lintock's lamp, Duciket had descended to tiobasement ot a level withl tile wharf. It wss a lhuge storerooin ; its area r:epresented the dimcisioilns of the entire warehouse ; and althlougll there were piles of merchandise on all sides of the iron pillars whichl sup ported tie flour above. its great size wams still apparent, for there were avenues in every dirction: betwcei tlieso goodly pies wide enough for the trucks to run to asls fro. " - Near.theo river entrance to this store room steood a woodn shed; it had a-door facing the main avenue, and a small win ddw on :ead side. On the door was written "'Superintendent's office." Ducket raised the latch and stepped in. There was a desk lllider one of the windows, and under the other stood a stove with a fun nel.disappearing through a hole in the wood-work. "'Tho foremna drew up a chalir in front of thisstove, and having looked at the fire and fed it with charcoal, ihe began to ap pease his appetite out of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. IHe ate his supper with apparent relish; but the miixture in the can did not seem to his taste, for hie rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. "l'd rather drinik a pilt of senna," he declared, driving tie cork home emphati cally withl the palhn of hIis hand, " than another drop of that stuff." He lit hIis piple with an air of resigna tion, leanald back in his chair and stared perplexedly at the tin can. Had anyone been playing him a trick? He was be S: nt.ink tL, get so sleepy ithat theiswa'ls ,if the shed appeared to expand, nmid his head to grow lproptortionately larger. It twas a mndd'nittg sensation. Le tried to throv off his drowsiness, for he was thli sole watchman. in the building. If any catastrophe occur:ed the blameo would fall on Iis shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and went out. lie begant to pace up and down the centre avenue between pyramids of bales. No. matter whether ith turned to the right or I, ft he was always becoming mnre and more impressed with the faot that uncer tainty lay beyond. This soon ended by the lantern's fallig from t's hand:and going nut ; then he sank tontlte ground with his head resting on ahard bale. Was Ihe dreaming ? It seemed to Docket as in a dream that someone glided past Ihim like a ghost, and that a lighit flashed bcifore his eyes ; tl. nan intitrval of darknoesa and confusion followed, until he a rake with a start, strongly convinced that lie had been roused by the clang of the warehouse bell. Couldt it be Orver beck at tlhe gate already ? It was surely not ten o'clock ! The foreman struggled to his feet and groped his :.way toward the superintendent's offie :As he went-along with outstretched' haitds he experienced a 'dull- shiging ltibiis car?. Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his bo wildered brain-? Ducket found the store fire still burn og, thoughl low. lie took a lantern from the wall, and lighting it.- glanced anxiously at the clock. " Ialf-past ten I" he exclaimed; " why-" It iwas thoe warehouse bell. It was no dream now ; it sounded like an alarm, it was so inceessant. Still half dazed wilth the oppruesing effect of his unnatural sleep, Docket htir:iod across the yard, and ulocking the side door leading into Th.mes street, found himself face to face with Percy Ororbeck. With an air of suppressed impatience ie said : "Why are you so dilatory in opening the door ?" " I anly heard the bell a minute ago, sir." " lw'. tlhatl 1 have been r:nging at short intervals for :e.terly half-an-hour. Is there anything wrong 1" Docket looking puzzlod at Overbeck's excited face. anatered : "I very much stuspect that-" "What?" " That I've been drugged. That's why I couldn't come. I fell asleep; the noise of the bell awoke me." The excited expression on Overbeck's face increaosed. " Are you hecre alone I" " I'm tile only one on duty ; but I'm not alone in the warehouse," said the foreman ; "Mr. Lintock is here." Ovr, rbeck hurriedly demanded : " Where ?" "In his office up.stairs. I left him there busy writing athis desk." " When I" "Some hours ago-before I became drtwas-." " Tours ago 7 Show the way as quick as you can to Mir. Lintitack's room." Ducket, still nmro perplexed at Over beck's manner, hastened up-stairs with out a word. IIe was re'zed with a dread ful sense of apprehension ; and on open ing Mr. Lintock'e door, lie uttered a sup pressed cry. The wharf-owner's room was empty; but the lamp upon his desk was burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the table, and the ink was trickling down into a pool upon the floor. Overbeck stepped forward, took a quick glance round him. Then he looked keenly at Docket. "Ciogstoun has bee lhero. He and Mr. Lintock have met." The foreman's face expressed a Icok of horror. - "Now, Dncket," said Percy Orerbeck, placing: his hand upon the foreman's shoulder, "nerroyourself. Lotussearch the warehouse." Tihets warehouse was explored from roof to bhanoment. The foreman who had known every turning among the dark lanes of merchandise since borhood,toosk the lead, flashing his lantern into every nook and corner. On each floor they c.alled on Mr. Lintock lotudly by name; but only an echo of their voices reached them. They stood once more within the wharf-ownor's room. -'Ducket," said Overbeck; "cast your eyes carefully around. Is anything mis sing 1" The light from the foreman's lantern moved over the floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly itstopped be hind MIr. Lintock's chair. Do you see that peg, air" " t Yes." " That key should be -there. It's gone." - "What key ?" "The key, sir, to that private door;" and Docket pointed to a door opposito the window. " But," said Overbeck. '" that lei?ds orit upon tile wharf. Anid,'tho added; turn ing the handle, " it's locked. What can it mtean 1" "It means," said the foretiiit 'with sudden inspiration," that, dead or alive, master ihas gone onitby thiat door." WVithlout laoss of timeir, by means of. thle suporintinten t's key, they mado thiir way out upon thle landing-stago. They looked eagerly across the dark river. The tide was lappitig mionotonously asgainst the sides of the wlarf; ch:titns were rattling,' boats antd barges moored along side creaked and strainted at thir ropea. Presently Docket. who irent -flashing abbut with hIis latitern, criedout: - "i Ther's a boat gone I" ,r: "Ah.I s the tide ebbing ?" -. S"Ay,'sir, ebbing faist." Overbeck reflected a mmoment; thn hlb said : - "Give me the lantern." Docket obeyed. '.I "Noi," added Overbeck, .'tunfasten a boat, attd' let us row downi tl stream. We ar' on the track, I hope, at last." The foreman quickly set to work. There was a boat suited to their purpose lying outside abarge; it was soon loosenied asid ready to start. " I'll take the aculls," said Overbeck, as hle stepped into his place. TYou shall steer. You know this part of the river better than I do. Are you ready?" "Right withl the tide, MIr. Overbeck 1" " Yes, by all means; with the tide." And so, withl Ducket grasping the rud der and Overbeck the sculls, the boat moved out into tnid-stream. On they went with the ebbing tide, uinder the black shaldows of hugeo ships and towercing warehouses until Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of gliding light in the dark nets. 1Bertlla Lintock, although mado aware iti .a .ness ige fr,.,? her father that lie slhuld not return until Inte, began- to gr;,v anfxious towards midnight. Slhe paced up snrd down her room, and con staitly listened for the sound of wheels i the carriage-drive ; the unpleasant afftir, of which-Percy Overbeek had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Percy, site could not conquer her strong prcsenti ment of danger; for, -ihen a child, i.Wythred's wharf had made a deep im pression upon Bertha. ' While walking at her father's side through the great sombre s-tore-rooms,. they had reached some pans sang- wall d with bhl s of merchaudiso so dark and narrow that she shrunk back with sudlden fright, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had never entered it since. Presently, Bertha heard a hurried step outside the house. She ran to the win dow and threw it open. Overbeck stood below. . S,'Percy, has anything happened I" she asked. " Whore is my fattier?" " He is here, Bertha-at the'gate. You have no need to be alarmed." ~,Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeck met her at the dooer, tiud they wont into the dining-room to -ether.. " Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy," Percy hastens to tell her. " He believes that while seated in his offllice this evening,Clogstonn threatened him. Panic-stricken, lie es caped from this plha',tom, or reality, d;,wn his private staircase leading to the wharf. Here, groping his way to the barges, he dropped into a boat, and, set ing it adrift, went out with the tide. Ducket a;nd I-to cut a long story short overtook the boat, and--' At this momenl t MAr. Lintock slowly en tered the room, leaning on Docket's arm. His clothes were wet and bespattered with nmud. Seeing his dauglter, the step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. Bertha ran to his side and bent over him. , Are you hurt, father?" "No, mny dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket," said he, looking tip gratefully into their faces, "have saved my life." The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored himt to health. Claostotun's face never haunted Mir. Lintock again ; for on the day after this occurrence, the man was found at the warehouse among some bags of sea damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last; and as a small phial was discovered at his side contaiiung traces of a narcotic, it was conjectured that lie had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring Iris wretched existence to anit end. For some time Mr. Lintock avoided thoe subject of his flight from the olliceand from the face. It appeared, however, that at the moment when Clogatoun forced his way into the room, the wharf. owner retreated through the private door. This door he locked behind him, in order to cut off pursuit ; and thus separated from the Thamoes-street exit by Clogstotit's iresence, Mr. Lintack mnade his escape by water. In after days, when Bertha had become Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that ihe had found a means of getting into the wharehouse. For this reason he had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strange turn as they had done. As manhood ad awomanhood open up, discrimination is recescary between what ought to be remenihrred and what it were better to forget. One good general rule whiob holds through life is to forget as speedily as possible the evil which we see around us and even within us; for evil, like aplant, thrives in the light and withere in the darkness. B:cught into open view, talketd about, thought about, and stored in remembrance, its tendency is to reprodueo itself. CosirstatesrT, which we think- are de served, we accept only as debte, with in. dffeteece; but those whose conrcience informs us we do not merit, we receive with the same gratitude that we do favors given away. 