THE STORYTELLER. An Adventure with a Ghost. When I was a lad of seventeen, I was office boy for Pinkerton's Philadelphia agency, and was just wild, of course, to be sent out on a case. Every time the cap- tain got a new job I would slide up to him and say: "Cap'n, you'd better let me go out on that," and he would answer with a quizzical grin, "Not this time, Harry. Wait till the next case." Along in December of that year there was a great rush of business at our office. We had fifteen detectives, all old experi- enced hands, and they were on the jump night and day. We could not handle the business that was coming in, and the cap- tain calling out in fun from his private office, "I guess we'll have to let you take the next case, Harry." Hardly had he said the words when the door opened and a raw old countryman entered. He proved to be Joe Baylis, a Montgomery county justice of the peace, and he wanted the captain to send a man down with him to attend to a ghost who was cutting didos at Fort Washington. The captain told him he would send a man as soon as he had one at his disposal. The old fellow left and I jumped to my feet. "Captain," I said, "send me on the case." The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at me hard. "See here, Harry," he said, "suppose I were to send you, what would you do?" I outlined a very elaborate campaign against the ghost. He let me finish and then said: "You'd make a confounded ass of yourself, now, wouldn't you? You'd make us the laughing stock of the town. Now listen. In the first place, always bear in mind there is no such thing as a ghost. If I send you to Fort Washington, go there with that idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost. If you see the ghost and get near enough, jump for it. It will turn out to he a human being—no doubt of that. Now, I'll let you go and try your hand. If you see the ghost and think you can't handle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is." The captain gave me money and away I went. I felt pretty brave, for it was broad daylight then, but there were times when I wished myself well out of the thing. I got to Fort Washington about three o'clock and inquired the way to the haunted house from the station agent. I found it on a hill about half a mile from the town, and looked it over with interest and apprehen- sion. It was an old white frame mansion standing in Park-like grounds with plenty of outhouses about it. Some countrymen whom I met, told me that the ghost was in the habit of standing on top of the broad stone wall that skirted the roadway. There was an outhouse so situated that any one concealed in it could overlook the whole stretch of wall from end to end, and I made up my mind that this was the place for me to get into before the ghost made its appearance. Then I went back to the hotel, took my supper and chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. I learned that it first appeared about three weeks before my arrival. A man named McTanish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to en- counter it. He was coming to the town one night from the grist- mill with a sack of meal on his back, and paused for a moment in front of the old house to set the bag down on a stump and rest his shoulder. He heard a voice behind him, and turning round saw standing on the wall a figure he afterwards said was fifteen feet high at least. He did not stop to observe the figure very carefully, though, but ran as hard as knew how down the road. Next night a party of men saw the ghost and they also ran. They said the ghost made after them breathing fire and brimstone and acting in a peculiarly weird and unholy manner. After that the house was avoided at night, but several strong parties of men, including the select men of the town, saw the ghost from a respectful distance. It approached them in each case, and in each case they took to their heels. About dusk I stole down to the deserted house, and it was dark when I got there. I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the door when I knew that there was some other person in that outhouse. I felt sure there was somebody close to my elbow. I was trembling like a leaf, but I managed to pull a match from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big white muffled figure not two feet away. Then the match went out. Was I scared ? Well, now, I should say so. There are some people who laugh at the idea of a man's hair standing on end. They say it is a physical impossibility, but I know better. I could feel my hair rise right up and lift my hat, and my flesh crept. But I had to jump. I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened I seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed something and held on. When the first shock passed I felt the ghost tugging and pulling to get away from me. It seemed as badly frigh- tened as I was, and its hands were soft and warm. " Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I was choking, but I pulled my captive out on the lawn and looked at it in the moon- light. The sheet that had been muffled about the figure, fell to the ground—a pretty girl of 15 was disclosed. I was in a cold perspiration and shaking as if recovering from a shock of electricity, but when, I saw that I had caught a real genuine flesh and blood girl, and no ghost, I began to feel, better and presently was able to talk. "Who are you ?" he asked. " Jennie Baylis." " What ! the daughter of Joe Baylis?" " Yes, sir." "What are you doing this for ?" The girl began to cry. She said she had not meant any harm. She and her sister had played ghost just to have some fun. Her sister was usually with her, but did not come this night, as she was too busy. She had heard from her father that a detective was coming to catch the ghost, but thought he was not due for a day or two, and resolved to make one last appearance and then give up the perfor- mance till things calmed down. " Who are you ?" she asked. "I'm the detective," I said. She looked me over in evident awe and consternation, tinged with some surprise on account of my age. "What are you going to do with me ?" " I shall have to expose you!" The girl cried again and begged to be released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit me at all. I said she was my prisoner and as such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and after a good deal of waiting, she suggested that I had better give her up to her own father. I agreed to that, and picking up the sheet, I held her arm and took her with me to her father's house, about a mile distant. "Don't you know you might have been killed by some of those people you fright- ened ?" I asked. "No, sir, I never thought of that. Everybody who saw me ran away." When we got to the farm-house where Jennie lived it was half-past nine o'clock. Everybody was in bed and the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window opened and a man's voice said: "Who's there?" "Me." "Who's me?' " The detective." "You're rather late. Why did you not wait till to-morrow ? Better come round and see me in the morning" "I want to see you now. I have the ghost" At this the window was closed with a bang, and I heard hurried steps on the stair. The door opened and old Baylis stood in the doorway. He was draped in a very long old-fashioned white gown and wore a tall steeple-shaped night-cap, one hand help up a tin candlestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweep- ing under his chin from ear to ear made him look very comical. He looked at me in astonishment and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought he was going into convulsions. "You, Jennie ?" he asked at length. "Yes, father," said Jennie very humbly. Old Baylis sighed and said "Come in." He sent for the neighbours immediately. I don't know what was said at their meet- ing, for I was not admitted to it, but old Baylis gave me a letter to the captain and packed me off on the midnight train. Next morning I reached the office early and found all the men present, waiting for the captain to detail them. The men grinned at me and passed the time of day plea- santly enough. They all knew where I had been and anticipated a wonderful tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at although I was a favourite with them, having done many a piece of extra work for every man there. "I thought I sent you to Fort Washing- ton, Harry? said the captain. "Yes, sir." "Made an ass of yourself, I suppose ?" "There's a letter, sir." While the captain read the letter the men guyed me. " This is a very nice letter, Harry," said the captain. "Boys, the youngster cap- tured the ghost." "Did he ?" said the men. "Yes, sir, he did. The boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter of the selectmen out loud. At every sentence I grew a foot. " Well, how did you do it ?" several inquired. I told the story, and you may be sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. My tale was very highly coloured. When it was con- cluded, Long Jim Langdon drawled out: " Harry, tell the honest truth. Was you frightened when that match went out ?" "No, of course not!" said I. But I was frightened two years later, when I asked the ghost to marry me, and I thought she was going to say no. How ever, she didn't.—" Texas Siftings." 