AFTER TWENTY YEARS. \--0-- It was a wild April night. Stormy March. after holding high carnival through the whole of his tempestuous career, had surrendered his sceptre with one list despairing howl, and April had entered upon the scene, bathed in tears, without a smile of greeting for the dear old earth she had left a year ago. The streets of the village were nearly deserted, _-M M - -=t- .-m. J-.s alone in the ofce oft XMTOR and TI ?On a , came in with a note. It was directed R. Marston, Esq. 'Does that mean me, or Uncle Roger ?' said the young man to himself. ' I will open it, anyway; it is probably on business.' The note was not very business like in its ap pearance ; neither was the thick creamy note paper, on which these words were written ' Miss Barton wishes to see Mr Maraton im mediately, on busines of importance.' Rodney looked at the note thoughtfully. The senior member of the firm had gone to the city that, morning, and would return by the late train. It was necessary that somebody should attend to this affair, and Rodney, with all the ardour of a young barrister, resolved to answer the eummons. The firm of Marston and Manton was a youth ful one. It was only a few weeks before that the well-known sign,' 'Roger Marnton, Attorney-at-law, had been replaced by a smart new one, indicating the recent partnership of uncle and nephew. Rodney Marston wa a stranger in the village. 'Ned,' said he,' where does Miss Barton live ?' 'A little out of the village in a two-story white house, on the road that gems by the Baptist church,' replied the boy. ' O, yes, 1 know,' said young Marston, hastily. ' Well, Pm obliged to go up there, and if any body comes-they're) not likely to on such a night as this-tell them to wait.' ' All right, sir,' said the boy. ' It's a rough night,' muttered the young man, as, after donning rubber boots and overcoat, and arming himself with a huge umbrella, he stepped out into the wind and rain ; ' but professional men muat brave all kinds of weather.' The con sciousness that he belonged to that ill- used fraternity gave him an exalted sense of misery un attainable by common mortals. Halfan hour after, a dripping, forlorn-looking figure presented itself at the door of the two-story house, and rang the bell vigorously. No answer, and another peal followed. Presently the door was opened cautiously a few inches, and one eye, belonging to half a human face, peeped timidly out. ' Is Miss Barton in !' inquired Rodney. 'Ye-yes, sir,' replied a quaking voice,' but she can't see anybody to-night.' 'I think she will see me, however,' saidMarrton, gainingconfidence as he scented a possible mystery. 'Please inform her that Mr Marston, her attorney, awaits her pleasure.' ' What does this mean, Martha P' said a fresh, pleasant voice from within. ' Let the gentleman in, whoever he is.' Martha obeyed, and cowered back in the shadow of the hall as if she epecte nothing short Atiist eaeinaft ver ; relRB 1 to ber however, for, standinA tue falln igh the hall lamp, was a dainty, girlish figure, with the sweetest, merriest face he had ever seen. 'You must excuse our girl ;she's a perfect coward. Pray come in, sir,' said the young lady. 'Thank you; as soon as I have made myself presentable,' he replied, removing his dripping outer garments. Then he was ushered into a cosy sitting-room, where a bright open fire seemed to offer a laughing challenge to the April storm. ' My name is Marston,' he began, bowing. ' Pardon me, but do I not address Miss Barton ? halfquestioningly. 'I am Miss Barton,' replied the girl with an assumption of dignity. Now Rodney had hastily formed the idea, while wading through the mud to her house, that Miss Barton was an elderly spinster. The bright vision, with the laughing brown eyes, somewhat con founded him. a T sm Miss Barton,' she said again, after a mo ment. 'But the one you probably wish to see is my aunt, Miss Cornelia Barton. I am sorry she is not at home.' ' Not at home!' he repeated a little stupidly. 'I received an urgent summons .to come up and see her.' ' What kind of a summons ? ' This note was handed to me, not an hour ago,' he explained, giving it to her. ' I think it was intended for my uncle, but he is absent, and I took the liberty-----' He stopped, for the brown eyes were dancing with mirth. 'Mr Marston' said she, 'did you happen to look at the calendar before you started !' Hestruck his forthead with a gesture of recol. lection. ' April first! How stupid in me to forget it, when they have been playing their stale jokes all day, on the street and in my office.' '1 beg a thousand pardons for disturbing you,' he added, atill standing, yet unwilling to go. ' Please be seated a few;minutes,' said the young lady, politely. ' It cannot rain like this very long. If you are Mr Rodnev Marston, I feel almost ac quainted with you,' she continued. ' 1 have oftem heard my brother Will speak of you.' ' Will Barton 7 My cham at college ?I never dreamed that he had relatives here. Then you must be his pet sister he used to talk about so much,' said Rodney, delighted. ' Yes, I am Grace,' she replied, with charmin difidence. Rodney began to think that an Apr joke might have ita advantages, even to its victim. SItis fortunate that your uncle did not get that note,' aid Grace presently, with a laugh; though I am wicked enough to wish that he had.' ' Please let me enjoy the joke, too,' pleaded the young man. SIs it possible that you don't know?! You must know why your uncle is a bachelor. No. Then perhaps I ought not to tell you,' she added, with a pretty hesitation. ' Oh, but you must, now.' SWell, you will surely hear of it in some other way, if I don't, Your muncle Roger would bare marriedmyant Cornelia years ago, it it hadn't Sbeen for alittle misunderstanding.' ' Please tell me all about it,' said Rodney, 'now deeply interested. SOh,I don't know--it was all mixed up, any way ; the village gosips were to blame for med dling and circulating false reports. But, after everything was cleared up they were both so obstinate that neither would give in ' ' I know my unele is very stubborn,' the young man laugh ' Hewill never yield a point if he knows he is wrong. ' And auntie is one of the sweetest women in the world, but she will have her own way in spite of everybody. I have seen women storm like a Fury, and shed floods of tears, only to end by surren dering everything. Auntie is smiling and serene, never losing her temper, but when I see her mouth close in a certain way, I know that one might as well try to move a mountain.' ' Well,' said young Marston, ' I think I will tell my uncle, when he returns from the city, that Miss Barton wishes to see him.' ' Then he has gone to the city, too. \When? Pf quired Grace, eagerly. This morning, by the first train. He reeeived an urgentbusiness dispatch.' ' And auntie had a telegram, too,' said the girl, her bright face glowing with delight. ' ow they will meet on the train.' 'But they must ha-e met, hundreds of time., living in the same village.' ' Yes, but mamma says they have scarcely ex changed a dozen words, to any one's knowledge, since the quarrel. They pass each other with the most ceremonious bows. No one ever dares men tion either of them to the other.' z Heger Marsto nentered the fi hat'- '·' mjyr would hiave suspected cte had ever experienced what our French neigh-lnurs i . .call '.an affair of the heart.' Handsome, stalwart, his dark hair only slightly tinged with gray, h: bore the weight of his forty-five years lightly.;; scarcely perceptible change came over his impa sire features as he observed the one lady in the carriage. A slight compression of the lips, that was all; the expression was familiar to the court-room. Two or three business men, greeting him courteou-ly, tried to engage him in conversation, but they found the layer unusually crusty. ' Guess he's got a tough case on his hands this time,' said one. The lady, a graceful, well-bred woman, turned hastily and looked through the window after the first glance. Marston seemed to be buried in his newspaper. Suddenly he arose, turned the seat, and sat down again, thus facing the others in the carriage. Then he deliberately stared at the lady opposite, until the attraction of his steady gaze obliged her to return it. She slightly inclined her head in acknowledgment of his bow, while a flush stole over her pale face. ' I made her look at me, anyway,' h6 muttered with grim satisfaction, as he resumed his reading. 'Hasn't forgotten how to blush, if she is forty.' No other incident enlivened the journey, and. the: two dlid not meet until evening, when they again occupied the same carriage: The train was delayed at several points, and it was an hour late, finally, when it steamed into the village of A- . Only the lawyer and Miss Barton alighted. The station seemed almost deserted, and no carriages of any sort were to be seen. The rain was pouring in tor rents. ' Where's the hack and the mail-cart !'asked th lawyer of the station-agent. ' Neither of them came.' was the reply. ' The mail-carrier came on foot. The roads are just fear ful, Mr Marston. This rain has caused a perfect deluge.' Mios Cornelia Barton had gone into the ladies' room. pioned up her skirts and put on her gos samer, and was leaving the platform when Roger Maiston overtook her. ' You are not going home to-night !' said he, in a tone of angry surprise. ' Most certainly,' was the calm reply, and he could see, though it was very dark, how firmly the sweet month was closed. ' Wait, then, until I can get ti lantern,' said he, impatiently going back; but the lady paid no. attention. She was picking her away along with as much lady-like composure as it is possible to, assume with the pavements ankle deep in water, when the lawyer again overtook her. ' Why didn't you wait 2' he asked amppiehlry You can't find your way without a light.' 'I was doing very well, thank you,' she replied' in a tone of icy politeness. 'The sidewalk is quite ' Well, you had no umbrella :you would have been dripping wet before you reached home.' ' Very likely, but I didn't wish to incommode you.' ' Oh, bother ! Come, don't walk away from my umbrella. You'll be obliged to take my arm, 1 guess.' ," ' I think not,' calmly. ' My dress requires my whole attention.' She had pinned it up securely beforestarting, but these white lies are premitted to the sex. They walked for some distance in silence. Marston at length burst forth-' If I knew what idiot sent me on a fool's errand to the city to-day I'd have the wretch transported.' ' Were you the victim of a practical joke also ?' asked Miss Cornelia. ' I was frightened by a te'egram that summoned me to the bedside of my sister. I went, and found her and the fami'y. perfectly well.' ' Humph ! I begin to see the point,' said the lawyer. ' Why didn't you stay and make a visitk instead of coming back in this tempesat t' ' My brother's daughter is visiting me; I wanted. to get back to her as soon as possible.' Another long silence. The station being at one extremity of the village, and Miss Barton's house at the other, the two were compelled to endure each other's society for a long distance. At length, as they neared her house, a sudden gust of wind extinguished the light of the lantern. There was nothing to guide them except the light shining from the sitting-room windows. Suddenly Miss Barton gave a little scream. ' Oh, I've lost my rubber i' 'Impossible to find it now; Ishall have to carry you,' said Marston. SNo you won't,' she exclaimed. 'Indeed I will then,' said be, with determination in his tones, as he lifted her in hi' arms. Greek met Greek in the contest of wills, but his physical strength overpowered hers, and she was obliged to submit. They reached her door drip ping, breathless. £ Won't you come in ?' she gasped. ' Wait till I get my breath.' he panted. 'I come in on one condition-that you marry me with in two weeks.' SOh, that's too soon !' raid she all in a flutter. ' Well, I've waited twenty years-it seems as if that might be long euough.' ' But what will people say ?' ' Neely,' said he, calUing h'r hy the old familiar name, * Mrs Grundy separated us twenty years ago. Don't let her ghost come b'etween us and happiness now. We were a couple of fools. I being the greattest idiot, for a men is expected to exercise a little Idoreo common sense.' ' But I never can get ready in two weeks.' ' Criminals are sometimes grant.d a reprieve, even after scntence is pronounced. s?id the lawyer, dryly, * We!l, shall 1 come in ? Rernember. if you repeat your invitation, you accept the condition.' She hesitated a mornunt. ' You had better come in--cut of the rain,' she said at last, reluctantly. When they entered they found the sitting-room occupied by two young people, who acted as if they had known each oth-r all their lives. 'You young scamp, how came you here?' ex claimed Roger Marcstcn. ' I was the victim ,,fan April joke, uncle,' replied Rodney a' he handed him the note. ' fluntph !' said the elder, glancing at the bright eyes and rosy cheeks of Cornelia's niece. ' Hope it will terminat as luckily as mine. It wnuld appear that Rodn-y was entirely s.atisfiedi, for Eix month. later he whispe a to Mliss Grcee ' Theidea of inve-tirg the presiding genius of April fir-t w;th a cap and bells ! \Vhy, the dear old fellow deserves to be canotnidt e as . int." She said it was a very bIright idea. lie said he knew a brightrr .ne : andl when .-he a: ked him what it was, he answred :-' Your eve, lear.' Th-re was silence for a moment : then she laid hlr head upon the rimof hi- ear aund wpt. Prints fomu engraved copp-r plates ftr-t made their aplear- ace about 1450, and were first pro duced in Ger.nany. After all, why not let the stage ele'-te itself? Who is to condemn it if it uses its wigs aind flies! 