MERCURY JUNIOR THE MXY'S STRAIN. Little Nils bad au idea that he wanted to be something great in the world, but he did not quite know how to set about it. He had always been told that, having been bora on a Sunday, he was a luck-child, and that good fortune would attend him on that account ia whatever he undertook. He had never, BO far, noticed anything peculiar about himself, though, to be sure, his small enter- prises did not usually come to grief. His tiny stamping-mill, which he and his friend Therstein bad worked at so faithfully, was now making a merry noiBe over in the brook in the Westmo Glen, so that you could hear it a hundred yards away, and his snares were seldom empty. The reason of this. Nil's mother told hira, ac- cording to the superstition of her people, was that the Nixy and the Hulder and the gnomes favoured him because he was a Sunday child. What was more, she assured him, he wquld see them some day, and then, if he conducted himself cleverly, so as to win their favour, he would, by their aid, rise high in the world and make his fortune. Now this was esactly what Nils wanted, and therefore he was not » little anxious to catch a glimpse of the mysterious creatures who had so whimsical a reason for taking an interest in him. Many and many a time he sat at the waterfall JILUUJ RUtt luuuy a ulliiu lio oat, au um, naucLfcou where the Nixy was said to play the harp every mid-summer night, but although he sometimes imagined that he heard a vague melody trembling through the rush and roar of the water, and saw glimpses of white limbs flashing through, the current, yet never did he get a good look at the Nixy. Though he roamed through the woods early and late, setting snares for bird and hare, and was eye» on the alert for a sight of the Hulder's golden hair and scarlet bodice, the tricksy sprite peraisted in eluding him. He thought sometimes that he heard a faint, girlish giggle, full of teasing provocation and sup- pressed glee, among the underbrush, and once he imagined th&t; he saw a gleam of scarlet and gold vanish in a dense alder copse. But very little good did that do him, when he eould not fix the vision, talk with it face to face, and extort the fulfilment of the three regulation wishes. "lam probably not good enough," thought Nils. " I know I am a selfish fellow, and cruel, too, some- times, to birds and beasts. I suppose she wonT; have anything to do with me, as long as she isn't satisfied with my behaviour." Then he tried hard to be kind and considerate ; smiled at his little sister when she pulled MB hair, patted Sultan, the dog, instead of kicking him, when ko was ia his way, and never complained or sulked when he was sent on errands late at night or in bad weather. But, strange to say, though the Nixy'a mysterious melody still soundad vaguely through the water's roar, and the Hulder Beemed to titter behind the tree- trunks and vanish in theunderbrush, a real, un mistakeable view was never vouchsafed to Nils, and the three wishes which were to make his fortune he had no chance of propounding. He had fully made up his mind what his wishes were to be, for he was determined not to be taken by surprise. He knew well the fate of those foolish persons in the fairy tales who offended their bene- volent protectorB by bouncing against them head- foremost, as it were, with a greedy cry for wealth. Hils was not going to be caught that way. He would ask first for wisdom,-that was what all right-minded heroes did,-then for a good name, and lastly,-and here was the rub,-lastly he was inclined to auk for a five-bladed knife, like the one I the parson's Thorwald had got for a Christmas present. But he had considerable misgiving about the expediency of this lost wish. If he had a fair renown and wisdom might he not be able to get along without a five-bladed pocket-knife ? But no ; there was no help for it. Without that five-bladed pocket-knife neither wisdom nor fame would satisfy him. It would be the drop of gall in his cup of joy After many days' pondering, it occurred to him, as a way out of the difficulty, that it would, per- haps, not offend the Hulder if ho asked, not for wealth, but for a moderate prosperity. If he were bles*ed with a moderate prosperity, he could, of course, buy a five-bladed pocket-knife with cork- screw and all other appurtenances, and still have something left over. He had a dreadful struggle with this question, tnr Vin waa well aware that the proper thinss to ' wish were long life and happiness for his father I and mother, or something in that line. But, though ? he wished his father and mother well, he could not 1 make up his mind to forego hiB own precious chances on their account. Moreover, he consoled himself with the reflection that if he attained the "goal of his own desires he could easily bestow upon them, of his bounty, a reasonable prospect of long life and happiness. YuU see Nils waa by no means so good yet as he ought to be. He was clever enough to perceive that he had small ohance of seeing the Hulder, as long as his heart was full of selfishness and envy and greed. For, strive as he might, he could not help feeling envious of the parson's Thorwald, with his elaborate combination pocket-knife and his silver watch- chain, which he unfeelingly flaunted in the face of an admiring community. It was small consolation for Nile to know that there was no watch but only a key attaohed to it ; for a silver watch-chain, even without a watch, was a sufficiently splendid posses- sion to justify a boy in lording it over his less fortunate comrades. Nil's father, who was a poor charcoal-burner, could never afford to make his son such a present, even if he worked until he was as black as a chimney- sweep. For what little money he earned was needed at once for food and clothes for the family; and there were times when they were obliged to mix ground birch-bark with their flour in order to make it last longer. It was easy enough for a rich man's son to be good, Nils thought. It waa small credit to him if he was not envious, having never known want and never gone to bed on birch-bark porridge. But for a poor boy not to covet all the nice things which would make life so pleasant if he had them, seemed next to impossible. Still Nils kept on making good resolutions and breaking them, and then piecing them together again and breaking them anew. If it had not been for his desire to see the Hulder and the Nixy, and making them promise the fulfil- ment of the three wishes, he would have given up the straggle, and resigned himself to being a bad boy because he was born so. But those teasing glimpses of the Haider's soarlet bodice and golden hair, and the vague snatches of wondrous melody that rose from the cataract in the silent summer nights, filled his soul with an intense desire to see the whole Hulder, withherradiant smile and melan- choly eyes, and to hear the whole melody plainly enough to be written down on paper and learned by j heart, - r ' It was with this longing to repeat the f<iw haunting notes that hummed in his brain that Nils went to the schoolmaster one day and asked him for the loan of his fiddle. But the schoolmaster, hearing that Nils could not play, thought his request a foolish one and refused. Nevertheless, that visit became an important event, a tairning-point in the boy's life. For he was led to confide in the schoolmaster, who was a kindly «Id matt, and fond of clever boys, and became interested in Nils. Though he regarded Nil's desire to record the Nixy's strain us absurd, he offered to teach him to play. There was good stuff in the lad, he thought, and when he had outgrown his fantastic nonsense, he might, very likely, mate a good fiddler.. Thus it carno to pass that the charcoal-burner's son learned to play the violin. He had not had half a dokèn lessons before he set about imitating the Nixy's notes he had heard in the waterfall. " It was this way," ha Baid to the schoolmaster, pressing his ear against the violin, while he ran the bow lightly over the strings ; " or rather it was this way," making another iaeffectual effort. "No, no, that -wasn't it, either. It's no use, school , master 5 I shall never be able to doit!" he cried, flinging the violin on the table and rushing out of Hue door. "When ho returned the next day he was heartily ashamed of his impatience. To try to catch the Nixy's notes after half a dozen lessons was, of course, an absurdity. The master told him simply to banish such folly from his braia, to apply himself diligently to his scald», and not to bother himself about the Nixy. That seemed to be sound advice and Nils accepted it with contrition. He determined never to repeat his silly experiment. But when the next mid- summer night carne, a wild yearning possessed him, and ho stole out noiselessly into the forest, and eat down on a stone by the river, listening intently. For a long while he heard nothing but the monotonous boom of the water plunging into the deep. But, strangely enough, there was a vague, ; huihed rhythm in this thundering roar ; and after a while he seemed to hear a faint strain, ravishingly sweet, whick vibrated on the air for an instant and vanished. It seemed to steal upon his oars unawares, and the moment he listened, with a determination to catch it, it was gone. But sweet it was-inex- pressibly sweet. Let the rarster talk as much as he liked, catch it he would, and catch it he must. But he must acquire greater skill before he would be able to render something so delicate and elusive. _ \ ? Accordingly Nils applied himself with all his J miali« and main to his music, in the intervals between ilia wjork. He wa» big enough now to accompany his father to the woods, and help him to pile turf and earth on the heap of logs that were to be burned to cba¡r coal. He did not see the Hulder face to face, though he wu constantly on the watch for her ; but onse oc tvrioe he thought he saw a swift flash of scarlet and gold in the underbrush, and again and again he'thouglit he beard her sott, teasing laughter in tbe alder copses. That, too, he imagined he might express in music ; and the next time he got hold of feaa selioeímtuter's fiddle he quavered away on iho foMrth. string, but produced nothing that had tho ieiao6est resemblance to melody, much less to that sweet laughter. He grew so discouraged that he could have wept. He had a wild impulse to break the fiddle, -rod never touch another as long as he lived. But he knaw he cernid not live up to auy such resolution. Tho fiWla was already too de'ar to him to be renounced for a momentary whim. But it waa like an unrequited affection, which brings as much sorrow aa joy. Those wika a» mush that Nils burned to express ; »nfc th« l&dlo; refused to obey him, and screeched wmetBing utterly discordant, as it seemed from sjaeer pervei»i»>y. It ooaarred to Nils again, that unless the Nixy took ptfy- am iisu and taught him that marvellous, elusiva atftata, he would never catch it. "Would he th»» evor »» goad enough to win the favour of the NixyP For ia tho fairy tales it is always the bad people wke come O grief, while the good and merciful ernes MO aookofcow rewarded. It wau evidently because he was yet far from bei»« good eaough. that he had.such bad luck. Sunday okild though he was, there soemed to be sm*ll chun«« that .ho-would-ovarwbe.'ahlft-t»- pro- pound hia three wishes. Only 8»w, tho third wish was no longer a five blade« pooktt-knife, but a violin of so fine a ring and delicate modulation that it might render the Nixy's strain. While these desires and fancies fought in his heart, Nil» grow to be a young man ; and he still was whait he had always been-a charcoal-burner. He went to the parson for half a year to prepare for confirmation ; and by his gentleness and sweetness of disposition attracted not only the good man himself, but all with whom he came in contact. His answers were always thoughtful, aud betrayed a g«x»d mind. He was not a prig, by any means, who held aloof from sport and play; he could laugh with the merriest; run a race with the swiftest, and try a wrestling match with the strongest. There was Ho one among the candidates for con- firmation that year who was so well liked as Nils. Gentle as he was and soft-spoken, there was a manly spirit in him, and that always commands respeot among boys. He received much praise from the pastor, and no one envied him the kind words that were addressed to him ; for every one felt that they were deserved. But the thought in Nils' mind during all the ceremony in the church and in the parsonage waa this: " Now, perhaps I shall be good enough to win the Nixy's favour. Now I shall catch the wondrous strain." It did not occur to him, in his eagerness, that such a refleotion was out of place in church, nor waa it, perhaps, for the Nixy's strain was constantly associated in his mind with all that was best in him ; with his highest aspirations, and his constant strivings for goodness and nobleness in thought and deed. ^ TI- Imnnonorl nhnnt thin tim* that th« old HnhnnL , lu iiapptmuu auouii UUIB enuc butte euu um uuuuue master died, and in his will it was found that he had bequeathed his fiddle to Nils. He had very little else to leave, poor fellow ; but if he had been a Crossus ho could not have given his favourite pupil anything that would have delighted him more. - j Nils played now early and late, except when he was in the woods with his father. His fame went abroad through all the valley as the best fiddler in seven parishes round, and people often came from afar to hear him. There was a peculiar quality in his playing-something strangely appealing, that brought! the tears to one's eyes-yet so elusive that it was impossible to repeat or describe it. It was rumoured among the villagers that he had caught the Nixy's strain, and that it was that which touched the heart so deeply in his impro- visations. But Nils knew well that he had not caught the Nixy's strain j though a faint echo-a haunting undertone-of that vaguely-remembered snatch of melody, heard now and then in the water's roar, would steal at times into his music, when he was, perhaps, himself least aware of it. Invitations now came to him from far and wide to play at weddings and dancing parties and funerals. There was no feast conrplete without Nils ; and soon this strange thing was noticed that quarrels and brawls, which in those days were common enough in Norway, were rare wherever Nils played. It seemed as if his calm and gentle presence called forth all that was good in the feasters and banished whatever was evil. Such was his popu- larity that he earned more money by his fiddling in a week than his father had ever done by charcoal burning in a month. A half superstitious regard for him became general among the people ; first because it seemed impossible that any man could play as he did with- out the aid of some supernatural power; and secondly because his gentle demeanour and quaint, terse sayings inspired them with admiration. It was difficult to tell by ? whom the name, Wise Nils, was firet started, but it waB felt by all to be appro- priate, and it therefore clung to the modest fiddler, in spite of all his protests Before he was twenty-five years old it became the fashion to go to him and consult him in difficult situations ; and though he long shrunk from giving advice, his reluctance wore away when it became evident to him that he could actually benefit the people. » There was nothing mysterious in hi3 counsel. All he said was as clear and rational as the day- light. But the good folk were nevertheless inclined , to attribute a higher authority to him ; and would desist from vice or folly for his sake when they would not for their own sake. It was odd, indeed : this Wise Nils, the fiddler, became a great man, in the valley, .and his renown went abroad and brought him visitors, seeking his counsel, from distant parishes. Barely did one leave him dis* appointed, or at least without being benefited by his sympathetic advice. One summer, during the tourist season, a famous: foreign musician came to Norway, accompanied by a rich American gentleman. While in his neigh.« bourhood they heard the story of the rustic fiddler, and became naturally very curious to see him. They accordingly went to his cottage, expecting to have some sport with him, for they oxpected to find a vain and ignorant charlatan, inflated by the flattery of his more ignorant neighbours. But Nila received them with a simple dignity which quite disarmed them. They had come to mock; they stayed to admire. This peasant's artless speech, made np of ancient proverbs and shrewd common sense and instinct with a certain sunny bonefieencoj. impressed them wonderfully. And when, at their request, he played some of his improvisations, the renowned musician ox« claimed that here was, indeed, a great artist lost to the world. In spite of the poor violiu, there was a marvellously touching quality in the music ; some- thing new and alluring which had never been heard before. But Nils himself was not aware of it. Occasion- ally, while he played, the Nixy's haunting strain would flit through hiB brain or hover about it, whoro he could feel it, as it were, but yet be unable to catch it. This was his regret-his constant chase for those elusive notes that refused to be captured. But be consoled himself many a time with the reflection that it was the fiddle's fault, not his own. With a finer instrument, capable of rendering moro delicate shades of sound, he might yet surprise tho Nixy's strain, and record it unmistakably in black and white. . Tho foreign musician and his American friend departed, but returned at the end of two weeks. They then offered to accompany Nils on a concert tour through all the capitals of Europe and the« large cities of America, and to ensure him a sum of money which fairly made him dizzy. Nils begged for time to consider, and the next day surprised them by declining the startling offer. He was a peasant, he said, and must remain » peasant. He belonged here in his native valley, where he could do good, and was happy in the belief in his usefulness. Out in the great world, of which ho knew nothing, he might indeed gather wealth, but he might losa his peace of mind, which was more precious than; wealth. He was content with a moderate pros- perity, and that he had already attained. He had enough, and more than enough, to satisfy his modest wants, and to provide those who were dear to him with reasonable comfort in their present condition of life. The strangers were amazed at a man's, thus calmly refusing a fortune that was within his easy ~.n"~ *».+ <-l,o~ A1A ns.4- A~"U J-1,«*- WM- .~il.i- 1-5 grasp, ror cney aia not; doubt that JNUs, with his entirely unconventional manner of playing, and yet with that extraordinary moving quality in his play, would become the rage both in Europe and Amorica, as a kind of heaven-bom, untutored genius, and fill both his own poekets and theirs with shekels. They made repeated efforts to persuade him, but it was all in vain. With smiling serenity he told them he had uttered his final decision. Then they took leave of him, and a month after their depart- ure there arrived from Germany a box addressed to Nils. He opened it with some trepidation, and it was<found to contain a Cremona violin-a genuine Stradivarius. The moment Nils touched tho strings with the bow, a thrill of rapture went through him, the like of which he had never experienced. The divine sweetness and purity of the tone that vibrated through those magic chambers resounded through. all his being, and made him feel happy and exalted. It occurred to him, while he was coaxing the intoxicating music from his instrument, that to- night would be midsummer night. Now was his chance to catch the Nixy strain, for this exquisito violin would be capable of rendering the very chant of the aschangels themselves in the morning of time. To-night ho would surprise the Nixy, and the divine strain should no more drift like a melodious -mise tb^Mgh-kifl-hra.iii-:---&iri;_»-kJ*U<3«»*»»I**©I-n%M»~ the Nixy always plays the loudest, and then, i£ ever, is the time to learn what he in his ignorance felt must be the highest Beeret of the musical art. Hugging his Stradivarius close to his breast, to protect it from the damp night air, Nils hurried through the birch woods down to the river. The moon was sailing calmly through a fleecy film of cloud, and a light mist hovered over the tops of the forest. A vague afterglow of the sunset still lingered in the air, though the sun had long been hidden, but the shadows of the trees were gaunt and dark, a3 in the light of the moon. The sound of the cataract stole with a whispering rush through the underbrush, for the water was low at midsummer, and a good deal of it was diverted to the mill, which was working busily away, with its big water-wheel going round and round. Nils paused close to the mill, and peered intently into the rushing current ; but nothing appeared. Then he stole down J,o the river-bank, where ho seated himself on a big stone scarcely out of reaoh of the spray, which blew in gusts from the cataract. He sat for a long while motionless, gazing with, rapt intentness at the struggling, foaming rapids^ but he saw or heard nothing. Then all of a sudden it seemed to him that the air began to vibrate faintly with a vague, captivat- ing rhythm. Nils could hear his heart beat in his throat. With trembling eagerness, he unwrapped the violin and raised it to his chin. Now, surely, there was a note. It belonged oil the a string. No, not there. On the c string, perhaps. But no, not there, either. Look ! What is that ? A flash, surely, through the water of a beautiful naked arm. And there-no, not there-but somewhere from cut of the ereutle rush of the midd!« r-iirronf; flior» uw « "us gönnte >«9u ui une luiuuiu burreub wiere* seemed to come to him a marvellous mist of drifting sound-ineffably, rapturously sweet ! With a light movement, Nils runs his bow over the Btrings, but not a ghost, not a semblance, can he reproduce of the swift, scurrying flight of that wondrous melody Again and again he listens breathlessly, and again and again despair over- " !. whelms him. Should he, then, never see the Nixy, and ask her the fulfilment of his three wishes ? Curiously enough, those three wishes which once were so great a part of his life had now almost escaped him. It was the Nixy's strain he had been intent upon, and the wishes had lapsed into oblivion. And what were they, really, those three wishes, for the sake of which ho desired to confront the Nixy ? Well, the first-the first was-what was it, now P Yes, now at leagth he remembered. The first was wisdom. Well, the peoplp called him Wise Nils now, so, perhaps that wieh was superfluous. Very likely he had as much wisdom as was good for him. At all events, he had rofused to acquire more by going abroad to acquaint himself with the affairs of the great world. Then the second wish ; yes, he could recall that. It was fame. It was odd indeed j that, too, he had refused, and what he possessed of it, was as much, or even far more, than he desired. But when he called to mind the third and last of his boyish, wishes, a moderate prosperity or a good violin, for that was the alternative, he had to laugh outright, for both the violin and the prosperity were already hiB. . Nils lapsed into deep thought, as he sat there in the summer night, with the crowns of the treeB above hjin and the brawling rapids swirling about him. Had not the Nixy bestowed upon him her bosfc gift already in permitting him to hear that exquisite ghost of a melody, that shadowy, impalpable strain, which had haunted him these many years P In pursuing that he had gained the goal of his desires, till other things he had wished for had como to him unawares, as it were, and almost without his know- ing it. And now what had he to ask of the Nixy, who had blessed him so abundantly ? The last secret, the wondrous strain, forsooth, that he might imprison it in notes, and din it ia the ears of an unappreciative multitude ! Perhaps it were better, after all, to persevere forever in the quest, for what would life have left to offer him if t the Nixy strain was fiaally caught, when all were finally attained, and no divine melody haunted the brain, beyond the powers even of a Stradivarius to lure from its shadowy realm ? Nils walked home that night plunged in deep meeiitation. He vowed to himself that he would never more tey to catch the Nixy's strain. But the next day, when he seized the violin, there it was again, and, strive as he might, ho could not forbear trying to catch it. Wiae Nils is many years older now ; has a good wife and several children, and is a happy man, but to this day, resolve as he will, he has never been able to abandon the effort to catch the Nixy's strain. Sometimes he thinks be has half caught it, but when he tries to play it, it is always gone. 