CHAPTER I. . boyhood, and uow sbbt. cast away at ! SEA, x All caeiueb to thb w3st indies adinrar uy will. It was in tho fair sunlight of a May mom !g in the year of Grace 1G72, that that reat brave ship, tlio Golden Grove of Leith, pisted her broad sails, with "' many a offering pendant and streamer above hem, and stood proudly down tho Firth f Forth, designing to reach the open <gan, not far from the hill, well known a mariners by tho name of the North Berwick Ipv. On board of tlio Golden Grove, I, Canard Lindsay, then in my twenty-second peir, was, you must know, a sailor, and I jope a bold one. My father was a fisherman, idd, as I may say, liis coble was my cradle. 2£any a rough, rocking in truth it bestowed apen me, for it was his use even before I sould go alono, to carry me with him a fish- isg, wrapped up, it may bo, in a tattered sail, s£Qe my mother, with a creel upon her back, jjumcyed through the landward towns, and to the houses of tho gentry, to sell the spoil of hook and net. "We fared hard and worked hard ; for no jnore industrious folk lived in the fisher-town cf Kirk Leslie, a pleasant and goodly spot, lying not far from the Fast of Neuk of Fife, than old Davie Lindsay and Jess, his wite and my mother. Many a weary night and day have come and gone since I beheld that beach whereon I was born ; but I can yet shut mv eyas and see our cottage and our boat— called tho " Royal Thistle" — rocking at tho lee of the long rough pier of unhown whinrione, gathored from the wild mnirs around, which ran into the sea and sheltered tip little fisher harbour formed by tho burn of Balwearie, where it joins tho waters of its black pools to the salt brine. Opposite our house was a pretty green bourock, as -we called it, that is to say, a little hill, mostly of bight green turf, with bunches of bent and leng grass, which rustled with a sharp sad scfond when the east wind blew snell, and creeping cosily into the chimney neuk, we would listen to the. roaring of the 89a, But the bourock was oftentimes brown wiih nct3 or with wet sails stretched there to dry, and below it there lay, half -buried in &c; ffind, old boats, mouldering away, and maris and oars all shivered, bleaching like hi g bones in the sun and the rain. 1 remember old Davie Lindsay my father well- He was a stern, big man, with a grisly grey heard, shaved but once a month. No fisher on the coast had a. sorer hand for the tiller or a firmer gripe to haul aft the sheet of the ligsail in a fresh breezo and a gathering sea. Often when we were rising and falling on the easterly swell, bslf-s-fcorc from ... he loved to ti ll mo old- .' _ . u l ring old-wnrW ftoag1 cf the .. oalil lw iswaai utnr r'nc .-.over . - oans&t; > ho pkuayj np»- s the \- an a gnliw io poor jaar.efB ; iv ;i .» 'sree-i sha weird — -Xx: . is, \- r..'i una psupwod for V;-1;: wilb sKp and tilviw on that x: x--?. ? Tiiti- -s. to he would drop . ' -r-H— . r clo&: fo bis?, ho v— -o r-iJiof grco. sa.---.xr.frs in tho sea ; of tsr e-i-i. x .-ui-.k Yibo:- ' -! leaked up «t tho V/.-.e oi Stirling) and -rit-os.:; tail went "nine ' r; r:. ami the Bass ; of singing mermaids who come upon the yellow sands at night, sad beguile men with their false lays, till they- leave house and home, being bewitched by the glamour of elfin palaces under the "brine ; and, most terrible of all, of phantom ships with crews of ghosts, which sailors see by the pale glimmerings of the moon, when it shines through the driving send, upon a mirk midnight and a roar ing sea. But, then, if I was fright ened and cried, my father would straightway change the theme, and burst out with a strong elear voice into some loud fishing song, or, what I loved better still, into some brave, ancient ballad, about the fair kingdom of Scotland, and its gallant kings and stalwart knights : and of such, my favourite was the lay of Sir Patrick Spena, for ho was .both a knight and a sailor. Hie king sits in Dunfermline tow;-.. Drinking the blude-red wine, 0 -hare will I get a skeelj- skipper To Bah this ship of mine ? Then up and spate an elders knight, Sat at the king's right knee. Sir Ikitrick Spons is the best sailor That ever sailed the sea. Oh, I can yet hear my father's strong voice rising over the dash of the water and the moan of the wind, as he sung the brave vpyage of Sir Patrick to Norroway, to bring home the king's daughter ; but his tones would sink and grow hoarse and low, when he chanted the storm, and the perishing of all the fair company on tho voyage home. 0\. forty mile off Aberdeen Tin fifty fnthom deep. And there lies gude Sir Patrick Spons, Wi" the Scots lords at his feet. My father's long home was nlso the bottom «f thasea. One wild March day, tho coble left Kirk Leslie pier without me. I staid at home mending a dredge-net with my mother. The cirtorly har was on the coast, that is !> say, thick cold mists and a keen wind. As the sun rose high so did the tempest : wo could see nought sea ward, for the grey fog was out upon tho water, but every wave came white, over" and ovpr the pier, from end to end. My mother j went/to ar.d fro. vim, and praying to hor- : self ; as indeed did many another fisher- wife, for they had great cause. The night was awful. I sat cowering beside my mother, who was rocking herself on a settle with her apron over her head ; or now and then stolo down to the beach, to where men stood with lantern upon masts to show the harbour mouth iu the poor folks at sea. Three boats, with --rows pale and worn, made thp land before tin day ; an hour after dawn ur coble came to-.-dng to the outside belt of the.snrf — but she v. as bottom upwards. Iu a month n i'ti-x- this, my mother and I went to her father's, a very old man, and a reverend elder of :i«e kirk. He sent mc to school to Dominie Buchanan, a learned carle, who by his own ;i -count behoved to be of the ra«o of the great O.-ordie Buchanan, of whom they tell merry tales, which surely are idle and false, for he was a severe, grave man, Snd handled the tawse unmercifully, as his xpyal papil, gentle King Jamie, eonld in his fine well testify. At school I was diligent, and pleased master and friends. Afterwards, np to my sixteenth birthday, I wmt much a fishing in the boat ef Saunders wtaogglefute, my maternal uncle, when de- ®ong to see more of my country than could be descried in cur furthest voyages "between Kirk Leslie pier and tho deep-sea fisheries at bjmkofthe Isle of May, I madejinany 9®riing trips, for the space of near five years, in the stout brig Jean Livingstone, belonging . .Kmtaridy , during which time I twice "visited the Thames and the city of London ; Wralso once each year with a great cargo uk i k. Antweip, in tho Low Countries. lit still I wished to see tho world further Irom home, and to this intent preferred rather to go on board the Golden Grove of Leith as oommon sailor than to ho mate of the Jean Livingstone, a promotion which was offered Lftebn ®wan80n» eipPer and part owner The reason of my coming to think of the Golden Grove was, that the Jean Livingstone having a cargo of goods from Yarmouth to Loin burgh, lay whilo they were delivered by the great ship, then preparing at 1 e foot of Leith "Wynd for a voyage to y thence to divers porte on the JUoorishside of tho Mediterranean sea. Now ' a land which I had long wished to behold as being once the seat of that great P®bpje tho Remans, some knowledge of the P£eny and philosopliy of whom, the worthy ftocninio Buchanan had not , failed to instil W ®e, hot which I ofttimes felt with pain to be fast fading from iny iaiud. Indeed, I must toll you that it is to the exertions of that learned man that this narrative is alto gether owing, for he, seeing, as ho was pleased to say, a more congenial soil in my mind for tho seeds of his instructions than was presented by tho other fisher-boys, took great pains to imbue me with a lovo for the humanities, which has not deserted me entirely until this day. After much ponder ing upon my prospects, I therefore finally made up my mind to offer myself on boazd of the Golden Grove, which I did, and was accepted without more ado. My friends would have mo paoso and think of the dangers of unknown coasts, and. pirates .and robbers of tho sea ; bat I know Captain John Coxon, of the Golden Grove, to be a stoat and experienced seaman, and one who was readily trusted -with rich freights — while as to freebooters, when I looked npon tho army of culver ins, demi- oulverins, sad falconets ranged npon tho decks, and also the show of carabines and patterreroes placed about the masts, with many stout fellows to man and wield them, I felt we could hid defiance to any rover who over sailed out of Sallee. Therefore, to make a leng story short, we' completed our cargo, took in provisions and water, and, as has been said, on a fine May morning, I do not remember the exact day, sailed. The wind was so fair that byeven- fall we saw St. Abb's Head. And here at the outset ox wuat was u> mo so adventurous a voyage, I would des- aoiibe ray captain and my shipmates, as well as the stout vessel herself, the latter being indeed a brave craft, with top-gallant fore castle and high poop, surmounted by three great lanterns ; but, as tho reader will shortly perceive, the Golden Grove and I soon parted company, and I never saw either her or any of her crew again. »»Y/e earned the iair north winu jpvun us all along the English coast, nntil passing through the Straits of Dover, we bade faro- well to the white cliffs.- Then in two days' time we saw upon the larboard bow great rocks which form tho cape called La Hogue, ia France, and passing to the westward of tho island of Guernsey, sighted the little isle of Ushant lying off the port of Brest, where the French maintain fleets and great naval stores. Hereabouts the wind changed, veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast that we could well discern that we were no longer ia tho narrow seas, but exposed to the great strength and fierceness of the Atlantic or "Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, we made good progress. The breeze was not steady, but blew in squalls, making it often necessary to hand topsails, and raising great seething seas around ua, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall on tho eighth day of our voyage, we lost sight of "Ushant and entered into the great Bay of Biscay. The sea here runs exceedingly high, tumbling into the shore in great ridges of blue wator ; but with a stout ship, well manned, tho nature of tho waves is not so dangerous as that of the short, boiling surges in the North Sea. And now I come to the accident which so sadly deter mined my lot for many a day. On tho morning of either the 13th or the 14th May the weather was squally and un settled , and the sea irregular and high. About 8 o'clock, looking forth to windward, I saw a great blackness in the sky, which I took to be the prelude of a gust of no common strength. At the same moment the mate of tho watch ordered the topmea aloft to hand the topsails, we carrying at the moment no higher canvas. My station was upon the leeward fore-topsail yaxdarm, and as I clung by tho manropes to the great creaking pieces of timber, grasping the fluttering canvas of the sail, I thought I had never seen a finer sight than the great rolling ship "below, wallowing and labouring in the white foaming seas, which would Bometimes strike her and pour heavy masses of cleargreen water in a flood over the decks. "When we were securing the sail, tho motion aloft was very great, we being violently swung from side to side in such wise as might well make giddy even the grizzled head of an old mariner. Meantime, the gust to windward was eoming fast ; the blackness increased, and a rushing sound, as of the chariot wheels of a host, rose above tho rude clamour of the sea. Then, amid great showers of flying brine, which it drove he- fore it. the fierce wind struck the Golden Grove bodily over npon her side. At the same instant I heard a hoarse voice below, summoning the men from the yards down upon deck ; but as I was about to obey, the tempest grew terriblo. There were great clouds of mist above me, through which I could see nought below but the white patches of waves breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly the canvas, which had not "been quite secured, was torn open, as it were, with a loud screech by the wind, and flapped and banged so that I folt the very mast shake and quiver violently, while I received rude blows from the loose and flying ropes, insomuch as, being half blined by that and the pelting of the brine, I shut my eyes, and bending down my head grasped tho yard finuiiy in iny arms. I might have remained thus three or four seconds, when I heard the loud howl of tho wind suddenly in crease to a sort of eldritch seream. In a moment, the mast gave two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and imme diately a crashing of wood. Then, still cling ing to the yard, I was hurried with a mighty rush through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all | gurgling over my head, and I knew at tho same time that the Golden Grove had carried away her fore- topmast, and I was overboard in the boiling sea. By instinct, I suppose, I struggled to climb upon the floating wreck so ad to get my head and shoulders above water. Then I "saw that I was alone in my misery. I have said that my station was at the outer end of the yard/ and I conceive that my shipmates mast have gained the top, and from thence, I hoped, the deck. But as for tie, I saw" nought hut speedy drowning for my fate. The 6eas rose in great foaming peaks and pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of t the waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy clouds passed swiftly, torn by the squall ; but the pitchy darkness which showed where its strength lay, was far down to leeward, and looking thereat as I rose npon a higher sea than common, I faintly descried the ship in a crippled plight, but having managed to put her helm up so as to scud before the storm. She was already near a leaguo away, and leaving me fast, so that tho bitterness of death rose up ia my very heart. For a moment I thought I might as well die at once, and letting go my hold of the spars, I allowed myself to sank backward into the sea. But God has wisely made man to love life with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death as with a grim eaemy. Therefore, as the water olosed above me, and I felt suffocating, I could not help making a struggle, which soon replaced me on ray ocintj, Qo.it. on the floating wreck. I looked at the spars, and saw that the topmast had broken only about a foot beneath the place to which the yard had been lowered. Nearly the whole of the foretcp and the top-gallant masts of tho Golden Grove, with the frag ments of the foretopsail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore in the sea. I clambered in from the end of the yard, and took up my position where tho mast and it crossed each other; making myself fast thereto with one of tho nnmerous ends of broken rope which abounded, and for near an hoursatdismalandalmostbroken-hcartcd, on- heedful of how the wave9 tossed me to and fro or how they sometimes burst over and almost stifled me. I was somewhat roused by a feeling of warmth, and looking abroad saw that the clouds had broken, and that the san was shining brightly on the sea. The wind was also abated, and the waves not combing so violently, I was more at ease. Then I heard that terriblo sound — the sound of tho sea alone — which no one has listened to save he who has swam far from any Tessel, or who, like" myself, has clung to a driving spar. On the beach you hear the surf, where the waves burst upon ruck or sand ; ' on shipboard you hear the fliQ-hincr of the billows on counter and prow ; and, above them all, the sigh of the wind aud the groaning of the timbers and masts. .Bat to bear the sea alone, you must be alone upon the sea I will toll you of the noiso : it is as of a great multitudinous hi9s, rising- universally about you — tho buzz of the fermenting and yeasty waves. There are no' deep, hollow rumblings. Except for th3t hissing, seething sound, tho great billows rise and sink in silence ; and you look over a tumbling waste of blue or green water, all laced -and dashed, and variegated with a thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of white glancing froth, which embroider as it wore wiii lace, the dark masses of heaving and falling ocean. Hearing this Bound, and seeing this sight, I tossed nntil the son got high and warm. I felt no very prignaut anguish, for my soul was clothed, : sw it 'were, m a species «f lethargy — the livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, bnt thoughts and tongue would grow benumbed together. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. 1 heard a sharp little dash in the water, and a soft quackle, as of a sea-fowl. Looking up, I descried beside ate two dubks of that species ; which we, ia the Saottiah bcss, called mar- rots ; they are white on the breast and neck, and brown above, and havu very bright, glancing, yellow eyes. Moreover, they dive, and uso their short wings under water, as other fowls do theirs ia flying. By the appearance of these creatures I knew that land was, at furthest, within two days' aail. There— tilting gayly over each sea — they swim for hoars, seeming to look at mo ; sometimes they would dive, but they never went far from the wreck,' always coming up and riding bead to wind, with their keen yellow eyes fixed, as I thought, upon the poor drowning mariner. They : seemed tame and fearless — for, indeed, what should they dread from mo? Onee, in a sort of melancholy mirth, I raised my arm ' threateningly, hut they stirred neither wing nor leg to See, litung over seas wnicu would make a great man-of-war work and groan to her very keel, but wliioh these feathered ships, built by God, could outride without a film of down being washed aside from their white breasts. The sun, having attained' its zenith, began to descend the westerly skies, and the afternoon was fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a summer breeze. Sometimes when on the crest of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought save the bright horizon, against which tho sharp outlines of the waves rose and fell in varying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned myself to death, and, covering my face with my hands, I, ae it were, moaned, rather than sung, inwardly to myself, many verses of psalms, which, when I was but a little child, I had repeated at my mother's knee. Meantime, I began to feel a stiffen ing and a heavy drowsinor-s over all my limbs and upon my soul. When I opened my eyes the heaving waters turned into divers colours before my sight, so that I knew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was de parting. Howbeit, a holy tranquility came down npon me. The blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw — but dimly — the green bourock and the sweet, soft swarded links of the Balwearie burn, with the brown herring nets drying on the windy grass. The place seemed holy and still ; the sun was hot, and none were stirring, and presently I . knew it was a summer Sabbath day, for from out the open windows of the grey old kirk there came a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, as it were, in my brain, the voices of the congregation, 88 they sang — In Jndah's land God is well knows, His name ia Israel's groat, In Salem is liis tabernacle, In Zlon ia His seat. After this, there came on me silence and darkness, I having gradually fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rode shocks and pulls, and a confused clamour of voices. Opening my oyes with effort, I saw surging upon the broken water, close to the spars, a ship's boat with men, quo of whom — he who rowed the boat oar — had grasped the oollar of my sea doublet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort' ho succeeded, ' ere I could well mokeontwhereabonts I was. At tho same time several voices asked, in two different languages, what was my name and country, and how I came there. Now, of both of those tongues I had some smattering, tho one being Freneh and the other Lpw Dutch, of which I had heard and picked up somewhat in mv saveriil ravages un tha river Scheldt; to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster my senses, replied truthfully that my name was Leonard Lindsay — that I was a Scotsman, a mariner of the ship Golden Grove, of Leith, where- from I had fallen overboard, the spar to which I clung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempestuous weather. At this they consulted in a low tone amongst themselves. They were all seafaring men, mostly vecy swarthy, and tanned by the sun and the wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold earirngs, which glanced amid their grensy curls. Only two were fair and blue- eyed— namely, the men who first addressed me in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a brief time beside the spurs, and seeming to consult as to whether they were worthy to be made a prize of; they decided in the negative, nnd dipping their oars into the water, ro-wed away, the steersman narrowly watching' the run of the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In the meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of the boat, and looking over the bows, saw, not more than a third of a mile from us, a bark, which appeared to be both small and frail to con tend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new and strange to me, for sho carried two masts, both very stout and short, and above them were two great supple yards, upon which was spread a good show of canvas, each sail being of that triangular form, called by the seamen who use them, lateen. In fine, the ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean coast of Franco, and was of tho class named feluccas. It was necessary to approach the vessel with great caution, inasmuch as she rolled and surged excessively. We therefore came slowly np, under her lee quarter, and ainan. of very dark complexion, and the fieryest eyes I ever saw, jumped up upon tho gun wale, and hailed the boat in French, but talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown on board, it was made fast to me, and without more ado, I was soused into the sea, and dragged on hoard the felucca, where I lay panting on the deck, while the crew — very wild and fierco-looking sailors — amused them selves with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, tho man who had hailed the boat, and who seemed to have great authority on board, came up to me, and putting the rest aside, said more deliberately than bofore, but still in French, and with a peculiar accent — " You are not, then, a Spaniard?" I mustered my few words of French, and answered, that — "I was not, but a Scots man." Without more ado, he stooped overfme, and searched mv Dockets. Thev contained some small English coins, being groats and silver pennies, and also a letter, which Captain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone, had written to me to Leith. The sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for he spoke a lew words in a kinder tone to those about him, and presently leaving me, a man dressed in a tarnished livery, like a lackey, brought me a great cup of hot dis tilled waters, which I greedily swallowed, and found myself comforted and refreshed. Being, however, much exhausted from the length of time which I had passed in the water, I laid me down npon a heap of sails in the forecastle, and being taken but little notice of, thanked God, inwardly; for my deliverance, and began to drop off to sleep. Only beforehand, like a sailor, I observed the course of the ship. The wind , being westerly, and she being close-hauled, and labouring heavily to ' windward, I deemed, and with truth, that her destination must be across the Atlantic. But whithersoever sho went, with my then feelings, mattered little. I was saved from an early death, and grate ful for my escape, I fell into a deep and dreamless sleep. When I wakened it was dark night, and the first watch was set. As the wind, how ever, was now very steady, and the sea not only lower but regular, tho men wise mostly lying and dozing about the deck, except he that conned and he that steered. Seeing me stirring, a sailor presently came to me with a lantern in his hand, and, to my great joy, addressed me in English, asking me from from whence I came, and tbe particulars of my disaster. Having shortly infonnod him, I requested that he would tell me what the ship was which had rescued me, and what manner of treatment I might expect at the hands of the captain and erew. At first, he made aa if he would put off talking of these matters, but as I was importunate, he asked me in turn, whether I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, but principally Englishmen, French men, and Hollanders, who carried on a con stant warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of the West Indies, and along the coast of Darien, sometimes - even ' crossing that narrow neck of land, and descending with fire and sword upon Panama and other towns of the South 8ea. To this I replied, that certainly I had heard of these companies, but only very partially and sothing'dlstiBctly, that they were, I suppose, the adventurers called Fnbustiers or Buccaneers, and more anciently the " Brethren of the Coast," My now friend made.ianswer moodily, that I should most probably have ample means of learning more of these Freebooters ere I put my foot on British ground again — "That is, says he, "after yon have either escaped or served your time." These phrases naturally threw me into great trouble, and I earnestly asked what he signified bjr them. "Why," he replied, "that you will be sold as an apprentice, or in other word's, as a slave, to the French West India Company, in tho Isle of Tortugae, on the northern coast of Hispaniola, whither we are bound.'-' At these words I grew sick at heart. " Better," I said, "to have alio wed me drown in that sea than to have rescued me only to sell me into slavery." "Not so," answered my companion, some thing sternly. " You are young, and have a thousand hopes before you. The hand that miraculously preserved you this day is ever stretched out in wisdom and mercy, readier to help than to chastise." \TO BE €ONTI.VCr.B.) 