CURRENT TOPICS. The Weather. — The weather since 3ur last issue has been somewhat boisterous, but our agricultural pros pects are looking as well as ever. Look Out ! — In another column \ the Corporation announce that legal proceedings are to be taken against all ratepayers who have not paid their rates to date. Burra Hospital. — The number of patients in this institution last week was 36 ; there have since been ad mitted 3, discharged 7, died 2, leaving 30 now in Hospital. The Burra Town Council. — The Burra Town Council met on Monday night last for the transaction of general business, the report of which is pub lished in another column. Sydney to Broken Hill by Rail, . — We understand the New South Wales Government have decided to at once submit to Parliament a proposal to con struct a railway from Cobar to Cock burn via Wilcannia. Primitive Methddist Church-Wc, have been requested to call special attention to the anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Metho dist Church, Kooringa, to be held on Sunday and Monday next, as per advertisement in another column. New Building. — Talk about Burra being done. Not it ! We understand another new business place is to be erected at the corner of Thames-street and Market-square by Messrs. Sing and Fat, who have been carrying on business here for some time as general storekeepers. A Monster Sale. — Messrs. Elder, Smith & Co., announce in this issue that at their next monthly sale at the Bon Accord, which will take place on Friday, October 31, no less than 36,89^9 sheep and 100 head of cattle will Be yarded, besides a number of horses, etc It is expected a large attendance of buyers will be presenc \- The Tariff ht America.— A recent, cablegrame states : — ' Owing to the great advance of- prices in the United States, consequent upon the adoption of the McKinley tariff, public feeling runs very high in some parts of the country. What looks like almost a political revolution is threatened id the Western States. The Republicans admit that a serious blunder has been made by the passing of the tariff, 'Fools and Their Money.'' — Not- withstanding the tightness of the times at present complained about by many of our residents, we have noticed dozens throwing their money 'away in trash during the past few nights in an alarming manner. Those of our store keepers who had the opportunity of witnessing the business will no doubt know how to act during the next few . weeks. ???_:. The Great Fire in Sydney. — In reference to the great fire -rfiich took place in Sydney a few; weeks . since, there is an inquest being hejd, and it has transpired that the building of Messrs. Gibbs and Shallard were mort gaged for ^23,000, and the slock and fittings for J£i7,obo, consequently Mr. Gibbs, who was placed in the box on Tuesday last, had some close examina tion to pat up witfi. The Haixett Sports. — In another ^column an announcement will be seen in reference to the annual sports in aid of the Hallett Institute to be held at that township on Monday, November 10, when a magnificent and attractive programme will be prepared. Some first-class sport can be reckoned upon, from the fact that for several events the prizes are good and consequently there is sure to be a large number of sports men enter. A Big. Scheme. — We notice by the daily press that General Booth, of the Salvation Army, in the course of an interview, declared it would take an expenditure of ^'1,000,000 to carry out his scheme to thoroughly reclaim the poverty-stricken masses of London and make them self-supporting. When j£ioo,ooo is subscribed the scheme will be commenced. Of the total required ^£30,000 annu^ly has been guaranteed. Another Mare's Nest. ? The Wallaroo Times has again been put ting its foot into it, consequently securing another mare's nest. This time it accuses the Heard of advocat ing a single tax one issue and a property tax the next If the Times editor will open his eyes he will see we advocate a single property tax, and, by the way, ^ yet. hope to see such a system Of taxation adopted. . TFiE Mayoralty.— We have been info.rmed that in reference to the posi tion of Mayor for the ensuing year, ♦-here has been as yet little done. We inferred a few issues since that Messrs. E. C Lockyer or P. L. Killicoat were about to be asked. We cannot say whether this has been done officially yet, but we understand Mr. Lockyer would decline on account of having no time to give the position his attention. It is time the ratepayers bestired them selves. I he Great Strike.— We notic according to the intercolonial press tha the strike trouble will not be settled yel In England a great strike or lockiu wave is approaching the shores, an- it is expected that shortly one of thi most gigantic labour wars ever knowi will be cwD;menced. In anticipate of the «aisis both capital and labou are preparing for a fight to a finish. Th.e Burra Mines. — In anothei coju mn we publish a report for the pasi nalz year from the directors of thi 3..A.M.A., which will no doubt be reac with interest, especially by those whe believe in taxing land on its capita value. We might point out, th« company would pay a much large sum as rates if this was done, and conse quently would perhaps be glad to gel the property to work for the purpose ol making it pay for itsel£ Stock Movements. — The following information was received from Wil cannia on Saturday last Three hundred and fifty fat bullocks from Tmapra crossed the river to-day, Gilmore and Kerr owners, James Mac kay in charge, all are in first-class con dition. 350 mixed from Bulloo Downs for Adelaide passed Yantara on the 9th, E. M'NicholI in charge; 350 fat cows from Nocka^unga for Broken Hill passed the r,ame place on the 10th, J O Connor in charge; 600 fat cattle from Cu/rawilla station for Wodonga via Wilfjannia pa^gd Wanarring on the 7th, ft'j.artin & Co. owners, J. L. Majoi '* charge. Nanking Business. — The banks doing business in this colony have furnished their returns for the quarter ending September go. The totals still show a strong position, but during the quarter there has been a slight retrospec tion in nearly every line but advances. Note circulation has diminished by ;£i7-*72; 3'6 per cent.; deposits not bearing interest, .£49,683, or 275 per cent; total deposits, ^'24,924, or o-3 per cent, and coin and bullion, ^55.687, or 36 per cent The increases are deposits bearing interest ^24.924, or 0-4 per cent; advances, ^183,785, or 2 per cent That Bon Accord Railway Cross ing Again. — Our Terowie correspon dent writes :— ' I saw what looked to me a very narrow escape on Wednes day last, when on my way to town per the afternoon train. When passing the crossing at the Bon Accord, I heard an explanation from some person on the opposite side of the carriage to myself, and on looking round saw a spring cart with three females in, about 20ft from the line they had evidently just crossed. It was a foolhardy action on their part to cut things so close.' This is only another proof of the urgency of protection being provided at this place, for which we have pleaded so long. Where are the Teetotallers Now? — There are persons who are continually clamouring about total abstainence from alcohol. We wonder if they know that if they were to do so they would be obliged to soon give up the ghost and die. It has been proved that scarcely a thing consumed by man can be found which does not contain this article complained of. We notice now, a Dr. Bechamp of the Academic de Medicine in Paris has proved that milk fresh from 'the cow contains no less than about one-half per cent of alcohoL To preach tem perance may be all right, but total abstainence is nonsense. We accept the old proverb—' Be ye temperate in all things.' The Melbourne Cup. — We notice the churches throughout Melbourne are making a more than ordinary effort to draft attention from the Melbourne Cup festival. The crusade as it is termed, has taken the form of agree ing to make the Salvation Army Demonstration in the Friendly Society Gardens on the 4th prox. as great a success as possible ; deciding to hold a mass meeting in the Theatre Royal on Sunday, the aGih inst., to protest against the practice of gambling; to request ministers of religion 10 preach against the custom, and to hold a mass meeting in the Town Hall on the evening of November 45 and to re* quest the city and country press to aid in lessening the evils of gambling by ceasing to publish the odds upon the different racing events. The Newtow GdiifclRt. — Our readers will know when Mr. Ellis Newton announced the concert for Tuesday evening last in his tent at the rear of the Commercial Hotel, Koo ringa, he stated that the proceeds (3d admission) were to go to a resident widow. By referring to our advertising columns it will be seen that communi cations are requested from such widow, the proceeds will be supplimented by a further two guineas if the case is a genuine one* A Fact about It feA. Atfi- Coffee. — Experience shows that the effects of tea and coffee are to impair digestion. Experiments have been made thou sands of times not only in chemical laboratories, but in homes, with the same result These things are of no nutritive value whatever beyond the little milk and sugar taken with them, and are positively pernicious, making thousands and thousands of dyspeptics yearly. Catarrh of the stomach is pro duced in many instances from the use of tea- The constriction of the blood vessels mentioned is always followed by relaxation, and then the amount of secreation poured out is too great, and if a catarrh of the stomach becomes established it is one of the most diffi cult diseases to cure. Physicians who give attention to the stomach are be ginning to realize that tea dyspepsia is a very common malady. Good for Evil. — Table Talk is re sponsible for the following : — ' Of all the enemies the Chinese have had in Australia, the Melbourne Trades' Unionist has-been far and away the most bitter, yet they have just donated three pounds to the strike What do they mean by it ? Do they wish to pile coals of fire on their enemies head ? or, do they want to have something they can point back to when the next hetze takes place? The Trades' Hall authorities were somewhat 'flabber gasted' at such a display of generosity coming from the Chinese quarter, and hardly knew what to make of it Some were for accepting it with thanks, whilst others, who had not forgotten the past, were for rejecting it, as it might look like acknowledging the Mongolian as a man and a brother. To settle the matter, the qusstion of accepting or rejection was sent up to the finance committee for consideration, and there is no doubt whatever, in my mind, that, after they have gone through the form of smelling (metaphorically) the dona tion all round, they will say of it as Vespasian said of the money denvsd from a certain tax — ' Non. old? ' A Salvation Army Rule.— General Booth, father of the Salvation Army, is seemingly desirous that even 'the course of true love' for his soldiers should, at anyrate as far as his influence can avail, henceforth run smoothly. In a book of orders just issued he says that ' whilst our soldiers should avoid taking away from active service more time than is really necessary for the purpose of courting, either by conver sation or correspondence, it is not to the interest of the parties nor of the army that marriage should take place without sufficient acquaintance. No engagement should be made and no marriage take place between parties who have not a reasonable prospect of maintaining themselves and their families when married in decent comfort. The army will not sanction or take part in any marriage which seems likely to end miserably, owing to the difference of age, circumstances or position of the parties, or of the prob able inability of either party to per form the duties that would devolve upon them in their new relation.' How long has this rule been in Burra ? 