Notes ou My Beat. I Captain and Adjutant Purser, wbo has been one of tbe chief supporters of military affairs in this district and wbo has worked bard for nothing per annum quarterly in advance to get the Regiment into Its present state of efflcleucy, Iibb resigned the thankless task. He retires |ust when he ought to receive a re muneration for the paius aud lose of.time tbat be bas undergone, aud thelvarious posts of adjutants are to be filled by young British officers. Mr. Purser was well qualified to carry rut his duties, and not only was he a capital officer and a thorough master of drill, but he was the right mau in the right place in looking after the busiuess and accounts of the Ilegiment. But apart from lbe injustice tn Mr. Purser, we should look at tlie matter from Bnother standpoint. It is well tbat tbe best material should be applied to all systems, and to military attairs especially, but are we doing quite rlgbt in allowing tbe management of our little army to fall completely into the bands of strangers, at any rate people wbo are uot colonists and c&nuot; regard ur and our ambition from tbe same standpoint as ourselves ? It is Bome what dangerous to begin this change because It is so bard to stop at one particular point. Tbe day may cmne when we sbull regret that we had not ourselves trained men to take responsible positions iu tbe time of need. The startling lnfnrmatinn was pub lished a few days back tbat a Mr. W. Perry, of Brisbane, had been called to tbe Legislative Council, and while altogether setting aside the point tbat another Bris bane man bas gone to help tbe metro polis to devour the remainder of the country, it is always worth discussing whether tbe Hon. W. Perry and bis band of brothers in . the Upper House should really be kept together. What their funotion is it Ib difficult to tell. It Is generally supposed that they are a set of splendid aristocrats so happily circum stanced in the comforts of this world tbat they can afford to look upon all matters Impartially, and therefore tbey stand as a cbeck upon tbe rabid goings on nf the Lower House. Tbe chief qualifications of an M.L.C. seem to be either wealth or used up political usefulness. A man must either bave bis pocket full of money or he must be played out as a politician. He In tli.n 'called' to the Upper House to help iu making tbe laws of bis counlry. Thin Chamber iB a farce from begiuuing to end. There can be nothing fair in tbe country electing one House and tbe Min istry filling the Upper Chamber when both Chambers bave to make thn laws for tbe same people. Happily for the Peers, they have not ' played up' very much, and they are therefore suffered as an amusing imitation of an old world fancy, but when tbey do speak out or oppose any measure they simply have to draw in their bnrns again for fear of being anni hilated altogether, Of wbat good, there fore, is the whole concern ? ***** Now that it is possible that tbe ' wet season,' as the Courier so well and per sistently termB it, is over, and work on tbe farms, wbich bas been delayed for nine or ten weeks, can be resumed, it is not unreasnnable tn wonder what the Government Intend to do to ' raise lbe wind.' Tbere is a general idea tbat tbe result of their meditations in this direc tion will be an income tax, and If so tbere must be a property tax, and then why not a land tax? It is certain tlie country will not staud just at present any more raising of Customs duties, a mode of revenue perhaps tbe mnst uu juBt. Whatever is d- elded upon, let us hope that it will be in tbe direction of attacking tbe wealthy clasees, and espe cially those who are living out of tbe colony but draw tbeir means from us. Were it possible to find out tbe sum wbich we send bome annually from Queensland estates to persons who spend the wnole of it out of tbe colony, the sum total would probably be astonish ing. We waut in these bard tiruea U- get at those who have more than tbey know what to do witb, and it remains to be seen whether the Government will bave pluck enough to strike hard in the right direction. ***** According to the recently published statement from the Government of tbe businesB of tbe country we have a deficit of £-530,000. It is a good tbing that tbe Government floated tbeir recent loan before letting the world kuow how we stood, or otherwise tbere might not bave been Bucb a rusli for the (Queensland 3] per cent spoil. However, after all is said aud done, and we bave pulled our longest face, we cannot gel over the fact that this colony has wilbin It some of the best meanB of beuo'nlug great aud wealthy. We bave land and miuerals iu auy quan tity, and a little well placed capital goes a great way. Just now the country is sufleriug a recovery from extravagant investment in mines and land. Every day, however, and especially every fine day, for the weatber bas bad much to do witb tbe depression, brings us nearer to tbe cure, and matters will not be im proved by our wringing our bands and crying ' Stinking fish.' In Mary borough, though tbe times are bad, they are uot anything like what, tbey ure iu BrUbane aud Rockbamplou or Towm ville. We may flatter ourselves that we bave a little paper flying about this town, but if a pile of promissory notes can at thlB period delight the heart of any indi vidual, he can bave his fill of joy at either of these three towns. Mary borough bas always been a most stolid end cautious town, and if we ran away from our judgement /or a brief period we were not long In understanding that a return to good stiiid work was a better remedy than flying klteB, or further in vestments on the off chance of entire salvation In g few weeks. Nor must we forget tbat iu Brisbane, Townsvilis or Rockbampton things are not so very bad. Tbe bill business may causes stagnation, but the paper wblcb at tbls time is rotten In these towns after all-in only a few cases represents money. Hales In Ml. Morgan scrip, for instance, where bills were given, and where tbe seller made a profit ofeo many pounds, did not, where the buyer failed to meet those bills, always represent Iobs to the general public aud public wealth. Barring the sum which the seller lu buoIi a case guve ] for the shares orlglually, there wns not tbe passage of a cent over the scrip. This Is now worth £6, leaving a fair sum as a j stand-by to any holder. Altogether the subsidence of a few kite-flyers from Bris bane la not to be regarded as a national loss. ***** Amono t-he Books.— Mr. Stead, we hear is well pleased with the iirospi-ct of liis new venture. It appears that of tlie first number of tbe Jtevicu, of IfcvirwK some 50,000 copies were sold, and Mr. Stead anticipates us l»ii;e if uot a larger sale for tlie next number. lie is nlso going to make arrangements for special Americau and Australian editions. . . . The autobiography of JV Hereon Davis was left unfinished at his death. Tbe work has been taken in baud, aud Ib nearly completed, by his widow. . . . . Professor Pepper bas become a tnan of letters, like Mr. Arnold. He bas writ ten, and will sell for the modest sum of Is., the ' Truth about the Ghost aud tbe Whole Secret of Metempsychosis.' . . , . A popular edition of the report of the Special Commission has been pre pared by tbe Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union, and will be published at the price of Id ? A new story by Mr. Bret Harte, entitled ' A Waif of the Plains ' (which recenlly appeared lu tbe columns of tbe Weekly Scotsman), will shortly be issued. CONSTABLE X. 