* I THIRTY YEARS OF COLONIAL GOVERNMEENT. Thirty Years of Colonial Government A Soloction from the DosI'tchcs and Lettcrs of tho light IHanourable Sir George Ferguson fowen, O.C.M.G. Editod by Stanley Lane-Poolo (Long-no, Grccn, oand Co. 2s.) TnUnE are few books that give a greater insight into the practical administration of our colonies than the selection from Sir George Bowen's letters and despatches which Mr. Stanley LanePoole has edited under the title of "Thirty Years of Colonial Government." During that period Sir George Bowen administered with marked success most of the chief dependencies of the Crown, includiiig Queensland, New Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong Kong. The two volumes before us contain a valuable record of his work- in each of these colodies, ilid of the problems with which he had to deal. The principle on which he tihifohriily acted, aiid Which was one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial intdrests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmost to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely local coiicerq. It was in 1851 that he was appoihted the first G6vernor of qdeenslaid, ahd cilled upon to orgiinise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held. an appointment in the Ionian Islands, then imder British protection, anid had trivelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's "Handbook" for that interesting country. Modern Greeks, he otice explained to Lord Pali ibr ston, pronounce the words meaning "we," and "you" in precisely the same manner. "Ah, they confound 'we' and 'you' do they?" said Palmerston. "I fear that is not the only way in which modern Greeks confound 'meum' and 'tuum.'" The fol lowing extract contains an interesting description of QuxiEsiaN D IN 1859. "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall bh coiiifortably lodecd at night in the houses of the prncipal 'squatters,' or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distiance from eiich other. These gentlemen live in a patri archial style among their immense flocks and herds, amusing themselves with hunt ing, shooting, fishing, and the exercise of a plentiful hospitality. I have often thougiht (especially in' reading Thackeriay' ndvel; 'The Virginians) that the Queensland gentleman-squatters bear a similar relatibn to the other Australians that the Virginiani planters of a huidred years bick bore to the other Americans. "But theie is a perfectly distinct class of people in the towns. Brisbane; iny present capital, must resemble what Boston and the other Puritan towns of New England were at the close of the last century. In a popu lation of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, thirteen public-houses, twelve policemen. The leading inhabitants of Brisbane are a hard-headed set of Ehnglish and Scotch merchants and mechanics-very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." The Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral country, and Sir Geor e Bowen tells an amusing story about one of the principal squatters. A SaCOesD JOB. "A successful Queen'lander, who became a ineibe of the Hojise of Comnions, where he supported Loid Palmerston; was invited to one of the political ieceptions of Lady Waldegrave ait Sti?rivberry :Hill. That aiccomplished hostess iiided lierself on hci" information aboiit her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman ieferred to, she is said to have greeted him with,' Oh, Mir.-, I am very glad to see you. I hear that you have as manvsheeps tnd cattle as thePatri archs-that, in short, yod fire a second Job.' Her guest replied: 'I hope, Lady Walde grave, you do not mean to compare ome to Job, who, as we learn from the Bible, had only 7,000 sheep, whereas I. have 300,000. Job was a mere stringy-barker.' It should be explained that young sett!ler, bn begin ning sheep-farmining in the interior,- with only from 5,000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot generally ifford to build at first houses of wood or stone; and are obliged for some time to content themselves with comfort table huts made frbm the bark of the so called "stringy-bark" eucalyptus. So they were oftdn known to thl great squatters by the sobriquet of' stringy-barkers." In those days they played whist in the wilds for sheep points and a bullock on the rubber. From Queensland Sir George was sent to New Zealand, tlihii iii the thrdes of the Maori troubles, which he largely succeeded in assuaging during his goiernmoent. Like most of tliose who hiave come in contact w?.? u5m. Sir .George w?s full of appre ciation for,tne l, s? ?itie, of the Maori race. Tlli fdllduiing story is here gtvn an first hand: A STRn GEd CoxviEsonso, "Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to meet the Duke of Edinburgh was ond of the original signers of the Treaty of Wai tangi in 1810, and who had ever since been a firm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwards said to the Governor, 'Do you know, sir, the antece dents of that old heathedi?' 'No, my dear. Blshoio,' was the reply, 'but I do know tliaiit,e broughlt five hundred of his clans meii into the field to fight for the Queen, so I invited him to meet the " Queen's son." ' Well,' continued the iishop, 'when I first arrived in New Zealand, that chief came to me and said that he wished to be baptised. I knew.that he lihad two wives, so I told hint that he must first persuade oneof theni to return to her family. He said lie feared that would be dillicult, but that he would see what could be donie, and come back to me in two months. When he returned, lhe exclaimed, 'Now" missionary, you may haptise me, for I have only one wife.' asked, ' What have you done with our dear sister, your first wife?' lIe replied, smack ing Iis li s, ' Irsae eaten her!'" In 1873 Sir George was promoted to Victoria, where he remained until 1879, when his term expired, and he was assigned the government of Mlipritius, the only vacancy ait the time. Compared with Aiistralia, there was quite an air of anti quity about the old Frenich coloiiy in which Paul tiod Virginia had lived and loved. LAnoURDnno NAIS' GHOST. " The Australasian Colonies are too young for ghosts, but here we have a haunted chamber, where tihe great Labourdonnais, the famous French Governor of Mauritius, is believed by the French creoles to walk nightl}y. We put a high civil functionary there, lut he declared that he heard strange noises;and nothing would induce him to occupy tile room again. 'However, next week the Enghlish admiral of the station arrived with his squadron and when we asked him if he wouli have the haunted chamber, the best spare room in the house, lie said, 'I am afraid of no Frenchman, dead or alive'; and he neither heard nor saw a ghost during the month hlie spent with us. It is true that he was supported by his Flag Captain in the room on his right, and by his Flag Lieutenant in the room pn his left. Then, too, a strange noise is often heard at night at the time of full mn;oo, as of a carriage driving by the chalteaua; and mome creoles declared they had seen Labourdonnais pas sing by in his coach and six horses, with his escort and lacqueys-all skeletons in the uniform of the age of Louis XV. Rather suspecting some trick, the aides-de-camp of a former Governor sat up with their swords and a bottle oi iced clhampagne on the table; and when they heard the strange noise approaching, they turned out the guard with loaded rifles and lixed bayonets, and all sallied forth-to see a grand herd of wild stags from the neighbouring moun tains tossing their antlers in the bright tropical moonlight." Ilong-Kong was the last of our depen dencies over which Sir George Bowen was called upon to preside. During the years he spent there lie took occasion to visit both China and japila. TilE ALTAn OF TaIIa ?UN. "There are some grand Buddhist teisplhes at Peking; but the most interesting ohbject there is the famous 'Altar of HIeaven, wherefor at least three thousand years, the Emaerors of China, the lords of one-fourth of the humnan race, have once a year offered a burnt sacrifice to the One God of HIeaven-with rites like thoAe observed by Abrahhii l i the wilderness. This is the Ioly of IITolis of China, and adinission to it is a rare honour. The last permission given, before my visit, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by a walled park as large as Hyde park, and with groves of immemorial trees, beneath which roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial iacri flees; and in the middle of this park a collosal structure of white marble. rising on terraces with broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice-as the sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow-capped mountains- offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known in Europe that the Court religion the only ' established' religion (so to speak) in China-is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous cults. A China man may be a Confucian or a Blhlhist, just as an Englishman may be a Wesleyan or a Romanist. But, as I -have said, these are not ' established' religions in the Eng lish sense." In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to see a good deal of Italy, where, he tells us, Mr. Gladstone is re garded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and with almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as that with which theAmericans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of niote that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences has been to make him an ardent supporter of Imperial Federation. Mr. Stiinley Lane Poole has very adequately performed his task, and has given us the rdcord of a singularly well-filled' and useful career in two.volumes of moir thlin u-sual interest. Literarys JP r?. 