MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. Bx Wt G. P. I must begin by stating that I never cared for parrots—in fact, as a child, I die- | tinctly feared and disliked them. One of ; my earliest recollections is that of a-parrot: kept by one of nay aunts "whom 1 often visited. It seemed peaceable and qmet enough, and had much freedom, when it "would meander gently about the room, neither taking notice of nor molesting any one. Emboldened by this conduct, I thought I might venture to tease poor Polly, so, creeping under the table, I very gently pulled its tail. Deeply moved and incensed by this insult, Polly "flew straight at me and bit my finger. I acknowledged the justice of the punishment; still, in fright ami pain, I screamed aloud, when my aunt and nurse flew to the rescue and restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight at me, and tried to peck my eyes out and bit my cheeks; It never forgot nor forgave the injury, but tried to bite me whenever it was loose, flying at me and pecking wherever it could, till at last it became a sort of nightmare and terror te me, and I repented me in tears of the wrong I had committed against it. Full of years and hatred, it at last yielded up the ghost, to my peace of mind and its mistress's regret. The next parrot I became acquainted ■with did nothing to exalt Ms race in my eyes. lie belonged to a sea captain, ana we came across him in lodgings at the seaside. His language was profanity itself, and besides that he was a tale-bearer. "Robert kissed the cook; oh, fie!" was screamed out by him suddenly one day, and by this a discovery was made of a love story, which " shook the pillars of domestic peace;" a Jealous housemaid havingtaught him tile phrase. I always think of this parrot as a " him," for 1 should be grieved to think of ary respectable lady-bird disgracing herself and sex by very " big, big D's " that unrighteous bird used daily. I Sly third parrot mend was a grey one, I and belonged to Admiral Blank—al?o a sea- I going bird, but how different had been, his j education! He was a thorough.gentleman, I full of conversation on many topics, j «lever at whistling, and able.to sing a good j song when occasion offered. It was in the i Brazils I met him. Weal! lived in a lovely ; garden attached to the hotel, where separate little houses were built, each with sitting and bed rooms, according to the require-' ments of tlis gursts. We had one house and Admiral Blank another, and Polly used to spend his time in a large cage perched up in a tree, where he was very happy and conversational, and became quite friendly with roe as I gave him fruits and other delicacies. Now, there was a huge negro slave, upwards of six feet high, as blaek as a coal, but a great swell, attired always in most spotless lily-white duck suits and a tall white hat, who was told off to attend to tlieec garden bouses. Bis name was "White,* on the lucus a rum hiccndo principle, I presume, and "White! White!" might often be heard shouted through the garden in the stentorian tones of Admiral Blank; when White would fiy with an obedient start from the kitchen of the hotel liard-by. One morning I had seen the admiral start off, resplendent in uniform, and knew lie was gone; I was surprised, therefore, to hear "White! White!"called in his tone of voice. I could not understand it, as 1 had never left the garden since he went away and had not seen him return. Neither could White. He came running and perspiring, went to Admiral Blank's house, and then looked about the, garden, but could not find him. Then, supposing lie had made a mistake, he returned to the ivory-teethed, grinning,black laundry maids, in the courtship of whom lie had been interrupted. "White! White!" once more resounded through the gardens, this time in very angry tones. White came in | fear and haste to find--110 one; and the illusion was repeated several times that day. I speedily discovered that Polly was the caller, and, alas! next day so did White, and in his anger and spite Ire would have killed the bird had I not been there to protect him. Many a fruitless run did Polly give liim after that, for masters's " White!" and Polly's "White 1" were absolutely indistinguishable. Soon after this it fell to my lot to be possessor of two parrots, and bitterly I rebelled against the decree. It happened thus: We Trent to India, and I "was completely fascinated by the crowds of green parrots vre saw in the plains. It was a never-failing source of delight to me to see them flying in flocks, often hundreds at a time, with the rays of the descending sun glistening on their emerald-green plumage; or to see a tree destitute of leaves made green by reason of the multitude of parrots that had settled on its branches; or again, at sunset, to see the green parrots flying about the white marble minarets of the glorious Taj -J1 eh a), or d a rti ng about, frolicking in the expiring rays. To me they were the most lovely of India's birds. One scene connected with parrots is, from its perfect beauty, often present in my mind. At a certain residency, one of the finest in Northern India, there is a fountain constantly playing, and in the early morning the parrots gather together in vastnumbers to drink and bathe in its running waters and basin. To see their graceful curves and upward {lights before dashing through and just skimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in so doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living happiness difficult to surpass. The parrots at tins residency are almost tame, for every morning four or live caged ones are let loose to be fed, and down come all the wild ones to sliare their feast. The early morning is the time to see these birds at their brightest and best. At the first glimpse of the rising sun. they forsake their night's resting-places and fly shrieking forth in search of food, and on many a tree they may be seen pulling off the precious berries and fruits. Alas! the mahli's (gardener's) heart does not warm to parrots, for their nature is to work destruction wherever they go, and they pick off and destroy far more than they eat—as the unripe mangoes lying at tlie foot of a mangoe tree will testify. Seeing my admiration of and enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, with whom I was stopping, decided it would be nice for me to have two to take back to England with me. In vain I represented to thein that it was the beauty and life of the wild ones I admired, and that I thought caged ones would be sorry representatives of their kind. But no, "the fates would have it otherwise. Borne misguided parrots built their nest in a hole in the saddle-room wall, and some ! of the young birds were taken out and brought into the house. When I inspected j them I could hardly believe they were parrots. They looked like very yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with white daws and a red baak, and not a vestige of a feather, and more firmly than ever I declined to have anything to say to them. However, they j were put in a basket and fed every two hours on a system of dough pills poked down their throats and washed down with water, and to my disgust I was expected to assist tliem to these delicious repasts. To add to my troubles one day a man arrived with a cage full of liiil parrots, two parent birds, and a family of young ones. They seemed in the last stage of exhaustion and starvation, so we fed them all and said we would buy some, and returned the others. The man sent back a polite message that now we bad touched the birds, it would break his caste to take them back, and unless we would buy them all he must kill them. We felt grieved to think of their untimely fate, so purchased the whole family; though it was no light matter to contemplate stuffing six more birds with pills— the young birds were even uglier than our own, though the parent birds were lovely, bright greeu with red on each wing, and'a red ring round the neck. Well, the time for my departure arrived, and I said nothing about the parrots, and fondly hoped they had been forgotten; when as the trail was about _ to move off, up came a servant with a little cage containing two young birds and a brown paper parcel containing dough. I felt a good deal, but politeness made me offer the best thanks I could muster up in my vexation. Off we started, and very soon the birds began to make a crooning noise—a sound I had learned to detest, for it meant that they were hungry and that the time had arrived for the dough to be utilised. With a bad grace I took tliem on my lap, opened their bills, turn about, and poked the boluses down. At last the " Torpedo" took a header auiongst my skirts, a sign that he was satisfied, and the " Whale" ■ rolled his eyes and looked as if he were i dying, which was his sign of repletion. 1 lire above were the names of my new I prottgjez, the Torpedo ha-rfng gamed his ' soubriquet by Kis singular habit of bolting headforemost anywhere and in anything the moment he had eaten enough. There was a popular song some years ago called "The Torpedo and the Whale," so the latter name followed naturally for my friends, though I had never heard the ditty. This meal was the beginning Of similar repasts administered about every two hours day and night for some days, when quite suddenly Torpedo put on an entirely new suit of the vividest green with long blue tail-feathers, which with his little bright red bill transformed him from being ugly to a thing of beauty; and one day, at Watson's Hotel, Bombay, he suddenly flew from the ba'leony right round the room, so, in fear lest he should fly away, I cut his wing. The Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They st>.l required feeding with the pills. The voyage home they performed in a basket, and Torpedo became so tame, he would follow me about the eliip Kke a little dog. At this tiiae they acquired a habit of sSirieking ear-Difa-einar veils. Thev reached Enjihind in summer, and seemed very well while the warm -weather lasted; bat suddenly intensely cold frosty weather set in with sleet and snow, and the poor parrots looked and seemed miserable. One night the thermometer f^mk to 28 degrees below zero. About eleven o'elock at night I heard the litt le Torpedo rustling about and trying to get out of its cage. So I took it to the fire, warmed and fed it, and it went fast asleep on my knee. At last I put it hack in its cage, covered it well up, and went to bed- The next morning my German, housemaid came to my "bedroom and said, *' Oh, madam, I has-e such ferry.bad news to gif you. Tou vill be so Sony." I conjured her to tell me the worst at once, but she kept me in suspense some time longer, repeating how grieved I should be, and at last handed me a newspaper parcel containing my little Torpedo lying dead. It appears she found th e poor little soul on the floor with its head between a bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright. I tried to revive it in every way by putting it near the fire, &c.;, but all in vain—life was extinct. It is now stuffed and under a glass case, but it has lost all hold on my affection, as it is not one whit like my living, saucy, loving, mischievous Torpedo. The Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved.in position. He was allowed to sit in the upper places of his immense cag®, whereas in the time of [ the late lamented Toraedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; had all the tit-bits to eat, and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red I feathers on his wings and a rosy ring around his neck; his temper became genial, I and he learned the noble art of conversa\x=req-\ I tion, and, to the servants' delight, called them all by their names. Both parrots had a wonderful facility for making themselves respected, butat the same time ingratiating themselves with other animals. Many a time I have gone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, but the whole floor swarming with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge Mount St. Kernard dog, and a canary, and amongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo and the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front of the lire, the parrots would calmly pinch his toes or his tail till be made place for them; and the kitten and parrots played games together, rolling over and over. The Whale, amongst other accomplishments, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like the canary. He aleo greatly enjoyed my music "when I played, but he preferred scales and exercises, his taste being purely classical. Whenever IJ liegan the former he -would climb up my j dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter about just as if he -were taking a batli. Then one by one he would abstract my hair- , pins, till at last my hair would fall dewn, j and in that he would plunge and bathe with ; extreme relish. This was not an amusement, he was often permitted to indulge in, bow- j ever. At this time we had a " buttons," i Robinson by name, who was the cross of everybody in the house except his master,! who continually took his part, and explained that all his shortcomings arose from too much petticoat government in the kitchen. One day the Whale was muttering to himself a good deal, and at last clearly delivered himself of the following: "Robinson, Robinson! whatever are ; you doing, you bad boy! You're a very ; naughty boy. Go to bed at once, sir ! Do you hear?" and this exactly in the cooks voice; and he used to scoldEobinson loudly in other words afro, showing the frequency of the thing in his hearing in the kitchen where lie lived. He loved to be out in the garden, and would climb a tree with great agility and joy, pulling much of the bark eff as he ascended. lie and the Torpedo entirely pickcd to pieces and demolished a favourite .-wicker armchair "which my mother-in-law bad given us to keep, and tiisit she greatly valued, which -was sad! We decided upon revisiting India, and the question arosej What -was to become of the Whale? He had many English hearths and liorues at Iris disposal, for lie had endeared himself to many people by his winning Trays and clever talk. But we resolved to let him onee more enjoy the gorgeous Eastand the6cenesof hisearlyyouth. So vr e got a saaU cage, cut qShis long tail so that he might fit in, made a red baize covor to show off liis complexion—I mean his green feathers—bought some bird seed, and there was Polly, mt grand complet for the voyage. He liked the sea, and was very hilarious, talking and whistling away and making friends "with everyone, lie used to sit perched up on my deck-chair, while every\x=req-\ i one brought him dainties frcm table and the various ports we stopped at. There was an actress on board, the celebrated Mile. Dash, " the Sylph of the Arena." She was not a favourite in the ship. She was loud in her dress, speech, and manners, and of a thirsty temperament. One day she had fallen sweetly asleep on a deck-chair, with her mouth wide open and snoring, with a most lavish display of flesh-coloured silk stockings. I saw the Whale observing her, and presently, before I could catch him, he climbed down my chair, skurried across the deck, and climbed up her shiny shoes and pink silk legs. It must really have been very painful for her, as his claws were very sharp. She woke up with a loud scream of bitterest anguish, and I hurried up to apologise and to rescue her from her awkward position. I regret to say that—so much the worse for human nature—manv of the passengers rejoiced loudly at her misfortune. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and we arrived at Madras. There, at the end of our sitting- room, -was an immense verandah, and here the Whale lived, pleased to renew his acquaintance with sugarcane, hut disgusted with the ants and crows. His food had constantly to be changed on account of the former, and the latter used to come and eat his bread and water; then his rage and fury were terrible to witness, and all the scolding lie had learned, intended for Robinson, he levied at their heads, and finally learned to caw exactly like they did. Here we set up a Madrasse "boy," and he kept that ua\x=req-\ iortuuute servant pretty busy running about as lie learned to call " boy!" both in his master's and mistress's voice. He visited Calcutta, Ceylon, and various places in India, and gained health, strength,and new words in his native land, and learnt to flatter me by calling out " Pretty, pretty " whenever he saw me. During his residence at the above-mentioned northern presidency the poor little follow became very ill, gasped for breath, refused all food except what lie took from my lips, fluffed up his feathers, and looked pit-eously at me for help; he seemed perfectly miserable except when perched upon my hand, the only time he ever seemed to sleep, and in spite of everything we tried, he expired one morning, to our great grief. We felt as if we had lost a dear jfriend, and truly we bad, forhe had cheered us up in. many a gloomy moment by his cheery and affectionate ways. He "was 1 juried in a lovely garden bright with varied and fragrant clusters of blossoms—a lit resting-place for such a child of nature. 