WHOSE WAS THE HAND. Br M ibb B'raddox. Cuamer XXIV.— A Gloomy Prospect. Pedro Perez and his beautiful wifo started for -Aladrid upon tho evening after their marriage. They travelled with all tho comfort that wealth can give. Dolores hnd her mother and hor maid as duenna nnd attendant. They went to the best hotel in Alndrid, where, at the instiga tion of his wife and mother-in-law, Perez en gaged the handsomest suite of rooms upon tho first floor. His dread of ridicule, his jealous doubts and suspicions, prompted him to hide tho treasure that ho had won for himself ; but some natural pride intervened, and he could not refrain from showing himself in tho fashionable drives and promenades with his lovely young wife by his side. Gradually it became known to all the financial world of Madrid that the beautiful girl who went about with Pedro rcrez was actually his wifo, and visits of ceremony and congratula tion became frequent in tlio amber satin salon ou premier. Aladnmo Perez accepted tho situation with perfect equanimity, and showed to bettor ad vantage as a wifo than as a bonutiful bird in a gilded cago. If sho was not happy sho was at least better contcntod with herself and hor lifo than Bhe had been in the Ruo St. Guillauraic. So far from reponting his marriage Perez grow daily moro dovotod to his wife and more anxious to inako hor happy. Ho submitted to all Aladnme Quijada's exactions, and allowed him self to be led by the nose by his mothor- in-law as well as by his wifo; and in this happy dispo sition he returned to Paris, wlioro ho at onoo occupied himself in tho tn«k nf solor.ting a fitting homo for tho lovely young wife of a mil lionaire. Everybody whom ho know m Paris had hound of liis marriage, and he bad to endure tho eon - gratulations of his acquaintances, which, as l»o wns particularly shy, wero agony to liim. HVi also had to endure a good mauy sly thrusts in the papers, and moro than one caricature of Lit belle et la bete ; but be bore it all, and after a week or two consented to mount an elegant Vio- toria with a pair of matchless blacks, and to show himself in tho Bois at the fashionable hour. A coupo was being built' for Dolores, and a second pair of blacks was being looked foe, Aladame Quijadu nnd lior daughter boing of opinion that a stablo to be dislinyud must bo ajl of one-color. Aftor looking at a good many houses, Pores finally decided upon ono in tho somowhat soli tary Aveuuo Reitfschossen, which had beoii built for a famous actress during tho palmy days of tho Empire — tho avenue being thein known as tho Avonuo Hortonso — ond wliiolr was at least a milo from tho Are du Triomph. Tho hqusa stood ot somo distanco from tho road, and was concoaled by a thick screen of acacias and othor ornamental trees and shrubs. Tho garden had boon carefully laid out, and tbo stables bad been tho partioular care of tho first proprietor, who was a connoisseur in equine arrangements. This Italian villa, with its grounds and dependencies, hnd cost a fortune, butitwas offered to Pedro Perez for about a fourth part of tho original cost. He liked the property, in tho first place, because it was a bargain, and in tho second place because its solitary position gratified his idea of retirement with tho wife of his choice. He did not want to live in tho heart of Paris, whore Dolores might bo en couraged to set up a salon, and whoro tho men he know might find it too convenient to visit his handsome wife. That solitary Italian villa, with its screen of foliage, inconveniently remote from tho busy haunts of mon, was tho vory homo he desired. Dolores qnd hor mother both admired tho house, and both complained of its surroundings. The neighborhood was a desert. It was on tho wrong side of tho Bois for fashion and beauty. Like all bargains, tho property was hardly worth having. For once in a way Perez was resolute with his charmer. He would buy that house and no other. " If you would rather go on living in the Ruo St. Guillnume," ho said, " I won't interfere." "I detest tho Ruo St Guillaume," replied Dolores petulantly, so tho Italian villa in tho Avcnuo do Relfschosson was bought, and Dolores was allowed to furnish tho now house after her own fancy, nnd without any consideration of cost Only in ono matter did hor husband oxorciso his authority, and that was in tho choico of the household. All the servants wore engaged by him at nn office in Paris ; but ho allowed Louise Alaroet to assist him in his choice, and to bo present during tho negotiations. Sho was to bo housekocpfer in tho new villa, having shown a talent for manage ment and economy in tho Rue St Guillaume. Aladame Quijada was allowed to choose her own suite of apartments on the ground floor, in a wing behind tho principal rooms, whioh wore vestibule, dining and billiard room. Dolores had her boudoir, bedroom, dressing and bath room on tho upper or noblo floor, whilo her husband had a corresponding set of rooms on tho same floor. There wero two small rooms at tho back of tho house, divided only by a narrow pnssago from tho suite occupied by Dolores, and these were appropriated to Aldllc. Alarcet, as sitting room and bedroom. A ser vants' staircaso at the end of tho passage brought hor in olose rapport with tho oflicos below, and onablcd her to exercise a useful sur veillance upon tlio household. Tho servants' bedrooms were on an upper story, almost hiddon by tho classic ornamentation of the roof. An open loggia divided tlio apartments of tho master ond mistress of tho houso, and formed a means of communication in summer timo, and a neutral ground whero husband and wifo might meot in thoir idle hours. Dolores was full of plana for decorating this loggia in an Oriental style, so soon as Bpring and summer should re visit tho land. A Parisian winter did not pro mise muoh enjoyment from nn open loggia, how- over architectural and Italian. Tho installation in tho villa took placo vory quietly, though both mother and daughter had suggested a ball, or at least an evening party, in honor of tho pendaison de la cremaUlerc. Perez reminded thom that tbey knew Bcarcely half a dozen peoplo in Paris, and asked whoro their guests wore to come from if they wero to givo a party. "Aladame Poroz has only to hold up hor finger in ordor to fill hor salon," ropliod Aladame Quijada, with dignity, " or, in othor words, you havo but to say to ono of tho best known Paris- inns at your club, ' Afy wifo is going to givo a party, and I want you to sond out 200 or 300 cards of invitation on her part,' and the thing is done. IVe shall givo musio, supper, and wines that peoplo will talk of for a week ; and after that everybody in Paris will want to come to tho Villa Poroz." "A vory oxcellont way of squandering money, and courting discomfort," answered Perez, tartly. "I bought tho villa for my wifo and myself, not for nil Paris. " " I forcseo that we shall bo as dismal hero as wo wore in the Rue St. Guillaume," sighed Aladame Quijada, who did not forego a mother-in-law's privileges of saying disagree able things. Finding that society was still forbidden fruit, Aladame Quijada sunk into a slough of sensuous pleasures, and rejoiced in the luxurious sur roundings, her daughter's cordon bleu, and her son-in-law's wine cellar. She began to regard tho midday dejeuner and the 7 o'clock dinner as tho two chief events of tho day. She did ample justice to tho produco of Burgundy nnd Bordeaux, nor did sho ever forego tho dainty goblet of Chartrouso or Curafoa, whioh marked tho oloso of the meal— a miniature goblet from which Titania hcrsolf might have drunk, only Titania would hardly have refilled the glass so often. In tho afternoon Aladame Quijada enjoyed her siesta iu true Spanish fashion. In tho evoning sho was moro alert, nnd played iScnrto with licr daughter for small stakes, wtiich sho generally won. If Dolores would not play thoro wns always tlio soujfrc doulenr Louise, who had tho wholo charge of tho household on horshouldors, and who had to plcaso tho threo people who constituted tho family. Aladame Quijada had given over tho entire duty of housekeeping to hor niece, and rarely rose from hor easy chair, oxcept to drive out in hor daughter's Victoria, or to go to a theatre in tho luxurious coupo, when Perez was disinclined to escort his wifo Nothing had been heard of Leon since his disappearance, and his aunt's most earnest hopo was that sho would never see his faco or hear his namo again. There wero episodes in her lifo which sho wanted to forgot, now that sho had attained to that respectability which wealth can give in a momont to tho most doubtful antece dents. It? was in seaioh of oblivion that sho filled and refilled tho littlo Venetian goblet after dejeuner or dinner ; and thore wero timos when she felt that all the Chartreuse tho good monks over distilled would hardly be strong enough to drown certain haunting memories. Perez Peru noted liis worthy mother-in-law's indulgence in the pleasures of tho table, and re marked upon it to his wife. "If you don't look after her better she'll take to drinking," he said one evening, as they drovo to a boulevard theatre, leaving Aladame Quijada sitting opposite Louise at the littlo card table, with flushed cheek and glittering eye. " Bah, if she has just une poinle now and then it can't matter," replied Dolores, care lessly. "Her dinner is the only thing that amuses her. You won't let us give parties, or know any amusing people. You have banished oven the poor old Duturqucs. They wero dull, but tlicy wero alive, ond they wore better com pany than chairs and tables. "You are very ungrateful, Dolores," Perez answered, with a piteous look. " I have refused you nothing, excopt to oliaiige my mannor of life. I have always loved solitude, and bated strange faces. 1 should not be a millionaire if I hud not possessed the power of self concentra tion, of living on my own thoughts." "But now you area millionaire — and three times a millionaire— you ought to enjoy life." "To enjoy lifo is to live quiotly with you— to havo you allto myself, not to see you surrounded with young people, who would despise your old" husband, and teaoh you to despise him. You talk about giving bails, Dolores. Can you not conceive what torture it would ho to me to seo yon dnuoing with young men — handsome, fasci nating, unprincipled, relentless, in their pursuit of tho women thoy admire 1 Men who would talk of you at theirclubs, compare you with the vilest of yoursox, disoussyour every charm— lay wagers lover, and how soon you could be persuaded to dishonor your husband. I could not endure to see you admired, knowing what admiration means among the young libertines I moot at , my club. You cannot understand what au old man's love is, Dolores — how jealous, how exact ing. You forgot how poor a recompense age- over gets for its devotion to youth." "I don't mean to bo ungratoful," Dolores answered with a deep sigh, and then sho turned her head away from her husband, and studied tho passing carriages, the Jldneurs upon tlio broad asphalto pavement, the glitter aud splendor of tho shop windows, shops that seemed designed only for tlio accommodation of mil lionaires. Sho was going to tlio tl\oatro in all hor glory of jowols, diamond stars iu her hair, a nccklnco of singlo stones, each gem worth a rosierc't dowor, diamond serpents in single, double, nnd treble coils winding up hor slim round arm. Sho wore a simple evoning toilotco of somo black gauzy mntorial, but tho Chnntilly laco upon lier gown was only second in valuo to the goms on her nock. Whon a beautiful young woman marries ago and ugliness tlio leust sho can do to assort the claims of beauty is to spond her hus band's money royally. Tbo theatre was tho Ambigu, whoro a new comedy of- Sardou's had just mado a hit, and where all Paris was crowding nightly. Dolores was amazed when sho found that tho box hor husband had scoured for hor was only a small one on tho pit tier, whero neither hor beauty na>r her diamonds could be adequately seen. He haul his old fancy for thoso shadowy littlo boxes, wlinro it pleased him to hide his enchantress frotn tho vulgnr eye ; bat in spito of these jealous precautions, Madamo Perez was already known nnd talked about as la belle aux diamg.nts. Her husband's reputation as a triple million aire) gavo a special interest to hor jewels. Peoiplo gloated upon goms which might have cost half a million, if Perez pleased. Ho could havo spent half a million, reduced bis fortune by at sixth, without feeling any poorer. " He coultl make as much in a week if ho chose to start a now mine," said tho fl&neurs; on the Bourne. " Ho has but to writo a prospectus, and flhe money pours in like water. Ho has a Golcowda in his ink pot." Whilo Perez and his wife wore laughing at Sardouli biting wit, Aladamo Quijada was win- wing Louise Alaroot's half franos by her astute and studied play. Louiso took no interest in tho game — indeed hated all games of cards — and only pilayed as a part of her diuty in that house where sho was tho shadow of everybody elso's sunshine. They had played nearly an hour and a half when the elder woman throw down the cards with an impatient sigh, instead ofl dealing thorn. "We havo played long enough for to-night, Louiso ; I am itired of winning such miserable stakes. How ghastly the silonco of this houso is 1 Nothing but tho tick, tick, tick of the clock on the mantelpliece, and tho craokling of tho logs now and then. You may got mo a finger of fine ohampagno. I feel vory low to-night.'' This house is killing me. "You ought to be much easier in your mind now that your daightor has beon placed in an honorable position — now that your conscience is at poaeo upon hor account," said Louiao, gravoly. "My conscience ! Don't preach to mo about conscience. I have done with all superstitious bugbears. I finished with them before I loft Alarseilles. I havo newer entered a ohureli since my marriage. I was overdosed with religion in my girlhood. I marrieA! a clever man, who soon taught mo to laugh at thn old fables." "And wore you happier, do yon think, for abandoning tho old pathways?" asked Louise, gravely, arranging tho cards, with her eyelids oast down, as if sho hardly liked to meet her aunt's eyes whilo sho spoko of sacred things. " Happier ! Happy — Trappier— happiest ! Thoso are idle words, chiM. I don't boliovo anybody is happy. I don't bclievo in tho exis tence of happiness. " "Oil, you aro wrong, auntl There are moments, hours, days in this life perfectly and beautifully happy— days to' whioh ono looks baok afterwards as to a dream of Heaven days to which one looks forward! after death, hoping that God will givo us bneik that happiness in Honven. Thoso brief dnys are balanced by long years of misery ; but they havo been— thoy havo been. There is nobody on this earth who' has not once boon happy. Tho word is not an idlo invention." "Well, I suppose I was happy in my timo — happy that Eastor night when. Quijada followed ino homo from the ohureli door, and talked to mo, whilo my mother walked ou ahead with my elder Bistor, your mother, little suspecting that I had an admirer making love to mo under covor of tho darkness. Ho was only clork to an avout, but those who know anything about him said that ho was ono of tho clcvorcst young men in AInrsoillos, nnd as my parents wore only small shopkoepcrs they did not make many objections to my marrying him. 3Yo only had a couplo of rooms to livo in, and 30 f. a week to livo upon ; but It was all bright enough for the first year ; and f'-hen, and then, I found out things about my elevnr young husband. Thore was moro money, hut St wasn't come by very honestly ; nnd wo had to lonvo AInrsoillos ono night in secret, nover to go baok thoro. IVo camo to Paris, of courso — everybody comes to Paris— and Dolores was born in a little street near St. Germain l'Auxerois, whlire wo struggled on somehow — till tho end came ("or my husband, tlio bitter, cruol end. Aro yow over going to get ino that mouthful of oognac?" "Yes, yes, aunt, but indeed you would bo bettor without it. " " How daro you diotato to mo ? I am siok and faint with thinking of my wretched past. Got me somo cognac this instant 1" Louise left tho room nnd returned with a tiny carafe, and Titania's Venetian goblet. Sho did all sho could to discourage hor aunt's growing propensity for alcohol, but sho was only a dependont. Sho might remonstrate, but sho wns compoilcd to obey. "Ho was arrested at a low dancing place, among men and women of tho vilest character, men who wore like bad women, women who wero liko vicious mon," pursued Aladame Qui- jadn, cagorly helping hcrsolf to tho cognac with a tremulous hand. "Why dwell upon thoso bygone troubles ? I know all the sad story." "It does mo good to talk— anything is bettor than tho silenco of this ghastly room — whit e and gold— so white, so cold and cheerless, I'-iko n room meant for ghosts. It is a relief to talk of what I suffered in thoso days. Ho was qrrcntcd for robbery, swindling, a long series of frauds, and ho was taken to prison. I never saw h'.im alive again. Ho banged himself at daybreak, within two hours of his arrest, hanged himself with a silk handkerchief upon tiie iron bar of tho prison grating hefore iio had been even exnminod by tlio juge d' instruction, and before tho jailers thought it necessary to tako any speoial precautions against suioidc." "You wero much to lie pitied, aunt," saiil Louise, quietly, putting away the neat ittle' boxes of cards. Sho liod heard tlio story of her aunt's mar riage very often of late, for Aladame Quijnda had grown more loquacious in proportion as sho indulged in alcoiial. She did not talk of theso things to Dolores, who had been brought up in ignorance of her father's character, had, indeed been brought np to bclievo that tho defunct Quijada was tlio scion of a noblo Andaluaian family, whereas the lawyer's clerk of Alarseilles was tho son of a pettifogging lawyer, and tho namo Quijada had boon only adopted by Dolores' mothor when sho wont to Alndrid. Sho found tho name in a volumo of Cervantes which sho opened at random. " Oh, I hnvo had a dreadful life, Louise. I havo -been surrounded by oriminals," oricd Aladamo Quijada after two or thrco littls glasses. " Don't talk of it, aunt," repeated her niece with a Sudden vehemence. "You ought to be wiser than to talk to me of tho past, knowing how much I liavo suffered — knowing that I shall never ceaso to sudor from that bitter memory, that tho very prosenco of that man in tho room stifles me. I cannot breathe when ho is near me. I feel as if I must fall upon -him and kill him as he killed " "Hash, hush !" oricd iier aunt, looking appre hensively towards tho door. " You aro rignt. Wo ouglit never to talk of the past. It is dan gerous, dangerous in every way. Heaven be -praised, wo liavo not heard of your brother -for six months. We may never hear of liim again." " Ah, I always dread him most -aftor an interval of absence. He will reappear as he has reappeared before — or if not we shall rend of some orimo that has beon committed in somo foreign city, and we shall -knew that- it- is -his work. -Ho has neither -heart nor conscience. Can I over forget, do you think, how he killed the man I idoliscd— the best and most generous of men ? Can I ever forget how ho used' my name — name for evermore hateful to mo — as a lure to draw that good, 'bravo man to his death ? And yet he dares to come into a room whero 'I -am— he dares to offer me his lmnd, red witii the stain of murder. " " You have no right to fix thai crime upon your brother," Ahulnmu Qnijnda exclaimed angrily. "Thoro is nothing to identify him witii tho murder, absolutely nothing. Your namo might be used liy anyone. Tho uufortiinnto man may -liavo talked about you, boasted of his couqnost in tho presonco of his servants— of somo French or Italian butlor -perhaps, -wh'o, boing in tho house, would know nil liis master's intended movements, nnd all about the money which was to oliango hands that 'day. Servants are ofton -agonts — conscious or unconscious — in crimes that mystify ovorybody. You liavo no right to associate Loon with -that crime." " I havo the right of my own conviction. I know as well that it was his hand' that struok the blow as if I-had boon standing by when tho murder was done. -I have no doubt about -the murderer. What I want to find out is tho identity of tlio murderer's accomplice— before God and mail as guilty as the murderer liimsolf. Who wa3 tho middle aged woman who mot Robort Hntrell in tho street, and asked him to go to Antoinette Morel's deathbed? Who was tho woman who used that luro ? Who was tho oldcrly 'Frenchwoman who changed the English hank notes on the Riviera? Can -you answer mo thoso questions, aunt, you . whoso broad I liavo oaten — the bitter bread of dcpcndanco— and whose slave I havo boon since illness loft mo unablo to grapple with the outside world 1 I havo beon afraid- to live anywhere olse — afraid to bo among othor pooplq, lest in somo moment of dark thought I should betray my brother. Ho is of my own blood, and I liavo sworn to myself never to give him lip to justice." " Give him up 1 " cried lier aunt, contemptu ously. "Why you have not ono Bhrcd of proof against him. Tlicro is nothing but your own brain sick fanoies to oonueot your brother with that Englishman's death. You urn toquec, child, about Robert Hatreil. Your poor brain lias never got over tho fever . that your siok fancies brought upou you ; and ono ought to lie patient with you, nnd lot you talk any silly non sense you like. Luokily foryour brother tho polico are not influenced by hysterical women, Thoy want facts, hard facts ; and thoro is not one fact to connect your brothor, Claudo Loon Morel, with tho orimo in Denmark-street." " Or you with tho mysterious accomplico," said Louise. " Perhaps not. Yot if that is so, why did you both ohnnge your names within a mouth of the murder V Why was I mado to change my namo from Alorcl to Alarcet, and to assumo my second baptismal namo in place of uiy first ?" "Your brother had mado himself notorious during tho Communo. Ho was uot included in tho amnesty, nnd ho could not return to France in his own name. Ho was supposed to hare beon shot with tho othars at Satory. His resurrection would have been dangerous." " Say that tho, faUe namo meant nothing ; but how do you acoount for tho suddon change from poverty to wealth? You and I wero living in an attic in a wretched dirty street in ono of tlio shabbiest, dreariost quarters of that great wilderness of brick, whero wo had takon refuge after tho troubles here. One day you dis- i appeared without tolling me whore you wero \going, leaving mo just a lino to say you wore going away upon business and might bs somo oimo away. You loft mo penniless, except for tI\o pittance I was able to cam by working for a Jewish tailoring houso, cruel work, which wore my lingers to thebonc. You iiad boon gono a week when I hoard some women in tho court whero I lived, talking of a murder. I could just under stand enough English thon to know what they woro italking about, but I listened hecdlossly enough until I heard tlio namo of Hntrell— not pronouiiced ns I pronounced it, yot a great horror 6,'imo over mo at tho thought that it might bo tho samo name. It was not ho who was murdared, I told myself. I was an idiot to bo so disturbed by fear, nnd yot I could not command myself or keep calm whilo I questioned tho women. '.Thoy couldn't toll mo who the mur dered man was — only that his name was Hntrell. They said if I wanted to know moro I had better buy a newspaper. I rushed out into the street liko a mpd woman, and it scorned to mo as if I should never find a shop whero thoy sold newspapers, though there wero hundreds of shops in tlio long ibusy streets. At last I found n tobacconist's whoro thoro were a lot of nows- papors stuck in a r:\clc against the doorway. I took threo of them.,, haphazard, ond gavo the shopkeeper the lasb threepence I hod in the world— tho penoo that woro to havo bought food for tlio day. I Lurried baok to my garret as fast as my foot would carry mo. I thought moro than onoo that I sihould fall down in tho street, for my knoes seemed to givo way under mo. I would not trust .myself to look at tho papers till I was safo in my own hole, like a wounded animal ; and then J bolted my door and sat down upon tho baro boards and unfolded ono of the newspapers." "Why go over all this old ground, Louise? A littlo while ago yon reproached me for dwelling on tho past ; and now you are harping upon old sores. You havo told mo tho story often enough." Louise had begun to paoo tho room in an agitated manner as bIio talked, while Aladame Quijada sank deeper into hor luxurious arm chair, and sat there looking up at her nieco witli an awo stricken countenance, as if sho had been Nemesis. Timo was wliou sk'.e would havo put down all such speech ns this , with a high hand; but the growing habit of brandy and chloral had weakened her energies. She, who once held so firm a mastery ovor daughter and niece, was now powerless to control oithcr. " I will talk of theso things. You hnvo kopt mo long enough in miserable silence and sub mission. I havo boon your druilgc— not because I feared you, or valued tlio homo you have given me — but becaiiso I cure nothing for my life, nnd would as soon bo a servant us an empress. But there aro times when tho memory of tlio past is too strong for me. I. want you to know what I suffered whilo I wns alono in that garret. The room comes back to ino in my dreams some times witli a hideous reality, and I fancy I am sitting there in the hot summer afternoon, stitching, stitching in hopeless monotony, as if I wore a human machine. I must talk of that hideous past. It is in my mind always ;.it is a part of me." Sho walked to and fro in silonco for a few minutes, and thon went on recalling hor misery, stop by step. " Tho first newspaper that I opened was full of the Denmark-street murder — and the Den- mark-strcot murder was tho murder of Robert Hairoll. I couid read English muck hotter than I could speak it, and there wns not one word of the witnesses that escaped mo. I saw my own naine, and understood that it was the name of his poor Antoinette which had lured him to tho Bhambles in which he was to bo killed. And then I know that tho murderor was my brother — my brother, whoso face I had not seen since the first few weeks after wo came to London. X know that the protended watchmaker in Den- mark-strcot was my brother, and that tho woman who asked Robert Hatrell to go to the deathbed of a girl called Antoinette must be you, and only you. And I knew that beeauso Robert Hatrell had once been kind to me, and loved mo a little, perhaps, in spite of the differ ence in our stations, because of thoso few happy days of my girlhood, he had been trapped and murdored. It was not till afterwards that I read about the changing of the notes on tho Riviera ; but when I did I knew well enough that the grey-haired Frenchwoman was you. I knew your shifty tricks well enough in tho past to know that you would havo no difficulty in disguising yourself and aping tho manners of a woman of quality. 'That was months afterwards, when I was woll enough to leove the French hospital, whero X was carried raving mad with brain fever after starving in my garret for nearly a week, trying to work from daybreak till dark, and spending sleepless nights of agony. But for tho refuge that blessed institution afforded mo I must havo died of hunger in my garret, or been turned out of doors to die in the street. My landlord was a cab driver, and he bad the humanity to put ma into his cab, burnt, up with fever and delirious as I was, and drive mo to the hospital, whoro ho told them my story." " I sent you money as soon as I had settled at Madrid, where I went in tho hope of getting help from an old friend." "Yes, your letter telling mo to go to Madrid and enclosing tho money ior tho journey arrived after I had gone to the hospital. The letter was given me when I recovered my senses, and when I was able to travel I sot out for Spain. In Madrid I found you established in vory different quarters to our garret in the Minorics. Your old friend had been very generous to you. You who had been nearly starving in London wore able to mako a very good figure in Madrid, able to send your daughter to a conventscliool, you whowere living on bread and water beforo Robert Hatrell was murdered. Do you suppose I ever doubted where your money came from? I knew from the beginning that it waa tho price of blood. You called me mad when I refused to eat or drink with you while your prosperity lasted. You laughed at mo because I preferred a crust of bread in my garret to your dainty faro. When your money was gone and you were again reduced to poverty my mind was easier, I could better bear to live with you, and then I grow fond of Dolores — sho at least was innocent of all evil — and so I learned to bear the life." " You ore a fool," muttered Madame Quijada, hastily. "I have heard all this rodomontade of yours so often that I never think it worth my whilo to arguo with you. Just give mo your arm to help mo to my room, before Dolores and her husband come home from the theatre. Theso rheumatic knees of mino will hardly carry me upstairs without assistance. You are a fool, Louise. You might be a milli ner's drudge, toiling among a lot of otherdrudges at this day if it wore not for your cousin Dolores and me." " I might havo been lying at the bottom of the Seine long ago if it were not for Dolores," answered Louise, gloomily. " Her love has been the only bond that held me to life." ((To be Continued .) 