' ? . ? ? . \ r ,. . - ? . - A Marriage #f Vengeance, Bast week I was at tk& of&ces; of a Dis charged Prisoners' Aid JSocietrjr, whiten, -among other applicants, was one wiiam I ' will call Joist Look- He was still a y©ang man- Ms aare beWaot more tlaan thiee-i and-thixty, and he had been convicted of the radons ofEerice of attempting to poison M& wife, and eendemned to ten years' penal servitude. He was certificated as « Well educated,' and in prison lie had earned all that was possible in the way -of good-conduct money. He was willing to undertake any kind, of work by which, he might get an honest Jiving, and he was told to call again on the following Satur day. On that day I chanced to look in at the. office again, and shortly afterward John Iiock appeared. He was much altered, and looked as though he had been much frightened. Recognising the secretary at his desk, he hastily remarked, « I beg your pardon, sir. I can't take a job in London. I wish to be sent away, if you please.' ' To be sent where P' * Anywhere,' answered John Look desperately, * so that it is far enough, far away as the bit of money due to me will pay passage to* I don't Vrant any other clothes, sir j these I have .^a will do. I only want to get away,' * To get away from whom ?' * From my wife, sir. She might have been dead for all that I knew to the contrary, but she came on me in the street sudden as a ghost not two hours since, and she has opened oay eyes. I wouldn't have believed that a woman could have so much of the devil in her.* ' TJie fact is,' remarked the secretary, ' you have been looking for your wife and have found her, and you wish her to live With you again and she refuses.' *LIve with her again!'- the man exclaimed with horror. . «What! after all she. 3iai revealed to me P Good Lord, no! r'sEall kill her if I remain where she can put herself is my way. She is mad, I believe, though she does not look or speak like it. She wishes me to kill her. She swears that she will haunt and harass me until I do it, so that I shall end my life on the gallows. And so it will be, 1 feel sure and certain of it, if I am not able to put the wide sea between us, so that we cannot come together again. For the good Lord's Bake, gentlemen!' and he clasped his hands together and spoke as beseechingly as a man begging for his life, * don't refuse me what I am asking.1 There were no more prisoners to be attended to at the office that morning, and I believe, more to gratify me than he himself felt particularly curious in the matter, Mr. Secretary re marked, «? You will have first to make out that yours is a case for exceptional treat ment. To what do you attribute your wife's Ibitter resentf ulness ?' * I think she must be .mad, gentlemen,' returned John Lock. . Then, after a few moments of pondering i whether he should speak out j and, if so, to what extent, he promptly resolved to tell the whole story. *I camnot account; for it in any other way $ but if you will \ kindly have patience to listen to me you will be able to judge for yourselves. * I will be as brief as I caa, but I must go back to the time when we were both single, and when she — my wife, I meai* — was sweetheartihg with a fellow-clerk of mine in the same office ; a young fellow named T^plow, and we were much of an age. Caroline Speed was my wife's maiden name, and we were all, three 'members of the — ^Me- chanics' Institute, and that is how we made acquaintance. I was in love With Carry from the first time I saw her. I am not of » very bold disposition, and I kept my feelings to myself for a long time, and until I thought that I might speak j and, when I did, she laughed in a disdainful gort of way, and said that she must jjef er me to Seth Taplow, my fellow-clerk. J. never for a moment dreamt that there was anything between them, but when I asked Taplow he informed me otherwise, They |iad been keeping company in a quiet way, he told me, for six months or more, and it was settled that . they 'should get married as Boon as he had saved money to make a decent home for her. He was getting only £80 a year, and my salary was £120, and feeling, perhaps, a little spiteful at what he told me I remarked, *« I jaope you are in no hurry, Seth. How long do you think it will take you to save enough to buy a decent home, when at the outside you can't put by more than, ten shillings' a week?' 'Well,' said he, ?« I .have let you into one secret, Jack, and I will tell you another. But you must pro mise to keep it dark, for ^ WOuld be. the sack at a moment's notice if it came to the governor's ears. I have been doing a bit of betting on horse races, and I've fceea. lucky at it. But you mustn't sup pose that I am such a fool as to believe in it as a means of increasing one's, income. I have won a few pounds already, and I mean to give them a chance to win me a little more at all events. But 'never no more' after we are married, I promise you that.' Well, gentlemen^' con tinued John Lock, moistening T~»r dry lips with his tongue-tip, and with anything but a nice look in his eyes, * knowing me only as what I appear as on your books,, you may not beUeve what I am going to eay. I admit that I felt the disappoint ment cruelly, and none the less, you may depend, because it was one whom I might call my bosom friend who had occasioned it. But - 1 felt more on account of the second secret Seth had confided* to j3ne. I said nothing about it to* him at '-? ihfi time,, but that same night I wrote him, V» letter, begging and imploxing him tgo abandon gambling, which would be sure, sooner ox later, to end in IiSr ruin. Nor ' did I think it my duly to keep the . Jioxse-' , jaettiaig eecret quite so close as I had pro \- mused to* I went frank and disinterested ;? 1»3£$bs: Speed, and %!&; -'Iker about Ik, :. :£- showed li«r the letter Seta had sent me in xeply to miae, *:ad in wMeh, he said it was too late for me to preach for that week, anyhow, as he had put £5 on a horse iosr the St. Leges aad hoped to win £Sftby it. . I -pointed out to her the risk she was arunning in marrying such a man. She always was quick-tempered. I was cowardly* /Sleazy and the. zest e£ it, ' and she woald tell Setit that I had te ' tcayed Mm. * Tfeafc was too muck lor any patiencej &&jk; I told Her that the informa * iSxm-l %&3\. jptTek Jter -w^ts in fHendHness -to}* '-^ffKiffla^wR;,. a.pct 1fea& if she tried to make ili-iio^ ls«*w«eitt*Hie;a5id Seth, worse , ^D^a^»^ka^mttS.^BB^i^ geshaps come of ifc '' S£*s9*&3be]»& a'fMS. tongafe. Bnt woltee -,«p»« yf i* Sor *ll that. Seth/s luck at -*? ?..???-.. , ??:?..:?:??:.?:? ? ? ! betting took a bad turn, as; he himself told ,. me, and he lost more than h& had won, '. and he was strongly temptecl Ho a crime T ; feel sure he would not otherwise have coin- ; 'mitted or evert thought of. Three &««--. .: pound notes, the property of the firm, were : -missing fjro&a; say desk. It was ©£ ? eoujse .a . ?rery serious 'thing for me/ '. and- 1 had to do all I could to clear myself from suspicion. . J suspected no one, and least of all Seth j but when I was closely questioned by the principal as to what I knew of the habits of my f ellow-clerk, I was compelled to tell the truth, and mentioned what I knew about Taylor betting on horse races and his having lost money lately. He was ques tioned, and the result was that a police officer was called in, and on a search being made the stolen notes were discovered in Seth Taylor*s cigar case, and he was tried for the robbery, and sent to prison for eighteen months. I was very near getting discharged for not making the firm aware that Seth was engaged in gambling, but, fortunately, the letter in which I had begged him to break off from the danger ous habit was found, and that, of course, was in my favor. Seth, of course, declared that he was innoeent, and went so far as to declare that somebody who had a private spite against him had placed the. notes where they were discovered, and Carry Speed, who volunteered as a witness, related in court what transpired at the : private interview I had with her, and Jiow I threatened that, if she made known to Seth what I had told her, ' worse would , happen to him,' But the judge said that it was monstrous to endeavor to put a false ; complexion on a perfectly innocent remark ;, made by an intimate friend of the prisoner, I and one who, as shown by the letter | already mentioned; had proved himself to J be a good adviser. But it didn't matter ' much about Taylor's sentence being such a severe one. He fretted himself to death. in prison, and only lived five months after his conviction. ' I had not seen Carry Speed once during' the whole of that five months. I had no animosity against her., but I did not care to meet her again after the base insinuations she made against me at the trial. But, to. my surprise, shortly after Seth Taylor's]1 death she wrote to me. It was all over; now, she said ; but her mind could- get no rest until she had begged my f orgivenesei for what she had done, since the longer site reflected on it the more she was convinced that she had misjudged me. There was a lot more, in her letter to the same eff ecjfc, and -with which I need not troubObe you. You will easily . understand that I was very much surprised and pleas e«d as well. I made it my business to see tier and tell her so. All my old love for her cain e back when we met, and she was no longjwr disdainful. I was beside myself almost with delight at the prospect of winning her after all. Of course I never dreamt -of such a thing after what had happened, and least of all did I dream of the horrible trap that was being laid for me. When, a few weeks after bur reconciliation, I asked her to be my wife, in the qudet way that now seemed natural to her, \s2xe accepted my offer and we were married,; ' She was not the fond and cheerful wife I expected to find her, but no woman could have been more patient and obe dient, oF* more devoted to my interests. A long lime before I had insured my life for three hundred pounds. Nothing would satisfy my wife but that I shonald insure her life as well, and for twice as much as my policy stood for, and I m.ade no objection. This was when we had been married not more than four months. A month after the insurance had been made her health was not so good as it had heen previously. She would be ill for a day or two, and be well again for, perhapst, a week, and then she would relapse. We lived in apartments, and had no servant, and when she was ill I waited on her, and never made a trouble of it, for if ever a 3tnan loved a woman I loved her. She gradually grew to be more frequently unwell, and the doctor we called in seemed puzzled to make out what was the matter with iLer. A gixl who was employed by our landlady came in at odd times and gave her iier medicine, and prepared anything she f aneied in the way of food. The landlady was paid extra for this, but she gave the servant-girl no more than her ordinary wageSy so that what the latter did was; not done very willingly j and one day my wife asked me if X thought it possible that the girl could be wicked enough to tamper with her food, out of spite. She had had some broth that day, she said, and she thought it tasted strangely. I ridiculed the id^a as a sick woman's fancy^ but that same after noon I was fetched in a hurry fronx the office, the messenger bringing me the startling news that my wife was very ill — near dyings in f actn— and that: the maid-servant had been given into custody on suspicion of having poisoned her. When I reached home I found such %o be the case. It appeared that during the morn ing the girl had prepared my wife pome arrowroot: from &, paeket, I myself had bought the day previously^ and. she* was immediately afterward— before she had emptied the cup, indeed— taken with such violent pains that the doctor was sent for, and t© him my wife mentioned her suspicions of the, servant The. dactarjex. amieed the remains of the arrowroot in the cup, and thereby discovered suchample-giGof of guilt, that the girl was at once arrested. I felt so furious against her that I ooirld have killed her. As I have already told you,vI Soved my Tsiffe sirteerelji fand iSrould i , have suffered death almost to have, saved her from harm. Happily the - prompt ; remedy n that was, adopted averted*' the \ thaeeateoiag diangeij, and thatBame evjestiog sfce wasaMe to »e;^^.3te^^:to-J&^'.^n:«B-: tibning of the police inspector ~''w£-- r^isi^d us*. I was at the bedside the whole iame^ and heard all that was said as to the strange taste my wife had for some time past detected in thofood Siegiilhad given her. The inspector wished tb see the cupboard in which the food was kept, and moved several ajcticifes from the shelves himself, . aaudt toak possession of ^hesu As I have told ^o*rw« occupied only two rooms, and the cwpboaord was in the stating room. We weiis^aifeae there, examining1 ^b.e things in t|ie^Bf-- board^ wheaa he isuddealy turned! --^^e with «ce qtresiion^-** Do- you yours^flf. ^afex kee^ poison in tfre hou&e;?* I replied I^at 'I never/did. «'lfXke£»tanya'lsaidJL, *«you mEy depend that I should keep ib safely Ipe^b/ed aw^ay,' ** To be sure you would, and yo4* w^ould keep the keys safe in your p,o.ie|ket. ;Are they t3iere now ?' m ^C at once P3dc^a.ucedaiiy little ^unch of privaise keys, , ani'd.-sfeeld 3iim that ^hiey w^ere never otrt of v&y.; own. possession. He took them in his k*i**d. ^?Sbn^*e-^iaTm^,^^uid1ii5'5^ibut I -i'Kave a ^ajsticular- ?wish ~ko~ ha*v« a p-sep inside any' draw or box. they tsxII .iininnTr. Mapm yj^u-any -objection f' 'yi^ho would not have had an objection ? I aa'yanced to ^snateii -ray keys from him and demand 3iis authority £or taking such a liberty. But heiixid come all ^prepared. 1'jiking-out Mb pocket-book, he showed me a. search-warrant. I had raised my voice fixigrily, and eo, as I supposed, alarmed ifl.y ~wi3e in the .next xo@m. She had 1 hastily slipped on a dressing-gowJi, and -£a/me .ia. to where we were. She was as 'K-Mie as paper, but ^calm -enough. I was :not. I was trembling with rage and in ?Dlig-nation. I explained to my wife w^Kat in; -was the police inspector wished to do. **; Well, where is ifo& harm ?' said she xnjxocently, *' There can. be aiothing, my -j[.ear, that you wish to eonceaJ, or that you irieed be afraid ;of.' I could say no jfliore. There -were only three things that Were locked in the room — the two drawers of a writing table, and a ?desk that stood on a sideboard. The desk ^contained only a few private papers, in cluding the two ?: insurance policies, and it was weeks since -, I had opened it. That was the first thing the inspector unlocked, ray wife and myself looking on. In one corner there was a small linen bag, half full, which I had ixever seen before, and in my wonderment I made some exclamation and put my hand toward it. But the inspector was too quick for me. Having secured it he put his finger and thumb into the bag and took out a pinch of the stuff it contained, and held it up to the light. ' It is salt, isn't it?' my wife remarked. ' The same kind of salt ma'am, that your arrow root was seasoned with, if I am not mis taken,' the inspector answered, as he care fully tied up the bag again — *? this is arse nic.' ? Hearing this vny wife shrank from me with a look of horror/! and without a word went back to the bed-room, while I, feeling stunned or like one in a dream, was taken away to the police station. * I have already tried your patience, gen tlemen, with my loag story, and I will not trouble you with the terrible details of what followed. I -was committed for trial for the attempted murder. It was shown that with my small salary I had insured my wife's life for six hundred pounds, and the doctor was called to prove that within a month the symptoms, which were consis tent with slow poisoning, began to appear. It was shown that the packet of arrowroot in the cupboard and the beef-tea essence, which were intended for my wife's exclusive use, were already poisoned, and I could not deny my own declaration to the police inspec tor that the keys of the desk where the little bag of arsenic was discovered were never out of my possession. You may be sure that the prosecution did not fail to point out now much, my guilt was increased by the cunning attempt to put the crime on the innocent servant girl, and -the end of it was that I was sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. * As I have already informed you^ I never from the time of my conviction re ceived any communication from my wife, which of course added much to the bitter ness of my cruel punishment, since it put it beyond doubt that she too believed me guilty, and scores of times I prayed that I might soon die in prison, like Seth Taplow. But my consciousness of innocence sup ported me, and I lived through it. And now comes the most terrible part of my strange tale. I never . thought to see my -wife again, but on my way here this morning I met with her. I did not know her at first, she looked so old and altered. It was a joyful moment when I beheld her, and I put out both my hands, but she clasped hers behind her, and there was a relentless hatred in her eyes. ec Good God V* I said, « can it be that you have all along and still think me guilty ?' There was no wasting of words between us. ' With no one to overhear us,' she said, ' listen to what|I have come on purpose to tell you. I know of no guilt of yours but one — your murder of the man I loved. It was for that I -married you, that I might be well revenged.' And then she told me how she herself had planned the poisoning for which I had been tried and convicted. It was she who procured the arsenic, and with a false key placed it in the desk where it was found ; she who had, mixed 'the poison with the food. To carry out her fiendish design she had taken small doses of the deadly stun3, and .finally a larger though not a fatal dose, so as to make it abundantly clear that it was my villainous intention to murder her so as to obtain the insurance money. 'And still with no one to overhear us/' said she, ?' let me tell you that it was not that you might be sentenced for a paltry ten years that I ran the deadly risk. I hoped you would have been sent away for twice as long— for your life, perhaps. But I have not done, with you yet, John. Lock. To be rid of me you will have to ! Mil me. I will goad you to it, and die happy, knowing that you will end your life on the gallows*' I have no.thing to add to John Lock's strange story, and the reader is as well able as myself to judge if there was any Jnruth in . it, or whether it was a romantic fabrication bav the ex-convict's part to ex c&© sympathy. Inquiry, I believ% was made for his wife, but she had been lost sight of for years, and was nowhere to be. foiled;, while as. for John himself , at his most earnest request, and to the last per sisirag in the statement he had made, he wate „ shipped to America. — *' Qhe of ?pmg : Gfiowu. '(Londoh Bah.y Teusgbaph.) 