Mutton Bboth.—Two pounds of neck of mutton, cut uji small; add a quart of boiling water; let it gently simmer for an hour; strain, and put in a pan for use. . • .. Monxi 1'j.BASANT Cake.—Two and half cups of sugar, five cups of flour, one cup Of butter, one cup of sour milk, one teaspoonful of yeast powder, four egigs. Mace, citron, and currants to taste.' -.; - Muirbu - Bnoui, wiir.N KwiunrEn STltONGKIl TOR AN lNTAl.ro on Dei.icate eHiii).—Three pounds of neck of mutton, cut up small; half a teaspoonful of salt; one pint of cold water: sfew gently three hours; strain, and it will be fit for use. . Lady Caih;.—One pound of flonr, five eggs, one pound of • sugar, tumblerful of milk, !ialf a pound of butter, a- teaspoonful of soda, juice and rind of a lemon, and twelve lutter almonds, blanched and pounded. Bate it thin, in three small sheets. - Bio: AKi'AST Cajjek.—One and a half cups of Indian meal, one and a half cups of flour, half a cup of sugar, butter, r. teaspoonful of soda, milk, one egg; 6tir cream of tartar ' the flour and disswve the soda in a little cold water; mix all this ipiite soft with milk; bake in shallow pans. To be eaten hot with butter. \- -.--V'. Ghosted Akpmss:—Select"tart good-sized, apples. Core arid peel them. Steam until soft, tlien set away to cool; For cie platefn\ tW-wlwtes .of eggs . : to a stiff frotll -Wlt})l " fOUr Xaljlcsipo'onJulB -Tol;.- Bug ox Cover the apples with the frosting ami serve vi-'iy co!d. • • . JIacaboni Souj".—Take four ounces of macaroni,. .-break into small -pieces; ; - ; !nid siimiscr all gently for a quarter of. an hour in one pint of water.; -then add a piece of "butter the size of- a small nutmeg, pepper, salt, and one arid a half-pints of :stoclr.- A teaspoonful of chopped- parsley or dried herbs can be added ior flavouring." Simmer anotiier half hour and serve. Ribbon Cake.—Two cups of sugar, two and one-half cups of flour, one cup of butter, one cup milt or water, four eggs, two tea spoonfuls of bating powder or its equivalent. Divide in three parts; to one part add one cup of jaisins, one cup of currants, spice to taste. Bate in jelly pans, put the part with fruit between the other layers, and spread, jelly or icing., between each. Icing the top mates apretty finish. VrnGiKiA Cor.N Bread.—Break into a bowl two eggs, adding a teaspoonful of soda, and twice as much salt. Beat well. Stir into this mixture a pint of sour milt or buttermilk, then add a pint of corn meal and stir to a smooth batter. Put into a small bating pan a piece of lard about the size of an egg; heat it to a frying heat on the top of the stove, pour in.tlic batter, place the panin the ovenand bate quietly. es Scotch of Oaten.—-A bated pudding made of the following ingredients is very.good: —A breakfast cup of oaten, a quart of milk, sugar or syrup to taste, and two eggs can be added if preferred, hut it is excellent without this addition. Bate in a moderate oven for one hour. Youngsters eat_ it ravenously, and for adults there is nothing superior to it. As a supper for;aged people it stands unequalled. Tate a cup of oaten, quart of "milt or water, simmer for one hour, and add a little milt; and sweeten to taste. This is sufficient to mate two good basins of oaten gnie!. Aged folks will find this a light, wholesome, delicious, and comforting supper on cold winter evenings. As a substitute for barley in. Vegetable broth, Scotch oaten is very superior to the former. Oat Floor Biaso Mange.—One cup of oat flour measured before sifting, three of boiling water, one-cup of cold water. Mix the flour to a smooth paste with Hie cold water and stir into the boiling water, arid boil three hours. Pour into moulds wliicli liave lieeri. fiippad :iiito cold water. Serve witlv cream and. sugar, or it is especially iuce:TOtii whipped cream. G-baktoated Bahley P.ctdding.—Soat two cups of granulated barley iu two cups of water over night. Peel, . core, arid quarter six or eight large apples; Drain tlie barle.y arid:spread it on a naptin, piit the apple*in tlie centre.gather up the cloth: carefully, and. tie closely.' tut into boiling water, arid "boil an hour and a" half.. Serve with cream and sugar or other sauce. Rice and milt, with dates, raisins; or figs,' and G rab am biscuits, make an exceBerit meal for brain, workers." Heavy dinners of meat, gravy, and highly seasoned dishes are not suitable for those who have literary work to do. Rice and fruit," liominy or wheat 1 liifenl pudding or porridge, with bananas, oranges; grapes, or other fruit, leave no dull after-effects on the''brain,-incapacitating it for several liours after eating, as does a mixed diet. ' Devilled Pig's FeeIf—The feet should be piekled and boiled in the usual way. Take them up, and while tliej' '.are" still warm split tliem-lengthways, and slip' out: the bones ; when they are'required spread, theni . on each side with a devil mixture, arid broil them in n gridiron before a clear tiro. For t.lie devil, mix together on a plate, a tablespoonful of salad; oil, a little mustard, .a 'teaSpoonful, of.: curry' powder,. and a little Worcester sauce, salt and pepper," arid. tlie. squeeze of a lemon. Another way is to mix a pinch of cayenne • and 'a. s'altspoonful of fresl)ly:£rpunil' coarse white or black pepper together on a plaie with fresh butter.; cover the feet with' this and broil. The latter is preferable for kidneys. .-'J-';;'V.-'-.: ','t/; ••'..CAiniS.—Pe^ sonie of you readers, may like' to try these cakes, which I know are very nice. Two cups of sugar, three-quarters of a- cup of buttter, one egg, One. cup of good sour cream, ivith one teaspoonful of soda. Beat well together the sugar, butter, and egg, then add . cream witlr- soda in it .;- to this;add sufiicient flour to mate a nice soft dough, roll thin, cut any shape you lite. Sprinkle granulated sugir over tliein before placing in tlie oven. -This "adds- iriucli . to the-loot after they are baked. Bake lightly. Fittrix Cake.—Put a pound and a half of butter into a good sizgd-bowlj and with the hand beat it to a .creairi;'with it the w%ites^bf. : ;ei'ghi:fresii;-.egg3V^ froth, and nf terwards the volts well beaten, arid "add a dessertspoonful of salt, a-pound of pow deied sugar, apound and a ialf of flour, two pounds of currants (washed, f stopsflialfanravmee o£mixed spices,'Scon-, sistliiff oflmtmeg, cinnamon,^nd^oJlspi^ all pounded to"a, powder,dialf a -pouna of almonds, blanched-andL-pounded, the^ndof four oiatigcs rubbed upon three or four, lumps of sugar and powdered Add each ingredient separately,- iind-beat it well in before adding another.'A:'glassful ofbiandy may he stirred in if liked If tins (ate is to be light,-'it should be beaten fully three-quarters of an hour, tine the tin ^dtlidouble:folds : S iate oven Put twelve folds of paper under the cake, and four or ih e on the top" ofit; to-prevent it burmng.- 'Time tO 'balce, three hours if-made in-one :cate:; one liour and a lialf each if-made into t\vo Babxd Milk —Bated milt is an admirable food for consumptives and for many invalids Pat a quart of fresh milt into a stone jar; cover with writing paper, tied, down Leave in a modeiately hot oven eigbt or tenhours,tillltias- theconsistency of cream It is very nourishing, UKEEBMEKTEBTfiM —Put one lialf a pound of-stoned raisins into an earth eni teapot Add tlie peel, thinly pared, of a! -lemon, and the fruit-also after removing all 1 - the white \coatiiig.'ana .the seeds, .',1'bur o^ei laisws and lemon tluee pints foiling stove for .several houis Dunli cold •ffuSE babbit—Take half a pound o£ good cliee e Put -two oimces 1 ' of butler; into a saucepan and lieat it, add tlie ab chee , e and stir till melted TJien add? mu tail urn envhup prp] el to ta^tL Serve on-Sell hutteied toa t, snap hot Tig- PudeovG —Mi\ bio'-nn bread crumb ] sOTtMigSicutvfine^nd'mijittlejsujgaiy'jani half a,pound of- i\g " two teacups ofi poured overwhen^t is readyjto put tlie even Covei withta plate,.and" 1 a 