.Jl THE.KING'OF aNiVKES. ' v. - (AN OtD offioeits 8toby). I've seen a good many strango things in my time, but the strangest thing.l.oyersttw was up iiu the north of India about two years after I: jflrat ..went out ; and it,was so remarkable m everyway that.I would never , havo, believed it iM hadnt seen it myself,,. . ,v j ./An ail your ir.ivcis III xuuiu, nave you jbeen at a place called Jubalpur or Juubulporo, jjuat about midway .acroos from /Bombay to iCiilcutta ? Well, then, you must remember tho ! military cantonment wluch lies just.on the odgo of(tho great puun that stretches :aii .tno way .from tho native town to the foot of the citadel Irock. That's where I- .was -quartered at the time, ! and thnt's .where the thing happenod that I'm 'going to tellyou about. ; Just then l-wns very much taken up with ' finding out all I could about serpent charming ; for. since I came out to India, I hud heard >b 'much .of it, aud seen eo, little (tlio few .perfonn- ijuiices that I liad seen; being very poor- affairs ; indeed), that I tliought of nothing else day aud :night. /So you may. think, how pleased I /was %\lien, about a week after wo got to Jubbulpore, poor Charlie Delamere (who was killed, two vears later in one of > the 'battles; of the. Sikh- \Var) came bursting into my quarters one morning, calling out— 1 Now, Hick, old hoy, hero's a phanco for. !you. There's a serpeut. charmer. going to per- iform in the compound (coiirtvard),. and in'y 'fellow Lai I)a«s says lie's the best man they've got. iiithcwholo district.' ' Out 1 flow liko a rocket, and there, sure Enough, wus a tall, bony fellow in Hindu 'dress, sitting on the ground, with a big round basket in front of liim, out of which ho drew three or four cobra, tho deadliest snakes in all ! India. He took up two of them, one in each ilmnd, and lot them coil round and round his '.neck like a rope; and. thou lie took three more out of the basket, and began to play on a reed pipe, whereupon the three last snakps reared up oh end, and beg/in ;to sway them- Belvoa to and fro in time to the music./ " , Jiy this time, wliat with ourselves find what with our nativo s'eryanta, as well , as tho hangers on. of they cantonment, there was a pretty big crowd gathered round . him ; and wo were ad staring as hard as we could, .when suddenly tlio dancing snakes stopped short, nnd the others that were wrifrf?lm«? about hia neck and wrists stoodos still as if they wcro Ituracd to stone, , The conjurer looked black as night, and blew away harder than over ; but to all appearance ho might have blown till Iisb teeth fell . out, for .the. snakes . never budged. All at A onco a sort of whistle was . heard from . the crowd,; . and instantly the snakes dropped : off the 'conjurer's body, and ran straight towards /.the . throng of j)coplc, nnd tho dancing shakes ran. after them. Ajs you may tliink, the crowd, scattered in all directions when tlioy saw; these deadly creatures coming right at them ; and one man— the only one who didn't run away was left standing by himself iii' the' middle of the ' courtyard . . -/ . Now, there whb nothing out of the way in this man's appearance. , lie was simply a small, inbagrc, very dark nativo, iu ordinary Eastern dress. But, the mo.neut I sot eyes on .him, I felt .something as. like' downright fear, as a soldier would care to confess ; and so, apparently, did( the snakes themselves.; for wlion, they, came up close : to him ..(which they did, as I could iiot help fdncyiiig, inore as if mastered by somo over whelming force than 1 of their own .frco vill), .tliey stoppod short sud-/ donly, and lay "outstretched/, in the dust, us though dead or; dying. . Uid.as.if that wasn't enough, / tho old serpent charmer himself came, crawling along after liis snakes',' and, crouchiug. before this unknown man, .whined imploringly 1 Mercy, mercy, Rajah. Nagori!' (King of Shakes). ' King of Snakes!', .muttered our senior, captain; there was-a fellow of that hamo who did wonderful tlungs , when J was, at Nagpur three .years', ago," and this man's a good dealj like him. Can no,be the sfuno.?' v . He spoke so. low that even wo could only, just. hear.. him ; .but, to our utter amazement/!, tho, stranger .(who 'stood at least ! twenty yards away) instantly . answered, in perfectly good' 1 am that man, and what I did then I "can"'. clo now. Here, tellow,1 he added, turning to .the serpent charmer; who was still cowering at his feet, .' tako u'p thy snakes aud be gone!' ; Tlio conjurer oboyed, seemingly very. glad to get away ; and I noticed that us he picked up tho snakes they, began .to 'wriggle violently, ns if life liad jiist como back to them. 4 Pooh ! it's all rubbish ! 9 ' wliispored Charlie jjolamorp to me. Tlio fellow can 110 moro do wonders tliaii T can ; it's only that lio's a littlo better, snake charmor than the other follow., , . Then tho mysterious man raised his head, and I saw his oyes for tho flrst;timo. I can't toll you what a turn'thoy-gavp me, and no wonder; for if ever I saw a serpent's eyes in a man's head, I saw; them then. They were small, and osgreon as emeralds ; and when lio -opened them fully. fthoy flashed and Bparklcd as if thoy were on firo. . If I do something which 'no ono else could .do, Capitaun Shaliib,' said ho, looking straight nt Delamere, ' will you believe that I can work wonders then?' ' , r Charlio looked rather queer, as well ho might ; for it Koemed impossible for any mortal ears, however quick, to hear at twenty yards' idistanco a whisper that I could barely catch when it was spoken right into my car. But he wasn't going to let himself be put down so easily, and'.ho answered— 4 If you could draw together into one place all, tlio snakes in that jungle behind us, , thon, perhaps, 1 might think something of your power.' 1 1 can do that, too,' said Rajali Nagon, not boastfully in tho least, but just as any man might state a well-known fact. "Wo rill looked at' each other, not' knowing quite what to say to this; and two or three of us wore beginning to laugh .(though I can tell you I wasn't one of them) when tho colonel .himself atruck in. . .... « ;- , 1 If you can do ns you say, Rajah Nngon,' cried he, 1 I'll gladly give you a hundred rupceB (T10) 'for tho job, for I'vo lo3ttwo!rabn , already bysnukes bites, and I don't want to lose any more.' . . 'To-morrow at sunriso it shall bo done,' answered tlio, Snake King, ns quietly as over ; and thon ho disupnenrecl into the crowd so suddonly that nobody could see where ho went, to, and. plenty of tho nativo servants word, ready to make oatli that ho liad vanished beforo their very eyes. : : , I can promise you we ; were all up early jiicxt morning ; :und .long before sunrise? every mau of our. moss was out 011. the plain m front of tlio cantonment, to seo wliat would happen,- But when wo got there, it .scorned as if tlio whole town linu turned out ; for the news of what was to.bodonohnd run through tho whole place, and , tho . story lost nothing in tho telling./ ; Just as the flrst.ray of sunshino sf reamed: along tho groat pluin, our friend the King of Snakes npjwi.irod in tho midst as suddenly as if ho hud risen tlirough the earth, which I've' 110 doubt tho natives fully beliovod that he had. Instantly tho whole crowd fell back, and left him standing alouo. Thou I10 fixed those torrible oyes of his upon tho edge of tlio j unglo, rind, . stretching out liis hands towards it, us if heckoniugsome ono to him, broke out into a- kind -.of chanting song. It was. tho wildest; weirdest, ghostliest kind of | sound that I oyer heard— and low aud dreary as tho moau ofa sick- child, and then again swelling up shrill and high, liko tho bhst of a Rtorm through a leafless forest. I can't say how it affected tho others, but I know it raudo tno tinglo from head to foot, and if I hadn't stopped my ears, I think I should havo eono mau, " Prosontly. wo saw a strango glistening all- nlong tho dark border of tho junglo, and then tho ground in front of it began to quiver and creep, as if it woro alive ; and when we looked closer, .tho wholo surfaco was mm nlmnt. nf crawling snakes of all colours and sizes— largo and Bmall jvonomous and non- venomous oliko- nll coming straight onward to where tho Serpent King stood alono in their midst, with out- strotchcd hands, ohuntmg his ghostly song. But hero, again, it seemed to mo thatthev camo onus ltdmwn by an irresiatiblo power, T ra" ,f.t;?lr ;v". "cuonl; nnd once or ., ?„l?US, )(tT0Ush may bavo been only my fancy), that I. could see soma of thom Btrufrglo to stop : short und turn back: to tho juiielo. . . ' .,'lt0gmh0r,,!TWa8.?"ylhi"K but a pleasant sight,, although I could not turn my eyes awny from ito, But tho coloncl viewed It m a very diltorent light, nnd lost no timo in sending out parties of nativo soldicis upon tlio flank/ of this sorpont nrmy. with Bwords, bill hookB. or heavy boraboo clubs. .. ' V -M n,dSTjho mMfe«0 began iu earnest. Kili, ; kijl. kill, thoy wont on tBi the ground was fairly paved with scaly bodies ; but fresh hosts came on every moment right ovor tho corpses of thoir comrades, without ever pausing or allowing anjr sign of fear. . And still Rajah Nngon'a weird song swelled higher snd higher, as it keoping timo to tho blows of tho dosteoy! ing clubs and swords. J Just then I saw Charlio Delamore at my shoulder, looking as whito as a ghost. ' I'li never moke fun of that fefiow'a power again,' whispered he. 'They say racing's bo- lieving, and I'd never havo bofioved t£is ff I hadn't scon it.' , -'T. . .At last the uproar of shouting and striMng , begun to dio away. No more sr.akcs wore seen coming out.of the jangle.. Those who had coma out ulroady.wero all killed, and our men camo biick qiiite tired . out. witli killing them: but wlieii we looked about for the Snako King him self lie wos gone. He never came buck to claim his promised reward, and l'rom tliut day (though I often hoard liis name , in different parti of India) . I never set eyes on him again. — CasneU'a Saturday. Journal. 