IT has been the proud boast of the colonists that, although they have acclimatised a good many animal and vegetable nuisances imported from the old world, they have carefully excluded the ghost. Colonial children are not scared out of their sleep by the terror of -supernatural beings, as their grandparents were in their child hood. Neither the ghost nor the fairy has been able to establish a footing on Australian soil. Nevertheless, human cre dulity abounds everywhere, and even here the lingering faith in magic is to be detected in some sections of the commu nity. The desire to pry into the future is perhaps natural to the human mind, and is only repressed by tire conviction resulting from general education that there is no possible means of gratifying the desire. But tho weak minded aud credulous are still to be reached by those who would trade upon their folly. The very fact that a number of people in Mel bourne get their living by pretending to tell fortunes is humiliating, but undeniable. It is true that even these impostors pay homage to the scientific spirit of the age by affecting to employ some scientific method of accomplishing their purpose, using the terms of science to express unscientific thought, but at bottom their appeal is to the belief in magic. There is reason for supposing that the fortune tellers of Melbourne do not limit their operations to extracting money from credulous servant girls in re turn for pretended revelations of the future. Some of thlem have superadded to that trade a kind of medical practice, thereby making moiiey, not only out of the love-sick, but out of those whose ailments aro of a more substantial character. It is true that the liquorice root and gentian which forms their usual stock in trado would do no great harm to the patients, who will suffer in purse rather than in person by the tneatment ; hut there is always a danger, anct one which is said to be often realised, that rthe practico of these people will assume a -particular form. In point of fact, they become procurers of abortion. In most cases they do nof suc ceed, and probably do not try to succeed, contenting themselves with fleecing the unfortunate creatures who place themselves in their power. In framing any amendment of the Medical Practutioners Statute, Par liament would do well to consider whether the latitude now giwen to persons with no medical knowledge whatever is not calcu lated to encourage criminal practices. It will always he difficult to draw the line between- the honest unqualified prac titioner and the roguish quack ; but it should certainly be drawn, so as to exclude those who make the practice of medicine an adjunct to the telling of fortunes. The remarkablo circumstance is that the fortune tellers here pursue their trade openly, --under the veiiy: noses of the police, and with, complete impunity. That they' do so is due: rather to the lax administration of t4e law than to the defects of the law itself. Harpies of the same class prey upou the ignorant and crcdulons in England just as they do here, but they, have to adopt many subterfuges to escape detection. The detectives are on the watch for them, and they are prosecuted as Toguos and vaga bonds' whenever a clear case can he made out. The law on tiie subject is the same here as it' is in England, and-yet nefarious practices are permitted which the English police would deem' it their duty to sup press. This is an anomaly which the Chief Secretary might properly he asked to explain. Tiie Act 5 George IV., cap. 88, which deals with the offence, lias not been repealed, so far as Viocoria is concerned, by any colonial statute, and must conse quently have as muchrvalidity in the eolony as it has in the motliar country. As show ing tho bearing of that law upon fortune telling, we may refer to a recent decision of the- English Supreme Court on a case under it. A person: issued an advertisement in-_ tho following terms : — " Wanted, " everyone to have their own nativity " cast. Yearly advice given, and astro- " logical questions answered. For terms, "send stamp , to Neptune£" &e-; A detective made application to the address, and received a paper;on "Astro- " logy," with an intimation that " nativi- " ties " wero cost from Ss. and upwards. Tho issuer of the advertisement was prose cuted before one of tho metropolitan magis trates, and convicted on proof of these facts, hut appealed. Whou the ease was argued in the Appellate Court, it was contended on the part of the defendant that there was no evidence of any prctonce or profession to tell the fortune of tho prosecutor, inasmuch as there was nothing told to him as being his fortune ; that the profession mado by the defendant in his circular was that ho could apply certain rules, which wero known to those who hod studied astrology, to the particular cases of individuals, and though this profession was coupled with an expression of opinion that such fixed rules were sound, and when properly applied would give an indication of Mhat was likely to happen, yet there was no pretence by the defendant that lie had auy mys terious personal power of divination such as might imposo on the credulity of tho superstitions, and that thero was no evidence of an intent to deccivo, since it had not been proven that the defen dant had not tho most implicit faith in the so-called science lie professed to employ. This ingenious argument had no weight with the eourt, Mr. Justice Dennian dis posing of the scientific pretension by saying that " no man nowadays could really " bolieve such things as the accused pro- " fessed and protended." The court upheld tho magistrates' decision, on the ground that it was criminal to profess to tell fortunes when tho profession was made with a view to impose upon and deceive any person. In view of this authoritative declaration of tho scope and intent of a law which is common to England and Victoria, thclocal authorities should be prepared to bring to book tho numerous impostors in Melbourno and suburbs who are poisoning the minds and emptying the pockets of a number of foolish girls. Tho law is intended for the protection of the weak in mind as well as for that of tho bodily feeble, and rogues aro not entitled to immunity because their victims are fools. In regard to the Murray River dispute, Sir Henry Parkes is clearly bent on playing the rile of Shylock. Ho imagines that he lias the strict letter of the law on his side, and no amount of remonstrance, not merely from onlookers in Victoria, but also from his own friends in New Soutli Wales, seems able to turn him fr0m the relentless resolve to have his pound of iiesh. He keeps reiterating tho old fusty legal formula which declared the watercourse of tho Murray as far as the eastern boundary of South Australia to be within the territory of New South Wales, and on this ground he doggedly persists in laying claim to supremo and undivided control of the stream. But Shylock came to grief through forgetting that his bond referred to solid flesh, and included not one drop of blood. So, Sir Henry will find assuredly, if the Portia of an unbiassed tribunal has ever to decide the point in dispute, that while a river bed may be interpreted in the sense of territoiy, the waters flowing over it do not come under the term. By a palpable, but readily explainable flaw in the enactment drawing the boundary between the two colonies, the river bed of the Murray is by strict legal interpretation part of the New South Wales territory. The obvious motive of this arrangement was simply to provide that there should he some form of jurisdiction on the river, and that wrong doers on the Murray should not be able to snap their fingers in the face of constituted authority on the plea that thoy came under the laws of neither colony. The division was a rough and ready one, drawn up and acquiesced in on both sides with out anyone dreaming for an instant that at a subsequent date the casuistry of strict legal interpretation would be em ployed to make the arrangement one of the most unfair and lop-sided that could well be imagined. However, few fair minded men will be found to allow that Sir Henry Parkes has oven the strict letter of the law on his side. The watercourse, which is to all intents and purposes fixed and tan gible, he may have a legal claim to, bnt as regards the waters, the much greater body of which come from the Victorian aud not from the New South Wales side, his pre tensions have no tittle of justification in law. The literature of the Murray question has of late been so voluminous that it is now almost a supererogatory task to descend once again at this hour of the day into the arena of detailed argument. No ouo knows better than Sir Ilenry Parkes himself that New South Wales has in the present, as she has had in the past, really little to do with the Murray as compared with Victoria and South Australia. The latter colonies have built np the trade of tho rivor,- cleared it from obstructions to navigation, and erected on its banks wharves and other conveniences. It is their marine boards who have exercised jurisdiction over the traffic aud decided the qualifications of the river uavigators. It is. in Victoria and South Aus tralia that the bulk of tho sailing plant on the stream is owned. What part in the development of this great commercial system has New South Wales played -that she should step in at the eleventh hour and sot up a claim to snpreme control ? It may be further asked how Sir Henry Parkes pro poses to keep this water property hocullshis own in control 1 He pretends that it is his legal right and boundan duty to conserve the stream for the purposes of navigation. In other words, he desires to out off from the irrigation colonies on the Victorian side their supplies of water. But are there not two distinct obligations in volved in such an assumption of duty 1 Sir Henry would deprive us of irrigation water iu a season of drought. Should he not then compensate us when damage is done in time of flood 1 The one obligation is most assuredly the logical complement of the other. However, Sir Henry Parkes wil fully shut his eyes to all logical argument. He is content to assert his so-called legal rights, but he refuses to see tiie legal obli gations such rights involve. Were his pre posterous claims granted they would clearly carry with them the obligation to supervise the sanitary arrangements of riverine towns in Victoria, so as to assure their not polluting the Murray waters. He would further have to prevent pilfering of water from any one of the Victorian affluents, Tho widening of an effluent in Victoria would necessarily have to be followed by a constabulary visitation from Sir Henry. Where is the machinery at his command to perform such tasks; where his niaudate in law or in common sense 1 It is thus by drawing his pretensions to their logical conclusion that their utter folly and prepostorousness are exposed. We have purposely associated this claim with the name of Sir Henry Parkes, for it is ho, and not the people of New South Wales, that lias recently once more brought it to the front. Of this fact we have a fnll and welcome assurance from a recent article in the Sydney Daily Telegraph. Our con temporary is as bluntly outspoken and as scathingly severe as auy Victorian journal could be. It concurs in the view that Sir Henry Parkes's letter regarding the appointmont of a New South AVales com missioner to assume the sole charge of the Murray was "aggressive, unfriendly "and anti-federal." It goes oh to speak of "the preposterous claim" and " tho ridiculous assortion " of sole owner ship. " ft is a claim," runs tho article, " which Victoria will never acquiesce in, " and which wo cannot expect or compel " her to submit to. It is one which should " never be put forward. No antique paper " documents can alter tho fact that the " Murray marks the boundary lino ho- " tween two co-equal colonics, and that " they each liave in regard to its waters " just and fair riparian rights to which " their positions respectively entitle them." The Sydney journal goes on to admit that even by the narrowest principles of legal construction — a viow it could never bo brought to take in such a matter — it is very doubtful whether the claim so gratuitously put forward by Sir Henry Parkes could be maintained in a cuurt of law ; nnd even were tho " monstrous " preten sions upheld by the courts on tho technical ground of express and;distinct enactment, thoy could never prove operative in actual practice, as nothing could keep Victorians from executing what works thoy might please on their own hank to allow water to Jlow into their own territory. Sir Henry is finally invoked to- got down from " the " absurd stilts" on which lie has perched himself with regard to the question, and to abandon a claim which is nothing more than " a fossilised relic from a past age," and ono that is positively " irritating and " insulting to Victoria." Wo cannot improve on tho abovo arguments, nor ou the vigor of the language in which thoy aro oxpressed, so wo shall simply leave tho New South Wales Premier to tho castigation of his friends. Wo may just indulge in the reflection, however, that the revival of this sorry dis pute is a striking commentary on tho sin cerity of Sir llcury Parkes's Federal profes sions. He spoke the other day in Mel bourno with the voice of Jacob, but tho hands he now stretches out are those of Esau. The whole trick is a "palpable one. Ho posed before the Empire as a fcde?a- lionist, ready to make any sacrifices in tho sacred cause, and by a few tricks 'of rhe toric lie succeeded in stirring up a sensa tion in England which, with a certain sec tion of the Home Press, odrned for him the title— a rather dubious one at the best — of " the Grand Old Man of Australia." But when tho ears of the world aro nob turned to hear, his stylo of oratory is very different. He has recently been running with tho fcdcrationist hounds ; now he would scamper side by side with the separatist iiare. He sees that, to save himself from defeat at tho forthcoming local elections, the support of the New South Wales provincialists is necessary. Hence this revival of a bogus intercolonial difficulty, hcnco this stirring up of paro chial jealousy and bad feeling which we had hoped the recent federation conference had sent to its long last sleep. The fact is clear, and the verdict at the bar of popular opinion will be unanimous, not merely in Victoria, but in the mother colony of New South Wales as well. The decision of the Full Court in regard to the long protracted legal proceedings arising out of tho frauds carried out by the bank clerk, Onyons, is of the utmost im portance to tho business community. The fact may just be recalled that Onyons abstracted from the National Bank, where lie was employed, debentures to the value of £32,000, and pledged them for £25,000 with the Australian Freehold Banking Cor poration. The former bank endeavored to recover its stolen property, on the ground that the other establishment had been guilty of negligence in taking over the purloiucd debentures without inquiry. The reply of tho defendant bank was that the debentures had got into its hands in tho ordinaiy course of business, and that it was the bond ficle holder for the value, of the. ad vances made. The jury who some months ago tried the case found that due pre cautions had not been taken by tiie Aus tralian Banking Corporation, and the Full Court yesterday interpreted the effect of this finding. At first blush wo would have expected the judgment to go against the party which had been declared to have shown undue want of care. However, the bull Court has decided that-even such care lessness and imprudence doesnotinvnlidate the title of the defendant hank to detain the debentures in dispute till the advances upon tlieiu are repaid. This title could only have ' been invalidated by the jury finding that the bank had been dishonest in wilfully shutting its eyes to known facts, or had shown a disiionest determination not to inquire lest inquiry should lead to knowledge. A little con sideration will reconcile this decision to the minds of most business men. The burden of carelessness clearly lay with the bank which allowed tho debentures to be abstracted, and not with tho establishment which maiie advances upon them. No doubt the fact of such heavy loans being asked for by a bank clerk drawing a small salary was one calculated to cause some surprise. At the same time, a ready explanation might have been supplied. Onyons might have been simply tho agent of a business man desirous of obtaining an advance on negotiable property in tho most Jt>rivate way possiblo. In such a caso bank espionage would have been impropor and uncalled for. The debentures were docu ments whose chief raison yCclre was that they might he transferred easily, and without formalities of signature and identi fication as to rights of property. Secure possession should obviously have been kept of such readily negotiable instruments, and tiie party who by want of due care lost possession is clearly the party who should suffer by the loss. 