POINTS. . E. Huitkq is golng.to sot np a kiosk in tha Botanio Gardens, where you will got buns and", coffee. How nioe. Go it Muling ; do it well . to avoid any paling. ; Powjsbs'b little bill for le'Bsenlng- law costs is < etiokiug somewhere. Wanted som'obody to > give it a shovo.' ' " " ' ' Tab separation proposals by tho Premior havo also- got into -a 'tut. '7' .'V- j MoDEtrv is a beooming virtuo wh6n. .ono happens to havo' blundered sadly, or blusterocl badly. Sokb : folks got up atornaJo last weok, audi were going to take the roof off some other-folks bald heads. But the angry staim has subsided,: and; Io I thora Is a great calm. - , It has even oomo to be recognised that thsre- <s an advantage in having a revising bracoh oC tho legislature. Sohb of tho good folk at home might swallow Parnell alone, bnt Faicnell and Mrs. O'Shea ia - loo stiff a dose., Collbotiro advertisements just now is nearly aa lively aa collecting acoonnts. Tub liveliest collectors' are the ibgathorers oE unregistered dags. Evkby unregistered brute ought to hao w tha'- he is free to bark at anybody's door or to bite anybody's cnlf. SrOHESMAN (of strikers'' oommittee, 60 yoarri hence): "We have deoided to go;out;on s'rike." Fresldont of Railroad Company: "Why, what is the trouble?" Spokpsman: "Well, -wo don't propose to work for a max who woars a oataway ooat before 12 o'alouk." Beia on Tuesday tinkled off lots of land,, arronnling in money to £1,734. Plethora foc tho Treasury. A roBTioN of the Supreme Court was blown down on Tuesday. Pane of glass. " Thb further hearing " of a oaso at tha Supreme Court is reported. Is there not a mistake thero ? It is said tbat the " hearing " pai t of it does not proceed. Bueee has two talented representatives. One ia an example of brimming lore ; tho othee of perverted intdleot. On Monday night when "no mora immi grants" was tho theme of Bayers and Barlotv,. of conrse Glsesey was on the job. G i.a85by has dropped into olover, and wante- none of those down- treddeu workers of tho old. world, whose onuso he used to ohampioD, to come here and share his good luok. Youn legislative labour leader has mostly a lot of kindly genorous feeling — for himself. Hh abhors tho wealth of other people,, whether it be earned easily or hardly ; but ha loves the legislator's sorew— light work and heavy pay. And he hasn't the ghost of an objeotionto purses of gold for Bpontings of Booialislla oratory. On ! he is a model of unselfish and unsordid patriotism. How happy everybody is now that tha- Upper Honso has raved the colony from por- nloions panto legislation. He of Fnoggera thinks there is too much,. Upper Chamber in the Assembly. In the Valuation and Rating Bill a little o£ tbe Uppor House has saved the Assembly from on egregious mistake. This is now admitted by almost everybody. Bat Mr. Drake ia ono af tho infallible whe never needs to change his mind. Thb Leader of the Opposition admitted yes terday tbat the V. and R. Bill was hurried through tho Assembly. Hubby would be unbecoming the decorous Upper Chamber, so in this case a lit-lo of that influenoo has bcou salutary on tho "othoc place." Oun Dcotor Points is indisposed to-day, and tbo boy is doing his work. Thb faot is tho good man got hie hair up-' yesterday when tho 2'elcyrnph came out. Hb saw that nearly all his "points" speoially made yoBterday had been orowdedonb by advertisements. It was all voiy well for auctioneers and others- to fill the fifth page wilh advertisements of their business, but who oarcs ? Thb pure merinos had a fiold night of it Inst night about tho Marsupial Bill. With Murphy at their head thoy obstructed, progress seemingly for nothing else except want of excitement. Musrmr spoke twelve times, and it was not until ho saw that members were beginning to loco their tempers that he thought it wise to. end ono of the most usoless debates even listened to in the Queensland Lsgislativo Assembly. Bhxy Litttb contributed bis quota, both In. set instalments ana at odd momenta with inter - jeotions euoh as " Can't follow you there, Bill," and "No, yon'ro wrong, Jaok, you're wrong." Pada the apostle of order rose with firoin hi» eye and indignation mantling over his olassia brow. Hb rolled np a oopy of the estimates, and with tbljjfor a baton he tried to coudnot the Hou'o while Blnging that beautiful song, " Oh, yes, Wo'ro All Pure Maxims,'' Jbssop had made his mind up for the fun, and he let Paul give bia personal history and the history of a good macyther men, tnolndiug.' Dr. Leiohhardt. Whin ho had done with Dr. Leiohhardt he began to desoribo " Leiohhardt's tree," and then ho started on a learned and eloquent dis sertation on the family troubles of sheep. The Government should oertaiuly send htm. to Germany so the most fitting person to- acquiro a knowledge of Dr. Kooh'e onto for consumption, after tho astounding display ot tbo hnowlcdge of miorobea made last night. 1 Hb was describing some of tho diseases from, which sheep suffer, and spoke of the baoteria- of tho worms with whioh thoy are infested. in kangaroo haunted distriots. The best of it all Is tbat Paul looks upon himeolf us a heaven-inspired orator, and her Bcnerally profaoca his remarks .with "Now,. Mr. Jecsop, this is very important for tho- country to know." Tnia way Mr. Jossop ont short the disoassiotBi at 12 o'clook by bounding out of the ohilr likn< a patent rubber hall was a pleasure to so. The joko of tho evening was when P.P. with virtuous indignation reproved Barooo's chosen lor wost'ng the time oi the oommittee. As Murphy put it, it was like hearing Satan. reproving sin. Odd Tbtjmtdby and Hay Sweetly were play ing euohro. " Do you know," he remarked, " that -whouover you hold the joker, youn- lover is tbiDkiug of you ?" Whenever, May - found the joker In her hand sho oould not help- blushing. Old Trumploy watohed hor faoo- Ho won most of the gamns. To-day, it is said, Orispl has bion returned) with an immense majority at hia baok. Ybstbuday it was said he hod a majority bl> one. Add one to an Immense majority, divida- by two, and you have the truth. 