An Ocean Tragedy. CHAPTER XXIY—continued: IHS BUEL. BY W. CLARK UUSSELL. I HAD never before been concernedma duel, and ill the matter of tlie strict etiquette of tins sort of encounter-was entirely at a loss liow to act. However, I liad always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so ruling a line atliwartships almost abreast of the mainmast, I made twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, measuring the interval a second time, and finding that it was very fairly twelve of my own paces.: The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft. -with -all their might. They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, - and they were not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to the spectacle- It was to be something of afar more wildly exciting sort than catching a shark," aye; or even may bo of seeing a man hung at a shii?s j'ardurm. It put a sort of sickness into Uie somehow to witness that swarm-of whiskered mahogany-cheeked faces,' all looking thirstily, expectation shaping every posture, with a knid of swimming of the whole body of them too in the" haze of heat into which Use yacht's jibboom went twisting 111 a manner to make the brain dizzy to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one lias examined the expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled m expectation of witnessnig human suffering- ••':'.' I stepped below/, Colonel Hope-Kenncdy sat bareheaded at the cabm table, supporting lus head on his right elbowarid drumming softly with the fingers of his left hand. I; approached him, and giving Mini bow, which he returned -with an air of great dignity—men are amazingly polite when arrangmg the terms of some cut-throat job—1 said, " It is my painful duty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once " " Not a moment need be lost so far as I am concerned," he answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon tliem- " My cousm requests me to state," I continued, "that you will consider lum as acting without a second equally .with yourself. My unhappy office will consist simply in givnig -the. signal to fire: I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough w-itli him to arrest liis resolution at this point " "It could not have prevailed with me," he exclaimed. "The madman's blow was needless. On what part of - the yacht do wo fight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. • "As therp are no seconds," he said, "1 presume we load for ourselves?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's suggestion," I ansne">d "Have you the pistols, sir?" "1 will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and tnocked and w allced in without waiting for him to tell me to enter. He was wilting in his diary; lie : instantly threw - down his pen and lumped from lis chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" lie asked. "Your pistols are identical, I believe?" said I. . "Exactly alike," lie answered. "ThenCo, onelHope-Kennedy'selioice," said I, "cannot furnish: hmi with any ad- ^ intage ovei j ou. by his choosing. I mean, with a soldier's experience • the preciser weapon!" "There, i not an atom of difierence betw een them," he exclaimed "Yonder's the case, Gluiles Take it, and lei the scoundrel choose fcr himself " • He could not have spoken more coolly had he been giving me the most commonplace mstiiic tions I lemeriber wondeung w hilst I looked at him and listened to him whether he actually realised his oaji intention ; yet I should ha\e known bettel than this.if only foi the meaning Ins face conveyed, and for a -note in his voice that nude every accent liaid and steady. He sdid. '' When you ai e i eady img tlieliandbell on thcititble j I will then 30111 you." . .'^But you will chaigp your own pistol," Sriid 1, - • 'bp I must return w ltli the w eapon altei the Colonel has made Ins choice " "No,"he exclaimed, "carry the case on deck jnd load foi me " "Yoiy veil," said Jj 1 1 at heart, and dexoutlyw' 1 t] a heavy black squall-woiil&S; e 1 nd „ down 011 tin. yacliKSas tJii j e gale of w 11 d and^delaj 1 1 c " business, foi tlio pic int, 1 to I we pistol-case alid-i'efmw a i t 0 e J)»l< 'VLnncdy Hi ill 1 1 gl I 1 'he fiieiiriiis, and fiai&pitli; aiamt mile ' Jii'\ in. m dog .lit 3n ce 1 c hnlii'i i.ill do foi i,iC." "Wiiljou load tin deel o " "Hero, if you peases? ilai Ltd 0111 «fiith ] it in his hand, toying a moment or two •with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, J fitting the cap to the nipple -with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then returned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one he had handled very well, asit lay against the side upon which the lid locked. " Have you a surgeon on board ? " he enquired. " • I answered "No." He looked" a little anxious, and exclaimed, ."-No one of any kind qualified to deal with a Wound ?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to wince at this, the only expression of uneasiness I had. witnessed 111 him- landing he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, .sir, I will summon my cousin." "lam ready,'he replied: On this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grmi -silence we mounted tlie companion steps, my cousin leading the, way, the Colonel next, and I at lus heels, with the pistol-case- under my arm and a very lively sense of murder in my heart: "All -was. luiahed'vrero the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I "was veiy thankful that she remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it -was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's composure. The yacht's decks .were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged -were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabm skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, lus mouth working in the ; middle of his face as though ' he -were rehearsing a long speech; Crimp grasped the wheel. Heaven knows how it was that I should : have found eyesight for snialloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recollect observing that: sour old Jacob, with a: view, mayhap, of supportmg lus spirits, had thrust an immense quid into lus cheek, the angle whereof, stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear .gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided his squab,., homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this "junk with an energy, that suggested 1 a mind'm an advanced stage of distraction • I said to the Colonel, " It will be satisfactory to myself, sir, if you will kmdly measure the distance I liave chalked " -.-: His eye swiftly ran from lme toluie,' and then .giving me a slight dow > lie said; nonchalantly, "-I am quite satisfied " "With regard to the light," I contmued,: looking from him to 'Wilfrid, " You will decide for yourselves gentlemen, which end of the vessel you will face " : " It is immaterial," said the. Colonel, wjih a slight slm:g. ^ . ..;, - " Then," said Wilfrid, " I will have my back to the wheel " . I could not be sure that he was well advised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would throw out Ins figure into clear relief^ as I noticed Crimp's , was projected, clean lined. as a shadow cast by the moonlight on a w lute dock ".It may be as well to toss forposition, 1 ' I said. " No," cried Wilfrid, "I am content ' I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men My heart thumped like a coward's m my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took,up his .respective post,. and both held their pistols at level The Colonel exclaimed, '' Toll your mad relative to feathei-edge himself He is all front 'Tis too irrational to take advantage of " Wilfrid heard hrni and cried out, " .Let him look to himself. Ready with signal, Charles " I pulled out my pocket liandkeichief and as I did so old Cnmp suddenly let go the -wheel andcame-sknnming up to Finn, rumbling out, 311 a voice lialf choked with tobacco juice, that the gent's pistol {meau- •ing the Colonel's) was upon linn full, and that lie wasn't gomg to be made cold beef of for any man. " Ready, gentlemen '" I cried, and desirous of emphasising the iignal, lest the Colonerskeener. Eight^should-wituesathe fall-of ihe handkerchief before the flutter of it caught Wilfrid's -eye I called out " Now J " and the handkeiehief fell to the deck. . II eic a .if rut rcpi it onh 11 w i -Ibeslialji-ciack of <111 hip. For the instant I did.not know which man's pistol had exploded, but the little curl of smoke at I Co] e J 1 ! a i K i II 1>t k 11 c j i 1 | 1111 li s iin. id n -1 1 all hands still at his heart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to hun. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his. wrist,, but found it pulseless. Yet it was idilhcult to credit that lie ivas dead- His face was.as reposeful =as that of a sleeper- There was no look whatever of pam m it —-nay, such famt distinguishable expression as 1 remember - had the air of alight smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation- in the shirt under the nghtarm; the orifice -was as cleanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors There was no blood "Dead,, sir!" exclaimed Finn "A noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity! How gents of this.kmd stand upon their honour I yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body bo taken below."- . . ^ I.rose from mykne.es and walked aft to Wilfrid,; who remained standing at (lie chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. There was a kind oi ltfUng look m his face, that wit lua swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes , and a curve of tho mppor lip, that:! was. made a sarcastic sneer of by the: pecubar projection of the under one, indicated • a mood of: scornful -. triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt ; "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," said I ,"I have- shot 3um through the heart, " aid lie, talking .like 0110 newly aroused from his slumber and still m process of collecting lus mind. "Most probably. .You hit him in some vital part, anywav. He-dropped dead. " • "He made sure-of . killing me; 3 saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harslily and mirthlessly. '' He'll trouble no other man's peace: I've; merely liberated the spmt of a-devil that is .now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to that hell it Came from. There will be disappointment amongst the 1 fiends.: That fellow there," nodding attlie body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, was good at least for: another .twenty . years of scoundrelism-. What are they-gomg to do with luin?" . "Carry lum below." ':•• "Finn? ' he called "S11!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped- : "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone-dead, as Mr. Monson: declares, get it stitched up. I'll tellyou when to bury him " "Ay, ay. sir,''answered Fmn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless My cousin handed me his pistol. As he did so his manner changed: a brokenhearted look—1 do not know how else to describe the expression—-entered'his face; He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigli of a sufteier from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling -with the tears wlucli pressed close behind •- "His death 'does not return to me what lie has taken from me. With him go my honour, my peace ot mind, the love that "was my wife's—all gone—all gone!" he inutteied "My God 1 " lie almost shrieked, "how blank has the wo Id become, now that he lies there " . "Be -advisedvby me, Wilfrid," said I"; "withdraw to your cabm and lest This has been a terrible morning—enough to •last out;a:lifetime has been. 1 crowded mte)- it You met Iiim bravely, fauly, honourably He has paid the penalty of his infamy, and though Hea en knows 1 would have gone to any lengths toaveit this meeting, yet, since it has happened,- I thank God yoiu life is pieserved and that you have coine out of it unharmed His eyes moistened and he took my bind; Jmt just then Cutbill and Finn came staggeiing towards the companion hatch bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the jail and stood peeraig over Jiito the water, sup jioi tmg his ieinples m his hands Jacob Cump had-resumed his hold of the wheel I went up to lum. "I'll keep ihe helm steady,-" said I, "whilst: you w pe out those chalk maiks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistolyonder and bring me the case .oft tlie sky-: light ' ; Whilst lie did this we weie hailed fronl the jbaique. J3he lay close ±0 us, with her wheie they had been-standing attentive spectators of-the duel. ""Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Cinnp, eiect ou the raili and steadying himself by a backstay, "but i should be glad to larawjf the genfs coming aboaid?" I shouted back, "No You iieod not floifSi^^ irjiffPII^ 11 ell and then-w tliafloir h or his hat l^Mal^Suc^f^MSioiti^ii® Uendemeji •all dismounted -ma ieU 0 | cicw 1.111 b bi 1 e 111 1 it t ll i a lowly st) tog lound nd j)ic eutly te had scarcely power enough to lift her foresail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and 'Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, sir?" said Finn to me* "there'll be; nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit; for them to see." " By all means,: . Captain ; Finn ; "and then get the boat hoisted and a ^course shaped for .home, for our quest is over and we . have made southing enough, Heaven knows ! " -Cutbill went forward; There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimblenesB into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cut- Mi tried to walk and look as though lie were sensible thatdeath lay under his feet and that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark.upon the yacht, but scarce was : he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and he measured the rest of- the deck m several gleesome, fioundenng jumps, pounding the -scuttle •with a .capstan, bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home! "_ The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle -were vomit-: ing sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel: I a minute or.two to exchange a few words with Finn. " You-are sure the colonel is dead ? " -'Ay, sir; he'll be no deader a thousand years hence " "A bloody morning's work, Finn. 1 I feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man: But since it was bound to end m one or tlie other's death, 'tis beBt as it is. Have you any particulars of .the founderma of the SlmL "The: yarn her people—I mean the surwivors aboard the barque—spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended m dismasting 'em- The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean.as though shipwrights had been at work there Then :the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and she • took in water faster than tlicy could pump it out: There weie boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just time to get away •when the Shark foundered. 'Twiis blowing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of: one another. The colonel and her ladyslup were together, along, with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded They was three days and four- nights washing about afore tlie 'Ziza Bobbins fell in tliem. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." " 1 dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I ; " the same straight-lined storm thundering upfrom-the south, forall one knows- Well now, Firai, drive us homo as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along—we've all h had enough of it. In wliat berth'have-you placed the body ?" " In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, su ' '" I gave lum a nod, and with the pistolcase under my -arm, descended the steps andnenl to my cabin. CHAPTER XXV. THE COLOSEL'S FUNERAL. On entering my berth I threwmyself into my bunk and sat in it . in such a despondent condition of mind as 1 had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified. no more than reaction followmsc the wild excitement I had been under aU the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst tlie fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a complete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seemg. that no • food had crossed my lips since dinner tune 011 the preceding day It was about .two o'clock in the afternoon. I entered .the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, : proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting, r was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward—who seemed thankful to have an or&eiio; attend to-r-to bring meabotfcle of Burgundy,.I fell to, and presently found, myself-tolerably hearty; the fountainmy spirits unsealed afresh, and begmmng leisurely . to bubble into tlie - .channel; that had run diy. There is no better specific in.-the. world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine -has its art of tender: blandishments. - It does not swiftly exhilarate, but . courts: :the bram into a pleasing.-seremty by a process of ;coaxmg at once elegant and convincmg- Wlulst l sat fondling.my glass, leaning back in my ,chair with my eyes fixed upon the dehcate, graceful paintings on -the cabin ceding, <md my lirnid revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at ly ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow "I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. "What is the news'?" ' "Have not you heard ? " I inquned " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots I lme seen nobody of whom I could ask a question " "Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy through the heart," said I, "as lie declaied he would, and the body lies yonder ," and I pointed to the lecessthat Muftm had formerly occup ed " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killedj" she exclaimed m a low, breathless, tpnified voice , and slie sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table '' Better that he should lia\ e been shot than Wilfrid," said I. "Buthe is dead, of linn then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good ' I have just -succeededin fighting mysettout cf a.hideous mood of melancholy with the lie'p of yonder bottle Now you must let me pi escribe for you You have eaten slice of the bieast ®f cold fowl," and that she might not say no, I put on an sur of bustle, called to the steward to unme dntely open a 'pint bottle of champagne, helped her to a little niece of the fowl, an ic f- 11c «r t jjlauaeSi^^SMMSo^ "ft pin t 10 il I ee tlie unli hpped t ther feide of irli d o t t W ukt j r c j o 1 ^m^fmSs^mm^mmB I sawJiow . much good-it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked "lier-wliere Lady Monson was. ; , ."In my cabin," she answered ; " she will ,not speak to me ; she asks my maid fdr-what she requires ; she will not even look at me." •- ' .- - .. • " It is all too fresh yet," -said I. : " A 'littkrpatience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break : thro ugh anon : there /will be teats, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the. maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, " Your sister must not be allowed. to starve- I fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain: Crimp's odious old barque, where. the. choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork; : Sere," said I to the maid, " get me a tray; Steward, open another bottle of champagne- "You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings,"' said I ; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is slied upon it by the body." I . filled tlie tray the maid brought, and •bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward.. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit hini- " But you will stop here till I return," -said I; " I want you to cheer me up." I went to mycousitf s cabin and knocked very softly. , Tlie berth occupied by Lady 'Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I •could not have explained why I did so. There was 110 response; so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfnd lay.in his bunk. The porthole was wide open; and a pleasant draught of air breezed into thecabm. He lav m his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of akniriit on a tomb, and his eyes closed: I was startled at -first sight of hun, ^but quickly! perceived that his:breast rose and fell, regularlyj and : tliat, in short, he was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not j for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, ^ muttered, - but without any nervous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account fortius swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great, object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows lus with head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I- returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally astonished. - " Conceive, Mr. Monson." she exclaimed, " that • the whole may have passed out of Ins memory !".. "1 wish I could believe it, " said I. " Noj he lias just lam down as a boy might who is tired' out and dropped asleep. • A man is to be envied for being wrongheaded sometimes. ; If X had shot the Colonel— butwe agreed-not to speak of him. Miss - Jemmies rou are- bottor. already, When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile agam. Now the old sparkle is in your gaze, and. now you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy'.-which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." : ' Oh, Mr. Monson,' she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I wasnow used to and glad to observe m her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is.no time for compliments." \- . Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity that was above demureness. At; that moment Cutbill and.. Crunp came down the companion; ladder, pufling off their caps as .they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sad-clotli under Ins arm. They passed forward and -disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was impossible that she should suspect their mission. But the sight of them darkened-tlie brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. of " Will, you share, your.eabm with your sister?" I asked. "No ; she: cannot bear my presence. My maid -will prepare-for me the berth adjoining my old: one. -She must -be humoured. Who-can express the agonies her pride is costing her ?'-' "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said 1. " There's a cabm 'next-mine. I should like to see him m it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable lit of temper to walk in upon lus wife—" . " If such - an impulse as that visited him,?' she answered, it would be all the same oven if -lie should'sleep amongst the crewfforward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. . • The;Teahties are .fearful I smiled at her beseeching look; .'-' Lucky, for your -sister;-' said -1, " that you are on boaid She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your waidrobe, the two scoie conveniences of thelidy's toilet table and a niajdon top of it all with puis and needles and scissors, bodians and tape— bless me' what a paiadise aftei the 'Lua Bobbins " And then I told hei how the Shank wa, lost, giving iter the yam as I had it from Finn "Anyway," sjid I, "Lady Monson is rescued Your desire is fulMled ' "But I did not wish'her—I did not want Colonel Hope Kennedy lolled," she exclaimed w itii a shudder " Yet you could ha\e shot linn," said I, " do you remember our chat that night ofl the Me of Wight?" "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. "ButJiow that lie is dead—oh, it is too teruble to think of," she added with a sob in her voice "It must always be so "with geneious natures " J exclaimed " What is abhorrent to them in life, dgath conveiis into a pa±hetic:appeal.-:.Bestperhaps:'to : leave old Tune to aevenge one's wrongs And now that her ladyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to doivith hei'" ' 'iShe is nevei likely to leare her cabm," she ienlied Me tl J 1 1 e 1 uc f H a \\\ 1 Is l. e 1 c u 1 r fl 1 si sd 1 nie !er © ndnentto hei<jabm I t 1 1 e L di le I I p j tropic island through the rigging 1 and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the pleasant noise of running waters on either hand.: My first look was for the ! IAaa Bobbins, and I was nota little surprised to findlier far away down upon our lee quarter, a -mere dash of light of a, moorihke hue. Finn -was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me he. approached with a shipshape salute and exclaimed: " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, liis honour designs that we should be now steering for home ? " " For what other part of the "world, captain ? " : "Well, sir, at sea one wants instructions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home ? " "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in lus cabin and knows nothing." '• Lor' bless me!" cried Finn. "But you may take nie as representing hun," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabm. They've gone to stitch the body, up." " Yes, sir.. His honour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." " When do you mean to bury him ? " " Well, I thought to-night-, sir, m the first watch. - Better make a quiet-job of it, I allow, for fear of " and screwing .up his face into a. peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. " You are right, Fnm. We have had 'scenes 1 enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your honour read the orfice ?" "Dye mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern, light." "I've-got it, sir, m -a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and . then said, " On reflection, 110. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an liouiy durmg which our talk was all about the Shark and'the incidents of the morning, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the .first dinner bell. Having made ready fordinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table prepared but no one present. 1 was standing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabm. He was dressed as if for a ball—swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white slnrt sparkling with. diamond: studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself -with a most fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out 111 hun a craze of duijdyi:;]!!. I ivnb mucll-.-ascojimlitrd -anti. Btared at'ihim-.-:-,.-There had: never been; any ceremony amongst us; in point of' meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dmed regardless of attire. 1 Indeed, m this direction Wilfrid had ahvays shown a singular negligence, oftenrn cold.weather sitting down m old 1 pilot coat or talcing his place during the hot days in -white lnien coat and small : clothes or an.airy camlet jacket. . " Why, Wilf," said I, runiung my eye overhim, "you must give me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," he cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a tune to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens! how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one's forefathers. I should like to dme to-day m the costume of a Raleigh, a doubletbestudded witli precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now—where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden brealang away from the substance of his' speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling smile in its way. - " I do not know," I answered. "Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, " I want company. I should like to crowd;, this , table. • Steward, call Miss Jenumgs' maid." . - -.. .. ••:••-• The man stole aft and tapped on the cabm next to tlie room occupied by Lady Monson.: Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to lier with lus finger upon his hp. He took her by the hand and whispered.. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold lum attired as though for a rout. . There was a little whispered . talk between tliein ; she apparently did not wish, to join us ; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he feE to acting the part of host,- pressing us to eat, calling for champagne, talkmg as if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a Iowpitched keyj and one saw.that there was a peipetual: reference m : lus mnid to the existence of-lus wife close at hand, but lie never once mentioned hei nor refeiredto: the dead man whose-proximity put an indescribable quality of ghasthness intohis liectic manner,,the cia/y air of conviviality that flushed, as with a glow of fe\ ei, ins speech, and carnage, and behaviour of high breedmg Not a syllable concerning the events of the mornuig, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped him He drank freely but without any other result than throwmg a little colour upon lus high cheek-bones and lendeung yet more puzzhng the conflicting expiessions which' idled with wildness his laige, protruding, near sighted gaze at one or the other of us I saw too -ele^ily how it tvas inth the poor fellow to feel shocked Miss Laura's tact : ser.ved her well ,111 tlie replies she made to him, in 1 the. mteiest with which she seemed to listen to his com eisation, m her well feigned ignorance of there being anything imusual m his apparel 01 mannpi But it failed her in lier efforts to LI ie j lei app elieusion 1 hei face tthen she looked doT nw rd m >me mtei val of: lc 1 II 11 think, 01 when I Aftei djnier my cou 111 fetched his pipe I L I 1 011 deok I took advantage of li s absence to say t 1 1 We must not foig t tha Lady lion on s on boaid I S ui^are right in t o ttifcliatWilfiid i e 1 01 suiely he "would jiiVe made ome ^feiesce to her "I'll take care that she is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "1 purr posely -abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I am certain, by the. expression in his ee, chat he would have been irritated by <ae lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his moodis af ter such a morning as we have -passed through"— here she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay—"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart." He returned with; his pipe at that moment,'and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-in- law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "I have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to ?ee that my cabin is prepared." : I thought this answer would start Jiim mto questioning her, but he looked as if He did not "gather the meaning of it. '' Pool, pooh," he cried j '' there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you." If they'don't suffice we'll have- Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a greengrocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains liis hands. Muffin for one night only!" He debvered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiter 1 thought I, Lady Monson will hear Wwt and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence onboard! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wilfrid ; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will j'oin us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got lum on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder- box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. '''Why of a beautiful night in preference to a beaiitiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called' to a figure -standing to leeward of the main boom: "Istliatyou, Finn?" "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; ''tlie-capt'11's a-layhig down, but he's guv orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crunp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might nothear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf? The doWndraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourselves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find him so easily thrown off the line of Ins thoughts. It had been dark some tune, for in those parallels night treads 011 the skirts of the glory which the doparting sun trails down the.western slope Oi tlio sea. Thci-o would he no moon sooner than .teh -o'clockrp . and it was now a little after eight —for my cousin's stiWge humour liad made a much longer sitting than usual of the dmner. There was.a refr^hhig-sound of rushing wind in. the star-laden;,dusk, .a noise as o£ tlie sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the.cutwater that inade one think or the shearing of a skater over ice., The cabin lamps glowing into the skylight shed a yellow,:satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of -vapour dissolving , against the stars. We sat 011 a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope- Kennedy., The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phantasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall, noble ligure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. • But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. He chattered volubly: and intelligently, without any. of his customary breakings away from his train of "thought; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his infant, nor of this ocean "chase tliat was now ended so far as the fugitives were concerned. He talked of his estate ; how ho intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how lie proposed to convert some acres of .his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; Ins evening costume gave him an unusual look to .my eye ; though lie talked carelessly 011 twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smokmg, pufiihg out great clouds rapidly and filling tlie bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had he made some reference to the morning. • : You felt as if the memory of it must be working ill him like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have sin link .from hun at moments when I tho glit of the character , of the. source whence lie drevr the -afcreiigfch i3i:it mjnblcc; lum to mask himself with what might well have passed -for. a mere company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below •. " Going to turn in ? " he asked. " It has been a long, tiring.day," said I e\ asi\ ely "A grand day," he .exclaimed; "the one stn Ling; memorable day of our voyage. Come, I wiHfollow-you, aud we will pledgei it in a bumper before .parting." We entered the cabin-; it was deserted. Wilfnd asked where Miss Laura: was, and the steward-replied that -lie believed she had gone to bed. "She should be witli us, Charles,"-cried my cousm, withsa 'light of excitement in liis eyes, hiB'face flushed;.though above.it had looked marblem the starlight; and a half smile of malicious tnumjili riding, lus lips "No, 110,"said I. . "The poor child is tiled What is our drink to be, Wilf ? -I w ant to see you turned in my.dear boy.". " Pooh; pooh;,hang turning in I I feel myself of . forty-spn-it power-: to-mght,- jiistm the humour, if I were a incinber, to go down to the House and terrify the. old ladies in at wdio - call', themselves - Sir- Johns and Sii' .- Thomases, and who. wear hats, with passionate attack, on; the Butish Constitution " Ho c<illed:forA)raiidy and seliaei'. How: •ever, we had not been sitting twenty ninutes wlien r his liiooci changed, lus dimiei-party face darkened. He folded his arms and lay back In his -chair, look- THE COLONEL'S FUNEEAII. ing domnrards with a gathering scowl upon lus trow. I rose. " Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. He viewed me with, an absent expression, said " Good-night," and at, once went, but in a mechanical way, •gdv.e&e.ct; by habit without giving Ins mindtojtha action, to Ins bertli, at tlie door afe winch. I saw' hnn stand a momente whilst:-,.he gazed hard at the cabin abreaSthnJ^^hen rubbing his brow with the gesturi&Jt.; ope "who seeks to clear 2ns bram,^ he ths- * Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and wlukt I stood looking into the bnmacle Pinn came upborne. " Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, " and ,gei this here , melancholy, job over"? " ~ ~ " ¥es;".said Iy'the sooner the better; Sir Wilfcid lias-gonc to his cabiti-. Tell yom£people±o .be quick and.teeonat;"..:•-,..:.. He trudged forward, and presently returned with Cutbill and another seaman. Jhe threfe of thefn wienfc.'below, leavmg Crimp.. ±t> -getilie-ga-iigway rigged, and lighted;-^-"couple?«f--globular lamps, such 1 a!i might be used for riding lights, wietfe suspended;against tlie bulwarks, and; .between -them .a seaman -rested a grating o£ the length of a sh-tcher The moon -was using at tins Jnotaent oil our starboard beam; an-arch of 'blood defining- the -.-jpdigo- blaek IMP "BF the horitoh tlierte fiiat on either liahd of lier Vent melting out into ablelidmg. of star- Jadeir sky,? with £h<sv:dark and. -gleaming fcfceanbnhiimng to tlie yacht, vast as the lieavenb themselves looked. Presently up through, the hatch rose* the figures -of Captain Finn and the two toon, swa-Viiig under tlie-weight ;of -tlie cauvasislirouded foi.m they bore. The watcli tin .deck. fcMiie aft mid gathered about the* gangwhere they glimmered likteTisionary creawtes- to-the dtall,---yellow'shuvliiq-of Uie lampsi 3?ace after face seetoed to come twisting; and wriggling out gf,-±he dusk—visions of-iait'.y---«i.its, rer.derec! lifelike. and' actual by tlie- dull ilhsnuntitioh that gteieed; upon their-shadowj li»BnniBnt&!i.'-:lW.Tinnd- fiUsfrtitt'laiori^g tath - melancholy noises,- there was' Jrearmng sob in the sound of the water as it frashed aft, . broken- and- hissing ser- |ient-like from the bow.:. The canvas rose dark, but ic was now gathering to its loftier clothe a faulty'delicate, pinkish tinge frcyn llie red moonbeam, though lh minutes, when the planet had Aifted-liE* ill- sha3ieii face clear of the black line of brine, ail would be of a snow-white softness "above us, and - a sparkliDg line bf • buhrark-rail and glittering constellations in "the skylight glass and a--;-te'&ke;' of- floating -and --liea-ving RilVtet tolling fan-shaped to us. -A, couple of..seamen caught hold of the grating and raised it level with the bulwarks, one tnd supported by thai rail. She body was placed upon it, and gliostly it looked in that spectral commingling not starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of itsi-edness—ghastly ill the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at that hour to conceal it under a Bag. Finn pulled a tlim volume from Ins pocket and (opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughing hoarsely as ibourii loth -to begin. At last he blustered courage and made a start. He jrfoliounced many of the words tiddly, and. there was a deep sea-note in his delivery. I watolied Ins long face twitching.and .working to his recital as he brought.Ins eves m a squmt to the page with the lantern light touenmg his-skin into a hue of sulphur that made one think of it-as the likeness of a human countenance wrouglit in vellow silk.'upon Mack: Satin. But the mystery o£ death was with 11s ; it seemed to breathe—hot:,as the Slight was—m an ice-cold air off tlie dark Surface off the sea, and' a man's >sense of ••humour must have been of the featherweight gttalify of an idiot's to flutter m the .presence, 0f the pallid, motionless bucule Upon the troting- whose - chill, feectet, subduing, inspirationwere unspeakably: heightened by the eyes o£ the sailors round about gleaming outof the weak glimmer of their countenances vaguely shaped by the rays of the oil flames upon the obscurity, bvthe iulver gaze oltlie countless equinoctial heaven surveyina ns: over the yardaruis and through tlie squares of the ratlines and amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, and by;the steadfast watching of stars low down m the.-measureless dark distances of the irest and north and south, as though they were tlie eyes of giant spmts standing on tiptoe behind the 'horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the \- moon that was now icing her crimson visage -with crystal - and diffusing a -soft cloud of white light over the.eastern sty with an edging already of brilliant glory under lier upon a short length of the dark sea-lme there that made the water m that direction look as tliough its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of skv. -,-.• . •.-.-.: - •.; - ...- • , • I -was standing with my back to the companion hatch ; my eyes wore rooted upon the white form which-m a few moments now would be tilted -and sent flashing with a heavy cannon-ball at its .-feet mto the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life,"had acted a scoundrel s part, and had richly merited the: end lie Jiad met; but he lay dead : his grave was this mighty wilderness of waters; not a hole , in the earth to which those who •mourned him could repair and say^'pointing downwards, "What remains of linn is here ; •' hut a tomb nvalhng the heavens m immensity, a material eternity that would absorb him and Ins menioiy as •though Ins form,' waiting there to -be launched, was but a drop of the dew that glittered ~m the moonshine upon the grating that supported him..; -•„ • : That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy .musmgs, wand I. was thmkmg of the man as I had beheld hnn m the morning, worn indeed by shipwreck and privation, %ntstately;"erect,-soldierly 7-his cheek crimsoning to the blow that Wilfrid : had--dealt luin-;.-.life and passion strong m lmu; when 1: was startled out of my thoughts by Innn ceasing to read. I glanced atdum andobserjxd that lie was peering over the top of his :boot,'goggling some obiect with eyes that protruded from their sockets. looked-to seeTwhat had called off Ins attention, and remarked a tall female fisure attned in a light dress, \- but with her -e concealed bya long dark veil, standing close "besiae the head of the . grating perfectly motionless, £ave.for sueli movements as came to her bv the swaying \- of the yacht.'. She had appearedvamongst us -v,it]i the -stealtlnncss of a ghost, and she looked like one: m -that ^.conflicting light, with the "famt gleam of her,eyes showing through tlie veil, and the stitchedup form on. the:grat:ng to give a darker -. and more thrilling accentuation to her presence jtlianj=he could Mre get from nn empty grave or a ruptured coffin. The sailors backed away .fiom her, shouldeiang one anotliter yrito; tlie^gloom^mtTiimueh. AvijilngGf'theii'leallierlipsupon;the':backs of their hands 1 was startled on behold' ing her, -but quickly rallipd -toi-a.E^nse .pf deep disgust ..that possessed me on con- • tnisting *lns"illustr»tioji :of remotion. with lier language and treatment of Wilfrid that .morning. f- " Proceed," I esclaamed to Finn " Kead on, man, and shorten the service,: too, f you can " . fie crpaked out afresh, but the poor fellow vias exceedingly nervous, *Ehe : ceremony, so far as it had gone, Jmdlieen • : chill; doleful,- depmssmg encughhefofe; } ut a. character almost of lionor to mmd rov came jnlo it witli the : stately. 1 motionless appantjon- that —sealce won by the lamplight and-the moonlight -from the srliidoiuncss that clfothcd hei \uth unreality—at tlie head of tliafc ashen tinctured lenglli lying prone "rnd seseiubJiJig'a hammock upon the grating It was the moral lier ladyship's ]iresence put into tlie occasion that made the cere?uony %ll on a^udden so hideously gaunt, so "wild, so l-liumau, striking ce like to Hie heart EVw ilns she jiad quitted ciiildj as Blip l^lie-sed, for esyrj for iliis she Kad abandoned her husband,, had pricked the bubble of her honour, extinguished the inspiration, of he; "hood's purest, truest,- ufefepes_ feelmjgs ! -"What but an-aflriglfej couldlt^t m&ifikiqppecl; hi' a p3ii?e)ri HeMlatWijp''-' rpas^nSnd JfcasujB^: uiti bf "^^^ui -^but, 1 hated her then for the base dishonour she did herself by ilns subtle, sneaking -attendance' at the funeral of her shawii with the ghost of it to slip with lier to her cabin aganv, and to act, mavbe, as a sentinel to lier for the rest of her natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make -her presently dl-aad to look behind her!_. , -.. .. - ;. l?iBn?rc?6aEingdelivery ceased. " " •• "Overboard witli it,'he rumbled; for tas gesture to tilt the grating had been xinD&ersed.Jiy4hej;^ro-jnen.wlio.heldat,. or else not understood.. . . . " i 33ie.sailctrsiiTiBsed.lheu; arms;: the ghmmer- ingsbandle sped like.a,,sniaH cloud of, smok« -iroin ; -tlie -Bide -tei the' Bccompam* inent ©f:the;npise of-alohg, creaming wash; of- ^ter-snnima'aig aft ! from the 4xnr>:. througluvhich-.-I caught tliQ-note of avhalf-,. stifled "Slmek; from lady. Molisoli.; -Slie; flung her^liands to her Jaee and reeled as; if <«jhe stroattl -fuLj I-sprang.to her. assist-; auce,-bufc on freeuig. her. eyes and seeingwho i was, she ^waved mefrom her with a, motion of, wliicli the passionate liauglitiness/^diBdain,;an4-dislike-were too strong for: me -to ,miss,.'!ConfuBine;. &s; ; tlie lights, •were. i . iShe then walked slowly aft; , I-beJieVcd she Avas. gomg- below.agani,-; and toid to Tinn, "Siiut the book. ; Slake an end now.' ...The man is buried, and -thank Ood -for it."• :.. - . Lady Monsoa,- .however, .^walked-toitlie extremeendof the.vessel,-kneeled.upon the; little grating abaft .the-;wheel,' and overhung tlie taCrail', -apparently. ga2mg mto - tlieiobscurity - astern H "where., the colonel fc body was sinlang and where the; white wake of the ! jacht -was -glitteriag like -a .dusiy -summer -highway .-running ivoi-y-like thronsh a daric land on-a -mooiL; lit night. • -I watched her witlr anxiety, but without daring to approach -her. The sailors unhitched: the lanteyhs raid. took them forward Rlong with the grating. I said to Jinn : hope she .does.aiot mean to tlirow herself overboard:".-, ..<;:. •His head wagged m the moonlight. " Sir,' he answered, " the likes of .lier nature am t quick to kill themselves. If she were the wife of the^ent .that's-gone. I d see to it. But sin U not-hurt herself " • Jfevertlieless, I kept my eye upon lier- Ihe ainimg was ofi' the aeck-; tlie planks ran white as the foam alongside under tlie moon that was novr-lriUiant, - and - a objects .showed sharp .upon- that ground,, whilst.the flitting of the ebony shadows fo the heave of . the deck was like crawling of, sspectral, life. --I spied .the fellow at: the glistening wheel turn lus head repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though, troubled by that wrapped veiled, kn- eelmg presence. Finn's rough, off-hand mdifference could not reassure me. The fear of - death," all horror -induced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering .-waters •; upon which" her eyes were fixed might languish in the- heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of-grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddying \- froth striking out upon the dark bqiud movement at which-she was gazing —dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to her . sight might take the form of the. man whose remains had 3ust sped-:from the yaclit's side ;.. and God knows wliflt sadden beckoning,, wliat-, swift, endearing, caressing gesture to h.er to .follow hua; she might witness-.m the Apparition, 1'eal; sweet, -alluring as - in life to the Etaze-of -her tragic> eyos;i winch in nnagmation l-could see glowing agamst the moon. It was with a deep -sigJi of relief iliat-,- after -I had stood watching her at least ten imantes m tlie shadow, of tlie gangway.; I observed - lier dismount from the -grating and, walk to -the companion, down which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in her-commg as ni her gomg., Twenty minutes later 1 followed her, fo,uud -.^e eabni empty, and went straight .to bed. ••:" '•-•-'• (To he -coutinitr/l.) 