Siory Column-! 1 \- 1 ANNALS OF THE 1 HORSE SHOE C'LUR-! i." : By FINCH MASON.; ; i j utlior of "Tit. Bits of the Turf," "Holiday .. -Sporting Stories,". "Humours of tho Hunt-i lug Field, " " 'Twos Hie Dog that Brought tho Nows," "A Heal Good Thing," &e.; all queensland biqbxb besebvsd. | ' " HOW; BEEFEATER WON THE . : DERBY." " ' ': V- 7 "" PART HI. ' ' (Concluded dy John Jorum, Butlbb and Cosr- fidbbxial Sebvani to SlB gbonqb cleve land, Bast.) Well; sir, the sadden shook occasioned by the bad news reoeived from the seat of war having somewhat snheided, Cleveland Court once moro resumed its usual serenity, and our daily routico went on pretty muoh as usual. Things were desperately quiet, of oourse. No dinner parties or entertainments of aey sort or kind. My lady still kept to her own apartments. Sir Georito went ont shooting occasionally, but bis heart was not in it, and he shot very badly, the keepers told me. His thoughts, you may de pend, wore far away with his boy in tho Crimea instead of with the pheasants. The oheerful- lest person in the honao was Miss Eva. What we should all have done without her I don't know, and that's all about it. She and I always had a talk au regularly as clookwork t voi y morning niter breakfast, aud you oan guess, sir, what our talk was about. Nothing but ono eubject you might swear. Oh, yes, hors was a brave heart, if you liko! What a soldier she would have made had she been a man I often thought to mysolf. Christmas oamn and wont, and I'm bouud to say it was the dullest Christmas 1 ever spent in iny life. No "so" abont anything. Even the brandy round the plum pudding, whioh I set fire to just before bringing into the dining- room, went ont tho moment I set it down iu front of Sir Gcorgo, as muoh as to sar : No, really I haven't the spirit to blazo to-night. Jorum, my boy. The very minco pies seemed to havo lost "their flavour. The news of the fall of Scbastopol had arrived, but no news yet of our gallant young soldier, and as vet no tidings of his friend Mr. Charles Netherby, biess bis brave heart ! Once every week aid Job Faithful ride over on his cob to inquire if tbern wa3 any news of Beefeater's nominee for tho Derby. Poor Job, as tho timo went on and nothing was heard of Mr. Frank, seemed to lose mora and more flesh, aud to got moro despondent every day. "It's killing work, Jorum; that's what it is, and nothing else," he . would say, as he sipped bis glasB of port, wine in my room hero "There's that beautiful horse, never been sick nor sorry for a day ; ho's completely worn out old Joclt Shepherd, what leads him in his work, bleSB you ; and if it wasn't that my missus is always tolling me to ohcer up, for she s iys she knows it'll bo all right by the Derby d-y I do tiuly and honestly believe I should brink my heart." Before tbo old man would go, ho always used to come ont with, in a sort of desperation, "I say, John, do you ready think that Mr. Frank '11 ever tarn np again V" My invariable reply to tho pour, unhappy man was: "I'm certain suro of it, Job, and there's my hand onit !" He'd always brighten up a bit after that, and would start off homo again, donbtlesB to watoh over Beefeater's welfare more assiduously than ever. Well, Bir, time went on. Tho trees and hedges were beginning to don their green dresses; the primosos and violets put in an ap pearance ; the rooks began to build their nests —all outward and visible signs of the arrival of spring, and still no news of onr two young men. I really began to feel almost as despondent as Job Faithful at times, and almost brought myself to agree with him that all hope of ever seeing Mr. Frank again wss pure waste of time, when one day happening by the merest chance to drive into the town to seo about sundry things for Bir George, I oalled in at the post office (as I always did on suoh occasions) to seo if there woro any letters for the hoaso. Yes," said the clerk, "there are several. Here they are, Mr.- Jorum, and one for yon amongst 'em." When I glanced at it, sir, a baby in arms might, withont exaggeration, have knocked me down. It was a good- sized letter, written in a manly hand, on < foreign note-paper, and bearing a foreign post- mark. Hero was a go, if yen like ! Hew I got into the street I don't know, but I do remember holding the long expected letter all, the while as tight as wax, and I also remembor tbat I mode straight for tho Cleveland Arms and ordered a shillingsworth of brandy and water warm before I dared to open my precious epistle. I mould feel my old heart thumping against my ribs to soma tone I can tell yon. Tbe glass of brandy and wutcr was drained to the dregs in one gulp the moment it came ; and then und not before then, did I muster up sufficient courage to brenk tho Beul. Suoh nows the letter oontained ! If it had not been that I should havo lost my character for good and all, as a reHpeotablo man and a bntler of (I think I may say) high standing, I rather ibink I should have thrown my hat up to the ceiling and danced round the room for very joy. It was from Mr. Charles, of ennrso, and as ho wished tho newB he bad to toll kept abso lutely secret— dark he oalled. it— from every body, with the exception of Miss Eva. bo wrote to mo in preference to anybody, having, ho said, 'entire confidence in my silonoo. (l oin't help remarking hero, Bir, tbut in all my life I never had such a compliment pr.id ion ) He hud found Mr. Frank, be suiil, utter n dual of trouble. He had been seriously wounded and taktn prisoner at tbo Redan, and had been taken flare of and nursid by same good people in Sebastopo, who, when the town was evaonated, carried him off along with them, for fear of harm coining to hi. a when the allied troops entered tha place. Ho hid brcn frightfully ill, Mr. Charles s»id, and hid completely for the tiinu lost his rou-on, coiisu- qnently it was a matter of impossibility for ilia kind- boat ted Russiun folk into whoso hands he had had the good luck to fall, to find out his name, so as to oommunioato with his friends iu England. However, he was now rapidly re covering. At first, Mr. Charles said, ho mated forblB reason altogether, but thank God, about a fortnight after his finding him, it returned to bim, and now it was only a mere question of time as regards his bodily strength. Mr. Charles added : " I' want you to givo the cnolosed letter to Miss Eva with my fondlovn., , I hsve told her all I have told you, so tbat yon.qnd she hold the scoret in your two hands. . ; "There is one other pereoiwj 'iho ' went on) "I think we can trust, and-Jhut is good old Job Faithful. Make u point'of seeing him as soon as you can, and teljjWmHhcit ho oan count on teeing Mr. Frank 'atjSeofcator's head whan ho returns to weigh inafl$F winning the Derby, and tell him at the same time to put me on a monkey at tbo best odds ho can get." In con clusion; ho added : " If Mr, Maxwell had only befaavod like a- gentleman thero would b ve been no secreoy at all la the matter ; us it u£t» am 'determined to pay him off, and I am plott ing to mysolf wilb fiendish glee, thj pleased (P) expression that will come, ovor his face, - when: having objected to Beefeater — as of-qourso he will, if bis own horse runs deoond— I suddenly produce the supposed dead man. Ob, won't it be a case of ' sold again ' with a vengounoo ! I bear he has backod Necro mancer for a fortuno and does not intend to Ledge a shilling of tbo money.' As soon us evir Mr. Frank is a bit hotter we shall make a move., to Paris, and thenoe to England. Shortly before tho Derby, probably tbo day beforo, I shall got Mies Eva to quietly break tbo goad nows to Sir George, and then, my good old friend, all Beefeater has got to do into win to make our triumph oumplote. Mr. FYank " (wound up tho letter) " desires me to remember him kindly to his dour old friend " /meaning me, sir, ana the tears cams into my eyes as I read it) " and soy that ho wishes yon wero-hore at-his - Bido,wlth a ' bottle of the Cleveland port and a dqvillod bieogU." ! ; ''' " I thought' to ' roystlf,riI : wish I was; bp, ; moBt devoutly If I didn't mako d min of hltn ! ,iu .two.. days,, my .'name' 'wouldn't ' be' John ! Jorum. I have- hoard that the Russians live > almost entirely oh Caviare and braildy neat, . | and what'dreadful Btuff that' must bo for an Invalid ! I don't suppose they havo ovor hoard of such a thing aa a bowl of bishop iu their I blessed liveB." What the1 young fellow who drove mo I thought of my ' demennour during our home ward drive I do hot know. I found myself bursting out into strange laughter at intervals, arid I was conscious ail tbe timo of making myself ridiouloris. Ioould riot bolp it, bloss you, if it was evor so. I was ia that stato of suppressed oxaitoment thnt tbore is no cure for, except a regular blow off of steam. And until T oonld get word of Miss Eva and Job Faith fnl, and tell them my nows, I knew' I should got no relief for my complaint. You may bo snre that I did not lot the grass grow under neath my feet in either case. It was jast 5 o'clock when I reached the oonrt, aud instead of calling one' of the footmen to oarrv up the tea into the drawing-room as usaal, 'I took it np mysolf. My lady was as usual in her own room, so I had MisB Eva all to myself. Sho knew by my face that I had something of im portance to communicute, and her look of joy when I _ handed her hor latter I ootid not describe if I was to try for a year. When she had torn open tho envelope (whioh, by tho \roy, sho first paid tho oomplimont of hissing), and read the nows inside, the tears of joy coursed down bor pretty face. Not much feur of anybody supplanting Mr. Ohatlos in yonr affeotions, my d-ar, at all events, thought I to myself. I don't think I over did see anybody in all my born days look so happy ub my dear young lady, bless her heart !" She meant every word of it I am certain, when, having read his letter, sho jumped up and, taking mo by both hands, exclaimed, " My dear old Jormn, I never felt so happy in my fife." The next morning as soon as evor breakfast was cicured away, I asked for, and readily ob tained, leave from Sir George to absont myself from my duties for a few hours. I did not feel very well, I told him, and thought a breath of ire.-h sir would do me good. (Oh, Lord ! how gnilty I felt when I said so !) -No doubt," replied the best and kindest of masters. "Ii you'll take my advice, John, ycu'll go for a drive over the downs, and have a lcok at Beefeater." I need scarcely say that this proposal exactly fell in with my o» u views, and I, therefore, lost no time in erdering a dogear: out. I deecrired to yen. is well as I could, the appear ance cf Mis Eva wien I imparted to her ray budge' of news treat the e.trl, but I should bo very -o.-ry to attempt anything of the sit.j iu the" case oi Job F.-.ithiul. I couldn't do it. The c!c utc, without exaggeration, positively loosed 20 y-.-J.es younger five miuut.s ufcer I bed deliver!'! my message. " NctiL-g." says he, " will do but a bottle of charopagU" ca -h-' spot, and what's mere it shall be "drunk iu Beefeater's box, and nowhere else." He went into the housr, bless you, there and then, and came out with a tnag. rum of champagne, three glasses, and Mrs. Faithful, her comely face all smiles. Tha boy in charge of the favourite being sent ont of the way, we all three entered Beefeater's box, and bnving first of all drank to the speedy recovery of Mr. Frank, together with ono or two oth-r toasts appropriate to tbo occasion, we (i unity pledged tho beautiful colt in front of us. C ninde tbo speech myself, I reinombsr. " Mrs. Faithful and Job," said I ; "I now beg to give you tho toast of tha morning : " Here's to tho health of Beefeater, winner of this year's Derby, and the boat horse in England at the pr-Bont time !" I have helped to drink a goodish few bottles of champagne in the course of my life, but I doa't think I ever enjoyed one half so much as the magnum wo three consumed in Beefeater's box that ncver-to-bo-forgottcn April morning. "Well, John," said Sir G .orge that night at dinner, " aro you better ?" »' Much hotter, I thank you, Si: George," I replied. Misi Eva threw me a glance of intelligence, as much es to s>y, " Oh, you deceitful old rascal of a Jorum !" Well, sir, tho timo wont on. The Two Thousand Guineas (in which Beefeater was not entered) was run for and was earriud off in a canter by our rival, Mr. Maxwell's colt, Necro mancer. So easily indeed did be win that Ihey actually took as little as 7 to 4 about his chance for the Deity. Beporr oven went so far as to credit Mr. Maxwell with saying that ho didn't fear Beefeater even if 1c did run. And, judg ing by tho way he and his friends basked his horse, it certainly looked as if for onoo rumour was correct. Job Faithful, however, was by no means dis heartened by tho reBult of tho Guineas. " Necromancer, I grant you, is bouud to run well in tho Derby," said he, "hut aB for his beating our horse ! Pack o' nonsense ; don't tell mo 1" Thero was no mistaking Job's confidence in his pec. Hie betting hook, whioh ho was good enough to show mo ono day, convinced mo on tbat point, so much so that I astonished my friend in London by writing up to toll him to put. mo another twenty pounds on Beefeater for tbo Bluo Hibund. He wrote back that he had done tho commis sion tor me, and was good enough to add that, remembering tho eld saying, "Thoro's no fool liko an old tool,", ho wus well awuro it was not of the slightest use his telling mo that Beefeater bad not u ghost of a ohunce for the Derby as long as Netiomancer kept well. Ycu never wroto u truer word than that, my boy," thought I. "We'll seo whiuh is tho ' Old fool ' when we meet at Epson Downs after tho Derby ; and nil I can say is, that if it tarns out as you say, I'll give you leave to call me ono us oiten uu you please." flO HE concluded to- xobbow j 