ONE SAILOR. " I never called a sailor a worse name than ' you lekther-tiead,' " said a venerable sea captain; " never swore at a sailor; never struck one; never caused a man to be actu ally flagged; though I once triced a fellow np ready for the-lash, who gave in before he was struck a blow, j never drew a weapon upon a man. Once I was sitting in my cabin of the Lucy Thompson, when the mate dashed in on me; pale as a ghost, for getting even to pull off his cap, shouting that a sailor flowed that there were riot men enough on board ship to put him in irons;' .1 stepped out on deck. I had my pistol iri hand; but behind nay back. ■ The men were all iri a commotion about the forecastle hatch. I was conscious that I had. always been kindaridjutt to that crew, though they were the: hardest Crew. I had ■had in many a voyagfe. I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleader: "' Gome here, iriy mari.' "It Seemed an age,while lie -xvas debating. whether to obey. My-fingers Stiffened :on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea.is a hbjror. But the inutineer turned, came rift, and put up his hands for the irons; So, thank God, I can say I never even drew a weapon on anyone of my many hundreds of sailors. I don't believe it is necessary. Be a true man; bfe a friend to'fh'e sailor; treat, him as if he were a mari and riot a beast; don't ever let him catch you in a inean act; govern yourself as if yon believed the same God was at sea as on land; and you will have no trouble." ,. .. - • ■ ... The speaker was the hero of a hundred packet-sKip voyages across the Atlantic. My younger readers, may not know that the packet ship was the predecessor of the " ocfeatt greyhourid " of our day. Between Liverpool and New York the huge and capacious packet, with vast sails spread to the winds for mptive power," fanned over " thousands of emigrants, who are now grand sires in America to this generation. In those days a sailor was a man who knew how to handle a sail. Now he-is, for the most part, a rriarine machiiiist. Then were voyages of about thirty days, in which time the little world of fhe ship's company of often 1,500 sonls were shut up arid shut out from their fellow-cfektures on the globe, a realm all to themselves. The ship's captain was the autocrat of this little COSihos. His skull was the dome of the State House. His word was absolute law. His right arm was the chief and only executive, sheriff, arid army. Those wfere days when character in the captain had most ample illustration of its power for good or evil. I know of no other such station for the exhibition of the power of character, except the mother's place in the lonely family group of tbe frontier. The venerable skipper of the Lucy Thompson spoke volumes of wisdom when he used tbe words I have quoted above. I was recently standing at the gangway of a well-known steamer, idly watching her unloading. The mate in command of the men was of the very roughest type. He was exceedingly ignoble. He was a gigan tic fellow. He had no authority oyer the sailors, or deck-hands, as they are techni cally called, except the physical terror he inspired. He cursed God and the men. He roared and thundered. He seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any moment. I asked about him? and was told of the shocking brutality that he had often ex hibited, which had several times caused his arrest. When I inquired why a repu table company kept such a man . iri their employ, I was told " that there was no other force except brute force, which Could get the work out of a gang of the kind that nowadays follow the water." If the sea or the rivers and lakes were the only places where this error prevails my paper might, perhaps,better have beensent to the Seaman's Friend, that dear old paper, which may Heaven bless. The idea is quite common, however, in the minds of a certain type of overseers set to watch working men, that force of control is in a savage manner and harsh tone; in a face that never smiles on the toilers, nor riotices a blister with compassion. How many seem to think it really necessary to curse the beaded back of the workman! All this is a slander on human nature. I appeal to the thousands of miners' wives and daugh ters who may read these lines, if the rough featured husband and father has riot a ten der spot in his heart by which your love leads him, and which the brutal overseer can never reach. I appeal to gangs of giants who, about the lumberman's camp-' fire these winter nights, may read what I i now write, if there is not an occasional man who is king among them by his kind- ' ness more than by any appointment of the corporation which put him in charge of them. Here and there you have met him, and worked under him. He never called a man even a.fooL He was too true to he brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to "be suspected, too brave to ask you to face a danger from which he himself shrunk. A man who could tell a good story occasionally without the loss of dignity when the laugh came in; whom you have seen in tears at some poor fellow's cottage, when accident had made the children or phans. This man's voice was pitched low, but it was mightier than the roar of the blasphemer. No man can govern others, who does not govern himself. There is many a kingly man who does not need to strike a blow with the hand, because the blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. A good man's .surprise, contempt or indignation shines in his eyes. Of all men, there are none who are so amenable to the sway of character in an officer as the men of the sea. The sailor is always a poet. He is quick to feel, where landsmen slowly reason. He is a dreamer. He is much alone, and busy with voices in the soul. He has hearing by memory or by hope. He is, like the philosopher, a great grown child. No man detects good or evil in character quicker than the sailor. Is it not so—you that read this in the fore castle, far upon the ocean ? " I was determined to kill him," said a sailor to me. " I had been brought on board at Liverpool when intoxicated. I did not know what I was doing when I signed shipping papers. My rage was al most insanity when the first officer struck me. Were you ever struck? You read about it, but it is a queer, crazy sensation when you are actually blushing under the blow. The insult is the unbearable part of it. I was then sent to the. wheel-house to make fast a loosened window-sash, for I had had some experience as a glazier. On my way over, I managed to secure my re volver in the darkness. I lay in wait for the first officer, but, Strang to say, the cap tain came in his place. Leaning upon _ the brass railing of the stairs, he caught sight of me crouching in the dark. Very kindly and calmly he said: ' My hoy, come this ' I could not help obeying. Said he: way.' ^ ^ ' Why should you go to destruction ? You make me think of my own hoy. I once had one; he was about your size when God took him and left me alone. Now, let me be your friend, and you behave yourself on this ship." That man could have asked me to jump overboard for him, and I would have done it!" That sailor is now one of the most trusted chief employees iri a great shipyard in his native Scotland, and the kind word saved him to himself and humanity. 