JHE WORLD'S D E S I R E * uicrotii* SEBTIDS.- JESTEID H., 501. gyKOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTBBS. •A BIDEE HAGGLED AXI> ANDREW 31 LANG. J L or Odysseus. after the fall of Troy, and his £ Jo Ithaca- -las teen directed by the go as to 'aVorer the earth in expiation of certain offences * 3n - 1 t ^liem He returns to Ithaca to find at deso- •Sfi* palace in ruins; his wire, Ills fnenas, and In a vision he sees andhears Venus,: S%ctsKm to go southward, and seek for Helea f T^wWhom lie irill know by the Bleeding Star of ?«;TtliichsheivaKS on her breast, ana whom he, before slic became the bndeof Mendaus. - IFLNN CUP Of ITepeathe stands . beside .TOrases on ^ Knir tornhis trance, and drmtmg it. he -forgets SySantt its sorrows. snS thinks only of the quest vih Fenu c has ordained-and .tne rewaxd «he ias- SScd Seeking among the ruins of his paJace he PjV"tle =ecret inner treasury still,rnfcact, and don- ^This coldeu armour andtakmg hls.famous sword: •rfhoff'he goes forth. Ming asleep on the rocks f tie coast- tlie gleam of his goldenaimourattracts <m noticc of tie ae " r of » Sidonian vessel boond to St They steal ashore, noose him asleep, , ana f&; S desperate struggle capture and conveThimoki SSl theirintention beingtosell him as a slave to SShoI A scorm ansrns, the crew would have cast overboard, but the captain--interferes. The ^ujth of Ulvsses returning, he unties .thevcords 5Sh bind liim bv tlieaid of .theknowledge imparted Shim bv the enchantress Circe, andsemng his bow Sasvrotd- which have- been hang in triumph/from topmast he slaughters the bidomans--alI but two, ^rine tie life of the captain, who in the fight has (frireiTa- bronze spear- head-through. Ins. .golden brfmet, M" Icanmriiaugins.to the mast alivea man those lands has pinned to the spar by a speai^ Isrust Takinir the tiller he steers to the mouth ol the Xile where his stramre .appearance and canro Sate great wonder. He gives a false name, IS" wel- Mmed bv the Ecvptian hich priest Rei, and us- introduced to the King -Pharaoh Heneptah and .his wife, ilncea 3Ieriamun. The queen displays great agitaaon on bebolmng Ulysses, and in a contidential inter-, riei with Hei, UJvsses learns the reason : and her don- Meriamunisthehslf-sisterof.lleneptah.bat in accordance with the Royal igvptnan custom, was. sleeted by her father, when Phaiaoh,.as the wife ofligieir to the crown. Sbesubmittedtothemamage. jhonffh hfltmi aieneptab, who is dull and slow-witted in comparison with her. Meneptah hunself.at first ferine- and afteriraros hating, -Meriaratm, alEO .con-' idles him6elf with a mistress, who, becoming openly insolent is openly poisoned by Menamim afc a ban-" que* before the king, to whom she bids.haughty defiance. Then bv her magic incantations with the help of Eei, she: recalls the spirit of- the .poisoned unman in order to makeherforetellher (Henamun's) destiny. The dead woman speaks and tells a story of lore anguish, and suffering, and gives Menamunthe token that the man who shall win her love and be her life's sorrow will present himself to her. m a golden helmet with horns and a bronze .spear-head fixed in it. The high pnest having .concluded the story, Ulvssesiisfcs lum what inference he draws ifrom the erotic token and his ownapparentfulfilmeutthereof. Eei replies that he beheres Ulysses fwho islcnown to him by the name of Eperitus) is the man who is to. hlingthc doom of love andiloss to Queen Menamun and of death upon himself. He exhorts TUlysses toreturn whence necame, hut this the latter cannot da, ayine that he seeks not the love of the Queen, but another love, and must seekher tallhe.dies. Thereafter going to the royal banquet,-Ulysses keeps on' his armour and-retains his sword and bow,-being •BBrnedbv the magic song of- Che latter that war is at Visa In the midst of the banquet enter, despite the guards of the palaces, two envoys of - the Hebrews.. then retained as slaves in Egypt, and demand of : Pharaoh tlrnt he shall let Jehovah's people go, reminding him of the nine : plagues' which hwealreadv been brought "upon the land , of Khem <E«TOt), inconsequence ofhiB lefasal, and warning himtliatif hestnl refuses, Jehovah will smite the £ist-bom of the land, from the household, •[tic Pnnce to that of the slave. •• Pharaoh is about to grant the demand when the Queen interposes, declares that the plagues which have-fallen on the landareduetothcaugerofthegods at the worship' of the people of a strange and re&uta; f ul 'woman - who': has a»me mystenously from the North, and established herself m the city as the Divinity of l.ovCj Bsinping the honour and worship ^due .to. .the. Divine Bathor. ^Heriamun detiores that:the plagues will nerer cease until the woman is slain, and-that she needslheservieesof the Apura slaves (theHebrews) totrnOd more citiesfor her.. The-Hebrew envovs are. hereupon dismissed wich a flat refusal of their request, and Ulysses, desiring to.know more of the flrangeandbeautifulwoinanworshipped asHalhor, Fbaraoh tells him : the story. Twenty-three years before, m the reign of .his. father, the priests of the Dmne Eathorhad found mthe inner sanctuary of their temple a woman : fairer than human eye erer before beheld. : She smiled sweetly, and sang ntbsnch sweetness that all. who-beheld her were smitten with the madness. of lore, and - eagerly songht tocometo her; bntmystenoiispowers forced , them back, and when any madly persevered, theclang cf swords was heard,-and the intruder fell dead, but with neper a wound mark .upon hira. The pnests and people declared -that- the Toman waa - the Divine Hathor beiself tome back to earth, end- worshipped.her-as the goddess.: This endured for .three years, andthenone morning: the place of tueStrange Hathor -wasifoundTacant-^-, Abe bad departed.AS unvstenously.-as-she-'Came.:! Twenty rears afterwards & .-messenger came to ^the- Hmg announcing that Che Ooddess had-returned,:' uahehimself sawherbeauty andheard her*oice, ' and would hare pressed to her, but -miK,forcea back by the invstenous powers that guarded her, - and fearmg death,. he had never-again.viieheld. her. Kenamun added that -the btrauge Bathor was no goddess, bnta me9re sorceress, and that a man would 3et be found to break through her spells and slay her. Ulysses, she thought, might .be. such a man, tat she advised himjiot to go up against the sorceress,-, lest he, too, might be bewitched and lost; Ulysses lunted that the help of the gods might aid him-in the undertaking, but thatBO beautiful a woman was fitter for love toan death. This aroused the Queen's: ]ea£ouBv, and she declared that assuredly the-witch. should be sbum. TOE EIGHT OP DEEAB. The feast dragged slowly on, for Fear was of the company. The-men. and women were silent, and when they drank, it was as if one had poured a little oil on a dying fire- Infe tw& up in them for a moment, their laughter came like the. crackling of thorns, and then Hey were silent again/ Meanwhile the Wanierer drank little, waiting to see what should come. But the Queen was watching liun whom already her heart desired, and she only ef all the company had pleasure in this banquet. Suddenly a side-door opened behind file dais, there was a star in tlie ball, each gnest " taming his - bead fearfully, for ali expected some evil tidings. Butit was only the entrance *f those who bear about in the feasts of Egypt an effigy of theiBead, the likeness of a mummy carved in wood, and who.ery, ( ' Drink, 0 King, and be glad, thou shalt soon be even as he I Dnnk, and be glad." The stiff, swathed £gore, with its folded hands and-gilded face, wasbrought before.the King, andHeneptah, who had sat long- in sullen brooding .silence, : it&rted; when he looked on it. > Then he broke into an angry laugh. • "We have little need of thee to-night," he tned, as he saluted the symbol of Osrns. " Death is near enoncrh, we want not thy silent pleaching. Death, Death is near!" He fell back in bis gilded chair, and let the cap drop from his hand, gnawing hiB beard. - " Art thou a man r " spoke :Menamunj in a low, clear voice, " are you.menand-yet afraid' »f what comes to all ? Is it only to-mgM.that we first hear the name .of Death ? 38emember : te great Men-kau-ra, • remember the old: Pharaoh who built the .Pyrami4.of Hir. > He: was ju6t and kind, and he feared the Gods, and for his reward they showed ium Death, coming on ium in six short years.: Did he ecowi and k™ble, hke all of you to-night, -who are scared by the threats of slaves ? -Nay, heoutwitted[ theGodSjhe made Eight into day, he Jived ont hnee hiB years, with revel ajid love and wine in the lamp-lit groves of jiersea trees. -Oome. my pests, letus be merry, if it be but for an lionr. . : flnnk. and bo brave'." . ' i.-.i .••.•••••••• "For once thou speakest well," said the hing. " Dnnk and forget; the Gods>who give Heath pve wine." -and his angiy ieyes ranged ttiough the hall, to seek some occasion -of ®ir& and scorn- - . " • " Thou Wanderer T " -.he: -said, Enddeniy.-. "Thou dnnkest not; Xliave watched thee as the cups go round; -what, >man, iliou earnest) iranthe North, the sun of thy pale Jand.has Mt heat -enough to foster - the vine. Thou ««mest cold, and a drinker of water ; wlywilt • won lie cold before thine hour f Como, pledge: me in ths red wine of Khem- Bring fortfe the ™P of Pasht."' he cried to them who waited, bemg forth the cup "of-Pasht,:, the King innis!" -•:. '•• -.- ,. Then the chief bntler of Hmraoh went to the measure-house, and came again, bearing a buge: golden cup, fashioned in the form of a lion's head, and holdingtwelvc measures of wine. It ws an ancient cupj sacred to 3?asht, and a gift (lie liuteunu to Thotiunes the Greatest of 'Fill it full of onuiixed wine !" cried ihc " Dost thou grow pale at the sight or tte cap, thou Wanderer from the Korth ?,;,-: i pledge thee, pledge thou me "Say,King." said the Wanderer, " I have yarf nine of Xsmarus before to-day, and I have Jnuk with a wild host, the Man Bater'" Por ™ heart was angered by the Kuig and hefor- E»t his wisdom, bttt -tlie Queen marked the "Tag " rhen pledge me in the cap o£ Pasht 1" I pray thee, paidon me," said Uie "Wan.- .•«®Br,'." for wine makes •wifie menfoolifih/and 'ttong men weak, and to night methuiks we needour wits andonr efcrength *" . Craven!" cried Jlie King, "give me the I drmk to thy better -courage, Wanand lifting the great golden cup, lie wot up ana drank it anditKeu 'droppedstagi pong into his «hwr. hisieaS fallen onius •feast. ' ^ i ' - f "I may not refuse a Imr's ohallBnge, g^it is ill to -enteiid jntboitfiioB^," said •AH^igWsneseiyfijb theJWanderer, turning somewhat pale, for he w^manger "Giveme the bowl''' ±1® took the cup, and tela it hiP-h - then pouruig a little forth %o hisCkX hefaiL m a ^eaxvo^forbe was surredtol^i^nd "Tdt Mil to tl e Strange Hathoi RPtTfl^®' ^med the mighty cup, and f"^?™ the lioard, and even as £e laid dowa the cup, and as the -^ueen looked at him wrath, there came from the BoW. beade his seat a famt sbnlljiound, anngmg Md asmgmg of the Bow, a noise of runLi| strxngiand a sound nsof rushing aiiows • 1 ® 1 ine warrior heard it, and his eves burned jnth the light of battle, for heweulte^Ll the swift sharts sliould soon % to the hearts of' tuo doomed.. Pharaoh awoke -and heard, and lady Menamim the Queen ana she looked on the Wanderer astonished, and looked on tlie Bow that sang J ' . - \- " a 'he minstrel's tale was true! This is nono oUier iut the Bow of Odysseus, lhesackor of citees," said Menaoitm. " Hearken . thou, -Mpentus, thy great bow sings aloud. How- • comes it that thy bow sings "For this cause, Queen," said the Wan'- d^er, "because birds gather on the Bridge of .VVbj:. Soon shall- shafts be flying and ghosts go down,to doom.- Summon thy Guards,Ibid thee, for foes are near." ' Terror conquered the drunkenness of £haraoh; - he. fcade the GnardB'who stood behind the chair summon-aE their company, ihev went forth and a great hush fell upon the •Hall of Banquets and upon those who sat at meat therein, j The silence grew- deadly stilLlike air; beiore .the thunder, and men's hearts < sank Within them, and . turned to water in their breasts. Only Odysseus-wondered aiid thonght' on the battle to ..be,-: though'(vhence the foe m I S a t como he 3niew not, and Meriamnn sat erect in her ivory chair and looked down the •glorious hall-- • - - - : ::• : • . Deeper grew the silence and doeper • yet,' andmore and more the cloud oi fear gathered in the hearts of men. Then suddenly through all the hall there was a rush hke the rush of mighty wings. The deep .foundations of the palaeerocked, and to the sightof men the roof: above seemed to burst asunder, andlo ! above them, against the inky blackness of the sky, there swept a shape of Fear, and the stars shone through its raiment. - -.- . _ - • - '. . - Then- the roof-closed in again, -and fcr a moment's space • once more .there was silence,' whilst men looked with white faces, each on' . each,. and even the stout heart of the Wanderer stood sill). ..••-.•••-" J:-' -. .'. '-:::.-•• 1 lien suddenly all adown the hall, from this place and from that, men rose up and with one great- cry fell down dead, this one across the board, and . that one on the floor- The Wanderer grasped his how and counted.' From among those who satat meat twenty and one had fallen dead. Yet those who lived sat gazing emptily, for so stricken with fear were they that scarce did each one know if it was lie , himself who lay dead or his brother who had sat by Ins side. : • i But Kenamun looked down the hall with cold eyes, for she feared neither Death nor life, nor.God nor.man. -And while she looked and while the Wanderer .counted, there rose a faint murmuring sound from the city without, a sound that grew .and grew, the thunder : of myriad feet - that run before the deaths of Jongs. Then the doors buret asunder and a woman sped through" them in her night robes, and in her arms-ehe bore the naked body of a boy, "Pharaoh!" she cried, "Pharaoh, and thou, O Queen, look upon thy son—thy firstbornson—dead is thy son, O Pharaoh. Dead is thy son," O Queen! In my arms he died as- I lulled him .to hiB rest,'-' and she laid the body, of the child down on the board - among .the vessels of gold, among the garlands of lotus flowers and the beakers of rose-red wine. Then Pharaoh rose- and rent lis purple robes and wept aloud, and Meriamnn roBe too, and her eyes were terrible with wrath • and grief. • -- ,- •' ,--...' ' " See now the curse that this evil woman, this false Hathor, has brought noon us,", she said.. :.: • But the very guests Bprang np crying: " It . is not the Hathorwhom we worship, it is not the holy Hathor, it is the Gods of those dnrV Apura whom thou, O Queen, wilt not lot go. • On tbyhead and the head of Pharaoh be jt,7'and even • as they cnea the murmur without grew to a shriek of woe, a shriek so wild and terrible that the Palace walls rang. Again that shriek Tose, and :jet a third time. Never was such a ery heard an Egypt. • And now for the first time m all his' tla^B -the face of the Wanderer igtew white with fear, and mfear of -heart he prayed for succour to , his -GoddessT-to . Aphrodite, the daughter of Dionie^ ~ -;- Again the'^oors bohindthQprburstopen'^Gkd the guards Soclced m—-mighty men of foreign lands, but now their faces were wan, their eyes stared wide, and their laws -:hnng down.. - But .atthe sound of the clanging of .their harness, the strength of the "Wanderer came back to "him agfun. for -the Gods and - their - vengeance he feared, but not the sword of man. And now once mors the bow sang aloud. - He grasped it, he bent it with his migh-ty knee. and etrong it, orymg: " Awake, Pharaoh, awake 1 Toes draw on. Sots be these all the men t" Then the captain answered: " These be all of the guard left living m the palace. The rest are eterk, smitten by the angry Gods." . Now as the captain spake, one came running tip the hall heeding neither the dead-nor the living.' It was the old pnest Eei, the commander of theXegion-of Amen, who had., been -•the Wanderer's guides and his looks-were wild .with.fear. " Hearken, Pharaoh,?' he cried,", thy people he dead by thousands m the Btreets—the houses are full of dead. In the temples of Ptah and of Amen many of the pnest* have fallen dead also." " Hast thou more to tell; old man ?" cried the Queon. • -:• The tale : has not" all been told;- Q Queen. / The soldiers are mad with fear and with the: sight of death, and slay their captainsj-bardy" have! escaped from those in my command of the Lt^ion of Amen. For they swear that this " death has been brought upon the land because Pharaoh would not let the Apura go. Hither, then, they come to : slay Pharaoh, and thee also, O Queen, .and with them come many thousands of people catching np such arms as he to their hands:": • :-•-.: Now Pharaoh sank down groaning, but the" Queen spake to the Wanderer : •-.-. " Anon thy weapon sang of war, Eperitus; now war is at the gates." . .- . - - -: " Little I fear the rush of battle and the. blows men deal m anger; lady;"' he -made answer, " though a man may fear the GodB -withoutshame. -Oh, guards, closenp^close up" round me I 'liook; not so palefaced nowdeathfrom the Gods is done with and we have but to:, fear thesword of men " , - So great was his mien and so glorious was his face as he cried thus, and ono by one drew his long arrows, forth and laid them on the board, that- the trembling guards took heart, and to the. number--of 'mty: and one xanged themselves on the edge of the dais in a, double .line. Then they- alsomade ready !: their bows and. loosened the: arrows in their quivers. : JSTow from without there came a roar, of-men, and anon, while those of the house ef Pharaoh, and of the guests and nobles who sat at the feast and. yet lived; fled behind .'the soldiers, -the brazen doors were burst -in with mighty. blowB, and through them a great armed multttude surged, along :•: the "haU. There came soldiers broken froimtheir ranks. , There came- :the embahnersof the dead; their hands were over full of work to-night, but: -they left . their work undone: : Death had :Smitten some even of these, and their.. fellowB-did-not., shrink. :back ..from: them now: There came the smith, black fromthe forge, and the scribe, bowed with endless writing; 'and the dyer with his spuqile hands ; andthe fieher-iromiliestream zandthe stunted weaver from the loom; and the leper from the temple ;gates. They-were mad with lust of life, a starveling life that- the King.had tased; whenhe let not the Apura go. They were mad with, fear of death; ••. .their.-, women followed them with dead children" m iheirarms. They smote down the golden furmslungs, they tore thcsiiken hangings, they cast the empty cups of ihefeastat the faces 7 -of "the trembling ladies," and cried aloud for the blood of the Kuig. ' Where is Pharaoh'" -they yelled, " show. us Pharaoh and the QueenMenamun,- that:: we, jnay elav them. Dead'are-ouijBrstbom : .they lie: in heaps;-as the- flsh lay whenSihor.ran-red-with, blood. 'Dead 'are they because of.the curse that hasbeenbroughtuponasbytheprophetsofHie Apura, whom Pharaoh and Pharaoh's Queen y^t hold in Khem." Now as -they cried they saw Pharaoti ^enepta}i :coweriiig :belimd±he double.liiie of guards, and -they -saw the-QuepniMenamutf who : cow^d<;aot,^1jut:sfoods,:silentsa"bove:the5 din. Then she thra6t her way through the guards, and yet holding the naked body of the; boyto her breast, stood before them with eyes'? that flashed more "bnghtly than, the U^aeoS' J crovm upon her brow. " -"Back""' she'eaed, "iack'' --'It is not; "Pharaoh, it ^S" not Ij -who have brought this <leaih upon von, M?or we, too, have death here imdahe held tip the^ody*other-dead; »0ru "Jlls ttat'3alse mthor wiomyewcrr -ship, that Watch of mKny-a^oiee^ndinanr^.: face, who tarns your hearfa faint With loya. •hftJ^eye^-enduM thesB/woegj all this «afh. S»j Iwit hertfl»yl« itsoi fro»t stone, -and rend , her beauty* limb from r limb, and be avenged and free the land from curses A moment the people stood and hearkened muttering, .as stands the lion that is about'te' spring, while those who pressed without sned:: "Forward! Forward!Slay theim.!: Slay theml" Then -as iwith one voiee" they screamed . ... ." The, Hathor. w© love, liut you we iate, for ye have brought these woes upon us; and ve shall die."'. v • • " They cried, they brawled, they cast footstools .anarstones at the guards, and then a certain tallman among themdrew-a bow. Straight atthe Queen's fair breast he mmed his arrow and swift and true it sped toward her.-: She sawthe; light-gleam upon its shining barb, and then she did what no woman but Meriamun would have done, no mot to save herself from death— :.she held -out the naked .'.body of her son-as a warrior holds, a shield.- .The -/arrow struck through and through- it,. piercing the tender flesh, aye, and. pricked her breast beyond, so that she let the dead boy fall. • The Wanderer saw it and wondered at the horror of the deed. . Then- shouting aloud the ternbie war-cry of the Achajans' he leapt upon the board beforelinn, and as he leapt his golden armour clanged. Glancmg round he fixed an arrow to the string and drew - to; tos-ear -that great :bbw" which none but he might bo much as bend Then he loosed, thB : string sang:like a swallow, and the shaft screamed through the air; Down the glorious hall it sped, and full onthe breast .of.him who had lifted bow against the Queen the bitter arrow struck, nor might his harness avail to stay it. Through the body of him it passed • and with blood-red' . feathers ';-flew -and smote ;;another. who-stood "behind ; him, so that.his knees aiso wore loosened, and together -they iell^ead upotfthe floor. *••"•'•- Kow, while the people stared and wondered,- agam the bow-stnng sang.like a Swallow, again the- arrow screamed in its flight, and he who : stood before it got his death, for the shield he wore was pinned to hi6 breast. ' - ' : ; ; Then-wonder tnmed to rage ;'the multitude wiled forward, and from either side-the-air grew dark "With, arrows. For -the -guards - at i ;sight of the shooting of . the Wanderer found heart and fought well and manfully. Boldlv also the-slayers came on, end. behind them .pressedmany-ahundredmeii.. :The.Wanderer's • golden helm flashed steadily, a beacon in- the storm. Black smoke burst out in the hall; the hangmgs flamed and tossed in a wind-from the opened door. The lights were struck from the' hands of the golden images, arrows' stood thick in the tables and the rafters, a spear pierced through the golden cup of Pasht. -But out of the darkneEB and -smoke and dust, and the ciy of battle^ and through the rushing of the rain of arrows, sang the swallow-stnng of the black bow of Burytus, and the long shafts shrieked : as they sped on them who were npe to die: Tn: vain did the shaftsof the slayers smite uponthat : golden - harness: - They . :were ' but as hail upon .the temple roofs, but as-driving' snow upon the wild stag's horns. They struck, they rattled, and down they dropped like snow; or boundedback : and !ay upon the board. • -lhe swallow-string : sang, the ; black bow twanged; and the bitter arrows shrieked as thev J flew • No wall the Wanderer?s shaftsi were spent, and he ]udged that their case- was desperate. For out of -the doors of the hall that were behind them, and from the chambers of the women, armed anen bnrst -in : also,:taking them on the: flank and rear. But the Wanderer was old in war, and without a, match in ; all its "ways. The captain of the guard was slam, by a spear stroke, and the Wanderer took his place, calling to the men, such ofthem as they were left alive, to form a circle on the dais, and m^the centre he set those of the house of -Pharaoh and the women •who were at the feast. Butto Pharaohhe oast a slain man's sword, bidding him strike far life and throne jf henever .strnck before; but the heart srasout of FIlsjsoIi bsc&uss; of ths do&th; - of his son, and the wine about bin wits, and-the terrors he had seen. Then Meriamnn the Queen snatched the sword from-his trembling hand - and stood holding it "to - guard 1 her life. 1 .For .she disdained'- to" crouch' upon the - ground -as did the other women, but stood upright behind' the Wanderer,'and heeded not the spears and arrows -that dealt death on every hand. - But Pharaohstood; : hi» : face buried in his hands. • 1 • .Now. the slayers ..came: on,' shouting and clambering uponjihe dais. Then the Wanderer rnshed on them with sword drawn, and shield onhigh, and so swift he -Emote that men might notgulird, for ±hcy- caw, asit were, ihroo fiVf-GTrdB. aloft at once, ,and the silver-haftod swordiiit deep, the gift of Phffician Euryalus long ago. The guards also smote' and thrust - "it was for their lives they fought, and back rollad the tide of foes; leaving: a swathe of dead. So a" Becond tune they came on, and a second time were rolled back. • How, o the..defenders, few were left unhurt, and their strength was, well-mgh spent. But the Wanderer cheered, them with great words, though his heart grew fearful for file end; and Henamunthe Queen also bade them be of jjoodcourage, and, if need be, die hke men. Then .once agam the wave of .war rolled m upon them, and fierce and • desperate . grew the strife: The iron hedge of spears was well-nigh - broken;. - ana now ' the Wanderer, doing such deeds as' had not been known in - Khem, stood alone between • Menamun the Queen and theswords that.thirsted for- her life, and the life of Pharaoh. Then of a -sudden, from far down-the great hall of banquets, there came a loud cry that rose above the clash of swords, ihe groans of men- and all the dm of battle:'... •••-•• • •-•'- •• -•. "-"-'• 'f Pharaoh — Fharaoh — Pliaratlt !" rose: a. voice. " Wilt; thou now let the people go?" Then he who smote -stayed his hand -and he: who .guarded dropped his shield. The battle ceased; and all - turned to look. • There,: at; the end of the hall; among the dead and dying, there stood the two ancient : men of the Apura, -and in:.their hands were cedar: rods " It is the Wizards—Hie Wizards of the Apura, V. men cned, and shrank this way. and ; that, thinking no more on war. . The ancient men drew nigh.- No heed took they of the dying or the dead. On they walked, - through :blood and wine and fallen-: tibles and scattered arms, till they stood before- the Pharaoh " Pharaoh—Pharaoh—Pharaoh ."' they cned again: ". Dead are the firstborn of Khem at the hand of Jahveb. Wilt thou let the people go?" Then Pharaoh lifted his face and cried: -'; " Get you gone—you and nil that is.yoors: ' Get you gone , swiftly,, rind let Jvhcm see your., face no more." . .. . - . .-.-. . -; •:- The.peoplfiheard.-.and-thelivingleftthe hall, and silence fell on the city and on the dead who died of the sword, and -the : dead who died of thepeBhlence. Silence fell,:and sleep,-and the. Gods' best gift—forgetf ulness. . RI-:. A, :.:-' Y- , :-••• • . TO BE'COTT-LNUiSll. -- .: :-: : ::: - 