TAR RUN. Ijt pioneer days, Dingers Kim, or Old Tar, as the inhabitants facetiously cajied it, had, the reputation of being Jiaunted; and the stories told of ghostly sights and sounds -tferewell calcnlated to make a timid person feel nerfoas if he found himself alone on: the road afte* tttghtfall^ Although it xv&e; & noticeable fact that the people who saw the ghosts were those who stopped to quench their thirst at the Three Mile House before they started on their journey home, yet many were crednloas enoaga to believe the tales that were told, and ^luxnarcas were the ludicrous scenes and laughable accidents that occurred in consequence. One old toper, who Jiffl? not been gifted with second sight, sneered at the marvellous adventures of his Mends of the fcar-room, and came to the'conclusion that he also would see a ghost if it were to he seen at a 1L Accordingly," one night, after he had fortified himself with a few drinks, and had stored a fell bottle in his pocket, he started for home With theavowed determination of' sesinc a spectre if possible. Not far" up the Run was'an especially haunted spot, and here our toper stopped to ■watch for the ghost. Looting around for a comfortable Beat ise espied a small straw stack, and on this he comfortably deposited himself to wait until the midnight intruder pat in an appearance. " And there I sat and watched for that Warned old ghost to come," he afterward said, when relating his experience; "but it Was mighty slow a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the bottle, just to keep myself warm^ aid pretty soon I did not Imow anything Bntil dayligit; and then I found myself standing oft. my head in a hollow, and my feet up agin the straw stack. I must have slid off, or Mr. Ghost came along and knoeked me off for spite. ,But"—-this ■ftith a snort of disgust—"I did not see any sperrets, and HI be hanged if I ..believe there is afly; and if the fellows that see so many would keep sober like I do, J&ey; would not see one either." Another man—a yc/Hz>g one—did not fare quite 60 well. He had escorted his lady j love home from church, one night, and had to pass the haunted place to reach his home again. After lingering as long as be dared, Jhe started for his destination. The night was intensely dark, and to make it worse, a drizzHnsrain tad set in. With eyes and ears alert he drew near the spectre's haunt. There was no way of escape; he most go forward or back; so mustering all his courage, he essayed to pass the spot as quickly as he could. But just then he heard a slight sound, and stumbled on something lying in the path, which. something, with a bellow of affright, sprang to its feel and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghost-sec? with it for a few yards, and then dropped bias, half dead with fright. How he reached home the youth never knew, but reach there he did in a short space of time. Then, when he bad recovered from his fright, and collected his scattered senses, he knew it must have been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; but his thoughts were of the ghost when he fell, and he was sore be had stumbled upon it. And now comes a strange sequel to our Streplion's adventure. Some years afterward, a tin box filled with gold and silver was found under the very spot on which he fell; and it would be very hard to convince the dwellers at the Kun that his disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that the calf was its iptmediate and ostensible cause. 