BRITISH AND FOREIGN. A fasting girl in Bourdeilles, in the de partment of the Dordogne/ France, who : endeavored to emulate the feats of Tanner, : Succi. and Jacques— has died at her home. Hc-ronetitution was completely shattered after h?r fai-t of 33 days. When she I returned to her cottbge she tried to eat a little, but her stomach was unable to bear i the food, and she succumbed in a few days. - Some extremely curious and rare frescoes I nave been discovered on tne walls ot tne | parish church of St. Breage, Cornwall, of the date of about 1400. There is a figure of the : Saviour 10ft high, and from all parts of the body streams of blood are issuing from | emblem* of various trades, such as ancbors, shears, battle-axes, pruning hooks, netting^ needles, mason's mallets, plumber's beads, harps, and others. On the occasion of the ninetieth birth- ; day of (ieueral Field Marshal Count Moitke it is intended to found a charitable institution as an enduring memorial of the great services ot the celebrated German strate^is'. to the Fatherland. A p istenger elevator to the summit of Mount Blanc is proposed by an American mining engineer. The shaft is to be of eight compartments, each 6ft equate, and each to carry a triple-decked elevator for 27 passen gers. A notable present was made by the town of Itiiljbon to the Archduchess Marguerite, daughter of the Archduke Joseph, on her recent marriage to the Prince of Thurn and Taxis. This is a palatial railway carriage, ia which every need of a lady of rank in travelling is anticipated. Even a safe ia provided for her Jewels, and there are foHing mirrors in which, when she leaves tbe hands of her dressers, she may see herself all round, and from the feather of her bonnet to tbe tip of hef toe. These mirrors were supplied by a firm of cabinet makers in Paris. While the population of Francd is practi cally stationery, and in some parts is actually dwindling, the birth statistic* in French Canada indicate & totally different condition of things. Among the descen dants of the French settlers in the , Dominion the birthrate is exceptionilly high. In illustration of this, a curious cir cumstance 16 related in an official report. The Government of Quebec recently pro vided tbat every father of a family having 12 or more children living Bhould be en titled, under certain conditions of settle ment, to 100 acres of lBnd. Since the day appointed for receiving claims, there have been no less than 547 duly proven applica tions, and fresh cl6ims are coming iu, which it is erpected wili raise she total to be tween 700 and 800 Mr Gladstone ie continuing his articles on the Old Testameut in Good Worke. Nature evidently intended him lor a theologian and an Archbishop ; accident made him a statesman. The subtlety he uoe unporiea into poiiiicai aiscusaion, al though admirable as a weapon in contro versial religious discussion, where tbe | meaning -of words ia singularly elastic, is i out of place in practical politic.0. He treats the Irish question in the same spirit as Genesis and the Mosaic tradition. The I result is, no one exactly knows what his | The Emperor William is most anxious to I induce the Queen to visit Berlin in Nov ember, in order that Her Majesty may be present at the wedding of Princess Vic toria of Prussia and Prince Adotphus of Sjhaumburg-Lippe. The ceremonial is to be of great splendor, and the Emperor appears to be specially desirous to obtain the attendance of the most important members of hiB mother's family; but it is very improbable the Queen will consent to undertake sur-h a journey in winter, and I fancy sbe would be supported in her ob jections by Sir William Jenner. The Queen will no doubt depute the Pnnce and Princess of Wales to represent her at the wedding aa they did last autumn at the marriage of the Duke of Sparta aud Prin cess Sophia of Russia. It is understood that the Queen con templates appointing the Emperor William to be an honorary colonel of one or the principal cavalry regiments of tbe British service in return for his Imperial Majesty last year having made the Queen honorary oloubl of the Royal DragToug of the Ger man Guard, which now bears the name Queen ol England's Own The St, Petersburg correspondent of the Daily Telegraph telegraphs a resume of the subjects wbicn he has authority for assort ing were discussed a* tbe recent meeting between the German Emperor and the Czar of Bussin. It is understood that tbe Russian monarch gave strong proofs of his pacific intentions; and, recogni-ing that the Bulgarian difficulty was one of tbe Chief dangers threatening the tranquility of Europe* he agreed to consider the advisability of accepting the ttatu* -juo, and to consent to negotiations with the present rulers of that country for the pur pose of establishing a nodus civendi. The Czar also agrees to withdraw bis troops from the frootier if Germany sots the example. Austria, too. is to be conciliated by an arrangement, which, while annexing Bosnia and Herzegovina to the dual empire, will reserve llu^a's right to pre vent radical changes in tbe Government of Servia. The correspondent adds that the feeling produced by the meeting of the two Emperor* in that the European peace was never so b-eeure sinr,n tboHusso-Turbish An eight-wheoled railroad church has be«n built «vt Tiflis for use on tbeTrane caucaeian line. It is surmounted by a cross at one end, and at the other is a handsome belfry with three bells. It can seat 70 persons. The altar is made of carved oak. It has apartments for tbe priest. London ground rents to the amount of £237 000 a year are included in the frown n»v»-nues which recently c&me; under the conndera'ion of the Select Committee on Woods and Foreais and Land Bevenues of the Crown. The number of houses from which this income drawn is over 4030, and t he l^a^es of nearly .'1000 expire in the next 25 o.- iJU y^ars. Ths ratable value of the houses amounts to about fc'.JOO.OOO 0 year The gift* total receipts of the Department ol Woods and Forests from property in Great BrUflti and Ireland, the isle ot Man, and Mdu^e^istiverlialf a million a ^.twwnSUOOO-; iv.uuU pertine died by Or violence in Bengal last year. Some very Interesting faose of crime are revealed by a 8cotch sheriff. He knew of one woman who, between the years 1844 and 186&, was committed to prison 16T times for being drubkj and itrhen druiik her invariable practice waa to smash Windows. .A man when drunk stole nothing but Biblee, and was transported for bis seventh theft. Another man stole nothing but spades i a woman stole nothing but shofi'; another nothing but shawls ? - The Vienna correspondent of the JkUUf XYironitik telegraphs that tbe exodus ol Sews from'BUesia still Continues, thousands of ' faxhlii.es having during the last few weeks left for Brazil. Jh the private schools of .Berlin a 'ghost** scare U said to' have arisen, which lias assumed the character of a nervoiu disease , amongst the pupils. Sir Baldwin Walker, captain of Her Majesty's ship Emerald, on August 27. ' entered his defenoe in the action for tres pass brought against him by Mr Baud, the owner of one of the twenty-six fact -ries wbich the British commander ordered to be closed during tbe agitation over the Anglo French tnoaus vivendi last June. Sir Baldwin Walker maintains that his action wi-i» justified by his instructions from the Imperial Government. The trial will come on for hearing in November. London is said (on the authority of the San Francis Argonaut) to have no less than 18,000 w newspaper women,' and the L idles School of Journalism turns out fresh , material at the rate of 200 a term. There are no ltss than twenty-two press clubs, where the f-sic scribblers meet to luuch, read, and exchange notes. The successes are few aud tbe salaries lamentably small. It is by no mean* certain (the London correspondent of tfae Birmingham Po t understands) that Mr Smith's translaiiou to the Upper H mse will take place before the next te'sion. It is reported that he hasaloiost consented, at Lord Salisbury's request, to resume the leadership of the House of Comm}n». A .great deal, of c.tutae, will depeud upon the state of the ri«{Ut lun. gentlemau'a health wheU' the timtf draws near for the laithful Comaions to reassemble. Mr bmith, it is believed, - h is no personal desire to s ek the seclusion wbioh the House ol Loras grants, *and no ambhion for a title. After a course of witers at La Bourb^ule, Mr Smith will probably go for a yachting tour round the I coast ol Scotland. 