MARRIAGE OF THE REV. W. CHARLES PRITCHARD. We take the following account of the above event from the Castlemaine Leader of 8th inst : — The Rev. Mr Pritchard, M.A., Incumbent of the Episcopalian Church at Hay, and Miss Crawford, daughter of the Ven. Archdeacon Crawford, of Castlemaine, were united in holy wedlock at Christ Church this morning. The bridegroom arrived by the ten o'clock train, and at half-past ten, the time appointed, pro- ceeded to the church, attended by the Rev. J. F. Hughes and J. Wilmott, Esq. Miss Craw- ford having been extensively known in the district since childhood, not so much on account of Castlemaine being the place of her nativity, as by her usefulness in charity and church work, a large congregation assembled to see her marriage solemnised. The members of the choir and Sunday school teachers felt a special interest in the event, and yesterday pleased themselves in decorating the church with white flowers. Over the Communion Table was a most handsome spectacle of white chrysanthemums interspersed with maiden hair ferns. Such were also continued round the Choir stalls. At the inside door of the northern entrance was suspended a large mar- riage bell also composed of white chrysan- themums and maiden heir ferns, with fes- toons on either side. The bell was very artistically accomplished by Mrs and Miss Sinclair; the festoons by lady mem- bers of the choir. Mr Pritchard was not kept waiting for his bride, and her arrival was heralded by the strains of the organ in the well-known hymn, "The voice that breathed o'er Eden," the choir singing the words as the bridal party marched up the church. The bride was attired in a handsome though plain tucked and embroidered muslin dress with white moire sash. The usual wreath and orange blossoms were dispensed with, their place being taken by a white tulle bonnet with silver flowers. Miss Norman and Miss Pritchard, sister of the bridegroom, were bridesmaids, and were attired in elegant cos- tumes of Japanese green cashmere with bon- nets to match. The marriage was then solemnised by the Rev. Canon Chalmers, of Brighton, the incidental psalms and res- ponses being well rendered by the choir and congregation, The Rev. E. A. Crawford gave the bride away. After an eloquent exhorta- tion by the Rev. Canon Chalmers, Mr and Mrs Pritchard and their attendants received the holy Communion. The customary blessing — "The peace of God, which passeth all under standing keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and of His Son Jesus Christ our Lord, and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost be amongst you and remain with you always"— was then bestowed, the organ peeled forth the "Wedding March," and the party receded down the aisle to the vestry to sign the marriage register. The large con- gregation dispersed after the happy couple had withdrawn to the parsonage. Mr and Mrs Pritchard went to Melbourne this after- noon, and are to proceed to Lorne to spend their honeymoon. A large number of the congregation of Christ Church and friends sent handsome presents to the happy couple as small tokens of their good wishes. 