MB. AND MRS. BOWSER. TBy Mbs. Bowsis.1 m. suiipose sax. nofser u just use ail otner husbands la nnrd co mossy matters, and I hope no one will get the idea that I am speak ing in a complaining tone. It is the duty of ? wue to pas up wun winterer queer t&tngs; her haaband'a nature may develop, and no wife must wonder over a husband's inconsis tencies and incomprehensible aotiou. A few weeks before we were married he himself brought up the subject of money matters to my great embarrassment. In a sudden bntst of liberality he said— ' There i« one thine whioh. shall never hap pen in my house. Yon will never be obliged to aak me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives aa they would oolleotori come for an outlawed account. They pinoh, them down to the last shilling, and even then demand to know how that was expended. Such husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man,' ' Yea,' 1 replied, not knowing what else to ?ay. 'When we Are married,' he continued, ' half my income is your*. Why not ? We are tbe same, or will bathe same, as partner! in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual convenience and safety, yon have the same right to it as I have. When you want any, just go to thepooket book and help yourself.' We had been married several weeks when I wanted a couple of dollars. 1 happened to think of it as Mr. Bowser lay. asleep on the lounge one evening, and I therefore took out bis pooketbock, removed a .$2 bill, and re placed the rest as I found it. As I did so he jumped up, and yelled out :— 'Well, if that. isn't obeek then I don't know 'what the article is ! Married only six weeks, and yon are robbing your hus band!' * 'You told me to help myself,'. _ 'Never! I'd look pretty telling yon to rob me, wouldn't I !' ' But you said half your income belonged to me, and that I never need ask for money.' ' You must be crazy ! What oh earth oonld yon do with money ? ' Why, if you had $15 or $20 per week you'd run us to ruin in three months! I don't want to pinoh yon down as some wives are pinohed, but don't yon ever have the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again I When you want ohange I'll give it to you.' In the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked np almost caused me to choke on a moutbiul of potato.' 'A dollar!' he exclaimed. . ' YeB, you Baid I Bhould ask you whan I wanted any money.' 11 Humph ! Here it forty cents, and I hope you will exercise good judgmentin expending Two davs later he enquired Eow I had used the money, and by way of reply I said— 'Mr. Bowser, we have baen married eight weeks., Your income, aa you have informed me. is $40 per week.' ' W-wbat's that to do with this oase ?' 'A great deal, sir. You have had $280 come in since we were married. How have you spent it? Please get out your account book.'.. ' Are yon talking to me ?' ' Certainly. I am the same as a busi ness partner. How has that money gone 1' He tried to say something in reply, bat words failed him, and be put on bis hat and walked around the blook' to dool off. When be returned he bad; calmed down sufficiently to say— 'Mrs. Bowser, there must be a head to every house.' ? 'Yes.' * ' 'That head must see to money matters,' 'Yes.' 'I don't want to pinoh you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money U your money to a certain extent, it— It— ' ' 'It is not my money to another certain extent!' ? ' Well, the proper way.for you is to oonfer with me as to what yon need.'1 ' If yon want a oigar or a drink of beer or a street-oar ticket do you confer with me !' ?'But that's different.' ' Oh ! it Is 1 Vrry well— let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down — 1 strap for 1 petticoat, 2 cents ; 1 darning needle, 1 cent ; 6 agate buttone, 3 cents ; 1 coraat lace- ? ' 'Stop I' ho interrupted. 'As I said before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a halt, and yon needn't show me any bill of items.' We had not been married three months when I observed some very peculiar aotiona on tho part of Mr, BowBer, He wonld count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the morning. On two occasions I found his wallet in the hall-tree drawer when I came down first. Again, it was under the lounge in the Bitting-room. When I asked for an explanation of these queer pro ceedings he replied that it was to guard against burglars. One night, when he thought I waB asleep, he got np and took his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattressuB of the spare btd. An honr later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about forty dollars, This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got up, and presently I heard him dancing abont and shouting— 'By the great horn spoon ! but we've been robbed, Mrs. Bowaer !' ' Well ?' 'We had burglars in the house last night!' ?'.No!'; 'YeB, wehisd.' ' How do you know ?' ' Because my money ia gono!1 ' Where was it!' 'It was — -.' ? He cheoked himself there and mumbled something I could not hear, but when he came down he was white aa a ghost, and hia voiced trembled aa bo Baid :— 'Mrs. Bowser, do you think the cook is honest?' ' Why, of course. How could she coma la our bedroom and take your wallet out of your coat T' ? ? „, 'Strangest thing I ever saw, They took the money, but left the wallet.' At this moment he began searching his pookets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. Since then I have found his wallet in the washstand, in the bed, behind the bureau, under different chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the clock. Onoe he left hiB coat to have a button sewed on, 1 had not got around to It yet, and he had been gono an honr or more, when I looked out and saw him coming np the street on the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the bouse was on fire, and grew so weak that I had to fall into a chair. He jumped against the front door with a great bang, fussed around to unlook it, and finally rnsbed in to yell out— 'Where is my coat?' 'ls-ls the house afire ?' I asked. ' Thunder, no ! Where's my coat;' ' Why, hanging on the hall-tree.' ' And you've been into my wallet ? 'No, I haven't. I haven't even the coat.' . ....„,,. %. He gave an awful grunt of delight as he found the wallet safe, and, aa I afterwards ascertained, it contained exactly $7 and no more. . '; ? : ? ; 