THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; OR, ' Lady Clielwynd's Si>cctrc. By Mns. HARRIET HI:AVIS. CHAPTEU XVII.-(COXTIKUED) "No." said Bernice, "I cannot neknow-. ledge tli.it 1 am Lady Cfcetwynd." " It isn't ncuessarr. I knv.v you. Who rescued YOU from youreoilin 1 Wns it Gil bert Monk? What was the matter wi'th you in yourillmss? How came he to rescue you ?" " Why do you ask me all these questions ?" asked Bernice. " I cannot answer them. Let mo go. Let me po, I s:iy." . " By no mentis. I haven't bf-gun to speak to you yet. Y/e arc likely to l»e interrupted here,!'said Ragee. ». Come with me. Do not Lang back. I shall not hurt you." She grasped Bernice'sarin yet more tightly and hurried her forward with- swift im patience. They phmged into portions of the park which Bernice had never visited. And at last-they came out upon the border of a lovely little lake, formerly much used in winter by . the Chetwynds and their guests as a skating pond, The lake was lower tban the surface of .the park, and was enclosed by.high banks, whioh were covered with stately trees. The borders oi the lake were in shadow, but irs centre lay in the full sheen of the moon light, and looked like some great pellucid pearl. There was upon one bank oi the lake a small overhanging chalet of the Swiss order of architecture, which has been built for the use of skaters in winter. Its lower story opened dircctly from the lake, and was warmed in time of use by a little German porcelain stove. Its upper story, reached upon the landward side by a flight of stairs, was provided with a great wide balcony across. its entire front, where spectatcri bad been wont to sit and view the skaters. The upper room of the chalet was com pletely furnished, and was usually kept locked. Old Ragee had lately supplied lifer self with the keys of the buildiBg, with a view to her present use of it. r 8he half led, l;.alf dragged her victim up the long, . airy flight of outside stairs to the upper balcony of the elmlct. The roof was wide cud prejectimr, and the bal cony lay in deep shadow. The Hindoo hur ried Bernice along in the gloom to the door that gave upon the upper roomj and'there halted. T';cre weie rustic chaus and sofas in profusion upon the wide balcony. Ragee seated her captive upon a sofa and sat down beside her, keeping a close hold upon her, - They were upon the water side of the building, and the entire structure concealed thetn from view from ttfe direction w.henco they had coins. The lake lay before them, and was under their very balcony, and be yond were the dark and wooded shores also belonging" to the park.. R&gee; shot a keen glance into those distant shadows, and then, convinced that in the deep shade of the overhanging room she could not be seen even from the lake, she turned again to her youn» Captive. ° ..Wo are alone," she said, in ' a voice that thrilled Bernice with a strange terror " Alone, my lady I . Do you compre hend?" v " Yes," faltered Bernice. " We are alone." " Are you afraid ?"' "No. Why should I be? But it is all so strange. Let me go, Ragee. Oh, let me go I" "There, yon have confessed in the utter ance of my name, that you are Lady Chet wyna. Now I ask you again, and I ask it for the last time, what was the matter with you in your illness ?" She sirnc-c a taper, which she drew from a box in her pocket, and held the light to the girl's face. The face was very paie from emotion and weariness, but there was a brave and dauntless light- upon it, that eminated from a brave aiy? dauntless soul. And though Bernice. as before, refused to | answer the question, the old Hindoo woman searched fic-r features in vain for any knowledge of . t!is wicked attempts Upon her ladyship's life. It was evident that Monk had not betrayed to her his sister's guilt.. ."If you were to ssk me t.hfse questions all night,"said B.-rnice, " I still could not answer you. You are wasting time on me." Something of the trufh began to draw on the mind of the a«!»'e East "India woman. She bfjran to pifceiviT ih.it Bernice was fettered bv snaie promise given to Gilbert Monk. Evidently he was keeping the girl secluded * for a purpose. Did he clean treachery to his sister ? " I suppose," Il-igee said roughly, " that you are onncd by some oath, my lady.' What are you doim? at 'Ohetwynd Park playing ghost? Yi.mhr.va changed, grown beautiful, too, I suppose ; but what will your beauty a rail yn-j ? Perhaps you think to win back you former husband ? You 'might as well try to win back your lost babyhood." The light of the t«per flickered a:ir? went out, and the two were ceaiu in the shadow^ The Hindoo woman cju id rnt see how her words "affected her hearer, and went on harshly : " Lord Chetwynd :3 greatly annoyed at the appearance of your supposed apparition. Ho threatens to leave the Park if he is further haunted, aud it is natural that it should De so," continued the old Hindoo woman, with a fiuice intonation. "When people die, they should stay dead. "'The moat violent grief will wear away, and the n.ourners fill the deaf] one's . place with a new 1"7(', .1 the return of the dead to life would prove most awkward and embarrass ing. I'm sorry for you, malady, but for the sake <f otbera I rr.ust tetii-you the truth. Lord Chetwynd don't wan£.you back. He is'nappy with his first love^'and she adores him. Yon \rill corae back ta tbe home where you have long since ceased to be missed, and where you are not wanted. Your return to life and home will create j more misery than your supposed death." Every word of this speech pierced to I Bernice's very soul, yet she did not cry nor mean. The words were but a repetition of those with which Gilbert Monk had so cruelly stabbed her. It was as be had said her place was filled, and she was forgotten. Tbe girl arose-Kagee loosening her grip upon her-and walked unsteadily up the low railing of tbe balcony and leaned upon it. She was too weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her some mo- j ments with a singular gleam in her eyes, and a look of hatred so intense tbat it was odd the girl could not feel it. Then Ragee rose silently and crept across the balcony toward the girl till she arrived within some three or four feet of her. And then, with the bound of a wild beast, and an inarticu late rry on her lips, she hurled herself for ward upon the slender girl, caught her up in lier arms, and Hung her over the balcony into the waters oi the lake. Bernice's scream and her splash in the cold water were simultaneous. Old Eagee leaned upon the balcony, and looked over in the darkness. She was not prepared for the sight that met her ayeB. Bernicc was striking out with one arm feebly, but with the skill of a swimmer, for a distant point of the shore. The girl's instinct warned her to avoid tbe banka adjacent to the" chalet, where her enemy would be likely to prevent her land ing. The old woman muttered a curse in her native tongue. " She can swim like a fish," she muttered. " I had forgotten that she was taught to row and swim and sail's boat at St. Kilda. She strikes out for the deeper water. She seems to land at that jungle-like point yondfcr. What courage 1 What coolness I She'll outwit me yet. Ah, she brgins to flag. She uses but one arm in swimming, Why is that? She muat have struck the other on that pile of stones just under the surface of the water. Perhaps her arm is broken. She stops. ' She is hurt, or chilled, or has a cramp I" She was right. Bernice had ceased to ex ert herself. She floated on the water as if helpleEBj and then threw up one arm wildly. The next moment, with a wild scream, Bhe sank slowly in the dark waters, which closed above her. . '' Sheis drowned !" muttered the Hindoo woman, witl>a jubilant laugh. "I'll come to look for' her body in the morning, and every day until I find it. No one must ever know that she came back to life. I rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, that I have frus trated your Echemes- The ghost of Chet wynd Park is laid, and my Missy will be I7ady Ohctwynd, with no one to molest her. We'll see how jny lady will raise from her grave the sreond time." With a horrible laugh on her shrivelled lips, the old Hindoo Woman flitted down the steps of the balcony and plunged into the Bhadows of the park, taking a home ward direction, and leaving Bernice to her, fate! 