HUSBAND POISONERS AND THE Iii AGENTS. London Daily Telegraph.) '" Is our civilisation a failure, and is the Caucasian played out ?" The question was asked years ago by a cynical American humorist ; but from time to time occasions arise and events occur, so utterly at variance with what might he properly expected to be the result of continuous progress and enlightenment, that we can scarcely refrain from asking ourselves whether we are really living in an age of widespread philanthropy and practical piety-an age, too, of railroads and steamboats, of gas and electricity, of newspapers and schools for every- body. Ancient history is full of appalling stories of secret poisoning. Who has not read of Phrasyas of Mantinoa, who invented a poison which could be moderated in such a manner as to have effect in two or three months, or at the end of a year or two years, and the more lingering the death the more miserable it was This poison was prepared from aconite, a plant which on that account people were forbidden to have in their possession under pain of capital punishment. Yet, notwithstanding this prohibition, the deadly action was extensively used in some about two centuries before the Christian era. As several persons of distinction period within the same year and of the Otira distempor, an inquiry was made into the cause. A maidservant gave o vi dence against some ladies of the first families, who, she said, prepared and distributed poison; are above 150 of them were convicted and punished. One would think that such horrible criminality as the wholesale poisoning of innocent people belonged wholly to Pagan times ; but, unfortunately, the annals of toxicology, down to our own days, are replete with histories of indiscriminate poisoning. It is the same Locusts, the venomous sorceress, who comes down to us through the ages, and again and again we are confronted with the ladies of distinction who band themselves together in a poisoning league, and the remorseful or treacherous maidservant who delivers up her accomplices to justice. The latest of those tragedies is reported to have occurred in Hungary, where the Assize Court of Grossbecskerek is about to try a " hideous, but unfortunately by no means unprecedented, case of poisoning on masse. It is stated that no fewer than eighty women of the Servo Magyar village of Molonczo are accused of having poisoned their husbands and other near relatives, and that they procured the deleterious stuff from two professional fortune-tellers named Sophia Marovitch and Anna Minily, who drove a regular trade in noxious drugs, and earned considerable sums of money thereby. Suspicion was first directed towards them by the evidence of a bountiful young woman, named Draga Kukin, who, so long ago as 1882, killed her husband by poison, but who, being overtaken by remorse, gave herself up to the judicial authorities. The two fortune-tellers were arrested ; but they have since died in prison, and the difficulties of gathering a sufficient body of evidence have caused the examination of this shocking case to drag its slow length over a period of nearly so you years. When the circumstances of those multifarious crimes are made public, enough will probably be revealed to awaken a feeling of horror throughout Europe, and to give rise to astonishment that such atrocities could be possible even in a partially civilised community. Still, looking only at the leading features of this appalling drama of human wickedness, we are constrained to admit that, however much it may differ in its details from former poisoning trials, it presents, broadly speaking, a surprising similarity to deeds long since crystallised in the records of criminal jurisprudence. Sophia Marovitch and Anna Minity are only the descendants in turpitude of the infamous Toplmna or Toffania, a woman who, in the early years of the last century, resided first at Palermo and then at Naples, where she combines the business of telling fortunes with that of Belling- poisonous drops, six of which were sufficient to kill a strong man. She distributed her murderous nostrums in small glass phials labelled " Manna of St. Nicholas of Bari," and it is a positive fact that the reputed sacredness of her wares enabled them to pass unques- tioned through the Italian Custom-houses. Hor wickedness was at last made known, and Toplmna, after flying from one convent to another, was at length arrested and thrown into prison. The clergy raised a loud outcry against this violation of sanctity, but a report having spread that the iniquitous fortune-teller had poisoned all the springs in the city, public opinion became too strong for the clerical protectors of the horrible woman. It is said that she was strangled, but the Viceroy of Naples, with a polite desire to conciliate the ecclesiastical authorities, caused the corpse of the sorceress to be thrown into the cloister of the convent which had been the last to give her refuge. she was not the first, even as she was not the last, of the systematic Italian prisoners. The case of nioronyma Sparta, who was executed in Rome in 1059, bears even a closer resemblance to that of the Hungarian poison witches. in the Pontificate of Alexander VU. it was observed in the Eternal City that large numbers young married women were left widows, and that many husbands died who had become notoriously disagreeable to their wives. Priests also declared, without naming names, that several of their contents had acknowledged, under the seal of confession, that they had been guilty of poisoning. The Government used its utmost vigilance to trace these disquieting events to their source, and at length suspicion fell upon a society of young married ladies of distinction, whose president was an old woman pretending to tell fortunes. To ascertain the truth a crafty female spy was sent to sound the old fortune-teller, Spara, whom she succeeded in deluding to sell her some drops by means of which she was to rid herself from a cruel and tyrannical husband. Spara was racked and, with three of her female accomplices, was afterwards hanged, vainly crying on the Roman princes and barons and the noble ladies who had been her customers to help her in her extremity. Some months afterwards several more women were executed for the like offence, some were whipped, and-others banished the Papal dominions; but, notwithstanding the severity of these punishments, the practice of secret poisoning was not by any means stamped out. As a matter of fact, the crime seems to be a chronic one. The case of the Marchioness de Brinvilliers and her male confederates, which occurred about ten years after the execution of La Space, is too well known to need re- capitulation. The Brinvilliers seems to have worked principally on her own account, or at least for the benefit of two or three dissolute adventurers with whom she was connected. There is little reason to doubt, moreover, that Marie Marguerite d'Aubray, Marchioness of Brinvilliers, was wholly or partially insane. In the confession found among her effects she acknowledged that she had begun her career of guilt at 7 years of age; that she had set fire to many houses; and that she had caused the death of several persons before she learnt the art of poisoning from an Italian charlatan. The execution of the French Medea was in effectual to suppress the practice of secret poisoning. Numbers of people continued to the from time to time under most suspicious circumstances, and the Archbishop of Paris learnt from the cares of different parishes that poisoning confessions were still made, and the crime was still pre- valent alike in rich and poor families. For watch- ing, for searching after and punishing secret poisoners, a special tribunal, known as the Chambre Ardente, was established in 1879. This formidable court detected, among other female criminals, two terrible women, La Yigorionx and La Voisine, who had long carried on an extensive trade in deadly drugs. Both of them pretended to foretell future events, to call up ghosts, and to touch the art of finding hidden treasures and recovering lost or stolen goods. They sold love phires and poisonous drops to women who wished either to got rid of bad husbands or to recover faithless sweet hearts. Pendale curiosity induced several ladies of high rank, and even some Bulong- has to the Court, to visit these bags without any positively criminal intent, but only foolishly desirous to know how soon a husband, a lover or even the king or his favourite, was likely to die. The two fortune-tellers were denounced by ii iniiid-serx-aut on the miserable matter' of ft month's disputed wages and in the possession of La' Voisino was found a list of the grandes dames who had had dealings with them. La Voisiuo and La Vigorioux, after being subjected to fearful tortures, were burnt alive in February, 1930, their hands having been previously bored through with a red-hot iron and then cut off. The proceedings of the Chambre Ardonto seem really to have eradicated the crime of secret poisoning in France at least, after the execution of the two last-named criminals, nothing was heard of the once-famous " poudre do succession," or heir-at-law powder, used to accelerate the demise of wealthy persons, and which was believed to consist of diamond dust powdered exceedingly fine. The Brinvilliors seems to have used corrosive sublimate, regulus of antimony, and vitriol. La Voisino worked principally with antimony and sugar of lead, while the " Aqua Tophaua" is said to have been a mixture of opium, canthnrides, and arsenic. Those matters of detail are, however, of less moment, than the curious and somewhat alarming fact that in all ages there appear to have their tongues of women established for the purpose of of' husband poisoning that the active agents in those murderous sister hotels have almost invariably been pretended fortune-tellers and that almost as invariably they have been betrayed by a female accomplice. - 