Fergus Campbell. (Continued. " I besought her not to yield to his un. nasoonble prejudice, but she stood in the Bishop's Walk, white as a ghost, and bide me good-by. I told her she had not the heart of a woman or she could not send me away. " I did not go to Italy, for mty ambition had vanished. How could I sing with such a heavy heart I chose the life of a recluise. I came to Montreal and scratched out such a living as my pen would yield. "Morrison was so mortified by his politi. cal defeat that he could not bide in Dun blane. He and his daughter went to live in Pittsburg. I learned of this through a Dun blanc newspaper. "As yesterday was my birthday, Brad ford, I made some resolutions. I resolvel that I would waste no more time. For ten sears I have bided in this house, bhugging a foolish hope that Mailie Morrison might some day wish to recall me, and .knowing that it would be easy to trace me here. But last night I resolved to go away and complete my study of music. I told myselftbhat may be the Inss was married and had forgotlen the Bishop's Walk. "It was midnight when I went to bed. This old house seemed desolate, and I could not sleep. I heard the clock strike r, 3 and 4,and then-man, I cannot describe it, but 1 hbd the most horrible sensation I ever ex p?rienced. Nothing but death could give it. A sweat was on my lips and forehead. My breath came laboriously. My.palis ceased, TURTLE HUNTING. and the action of my heart was imperceptible. I knew I was dying. I tried to rally. My life has not been what I desired, yet I was wildly eager to live. I tried desperately to cast off the dreadful lethargy into which I was sinking. I tried to cry out for help, but could not make a sound. I was struggliong with death, and such a fght it was that I shudder when I recall it. I was keenly, cruelly alive to the fact that my feet were like ice, and that the cold was creeping up my limbs towards my heart. My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth; my respira tion grew slower and slower, and finally ceased; my heart had stopped beating, my jaw dropped, and I was dead. "During my life I had always believed in a dual existence-a bodily and a spiritual one. Now this duality was proven. My spirit left my body and stopped to look at the house it had tenanted. With my spiritual vision I saw my eyes close and my limbs grow rigid. I saw that I was dead I " My mental faculties remained, but I had no control of my actions. My spirit was mysteriously borne from the room, from the house and from the town. I travelled in mid air and with a velocity that appalled me. I cannot describe my sensations. I cannot say that the wind rushed into my face, for I had no face. I cannot .ay that my head swam, for I had no head. And yet I felt that the wind was blowing cold and wet, and the awful swiftness of my locomo tion filled me with terror. I kept thinking ' I'm dead, and where am I going? I am pretty high up, and am devoutly thankful or it.'" I had been regarding Campbell with curiosity as well as suspicion. Sometimes I believed that he was manufacturing his dream or vision or ghost story out of whole cloth. Iwas tempted to rate him soundly for trying to make a fool of me, but some thing in his manner restrained me. "I was-not up too high," he continued, " to see where I was travelling. I was pass ing over Albany, for I saw the outline of a building that most have been the capitol. I continued southward with the same awful impetus, passing over towns that I supposed were Kingston, Newburg and West Point. I followed the lHudson until I came to New Jersey, and went over to the interior of that state.. All this time I was wondering whether the atmosphere, was peopled by other spirits than mine. Was mine the only soul that was destined to travel in this eccentric fashion? Some of my friends had died. and, in the awful stillness and loneliness of that hour, 1 longed for their companion ship. But the air was empty, and only my spirit was astir. "I changed my course at length and went westward. I seemed to be crossing over the State of Pennsylvania. Suddenly I thought I knew where I was going, and, Bradford. I can give you no idea of the agony I experi enced at the discovery. I was passing over a dark country, and beyond me was a hideous light. I could see no buildings, but I saw a blaze of fire that filled me with horror. It was below me, and as it belched out in all its lurid intensity I thought I knew what it was. Mlan alive! I thought I was going to hell as fast as I could travel, and that nothing could save me. It was not the infernal regions, after all. It was your boasted town of Pittsburg I The fire that had frightened me was from the iron founderies, toe copper smelting mills, and the oil refineries, for which the place is famous. I could feel the air hot with their fiery breath. I passed them and a cathedral, and finally I reached a suburb of the town. Then I went slower and lower, and at last i stopped before a dwelling. In an upper room a lamp was burning, and a woman's shadow occasionallyfell upon the curtain. I knew it was Mailie Mlorrison's even before she stopped at the window and looked out. Bradford. it was my I-ss, grown older, but with the same sweet face that I had last seen in the Bishop's Walk. An in stint later her father jerked the curtains aeide and stoo. beside her. He was horribly changed. His eyes were bloodshot, his face was purple, and his form wasted. He was wholly unlike the strong bodied politician of Dunblane For ten years I had hated him, but this morning I was touched by his wretched condition. I was grieved to know 1 was invisible to my lass; but her father saw me ! Good heaven I Can I ever forget what wrath and malice distorted his face at sight of me! lie seemed crazed with rage, and he beat with his two clinched tilts upon the glass, shivering the pane into thousands of bits, and cutting his flesh to the bone. He was a maniac and he believed that I was in the flesh, for he tried to reach me and strangle me with his bleeding bands. Mau, man! in his blind and eager fury he hurled his wretched btody from the window to the ground. I, a this:g of the air, could do naught to save him, and I saw him fall dead before me. I could not speak to my lass, who al?o saw his act; but I was forced to see the anguish in her white, distracted face. And while the people came from the house to carry the dead man in I was suddenly borne away. "I returned with even greater swiftnes,. and by the same long route by which I had gone. I reached Montreal before light was fairly here, and entered the chateau unhin. dered by windows and doors. I saw my dead body still lying with drawn face, closed eyes and fallen jaw. My spirit seemed to recognise my body as its natutal home, for in the twinkling of an eye it entered it again. My heart began to pulsate, my blood was flowing and my brain awake. Fergus Camp bell was in the flesh again. " I sat up and lighted my lamp. I was still cold and wet with clammy prespiration. The clock was striking 7, and I remembered that I had been to Pittsburg and back by an unnecessarily long route in exactly three hours." "You certainly made remarkably quick time," I commented. "I'd say you'd been suffering from d*lirum tremens if I was not aware of your temperate b.bits. You bad the ni-h'rmare. Campbell." Ife placed o telegram in my hand,. "Read it," he said eagerly. "It came this evening, and it proves t-at I saw Morriou die.'' The dispatch was from a relative of CaOmp bell's in Pittsburg. These wero its con tents: "Morni-on killed himself this morning b'i jumping from his window,. He has been mael for years." We looked at each other in silence. "By Jove I" I said at last, "you have either been telling a stupendous lie or this is a remarkable coincidence." "It's no lie," he answered, solemnly. " Bradford. its as true as gospel." Two years passed before I saw Campbell ag,-in. He came down the corridor of the Windsor hotel, and I could not fail to notice that his appearance had ereatly improved. He had gained considerable avoirdupois, and was dressed in excellent taste. His old frank smile remained unaltered, and I could not mistake him. "You are Fergus Campbell," I said, and offered my hand. He grasped it cordially. " I was Fergus Campbell once," he said ; " but"--with an irresistible and contagious grin--"they call me Signor Cambellini now I" "Then you have finished your studies !" " Yes," he answered, "I am a full fledged bpera singer now." I longed to ask him if he was married, but feared that suoject might be a painful one. "Come to my rooms," he msid, as if he know what was in my mind, " and see my wife and bairn. I am married to Mailie Morrison, Brayford. After her father's violent death she went back to Dunblane, and I followed her. I met her. in the Bishop's Walk, and we agreed that we never would be separated again. Come, and I'I sing for you. And it will be no Italian melody to-nigit. but a good Scotch song about "The Flsower o' Dunblane."-FRANcts B. CuRRIE in Frank Leslie's. The waiter's favourite flower is forget. me-not, 