CHAPTER XV. j A SUDDEN WEDDING. The guards end keepers bustle about from cell to cell,: anil tbo aii&^iac woman Etill shrieks at them to catch tBl^pale-fueed S But there is no ghost to bo seen, and they find the cell doors oil locked and quiet, nr.d alter a little more parading and View oaths at the "maniac, they disperse end return to their former quarters. The keepers drep down and oro soon sound asleep again, but the guard walks up and down and smokes, passing end repassing poor Bess crouching in her hiding place. She clasps bor hands and prays that she may die. rather than be consigned to her dreary cell again, and while sbo prays the guard vanishes. He bethinks himself that there is Eonio brandy on a table in tho re ception room above, anil feeling unusually thirsty and sluggish, he runs up to refresh himself. Bees hoars his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like on apparition. A fewnoiseles3 steps, and she stands before the great outer door, and, as Josie said, tho huge key is in the look. She seizes the key with both hands. It turns in the look with a rasping sound, and the door swings open. She darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, flies along tho subterranean court, up the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. Tho silent summer skies are above her—the cool, damp winds fan her hot As she stands dazed with the blissful fancy that she is free, a figuro darts out fromthe ivy gloom, and a firm hand grasps her arm. ‘ . . , “Here you are at last,” whispers Josies voice. “ Gome—quick 1” _ I , She hurries her out towards tne ] . main gate, which they find standing slightly [ “Gome," urges Josie ; and she drags her 1 [ hali-fainling companion through, and out ■ into the narrow path that leads down the 1 steep. . They are scarcely out when a. figure rises [ silently from the roots of a huge tree, and in i a twinkiug the gate is locked, and Jacques “Here you are at last,”.whispers Josie. “Come— quick -plodsjip and down the gravel, puffiug away at his pipdrai stolid audimpenotrable as the desert sphinx. Meanwhile Josie puts her dimpled fiat to her rad_mouth,and utters a faint whistlo like : the rj;-of Jijnrd, still -holdingrMr“ c'Sm'-; pamorTsarm^: . Swift as thought another figure Blroots up from amid the olive growth—a tall, impos ing figure this time. Ifa leap3 up the crag, and reaches Josie’a side. “Bess," he gasps—11 Bess, my darling, is Bess lifts her wan,, white face, and the moon shines through a rift in the low-lying olouds and falls full upon it. St. Aubyn sees it, recognises it in a breath, and catches her in his arms with a low. passionate cry; But she struggles, to free herself, a strange expression in her wist ful eyes. “ Oh, let mo go. Lord S1'. Aubyn,” she i murmurs, in a broken, piteous voice, “I had no thought of seeing ycu. I—I hoped it was Redmond." Sr.. Aubyn does not comprehend .her faltering . words, and holds her fast, all his old, mad, short-lived lovo blazing up afresh. Sensible, matter-of-fact Josie, however, puts an end to his little love Ecene with great coolness. “My lord,” she Buys, touching hisann, and pointing with a nod of her curly head towards the madhouso. on the upper terrace of which unusual lights Bre gleaming, “ Look there I In a few minutes the keepers j will be in pursuit of us. Don’t yon think ws had better escape while we can ?” “Yes, yes; what a fool I am 1” cries St. Aubyn; and taking Bess in his strong arms, as he caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashee down the steep at a ' headlong paca. It is charaotoristio of tbo man that be should forget JoBie and lose Eight of her danger; lie never cared for any earthly tiling nova kits own self-gratification. And at this moment it pler.Bea and charms him to have Bess restored to him in this ro mBDtic and marvellous fashion. So he dashes down, clasping her closely, utterly UDmiudful whether the child behind him breaks her neck or not. It might have been as well for my lord, the Marquis of St. Aubyn, if she hod, taking after events into consideration; but there was little fear of such a catastrophe. Jasie’s foot was as fleet and sure as the foot of a mountain chamois, and she descended the dangerous path, and was at tho door of tbo carriage, which stood »^^S»gajfeSijffitog5d?fi^tigdW-'Bpbn.ag.my lord Ho sprang in, atill clasping BeEB in hia find then, turning to speak to tus driver, he saw tbo girl to- whoso wondrous courage and skill ha was indebted for his great happiness. ‘•Ah, 1 had quite forgotten, ha said. “ Gome, my brave little girl, jump in,” Josie’s fearless eyes had something very near akin to contempt in thrir shining depths, as =he Inched up at the handsome ^N^my lord,” she said, quietly. “ l sk ° Biit Bess airnggled up and put cut her j white face. . , •‘ Please—oh, please don’t Ic-ave me 1 she ontreoted. ] “Hush!” interposed St. Aubyn, belore j .Tosie could answer; “you may rest now, j my darling, and go with me. Sho shall j come to you to-morrow. Come toNivernoia to-morrow, my girl—do you hear?” Josie nodded, and the oarriage dashed off down the river-road, while the girl pursued her way across the grove to the little cottago on the suburbs of Moulino. The hot, cloudy night la ended, and over the hills the Sabbath morning dawns. A bright, crisp September morn, with _ a atm breeze milling the river, and drifting the fleeoy clouds aoroes the dazzling river. In the white boudoir at Uivernois Court, on a white velvet couch, all starred and fringed with silver, Bess lies. Her toilet has just been made, in obedience to my lord’s order, and Mice, tbs French maid, lias found that wondrous becoming wrapper of white and blue silk somewhere muid the many treasures of Nivernois, and clothed • Bess’s willowy figure in it. There sho lies, fair as a snow-drop, passive as a babe, a great wistful tenderness in .her brown eyes. Mrs. Heatb, the housekeeper,' appears with a dainty breakfast on i; silver tray, and insists that the young lady must' eat; and Bass riees obediently, and tries to eat the broiled bird,, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to choke her. Then sho lies down again, sho feels so tired and weak, and listens, in a languid way, to tbo Sabbath bolls chiming in Monlins, wondering what the poor creatures at Mount Chatcanroux aro doings-silent tears of gratitude trickiiug down her cheeks, meanwhile. She is free, but yet there is a look of regret in her sweet, raeek.eyes. She hears the bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian life; she thinks of her father, .and her tears .flowfastc-r. -. • “Ah.” Bhe murmurs, despairingly, “ifi could liavo gone to ltrdmond 1 Ob, poor Itsd moud I—ehalll never sse him again ?” - xY ip,lick, buoyant step rings upon , the marble, tiles without, and there is a sharp, impatient rap at the door. “Come in,” Enys Boss, languidly, and St. xYubyn enters. Ho reaches the conch at a bound, and has the little, passive figure in his arms. “ My poor little dove, my precious ntllc Bcsb!” he half sobs, dropping hot kisses, on her trembling mouth and white oheess. “Ob, to think liow I have believed you dead and buried, end how I have mourned for you 1 Oh, Bess, Bess, if you had come to me from your coffin, it could not seem stranger. I am so happy. Child, what makes you tremble ? Aro you afraid 1 Why, sweet, no harm can reach you here. You are mine— mine to love and cherish forever. Bess, look at me; let me see your sweet eye?; and tell me if you are glad to get back to me again ?” Bess looks up, and meets his mesmeric gaze, and a faint flush riees in her waxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none oi their old dangerous power. Yes,” she falters, “ i am glad." j “ And yon will do precisely as I wish j yon, dearest ?” continues St. Aubyn. j “ Yes, my lord.” -He breaks into a gay laugh, and covers her face with oaresses. “Then, you demure little nun,” he ories, exultantly, “in an hour from now you Bhall say, hot my lord, but my" husband. See here, Bass, this is your wedding ring, till— till_well ”-he stammers and falters, remembering that Lady Cassandra now wears the old St. Aubyn opal, in token of her en gagement to himself—r** till I pan got-the old opal you once wore. It shall bo yours yet ; but this will do now, in its stead. There is; a priest all ready in the house, and we will go before the old Nivernois altar, and be made man and wife, and then, my own love, no earthly power shall part us. Shall it notbe so?” A faint sob escapee her, and she looks up at him with entreating eyes. “ Oh, my lord,” ha falters, “ yon are gooa and kind, but it must not be—it cannot he. Don’t yon know that she loves you ?—Lady Cassandra, I moan ? Don’t you know that sho parted us, and put me in that dreadful place, because—because she oould not bear to see mo yonr wife?" •*-•*..• "Yes, 1 know,” St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veins starting out bn his white brow. " There is no need to remind me of all the wrong you have suffered at that wicked, heartless woman’s hands. Bui the hands of vengeance is now at hand. Lady Cassandra’s pride shall be humbled in the dust beneath your feet, my darling. I shall do it, though sho were a hundrod'times my cousin.” . . V - _ Bess starts up, her lace white with pain ana terror. •• Oh, my lord,” she gasps, ’‘ don’t say auoh terrible things I The past is done with now, and I am Iree. It I can forgive her, surely you can.” . “No, Bess, r cannot forgive her. I shall hand her over to be dealt with by the ,S.“lIy lord, for shame,” cried Bess, with flashing eyes, *• and she..-a ’wojnan,''sgtang from the same race! She was forced into doing what she did by your neglect and in fidelity. She loved you, my lord, and looked upon you as her promised husband. You should nover have deserted herfor me.” •• BesB 1” exclaims his lordship. "It is the truth, my lord. But it is too late even now to undo all this wrong. You must go hack to her, my lord, and be true to her, and tell her that I freely forgive j her." . . | “And you, Bass, my u_..ing?” queneB j St. Aubyn, with an amused smile on his j lip,—(7<> be conUiiued.} j 