I _A'__"atV___V_ OF THE PRIMAl I. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. The installation and enthronement of Dr. Saumarez Smith as Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales and Primate of Australia and Tasmania, took place yesterday in St Andrew's Cathedral, in the presence of a congregation that taxed the capacity of the building to the utmost With a view of preventing overcrowding, and of securing to as many churchmen and churchwoman as possible the privilege of taking part in the ceremony, it was arranged that admission to the Cathedral should be by ticket AB was expected the demand for cards of entry was so large that very many applications had to be refused, but at the same time the distribution was so planned as to secure the right of entry to representatives of a very large number of families In all' about 2000 tickets were issued and yesterday they were returned at the Cathedral doors, the great assemblage thus affording an indication of the eager interest taken in the ceremonial Lady Carrington, attended by the Hon Rupert Carington, was present, and so too were Miss Snowdon Smith (the Bishop's sister) and Mr. Hubert Smith, Miss Smith and Miss M Smith (mem- bers of the B shop's family) But little had been done in the direction of decorating the cathedral. Arum lilies, nestling amid green foliage, stood in vases upon the altar, which, backed by the beautifully sculptured marble reredos, stood out as the chief object of interest in the sacred edifice Here and there a cross of roses and marguerites relieved somewhat the cold bareness of stone walls and massive pillars, while all around the Cathedral the glorious sunlight, streaming through stained windows cast its rays upon the memorials of departed sons and daughters of the Church, and added a new beauty to the tiled pavement of chancel and have Shortly after 6 o'clock the doors were opened By 10 o'clock every seat had been taken, and people were standing in the transepts and side armies, content thus to view and participate in a service that wants set at rest the anxious doubts and fears caused by the protracted vacancy in the See been the organ pealed forth a quiet ecog of thanksgiving, and as the rich full tones rolled through the vaulted space, the melody was changed into - Song of jubilant gladness As half-past 10 chimed from the clock tower, the organ gave out the air of the processional hymn, and as the stately procession slowly wended its way along the main aisle to the Chancel, the congregation rose and poured forth the song of thanksgiving, " Now thank we all our God, with, hearts and hands and voices " The scene, as the long train of white robed choristers, and of ecclesiastics, bearing from their shoulders the badge typical of the yoke of Christ, ascended the chancel films, was one of fitting dignity and solemnity Slowly the lessor clergy filed into their allotted seats, one after another the benches stretching away from altar rails to chancel steps were filled, and as scarlet robed and hooded doctors of divinity took up their stations, and the representatives of the Episcopal Bench passed within the altar rails, the exultant and majestic music of the Hallelujah chorus burst forth from chair and organ Standing there surrounded by his brother bishops, and attended by men representative of every grade in the Christian ministry many of them old and grey and venerable with good and faithful service, others just admitted into the ministry, wearing the stole of the deacon, the Primate looked fitted to occupy his exalted position of good height and build, with well-defined and expressive features, dignified in carriage, and with a clear, well-modulated voice, which, though lacking in eonorousacns, yet makes itself distinctly heard, Dr Saumarez Smith im- presses one favourably, and conveys the impression that the diocese of Sydney has at its head a man who will work honestly, fearlessly, and lovingly, and who will be prompted in all that he does by an earnest desire to advance Christ's kingdom on earth And from the welcome extended to his Lordship, and the assurances already received, he will receive the loyal and cordial support of the Bishops of Australia and las mine All were not present at yesterday's ceremonial The Bishop of Ballarat telegraphed that he was too ill to travel, and letters of apology for non-attendance were received from the Bishops of Tasmania, Grafton and Armidale, Perth (Western Australia), and North Queensland The Dean of Sydney, as the administrator of the diocese during the inter- regnum performed the set of installation, and placed the pastoral staff in the Primate's hands Upon this Mendelssohn's appropriate anthem, ' How Lovely are the Messengers" was sung, and at it later stage the Bishop of Goulburn, as senior, presented loyal addresses from his brethren of the Episcopal Bench in the Holy Communion service the Primate acted as celebrant, and was assisted by the Bishop of Goulburn, as deacon, and the Bishop of Adelaide as sub-deacon A very large number of those who attended the installation service, received the sacrament The arrangements for the whole ceremonial were excellent Under the direction of the Precentor, the Rev. A R. Rivers, M A , aided by the skilful playing of the organist, Mr Montague Younger, the musical portion of the service, which included three anthems, was rendered well-nigh faultlessly And similar excellence was apparent in all the details of the ceremony, with the result that, despite the length of the service and its elaborate character, there was no disturbing bitch of any kind, towards this general success Mr. F G. C Hanslow, of the Registrar's Office, contributed not a little J The Dean and the other members of the Cathedral Chapter, the clergy of the diocese of (Sydney the representatives to the Provincial Synod, and the representatives of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania to the General Synod met the Primate, and the Bishops of the Province and of the other dioceses in Australia and Tasmania at the Chapter-house at 10 o'clock. The procession was formed in the following order: Representatives to Provincial Synod, two and two. Representative, of dioceses to General Synod, two and two : Riverina. North Queensland. Ballarat. Bathurst. Grafton and Armidale. ยก Goulburn. Brisbane. Perth. Newcastle. Melbourne. Adelaide Tasmania. Sydney. The Choir, following the Lay and preceding the Clerical Representatives. Lay Readers. Clergy of the Diocese of Sydney, two and two (in order of seniority in the ministry, juniors preceding). Rural Deans. The Minor Canon (Rev. C. R. Rich). The Verger, bearing the mace (Mr. Edward Croker). Lay Members of the Cathedral Chapter. The Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr. Gregory Walker). The Precentor (Rev. A. R. Rivers, M.A.). The Canons of the Cathedral (Canons Moreton, Hulton King, Hey Sharp, and Koutmit). The Bishops of Riverina (Dr. Linton), Bathurst (Dr. Camidge). and Goulburn (Dr. Thomas). Bishops of the Province of New South Wales. The Bishops of Brisbane (Dr. Webber), Adelaide (Dr. Kennion), Melbourne (Dr. Gee. The Archdeacon of Camden (Archdeacon Gunther). The Archdeacon of Cumberland (Archdeacon King), The Dean of Sydney (Dean Cowper) The Primate. The Primate's Domestic Chaplain (the Rev. J. Chaffers- Welsh). The Official Secretary of the Diocese of Sydney (Mr. AtkinS). The procession entered the cathedral by the south-west door, and proceeded via the nave up to the holy table, a hymn, "Now thank we all our God, being meanwhile sung. The lay representatives to the Provincial Synod and to the General Synod of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania took their places in seats reserved for them in the nave. The clerical representatives of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania and the clergy of the Diocese of Sydney went to seats which had been reserved for them at the east end of the choir. The bishops advanced to the holy table, and took places within the sacrarium. The shortened form of Morning Prayer followed. The lesson, Isaiah lxi., was read by the Dean. After the lesson the Dean and Archdeacons conducted the Bishop to his throne The Bishop then handed to the Dean the notarial act of his consecration, and it was read by the Chancellor. The DEAN now placed in the hands of Cr. Smith the Pastoral Staff and addressed him in these terms: " In the name of God. Amen. I, AM William Macquarie Cowper, Master of Arts, Vicar-General of the Diocese of Sydney and Dean of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, in the city of Sydney, and Archdeacon of the said city and suburbs, do hereby induct, install, and enthrone thee, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, having been duly elected to be Bishop of the Diocese of Sydney, and having been lately consecrated a Bishop, into possession of this church, with all its rights, honours, and appurtenances. And the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen." The Dean and Archdeacons having returned to their places, the Morn- ing Prayer was proceeded with. I lheprayeraincludedthefollowing "Almighty God, giver of all good things, who by Thy Holy Spirit hast appointed divers orders of ministers in Thy Church, mercifully behold this Thy servant. William Saumarez Smith, who is now admitted to the office and dignity of Bishop of this diocese, and therewith of Metropolitan of of the province of New South Wales, and Primate of the diocese in Australia and Tasmania, and replenish him so with the truth of Thy doctrine and endue him with innocency of life that both by word and deed he may faithfully serve Thee in these office, to the glory of Thy name, and the edifying and self-governing of Thy Church Grant, we beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule this Church, and that having worthily fulfilled his course, at the latter day he may receive the crown of righteousness, laid up by the Lord the righteous Judge, who liveth and reigneth one God with the Father and the Holy Ghost, world without end Amen " At the close of the Morning Prayer, the Bishops of the province of New South Wales advanced to the Bishop's throne, and the Bishop of Goulburn (the senior Bishop addressed Dr Smith in these terms - " In the name of God Amen in the presence and on behalf of the Bishop of the province of New South Wales, I, Means, by Divine permission Bishop of Goulburn, as senior Bishop of the said province, do hereby solemnly recognise the, Most Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez Smith Doctor in Divinity, duly elected Lord Bishop of Sydney, and under Royal license recently consecrated a Bishop, to be by Divine permission Metropolitan Bishop of the said province of New South Wales The Bishop of Goulburn then presented the following address to Dr Smith -"to the Most Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez Smith Doctor in Divinity, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of the province of New South Wales Barry,theltev Dr JameaCarter(of Canterbury), and the Revs F. V AlUn, M A , M Archdall, M.A., Charles Baber, P. R. S Bailey, Joseph Beat, F. B. Boyce, Henry H Britten, George Brown, W A. Charlton, b ii." Childe, B.A., James Clarke, E A. Colvin, A. C Corlette, E G Cranswick, Edward Crisford. J. W Debenham, MA, Henry DIcker John Dixon, John Done, F'. R Elder, B.A., John Elkin, DE. Evans Jones, Samuel Fox, Humphrey Fryer, C. F Barnes), C. H Gibson, M A , Herbert Guinness, Joshua Hargrave, Thomas Holme, William Hough, Septimus Hungerford, H. L Jackson, M.A., Henry Wood, J. William, J. Olley, R Raymond King, MA, J D Langley, William Lumsdaine, E, D Madgwick, J N Manning, Al A , LL B ; Henry Martin, George McIntosh Robert McKeown, John Morgan, H Wallace Mort. M A , Joseph 11 Mullens, Daniel Murphy, G H Muzy, Reginald Noake, B A . A W Pain, B A , Luke Parr, Henry Plume, M. A. , J. H. Price, C F D Priddle, Herbert J Rose W H Saunders, Joseph Shearman, J G Southby, James Stack, Alfred George Stoddart, Robert Taylor, Hugh W Tucker, M A I B Tress, John Vaughan, Robert S Willis, MA, William Witcombe, Alfred Yarnold, Styles, C. J. Byng, Cadell, E C Beck, Proctor, Bellingham, Harrison, Pope, Kill worth, O'Connor, H Gilbert, Coles Child, H Atkinson, J Campbell, H. Maclean, Dolnmplo, D'Arcy Irvine, Thou Watson, A. T. Puddicombe, Sims, Tracey, A MuoUiron (New Guinea), G F Bode, J Spooner, A C Hirst. In the congregation there were noticed the Mayor of Sydney (Alderman Burdekin, M.L.A.), Mr Justice Manning, the Hon Dr Garran, the Hon. E Knox, the Hon Henry Mort, the Hon. P L C Shepherd, the Rev George Lane Judge Fitzhardinge, Judge Docker, ex Judge Dowling, Dr B Kyngdon, Mr N Melville, ML A., Mr Moreton, M L A , Mr Jeanneret, Mr A B Weigall, Mr W. R Beaver, Mr A J Riley, Mr. R Hills, Mr J S Harrison, Mr Deas Thomson, Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, and Mr E Vickery 2 