OUR FIBST PBEMIEB. giB/ — A moro puerile attempt to bolster up the feeble claim of Mr. Forrest to the above position tlmn the letter of ' Ob server' iu .your issue of 9th in3t. it would bo dillUmlfc' to conceive, and until a moro fitting champion holds forth I must treat with silenco eiViwion-i which would not re flect civjit on a schoolboy. I was content to state generally what is uocepted by the publio at large—that Mr. Forrest had no ni.«x.» muA--rtti,.H *rt tVin rhftah r»P Pramiar. and relied upon the rule wliicli obtains in all communities in nup^ rt of my assertion that Mr. Parker, as mover of the resolution which displaced the Government, was en* titled to the honor of liading the first ministry. To my surprise, bowoyer, I find that Mr. Forest s snppoiteia claim that he is entitled to bo ontrusted with tbe for mation of a ministry— as he was one of tbe Exiicuiivo Council which introduced tho Constitution Bill, It U upon this ground the claims of Mr. Forro3t rust as appears by your correspondent 'Observnr' and the UttJ letin or tho 9th inst. But 1. 1 me ask would that Bill over havo Icon introduced had not Mr. Parker moved a resolution in the Houso (and which was ourtiod) that the timo had arrivod whon the Bill should bo introduced ? It was in cousequenco of that resolution, and of that alone, that the Bill wan introduced. It is idle and absurd thorefore to say that Mr, Forrest had any act or part, in its introducHou. But at a time when he could havo materially assist ed in passing tbe Bill in a form which would have been acceptable tothecoloniBta generally we find him voting in favor of the qualification of members and tho pre sout absuid and limited franchise of elec tors, Mr. Parker moved that they should be Btruck out. Mr. Forrest voted against it. If Mr. Forrest was opposed to the qualification why did he vote for it ? Did he blindly follow in the lead of the Govern ment on a question which he knew was o£ vital importance to the colonists, and to which they were opposed P He was nob bound to follow his colleagues, for on a former oscasion he voted against them— t\n fVia mi icfinn nf flin RotrorluTT. A liinnv Wit V**W M »?» ? W V*W** »? v**w «_rw I w* ?*- -»? ?*«-*»v*-*^ Eailway sohem e. And ' Observer ' dare not assert oven now that Mr. Forrest is in favor of manhood suffrage and tho abolition of the qualification j but he does say he has progressive ideas— probably he does not know the meaning of the term— he is moderate— which too frequently meanB wishy-washy 1 certain it is that the bulk of colonists do not relish suoh ideas, although thoy may be termed progressive. JS'ow, sir, I had no intention at the out. set of giving what appeared to ma reasons wby Mr, Forrest oould nob (at least for some tune to come) be the leader of a Ministry \ but it appears the Bulletin and your cor respondent ' Observer ' have put forward his claims I shall present an array of facts in support of my view and ohallonge an answer to any of them, First, let us say that Mr. Forrest has never at any time been the leader in the Council, and has bad no experience in keep ing his party together, Indeed rumours were rife that some little privato disagree ment existed between him and his col leagues, lb will require a great deal of tact to manage a party under the new Government— as they will be for the most part unaccustomed to the submission to a leader, so necessary iu party government, and the majority are sure to obafe under the slightest restraint whioh that leader will at times be bound to impose. It would be too muoh to expect that a person who has nover hod occasion to form a party (I do not mean a clique) and therefore inexperienced in th« art of mar* shalling foroes, would, with new blood to dealt with— and without the aid of tried politicians— succeed in forming a party and maintaining a majority in the House, more especially wnen opposed Dy one wno has bad the previous experer.ee, and who out of a minority formed a majority sufficient to displaoe the present Govern* ment— and who would be sure to count on a large following. The experience which Mr. Forrest hns gained In the past will be of no use whatever in the futuro, and ho will require to study the art of opposition, which is not learnt in a day nor could Mr, Forrest count on support, The new House will be largely composed of old members, whose confidence and support Mr. Parker, by his tact and ability, has won, and having done nothing to lose it I vesture to think that they will not desert their old leader because the Bulletin and your correspon dent ' Observer ' (who may be one and the same person) join in saying that Mr, Forrest is a paragon of progression. It is only fair however to the Bulletin to say that it claims to be a comio paper 1 though, being naturally dense, I could never see where the comicalities came in, and it may turn round and say tbe aitiole waa only written in jest. So perhaps it is not fair to treat the article seriously, The claims that Mr. Forrest's supporters make are no greater than those of Sir Malcolm Fraser, the Attorney General, or Mr, Wright, as they were all members of the Executive, but neither of them lays olaim to the honor of being the first premier. Mr. Forrest's olaima are certainly no greater, nor indeed so great, though if all the claims were amalgamated and centred in one person they would not out wvigh those of Mr, Parker. Bub as Mr, Forrest was one of the Executive we must hold him responsible for their actions, if he bases his olaimB upon tha results achieved by them in the past. The following ghosts rise up to support Mr. Forrest's olaim to tbe office of premier t The useless expenditure on the Bunbury Boyanup-Line. The diverting of tbe money wbioh Bhould have been expended at Fremantlo to Derby. The unwarrant* noie expenditure on me xoiugnipn iiine from 'Derby to the Goldfields (now almost deserted,) Tbe present depressed state of bhe oolony. The present difficulty with the W.A. Land Company, entailing a possible loss to the' colony; and tho Land Eegulations, whioh are calculated to lookup the lands for along period, and bring into existence oompanies who will speculate with our land to the disadvantage of the colony, and deter small capitalists from settling on our lands. Any of these would furnish ample material for a whole article, and oould be made quite interesting by adding a few savoury details of tbo manner in which ap pointments in the Publio Service have been made during the last fow years, and other minor matters, Betrenohinent, retrogression, vacillation and procrastination have too strongly marked the efforts of the Executive Coun cil in the past, and the result haa been stagnation in trade and depression in all commercial enterprises, closely bordering on national collapse. In return for this the public are treated to whole columns of flattery, with tbe intention of bolstering up the unfounded claims of one member of that very Executive to the position of leader and chief guardian of the future fate of the colony. But, sir, public memory is not so ehort as some may suppose, and if I read tho aigns of the times aright, a time of reckoning is at hand when tho people will deal out retribution to the persons responsible for past blundering, Tho timo, however, has not yet arrived when tbe question should be gone into, and I should advise ' Observor ' and all coraio editors to reserve their fulsome flattery for a more opportune time and a more deserving object,— Yours, &c;(J BED GAUNTLET. Aug. 11. 1890, 