THIRTY YEARS OF COLONIAL GOVERNMENT. Thirty Years of D olonial Government. ASelection from the Despatches and Loetters of the Right iionourablo Sir George Fcrguson oowven, G.C.M.OG. Edited by Stanloy Laon-Poolo. (Longman, Green, and Co. S4s.) TnEnn are few books that give a greater insight into the practical administration of our colonies than the selection from Sir George Ilowen's letters and despatches which Mr. Stanley Lane-Poole has edited under the title of "TlirtyYears of Colonial Government." During that period Sir George Bowen administered with marked success most of the chief dependencies of the Crown, including Queensland, New Zealand, Victoria, Nauritius, and Hong Kong. The two volumes before us contain a valuable record of his work in each of these colonies, and of the problems with which he had to deal, The principle on which lie unifornmly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial. interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmost to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely local conceri. It was in 1859 that lie was appointed the first Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held an appointment in the Ionian Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling 3Murray's "IHandbook" for that interesting country. Modern Greeks, lhe once explained to Lord Palmer ston, pronounce the words meaning "we," and "you" in precisely the same manner. "Ah, they confound ' we' and ' you' do they?" said Palmerston. "I fear that is not the only way in which moderi Greeks' confound ' moumn' and ! tuum.'" Tie .fol lowing extract contains an interesting description of QUEEnSLAND IN 1850. "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at night in the houses of the principal 'squatters,' or -pastoral settlers, whose stations averago that distance from each otllcr. ' Thesoe gentlemen live in a patri arclinl-style among their immense flocks and herds, atulising theilselvhs with huht ing, shooting, fising, nid the pxeralse of a plentiful hospitnllty, I have often thought (especally in reading Thnakeray's novel, 'The Virginians') that the Queensland gentleman-squatters bear a similar relahtiolt to the other Australians that the Virginian planters of a hundred years back iore to the other Americans. " Dut there is a perfectly distinct class of peopls in tie towns. Brisbane, my present capital, must resemble what B13ston and the otfier 'uritan towns of New England tseyre at tile close of the last century. Ine a popu lation of 7,000 we have fourteen clhurches, thirteen public-houses, twelve policemoen. The leading inhlabitpnts of Brisbenu are a hard-headed set of lEnglish and Scotch menorchants and mechaneesea -very orderly, Iidtistrious, and prosperoits." The Queensland of those days was almoset ontirely a pastoral country, and Sir George lowtcft tells an amiusing story about one of the priciipal squatters, A SucoND Jon, " successful Qu,:enslander, who beeamie a mlember of the House of Comumoris, where ihesupported'Lord Palenorston, was invitdd td' one of tile political receptions of Lady 1Waldegrave at. Strawberry Hlll. That accompllished hostess pridtledl.rself on her infortnation about her guests ; and oet the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to have giefrted him nWith,' Olb 31r. - , I am very glad tb see you. I heat that 1Vou have as nan sheeop and cattle as tile P'itri. archs- that, in short, yqu are a seco?y.I Joli,' ler ghest rdilied: 'e I ope, Lady. Walde grav, you odo-not mein to Compare me to Job, Who, Ias rWe learn froni tie lBible, had bnly' ,000 sheep, whereas I lhae 300,000. Job wval a mere str·'iee/y-barker.' It should lie explained thalt youeng seltlers, dh begin ning Sheep)tfarming in the intedai', w)ith hly ftouit -,000 to ::10,000 sheoi '.cannnot generally afford to build at first houses of wood or stone; ased ero obliged for. Stme tinio to colntenlt themsels?- with comfort table huts- mluad from the barl of the so cadulled "stringy-barkc" eucnalytus, .So tley were often known to tihe aret squatters by thee ;ibripueet of .stringyt larlers." In thoase days they pllayed whist in the itilds for o/eeep pointa and a bealloc/k on the ,ubber. -. Froem Queenslend Sir George wea spnt to New Zealihid, then in tlhe throes of tihe Ma?ott ttroubles, wlhiche I largely succeeded ini assuaging during his govermnent. Like most of thiose whio have come In cpntanct Witlh them, Sit George was full of nlipre_ clatioen for lthe fine qualities of the Maori race. The following story is hler given at first hand:- - A STRAxoE CoxvransIox. "Among the loyal 3laoricichiefs invited to ineet the Duke of Edinburgh was one of tie briginnl signers of the Treaty of Wai tangi in 1840, and who lhad over since been a firm friend of the English. One of ties Anglican Bishops afterwards said to tihe Govirtor, 'Do you know, sir, the nntece dents of that old heatltle?' T N'o, my dear Bisllop),' was the reply, ' but I lo lknow that he brought five lhundred of his elansf meln into the field to-fight for the Queen, so I invited hime to meet the "Queen's soin."' 'Well,' contieued thie islhop, ' wlhen I first attired in New Zealand, tlhat chief cnme to ea.nnd said that he wished to be baptised, I know that he lend two wives, so I told him tiatlis le must first persuade one of theem to roetan to a ler family. Ilo said Ileo feared tlhat would be dillicuct, but thatdle would see e\vlihe cculd le dos, aned come bidck'th me in two months., Wiee hle returned, lhe exclaimed, .'Now ,inissionary" yoii emay lihletise mee, forI liiiv only one wife,' 'I asked, ' What hlave ynu donewith our dear sister, your first wife ?' -IIo rcliiiee, sentack ing hil liis, 'Ihrive ial.en eqr. i" . In 173.,Sir Geaorge was .promoted: to Victorin, Wloere Ie remainedl until 1870, -hen his tteem expired, and 2io wasassigned tie governmene t of:f Mauritius, tlle- only 'achney .at etlle time. - Compaired ,witi Aitstmliei, thelre was quite acn ir of anti (LiLty aboutr tie oll ],reicih colony in which 'eaul and Virginia lhad lived and loyed, LAnor?Dnoxxuls' GuosT,. " The Australasian Colonies are too yoUeig for ghlosts, but lero we have a haunted chamblc er, where tie great Llabourdonnais, the famous tFreanch Governor of flauritius, is bolievel .by the French creoles to walk nightly. W'o put a higlh ivil functionary there, but lie declared that ie heatdt strange noises, and nothling would iinduce Idlyn to occuly tie room In again. H[owever, next week the Engliht admeiral of tihe station arrived with his squadron, and whlen we asked ]hlim if lie ?vould hlave thie hlaunted chlebeler, the heas spare roomn in tlho house, le sltidr, 1 am afraid of no Frcnchlmn, dead or alivra ' acnd. Ie neither hlarl nor saw a ghost during thie eonth hle spent with us. It is true that lee ais slupported by, hirs Flg Claptain in tile rooin olh hil;righlt, ani by his Fliag Lieutenant in the moot on his left. Tlhen, too,a stranigo noise is often heard tit night at-the ti!es of fll moone, as of it carriage driving ?y thIe cheittan; and some creoles declarced (lhey hadl sen- labollrdlonnais lns sing ly in his coach and six horses, with his 'escort and ncqueys--all sklceletons in the uniform of the age of Louis XV. ltatli.r suspectieng some trielr, tlee alecs-de-cnmp of a formerGovernor san t up with their swords anl a hottle of iced chamlpaegno on tihe table; anld when they leardc the strange noise aleproachinlg, f15y' turned out the guicard with loaded rifles anll ixed hlnyonets, ndc all sallied forth-to sea agrattd Ilerdt of wild stags from thie neighbouring mnoln. tales tossimg their antlers in the bright tropical mcoonlight." Ifong-Konge was tie lhst of oer dlepen dencies over which Sir George Bowen was called upon to ipreside. Durinrg thel years he spent thero le took occasion to visit both China and Jnpan. Tui ArTA O TIIo i SUN. "There ae some gruall Buddlhist temples at ]'kling; bllt the coostletcresting object there is the facmous 'Altar o~f Ineaven,' where, for at least threc tihousned yeears, $lo Ie:mp:crors of China, the lords of oee- fourlth of Lh(i hIIIiilan racie, IlaveC OIcI lr oltfered a burnt seacrifice to tle Oeo God of lHeaven--with rites like those observed by Abraham in the wilderness. This is the IHoly of Holies of China, and admission to it is a rare honour. The last permission given, before my visit, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by a walled park as large as Hyde park, and with groves of immemorial trees, beneath which roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial sacri fices; and in the middle of this park a collosal structure of white marble, rising on terraces withl broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice-ns the sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow-capped mountains offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols oridolatrous rites. Itisnotgenerally known in Europe that the Court religion the only ' established' religion (so to speak) in China-is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous cults. A China man may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, just as an Englishman may be a Wesleynn or a Romanist. But, as I have said, these are not ' established' religions in the Eng lish sense." In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to see i good deal of Italy, where, he tells us, BMr. Gladstone is re garded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and with almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as thlat with ~Vhich theAmericans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences hasI been to make him an ardent supporter of Imperial Federation; Mr. Stanley Lane Poole has very adequately performed Iis task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual iitereast. Llterary lWorld. 