A GHOST STORY. At a time when the late awful tragedy once again brings tbe notorious Wagga Wagga muiderer before the public it may not be out of place to publish the following true etatement:— About the second week in June four young fellows and a cook left the Upper Murray with sheep for the Castlereagh River. Having to pass over the route by which Smidt is supposed to have carried the body of bis victim Taylor, one of the chief topics of conversation among us was the murders that had been committed in the district, and many were the stories rehearsed around our camp fire. On the night of the 25th of June we were camped on the reserve and near to the spot where Riley had so cowardly murdered the drover EppeL There being no break into which we could turn the sheep we had to take turn about watching them. The watch from 11 o'clock till 1 in the morning fell to a young Scotsman. It had often struck me as being a peculiar trait in his character his firm belief in the supernatural. He was a gentleman by birth and education, and had served with distinction under General Roberts during the campaign of '78 and '79 in Afghanistan. I felt certain fear was an unknown quantity of bis nature, and was more than usually surprised when' after having fallen asleep, to be aroused by Mac's shaking me and saying in a subdued and apparently awed tone of voice, Get up, there's something wrong." Thinking it was something in connection with the sheep I hastily dressed and enquired, " What's up with the sheep "There's nothing wrong with the sheep*» was his calm reply ; " but come find SPA this." He led me towards the river, and pointed to a tree that grew on the very verge of the bank. I stood motionless; I seemed to have no power of moving my limbs. A cold chill ran through me; my blood ing against the tree was a white unearuuj shadowy form which beckoned us to advance. I was motionless, I was unable to stir to save my soul from perdition. I annot, dare J, describe what I saw and I pray that never again may I have to go through another such ordeal for I feel my reason might leave me. I who had bo^ d of my unbelief in the supernatural was in a few seconds convinced without a doubt not only of the existence of spirits but also of their being able to appear to mortal gf l Mkc, as he told me afterwards, seeing I was unable to proceed went forward alone, and I saw him and the shadowy form disappear down the steep river bank. With a cry of frenzy I rushed back to the tent and awoke my two other companions, who after some trouble managed to get from m® that Mac was down the river bank with a ghost, but before they could get as far as the bank Mac met them, and the three returned to the camp. Mac's fice was deadly white, otherwise he was perfectly calm, and when he spoke I envied his steadv voice and manly bearing. At first he did not wish to relate what had taken place until the morning, but being pressed by the others he said— vr " When I reached tbe tree the form moved down the bank and I followed. _ I did not fear going, for I knew no spirit would or could hurt me, and I felt a match for the average mortal. As we reached the water's edge, the spirit bounded onto a stump, which you will doubtless see in the morning, and said in perfect French, which you know I understand, ' Eighteen years ago to-night I was murdered and my lifeless body was thrown on that log. The following morning 1 was washed down the stream, and gradually my flesh was torn from my bones. My skeleton was never found and never will be. During all these years I have waited for some mortal to come here that I might tell him my story and that my murderers might be brought to jnstice. Every year on his night have I been here and have spoken to several, hut none understood my tongue. Unto you, who have got the blood of the Gael in your veins, do I commit the task of bringing my foul murderers to justice. As you are a true man you will never rest until they hang by the neck until they are dead for the deed they have done. Their names are ' But here old fellow, your cry of terror broke the spelL For one instant I took my eyes off the spectre and when I looked again it had disappeared." 