MISCELLANEOUS. The Liverpool Daily Tost repeats the wellknown story of the correspondence which took place between Mr. Biggar and his father wiien tne former became a convert to Catholicity. Mr. Biggar, sen., cut out from a newspaper the paragraph annopnping his son's admission to the Church, and enclosed it with the following note:—" Dear Joseph, is this trne ? Yours, J. B." Our Mr. Biggar wrote on the flysheet—"Dear father, it is. Yours truly, J. G. B." After this the father threatened to disinherit the son, but before he died relented, and did nothing worse than cut him off with £40,000, Mr. William O'Brien, M.P., has left London for the South of France, where he intends to spend a few weeks of complete rest by order of his medical advisers. It is the earnest wish of Mr. O'Brien's colleagues that he should not expose his health to any risk by regular attendance at the House of Commons, but the intrepid member for North- East Cork would not think of taking as prolonged a holiday as his friends would wish, and he will accordingly be back at his post abcut the third week in March. United Ireland says the vacancy in the representation of West Waterford, occasioned by the lamented death of Mr. Douglas Jasper Pyne, has been at length filled up. Mr. Alfred Webb, a gentleman who has been uiuddj closely „„„„„ identified with the r political movebeen returned for the division without the cents'orthe'past quarter ~of*a century, has ghost of a oontest. Mr. Webb will be a useful addition to the ranks of the Irish party, and a zealous and able representative. In connection with this event, it would be curious to learn who has been gulling the London Tory papers which lately recommended that the seat should be contested by the Unionists. Some wicked wag must have been at work, for surely if the hybrids wanted to have further ridicule heaped upon their retensions in Ireland they could not posibly go a better way about it than by adoptngsueh a coursers this. They paid dearly for heir temerity in contesting hopeless seats at he last general election ; and if they did not rofit by their dearly-bought wisdom would be an exception to all sane bipeds. The Coercionists (says United Ireland) seem resolved to kill if they cannot conquer Mr. Michael Cusack, the indomitable hon. secretary of the Drangan suppressed branch of the National League. Every other day he is brought before the Removables on one frivolous pretence or another. The last sentence inflicted was for discourtesy to Bob Power, the bailiff, and first-cousin of the sub-sheriff of the county of Tipperary, when engaged on eviction duty. The Removables sentenced Mr. Cusack to three weeks' imprisonment, with hard labour. He was seized, though yet scarcely convalescent from a specially severe attack of the prevalent epidemic, and driven twelve miles on an outside car in a downpour of rain. He was not even allowed to partake of the luncheon which had been got ready for him by some friends on his arrival at Clonmel, and the warm underclothing, which had been ordered for him by the doctor, was sent back from the gaol gate. This is a new way of suppressing a branch of the League—or of suppressing its secretary, at least. Dead men tell no tales and hold no meetings. Mr, Cusack—should he escape with his life from the ordeal to which he is at present subjected—hae still another sentence of five weeks, with hard labour, hanging over him for the desperate crime of attending a League meeting. Since his imprisonment Mr. Cusack has received no visit from the outer world. His friends and relatives, knowing his delicate state of health, are in a frantic state of anxiety—yet not one of the Tipperary magistrates professing sympathy with the people has visited Clonmel gaol during that period. Amongst these defaulters, we regret to say, Alderman Cantwell, J.P., must be numbered The many friends of Mr. Matthew Harris, .P., will be gratified to learn (says United reland) that the testimonial started in his avour in these columns is receiving handome support from his colleagues of the rish Parliamentary party. As for Mr, arris himself, we deeply regret to say that is condition is very precarious indeed. A asting illness, of' long continuance, has educed him to a fearfully feeble state ; still is friends are -hopeful that he may pull hrough. Although he has placed his resigation in the hands of the Irish leader, it as not as yet been accepted; but, on the ontrary, Mr. Parnell has written to him, sking him to reconsider the matter. .We arnestly trust that the confidence in his ltimate recovery which this step indicates ay be justified by the result, and that the earless and honest member for East Galway ay be spared to witness the accomplishent of the grand object for whose attainent he has laboured so long and so faithully—the restoration of his country's Legisature. Mr. M'Enery, of the Limerick Leader, has been again sent to prison. • This time he oes in under the statute of our old friend dward the Third, and he has been senenced to a bare month, so as to prevent him ppealing against the decision of the Bemovbles (Messrs. Hodder and Rollestone). Mr. M'Enery's " offence" is,that he published in the course of a report of proceedings at the arsfield Branch of the National League a certain resolution referring to the Ballyneety land-grabber and his aiders and abettors. There was not in the body of the paper a single word of comment on the report; so that Mr. Balfour, if questioned on the subject, cannot take refuge in a little trick as he did before. What he will have to say about this fresh attack on the liberty of the Press will be awaited with some curiosity. The most atrocious thing about these Press pro-, secutions is the fact that every Tory paper in the country can publish with perfect impunity the very matterfor which Nationalist Pressmen are sent to prison -for inserting in their papers. The following apology appears in the Cork papers: —" We, the undersigned, John Richardson,. Sollivan's-quay, : Cork, and Thomas Buckley, Ballyehehape, Oork.beg to tender an,{apology to the county at large, and more .^specuOlytothe South of Ireland Cattle Trade ABSooiation, for our cast t™ gressions, and we promise for the fuwT strictly adhere to the rules of the a sl tion. And, in the Bhape of reparation !' will give £5 each to the Tens™! Fund.—JOHN RICHABOSON, THOMAS BUCRU^ 