THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. INSTALLATION AND ENTHRONEMENT, IMPOSING CEREMONY AT ST. AN- DREW'S CATHEDRAL. The ceremony of installing and enthroning the Rev, William Saumarez Smith, D.D., as Bishop of Sydney took place in St. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday morning, and the splendid ritual which is associated with such an event was witnessed by a crowd of persons who thronged every portion of the spacious edifice. Tho service was a most imposing one and was carried out with n minuteness of detail and a solemnity befitthog the occasion of the official enthronement of tho bead of tho Anglican Church. The approaches to tho Cathedral from George-street wero decorated with urclwH of crimson cloth and greenery, and under tho bright spring sunshine the lawns and flower beds surrounding the building and tbo deanery looked motr best. Admission to tho service was by ticket, and from tho time the gates woro thrown open, at half-past 9, until shorily beiore tho commencement of the cere mony crowds of weil-drcssed eager people passed along tho walks to tho variouB en trance. As is usual on such occasions the ladies predominated, ami long boiore half-past 19 the aissas, nave nnd trannepis were crowded. Amont tliose present were representative men of all sorts and conditions. The vice regal pew was occupied by_ Lady Car- rington, accompanied by the Hon. Rupert Carrington aiad the sister and son and daughters of the Bishop, whilst immcuiabdy behind wero Mr. Ju-tico Owen, ilr. Justice Manning and a uumb-r of notabilities. There was no attempt at decoration, tho chapter very wisely leaving the noble proportions of the building, with its munaive pillars, mullioued windows and stately aisles, unadorned, tho only exception being the altar, vrhicii was environed by a mass of white lilies, the front of the table being well set off with a cross coropOHod of white rosea. THfil PROCESSION. The clergy uba-rabied in the chapter house shortly after 10 o'clock, and punctually at the appointed hour the organ, presided over by Mr. Montagu Younger, pealed forth an anthem of prais-., announcing that the service wu9 about to cotnmuuce. The strains of the hymn, "Now Thusik We All Our God," re echoed through the building as the proccssiou started from the western door, bended by tho choir, whoso voices filled the building as they slowly defiled down (he central nave. Then followed tho verger, carrying the episcopal mace, and the rcpresent:»tiv«?H of the provincial syuod and of the dioceses to the general My nod from New South Wales, Victoria, South Aus tralia and Queensland, tmrching two and two. Then came tho great body of the clergy all surpliced and numbering some 41)0, tbo juniors precedlug. After them came tho rural deans, the minor canon (Rev. C. L. llich), the lay member of the Cathedral Chapter bended by Mr. E. Knox, M.L.O. aud Mr. Ib Braoley, the Chancellor of Hie d.ocesc (Mr. Gregory \\\ alk- r) in wig and gown, the precentor (the Uev. A. ft. Rivttrs), and the canons of tho Cathedral (Canons K»mmis, Moreton, Uulton, King and Hay Sharpej. Immediately fodowing wore the Bishop of Gouiburn, Melbourne, Adelaide, Bathurst, Brisbane, Kiverinaand Canon Selwyn, administrator of the diocese of Newcastle, followed by the Archdeacons of Camden and Cumberland aud the Dean of Sydney. The rear of the procession was brought lip by Dr. Saumarez Smith, the Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia, who looked somewhat pale, a- if imp-esand with tbeflolemnity of the occasion and the greu't responsibilities he was about officially to undertake. As tbe lmsL verses of tbe processional hymn wore being sung, uith subdued effect, the clergy took the places msigncd to them in the nave iu order of precedence, the bishops taking up their position within tbe sacrariutn. The l'rimate occupied his place at the northern end of tbe communion table, whilst on tbe right, facing the congregation, were the llevs. Dr. Thomns (Bishop of Gouiburn), Dr. G. \V. Ken ?ion (Bishop of Adelaide) aud Dr. F. F. Goe (Bishop of Melbourne), and on tht left Dr. C. E. Cumidco (Bishop oi Bathurst), Dr. Sydney Linton (Bishop of iliverina) and Dr. \Y. T. Webber (Bishop of Brisbane). TBE SERVICE. Immediately upon the bishops taking their places the Cathedral choir, which was aug mented by several singers from other choirs, gave a oiagnhficent rendering of tbe Hallelujah Chorus from il'e " Messiah." Tbe usual morn ing service of the Church of England was then -proceedud with, Jbe Kev. A R. Rivers, pie ccntor of the ephedra), conducting. The p«alit) wan the 71st admirably chanted with a full rich organ accompaniment, and the lesson, taken froui Iaiah, GKU chapter, was read by the Doau of &vdnev;, at ho at the closo an nounced that the offertory would be in aid of the Church Society's funds. the installation. At tin? conclusion of the lesson, the Dean of Sydney, accompanied by tbe Yen. R. L. Klutg, Arcbueucon of Cumberland, and tue Wn. W, J. Gtvnther, Arch deacon of Camden, formally conducted tho new Bisliop to the throne, where be was duiy installed >utb the episcopal staff and the other luslguia of his offices as Bishop oi Sydney, Metropolitan of the Province and Primate of Australia and Tasmania. The Bishop havine takuD his seat handed to tbe Dean the nota rial act of ins consecration by the Arch bishop of Canterbury in Westminster Abbey, which was read to tho assembled con gregation by Mr. Gregory Walker, Chan cellor of the Diocese. Alter this Deun Cowper placud in the hands of the Bishop tbe pastoral ataff of the late Bishop and said : —"In tho name of God. Amen. I, Wiluam Macquarie Cowper. Muster of Arts, Vicar- Generai of the Diocese of Sydney and Dean of ihe Cathedral Church of Su Andrew in the city of Sydney and" archdeacon of the said city and suburbs, do bareuy induct, inn: all and unthrone thee, William Saumurez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, having been duly elected to be Bishop of the diocese ol Sydney, add having been lately consecrated a bishop, into possession of this Church, with all its rights, honors and appurtenances. And the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen." The form ol tuoining prayer wub then pro ceeded with, including thu special praver for the new Bishop, clearly read by the Rev. A. R, Rivers, which was as lollowa " Almighty God, giver of all good things, who by Thy Holy Spirit hast appointed divers orders of ministers in Thy Church, mercifully behold thi9 Thy servant, Willi nn Baumarez Bmith, who is now udmitted to thu office and dignity of bishop of the diocese and therewith of Motropoiitau of the province of Now Sou'h Wales, and Primate of the dioceses in Aus tralia and Tasmania ; and replenish him so with the truth of Thy doctrine and endue him with inuocency of lire, that both by word and deed he may faithfully serve Thee in these offices, to tho glory of Thy name and the editying and well-governing of Thy Church. Grant, we beseech Thee, that ho may long live happily to rule this Church, and that haviog worthily fulfilled his course at the latter day may receive the crown of righteousness laid up by the Lord tbe righteous judge, who livoth and reigneth one God with the Father and tbe Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." After the third collect for grace the choir sung tbe following anthem, taken from Meodelsnohn's oratorio "St. Paul,1 the solos for trqblc and tenor being oxquisitely rendered. " How lovely are the messengers that preach us tho gospel of peace. To all tho nations Is- gone forth the sound of their words ; throughout all the lands tbolr glad tidings." ADDRESSES PROM TBE EJISQOP8. At the close of tbe prayers the bishops of tbo province oi' New South Wales proceeded to the throne and the Bishop of Gouiburn, ma senior bishop, presented tho following addresses " In tbo name of God. Amen. I( In the presence and on behalf of the bishops of tbe province of Neiv South Wales, I Meaac, by Divine permission Bishop of Gouiburn, as senior bishop of the said province, do hereby soleaaolv recog'jilso thee, Most Rev. Father io God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, duly ttyected Lord Bishop of Sydney and under royal' license recently consecrated a bishop, to bo by Divino permission Metropoli tan Bishop of thmaid province of New Bouth Wales. M. GOULBURN. a October 9, 1890F' " To tbe Most Reverend Father in God, Wil liam Saumarez Smith, Doctor of Divinity, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of tbe province of New South Wales. We, the bishops of the said provlncei whose names are under signed, desire to express the sincere satis faction with which we regard your accession to tbe office of Metropo'itan of this province and to assure your Lordship of our unfeigned royalty and respect. Various questions of Church polity wiil demand much care and con- s-kieratioD, but wo believe that in your Lord- si Hp we shall find one who will presido w Hh efficiency in our councils, assist in our deliberations with knowledge derived from wide experience und careful research and lead ub to wi-io and practical conclusions. We aro most desirous to maintain our position as a portion of the Churd5 of our forefathers, yet we are awaro thau now conditions require new methods of worlkT.ng. We rejoice that we shall have as our MeUCipolitan one familiar with precedents which may Toe found in the Church history of past timoa and of other land, and we hope to learn from you how we may continue to blend 'and harmonise appropriately the old ami the new in tbe growing organisa tion of <»ur branch of tho Church of England. Your long experience in matters pertaining to educatic»:i encourages ub to anticipate that ' under yqur guidance effectual measures may be maintained or devised for securing a regular supply ol persons duly qualified to serve God in the sacred ministry of His church. We shall jgladly welcome any well-considered schemes whereby our University, our Church of England colleges nnd kindred institutions tnay be fully utilised for tho liberal culture of candidates for Holy Orders. We loelieve thnfc your experience will likewise prove of grentt benefit to tho colony in connec tion with primary education. Tho large num ber of schools renders it impossible for the clergy to give, religious instruction therein a3 frequently and as regularly us the case impera tively demands. Vrehopo that yonr influence may 'be effective in sustained endeavors to have such teaching supplied to the children as may impress upon their minds those principles which are the only trustworthy guides of human conduct here and the only solid foundation for the Christian's hope hereafter. Our thankful welcome to you as tho chief pastor of the province is mingled with heartfelt sympathy under your recent heavy bereave ment. We have coiuc to unite our prayers with yours on this official entry to y ur see, with all its weighty responsibilities, not with out bright encouragements from the history of the past. As faithful suffragans we tender our willing obedience aud ready co-operation in all your efforts for the increase of true re.igion, the glory of our Divine Master and the advance ment of His kingdom. — We romuiu, # Most Reverend Father in God, yonr affectionate brethren in Christ Jc»u< our Lord, M. GoUL- BURN, S. Riveuina, C. E. Batliuhst." In reply the Bishop said : " My right reverend brethren of the province of New South Wales, I desire in the spirit, ot humility and of hope to accept this acknowledgment of my positiou as Metropolitan of the province and I pray earnestly to God that Ho may onablo rae to discharge the importunt duties of the posi tion wisely and faithfully and lovingly." The other bishops of the dioccsca of Aus tralia and Tasmania then joined the bishops oi the province, aim the Bisliop of Goulburu on their behalf read the following address: — "In the name of God, uinen. In the presence and on beba.f of tbe bishops of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania I, Meguc, by Divine permission Bishop of Gouiburn, as senior bishop of the suid bishops, do hereby solemnly recognise thee, Most Reverend Father in God, William Saumurez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, duly elected Lord Bishop of Sydney and recently consecrated a buhop under Royal License, to be l'rimate o' the dioceses in Aus tralia and Tasmania. October 9, 1890.— M. GOULBURN." "To tbe Most Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, Primaio of the diocese in Australia and Tas mania, Metropolitan of tbe province of New South Wa esand Lord Bishop of Sydney.— We, tbe bishops of the aforesaid diocese, desire to give expression to the joy which we feel at being permitted to see this day and to take part in these proceedings. We feel tbaukiui that you have come to preside over us and to be iho moving spirit in our council. Your Lord ship's career in . the mother country having been one of such distinction and usefulness we anticipate to the Church in these lands marked benefit iroin your matured wisdom and varied »xperience. Important as was the work in which you were engaged in England that before you in Australia is still more so und of greater magnitude. M e are a-iare that you hivo already taken special interest in some brunches of the Church abroad, and have doubtless lunrued that the circum stances of the colonial branches differ in many respects from those of the mother lanj. In th so our dioceses we have resolved to forsake nothing of the faith und discipline ot that mother. In matters of chuicb orgvnisatioa we have made some progress and hi»,re cuueavored to uevise means by which tbe various diocese in the different colonies may become one com pact body, acting sim a federation under one presiding head whom we will all accept, us Primate. Seeing that your Lordship by virtue of voar election and consecration became at once Bishop, Metropolitan and Primate, we recognised in that threefold election the key stone or this our united structure. We believe that our Cbuich possesses forces capable of producing great results. As your Lordship's brethren in the episcopul office, we feel that we are linked together by peculiar tics. Gladly will we turn to y ou for advanced sympathy in times of perplexity and of difficulty. Therefore once more we express the joy with which we welcome your coming in obedience to the Divine call. Aud iu con clusion we pray that every blessing may rest upon yourself and your family and upon the momentous work to which the Holy Ghost bus culled you. We remain. Most Reverend Father in God, your obedient ninJ affectionate brethren in Christ Jesus our Lord, M. GODLBURN. W. G. Adelaide, S. Kivkrina, F. Mel bourne, W. T. Brisbane, C E. Batuoust." In reply, tbe Bi>hop said: "Brethren of tbe dioceses of the Church or Englaud in Australia and Tasmaniu, I desire in the same spirit as that which I expressed just now to receive this acknowledgment of my position as Primate of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, and I earnestly pray Lhat I may be enabled by God's grace in some measure to contribute towards that happy consolidation of our Church In these colonic. I hope it may continue to be an in- atrumuut under God for the promotion ot true relxrion, the christianising of social life and the leading up to more effective and spiritual unity among all Christiana." The offertory was then taken, during which the ch >ir sang the nnthem, "Oh, Saviour of the World, who by Thy Cross and precious blood has redeemed us. Save us and help ur, wo humbly beseech Thee, oh Lord." The ante-communion service was read by the Primate, the epistle by the Bishop of Ade aide and the Gospel by the Bishop of Gouiburn. The general congregation then retired after the uraycr (or tbe Church militant, offered up by the Bishop, the organist meanwhile pt&ying; a soft voluntary, after which tho communion service was held, the choir during the while singing "Sanctua" nnd the " Gloria in Ex- celsis." At the ciose tbe proccssiou returned io tbe chapter house in the reverse order to that io which it entered, tbo Bishop of Sydney taking precedence of the other bishops. Liter on in the afternoon the newiy-installed Primate was forma>ly introduced to the as sembled clergy personally on tbe lawn in front of the deanery. 