THE HON. RALPH ABERCROMBY AND THE PREDICTED DROUGHT. At an interview which a representative of the A Astra lian Sim-had on Saturday with the Hon. Ralph Abercromby, the eminent meteorologist, Mr. Abercromby was asked his opinion with regard to MU. MESON'S ritoriiF.cy. " I understand," said Mr. Abercromby, "that the report is based on the cycle theory, and as such I discredit it. The whole average of meteorological cycles has been submitted to the most careful investigation both in England and America, and the conclusion generally come to is that any attempted forecast made upon the theory is worthless. You got a certain number of coincidences which gave a colour to the theory, but the failures are so very great that it is utterly impossible to place any reliance upon them. By coincidence it may be the prophecy will be partially fulfilled, but it is utterly improbable that the whole forecast will be found true. rainfall and temperature are so variable in every country that by looking up the coincidences it is possible for one to make a cycle of any number of years which may suit his fancy, but no one has yet discovered what may be considered a true cycle of seasons, and the failures made in the attempt are innumerable. I confess, said Mr. Abercromby, I do not believe very much in long forecasts. Most offices libVgot 80 or 90 per cent of total or partial successes in forecasting for a period of twenty-four hours, but as a rule the forecast beyond that period is very uncertain. Only in very rare cases can long forecasts be of any value at all. We have at present no foundation on which to issue forecasts of more than twenty-four hours, and anything beyond that is, to a great extent, chance guessing. SUN sroTS. " I saw a copy of Mr. Egeson's book a short time ago, and it I recollect right, he favours the sun spot theory, which is now very generally discredited. I dissent from the theory very much, as I have stated in my work that it is by no means certain that there is any direct connection between the sun spots and the weather, and even if there is the knowledge cannot be used for practical forecasting. The question of sun spots has been much discussed lately, and that is the opinion of very many meteoro-, MR. AnnncnoMDY's VISIT. " Well, my object in coming out here was twofold. I was very much knocked up by overwork, and I wanted the change of scene, and I also wanted to see the Australian meteorological organisations. On a previous visit I visited those of Melbourne and Adelaide, and the strip, came through Torres Straits, and stopped a few days at Brisbane. I visited the observatory there, but did not see us irmoh as I would have wished, owing to the illness of my old friend Mr. Wragge. As far as I have seen they are very efficiently maintained indeed. A NEW STATION. " I shall very likely, while I am here, go to Maden Island, 1000 miles north of Tahiti, to superintend the erection of some meteorological instruments for the London Meteorological Society, and that will to some extent determine the length of my stay in the colonies, which I expect will extend over several months." FEDEBiWION AND METEOROLOGY. The conversation then turned on more general subjects. " There is one thing," said Mr. Abercromby, " if I may so pardoned for making the suggestion. Federation seems to be in the air just now, and in the interest of meteorology it is much to be desired. Then you might have one central office instead of six. There is now in all the colonies separate meteorological departments collecting information every day. Of course they are not regulated by the Boyne standard, nor is the information obtained in the different places taken and published in the same manner. Six men are employed to do the work which could be much better dealt with in a central office by a man who would give his time exclusively to meteorology, instead of having also to attend to astronomy and other matters. We have the experience of India in this, where, after a hard fight, the meteorological departments of all the presidencies were merged in the limited Meteorological Department of the Government of India with most beneficial results. If federation ever does come to be an accomplished fact, we may hope that meteorology will be included as a federal department, and not provincial. METEOROLOGY. . " I do not think there has been any great recent advance in those branches of the science, such as rainfall, which more generally interests the public, although an immense amount of scientific work has been done lately. Germany is the chief centre of work, and the study of the subject is being actively prosecuted in England and America, and slightly in France, while over all parts of the world the science is forming subject for deep and careful investiga- tion, which must in the end give very great beneficial results." A certified corpse was being taken by two porters to the Paris morgue on a stretcher, on 2nd December, when it suddenly alarmed its carriers by sitting up and asking for a drink. It was a worthy female, who, having got out of a train in the Montparnasse station, fell down on the platform and apparently gave up the ghost. A reputed doctor who was near said that the woman's heart and pulse had ceased to beat, so she was accordingly sent, by stretcher, to the unlovely establishment in mid Steine, where the dead bodies of city castaways are kept for dissection and burial. The woman awoke in the Place du Parvis de Notre Dame, and instead of taking her to the direful destination for which she had been intended, her kind carriers marched her into the adjacent hospital-the Hotel Dieu-where she was installed temporarily in a warm ward, and received refreshments. She had been over fatigued by a railway journey from Brest, and the cold had brought on an attack of congestion of the brain. 