Why It Was. The father bawled himself hoarse, bat not one of the boys showed up in answer to hl» oalls, At supper time the/ oame nonchal antly in. " Bill," said the old man, " where haw you been t" 41 Over to sister Mary's layin' a oarpet. " Tom, where have you been ?" _ "Oat with the street-sprinkler layin' in dust." " Bob, where were yon ?" " Down t' th' ha'nted house layin' er ghost." « Johnny," said the old man in a saroastie manner, " what were yon layin'?'1 " I was a layin' on th' oorn-bin watobin th' ole yaller hen a layin' a aig I" How to remove weeds-Marry the widow. EATINO limburger is not so muoh a matter ot taste aa it is of smell. THE self-made man is frequently exceed ingly proud of a vory poor job. HAY fever will make even the most nnas* Faming man blow his own horn. A REQonD is about the only thing that ia improved by being broken. IF graBa when it is oured becomes hay, what do grass widows when they are'cured becomo, hey? Sns"Thisis Minerva." He: "Was she married ?" Sae : " No, she was the Goddess of Wisdom." " WOOL is crawling up atmin," no the far mer said wben he pulled down hie flaunei shirt and tucked it in. HE . " Do you believe in marrying foe money, Miss Antique J" She: "I don'l know ; how much have you gotf" IT GOKB TO THB HEAD.-"One mora bumber at parting," &« the drunkard laid when he ran his head against a lamp-poai. THE joke that ia too far-fetohed is liable to booome stale in transit. Therefore a joke should never be oarried too far. WITB : " Is the moon full to-night 7" Hus band (looking out) : " No; from its shape, though, I should think it was on a bender. PROFESSOR : " Mr. Benediek, you may de fine tbe uupenor muxillary." Mr. Betuidiok (finivhtng hiii eduoation after marriage): " The wife's is." NEW misaionary (to perishing heathen): " How long do miHuiouaries usually last in this oVramto ?" Perishing heathen ; " 'Bunk two meals." THB burglar who was oaught In a alio* storo after midnight uskud to bu (Hsobargedjj by the magistrate on the ground that it wai. a fitting place for everybody. UI BELIEVE I have tbe floor, Mr. Ghair* said a froway headed man at a debat' ing society. " Juat where a mop ought to be," muttered his antagonist. TOM BASHFUL : .' Say, Jaok, onn you givr me aiiy light on the Hubject of mailing love f"" Jnok Beenthare: " Tom, my boy, no light ia> needed. It's better in the daik." « POLICEMAH : "Do you have to take'dara of the dog?" Nurse-girl: "No; the missuv BayB I'm too young and inexperienced. I only look after the ohildren." ???? J BESSIE : " Do you read tbe departrnthl* devoted to women in the Sanday papers T' Jennie : "No, my dear Thosb artiole- ar» only fit for men to read." MXBS SUMMIT : " I had suoh a delightful time at Newport." Miss Palisade (who owns a cottage) : *' Ah, indeed ? How did yon find the-er-hotel there ?" SAPPY : " I think I shall, aw, nevah have to atwuggle for gweatneaa. Aw, I wa« born Rweat, donoher know ?" Crusty : " Great Scott t How yon must have shrunk I" A FLOATING newspaper paragraph "ays that a lady, aged eighty, has juBt begun taking piano lessons. Even tbe old and feeble oaa get square with their neighbors when they go about'it right. JUDGE : " Yon reside " W| JVSM . "With my broltier." "And your ixolbw lives--" "Witness: " W.tu me." ; 'Precisely; but you both live " Wis ness : " Together." . A LADT who han a great horror for tohaaca< got into a ear, and inquired of a tuple bor : "Do you ohew tob^ojo, Hjrf" '. N.* ma'am, I don't," WSB tbe if^-iy ; " bi,i I e ' mat you a cbaw ii you wtnt <II>H." 