• A. Medium Exposed. (San Franc'MO Chronicle ) New York, 1st June.—Before the wondering eyes of twenty.five wit nesses, and aided by the glare from two eleotric lights, a heartless char latan, who for years has traded and grown rioh on the most saored secrets of. the households, was exposed fully and completely on Saturday afternoon in the oity of Brooklyn. The pretend ed spirit of a dead woman was seized, held and exhibited by reporters to the dupes who np to that moment had believed firmly and sinoerely that they were face to face with the materialised form of one returned from the great beyond. So overwhelming was the evidence of fraud that the assemblage was.not only ooovinoed, but half a dozen of the firmest believers were ready to invoke the aid of the law to paniflb the wretched creature, who, for a few dollars was ready to practice one of the most ontrugeous decptioos kuown to mankind. lu the systematic preparation and tho novelty of the conspirators' plans the exposure stands without parallel in the history .of similar events in any ' part of the world. Two storage bat terieB carried in hip pookets by twe reporters and conneoted with incan descent lamps of ten-candle power eaoh, concealed in inner vest pockets, fur nished the light that was flashed in the faoe of the bogns ghost and revealed the cowering medium as the person ator. Her shame and mortiScation were so complete that for pity's sake she was permitted to return to the cabinet, where in anguish of spirit she threw aside her spiritual toggery, dreBBed in every.day attire, and sobbed and oried and raved because she had been detected. The name of this so called medium is Mrs. Cadwell, and she lives at No. 224 Lexington Avenne, between Bed ford and Nostrand Avenues, in the Twenty-third Ward of the oity of Brook lyn. She ia a married woman, about forty-eight years of age, and the moth9r of several children. Her husband lives with her, as do her sons and daughters. Shs-has three servants, and her yearly income from her successful duping of the oredalous cannot fall far short of £1,000. 