Humour. . — . Give no more to ev'ry guest I Than he's able to digest ; Give him always of the prime, And hut little at a time. Stranger — Haven't you anything better I than 5-cent cigars ? Country, Storekeeper (astounded) — Hi, Jimmy, . run down to the" Indicator office an' tell them Mister" W«-n- darbiit is 'n town. Woman (to tramp who has eaten a whole mince pie) — You seemto have agood appetite." Tramp (with tears in Ms .eyes)— Yes, madam, I that is all I have left in the world' which I can I rightly callmy own. a' good time. : .- ' H you and I — justyonandl— . : Should laugh instead of .worry ; . : If we should grow— just you and I— Kinder and sweeter hearted — Perhaps in some near by and by, ' I A good time might get started, ' Then what a happy world 'twould he Por you and me— for you and me ! Poor Diet — ' What, dn vnn li'm — ' I . here, anyway P' asked a hungry Hortherner in Florida of a native the cither . day ' Waal,' drawled the Flbridiau, In the summer we live on fish and yams, and in/ the wiiiter we live on sick Yankees.' L'esty Old Gent — ' Huh ! Do you think you can support my daughter in the style to . which she has been accustomed?' Young Suitor — Well, no ; but l ean; support her in I the style to which her mother was "accus tomed for a good many .years after she mar. ried you.' (Subdued)— ' Tke her, my son and be happy.' '" j - - Archdeacon Parrar's.'son, now at the University, is quite awit. While he was in Philadelphia he was lionized a good deal. I One evening at dinner a rather fresh young | lady turned to him and, said : ' Your father is one of the big guns of- England, is he not, Mr. Parr?' ' He was at one' -time,' 'He was) a canon, you know - . -.. GOOD ADVICE. I If yon worry, when there's trouDle',: ,- You but make the trouble double-' Do not fret. Bear, up bravely, dont cry, hahy, I I And remember .that you may be I. . Happy yet. Sing the blithest song youknew of, ' " . And wait "a better throw of I Fortune's dice. ' , Hard it may be to be merry, But you'll own that this is very . ' Good advice: It-does not take a very hard Mt to knock some people silly. -. . Before arithmetic was invented people mul tiplied on the face of the earth." Love is an excuse for a woman to tell yon all her troubles. , The greatest of all poetry is a girl's first love letter. Landladies are famous -gossips; the pay great attention to roomers It -is considered a pretty serious charge to bring against a woman to say that she means alTshesays. ' . . ' Poor woman ; if- her husband sneezes he I wakens the baby, and if the baby -cries it wakens Mm. A sulky girl may sometimes be cured by taking her in a buggy with a seat just wide enough for two. An old maid she wished she was an auc- ioneer, for it would be perfectly proper to say. Make me an offer. Interesting Business. A hamster ..frying to .serve Ms client - by throwing suspicion upon 'a witness in a case I in the course of cross-examination, said ' You havoadmitted thatyou were at the pri soner' hopse .every night during this time ?' ' Yes, sir,' replied the witness. 'Were yon and he interested in any busi/.l together?' 'Well,' answered the .man, .hesitatingly, 'Ah ! How; will you be good enough, to tell us how and to what extent, and what the na- ture of this business inwhich you and he were interested?' - ... ' Well, I haveno objection to telling,' was the reply. ' I was courting- his daughter.' The heautif-ul in .li t — a pretty, face in the latest style of bonnet. i , Hothing makeh one tuG.ro- uncomfortable than to be stared at by a glass eye. Stranger (in the country) — ' Sonny, wher | can I get a drink ?' Sonny — ' Down to on horse trough.' . There is no law to prevent people who de sire statues from leaving money behind to pay for them, provided they have it. The philosopher is like the moon — his brightness is due to reflection. He is not al ways bright when he is full, however. Wft all Irnnvrr Ul'u nmnm/v 4-st — L. xv AO LU bam, autiuu people behind their backs ; hut talking about a man in front of Ms back is not so easy. ' It is easier for some people to write their memoirs,' remarked Goggles, than it is to find readers for them after they are written.' Speaking of the what-would-you-do-if- you-were-a-man question, it was an un feeling woman who said she supposed she would make "a fool of herself just tike any other man. 'Don't he too severe on the man who scolds Ms wife in public. Perhaps that is the only time he dares to do so. _ ' Had you sir,' said Harry Brown to a dilatory tradesman, ' been to bund the ark, we should not have had the Flood yet.' - Mrs. SmitMngton — ' Oh ! Mr. Tibldn, you are always so Mnd in coming to see me off.' Little Tipkin — 'Hot at all; it is always a pleasure. . I do detest a. man that's close, And, furthermore, a day ; But if a pretty girl is close t 'feel the" other way;- - Young "Wife — ' I'm putting up preserves everyday now, Harry.' Young Husband. . (aloud) rr-. May God bless and preserve you, I my. darling.! (aside) and me too.' ' I 'Do the Irish make "broth of their children?' I asked Freddie, '"What makes you ask?' I said his papa. ' Why, I heard Hr. Rafferty I say something about a ' broth of a boy.' I ' Talk of mothers'-in-law and sons-in- law I not agreeing,' remarked Titmarsh; 'my' mother-in-law and J agree. She says I ouglTt never to have married her daughter, and I coincide with her.' ' Do you think that as a rule people who attend theatres ars superstitions?' asked a travelling man. of a manager. 'Do I think - so ? I know it. I have seen people sit-for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk.' Prospective . Pather-in-law — ' How do yon expeet to get along without a salary if you are going to get married ?' Young Smiley Bas- ker — 'That is not the point — how am 1 to get along if I don't get married ?' Friend (to young, author) — 'Your new volume of poems is very nice, hut don't you think three shillings is rather a Mgh price ?' Young Author — 'Ho, indeed, I don'o. -Why,- you won't get a decent copy of Shakespeare under nati-a-crown.' . I ' Why that far-away look, dear ?' he said, I tenderly. 'Are you gazing into the future, and contemplating the restful happiness which is coming to you and me, love ?' ' No' Georg©,' she replied,. dexterously suppressing I a yawn,. ' I was merely looking at the clock.' i gospel foe the small boy. I 'OK, ' Johny-jump-up,' don't forget - The longest lives are lives of laughter — . \- Consider all the times you've set I Por ills that haven't happened yet; J There's no occasion for regret. . " ' - I Or worry until after. Magistrate—' The young woman says.tyat : I your continued staring at her annoyed her I excessively.' Prisoner— 'I never intentionally annoyed a woman in my life, your honour.' Magistrate — 'Then- why did you stare at I her so persistently ?' Prisoner — 'Because -she I is pretty, and I couldn't help it.' Young woman — 'Let him go, judge,' I Edward (iishingly) — ' I think of going to the Cannibal Islands as a missionary, Cicely, : I but you have only to say one tittle word to - bid me stay, darting.' Cicely (after a mo ment's thought)—' And did the horrid things I .eat the last missionary, Edward?' Edward (eagerly) — ' Yes, Cicely, yes ; they left noth ing but "the hones.' Cicely— ' Oh, how ex-, citing ! Yes, I think that- it is your duty to go, Edward.' . . The following is an extract from a real composition' written by a small school-hoy : —The subject given "by the teacher was the extensive one of 'man.- Here's what the small boy wrote :— ' Man is a wonderful ani mal. . He has eyes, ears, and mouth. His ears are mostly for catcMng cold in and hav ing the earache. The hose is to get sniffles with. A man's body is split half-ways up, and he walks on the split ends.' f My dear,', said a gentleman to his wife, 'where, did all these hooks come from?' 'You know you said this morning that we I ought to study astronomy, and I went to a bookstall and bought everything I could find on the subject.', It was some minutes before he spoke. ' My. dear,' he then said, I his voice husky with emotion, 'I never said we must study astronomy— I said we must study economy.' ' Thomas, if my wife asks you where I am tell her I have gone to the opera.' Servant — ' Certainly, sir,, cerfatoly ; but where are you really going, in case anybody should want to know?' . Nowadays the young men of the period don't go down on their knees innervous agony before their future wives. They hold a- sofi- .taire diamond ring above their heads and the girls jump for it. Heeded coaching. — Young farmer (apolo getically)—' I know I'm a perfect bear in my manners, Miss Edna.' Sweet sixteen (hesita- . tingly) — 'No, you're not; you — you never hugged me yet.' ' ' . ' So your old uncle is dead, Charley ?' ' Yes, died yesterday.' He was a very eccen tric old fellow. Do you think he was alto gether right in his head?' 'Well — er— I couldn't say, you know, till the will is read. ' Your son has settled down and married, I - understand ?' 'Yesto the best andmost sub missive little lady in the world.' ' How came he to be so fortunate ?' ' Oh, bo married a typewriter, one wlio was used to being dictated to.' Pond Mamma — Ob, uncle, you should see our darling when I play the piano ; He just listens by the hour, and- when I cease playing the nurse has to take him away, he cries so 7 n t otwxLuiy, wjrxLiuax uuwc— JL CAIIUJJO — ?av> — XXLJ dear, he —aw — weeps for — aw — joy.' Yonng widow — 'Mr. Preachly, will you marry me ?' - Mr PreacMy — ' Well, really, Mrs. Buokner, this is! so sudden and ' Young Widow — ' Oh," well take your time to . tMnkit over. Mr. Haririns and I thought I we'd tike to have you perform tKe service for ns.' . . Mrs. Gibhlegabble— ' Doctor, there is some thing the matter with my tongue; it pains me badly at times, and'I don't know what to do. for it,' Physician — ' Place a little cotton pillow under it between meals ; it may be tired and needs a rest.' ' Mrs. Gibblegabble : — 'But I couldn't, talk then.' Physician — ' That is why I prescribe the pillow.' ' You advertised for a boy.' 'Yes, Do you want a place?! 'Yes, sir.' 'Do you wMstle ?' 'No, sir.' 'Do you car re your name on desks and benches !' 'Ho sir.' ' Do you play hall during office hours ?' ' Oh, no sir! Never.' 'I'm sorry. You-won'tdo. I wanted a hoy, and individuals who . do not behave as I have indicated are not bovs.' The great difficulty about advice is the pre dominance of quantity over quality. When a man's temper gets the best of Mm it reveals'the worst of him. An observation found in the album of a French ' psychologue' — the husband of a pretty woman is1 ne ver sympathetic. Mabel — Amy, what has -become of your Anti-Slang Society." Amy — Oh, it's in the soup. " . w.nenayoung man witn plenty oi sanu marries a young woman with plenty of rocks there is no reason why their house should-jiot stand. - It Tickled Him — Friend — Are you happy ? Spirit (through medium) — Perfectly . so« Friend — What has pleased you most since you left us? Spirit — The epitaph on my tombstone ' It both amaze and delights me. A bad habit is like a cat in that ithasmany lives, and like a cat you will have to kill it - ; nine times before yon are sure it is dead. . 