IYA'S QUEST. OUAPTOn V (C0NTIKUR1)). Often,- hi' looking buck upou. it, Hint first, ovoniiig, of - tlio bride's homo-, coming soomod to Gorda tlio longostof hor' lifo. ; -All. was strnngo, - now, and iintribd. i SIuTBOomod : to stand, as ; it; woro, upon a narrow plank connecting hor happy past with .hor unknowti futuro. Turn 'back slio could not — look forward, slio linrdly-darod. . . Lndy Ducio took- hor. plaoo nt lior husband's tnblo. Gordn, of oourso," wns rolbgatod to a sido soat. Oonvor- stition was a'difiloulty. , -How could. Gorda talk unrosorvodly ' til M O TT — . - . iu iiuu iiuouiiuu ui it ubiiuigur r iiuir <Jould,, sho ask -.-qiiostioiiR about her fathorB doings wliou slio did- not ovon know wlioro.ho bad spent. tlioso woolcs 10L abaonoo— wooks . whioli, short as thoyjiyero, had 8u(Iioud,to bring, about suclfa revolution in bis life P . / k£y;lndy,.onme,- to tlio rosouo. Slio lind no scruples, nt1 any rate. Sho wns dying with curiosity,' niid'Bho bad nounind it sbould bo ungrntifiad. Tlio' .Ohaso iB n beautiful old plaoo, Bertram, r It quito oqitala my ox- poctntions.: :T'Ruppose you bnvo plenty of pleasant noigbbours ? ' I have, lod the lifo of nrooluso for jours, and soon no one but old frionds,' 'returned .'-'Lord Ducio.. 'I liavo no doubt tbo county.. goiiorally. will call on . yon; ;-nnd you can ohooso- your own society.'. 'Of courso. Who livos at that quaint .old gaklod building I notiood among tbo troos as wo drovo from tbo station?' : --S/, ' Tbo Piorrepointa — old family friondH.. Qordu, I supposo you h'avo soon; a groat doal of tbom while I was away ? ' Gordn's .faoo changed as if by mngio. . Tbo. -blank . disappointmont fridod, . tho fair , ohooks flualiod, and lior oyos sparkled ns though at some happy motnory. ' Sir Jnmosoamo ovor and fotobed mo tbo Sunday after y oil left, papal and I have boon thoro ovor sinco. I had a very pleasant visit/. ' ' ' Ifns Sir JnniOB any sons?' Lord Duoio lookod stonily at bis wifo/butdho inupudo was quito dost upon;Gerdn..,'Sbo,answorod, simply, — . No.-; : Ho and. Lady Piorropoiut aro tbo dearest pld oouplo. They must be ovor seventy, but tlioy nro both as gay .-.and oheorful.a8 possible.'' . Sir .Jnmos was Badly .disturbod tho lnst'liiuo.I saw him,! said Lord Ducio. .'I supposo,- Gorda, ho did not toll you anything about bis oxporionoo' in tbo chostnut walk ? ' ' That is tlio oliiof ronson I wanted youi' iaddross, .papa. i. You- oan't pos sibly guosB all! havo to toll vnu.' Tbo now mistross of Notborton Cknso,- lookod . roproaobfully at hor husband. , . v . / , ' I mnko till oxousos for your daugbtor, Bortrnra,'- sho obsorvod, coldly. ' Of ooiirso lior oduoatiou lias boon noglootod but slio might roi mombor it is not polito to discuss in oompauy.. a subject, on wliioh ouo of . tbo party is iiuinformod. Gorda blushod- hotly. ' ' Aiiothor timo',' slio murmurod,- 1 1 can .toll. you; papa.' Thero: 1b no hurry about it.' ' Lord Duoio looked troiiblod. ' Tho. obqstnut walk, Julin; is a kind of: byway of lnno loading from my grounds to tlio 'Piorrepoints'. Just boforo I wont awny Sir Jamos bad boon muoli disturbed .by soeing— or, rather, ...dreaming that. '.ho saw— my groat uncle and a friond of. bis own promoimding tbis lonoly. spot. As ltalph Ducio lias boon dead for. years it could linrdlyv:, bp. yiiijisolf— indeed, tho -apparition", was tlint of. a young . man. I believb I spent my last even ing at bomb-in trying: to porsuadb Sir Jnmos ho wns tbo victim' of a fancy, but I did not succeed ; and, as, Gerdn ... Las. boon liia- ghost' so- long, .1 own I am anxious to-hoar what hp has; told her p/1 the matter;' ' - ; , Lady Ducio smiled. , ' Porhnps tbo poor old mdniis:in bis \- - ; dotngo?' 'Sir Jamos is a magistrate, '.ro- turnod Gerdnj coldy, ' nud bis. decisions are muoli respected : for their 'olenr judgmont ; .but lie is quite .convin'cod .no>v,: papa, that Uncle Ralph's ghost . never haunted tho chestnut walk.' ' And who convincod kirn ? ' .' I bolievp I did.' ' You ! ' oxblnimod Lndy Ducio, 'a more child like you! Tho idea is preposterous ! ' ' You seo,' said Gordn, trying to keep her temper, I cbancod to moot tho apparition, and it spoko to mo. Tbup oncourngod, instend of running away, wliioh bad always been Sir James's plan, I had quito a long oon- vbrsation with Air, Cfyost, and finally took him to tlio Hnll, and presontod him to Sir Jamos in his truo cha racter.' ' And that was ? ' , 'Our kinsman, Iva Duoio, old Undo Ealpli's grandson. At present ho is a sailor; but ho is vory rioli, and somo dny ho nionns to sottlo in England. Ho camo down to Nothor- ton to inako acquaintance with us. I did so wish, fathor, you had bcon .at liomo 1 ' ..' I wish I had boen. And you like tho young, follow, Gorda? What is lio like ? ' ' ' Undo Enlph's pioturo. Ho might liavo sat for it.' ; ' ' And- has Sir Jamos taken a fonoy jtoliini?' 'A vory groat ouo. I boliovo ho irogrots-Iva is so woll off. ; Ho would liko.to havo adopted him.' i ' Has bo any brothors?'- ; t ; '. 'Ho. has, no rolation in ;.tho . world, qiapn, oxoopt oursolros. I did so wish !y ou bad boon lioro to wolcoaio liirn to iNotborton.' v . _ . . .. ' 'I will woldomb him 'suroly, my child. . I aui glad onough tkoro is ono of tlio old naino loft.' ; :' IsMr. Duoio mnrriod ? ' askod my lady, slowly. , , G orda almost smiled.';-.- : > ' Oh; . no ! Ho' is- quito 'young; ; I dou't'supposo.ho over thought of .suoh 'n thing, pnpn. '; Ho says-Undo Ralph iahvays rogrottod tlio family foud, and his ono dosiro was that Iva should , bo friends witli us.' ' So lie shall bo, ohild. Tlio foud linB lnsted long onough. Thoso who .origiiiatod it aro idoad and gono. I i am not going to carry on a quarrel : wliioh bogun boforo I was born/. ... Lady Duoio roso to loavo tho tahlo. -Lord Duoio lioavod a sigh as sho and his daughter loft tho room, .nnd ho : was alono with liis" own reflections. ' Hnd- 1 - known of this young man,' jho. muttorodi , ' I should nover havo dono it. . I thought Gorda would be uu | uuiuuiuu tiuu a nuy to oruoi tongues.' What misorable ohanoo sont -mo away from homo boforo Iva Duco Irovoaloil :' his identity? Woll; it' is ;dono now ; no regrots will alter things. I must mako the best of it. His.wifo wns alono in , the drawing-' room, adiaughty, boautiful . woman, - 6f wlioso diarnis many men would havo boon proud. - Tjord Duoio wont up to: lior and sat down. : Ho wnntod to say something, 1 but hardly -know "bow to ohooso his words. :' What do you; think of Gorda ? ! ; : : 'Sho is vory protty;' =" The auswor oonoiliatod;tlio father at onoo. 'You will bo kind to hor,Jnlia','for my sako. 'Roinombor, poor obild, bow lonoly lior lifo has' boen.' 'I - moan; to bo : voryrlcind >to her, Bortram, but — you must .forgivo mo for saying' so— she has been dreadfully spoilt.' . . ;,:I. noyor doniod lior anytbiug.' . ; 'Procisoly. and so sho> thinks it lior mission to rule tho world. I must ask you to mako hor understand that, "as your wife, I am tho mistress of Notborton.' . . ; 'I am suro you will find' her. gontle nnd submissive.' . ' , , ,j. Lndy Duoio lookod : at - him fixodly. ' And'/am suro she will resont my authority :. and v. struggle against it. Thoro is solf-will in lior ovory. look;'1 , ' Think- of tbo years slio has boon mothorloss.' ' Or called so,' oorrootod my lady, drily.., ;'_0f oourso, when . .I-'.romomber hor -jmst history, I . must pity hor. Boliovo me, Bortram, I- am- propnrod to do my duty to hor.'; ; : v, v Ho winood. ...! '' 1 ' Sho is'not in tbo loast like you.' ; .':;i'-No.!/ ' 7 : V;-;!;:; ' ; . ,!-It is strange sho should "rosemble noithor of lior parents.' - . : 'Vory.' , I supposo if anything, liapponod: to Gorda this young man of whom' wo liavo hoard to-night, Iva Duoio, would lw vrmi» linin? , ' My hair is whoever I ; chooao to soloct, Julia., Ploaso Heaven, my ohild will suvvivo mo ; but tlio ostntos nro not ontailod. I could loavo all I liavo to' a ' strangor ; put the moment tho lironth is out of my body -the title niust bo Iva's. I am very glad thoro is a Duoio . loft :to bear it ;- for I bad foarod it \vould bo oxtinot.' Lady Duoio sat down to the piano, and begun to sing. Sho had- a rich, poivorfiil vciico, which -had- boon oaro- fully Irainod and cultivated. Music' was tho softoningiufluonco of! hor lifo. Sontod at the piano sho lookod: alhiost' niiothor oroaturo. Tlio oruol smilo fadod from her lips, tho hard linos about libr mouth relaxed. WJiou sho sang, you might bolievo elie pospbsbod a-- heart. it' was hard oiiouglp to do so at othbr timos; Gorda did liot como'toitho dvawing- rboin: Somehow sho could uot. That uight had taught hor tho dosolution of being one top many. - Slio wns alono in the pretty room wliero long ago sho sat; waiting for Sir 'James. ; Slio; had thrown liorsolf lipoii. tbo sofa, and; 8ho lay thoro sob bing :qs though' hor vory heart would broalc. 'How could ho do it ! '- uioaiiod tho -poor .girl in her anguish,' ' Oh, how ooiild 'he; I lovod him sop would havo givon-my lifo to mako him happy, and now ho has put hnothor woman in my mother's plaoe, and has no lovo loft for hor ohild. , Oh. mother ! why can't I dio and bo at rest with you ! ' Gordn.' . The time had ; passed, , the' summer, gloaming had failed into ; night, the soft tnoorilight poured into tbo room, and by its siivory rays Gorda discerned lior father standing boside hor, his faoo full of troubled anxiety. 1 Gorda.' ' Oh, papa ! ' . Slio hid lior faco oil his shoulder, and for a fow moments gavo way again to those doop, voiceless sobs' which soomod to: shake hor wholo framo, nnd woro torrible, almost hbnrt- londiug, to witness in ono so young, -tolling, as thoy did,' of n dospair un- suitod to lior years. 'My darling, you must not grievo lilto this. Gorda, tnlco oourngo. I am bore. No sorrow shall evor touch you that I can ward off.' ' Pnpn, why did you not toll me ? ' Ho uudorstood ' what ' too woll. 'It was vory suddon, dear.' ' Thon you did not moan it wlion you wont away? You woron't hiding it from mo?' — 'Gorda, I novor saw; Aliss Barton until I roaohod Yorkshire. Our ,marringo was a vory hurriod- ono, and I planned- it for your salco.' . ' Alino ?' ; 'Yours, and yours only. 'What did I want with a wifo? I had your mothor's .momory. Gorda, I thought only of your intorosts when I -made Miss Barton Lady Duoio.' . 'But I wns quito liappy. ; I -had -you ; I wnntod no ono else.' > Lord'Duoioa ohooks blanchod. ' Gorda, do you trust mo?' i Bottor.tlian anyono in tho world.' ; 'I onnnot oxplnin it to you, donr ; I oan only imploro my ohild to trust mo. A gront danger throatonod you,- a. peril so awful I cannot ovon toll you its -naturo. My nim was to savo you ifrom this dnngor at any cost— and so il married Julia Barton.' i . ' And sho — ; — ' . . ; ' Sho is a lady- of good education |and rofinomont ; slio has, boon ao- oustomod to tho host sooioty, and will bo a usoful and ploasant companion to my Gorda.' 'Pnpn, I tliiuk sho hates. mo.' . ' Nonsonso.' . 'Hor oyos soom almost to sorat'oh- ray face wlion sho looks at mo. Papa,, we may bo good frionds,- but ; she-, will novor lovo mo.' 1 - ; 'Slio hns.promisod me 'to lovo you donrly, and I am Buro sho will keep |hor word.' . T 1 ' But . can ono hoop a word lilto. that?.' askod Gorda;. -'I always ! thought-. that lilcos and dislikos, lovo and hatrqd,,.wero froo gifts. I never know thoy could bo bostowod by promise.' ' My dear Gordn, you aro prejudiced ; yout liavo boon reading some foolish book about unkind stopmotliors.' . - ' Indeed, papa, it is not that. Hurt : and; wounded as l am at your sudden i marridgo, . I: would try and' lovo Lady. Duoie— if I could-.' ' ' . . 'And why oan't you?.!: 'I think,' said Gorda, faintly, 'it must .bo instinct. The moment-. I lookod at her face I Beomed to know sho would ho my onomy.' ; 'This is nonsense, Gordn, or temper;' I hardly kno w which. It may be a visitation to you to lose the dignity of mistress of my house, but you ought not tegiveway to such evil feelings. Lady' Duoio is a beautiful and; ac- complislipd i gentlewoman whose com panionship ' will '.bo 'a" great benefit to you. You linve hb manner of reason to suspect she will prove your onomy.' Gordn looked ..at liirn with her mother's oyes. , Then she put one hand, on; hor heart, and said, roproaob fully, — , 'It is not torapoiv papa, or , preju dice ; it. is - more — what people oall a presentiment. I moan somothing hero tolls mo . Lady JiGoio will do me somo bittor wrong.' Suroly lier presence had already worked mischief botween the two who had onoo boen tho whole world to each othor ; for at Gerda's last words Lord Duoie roleasod himself from- tho pre sence of her clinging arms, and, with out ovon a pnrting caress, left the. girl alone with her misery. OlIAl'1'Ett VI. Tho next morning the new Lady Duoio was formally presented to the establislimont as Mistross of Nether- ton.'- Mrs. Bond and somo of tho older servants folila kind of thrill of pity for, Aliss Gorda' hut Lord Ducio was a good master and they could not lutivu ma ouiviuu juati uuuuuau uo iina brought-liomo-n. wifo,' So Julia found a .vory respootful weloomo from hor liusband'q rotainors, and tho only in mates ;of tho . Ghaso . who /.w'ero not pre- soiit' wlion lior husband, introduced . hor to tho; housoliold were Gerda and old Nurso Browq. ; Thoir prosonoo wns riot noo'dod. Nurse 'filled no post / in tho establishment ; sho had long boon superannuated, and lived .alriiost en tirely in tho, two pretty little rooms allotted to; hor,' ' Still Mrs. Bond had triad in vain to inako lior como and pay. honour to tho now lady, s. ' I rookon there are enough of you without mo,' said tho old nurso, , bitterly. . , ' I'm 'ho'to" to worshipthe riBirig, Btav. . I'll just go .to niy own young lady arid see if there's naught I.could do for hor.' V For Gorda, "iaint and weary from tho oxcitomont of ; the night before, wns still in lior own room, and had' not finishod her siriiplo toilet when the old nurso appeared. Here's- ohanges; my honey. l.-'+said tho old woman, fondly; ' but' they'll bring no good to those that mado tbom. My lord's gono the right way no w to fulfil the ourso.' Gorda tromhlod. '-Don't nurse,' she said, huskily ; ' and what ourso oould fall, upon papa ? I nover hoard of any.' ' You woron't born, my sweet one- no, nor tho master himself when it was spokon. It's fifty years and more sinoo.Mr. Rupert left the Ohaso, but I mind his.wbrds as well as. though he'd spoke them' but yesterday. "The pride of ; the Duoies shall' bo broiight, lowi and ns to-day you drive mo forth/ because I irinko a marriage you doom beneath mo. so in tho days to come the ohiof of the. Duoies by marriage shall soil his soutoheon for over." ' 'Hush!' said Aliss Gorda, quickly; 'Nurso, you rausn't say such things! Lady Duoio is my father's wife, and thoro is nothing low about her— sho is a lady horn and broil.' 'You liavon't hoard tho end,' said tho old sorvnnt, complaooiitlv. 'Mr, Ralph was a truo. prophet— bless him. " As I give up all my lovo, nnd you oast mo out," ho said, "so shall o Lord of Duoie blight his life by bring ing to tho Ohaso an unloved wifo, whoso' coming shall bring suoh misery lie will ruo the day sho crossed his throshold ! " ' Gordn shiverod. ; ' It lioodn't moan papa.' 'Tho first Lady Ducio to oomo homo aftor tho ourso wns your grnndinothor, Miss Gorda; hor huaband just wor shipped hor. Tho noxt Lady- Duoie, your own mothor, my lamb, never livod to take ber place hero. It's. tho lady who camo last night to whom tlio warning points, Aliss Gerda. I rookon wo'll livo to soo tho prophocy fulfilled, and to ruo the day sho ovor camo amongst us.' Gerda had finishod dressing now. Sho was trombling in ovory limb, hut she turnod to go downstairs. It was strnngo to fool the day wns at hor own disposal — sho who had boon used to spond all hor time with hor fathor. A now lifo seomod to havo dnwnod for hor. On the grand staircase she mot Lady Duoio tnstofully dressod in a morning-costume of pink cambric. Vory Btatoly and charming lookod tho 'mistresB of tho Ohaso, nnd lior faoo was kinder than it had boon the even ing before. Sho kissed Gordn's chook. told her slio lookod pnlo nnd tirod, mid then invited hor to spend tho morning in her boudoir, and inspoet tho mar- vollous troussoau her maid was evon thon unpacking. \ 'Youug girls like protty things,' slio obsorvod, graciously. 'You nro drds9otl nmoh too plainly, Gerda. I shall buy you a new outfit boforo wo go to Loudon in the spring.' 'To London! ' Gonla's oyos openod wide. '"Will papa really go to London, Lady, Duoio?' 'Ofoourso. You mustboprosented to the Quoon next season. . Surely you knew that? ' I novor thought about it.' 'Don't you oaro for ploasure and gaioty ? ' . ... - ; ' , '. ' I havo lod such a quiet life.' They had roaohod the boudoir now. Lady Ducio wns not in tho loast averse to gleaning information from her step daughter. She found hor husband very uncommunicative, and thero was a great deal she wished' to know. ' I suppose you have always lived bore?'' , . ; . . ..iV':: : ' Ever sinco my mothor.died.' Poor ohild I you otinnot remember hor ? ' > 'Not in tho loast. Papa says' — hero Gerda; blushed— ' that I : am her imago. Ho always prays I may have a longer" life.? , . . v- : Lady Duoio felt- intensely- ho-, wihlerod. Sho believed1 that the features . of Gerda's mother wore per- footly familiar to hor, and that thoro was not the slightest resemblance be tween them. 'I suppose she never oame here ? ' ' Oh, never. They were married abroad — my mothor— died there.' Sho was vory yourig — almost a child.- I am older now than my mother was when I was horn.' ' And you have no likeness of her ? ' 'Papa has one. Ho wears it in that hoavy gold lookot on his watoh guard.' The exhibition , of the. troussoau bogan. Gorda felt-' she Was expected to ; admire, and fortunately, Lady Duoio having, porfoot tasto, most of the thingswere-reallybonutifiil. The ;morniijg|voro away not un- plriqsantly, . rind /wlion.! the thrbe' who foi'med'tbo littlo lamiily mot at lunch Lady Duoie 'and Gordn were on ternis. of at least outward cordiality. . Lord Duoio had been 'over to Pierrepoint Hall, and brought the news Sir James and liis wife would call that afternoon. My lady hoard the news absently enough. Her eyes sepmed . fixed upon her husband's watoh oliain and a largo gold lookot uuuuuoij vimoou winuu UUU iruiu 1C. Now sho came , to think- of it, she had never- seen it open. . She determined the latter point, should he rectified at onoeV . ; — .- - . Lady puoie . looked a ..handsome woman and a stately ono when she re-' oeiyed her guests that afternoon, . Sir Jaiues rind L'ady Pierrepoint had oomo propnrecl to.ho critical— they find, meant to-hold tho- now mistress of the Ohaso, at arm's length,' because they guessed .the .grief her coming must cauBB their favourite Gorda, but in five minutes time Julia had oaptivatod them both.' /-The/spells' which had worked like mrigio on tho - littlo circle at 'Hornsea were equally potent with the baronet and his wifo. Julia turaed them into ardent ndmirors. Boforo Gerda had realised her old frionds could differ from her in opinion Sir James was congratulating hor on suoh a lovabla .stop-motlior, . arid Lady Pierrepoint tolling hor she now possossod the ono thing wanting in her : liouso— sweet womanly, companionship. " V 'She has boen so muoh alone,' said the dear old lady to hor hostess, ' and it has boen suoh a dreary, life for a girl like her that I" am delighted she should gain suoh a friond nnd. mother, while for lior henceforth Nethortou UhasB will havo two attractions instead of one. I shall congratulate Lord Duoie heartily. ; ..:?1!0;7,a8,as Bod M.W word, , and if Ue..felt how unriecessary wore the felicitations ho could not say so He had to stand at Julia's side and smile while Lady Pierrepoint made hor pretty spoeohes. Ho was a handsome man, despite his mne-and-forty years. - The two made a stately- looking couple, and other visitors who followed tho Pierre- points examplo, and flocked to do honour to the_brido, agreed with Sir J amos . that. Duoie lmd dono a very good thing: for himself in bririging homo suoh a; mistress for Notherton Ohnso. ,f'l 'o be continued. J 