A LE3EOT OF "EATOTBD" OTOLT. (Bv William Svlvesteh -Walkbr.) AUNTED' Gully wad v<«i«fM'flihftanted no longer. Tho, '-SSSR two or'K'nn prospDctora who had nnmod tho pluco had been absorbed, and almoafc forgotten in tbo concourso of diggers, whoso now log huts, claims, und constantly ngitntcd windlnases be spoke tho oviction of tho genus loci \ which won populaVIy aupposcd to brood over the buried gold of this deep and densely- wooded ravine. French Billy had explained tho early existing error attached to tho locality, and I confess that tho hitherto aecludod spot was rifled of its charms as ho did so, "You bpo," said he, with much excite ment, ".tlioso two follows work liko niggors, two-troe-weolc, when they go to tbo township and drink cognac, plenty —too much — thon como lmclc in the night, fall down, roll down the gully, lose their swags— then thoy «ay tho placo is hunted — ghosts take away their things, Sucre I they get drunk, that's all. Considering that, Billy, on his Unit pilotage of inyuelf to the Gully, had pointed out u swag reposing against a tree, liulf wray down one of the sides of tho great rift, whero it hucl apparently been brought to a sudden stop in its downward career, and reflecting also that wo discovered that samo afternoon n now tin billy, a small bug of flour, nud a pick-bundle, at various points, and that when after infinite pains wc had curried these article and our own tools to tho prospector's hut, half way tip the other sido of tho ravine, wo hud l»cou received with smiles and unlimited oflbrs of battlo-axo, I camo lo iho conclusion that Billy wns right. As to tin? pros pectors, thoy didn't care. They worn on good gold, and had probably spread the report of ghostly thieves to Ream away intruders. But sticking so constantly to tho sutno place was against lliem. They worn watched nnd tho now rush began, beaded by ourselves. It wns not long boforn our party of live had run up a substantial log hut, and were living iu clover, retiring to rest in our hunks at night literally tired out, nnd— oh, delightful life— dreaming of unearthing tho largest nuggot over heard of. -itrrii. nKlln. I. whnfc Jominy, our ngw chum partner, 1, would !m up to next, our lines had ' j.indoed chanced upon pleasant places, xaud when tho pudding maeliino was finished wo considcicd that wa should bo able to ninkq plonty of tribute money, even if our own claim turned out .to Iw a duller. ' ' ; 7 It was no siueciirn, this looking after,. Jemmy. You. couldn't trust . him! 'to! work. for morn tbau ten. minutes at a ''time 'without' Hinging dowri-liU'shovel and rushing, oil' like a hiumriq ; prospect. - -iro hud aiycady-set liro to tho v 'hut, rind imd 'demolished - & ..ruiuablc .« . 'possum, rug in hispfl'orta to pub jt' but . Regain. , llu had ' l.oilod iill ' tlie h(orh h . .handles ofl pur ; knives, and forks; uijd,' had got hushed nine times,.. '.whon. ull Jirindq had to; turn oiit Witlrhbttlo-lau- - jiudhiml r . 7. ' . ,v'; . .Our 'Bundrtya ..weroj .gonufiilly.qiuef,. sometimim yuriotl by a' long prospecting walk Svifch sonie ex perienced digger, who- wouhl read gold-sign iri thoain riinleta' liko a liorik, aiuj bcguilo f.hn ,way with \- divoiv -otoriea of -digging ' Jifc, and the - evening ganrrnlly sa\y our party, seated 111 conclave, - soinotiuies reading, :soqiri- 1 .times. singing! but always ready to rtish into tho all-absorbing topic— goUhimd-' ing. at the slightest hint from any one. It \yas oil; those occasions that our -sanctuin would bo invaded by diggers, with spccimons— nuggets, crystallised quart/,, garnets, and zircons. Once I remombor seeing two sapphires that had rbocn picked out of the tailings from tho cructies; nut we did not -then know tho yajuo, or even tho identity of ;many of tlio stonea— all hands would gather round, and minutely examine .them, and yariis would bo spun of ' old days — Ben- iligo. aiid "Walhalla qld days, until wo felt rofcpslied and, satisfied. At. other timcssour Bundaya would, lie uuovontful uiltil' "Suuerkraut" -dropped in .to en- : '.livcii thoni. .. Of course; Sauorkruut was r not. his real name.. .'. No onn ever owiicd. < up to a real namo on tho (ligginga— " Bill 'the Fainter," " Juok tho Butclior," or '"'BwriiihUI wore' good enough for ,uh.. : AVOijvJ\yays answered, to them.' . I 1 'daresay some .of us. forgot .occasionally both christian ' and aut nanio,. or only Btlrtnlsed.'iW'aborfc of half-doubting won- derment that , wn . had niico owned such a title,, togetlmr .with, a; silk hat aiuh a pair of glovuj, ' iii ii distant nnd far-oil' existence, as it were, ffans JLivupmanti. wns tho nnmo .givon by his godfather and godmother to tho indi vidual '-iu question, hut French Billy imd rechristened; him, undor the in fluence of MarUjll's brandy, arid tho cognomen bnd adhered like sticking plaster,. . With all Lis qriuint, foreign ways, Sauerkraut, was holovod in Haunted. Gully.- <No one , could 'look upon his friondly, honest Teutonic face, beaming, upon oycryorie, without feeling n thrill of interest in the maq himself. Ha hud only one fault, hn was a victim to deep- Hiriking— not, gobbmining though hn had oxperioiiccda plethora of that also — f lmt ho wus given to jiudden spasmodic outbursts of hard drinking. "Ittont matter boys," he would say, when remonstrated with by hid friends, who had pulled him through a sharp alcoholic attack. "It dont matter, f liof nono loft'in do vorldt to euro for mo, and mein lcetlo franloin sho is ted, and the grass grow green above hor grave in do Liobonwaldo, I see urine fault y as well ns you, but it tont matter/' : Sauerkrntit bnd worked his claim with varying success, always hutting, or in otlioi; words, living alono. Good luek invariably ended in a carouse, and- ho would emerge from a bout as one who had como back from tho dead. Ho had, whon debarred from our socioty, two constant companions one inanimate, tho other dumb. Yob from tho formor ho could evoko such swcob nnd Solemn strains, that his solitttdo was solitude no longor, and muny a diggor, passing his rude hut on tho hillside after nightfall would pnuso and listen, and perchance remarking to himself, with bated brcntli, that "Sauerkraut was on the ptcoio- ngnin," stroll on in uicditativn mriod. Tho other friend wmb a rough but sympathotio dog, named 8chncidcr. . As w« turned away one night and de scended the zigzag track down the gully the strains of tho resuscitated man's fluto stolo gently on Our ears and senses, tho air, that sweet, pathetic, American melody,— Woy down upon dc,Swannoe rlbcr, Happy was I. seeming to incorporate' itself with tlio rustling of tho leaves and the chirp of tho treo crickets and to harmonise with tho twinkling stars and tho perfumed summer ovoning until it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled and rocklesr. license of an Australian digging enmp. Apprehending no evil consequences wo Imd loft a bottlu of thrco star Hen- nessy for hitn to taper on, for Sauerkraut wan not a constant toper, and once thoroughly recovered hn would not touch tho fatal beverage for months to gether. ' When nble to < shoulder pick and shove! ho always worked hard ngatn, and would often visit our log hut on Hun- days, his eye bright and his skin clear. Even Schneider wan a ditl'oront dog on thcso occasion, and dictated ami wrote out volumoa of canine nflVction on the door with his tail. Tho only apprehen sion which seem to exist in Schneider's mind — for there is no doulit he pus- flCBHC.d one— wns 'brought into play by tbo sight of a bottle. Then ho shrank apparently into his shaggy skin, and be came more like a door uiat than n dog. A gleam of great pity crept into his oyen, und his tail lay motionless beside litnt. Itllt. Sinlinplmtuf. tinvnc tniinliAirl n dram, after the lirat hoapitablo olfer.wo never sought to toinpt hitn. Ho was very gratoful to us, rind by desire would produce his iluto and while away the time delightfully. From time to time as the months and weeks rolled on hn would drop -in carnally, leaving soino tiuies a present of wild honey.. fresh in tho coiub, lit others, a wallaby or u liracu ofwildduck. . / . ! ' About - three, months qftqrrthc occa sion to whioh l liavo alluded Saucrkrant dixappoared, and it wns conjeotured ! liirii his. waiidorihg habits haclprevailed i . upon Iiiiu to.lnavn flic camp and, .prospect 'inbspuia ininoto; locality. ; Copjitoturb gavof place to certainty nfter a'visit to, hisbut, Avhcro it'wris discovered that lie ha'd takou bia gun, , piqk,. aliove), ' rind swu'g," leaving a notu tiokecl to tho1 door ' contaiuiug tiio following itifoi'matiori in ,bis >voll-kiipwii Gerniati cliaructers . 'Iki.vs'.-I tmvn g-mis to 'prospect, Uio'Cfuvcv -land finnges iiiiiI Aun t' reckon to ho tinok for a fortnight. ... ;t. Tho only way to thoao rariges lay throtigh - almost impenetrable tt-treo Bcrub. ho tluclc that a track must bo cut; with bill-hook or -tomahawk, to give ono .bvon room 'to crawl on all- fours through it. : Bub as wo know tho traveilor would not hrivo to strike on to this -.peculiar country 'until a good hqlf-day'sjo'urriey . from Haunted Gully, so wo felt Anxious no longer, and soon grnw accuBtomod to tho nbsenco of our friencH. Onn evening, iw we were sitting in cheofy/cpnfabula- tiou,. however, wo'.w'nre star i,l rid by the sudden apponraiico of Sciinoidriri Never before or sinco hns there been such a "dog. Ho Ivus footsore, half blind, dragglod, torn, and bleeding. . Finding that .Sauerkraut did not. turn up with him, . as wo oxpectcdj wo became nlnrniod,' tho more so, us, tlio poornniioal appear cd 3tvangoly ox cited, occasionally giving a low, -moaning whinep nud. thou asoricaof short, quick barks. 1 Wo fed him, and ho. dovoured tho food raven ously. Then ho dmnk eagerly,' - hut every now nnd. thon -rushed .to tho door, rind finally conducted himrelf in suchrin outrageous, fashion that av'c Ooncludod ;thnfc aomo accident had Jirtppohcd.to'liis master; .so getting -our bottlo lunterns wo let him out, late as' it' was, -arid, followed him. From our logcahin ho wont to his nmstcr's abode. Oiicn there, with nioro1 llrin canine sag'toity, Jio ; howled ttnd.rualiGd forward-ori the! track leading away froui it.. Then dashing hack and barking, lio plainly.sliowctl uh tliat-we weroto follow. Wo emerged from the gullies, pitfalls, and' wnterfuus of tho long dark hours on to a small plain. Before us,, kissed by the sun, lay the Oleveland liangos somo tim.niilos oil'. At the end of tiie .plaiu, ti-treo scrub; voso. liko a, solid wall, stretching away side ways and ahead,, 'ns'far as tlio nyo could-reuch: -vTho mist was rolling away iu phantom columns, and .wo know that tho work boforo us won no child's pluy. Sclmeidor wont straight to the ti-true. For tho next six miles wc »t niggled through a track freshly cut in the scrub, in somo places having to crawl for long distances; but at length gutting through, still, cramped, bruised, and utt erly exhausted, wo crime to tho watershed tof a lovely creek, fringed with floworing eucalypti, ahlnze with gorgeous parrots. Tho dog took us to a rudo bark gunyah. Inside lay Sauerkraut dead — a shot wound in his breast. In tho stiffened fingers of his left hond was his poolcet-boak open whore tlieso. linos were pencilled:— "I havo acoidcnfc mit niy gun. I fall— sho shoot me;: :Tn tho creek look. It is ruby tin — thero is . thousands." Here the writ ing broko off. Death had claimed his victim. And within twenty yards of tho corpse, tlio gleaming laughing waters wantoned over, the very richost stream tin yet discovered under this Southern Cross. - What Haucrkraut had .found, and perished in finding, proved to bo a inino of wealth to hundreds of dig((era and speculators, and 011 the spot, where he ; died, a granite column, surrounded by nn iron railing, bears tho incription : HANS HAUPTMANN, Poemikh Pioneer and Founder op cleveland township. It is needles to say that wn took care of Schneider, but a settled riielan choly pervaded his being, and ho became a changed dog,, and ono morning, on goiog.out of tho' .hut, . I found- him pulseless, cold, and stiff iu tlio early buii- 'ray,. \ He had been faithful unto death. 