A DUEL AT THE COURT OF KING ARTHUR. Br Mark Twain. In his latest book, A Connecticut Yankee at King Arthur's Court, Mark Twain, with sacri legious boldness, parodies the Arthurian legends, which Tennyson has wedded to immortal poetry. The Yankee tells his own story, and in his own language, beginning with this brief description of himself. 44 1 am an American. I was bom and reared in Hartford, in the State of Connec ticut— anyway, just over the river, in the country. So I am a Yaukee of the Yankees— and practical ; yes, and nearly barren of senti ment, I suppose — or poetry, iu other words. My father was a blacksmith, my undo was n horse doctor, and I was both along at first. Then I wont over to the great Colt Arms fac tory and learned my real trade; learned all there was to it ; learned to make everything — guns, revolvers, cannon, boilers, engines, all sorts of labor saving machiuery." The first chapter explains how, by a curious accident, he was flung back thirteen centuries and landed, whole and sound and very much surprised, in the midst of the quaint and primi tive England of ICing Arthur and the Knights of the Round Tabic ; the five succeeding chap ters relate his first adventures at Arthur's Court, and close with his escape from death at the stake by means of a "miracle" — at least he passes the tiling off on tlioso simple and unerHtit imm nntmlo rta n mirnnlo A n rl nf un mighty a sort is his miracle that it raises him at once to the dignity of chief minister and execu tive, and at the same time so damages Merlin's stock as an enchanter that Merlin becomes bis enemy, and a bitter struggle for supremacy in magic enBUoa botween the two, which lasts to the end of the book. Merlin using the absurd necromaucy of the time, and the Yankee boating it easily aud brilliantly with tho more splendid necromancy of the nineteenth century — that is, the marvols of modern science. Among the incidents narrated is a misunder standing at a tournament, where tho Yankee makes n remark about Sir Dinadan, the humor ist, whiqh Sir Sagramour le Desirous imagines was meant for him, wherefore he challenges the Yankee to mortal combat. The manner of the fight is thus told. Up to the day set, there was no talk in all Britain of anything but this combat. All other topics sunk into insignificance, and passed out of men's thoughts and interest It was not be cause a tournament was a great matter; it was not because Sir Sagramour had found the Holy Grail, for lie had not, but had failed ; it was not because the second (official) personage in the kingdom was ouc of the duellists ; no, all these features wore commonplace. Yet there was abmidant reason for the extraordinary interest which this coming fight was creating. It was born of the faot that all tho nation knew that this was not to be a duel between mereinen, bo to speak, but a duel between two mighty magicians ; a duel not of muscle, but of mind ; not of human skill, but of superhuman art and craft; a final struggle for supremacy between the two master enchanters of the age. It was realised that the most prodigious achievements of the most renowned knights could not bo worthy of comparison with a Bpectacle like this ; thoy could be but child's play contrasted with this mysterious anu awtui uattlo of tiio gods. Yes, all the world knew it was going to bo in reality u duel between Merlin and mo, a measuring of his magic powers' against mmc. It was known that Merlin had beeu busy whole days aud nights together imbuing Sir Sagra- mour's arms and armor with supernal powers of offence and defence, and that ho had procured for him from tho spirits of tho air a fleecy veil which would render tho wearer invisiblo to his antagonist while still visible to other men. Against Sir Sagramour, so weaponed and pro tected, a thousand knights could accomplish nothing ; against him no known enchantments could provail. Thcso facts were buto ; regard ing them there was no doubt, no reason for doubt. There was but ono question — Might thero still be other enchantments, unknown to Merlin, which couhl render Sir S&gramour;'s veil transparent to me, and mako his enchanted mail vulnerable to my weapons I This was tho on » thing to be decided in the lists. Until then the world must remain in suspense. So the world thought thoro was a .vaBt matter All rights reserved. at stake here, and the world was right; but it was uot the ouc they had in their minds. No, a far vaster one was upon tho cast of tlria die— tho life of knight errantry. I was a champion, it was true, but not tho champion of the frivo lous black arts ; I was the champion of hard, unsentimental common sonsc and reason. I was entering the lists either to destroy knight errantry or to be its victim. Vast as tho show, grounds were there were no vacant spaces in them outsido of the lists at 10 o'clock on the morning of the 16th. The mam moth grand stand was clothed in flags, streamers and rich tapestries, and packed with, several aciC3 of small fry tributary kings, their suites and the British aristocracy ; with our own royal gang in tho chief plncc, and each and every individual a flashing prism of gaudy silks and velvets— well, I never saw anything to begin with it but a fight between an Upper Mississippi sunset and the aurora borcalis. The huge camp of befiagged and gay colored tents at one end of the lists, with stiff .standing sentinels at every door and a shining shield hanging by litm for challenge, was another fine sight. You see, every knight was thcro who had any ambition or any caste feeling; for my feeling towards their order was not muoh of a secret, and-so hero was their chaticc. If I won my fight with Sir Sagramour others would ha-vc tho right to call me out as long as I might be willing to re spond. ' Down at our end there were but two tents- one for me and another for my servants. At the appointed hour the king made a sign, and the heralds, in their tabards, appeared and made proclamation, naming the combatants and stating the cause of quarrel. There was a pause, then a ringing bugle blast, which was the signal for us to come forth. All the multi tude caught their breath, and an eager curiosity flashed into every face. Out from the tent rode great Sir Sagramour, an imposing tower of iron, stately and rigid, his huge spear standiug upright in its socket, and grasped in his strong hand, his giand horse's faco and breast cased in steel, his body clothed in rich trappings that almost dragged the ground — oh, a most noble picture ! A great shout went up, of welcome and admiration. And then out I came. But I didn't get any shout. Thero was a wondering and eloquent silence for a moment, then a great wave of laughter began to sweep along that human sea, I was clad in the simplest and mo3t comfortable of gymnast costumes, flesh colored tights from neck to heel, with blue silk puffings about my loins, and bareheaded. My horse was not above medium size, but he was alert, slender limbed, muscled with watch springs, and just a grey hound to go. Ho was a beauty, glossy as silk, and naked as he was when he was born, except for bridle and ranger saddle. The iron tower and the gorgeous bedquilt came cumbrously but gracefully pirouetting down tho lists, and wo tripped lightly up to meet them. We halted ; tho tower saluted, I responded ; then we wheeled and rode side by side to the grand stand and faced cur king and Guencvere, to whom we made obeisance. The queen exclaimed 14 Alack, Sir Boss, wilt fight naked, and with out lanco or sword or — " But the king checked her and made her understand, with a polite phrase or two, that this was none of her business. Tho bugles rang again, and we separated and rode to the ends of rue lists, anu route position. anow om iiienin stepped into view and cast a dainty web of gos samer threads over Sir Sagramour which turned him into Hamlet's ghost ; the king made a sign, tho bugles blew, Sir Sagramour laid his great lance in rest, and next moment here ho camo thundering down the course with his veil flying out behind, and I went whistling through the air like an arrow to meet him, cocking my car the while, as if noting the invisible knight's position and progress by hearing, not sight. A chorus of encouraging shouts burst out for him, and one brave voice flung out a heartening word for me — said : 44 Go it, slim Jim !" It was an even bet that Clarence had procured that favor for me— and furnished tho language too. When that formidable lanco point was within a yard and a half of my breast, I twitched my horse aside without an effort and tho big knight swept by, scoring a blank. I got plenty of applauso that time. "We turned, braced up, and down we came again. Another blank for the knight, a roar of applause for mo. This same thing was repeated onco more ; and it Sagramour lost his temper, and at cnce changed his tactics and set himsolf the task of chasing mo down. Why, he hadn't any show in the world &t; that ; it was a game of tag, with all the advantage on my side. I whirled out of his path with ease whenever I choose, and once I slapped him on tho back as I went to the rear. Finally I took tho chase into my own hands ; and, after that, turn, or twist, or do what he would, he was never able to get behind mo again ; he found himself always in frout at the end of his manoeuvre. So he gave up that business and retired to his end of tho lists. His temper was dear gone now, and he forgot him self and flung an insult at me which disposed of mine. I slipped my lasso from the horn of my saddle, and grasped tho coil in my right hand. This time you should have seen him come. It was a business trip, sure ; by liis gait there was blood in his eye. I was sitting my horse at case, and swinging the great loop of my lasso in wide circles about my bead. The moment he was under way I started for him. When tho space between us had narrowed to 40 feet, I sent the snaky spirals of tho rope a cleaving through the air, then darted asidu and faced about and brought my trained animal to a lmlt with all his feet braced under him for a surge. The next moment the ropo sprung taut and yanked Sir Sagramour out of the saddle. Great Scott 1 but there was a sensation. Unquestionably tho popular thing in this world is novelty. These people had never seen anything of that cowboy business before, and it carried them clear off their feet with delight. From all around and everywhere the shout went up : — " Encore 1" Encoro !" I wondered where they got the word ; but thero was no timo to cipher on philological matters, because the wholo knight errantry hive was just humming now, and my prospect for trade couldn't have been better. The moment my lasso was released and Sir Sagramour had been assisted to his tent, I hauled in tho slack, took my station and began to swing my loop nround my head again. I was sure to have use for it as soon as they could elect a successor for Sir Sagramour, and that couldn't take long where there were so many hungry candidates. Indeed, they elected one straight off — Sir Horvis de Revel. Bzz? Here he came, liko a house afire. I dodged : ho passed liko a flash, with my horso hair coils nettling around his neck ; a second or o later, fst 1 his saddlo was empty. I got auotber encore, anu another, and another, and still another. "When I had snaked fivo men out things began to look serious to tho iron clods, and they stopped and consulted together. As & result they doolded that it was timo to waivo etiquette and sond their great est and best against me. To tbo astonishment of that littlo world I lassoed Sir Lamor&k; do Galls and after him Sir Galahad. So you boo thero wob simply nothing to be dono now but play their right Lower — bring out tho superheat of tho superb, tho mightiest of the mighty, the great Sir Launcclot himself? A proud moment for mo ? I should think so. Yonder was Arthur, King of Britain ; yonder was Guenivere ; yes, and whole tribes of little provincial kings and kinglets ; and in tbo tented camp yomlcr renowucd knights from many lands ; and likewise tho sclcctcst body known to chivalry, the Knights of the Table Round, tho most illustrious iu Christen dom ; and, biggest fact of all, tho very sun of their shining system was yonder couching his lanco, tho focal point of 40,000 adoring eyes ; and, all by myself, here was I laying for him. Across my mind flitted the dear image of a cer tain hello girl of I Vest Hartford, and I wished she could seo tne now. In that moment down came tho invincible with tho rush of a whirl wind, the courtly world rose to its feet and bent forward, tho fateful coils wont circling through tho air, and before you could wink I was towing Sir Launcclot acros3 the field on his back, and kissing my hand to the storm of waving ker chiefs and the thunder crash of applause that greeted. me. Said I to myself, as I coiled my lariat and hung it on my saddle horn, and sat there drunk with glory, i4Tko victory is perfect, no other will venture against mo ; kuight errantry is dead." Now imagine my astonishment, and everybody else's too, to hear the peculiar buglo call which announces that another competitor is about to enter the lists. There was a mys tery here ; I couldn't account for this thing. Next, I noticed Merlin gliding away from me j and then I noticed that rny lasso was gone. The old sleight of baud expert had stolen it, sure, and slipped it under his robe. The bugle blew again. I looked, and down came Sir Sagramour riding again, with his dust brushed off and his voii nicely re-arranged. I trotted up to meet liiin, and protunded to find him by the sound of his horse's hoofs. Ho fiaid : 14 Thou'rt quick of ear, but it will not save thee from this 1" and he touched tho hilt of his great sword. "An yo are not able to see it, because of the influence of the veil, know that it i3 no cumbrous lance, but a sword — ami. I ween ye will not be able to avoid it." His visor was up ; there was death, in his smile. I should never bo able- to dodge his sword, that was plain. Somebody was going to dio this time. If he got the drop on mo, I mulrl nnmn tlin cnrnco Wa paiIa fnrwar/1 together and saluted the royalties. This timo the king was disturbed. Ho said : ' 44 Where is thy strange weapon?" "It is stolen, sire." " Hast another at hand?" 44 No, sire ; I brought only the one." Then Merlin mixed in : " He brought but one because thore was but tho ono to bring. There exists none other but that one. It belongeth to the King of Demons of the Sea. This man is a pretender, and igno rant; else ho had knowu that that weapon can be used in but nine bouts only, and then it vanisheth away to its home under tho sea." "Then is lie weaponless," said tho king. " Sir Sagramour, yo will grant him leave to borrow." " And I will lend," said Sir Launcelot, limping up. 44 He is as brave a knight of his hands as any that be on live, and ho shall have mine." He put his hand on his sword to draw it, but Sir Sagramour said : "Stay, it may not be. He shall fight with his own weapons ; it was his privilege to chooso them aud bring them. If ho has erred, on his head bo it." "Knight," said the king, "thou'rt over wrought with passion ; it disorders thy mind. Wouldsfc kill a naked man?" " An he do it he shall answer it to mo," said Sir Launcclot. "I will answer it to any he that desiretb," re- tortod Sir SAgrainour hotly. Merlin broko in, rubbing his hands and smil ing his low- downcst smile of malioious gratifi cation : 44 Tis well said, right woll said ! And 'tis enough of parleying. Let ray lord the king de liver the battle signal." The king had to yield. The bugle made pro clamation, and we turned apart ami rode to our Btations. Thero wo stood, 100 yards apart, facing each other, rigid and motionless like horsed statues. Anil so we remained, iu a soundless hush, as much as a full minute, every body gazing, nobody stirring. It seemed as if the king could not take heart to give tho signal. X3ui> qu mat ue uiteu nus iiuuu, tiio ciear note oi the bugle followed, Sir Sagramour's long blado described a flashing curve iu tho air, and it was superb to see him come. I sat stilL On ho came. I did not move. People got so excited that tlioy shouted to me : 44 Fly, fly ! Save thyself 1 This is mur- thcr 1" I never budged so much as an inch till that thundering apparition had got within 15 paces of me ; then 1 snatched a dragoon revolver out of my holster, there was a flash and a roar, and the revolver was back in the holster before any body could tell what had happened. Hf»ro was a riderless horse plunging by, and yonder lay Sir Sagramour, stone dead. The people that ran to see him wero stricken dumb to find that tiic life was actually gone out of tho man and no reason for it visible, no hurt upon his body, nothing like a wound. There was a hole through tbo breast of his chain mail, but they attached no importance to a little thing like that ; and as a bullet wound thero pro duces but little blood, none came in sight becauso of tbo clothing and swaddlings under the armor. The body was dragged over to let tho king and swells look down upon it. Thoy were stupefied with astonishment, naturally. I was requested to come and explain the miracle. But I remained in my tracks, like a statue, and suid : . 44 If it is a command, I will come; but my lord tho king knows that I am whoro the laws of combat require mo to rcmniu while anydesiro to como against me." I waited. Nobody challenged. Then I said : 44 If thero aro any who doubt that this field is woll and fairly won, I do not wait for them to challcngo rae, I challenge them." "It is a gallant offer," said tho king, "and wcu oescuxms you. wiiuin win you name first ?" 44 1 namo none, I challcngo all! Here I ataml, and dare tho chivalry of England to como against me— not by individuals, but In mass !" "What !" shouted n scoro of knights. "You have heard the challenge. Take it or I proclaim you recreant knights and vanquished, every ono 1 ' It was a 44 bluff," you know. At such a timo it is sound judgment to put on a bold fnco and play your hand for a hundred times moro than it is worth ; forty-nine times out of fifty nobody dares to " call," and you rake in tho chips. But 1'ust this once— well, things looked equally 1 n just no timo fivp hundred knights wero scrambling into their Baddies, aud, before you could wink, a widely scattering drove were under way and clattering down upon mc. I snatched both revolvers from the holsters and began to measure distances and calculate chanoea. Bang t Ono saddle empty. Bang ! another one. Bang bang ? and I bagged two. Well, it was nip and tack with us, and I knew it. If I pent tho eleventh shot without convincing these people, tho twelfth man would kill me, sure. _ ... And so I never did feel so happy as I uiu when my ninth downed its man, and I detected the wavering in the crowd which is premonitory of panic. An instant lost now could knock out luy last ohance. But I didn't lose it. I raised both revolvers and pointed them; the halted host stood their ground just about one good square moment then broko and fled. Tho day was mine. Knight errantry was a doomed institution. The maroh of civilisation was begun. How (lid I feel ? Ah, you never could imagine it. And Brer Merlin? His stock was fiat again. Somehow, every time the magic of fol-de-rol tried conclusions with the magic of science, the magic of fol-dc-rol got left. ' However, it is only fair to the late Merlin to say that he got one more chnnco at tho Yankee — and made exceedingly good iwe of it, too. 