My Lady's Revenge. By E. GARRISON JONES. CHAl'TEil III.—(CONTINUED ) Till tbe beating, throbbing.shuttle All its faithful work bad done. NOVELIST. " That's a good answer, JoBi'e," he replies, " your wits are as bright as your eyes. My business is to cell these baskets; they mast all go by BunBet. I've got one at home for you, though—and 'tis a beauty. May I oome down to-night and bring it, Joeie?" " No, I shall be busy to,-night; oome tomorrow, and we can go to vespers together." " So we can,"/he answered, with another flashing smile. "I'll come ; end as yon won't tell me what brings yon here, I'll say goodday and good-bye." " Goad-bye, Leonard." But be turns back wistfully, his pretty wicker work swaying on his handsome jead. " - " Those are pretty blossoms, Josie," be says, pointing to the violets in her basket. " Would you mind giving me just one ? 1 ' They are not mine—they are for a lady," she answers; but while abe speaks she breaks off a little cluster and extends them to him. " Kiss them first, please," be says, with a Bort of gay audacity, " and they'll keep fresh until to-morrow.. ,: "See," said Josie, cbinldng tlie gold in her hand, ^ "give me the key, and you shall have these." Josie pontp, and torses her black curls, bat alter some little demurring, she places the violets to her rosy mouth, and then putB \- them in bis band. "Now take them, you silly boy, and run away and sell your baskets." Qa touches them with bis own lips, sets them in bis bosom, and hurries down the hot street, with a fragment of song bursting from bis happy young heart. JoBie stands s minute looking afte£him, then she starts off on a run, and never stops till abe reaches the locksmith's door. The old man sits on a littered bench, in the centra of his d^ggy shop, a huge leather apron covering bite from breast to foot, as he tinkers away on some bits of bright steel. HeloOks cp, alertly, from under his bushy brows, as Josie darkens the door. " Ab s my child 1" be says, in a boarse, creaking voice. " I've come for tbe key," said she, advancing a step or two into tha room. He eyes her askauce, with a wicked smile on hie thin old lips. " What if it isn't done ?" he says. "But you promised is should be done; I was to get it this morning!" returns Josie, with rising anger. "So, BO, but I've changed my mind," chuckles the lookemifch. "Bather risky work making keys from wax patterns, for girls like you. What do you want with the key?" " I shan't tell you ; that's my business, not yours I" storms Josie, with blazing black eyes. " You've made tbe key; let me have it at once." " What a plucky little thing we are!" be replies, eying her with admiration. "No common blood shining io eucheyes as them. Ye'll turn out to be a queen's daughter one o'.these days." "No matter what I turn out; givo me the key." The old man shakes bis head. •'I shan't make nothing by (be job," he Bays," and I ain't a-gojDtf to run tbs risk." Josie's heart throbs with a horrible fear of disappointment. To fail now would almost km her, _" Sfo here," she says, oomicg close to his side, " you shall have these for the job." She dives her dimpled, brown hand into ihe pocket of her print frcok, and brings np 4wo chinking pieces ol gold, Her godmother gave her one the day she" was christened, and the other was thrown to her from the carriage of a grand Eogliah lady, when the streetB of Moulins were gay with some great {estiva!. " See," she esys, chinking them in her band," give me the key, and you shall have these." Tbe locksmith lookB at them with greedy eyes. " Gi' 'em here, then," be says, stretching out his skinny band. Give me the key first," retorts Josie, shrewdly. He hobbles across to an old chest, and takeB it from thence. "Here, then," he sayE, putting it in her band, his eyes still devouring the gold " take it." Josie takeB it, but ebe does not relinguisb her money. " Now give me the cake of wax," she jjommandg. The locksmith mutters angrily, but he produces the bit of white wax. She compares the impress with the key, and seems satisfied. § "Now," she continues, slipping both in ber pocket, " promise me to keep your tongue, and I'll promise to keep mine." " 'lis a bargain," assents the looksmith; and she chinks her two golden pieces into bis greedy palm and hurries out. Josie baff reached home and faced bet scolding from the- dame with silent endurance, and received a smart box on ber cheek in the bargain from that busy dame for idling away ber time. But now, at last, the weary Saturday work is -well over, and she gives her glowing face a harried wash, brushes back ber black curls, jumps into - a clean frock, and hurries across tho olive vale in the direction of Mount Chateauroax. She sees the mad folks swarming down the great walk as she reaches the iron gate ; but Jacques is sitting under a tree, smoking hi3 inevitable pipe, and be admits her without delay. With her fragrent violets in her band, she walks slowly on, peering about her with sharp, quick glances. The mad folks flock about her, some singing, some laughing, some bowing with imposing dignity; but nowhere amid tbe motley thropg does she see Beas. She puts ber band in ber packet and holds the little Bbining key tight, with an awful fear at ber beart. What if the poor lady does not oome out to-day. She strolls on till she is quite near the quaint, dismal front of the building, and then she looks up and sees the French mad doctor coming down from the stone terrace, with Bess on his arm. She looks dreadfully white and ill; &nd; almost reels aB she walks; but she spies Josie below, and makes a faint, swift gesture with ber left band. Josie sits down under a huge tree, a little aside from the walk, and waits in fierce impatience. They oome down from the terrace, and walk slowly out into the grounds, and presently the doctor leads bis patient to a seat. He is a small, wiry man, with a face that reminds one of a ferret, and while poor Bees leans back in tbe rustic seat and puts her thin hands to her white face, he walks up and down, with hiB hands behind him, and his small, gleaming eyes looking in all directions, as it seems, in the same moment. Josie waits till she can endure the delay no longer. Then she gets up, and with her violets in ber band, goeB straight across to the spot where the mad doctor stands. He knows her for tbe keeper's daughter, and nods at ber in quite a friendly fashion. "Please, Dr. Iienoir," says Josie, looking straight into his face with her bright, fearlees eyeB, " may I go and give that poor sick lady over yonder these violets?" He looks at her hard, but ber eyes do not falter. Then he reaches forth, and taking the violets from her band, examines them closely. They contain no dangerous letters, no sharp instruments, no false keys or burglar's tools; so he nods bis assent, ana Josie takes them, and hurries away to ths poor lady's side. " I've brought you some more violets,"she says, sitting down Beside her, and putting the flowers in her hand. Bess looks up, her poor, wistful eyes pitiful to see, her faceas white as death. " Heaven bless you 1' she falters. Thsn her voice fails, and with a choking sob she drops ber face down upon the fragrant blossoms. Josie oafohesher arm, and gives it a sharp pinch. " Try to be calm," she whispers; "the mad doctor is looking. Try not to betray youisa'f." " I am ill—I thought I was dying last night—but I can't die; and I shall never get away from this horrible place moans poor Bere, in a childish way. . Josie looks at her, with fierce impatience in ber blaok eyes. " Why, what a W6ak crcatcre you are I" she says, contemptuously. " You'll rui-n all if yoa go on in this way. I tell you the mad doctor is watching us. Can't you hold np your head, and stop crying 1 Here, talk about something. See these leaves'; let's make a wreath of tbem." She gathers a handful of leaves from the nearesrbranob, and begins to assort them, and poor Bess, commanding berself by a great effort, makes a feeble show of interest. Meanwhile the mad doctor walks up and down, his slender, nervous hands behind bisbaok, bis keen eyes taking note of everything around bim. But he detects no signs of treachery, and at last he strolls away to another part of the grounds, and -Bess and her young companion were left to themselves. " I've got the key," says Josie, in her ourt, decided way, " and yoa ore to unlock your celland try to get out into the grounds after midnight. I ehail be here "— But she stops short, for Bses, utterly overcome by the near proepect of liberty, utters a* faint gasp, and reels back into ber seat. Josie's anger flames up. The girl, young as she is, is so wondrously developed, so strong, so fearless, so enduring, that she has little pity or patience for mere feminine weakness. "Now faint if you like," she says, scornfully, and I'll go home and leave yoa. If you're sot strong enough to gain your liberty, you don't deserve to have it." She turns on her heel, and walks down the avenue in the direction of the gates, Bess sits stunned an instant. Then comprehending what has happened, she leaps up and darts after her. "Oh, for mercy's sake," she implores, catching bold of the girl's arm," don't leave me I" Josie turns baok on the instant, ana the tears rise in her eyes at the sight of the piteous, so&ering; face. V You must be calm and strong, then," she says; "you'll betray yourself if you don't. Now, look at me. You won't faint or ecream, will you ?" " No, indeed; I'm stroDg now," cries Bees, making a piteous effort to steady her shaking limbs. " Then here's the key," continues Josie, bringing it up from the depths of her pocket, and slipping it into BesB's band. Hold it fast, and be sure you don't let it be seen. Now walk along, and listen to what I tell you." Bess bides the shining key in her bosom, just above her poor, throbbing beart, and walks along by her young friend's side, with the meek obedience of a child. " You are to mako the attempt to-night," resumed Josie, walking, and pretending io gather leaves for her garland, " after you hear the midnight bell strike—say an hour after—because papa goes on duty at midnight, and ho will help us, I think. Bat you must watch for a good time, when everyone is still, and unlock your ceil door and slip cut. The key always stays in the big-door st the cad of the long corridor, and you must unlock that, and pet out as silently as you can. I'll be at the foot of the eastern turret, under the ivy, to meet you. Now, do you think you can be quiet, and go through with it?" •'Yes, I'd do anything to get out of this place." " Well, there ocmes papa, and it is bis hour to go home. Good-bye!" She holds out ber dimpled brown band, and BeES clasps it and covers it with kisses. " Heaven will reward you!" she falttrs. But Josie sees tbe mad doctor coming up again, and hurries away. CHAPTER XIV. THE ESCAPE. "I should like to linow what's come over -that girl 1 Look at ber, Jacques ! This is tbe third time she's bounced up from tue table to rnn to the winner and stare out. And it comes cl her gaddin' up to that old madhouse so much. I tell yt, Jacques, that's what ails ber, and nothin' else, and a stop must be put to it." Dame FerriB delivered this rather indignant outburst as she sat at sppper with ber buBband, on tbe self-same afternoon upon which our last chapter closes. " Hash, dame," responded stolid Jacques, helping himself to another bowl of poxridge;" don't let youi tongue run away with your wits. What barm cac some of tbe lass walking under the trees at Mount Chateau - roux ; crazy bain't a catchin' disease, as ever I've beard. If 'twas, ray witB would ha' been gone long ago, I'm a thinkin'." Just then Josie draws in ber curly head, and turns to her father, with flushed chaeka and eyes all a-g!£tter. ! "Oh, for mercy's sake,' implores Bess, catching hold of the girl's arm, " don't leave me '." *'Pap3," she says, " I see. the carriage from Nivernois Court coming down the lane." " Well, little one, 'tain't likely it's coming here," replies Jacques. " We don't have visitors from Nivernois Court." " Sit down and cat that bowl of porridge," commands the dame, severely. Josie is an obedient girl, and she loves this stern, sensible "dame," so she begins to eat her porridge with that vigor of will which is ber great characteristic. But the clatter of boofs and wheels in the yard very soon puts an end to the frugal evening meal. Jacques starts np from the table and runs to the door, followed by his wife, but Josie bangs back, with an esger look in ber eyes, and a vivid bloom on her round cheeks. It is the carriage from Nivernois Court,and amii tbe silken cushions sits Lord St. Aubyn himself. He leans out and looks inquiringly about, and bis eyes catch sight of Josie, who bas approached the window. She nods and makes a swift and silent gesture. " Now, my .good friend," speaks out tbe marquis, assured by ber gesture that all is right, and addressing Jacques, who stands bareheaded and astonished before him, " can you give me your attention for a few minutes 1 If you can, I think I have something to suggest thatmay prove a benefit to us both." "lam at your, service, my lord," replies Jaoques. " Can't you ask bis lordship to get down, and walk in ?" cries the dame, reprovingly. " I suppose I might. My lord, will you get down and come in ?" No," replies bis lordship, blandly. " You just step up here and take a seit beside me, and we'll drive out towards Mount Chateauroux, and you shall bear what I have to say on the way." JacquesJeaps up, and is soon seated upon the silken cushions, in rather a dnbicu6 manner, -and the grand carriage, with its blooded bays, rolls slowly away. The dame shades her eyes with ber hand and looks curiously after it. Now what does his lordship want, I'd like to kuow?" she mntierB. "And ten to one Jaoques won't let a word out when he comes borne, be is so clo3e-raout|;cd." Josie watches the handsome equipsge, too, and when it disappears, vuns into trie bouse, with a flushed fece, and begins to gather up ths Bupper dishes in an eager and excited manner, that confirms the dauie in ber idea that *'orazy" is a catching malady. Meantime the Nivernois carriage nears tbe ' great iron gates of the madhouse, and Lord St. Aubyn gazes ont towards the grim tur-; rets with a strange thrill, half horror, half blisslul expectation, at bis beart. Can it be ' true that tbe little girl that be loved, as he shall never love another living woman, languished a prisoner in that borrible place? It must bs ail a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done Euch a heartless deed. But be must go on—he must Bee the end of it. He turns to tbe wondering peasant at his Bide. "Now, my man, to come to the point at once, would you like to change your occupation?" "Yes, my lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, unhesitatingly. His lordship nods approvingly. " Well, I want a head groom at Nivernois Court, You understand about horEcs? Very well, whatever your pay is, I'll doable it. Will that do?" Jacques looks cp, amazed. " My lord, you are very kind—" " No," interrupts St. Aubyn, " I want you to do me a favor, and, this is one of my inducements. Here is another." He takes from bis pocket a green silk purse, filled to the clasp with glittering gold, and puts ii in the keeper's hands. Now," he says, before the man bas bad time to speak, " I'll name my favor, my good follow. I've a frknd up there"— pointing towards the dark turrets of the n--a.dhoF.se—" a dear friend. She's a delicate, tender girl"—bis voice shaking—"and she was pledged to be my wife. They told me she died, and for two years I've mourned for her. To-day I find she's in there—not mad, mind you, but a prisoner, buried alive." He stcpB and wipes the great drops from bis ashen brow, while Jacques stares at bim in wonder. " Now," continues St. Aubyn, " I might demand ber—force them to give her up to me; but that takes time, you see, and would cause trouble and delay. AH this I must avoid, and I must have ber out this night. Will you help me 7" " What can I do ?" inquires Jacques, helplessly. " Let tbe gate remain open to-night, only for a short time, and shut your eyes and ears to all you see and bear. The rest will be managed by others. So take the gold, and keep it for a marriage- portion for your pretty, black-eyed daughter. You'll do it—a deed of mercy?" Jacques muses a moment, bis eyes on tbe plethoric purse, his brain busy with Josie's future; then be Iook6 up, and answers etoutly: " Yes, my lord, I'll do it." " Spoken like a man ! And when do yon oome to live at Nivernois Court ?" " The first of the month, my lord." "Very well. Drive me back, now, Edwards." The carriage rolls back the way it came, and Jaoques gets out at bis own door. " For mercy's sake, husband, what did his lordship want ?" crieB the dame the instant be enters the bouse. "Nothing," responds Jacques, quietly, " only we're going to Nivernois Court the first of the month." "To live?" excitedly shrieks tbe amazed woman. Jacques only nods; but JoBie can reai biB face like a book, and she sees that all is right. A great, boarse betl, in one of tbe grim turrets of Mount Cbateauroux, tolls for midnight-. Silence as of the grave reigns within and around the queer old place, A solitary sectinel pacts up and i!o\vn the long corridor that faces the tnaiess lies of cells, but the doors sra all so strongly and so securely locked, and the inmates have been so admirably trained under tbe rule of Dr. Lsnoir, that no outbreak or attempt to escape is antioipatc?, acd it is no unusual thing for tbe guard of the hour to slumber at his post, leaning against one of the huge stonepillare, or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the end of the carridor. The guard dozes now, sitting in the chair,: with hie feet elevated high above his head t and a long-stemmed pipe in his mouth—i. dozes and puffs away again at intervals, taking all tbe comfort to himself that his' situation afiorde. His trained ear can oatcb the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning be would be up and in pursuit of any poor soul who should be foolhardy enough to attempt an In ber cell down below, on her kneels,-iv the dead, bot <?trkness, with the liJitW shining key clasped iu her thin white taandfi, poor Bess waits and watches. .; . She has heard the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout nun counting her bfedsi she kneels there trying to oount tbo laggatd moments as they pass. In an hour's fidie, as cearlv as she can tell, she must "make the attempt. She knows too well, if Bhe shculd fail, no other chance will ever ccrne to ber; and she lifts her wan face in tbe darkness, and asks God to help ber, as a helpless little child might ask an earthly father; < Ob, to breathe the free, pare air once morv; to be away from all theee poor, witless fares; to get out into the world, and make lex way back to the old cantonment, and/to Itedmond Carew! That is her dream, as shi kneels there; that has been her dream forbver two long years. Strangely enocgb, all the yearniig other imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithful love of her girlhood. : Shi scarcely ever thinks of the man who held ber later promise to become bis wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have been lost to lir with all that brief, feverish life she lot at Mount Storm House, and she bas no wisito reclaim bim, her old life and ber earliest love fill her soul BO completely. / , She rises to her feet in the ale tan, silent darkness, and groping with herhande, after some little trouble she inserts foe key in tbe lock. It fits; she turns it witk'a Sow, noiseless motion, and ber prison d»or is open. For one short instant she. Stands: gasping for breath, a dull, roaring soma iirber ears, a tremor in ber limbs. But she remembers Josie and Josie's warning, aid her strength returns to her as suddenly ar it went. She t&kes; the key from the loik, slips out, and closing the cell door, sbe Iffiks it from tbe outBide, removes the key, ihd hides it in ber bosom. ! • Then sbe starts down the long, black corridor with a etep lite pe wind. A dim light glimmers at tbe farjticC revealing the double line of cells, and ,£he guard dozing and smoking in the old <nair. She fLts along like a shadow, end has almost reached the far en|, ! her-heart throbbing violently as sbenetrs the guard, when all at once the flap overbne of the cell windows flies up, and a wild, woeful face peers out, the 2ace of a macia* woman. Her. bloodshot eyes glare out inte tbe semi- gloom, and light on Besses she fiesalong,and then a wild shriek rings cut uponthe silence. " There she goes I 'Cfitohber—<c&tcb; ber! There goes tbe pale-fs*ed ghost 1" The guard is onhiafeet in an instant, and dashing down towards the cell. Half a dozen keepers, roused by. the unusual outcry, start up in different directfonB and hurry to tbe spot; and poor Bss?, more' dead than alive, tatters on till che retches the old chair, and then, with tho instinct of a wild creature brought to bay, she crouches down behind it. CHAPTER XV, A SUDDEN VEDIIFFIG. The guards acd keepirs bustle about.from cell to cdl, and the maniac woman still shrieks at them toicatoh tbe pale-faced, ghost. j But there is no gbostlo be Been, and tbey find tha cell doors all locked and quiet, and after a little more parading and a few oaths at the maniac, they diqitrse and return to their former quarters. iThe keepers drop down and are soon sounl asleep again, but tbe guard walks up and down and smokes, passing and repassing poor Bess croucbiugin her hiding place. .' ' ) Sheciaspeher hands and. prays that she may die, rather than be 1 consigned to ber dreary cell again, and while sbo prays the guard vaniBbes. He be&unks; himself that there is some brandy on a table in tha reception room above, and feeling unusually thirBty and sluggish, he rum up to refresh himself. Bess bears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless BtepB, and Bhe standB before the great outer door, and, aB Josie Baid, the huge key is in the lock. She Beizes tbe key with both bands. It turns in the lock with a rasping sound, and tbe door swings open. She dartB out, leaving it wide open behind her, ilies along the subterranean court, up the* steps, and ber feet touch the cool, green grass. The silent summer skies are above her—the cool, damp winds fan ber bot brow. As she stands dazed with, tbe blissful faucy that she is free, a figure dBrts out fromthe ivy gloom, and a firm hand grasps her arm. "Here you are at last," whispers Josie's voice. "Come—quick 1" She hurries ber out towards tbe main gate, which they find standing slightly ajar. " Come," urges Josie; and sbe drags ber half-fainting companion through, and out into the narrow path that leads down tbe steep. - They are scarcely out when a figure rises silently from tbe roots of a buge tree, and in a twinking the gate is looked, and Jacques "Here you are at iast," whispers Josie. "Come— quick!" plodB up and down tbe gravel, puffing away at bis pipe, as stolid and impenetrable as tbe desert Ephinx. Meanwhile Josie puts her dimpled fist to her red moutb, and utters a faint whistle like the cry of a bird, stili holding her companion's arm. Svrif; as thought another figure shoots up from amid the olive growth—a tall, imposing figure this time. He leaps up the crag, and reaches Josie's side. " BeES," he gasps—"BeEa, my darling, is it you ?" Bess lifts ber wan, white face, and the moon shines through a lift in the low-lying clouds and falls full upon it. St. Aubyn sees it, recognises it in a breath, and catches her in bis arms with a low. passionate cry. But sbe struggles, to free herself , a etrange expression in ber wistful ejes. 'fob, let me go. Lard St. Aubyn," she mcrimirs. in a broken, piteous vuioe, " I had eg thought of seeing you. I—I hoped it was Ridmoud.'" J3t. Aubyn does net comprehend ber -{filtering words, and holds her fast, ail has old, mad, short-lived love blazing up afresh. /" Sensible, matter-of-fact Joeie, however, puts an end to his little love scene with great coolness. \- " My lord," she e»ys, touching bis aim, and pointing with a nod of her curly bead i towards the madhouse, on the upper terrace I of which unusual lights are gleaming, V Look there I In a few minutes the keepers ^rill be in pursuit of us. Don't you think jwe had better escape while we can ?" j "Yes, yes; what a fool lam !" cries St. Aubyn; and taking Bess in bis strong arms, as be caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down the steep at a headlong pace. It is characteristic of tbe man that he ^should.forget Josie and Iose ,6ight of ber danger; be never cared for any earthly thing save his own self-gratification. And, at this moment it pleases and charms him' to have Bess restored to- bim in this romantic and marvellous fashion. So be dashes down, clasping her closely, utterly unmindful whether the child behind him breaks ber neck or not. It might have been j aa well for my lord, the Marquis of St. Aubyn, if ebe bad, taking after events into ] consideration; but there was little fear of such a catastrophe. Josie's foot was as fleet, and sure as the foot of a monntain chamois, and she descended the dangerous path, and was at the door of the carriage, which stood in the valley below, quite as Boon as my lord himself. He sprang in, still olasping Bess in bis arms, and then, turning to speak to the driver, be saw tbe girl to whose wondrous courage and skill be was indebted for bis great bappineES. "Ah, 1 had quite forgotten," be said. " Oome, my brave little girl, jump in." Josie's fearless eyes had something very near akin to contempt in tL'ir shining depths, as sbe looked up at the handsome nobleman. " No, my lord," she said, quietly, " I am going home." But Bess struggled up and put out ber white face. Please—ob, please don't leave me 1" ebe entreated. "Hush 1" interposed St. Aubyn, before JoBie could answer; " yon may rest now, my darling, and go with me. Sbe Bball come to you to-morrow. Come to Nivernois to-morrow, my girl—do you bear?" Josie nodded, and the carriage dashed off down tbe river-road, while the girl pursued ber way across the grove to the little cottage on the suburbs of Moulins. Tbe bot, cloudy nigbt is ended, and over the hills the Sabbath morning dawh3. A bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff breeze ruffling the river, and drifting tbe fleecy clouds across the dazzling river. In the white boudoir at Nivernois Court, on a white velvet couch, all starred and fringed with silver, Bess lies. Her toilet has just been made, in obedionce to my lord's order, and Felice, the Frenoh maid, has found that wondrons becoming wrapper of white and blue silk somewhere amid the many treasures of Nivernois, and clothed Bess's willowy figure in it. , There she lies, fair as a snow- drop, passive as a babe, a great wistful tenderness in her brown eyes; Mrs. Heath, the housekeeper, appears with a dainty brealcfast on a silver tray, and insists that the young lady must eat; and BSBS rises obediently, and tries to eat the broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to dabke'her* Then she lies down sgajn, she feels EO tired and weak, and listens, in a languid way, to tbe Sabbath bells chiming in Moulins, wondering what tbe poor .creatures i at Mount Chateauroux -are doing—silent tears of gratitude trickling down her cheeks meanwhile. She is free, but yet there is a look of regret in ber sweet, meek eyes. Sbe bears the bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian life; sbe thinks of ber father, and her tears flow faster. "Ab." sbe murmurs, despairingly, "if I could have gone to Ifcdmond 1 Ob, poor Rsdmond 1—shall I never see him again ?" A quick, buoyant step rings upon the marble tiles- without, and there 1B a sharp, impatient rap at tbe door. "Come in," says BBBB, languidly, and St. Aubyn enters. Be reaches the oouch at a bound, and has the little, passive figure in bis arms. "My poor little dove, my prccious little Bees]" behalf sobe, dropping bot kisses on her trembling mouth and whiie checks. "Ob, to think bow I have believed you dead and buried, and how I have mourned ior you 1 Oh, BeBs, Bess, if you had come to me from your coffin, it oould not seeia stranger. I am so b&ppy.; Child, ^bat makee you tremble ? Arc you afraid t Why, sweet^ no harm can reach you here. You are mint— mine to love and cherish forever. Bess, look at me; let me see your sweet eyes; and tell me if you are glad to get back to me again.i" Bess looks up, and meets his mesmeric gaze, and a faint flush rises in her waxen cheeks. His eyeB have lost none of their old dangerous power. " Yes," she falters," I am glad." " And you will do precisely as I wish you, dearest continues St. Aubyn. " YeB, my lord." He breaks into a gay laugh, and covers ber face with caresses, " Then, you demure little nun," he cries, exultantly, "in an hour from now you shall say, not my lord, but my busband. See here, Bess, this is your wedding ring, till— till—well" he stammers and falters, remembering that Lady Cassandra now wears the old St. Aubyn opal, in token of ber engagement to himself—" till I can get the old opal you once wore. It shall be yours yet; bat this will do now, in its stead. There i$ a priest all ready in the bouse, and we will go before tbe old Nivernois altar, and be made man and wife, and then, my own love, no earthly power shall part UB. Shall it not be so?" A faint sob escapee ber, and sbe looks up at bim with entreating eyes. " Ob, my lord," he falters, " you are good and kind, but it must not be—it cannot be. Don't yoa know that she loves you ?—Lady Cassandra, I mean ? Don't yon know that she parted us, and put me in that dreadful place, because—because she could not bear to see me your wife ?" "Yes, I know," St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veins starting out on bis white brow. " There is no need to remind me of all tbe wrong you bave suSered at that wicked, heartless woman's hands. But the hands ol vengeance is now at baud. Lady Cassandra's pride Bball be bumbled in the duBt beneath your feet, my darling. £ Bball do it, though she were a hundred times my cousin." Bcs? starts up, hex face white with pain and terror. " Oh, my lord," she gasps," don't say such terrible things! Tbe past is done with now, and I am free. If I can forgive her, surely you can." "No, Bess, I" cannot forgive her. I shall band ber over to be dealt with by tbe law." "My lord, for shame," cried Bess, with flashing eyes, "and she a woman sprang from tbe same race ! Sbe was forced into doing what she did by your neglect and infidelity. Sbe loved you, my lord, and looked upon you as her promised husband. You should never bave deserted her for me.'' " Bess I" exclaims his lordship. " It is the truth, my lord. But it is too late even now to undo all this wrong. You must go back to her, my lord, and bs true to her, and tell ber that I freely forgive her." "And you, Bess, my d—iing?" queries St. Aubyn, with an amused smile on hiB -lip.—(To be continued.) 