JJiteratee. THE €RMT MILL-STREET MYSTERY. Br ADELINE SERGEANT, Aulbor of 'Jacobi's Wife,' 'Roy'B 'itopen- tanee.' 'Deveril'a Diamond,' 'Under Falee Pretences,' &a.; 'Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] PART L— VENGEANCE. Chapter XXV. — The Emjty House. Jbbb vent back to nee nome in isuck 4breet with fainting heart and streaming eyee. Why was George so unkind to bee? How was it that he did not believe liex word 9 And was 16 possible that he would not listen to her story, chit he «ould not come to meet her again or take Jber home ? For as soon as she spoke to Urn ehe forgot all her soroples, and only wanted to be loved and caressed as she «ued to be. Stephen and his warnings trent completely oat of her mind. Stie was conscious of nothing bat her love for George Eastwood, her lover, her husband, Che father of her child. She took Meenle Into her arms and lay on her bed, Bobbing, far Into the night. Alice was away from home, and. no one therefore interrupted her. She wept «ntil the baby cried too, and then she quieted herself a little, and finally fell asleep without undressing, and with lleenWa soft cheek pressed against her own. Daylight brought her no comfort. She thought over all that George had said, and could see no way of letting htm know the truth. For Stephen or AUoe Drew, or Dick, alone could justify her ; and ?tone of these would be willing to plead with George for her. She thought at one time of throwing herself on Alice's mercy smd begging her to tell him how It came «bout that she had been detained against her will ; bat the thought of facing Alice's incredulous scorn turned her hot and cold with shame, and the was obliged, though very reluctantly, to give up the Idea. Besides, she aaid to herself, she had promised not to say that she was George : Bast wood's wife until he gave her leave to spesk, and he had not yet given her leave. In fact, George Eastwood and Jess were playing a game of cross-purposes. If Sastwood had boldly avowed that he was married to J«ss and had sought for her as Us wife, even Stephen Eyre would have been obliged to give her up to him. Bab, being in the first place somewhat ashamed of his 'low' marriage, and In the second fully convinced that Jess had left him and betrayed him, he was unwilling to let the world know that he had been, as he ex pressed it, 'such a fool,' and therefore held his tongue. While Jess, afraid to «tand up for herself, and not at all com prehending the binding nature of the -Short ceremony In a registrar's office, kept «Uence even when she was out of Stephen's dutches, and only wept quietly at finding herself, aa she believed, deserted and i-etrayed. But as the day wore on a little courage returned to her. Berbaps after all, he would return. She had implored him to come back to the same place at the same forar, and perhaps his heart would grow softer to her and he would come. He ?had said that he would take her away. She did sot know whither he meant to ?take her, but she had a fond foolish hope that hi might take her back to the pretty little house in Maida Yale, or perhaps to fail home In the country, where the fine people lived who had spoken to her ao graciously in the picture gallery on that last ill-fated day of her life with George. That George himself should despise her and think badly of her was almost In credible to Jess. She was sure that If she .could talk to him quietly for five minutes he would believe her. So, la the course of the day, she began to make a few stealthy preparations for departure. She put some of the baby's clothes Into a bundle round whloh she tied a shawl of her own. She did not think it worth while to pack up her own things. George would buy new ones for her she supposed. And when Alice was out that evening— for ehe was again going to spend the nl?ht at the bedside of an old woman who was HI— she would steal away to Mill street, with Meenle In her arms, and the sordid .pinched life would be over, never, never to come back 1 And -nobody should sepa rate her from her husband any more, Alas, poor Jess I During the night snow had fallen, and during the day it again fell pretty steadily. There was a sharp north wind and the frost was hard and keen. Jess looked .anxiously at her baby as night drew on, for 4he child was wheezing and coughing as ffw had caught cold. Dared she take It out with her Into the night ? She might «any to a little way, bat she did not like to stand about exposing Its tender frame to the Utter wind, for she was more thoughtful for her child's welfare than stoat women of her class. And yet she wanted George to see Meenle when he came—If he came. What could she do ? Suddenly ahe remembered Blade Sal's words. There was that empty house dose at hand. She would make up a little bed for Meenle In one the lower rooms ; she ?eould leave her there for a little while, so long as ahe was watching for George. In deed, she could seat herself just Inside the door and would then heather If ahe cried. Meenle'a bed could be placed on the pas sage floor, and then Jess could speak to lieff if necessary, ani watch for George at 4be tame moment of time. Of course she was liable to be spied by a passing police «nan and ejected without oeremony ; but poUosmen were few and far between in that region, smd they one and all -avoided Mill-street and Baldwin a-ooart aa much as possible. It was about nine o'clock, therefore! 4hab Jess, having made her small prepara tions, took Meenie In her arms and eallled forth. - She left Book-street without a sigh. If she were ?uceessful In her quest It was possible that she might never see It again, mw again behold Alioe who had really tried to be a true friend to her, or Stephen who had loved her from her childhood ; but all that ahe was conscious of was a ?fflstinct joy and relief at the thought) of ^oape from her gaolers and af ervent hops \- . that she might never cater the room again. i - 3M»e crept onobsetvod into the empty house In Mill-street and established her* self just inside the door, when through the crack she oould watch the passers-by with* out being herself perceived. The wind howled through the passages and down the stairs of the old deserted house. The boards of -ttie rooms creaked as If people were walking over them, the doors and the window frames rattled as If they were shaken by Invisible hands Shrill shrieks and whistles came down the chimneys and through the key-holes : Jess, listening fearfully to the weird tonne's, thought of some old ghost tales that she hsd heaid, and shivered more fiom fear than from cold as the wind swept by. The enow tell obliquely with a «cf t occasional swish against the window panes, tome of which were broken and stuffed with straw or rags. The noise of the London atree-s wsb already becoming deadened by the snow, and few persona were to be seen passiug alung the thickly covered pavements. Jeas* watched and wai'ed for half aa - hour with her baby on her lap Is. was about half -past nine when ahe saw the figure of a man whom ahe recognised coming down the street Her heart gave a sodden leap and then b*g«n to throb painfully and fast For It was George Indeed, George who had come to meet her, as she had begged him to do. She placed Iff eenle gently on the shawl that she had spread for her on the floor, and slipped cut into the street. *' George,' she said, « I am here.' Eastwood turned and looked at her. She had thrown off her bonnet and her shawl was wrapped round Meenle, so that her fair face and golden locks had no dis guise. The snow that fell against her cold cheeks only touched them to a live Her red, The lamplight shone in her up lifted' e-es. George Eastwood wondered with a dull sense of bewilderment whether she had ever looked so beautiful before. ' Yes,' he said, trying to speak coldly, ' I have come, and I have something to say to you.' She had held ont her hands to him, they now fell to her side. The light died out of her eyes. 'I cannot say It here,' he went on harshly. ' Have you no place of your own that you can take me to ? There is some thing I must say.' ' We can come Inside this house,' said Jets timidly. 'It is empty, I — have something to say to — something to show you.' 'Come In then,' said Eastwood. 'Oat of this cold wind.' She opened the door and he felt rather than saw that she was groping for some* thing in the dark. 'What Is It?'1 he asked, following her. ' Nothing— at least I'll show you,' said Jess, catching her breath a little. ' Shut the door.' Be hesitated for a moment. The thought occurred to him that he was perhaps In a trap — that Jess — poor Jess 2— was perhaps in league with a gang of thieves who meant, to strip him of all the worldly wealth npon him at the time. It showed bow little he knew of Jess's real nature that such a notion should ever cross his mind. 'There's nobody In the house. You needn't mind coming In,' said Jess. She led the way into the back room — a room In which she had found that some sort of a blind had been left In tatters across the window. The shade it gave was scanty, but better than nothing at all. She had a candle with her— It was one of the things she had provided In careful thought of such a moment as this. And as George groped his way after she efcraok a light and turned to him with the child In her arms. 'I called herGeorgina — after yoa,' she said simply. George started baok a little ; he looked at her and then at the sleeping child. 'Id's our little girl,' Jess went on In her soft voice. '1 tbonght you didn't know. She's been a very delicate baby, but she's a dear little thing. I chink you would love her, George, U you saw her sometimes. 'I never knew— I never thought ? ' George began, but he looked too dismayed to go on. So Jess proceeded without waiting for the end of his sentence. ' She's more than a year old now — s year and half. She was born the summer before last, In June. I think 1 should have died before now if It hadn't been for baby — what with losing you and not being able to get away. Bat I'm glad I didn't now.' 'Losing me? What do yon mean?' eald George in a low voice. *' You never came to look for me,' Jess answered, her lovely eyes filling with tears as she looked Innocently into George's darkening face. 'I thought you would be sure to find me and get me out.' *' Do you mean to say that you oould not get out ? That you could not get back to me If you had chosen ?' 'Of course I do. Don't you know,' eald Jess vehemently, ' how I love you, George ?' He was silent. He looked aghast. ** Don't you know that I would die for jou ! That I love you better than all the world 1' 'Jess, Jess! If I could but believe It, my poor child !' 'But why shouldn't you believe It, George!' ' Why did you ever leave me 1' ' I never left you on purpose, George. I came to see granny, and Stephen Eyre took me In a trap, as it were, and kept me dose in granny's room with Alice Drew, a girl that works In the alums. They said I had been wicked and must be brought to a sense of my evil ways. And not till I said that I would give you up would they let me go out even into the streebs. And when you never came — and my Meenle was born— I gave in. I said I would not try to see you any more. I said that I would do as they did, and pray and lead a good life. And then— little by little— they left off watching me, and so I have been able to get out by myself lately. And that's how I came to see you last night.' ' And what do you do for a living ?' ' I sew sacks,' aald Jess. ' And Alice sews too, but Ib's very hard to get a living. I began to think that you were dead.' ' Jess, Jess, Is all this true ?' ' Yes, Indeed It is, George. You can ask Alice If it Isn't ! She's very good and very respectable, and everybody believes her. Indeed, George, I would not have come away from you ; only — only,' said Jess plteously, ' they made me think that I was doing wrong.' 'And were they. not doing wrong, then, to keep a wife from her husband ?' exclaimed George fiercely. He oould not look at Jess and think that she was telling lies. «'iml Indeed your wife, George ?' said the girl trembling. ' Of course you are. You know you are. Did you not tell them that ?' ' Oh, George,' said she bursting Into tears, 'yon know yoa told me not to say.' He uttered an Imprecation at his own folly and then turned and took her Into his arms. ?'My darling,' he said. 'My own poor ill-used darling! My wife 1— God may part us again Jess, but men never shall !' She ceetled In his arms, happy yet afraid. 'Is It true?' she murmured. ' They took away my ring from me, and they sent you a message that I never gave, George ? ' ' And 1 believed Ib, fool that I was 1' 'And they cut off all my hair and locked me in a room with granny, so that I eould sever get out. And granny told me — bat that will take a long time to tell, eo I won't begin joat now, fur we ehall have plenty of time, shall we not* if I mm teallj — really your wife, George ?' ' My darling, how could yoa make any mfftakeabootlt?' 'It Haiti's In a church,' said Jaia dft^mlly, 'and 1 was not quite sure wbet&sr; it was the same thing. And £ could not ask — because I had promised not. And when you never came— — 'My sweetest, oon'c reproach me! I oould not come. I was ill for many weeks. I thought you had deserted me, and It nearly killed me to think it. Yoa are sure you love me, Jess ? Sbe had the child upon the floor agitn and her arms were free ; bob pat them round his neck and kissed him ; and he was satisfied. 'I moat punish this man Stephen Eyre,' he said presently. ' 1 masti fiud a way of making him repent the wicked cruelty he has shown to you He shall suffer for it — 1 swear he shall ' ' Leave him alone, George dear,' ahe urged. *' If we are happy we can affud to let him alone. Els will noc haca an again.' 'If yon love me is it possible that you can make exaasee for hUn, -J«ss?' Bald her husband, with a touch of sternness in bis tone. ** No, he must -be punished, and we must punish him;.' * r 'I am afraid,' Jess said, AlmoBb la a whisper. r ' ' 'Afraid, my wife ; of what ?' ' 1 am afraid that he will try to hard jou. I am afraid of htm. He is very hard and cruel in some ways, although he's such a religious man. He will try to pay yon back If you make him eoffdr — I know tbat,' and Jees shivered as if she could not bear to remember what had happened in the past. ' I shall always be near you to protect you dow,' said George in a low voice. *' And we must forget the past and try to live more closely together, to love each other more — oh, my darling, what injustice I have been doing yon. But now let us think what we are to do next. You mast come away from this wretched place, I most get you to a warm comfortable house, you acd the child — my o *n little girl whom I have not eeen properly yet. Gome, d*r llDg, shall we go V She smiled at him— the sweet, happy smile that he remembered so well in days gone by. Then an anxious look came over her face, for the wind had rlaen and was howling In the chimneys and round the empty rooms ; and when they looked ont they saw that the snow was omtog down in great flakeB that made the air look thick and white. It was a terrible etorm and one long remembered In the metropolis. And certainly It seemed mad to venture out Into a such a tempest at eleven o'clock at night. They were In Wbitechapel ; In all probability no cab could be obtained until thay had tramped a long and weary way. Jess would not have minded for herself, but she looked at her child and hesitated to brave the storm. ' Oh, George, I daren't take her out,' ebe Bald plteously. ' Bot yoa mast nob stay. I'll stop here, and you can go home acd come for me in the morning, ' ' And leave you alone ? No, that will never do. If you stay I stay too.' Jees protested, but in vain. Eastwood was resolved not to leave her now. No, he would stay with her all through the long cold night In the dreary deserted house, and even in that abode of desola tion be felt a glow of happiness such as he had not known for many a long day. All his doubts of Jess were swept away In a fall tide of love and happiness, and the future unrolled itself beluss him in every rainbow hue. They made a sorb of encampment for themselves in one of the rooms on the second floor, and in spite of Jess remon strances George tore down the rotten wood of doors and cupboards to make a fire la the rusty grate. With his coat and ulster be wrapped up Jess and the child as warmly as possible, and then for some time they sat by the glowing blaze mar taming soft words at»d planning the happiness that was to come. Lulled by her caresses and soothed by the waraith George at least dropped off to sleep, and Jess after a little struggle to keep awake followed his example. She was awakened by strange moans and Incoherent words. Both came from George, who seemed, however, to be wide awake. She spoke to him but received no answer ; she called him by name bu-i he did not seem to hear. The Insidious ail ment that, bad undermined his strength so long had again attacked him this time with violence ; and George Eastwood lay dellricus with fever in the deserted house In Mill-street while the terrible snowstorm raged in the streets of London tewn. Chapter XXVI.— Fob Life Ob, Death, Jess was in despair. She did net un derstand what was the matter with him, and had no idea of the proper course to pursue. The fact was that Eastwood had caught a severe cold and was exceedingly feverish; and the old predisposition to brain disturbance, initiated by Stephen's blow on the head, rendered such an attack particularly violent and alarming. Woen morning dawned he was not much better-— the raving fit passed off, but was succeeded by stnpor and drowsiness —she could nob arouse him, and did not know In the least what to do. In ordinary circumstances she would have gone to Alice or even to Steve for assistance ; but she dared not reveal to either of them that she was reconciled to George. Even the knowledge that they had been mistaken and that she was George'o lawful, wedded wife did not re assure her. She did not think that they would believe her mere statement ; and if George were In no poaltion to protect her ahe fancied that they could easily separate her from him once again. Stephen was utterly unscrupulous, as she knew, where his passions were aroused, although he had once more ' joined the army' and taken to preaching in the streets. She dared not appeal to him. In her extremity she bethought herself of Black Sal and of the lodging-house next door. Sal perhaps would help her. Sal might perhaps go to Back-street for her and fetch some clothing and some food ; for Meenle was already crying for her breakfast and Jess had nothing to give her. She looked round the room in which they had spent the night and re cognised it aa one which Sal 'had pre viously described to her ; for there was a door on one side, which when opened, discovered a short flight of steps leading to a trapdoor whloh gave upon the roof, and from the roof a similar door into the next house eould easily be reached Jess left her husband and child and went upon this adventurous expedlblan. She found it quite simple. Nobody ex pressed any surprise or displeasure at her appearance, even when she blundered casually Into a large attic tenanted by at least a dozen people, most of whom were asleep upon the floor ; and when she men tioned timidly that she wanted Sal — Black Sal — two or three voices made answer that Sal had been there that nlghb, but that ahe had risen early and gone downstairs 'to have a row with the missis.' So downstairs after her wenb' Jess, and esteemed herself lucky to meet Black Sal coming back victorious from her altercation with the landlady and in high good humor accordingly. She stopped la astonishment when she saw Jess, and listened to her story with great interest. ' Bight yon are,' she said cheerfally, giving Jess a pat on the baok whloh nearly knocked her down. ' Bight yoa are, my dear. You keep out of Steva Byre's way, if you're wise. I've seen him already, ranging about like a wild cat, 'cos you hain't been home all nlghb. Alice la with him a- cry In' her eyes out They'll be In here afore long, to see if you're with me. Don't you Bay nothlnk to nobody, but creep out on the leads again an' Til come art*r je.' ' And you'll get Meeoie soma milk, ' won't jou T' said Jess «f xtoasiy. ' Oh jte, 1 11 get her aoythlnk you like. You go along an* I'll come dlreobly.' Jew ntor&ed; therefore to the room- in the empty bouse and tu a few mlnates was follow* d b) Sal, who had broagtu her a loaf, a jug of milk, and a tarred rag In which site was glad to lay the e£i-d. Then the womac turned to George £w«tw.-od and looked at him silently for some minutes. ' He's got a f-ve»; or saamat o' bhftt kind,' sbe said presently ' Xoa'il '«?« to send for the doctor, Jasi, or get him moved to a horapital.' 'Don't you think I ootild keep hln here acd nurse him myself %' aald Jess. ** Why no, I don't, you little silly. Why you can't haye a (ire here or the police wonld be down on yoa 'directly and it's bitter cold. It ato'o tit fur a alafc min to lie here. Betides, y 'U tioa'o kao* ban what it's catohiug 1 never catch nothing eo I don't c»r«, nut auuie folk would be awful sbeartdV' ' fie m»y bu butter ia she afternoon,' urged Jese r&tu; ly ' Well, he may. B.« don't lo -k like Ib. Here, you stay qtuet *i u him fur a bit an' I'll go for in* d«-c *r ny »ud- bye if ha ain't better. And I'll bclog yea ap a cop o* tea.' SalbuBbled away, q-ilte enjoying the ex clbemeno of the situation Waea she came back Jess tried to pat her on- her guard. ' You mustn't tpll anyone that we'ie here,' she Bald. ' Oh no, I'm safe enough — so long as I don't take a drop too much,' avowed Black Sal gaily. ' When the glu'a la my bead the sense Is out, and 1 say what comes nppermost.' *' Don't take any gin while we are here then,' cried Jess In an agony. ' We'll give yon. money — plenty of money — If yoa will bat hold your tongue. Promise me, Sal, that you won't speak of this.' ' iJl right — all right ; don't you flarry yourself. I'll take care, you may be sore o' that. I'll look in again by-and-bye, and If you're here to-night I'll get Mother Birch in the next house to look after the baby. You won't want her here ; yoa'll have enough to do uph.him.' ' Jess acquiesced with a sigh. She re mained at George's side for some hours, her eyes fixed upon his unconscious face. Towards noon he seemed better ; he came to himself, asked why he was there and what had happened, bat seemeddislnclined to move Jess asked tim whether he still occupied the studio where he uaed to sib, but be shook his head. Might she send for any ope.? or would he have a cab and be taken home? ' Send for a cab,' he said drowsily. 'Now, George?' He did not answer. He had again sunk into his unconscious state, and began almost Immediately to mutter and to move his arms reBtlessly. JesB gazed at htm In dismay. She could not leave Meenie alone ?with him— the child would not be safe. She dared not take the child out into the street, for the snow was still falling fast. She determined to sit down again and watt for Sal, who would probably not object be go for a cab — or even to fetch. Mr. Hel mont. Jess was not afraid of meeting Mr. Helmont now She could explain to him that she had all along been George's wife, and he would never be unkind. Bourn, however, passed on In cold and hunger, and still Sal did not come. Jess began to feel puzzled by her absence, rial usually kept her word, and was too klad to feel It a trouble to help a friend. Why did she not come ? Poor Jess's hopes for her appearance were not destined to be fuldlled Sal bad met a friend that afternoon, and had been 'treated' Beveral times. Before long she had entirely lost control over her self, and had not only told what she knew of Jess's story to her friend, bat on meeting Stephen Byre and Dlok in the streat had shouted out to them the number of the house in which Jess was now to be found. It was a disastrous piece of folly, and one of which poor kind-hearted, miserable Sal bitterly repented after wards ; but when she had uttered the tateful words she burst out laughing wildly at the soern set look which suddenly came over Stephen's face. She saw him stop short, stand ablll fora moment, and then go away towards Mill- street. The boy Dick ran after him, casting a reproachf ul word to Black Sal as he went. ' There'll be murder, dona now if we don't look out,' he saidT As night came on the snow ceased. Ib lay In a smooth and stainless carpet over all the pavement and die roads. The glare of its whiteness made a sort of weird Illumination In the desolate room where ?lees was sitting. She looked oat some times, and wondered a little at the white ness.* She glanced now and then ab the grey sky, and the flickering gas lamps in the street. She went occasionally to the head of the staircase and listened for the coming of Black Sal ; bub Black Sil never came. Meenle had been disposed of In the lodging-house. A woman who lodged in one of the upper rooms was only too glad to take charge of her for the night. Jess had the wlsaom to take some small coins out of her husband's pocket, and expand them in obtaining necessaries from Mrs. Birch, the woman in whose care she had ltft Meenle ; but she cauld not get very much In the way of comforts for George, and sow that night had come on and he grew hotter and his words more la coherent, a secret fear crept over her that she by her aotlons was making him far worse, and that If he died his death would lie at her door. Stie was, Indeed, risking a good deal by makiog no determined efiott to get George away from his present miserable surroundings ; bat ahe was very timid and very ignorant, and she hardly knew what to do. Of one thing she was quite certain, ehe would go to Mr. Helmont on the morrow. George's ravings bewildered her exceed ingly. His words were sometimes ao coherent, so lucid, that she could not be lieve him not to know what he was saying. He recalled a great many facts of their past life together, and continually asked her if she remembered this, ttUt, or the other. She replied to him sometimes, acd was amazed and puzzled to find tbat he did not seem to listen to her replies. She was not at all well versed in illness, and she soon beoime thoroughly unable to distinguish between his saner moods and his delirium ; the two in fact, alternated with seme regularity, but she had no skill to determine whloh was which. He frightened her thoroughly; and all thab she could do was to give him water or milk from time to time, and to soothe him when his violence seemed likely to become outrageous. The night wore on. It was like an eterniby to Jess. She bitterly repented the trust that ahe had reposed in Sal, and wished thab she had at aU hazards gone to Mr. ilelmont at once. What shoald she da If George died through her carelessness ?and her neglect ? '. Suddenly ahe heard t. sound. The street was very still, for it was near midnight, and the anow lay thlok upon the earth. The slightest sound re-echoed far and near in Jess's strained and anxious ears. ' There was a footstep on the stairs. '- ~ Jess started to her feet. Who was Ib ? Was It Sal who was eomlng baok 1 Surely Sal never walked so heavily, so deter* minedly. Oould it be Stephen Eyre? She glanced wildly round the room. A little rushlight was burning on the mantel piece, bhe blew it out and tried to look: the door ; but the key was rusty and would not turn In the look. Perhaps the Intruder would not come Into this room. Bat George's voice, high and unmodulated in the fever- fit, would guide any stranger to the place. He was talking about S-r- rento now, and the orange-groves, and the cloudlets Italian skies. 'Ob, hush, hush!' Jess cried aload, In her extremity. ' Darling, do not salk a»y more just now.' . -a But the sick man never heeded her.; he babbled on,^and the ateps aptm Aas stairs came nearer' and halted at tue dour. 1 hen there was a pause. Presently the door was slowly opsned ftim without. When it was oalj a few Inches ajar a face appeared at the aper ture — a wild, white face. In which baraed two dark eyes, glowing like coals of fire. Jobs uttered a fafnt ory. She knew the face too well, and In that moment she hated it— the face cf Stephen Eyre. Her old lover opened the door, and came slowly into the room. Then he stood looking at George Easbwood, At first he did not seem to notice Jess ab all. A slight crafty smile crept over his white face. Jess saw that he kept one hand Inside bis coat, in what seemed to her a straDge, unnatural way. ** So 1 have found thee at last, O mine enemy,' he eald in a low, stralued voloe. Jess eprang /urwaid, interposing be tween the two men *' Be is non your enemy. He has done yon no harm ' ' Ho hue harmed y- a,' aald Stephen Eyre quietly ; ' aud he must die for it.' Madneca gleamed in his eyes Jesa woDdere&why; she h»d never seen It there before. -Mad T yes, Stephen was mad, as ahe now remetobertd that his father had been before him and other relations before tbat. What wooldthe madman da? He had withdrawn bis band from the breast of his coat, aod she saw the glitter of a knife. She eprang to the window and suddenly flung it open, cry log out 'Murder! Help 1 Help 1' In a voice that rang down the street with' the shrill accent of deadly fear. It seemed to her that some one an swered In the strict below : but she could not look out, for at thab very moment Stephen Eyre flung himself upon East wood and the two men were looked' In a fierce combat, a combat for life or death. Eastwood was roused from his ha'f un conscious state by Stephen — strode by the glitter perhaps, of the weapon tn Stephen's hand. Weakness seemed for the moment to have left him, ana he attacked Stephen as If he knew him and knew how deadly was the enmity he bore to himself. Indeed his words carried out this idea, for he spoke to Stephen Eyre by name. 'I know youl I know yoa !' he cried. ' Yoa tried to rob me of my wife. Bat I will punish you yet ' ' And I will punish yoa,' said Stephen, They reeled about the room together, locked In that terrible embrace. Stephen was strong, bub George, upborne by the stress of fever, was stronger yet. He had pinioned Stephen's arms bo thab the m*n could nob get his hands free, and as they wrestled the knife was wrenched from Stephen's fingers and fell to the ground. Bat at last as they neared the win dow ib seemed as if George's strength were about to fall. He stag gered violently against the crazy window Bill. Stephen flaogoob vigorously to save himself, and then the whole wladow frame gave way, and Eyre, losing his balance, went crashing through the panes. Be might have recovered himself bub for a wild push given to him by George. He slipped again, bat datahed the window- Bill wildly with his hands. He did not apeak, he did not cry for help. He looked up silently and met Jess's eyes. They looked at each other for a moment, which Beemed to Jess, psrhaps to both, an eternity. A little help, a little agility and courage, and he might have clambered back to safety. Neither agUlty nor oourage was wanting, but the help that was necessary was oob there. George, fighting and atroggUng still he knew nob wibh whom nor with what— could not render him assistance. And Jess was perhaps too weak to do more than cling to her hus band's arm and beg him to come away. The knife glittered temptingly on the floor. George Eastwood picked it up and waved It In triumph round his head. Bat It was Jess who cried out, i( Give It to me ! Ob, give It to me 1' and snatched ib, or tried to snatch it from him in that terrible moment of agony, when she w« perhaps no more accountable for her actions than was George Eastwood himself. A moment later, and tbe Ifody of Stephen Ej re lay, yet warm and quivering, upon the pavement in the snow- covered silent: street (To be continued.) 