[?] [?] xa^r Jiard ttinfes qf it. They have Heen knocked about in; all dt^ -weilnkb at the wits' endj interfetefl ?with in their legitimate perambula tions, chaUenged to give an account of themselves. . and say , are they .ghosts or- are they iiet. FlesV'ahd blood could not roar all which they ? suffer, fbut being ghosts, and having neither flesh toor blood, they endure and do not commit suicide, asflesb and-blood- humanity would, under each trials, assuredly do. They «uffer, too, from false pretenders, or psudo-ghos'ts. who bring them into great discredit till the make believes are found out. And yet they deserve better treatment and more respect, for they are a very ancient class, arid quite pre-histdric. 'Ghosts,' observes a modern writer, ** are almost the first guess of the savage, almost the last infirmity of \- the civilized imagination. Leaving this question to be set tled as best it may be I shall row proceed to give a true case ot a ghost bunt and its result. I eay a true case, as I have it from the pen of a very eminent and experienced surgeon, who has spent a long life in extensive, practice — a man of education, intelligence and reflec tion ; moreover, one of great physi cal and moral courage, and the lost loan in the world to let his iniagi tion run away with his sobriety «f judgement. For obvious reasons I do not give his name; but I am *t liberty to say that he has been in communication with one of our highest authorities on an interest ing psychological -subject. I now give the narrative in his own written statement, which, indeed, lie had previously communicated to ane in conversation — *' Some winters ago I was sitting alone, reading at the fire in my drawing-room. There was a sharp frost at the time, but not any snow : the hour at or about ' the noon of night.' My family were all absent at the time. The domestics weie all in bed, probably an hour or two. Having been much interested in my book, I paid no attention to anything around me. Suddenly, however, I awoke to the fact. that a iootstep had been passing through my bouse, and that I had been hearing it listlessly for some time, -without feeling surprise. When however, my intellect became alive to the fact, as well as my ear, I at once became aware of its import ance. At that moment the foot titeps were becoming faint from 'distance, as if the perambulator bad reached the farthest extremity of the house at the rear, which -terminated in my man-servants' fileeplng-room. I may here pre mise that the distance from the front to the back of the bouse mea sures within the walls about 80ft. . The first hall id about 20ft. square ihe remainder being back halls, passages, kitchens, &c.;,. tertninat ? ing in the man's sleepingapart ment, as above mentioned, and di vided throughout by five doors. ? The dining and drawing rooms open from the front hall, opposite each other, and the public road i* divided from the house by an area: thin depresses the the floor of the apartments about six feet from the level uf the road* which runs past the' house on the dining-room side, and the farthest from the drawing room; the passages are on the side ' -farthest from this room, by the full Weadth of the hali. ' I got up and opened toe door of the room I was sitting in, to awat the return p' ;?' ;: -any},' midnight -visitor. Ho, .fpot .^??.'??.':-'i«tep heralded his approactv nor Y.-v ???' ''iflsahiB; appear; the sound of his {,.' '*Av V'jStetw -quite ceased, I prbvided niy-; Mfr: liielf #itb acandle, and wept through a.1 -iny house. 1 found all the 4pora $he wpman-klnd were in .their own 'ropinji.^ DipT jny return to the 'draw^ ing-rpom J look special pare to close ail the ' doprs on .'my; having passed through theml I ? resumed fniy.'(s»at'at ih'e ' drawing room BrV In a few moments the firm decided step was he. id, anicji having en tered the large glass window, passed along the hall, Hiito the back hall, anil so on untiHtV seemed to pass through the mahWoom and out of the house. I waited it's reruns It came on, and the moment it seemed to be on the other side of the drawingroom doer the handle of which I held in my hand, I suddenly opened the door. The effect produced was to silence com pletely the sound of footsteps, and to show me the hall empty and quite aB usual. I acknowledge my amazement. I might confess to a feeling almost- akin to horror. I again resumed my chair, leaving the room door open. No sound of any kind was then heard. After some three minutes or so I again closed the door, and in a few seconds ray invisible friend resumed his exercise ns before. This investi gation I repeated three or four times always with the same result. Whilst I was shut ud in the room the pace was distinct and firm ; on suddenly opening the door, when, the person should be seen in a certain part of the hall, there was no figure visible nor any sound of footsteps what ever to hear. The sensation pro duced was that of awe, and I could not avoid thinking how fortunate it was that a person of weak nerve was not in my place, for assuredly an epiletic or convulsive seizure would have resulted. Whilst I Bat thinking on this strange matter, a pencil I had been marking my book with; and wiiich I was now twiddling in my fingers, dropped from my hand auiongftt the fireirons. On my stoop ing down to find it within the apron of the fender, I became aware of the taint of tobacco-smoke. I at once said, ' I think I have found the ghost ;' and hastening from tbu room, and out at the ha! 1- door. I made for the gate which opens on the roa-l. I there saw a sergeant ol militia marching up the road. I waited until he returned in my di rection again, and well pleased I wasat hearing the wellknown s(e idy tramp I had so lately been speculat ing on. The sergaent was enjoying his turn-in ppe. ' And now for the explanation of this strange affair, which caused me great amazement, though I felt no iear, during the visits of the in visible intruder. However, not be lieving in the Hamlet Senior's mid night exercise, I exerted myself to explain the phenomenon, but I failed completely, and was sorely puzzled. Had I not dropped my pencil so very fortunately, and stooped to look for it, I should have been a believer in ghosts to my dying day, the deception was so perfect on each repition, and at the tame time seemed so inexplic able. But it was not inexpliceble, and the smell of the tobacco offered the solution, and made all. plain. The drawing-room chimney was the medium down which the sounds came while the door cf the room in which I sat was shut: when this door was opened, t!-e sounds were not heard through the chimney — or at all ; whe« the door was shut, they became audible, as before.' ?? ? .i. . . , I have br-fc one remark to make on my friend's narrative. Many .» ghV-st:story has no better founda tipn^'and might find its solution if 8ubj^etei:to the examination of a man of strong nerve, clear . head, and' '$jfojo.3! .reasoning faculty such as igwpe.-.i'i'./. ?'?.-' \',r'-.-: ; ?'? *--:??'??!? -? 