.. im'BimnuMM PRINCESS 'MD SPY, OK ? ? ' . BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. ..BY JAMES S. BORLASE. CHAPTER XXXII. THE BLACK COACH AND THE WHHTINO 1 ? '- ' ,,TOST. —?--.?? ? ! , The Prince did riot allow her much time to, indulge in her grief. .:. .', ; l.Come, my lads,' said hejigood-tcmi peredly. ' These ladies have i: left their tire-maidens at homo, so you will have to change 'their dresses for them. Such trinkets as they have on shall he your .per quisites. Come, be speedy.' , ? [ i The police at once made a; rush at: the two prisoners. % . ' ! 1 Ada Bavard was dragged up from the stone floor on which she had fallen, j and her. pearl ear-rings, bracelets, and neck} let were snatched rather than taken from Ker. «o - : iit. i. ! BuTtheriCwas a far greater 'struggle! for the Princess's diamonds, who was al most torn : to pieces' with the 'greedyj clutches and grabs that were made at her neck and arms and' ears. And was it for this that the two beauti ; ful girls; had decked' and- tricked them-? selves out, , and' put-on such 'sumptuous apparel, and perfumed their hair, and -al- most bared their ' soft, '.palpitating, and resplendent busts P ,;l;,,, : Ada- Bayard came out of the struggle almost without N scratch, but the Princess was bruised and breathless, and even bleed ing. ? ' ? ' ' '- ????' '.:.'. '. ' '? : The girls now had their dresses torn open and dragged off them' with; 'rude force, and ' then were just as roughly arrayed in ill-fitting suits of 'J sheepskin, fastening tight up to their chin's/and with hoods to be drawn over their heads. The woolly side was next their bodies, the smooth- skin side without, and no sooner were they dressed in these unbecoming costumes than a policeman came forth from some recess or other, carrying in his hand a big brush reeking with bright red paint. This man touched his helmet peak with the back of his disengaged hand, and stood still, evidently waiting a command. The Police Minister took; a little note book out of his pocket, turned over the leaves for a few seconds, and thensaid in harsh, rasping tones, ' Gubernium of Berezov. Class G. . Numbers 305 and 366.' / Having received his instructions, the policeman saluted again, then walked up to the prisoners and painted on each of their , breasts, in bold large characters, G.B.G., with their respective .numeral under each. ? ?? ? ' Prisoners,' said the Police Minister then, 'you have forfeited yb'nr names, as do all who are sentenced to Siberia. You, Maria Catherine, late Princess Olga, will henceforth be known as Number' 365, and your companion in crime as Number, 366; To address oach other, even when alone, by, any other title than the proper nume ral is to incur tho punishment of the plot, or a beating on the bare back with a bunch of split canes. You must also answer to those numbers when addressed by all per sons in authority, It is important that you remember this. Don your masks.' ' Prince, will you not have pity on my companion P She, at all events is quite blameless,' said one of the prisoners, throwing herself on her knees. ' ' Adversity seoms already to have soft ened your heart, Number 365,' answered the Prince, sneeringly. 'If this kind of thing is to go on, methinks, when, your time comes, you may find it a far shorter journey, from Siberia to heaven than it ever would have been from St. Peters burg. 'Your petition is refused, however. Don your mask.' The two prisoners then put on sheep skin masks that had been handed to them, and which covered their entire faces save ?their' eyes. , . - 'Is. the Black Coach ready?' then asked the Police Minister.' The Princess Olga started. ~ Sho'f 'had ' heard ~ that 'dreadful nain e 'before':*' \\. '.;.' \', /.,.',- . ' ? ' , , ',''/It. is. Excellency .''replied' one of tho 'policemen'! with 'a 'salute. ',..'?'' )''i:' Giyb' the prisonern their supper, then, 'an'd'esBorf; them' to it directly after.' '^Thero was. then brought to each of; the 'wretchei ''captives' a small loaf of 'black ?bread, and aL woodeii ' bowl full of quass, 'which is a'kihdbf very small beer made of rye and oatmeal, colored bright red by a certain berry.'. It is a favorite beverage -amongsfr-~the' Russian peasantry, but to more delicate stomachs a liquor as hor riblo AS.tjie jfaters.of Cooytus. ,.,' . Both prisoners shook their heads. The eoarse^fare filled them' with unutterable loathing; . ? ??:....: [? 1 At.the sight the Police Minister laughed aloud; ? '.They must eat their rations;' : said he. ' Take off their masks again, and if they prove obstinate or .sullen force tho food and drink down their throats.' ? - \ The policeman only too gladly obeyed this order. Quass and sour black bread was their ordinary fare; and; it pleased them mightily, therefore, to have the task of 'forcing a first meal1 of this' kind upon the dainty stomachs of the two aristo cratic prisoners. It was terribly hard1' work to the poor girls to pot through-such a supper, es pecially after the elegant confections they had partaken of for tea; but at tho sligh test hesitation the polioo, would tear the loaves out of their hands ,' and forco them between their teeth until the hard crust and dry rye nearly choked them. At,longth, however, every morsel was dey.oured, and . the :foaming quass ' swal lowed,a]s,o. ., ; ? i ? i: i ' Then they were mado to resume their zn.as.ks, and the Police Minister addres sing them for thelast time, said in severo tones-r ,'M ,..; . ; ??. J You, have, now had a slight foretaste of 'th'e doom that awaits you in the land of 'your life-long captivity — a doom that you havo brought on your own heads by disregarding . my wishes and commands, quite iis' much as by the perpetration of your other and more , enojmous crimes. Silence, 'Number 365, you are hot per mitted to answer Henceforth you are not allowed, to. address one in authority unless ho first deigns to speak to you. 'Bemeniber'tKis also, or your backs may stnaTtt., Away with them !' \- The' Prince .waved his hand and the great doors ofthe 'chapel were rolled open. The moonlight — streaming in almost drowned tho red lurid glow of the resin-; ous pinewood torches that glared from brackets around 'the walls, and revealed, standing just without, a carriage, not un like in shape and general appoaranco an English mourning coach, j. Its peculiarity was that it had no win dows, whilst its roof was surmounted by what looked like a dumpy little chimney, but was, iiffact,' a ventilator. It stood on runners instead of wheels, was black as the ace of spades; and drawn by a pair of horses .equally sombre of hue. i '. ' ? The prisoners were marched out through tho chapel doors between a double file of policemen. ? -The door of the vehicle was opened ; they were thrust roughly in. Then ther 'door? was' slammed shut, and locked, and, at' a sign' 'from the Police Minister, the black coach, with a police man in plain clothes seated beside tho driver, dashed rapidly away. \- Prince Golgoroukis chuckled grimly to himself as he watched it out of sight ; then he ordered the dresses that had been torn off the prisoners, as well as their gloves, embroidered silk stockings, and little satin, high-heeled boots, to^be piled up in a heap and set on, fire. ?Tins-was soon .effected, and after stand ing by until they were utterly consumed, he and his Jew secretary quitted the mortuary chapel . forlgood, walked to the neighboring grove of pine trees, in which they had tied up their horses, and mounts ing them set out on their return to St. Petersburg. An hour later Prince Golgoroukis, with the same satanic smile hovering on his lips as they had worn within the mortuary chapel of St. Alexander Newskey's ceme tery, entered the paved courtyard of one of St Petersburg's many prisons. It was surrounded by high walls, and in the centre stood a tall post that, to a height of about four feet from, the ground, was splashed with blood, as also were the paving stones around it. The Prince raised his silver whistle to his lips and blew it. Half-a-dozen gaol warders instantly made their appearance. ' Bring. forth Ivan Eoylofi1, and summon the executioner,' said he. . Three minutes later the man with a face like a white, watch dial, and the mus tachios and .eyebrows as black as tho hands that crawl over its disk, was dragged into tho yard by two great burly fellows. A third, the burliest and most gigantic of the trio, followed after, dressed in scarlet cloth and with his sinewy arms bare to the shoulders. He grasped in his right hand the short handle of a very long thonged whip, that was terminated by a lump of oak hard leather the size of a marble, but in shape like a heart. 'Strip him,' said the Police Minister, briefly, and in less than a minute the prisoner was nakod from his head to his Lips. ; ' Secure him to'the post !' This --was' immediately 'effected by aid of affiiron-b'elt, which was clasped aronnd his waist and the post, and then ? secured by the aid of a padlock. Even a Goliath or a Samtion could not have burst that band asunder. ??'Now lay it on!' ' At this command the punishment com menced, and surely the iires of tho nether most hell could not cause more anguish than the prisoner endured. ' Ivan, to- morrow you and jour twelve coinpanious will begin your march to Siberia. There you may eome across the woman who betrayed you. If you shoose totake your revenge it is , no business o£ ?nine,' and kicking the. p.oorrwrolch. the Prince laughed and walked away. CHAPTER Xxilll. ???' ' A VISIT TO A CHAItNBIi' HOUSE. ? ' At twelve o'clock the following day, Prince Golgoroukis was. ,as fresh, genial, and complacent as though ho had slept .the long hours of darkness through, in stead of witnessed a Nihilist conspiracy, trampled it out in blood and fire, -filled .the prisons of tho capital with, its de luded victims, punished its leader with the knout and sent two of the most beau tiful' girls in St. Petersburg (after the most fearful preliminary barbarities) to a life-long exile in Siberia. ? ' Which will be a precious short career of sorrow for one of them,' ho muttered to himself, 'if Ivan lleyloff once gets hold of her. It was a good stroke of mine allowing him to think that she had deliberately betrayed him and his associ ates in order to curry favor with me. Ha, ha, hd, 'at the very sight of her he will seem to. feel the tickle of the knout again. He will kill lior with more dire tortures than I ever could have inflicted, for. I know the man ;. so the' Czar's ukase to stop my flogging of women (oh for the good old times of his father, Nicholas, back again) have for once been better than evaded. Ha, ha, ha, and the best of it is that her fate won't create even a sensation, no matter how tragic it may be, for who can, feel a any special interestin a numeral.' At this juncture , Isaac Pilinitz, his Jew secretary, announced that 'a Sir Harry Gordon, of; the British Embassy, had called according to appointment?. '' Sliow him in,' replied the Police Min ister blandly, yet with a tinge of solemn ity in his tone, and tho next instant the yo'nng attache entered. The Prince arose, and gasped him by hand, and wrung it fervently. ' Your Highness, I hope that you have no iU news for me ? exclaimed Sir Harry, .impressed by tho Police Minister's sor rowful and lugubrious manner. ' My poor young friend, prepare your .selEforthe worst. ,,Sit down; sit down, . and allow me to offer your a glass of wine or brandy. You will need it.' ' No, no ; tell me the worst at once, your Highness. I; don't require Dutch courage in order to meet misfortune. 'What is the ill news that I-must hear ?' ' That she is dead,' answered the Prince, without any further preface. ' Dead P , I will not believe it !' ex claimed tho lover passionately. 'I wish thatl could afford you grounds for disbelieving it ; but, alas, there is no room for them. She was a guest of the Princess Olga, tho woman whom I have now every reason to suppose murdered her father, tho old shipbuiler. ? Well, the floury typhus broke out in the palace last night. Perhaps you don't know, the disease P It is as rapid in its action as tho cholera. One hour you are well, the next dead. Did-ypn. notice- whether the Princess looked 111 yesterday ?.' ? I did not 3ee her. It . was the day before that I eallod. But it seems like a hideous and unconnected dream that you are narrating to me. The beautiful young Princess a cold-blooded murderess, anil Ada Bayard a guest beneath her roofP Why, they did not even know . each other.' ' I know nothing about all that, my poor young friend. As Minister of Pot lice, I deal only with facts, and facts are most stubborn things. All that I can tell you is,- that there lies within a bed in the dead Princess's palace a girl also dead, with the longest and brighest of golden hair, and her linen marked with the name you have such a tender regard for in full. Other articles of clothing, marked with tho same name, were found on the floor in a corner of the room, and still more hung up in a dress closet in the ad ioinins apartment. This also was discov ered amidst the ashes of tho stove, and has been nearly destroyed by the action of the fire ; but I have imagined that I could make out your initials joined with hers— H. G. and A. B. Am I right?' And the Police Minister handed to our lioro a blackened locket and chain. Sir Harry took it in his hand. It was too nearly destroyed to be easily recog nisable, but he could make out the initials, and he recognised the very pecu liar pattern of the chain, and knew it, alas I to be his last gift to Ada before he ha'd quitted free, happy Eng land to accompany her Ambassador to Russia. He opened the loeket, but hair and likeness had alike been withered and consumed by the fierce heat of tho stove. Ho wished that his own life had gone forth with them. ' Oh, God ! you have terrible reason for supposing that it is indeed her,' said Sir Harry ; ' but I will go to the palace. One glance at tho corpse will substitute certainty for surmise. This suspense will drive me mad.' 'I assure you, my dear young friend, that a sight of the body will by no means allay it. You cannot imagine what rav ages the floury typhus makes of the poor human, countenance. Her own father, whero he alive, would not know her. The most maligant smallpox is nothing to it. Nothing but her beautiful golden hair remains to identify her by. There was not such another head in all St. Petersburg. Russians never have that tinted hair. I daresay you may often have remarked it.' Our hero had not remarked it. Had he paid attention to suoh matters ho might havo rejoined — ' Though the Rus sians seldom or never possess that colored hair, the Pins very often do ; and during the winter months, when the great gulf is frozen ovor, there are always Finland girls to be found in St. Petersburg.' All that ho did say however was-—' Oh, I must see her. I shall go mad unless I do. For pity's sake grant me a pass into the Palace,' ' Are you aware that the eomplaint is most terrible infectious ?' 'All the better. If your surmises are correct, I shall wish it to bo so.1 ' Very well, you shall be gratified. Wo will sot forth at once.' | But there is no occasion for your Highness to incur such. a risk.' 1 1 havo to repair thither in order to bring away with me the snuffbox out of which tho poor old shipbuilder took his death-pinch. Ah, my friend there is some terrible mystery to be cleared up in connection with one of those poor dead young women. I'm afraid that the Prin cess nlga was nothing better than a modern Lucretia Borgia. That snuffbox is an heirloom in her family, and I shall be able to prove that out of that identical box, and no other, Mr Bayard took a pinch of poisoned snuff ton minutes be fore he died. What could have beon her object for committing the awful crime, and what furthormoro could have been her motive in enticing the deud man's daughter to take up her abode with her,' and to give it out she had returned to England ?' ' I must sec the body before I can even turn my mind to such matters,' replied Sir ' Harry distractedly. ' Oh, for heaven's sake, let me be going.' 'Isaac, ring for my sleigh. It will whisk us to the Olga Palace in loss than ten minutes, Sit down, Sir Hnrry, I'll return to you in no time.' The Princo retired then into an inner room, to drink a large glass of euracoa, to sprinkle himself liberally with somo powerful disinfecting liquid, to replenish his cigar case with some rare old Cuban Havanas, and finally to don his boots, hat, and gloves. Fivo minutes later the Police Minister and the' attache were dashing through the streets, and. in less than twice the period of time they came within sight of tho palaco ; and when Sir Harry saw tho great black flag floating from its roof, and the cordon of blazing fires that had been drawn around it, with tho police sentinels pacing to and fro with shouldered muskots and gleaming bayonets in front of them, he felt a terrible forboding that all the Prince had told him was true, and that ho would soon, indeed, stand beside' Ada's corpse. In through the great gateway, and by the Prince's directions, the sleigh was reigned up at some little distance from the building. ' I never like to risk the lives of those who have no real interest at issue,' said the Prince, benignly, as he jerked his head towards his lsehvostchick and sloigh. 'You and I are differently circum stanced.' Soon they reached the little side door at which the sentinel was posted. Tho man saluted, and the Prince was gracious enough to give him a cigar and a silver rouble. At th'e same |time he lighted a cigar himself. ' Capital preservative against contract ing contagion. Have ono ?' said he Sir Harry ; but our hero shook his head. It would have seemed to him sacrilege to smoke a cigar in the death-chamber of his beloved Ada, no matter how infectious the disease of which! she had perished. Proceeding up, the grand staircase and along the richly-carpeted corridors they soon stood within the chamber, for it was the ante-room to the Princess'a larger and more sumptuously -furnished apart ment. The Prince drew up tho Venetian blinds and admitted a flood of light into the room, puffing vigorously away at his cigar the while to overcome the foul stench that prevailed in all quarters from the decomposing bodies. Sir Harry meanwhilo bont over the bed, and, oh, what a terrible sight met his gaze. The face of the dead was indeed past all recognition — each feature had swollen to an enormous size. Face, head, and neck were one mass of open corruption, and over all was that strange white dust, like unto flour, that has given the ter rible disease its name — a disease that heaven in its mercy grant may never be imported to our happy shores ; for oven the Egyptian plague is not more revolt ing. There, however, was tho beautiful long golden hair falling off the head in patches, and there on the linen collar of the night dress was Ada Batabd, No. 3, written in jot black marking-ink. The evidence that he gazed upon the countenance of his beloved seemed to Sir Harry Gordon to be most clear and con vincing, and with a groan of anguish he sank back into a chair beside tho corpse. ' Come, take a pull of brandy,' said the Police Minister, drawing a flask from his pocket, and almost forced the neck of it between the attache's teeth. This effected, he poured more than half its contents do,wn his throat. It seemed to revive him, for he got up, crossed over to the toilette table, took up a pair of scissors that he saw lying there, and, returning to the bedside, cut off a long tress of the dead girl's golden hair, pressed his lips to it, a.nd then committed it to his waistcoat pocket. ' The funeral ?' gasped ho then. ' Must not be delayed beyond day break to-morrow,' answered the Police Minister. ' Nay, the bodies must bo com mitted to their coffins and screwed down within the hour. They shall be buried together. No invidious distinction shall be made on account of the difference in rank. The poor waitingmaids, who, it seems, lost their lives in attending on their mistresses, perished first. They wore buried last night. The rest of the ser vants imve been removed.' CHAPTER XXXIV. WAS 3T THE LIVING OE THE DEAD. Scarcely had these words escaped the Police Minister's lips when a crash in the adjoining room caused him to start. He rushed into the Princess' bed-room to behold a shattered vase on the floor. It hnd fallen off a low cabinet, and evidently Tbut. an instant boforo, . for a rounded portion, that was unbroken, was still gently rocking. The Princo glanced at the windows. They were shut. At the door. It was closed also. No draught came from any where. It was most strange. Sir Harry Gordon was too much op pressed by grief to notice anything as remarkable, but not so the Prince. That vase had been knocked clown by human agency or by some unearthly and. spiritual power ; if by human, then that Palace contained a spy upon their actions, perhaps on previous actions as well ; i(i by superhuman, what could it portend. ? AH Russians are grossly superstitious. We do not mean by that that thoy avo so idiotic as to believe in spirit-rapping aud dark_ seances, as nineteenth century English educated men and women, to tho sternal disgrace of their country, havo :lone, but they have still faith in tlio more rational elvurch-yard ghost ; in spirits of thp departed re-visiting the earth, not a3 imbeciles to answer questions that any fool may choose to put unto them, but for sensible motives connected with, revenge, warnings, and so on ; and inoro especially do they believe in signs and omens. Even the stern, practical Police Minister was not entirely free from this feelijig, as he crossed himselt' in orthodox fashion with throe fingers of his right hand, and then muttered a jir;iyer that was supposed to be a charm imainst evil spirits. But though he took these precautions against tho supernatural, he also forthwith and at once commenced a search aftev tko natural. Decidedly, neither door nor window had been opened or shut, or with his sharp, well cultured ear he must have heard it. But he opened every cupboard and. wardrobe, and.pecred under tlio bed and behind its heavy gold- embroidered cur tains, beneath the toilet table and every other article of furniture where even a a child could have hidden, tossing the drosses about that hung in the cupboard (whero tho night before the Princess and Ada had tried in vain to conceal them selves) lest there might bo some ono hid den behind them. All in vain. Not evon a rat ov a cat appeared to solve the mystery in a ra tional manner. ' It was an omen,' muttered the Police Minister to himself. ' However, I'll make it ail right with Our Lady of Kanzan boforo theday is over. I dare say for a few pounds of wax candles she'll exorcise the Evil One and trainplo his mischief hard down upon his own corns.' .Thus comforting himself, the Princo seized Sir Hairy by the arm, and said complacently, ' Come, it will do neither of us any good to remain hero any longer. Nay, I positively insist upon your coming away. First, though, we will visit the drawing-room, for I want to possess my self of the snuff-box I spoke of. Sir Harry suffered himself to bo led away without a murmur. Indeed, he felt as though ho was afflicted with a hid eous nightmare, and had no power of himself to help Mmsolf . When he found himself in the drawing room, his interview with the lovely young Princess two mornings previously in that elegant apartment came back to him vivdly, and for an instant it appeared to him absolutely impossible that she could be either dead or tho atrocious criminal that the Police Minister represented her to bo. ' This is the box,1 said that individual at this junctiuro. Observe the exquisito paintings in enamel and the precious stones that border it. 'Tis halt'-£ull of that villainous compound that so clqsely resembles snuff. When we get homo you shall witness the effect on a dog or cat. 'No.no, I have no desire,' said tlio uttachd, with a shudder. Tell mo nt what hour the funerals will tako place, for I should like to attend as mounier. 'Why, you soe, as tho Princessi belongs to ono of our oldest Russian families, tho ceremony will have to be a pompous one, and in every way worthy of her name and race ; for I think that it will bo moro proper and generou3, since, she had been summoned to answer for her crimes bcliovo a higher tribunal, to say nothing about them here. 'Vengeance is mine and I will repay,' saiththo Lord, eh P 'Could we bring back her Tiictim to life it wouitl. be difleremt, wouldn't it. Of course I will report evervthing to the Czar in con fidence, but I am convinced that His Majesty will say, as I say now, ' Let us throw a veil of charity ovor her mis deeds, and remember only that sho was young and beautiful, and that she is ho longer able to refute any charges that might be made against her.' ' Yes, yes,' said Sir Harry absently, ' and the hour for the funeval V ' I will let you know by a special mess engers' after I have seen the Archbishop.' ' Thank you ; thank you. And now I think I will go home.1 ' The very best thing you couli; do. lam going also. Why, yon could not pass the sentry at the door without mo at your side, my young friend. Tho two friends quitted the palace to gether, and the Prince offered to drive tho attache home, but the latter decliuod (h,- civility, saying ho would rather walk. So they shook hands and parted, ami the Prince, as sprang into his sloigh uncl shouted out to his driver, 'Vazcll'!' (forward), muttered to himsoir— ' if ho catches tho contagion and dies of it, all. the better. That lock of hair will guro it him if anything will. Hair is a lino carrier of infection. What a mint of money my passion for that English girl has cost me. By St. Isaac, 'tis fortunate that it comes out of a public yaim. If tho Police Minister thought that all danger and anxiety wore over lie was mistaken. The first thing he was informed of on his arrival home was that the woman Baba had escaped out of prison, and was nowhere to be found. Ho did not make very much of. the in formation, but ho might have treated it more seriously had he known that she had since been in, the bedroom where the two dead women who personated the and Ada Bayard lay. CHAPTER XXXV. WHAT OCC0EBED AT THE FUNERAL. The funeral of the supposed Princess Olga was a magnificent and imposing spectacle, as indeed it was intended to he. The procession set out at ten in the morning from the Olga Palace, hound for the very cemetery to which the Princess had in reality been conveyed so short a time previously. All the streets through which the pro cossion.was to pass were strewed with green twigs, and branches, chiefly of yew and pine. It was preceded by a number of chor isters clad in cassocks and short white frocks, having red crosses embroidered' on their backs. These carried lighted candles and obanted Euneral hymns. They wore followed by a score of priests in black chasubles, and then came the Archbishop of St. Petersburg, in a long silk cope stiff with silver embroidery, and wearing a silver mitre upon his head. He was supported by an Archimandrite on either side, clad in scarlet robes, and then camo more ecclesiastical dignitaries, some bearing banners, and some waving smoking censers. Next followed the hearse, drawn by sis white horses. It was open, but above it carved wood work rose somewhat in the shape of an imperial crown, on the apex of which an augel was poised with wings expanded, and blowing the Judgment trump. Within lay the two coffins — the Pxincess' uppermost. Both were cov ered with pink-velvet, and adorned with silver ornaments — the Princess' of course, most massively. There was no pall. After the hearse came a group of the lessor clergy, carrying immense candles, and chanting the Hymn of the Aspasmus. Lastly, and at a very safe distance from aiiy risk of infection, came a long string of carriages, their emptiness in many in stances showing that idle compliment alone was the occasion of thoir presence there. Only one seemed to contain a real mourner. It was that in which Sir Harry Gordon sat, who himself looked not un like a corpse. Slowly the sham and impious pro cession traversed the streets, and quitted the capital of the Czar by the Moscow gate. Then along the straight, marsh bordered, gloomy road beyond, until at last tho cemetery was reached, when the coffins were taken out of tho hearse and conveyed into tho mural chapel, which the reader has already visited under such widely different circumstances. A platform, two steps in height, and about six feet in length by four in breadth, covered with crimson velvet fringed with gold, was ereoted near the altar, and on this the coffins were laid side by side. Six tall wax candles, in immense 'gilded candlesticks, wero then placed .around the velvet-covered platform and lighted. By them all the tapers that the wind had blown out were reillumined, and the candles upon the altar being, also lighted up, the whole chapel seemed to be filled with a soft and silvery radiance. The priests now arranged themselves on one side of the altar, and the choristers on the other ; the Archbishop took his seat on a velvet colored chair in the centre of the church, with a scarlet-robed Archimandrite on either side of him, and a group of deacons and sub-deacons clustering darkly in his rear. A pall of cloth of gold, on which was embroidered a huge silver cross, was brought and thrown loos'ely over the two coffins, and the solemn Mass for the Dead was com menced, with all tho usual alternations of singing, praying, scattering the fumes of fragment incense from silver censers, carrying to and fro of the Holy Euchar ist, tho silver-bound book of the Gospels, and the Cross. The Archbishop himself was celebrant ; and when it was over his seat was re moved to the head of the coffins, and twelve of tho inferior clergy, in , their black sacerdotal habits, ranged them selves around in a narrow circle, hold ing their great lighted candles aloft. Then cns.ued a more aolemu and lugu brious chant than any of the preceding, and at its conclusion the Archbishop standing up pronounced a few sentences in a kind of deep-toned recitative. He ?was answered in the same manner by a priest on his right, and in turn by another on his left, and. so on by all those who stood around. This part oE the ceremony was very striking and impressive. When it also was ended, the two coffins were lifted, and the platform being removed from be neath them, discovered under it a yawn ing vault. Into it they were lowered one by odc, the Princess' last. The grey-haired, venerable-looking pre late advanced, pronounced a final prayer, and threw a handful of earth down on each of them. A loud wailing cry from all present rose to the groined roof of the sacred fane— once, twice, thrice repeated; but on the third occasion, high above the voices of the priests and choristers, .rang an eldrich laugh, as wild and frenzied as the shriek of the fabulous Banshee, and everyone glanoing round at the strange interruption, in order to discover its cause, behold standing on the threshold of the chapel a tall woman with dishevelled hair and filth- grimed face and hands, holding aloft in one of those hands a delicate satin boot, and in the other a naked human foot. So appalling a spectacle seemed to strike terror into the.hcartof all. The foot had evidently .been either wronohod or broken off at the ankle joirft; and thon a not too sharp-cutting instru ment had been used to complete the oper ation. It was indeed a ghastly-looking relic of mortality. Such a contrast to the exquisite little satin high-heeled boot that the woman grasped in her other hand. Again the wild, weird .laugh broke forth. ' Ha ! ha ! ha !' she yelled. ' It is well for the pauper to bo laid in the vault of the rich, instead of being launched into the common pit. It is a grand thing for the dying serf to bp shifted from the hospital planks and laid in tho feather bed of a Princess' palace. Whom, have yo buried with sung Mass and with solemn chant, ye t.impservers and hypocrites ? Why, serfs and slaves no better than what I am. iE so good indeed, if so good.' Then singling out Sir Harry Gordon, she pushed her way towards him, the crowd recoiling with horror to right and to left as she advanced, and thrusting the dninty boot and gory foot almost under his nose, continued — ' You had not the eyes for the girl that you pretended to love that her mother's faithful servant and tho nurse of her babyhood had, or you would not have been deceived by a monster and a villain. Behold, that is Ada Bayard's boot, and that is tho foot of the wench by whoso bedside you wept this morning, and whose hair you still treasure. Do you think that the one would go inside the other P Bah, that foot could not go inside one of your own boots, for it is tho clumsy hoof of a Finland peasant girl accustomed to go shoeless half her life.' 'In heaven's name how got you it? And, and your voice seems to be strangely familiar to me. I have heard it before, and not long ago either.' ' Ay, it - was no longer ago than the night before last. At the risk of my life I came to your English Embassy to warn you that mischief was intended to her you loved ; but before I had got out half that I intended to say three police agents stopped the rest. They took me to prison, but I escaped, how doesn't matter. I flew back to the palace where my old mistress' child was in danger, The black flag and the plague fires didn't scare mo— not they. I got in by frighten ing the policeman at the one open door with strange sounds, and the pretending that I was a ghost Ha! ha! ha! it couldn't be expected that he should think a human being would enter such a lazar house voluntarily. But I did — I did. I went up into the rooms where two hours before I have seen the Princess and Miss Ada looking as bright, and healthy, and beautiful as two angels could have done, and when I saw them lying dead and plague-spotted in their beds, with the awful flour over their faces, I knew that it was too soon ! — too soon ! For tho Princess I cared little, there had never been any love lost between us ; but my feelings for Miss Ada Bayard were very different. I uncovered the feet of the corpso that was meant to pass for her. The face was paci all recognition, and so were the hands , and arms, but the the corruption had not yet extended to the feet. The instantr/that- I set eyes on them I detected the imposture. I got one of them off; how, I know not — for at the time I was mad ; but there it is to show to ths world that I speak truly. Got that little boot on it who can. Why, it will hardly go over the toes; and that, that is one of Miss Ada's boots, I would swear to it were I dying.' ' There has been some inf ornal villany at work. I believe every word that this poor woman has said. I insist that the body of my young countrywoman — I mean' that of tho girl who was made to personate her — be exhumed !' said Sir Harry Gordon, in a frenzy of passion. ' Such' a thing dare not be done without a special license trom the Minister of Police,' replied the Archbishop in quaver ing tones. ' The Minister of Police is a fiend in carnate. I feel it, I know it,' retorted Sir Harry. ' He must have connived at all this deception for some vile and im famous purpose of his own.' ' Hush, have a care ; you do not know whom you brave, or you would not speak so unguardedly,' whispered a voice in the attache's ear. It was one of tho priests, and the warn ing was no doubt kindly meant.' Sir Harry took no hoed of it. however. ' My poor woman,' said ho, ' where could you have been hidden when I was in the chamber of death this morning, for you seem to have observed all that I did ?' ' I was in the next room. Did you hoar an ornament fall and break ?' ' A vase P Yes ! It was dashed from the top of a cabinet by some means.' ' My skirt did it, as in my terror I sought a place of concealment.' 'And where did you find one? The Prince made a close search.' ' Up the narrow funnel of the stove. I thought that I'd never have got down again. That is why I am so black and filthy. Ha! ha! I quitted not the premises until I saw the two women laid in their coffins. The police were too fear ful of catching the contagion to notice that the foot of one o£ them was gone. They put them in their dandy coffins, rolled up in sheets, anyhow. W'hen they had been borne out of the palace, I fuessed that the sentry at the door would e withdrawn. You see, I could not have got past him as a ghost in broad daylight. He was gone, and I got out. Through alloys and back streets I gained the open country, and I am hero. Englishman— I forget your name— take these evidences of an unknown crime. It is the only clue that I can offor you. Here, I will tear off a strip of tho skirt of my dress to ?wrap the foot up in. 'Tis a hideous thing, I know, and it may not be an over safe one to carry about with you; but once inside a jar of spirits of wine 'it cau hurt no one, and it may lead you on the path of vengeance much surer and swifter thau a living one.; Perhaps .it' may. have its own wrongs! ^toayengo as well.' . .,-,... ' It shall avengo mino and hers any way,' exclaimed' Sir Harry.' ' That is to say, if retributive justice is to bo ob tained in' Russia.' ' God alone knows. Heaven and the Czar are alike afar off,' moaned the woman. ? 'You must.be defended from all ill consequences at all events. You shall return to St. Petersburg in the same car riage with mo. Onco there, tho flag of the British Embassy shall protect you.' ' Alas, it can protect me no more than her, Miss Ada, I moan. Wo are both Russian subjects, and as such amenable to its laws,' wailed Baba. ' No, no,' gasped Sir Harry ; ' Miss Bayard is no subject of tho Czar.1 ' Would to God thut sho was not, for then the might of England could perhaps overshadow hor. But she was born after her father's naturalisation. I was thoir house servant at tho time, and remember well all about it. I am not afraid to tell it you before all these people, for it may be important that you should know it, and they can tell the Police Minister nothing that ho has not already got re corded in his books. I will toll you more. I will tell you how the Princess' roof came to cover her. Ha !' The last ejaculation was caused by the suddon appearance upon tho scone of a couple' of men in long brown greatcoats and flat-topped shining leather caps. They came hastily across the chapel floor and seized hold of Baba by either arm. 'Unhand that woman,' exclaimed Sir Harry, peremptorily. The two men looked surprised, and ono of them said politely in French, 'We must do our duty, sir. This poor woman is an escaped lunatic.' ' Yes, sue must bo a lunatic,' chorused almost the entire assemblage. ' 'Tis false !' cried tho attache, drawing bis slim Court rapier ; ' I will protect her ivith my life. I believe in the truth of 3very syllable sho has uttered.' ' Make not an attempt to protect mo, sir. For God's sako_ 'give no excuse now jr hereafter for your own arrest, or how ivill you be able to, serve herP Your life is not your own, your liberty is not your own, and thero are those who will soon be thirsting after both. Attempt to use your sword, and thero are a hundred present who will seize vou by the arms and deliver you over to what is called justice in this miserable land.' ' Go then quietly,' said the attache, re sheathing his weapon, 'and go with a good heart,' he added. 'Your wrongs and your fidelity shall be laid before tho Czar, and that before the world is three hours older.' The two pen seemed rather discom posed at this announcement, and those who stood around to regard it with con siderable surprise. ' I assure you, sir,' said one of them, in politer tones than over, ' that this woman escaped last night from tho St. Mario lizza Lunatic Asylum, whore sho had been/a patient for more than five years) She^wontl'mad1- from a kick oh'the h'oa'd dQliyere'bt'VHer, by a drunken and brutal husband.-v'Her name is Gotchoff, and you will find her case duly reported in the Police Ihdtx. There is no need to trouble the Emperor about such a matter.' . ? ? 1 No need at all,' came a clamorous chorus of voices again. ' Your explanation needs no reply/ said Sir Harry, with cold dignity, 'your priso ner implores me not to hinder your re moval of her, or bo assured1 that I should place every possible obstacle in your way. See you treat her well, however, or bitterly will you rue it. Remember that ere sunset she will be as free as either you or I.' The two men bowed, and led Baba un resistingly away. ?? Some one whispered to them, however, as they passed along, and presently ono of them returned alone and said to the attache : — ' The woman informs me that you have something of hers. I must request you to give it up. Thoro are two articles, and you placed them in your pocket.' ' My good fellow, do you believe that I am really so simple as to comply with your demand P Those two articles that you speak so lightly of are the evidences of a diabolical crime, and I assuredly keep them by me until that crime is ex posed and punished — no matter whether the wrongdoer be His Highness tho Police Minister, or the lowest peasant in tho realm. You have had my answer. Go.' But the man did not go. On the con trary, addressing the crowd of laymen and ecclesiastics, he said in furious tones : — ' In the name of tho law I command you to assist me. The lunatic has stolen a boot from the daughter of the gover nor's bod-room, and she has furthermore committed sacrilege by cutting off and carrying away the foot of a dead hospital patient. That gentleman has both of these articles- in his possession, and must not be suffered to retain them.' ' The consequences might be too serious to your master, the Police Minister, eh P Well, you will not obtain them, anyhow. I am an attachd of the British Embassy, and, as such, am privileged from arrest until a formal complaint has been lodged with the Ambassador. Dare to violate this rule by as much as laying a hand on my person, and mayhap, as a conse quence, you may within a month hear the British cannon thundering afresh against your sea defences at Croristadt, and as you have not repaired them since the late war, 24 hours later you may witness a British Army parading the streets of your capital. In that case, good-bye to the knout, to slavery, and an infamous police alike.' There can bo no doubt that this bold speech saved Sir Harry from having tho evidonces of an atrocious crime that Baba had given him forcibly taken away again, As it was,' the disguised policeman growled . something and ? slunk ,6f£ .; .the 'ecclesiastical cbrt(5gd' reformed itself into something , like order, 'and quitted tho chapel; 'the oarriages began to come up to receive their respective occupants ; and in less than an' hour all parties concerned in tho mock funeral had reached their homes, full of wonder at what they had seen arid heard. :' ?i-(To be continued.) ? .?..-. ?? . 