f^E STOriY TELLER, Sounding on an Old C&um.; By-aud-by, borne upoa the 'wann ?night air, cause the harbinger of man's lordly presence- -tobacco fame.* ; and soon from her hiding-place she s;iw the two men, Pat and Harvey Derame, coining :ijotig the path. Her heart thivbliing with the sudden joy of Geeiug '»iin %vlio had been uppermost in her thoughts, she dfeW back into the shjuhiw until tbev passed. As they approached Devalue was Saying — ** Your ideas, ray dear fellow, won't do (or the present nge. hi fact, I don't belli1 ve thry ever applied to men arid women living in the world. Out away in the backwoods of America I can understand a D:uby-aud-Jo:ui existence. In the world, in society, where a man meets with so much temptation, I affirm it's impossible,' ' I tlon't ?ee it,' was Pat'n curfc and dojr^d reply. *' My tfoar Mostyh, said l)evaine, seating hi'nself on the bench j-nst tuidenje.-itii Conny's watch-tower, **-on never do see things in the same ]ij-'bt ;js otlier people. Vonr ideas oi honour, tnith, bu-ii»ess, marriage, are ail veiy fine, but simply not piMCtical. Who but you would evf-.r dream of bullying me iibont iitUo Ada ? Did 1 j seo1-: hor out ? What i-. a uiiui to do if th' women are sneb con.-mumiate asses ? They iiru .ill alike ; they never m-t ir u til Sliev net. a fcliow in thfir toils ; jiuil, wmpii he grows weary of i\u- jnkoT t hi y kick up the deuces own shindy, aiid be.i*i-i to rivo stboufe man's ino:i.-t:iiH-y and Sfclfi?liucss, Con ataucy, by Jove ! ' — hen; he laughed jiinnsc-dly. ?' I don't believe a man coal'! be- constant if he tried.' ' Y- s. 3'ch,' :':.' crmptfjd Pat gravely as he too ppatod himself — ' that is all very fine in the ' iight-o-love' nfiuirs wen indulge in ; but when it applies touisrriagp, to that partner ship for life il i.Iters the case. ' ' Not a bit,' persisted Pevaine. ' I tpll you, li;irvey, that when a man marries a woman, taking her to be his help-nuuc, to share his lot for better fov vuvse, in riches aud in poverty, and oy to doing, t-aites worn n«jr every ] other cliaucc in the world — setting aside all religious c:-iit mid maudlin sentiment — I say he is pledged to her as sacredly as nhe to him ; and, to my juiufi, b'-iiig uufitithful to a wife is as dastardly ami dishonourable as rouud iug on a chum.' As Pat delivered himself of this opinion, energetically enforcing each word with a wave of his meerschaum, he rose to his feet and strode ou. leaving Dtvaine stretched cut at full lougtH-ou (]jo seal, Lis-uJbow «uj-]?G3-t- ing liio h.-iiid^onid head, his cig-ir between 3iis lips, which were earlcd with an aumsK-t! ;n;d pitying tiui.e. With one swift {.'lance *t the man lying below,- and a long wistful look at Pal's receding figure, Cvuny tinned and swiftly but noiselessly retraced her steps homewards. 'There— I knew it would be! You're sis white as a ghost, A nice cold yon wisl bate to-morrow. Did you hear- th-- nightingale sing ?' 'Is'o, dear, but heard a raven cro.-.k. Is papa in bed? Good night,' 'Then this is your final answer ?'* j The speaker was Harvey Devaine, who pale even to his lips was standing in the parlour of A^btou Cottage, having just taken up Lis hat as il to go. *?' Yes, Mr, Dsvaine,- ' was Connys lo« but finxt reply. 'Then, Miss Sinclair, 1 compliment you upon being the laott perfect coquette it Las over been my honour to know.' This taunt only served to bow i Conny's head a little lower, and to ; bring the Lot blood rushing over face and neck. ' Goosl morning.' ' Good morning,' she just governed her trembling lips t-- answer ; but the moment the door hnd closed she threw herself in a corner of the sofa, and cried as though her he&tt; would break. Three wpeks bad papsed by aud Pat l'jfid u--! put ill at! iippearfiDCS at Asliton Cottage. Frauk and Mrs. Kiuclair. brought home his excuses for' not having called. Bis plea was unusual pressure of business. Conn j scarcely missed him at first by imton of ibo hard buttle tiie was Louriy fighting with herself ; but, like the tine brave girl she was- she nerer fiiiiohed from the contest, but, facing the trouble, did h*x btst to overcome it. At last Pat — w*!o 3iad not seen j JDtYsiiiifi since the morning foiiowing ; the boating -xctuf.ion. tdien Jie, P;;t left ior bui-iuess with the knowledge of ', what DeYiiine'e purpose Wiis in remain ing for a latt-t trnin — madf- up Lis ; ftiirw tlat^ as the thiuj! Jud to b« At'-vc, aiin not beiiijr a.b!f» to frame tsnx move excuses for keeping away, he would get the meeting with C'ouny cxf'Y ; so in a most cowardly state of jniud he weat across to AsLtoii Coi-Uge. | He heA waited until it was dubk i before he ventured to trnst his ieli- \ ?tale face to the Fcrntiny of Cmiuj's-^*. , \ ? aiitl icr-fct likely i?cvfl.iijft\s^-ke- u eyes. i.. Patsiug jouiid ibe ^artleu to ll}«? back' I'', of. the hoiisc, wbcie the fcittit-^room '. ^as. in v.hk-h the-o?d people alusoi-t j \- invariably jfl«yed'tii:eir evaning game j of fiu--lt;, to hU bUipribe there 6at I Conuy alone, reading by the light ol the lamp, whicii shed, to his thinking, a pallor over her dear facp; For one moment he meditated flight, he never wotiid. be able to go through the iorm of congratulation which would be expected of him. Just then Coiiuy riisod her head and he was seen. As he stepped through the Fri'iich window, she rose hasteh', and, putting out both hands, exclaimed— ' Oli, Pat, 1 am so glad to see you again !' The glow of pleasure that spread ovrr her fnce— *v?hich Was tbinuer and p?iler than when he last saw it he mistook for eeger delight to im part her sweet secret to one whom she regarded as a brother. Holding her baud, very tenderly iu his own, lie said looking wistfully into the beautiful grey yees— **f!nmiv I bnvfi bppi.i iv Kail r.nwivjvl. Do you know I could not summon up tlie coni'Age to coLae mid wish you '? Wiffa — me— Joy ?' sho ee3ioe-l slowly and wondcringly. ' Oh !' A sudden liglit skeined to dawn u^on her ' Pat you are ail wrong,' she said, with a faint approach to her old saucy smile.' \- The bauds that Pat held were grasped so hard as to cause her pain. i^oijiiv. uuij t juive, uni ten me — tell rue— did not Devalue ? 'As he hesitated, s-he supplied the words, ?' Ask me to b^ his wife ! Yes.' ' And you Couuy ? ' — ** I refused him Pat.' 41 Thank He.-ivea !' said Pat fervently, pressing the dear hands [lastioijatdy to his lips, ' Aiii^i! !.'' was Couny's low and -oleiun antjWfr. ' And now, Pat' — and all her bright manner returned — ' come and sit down and tell me — ' ' Wait a minute, Couny,' said he, ..itiiOui rciiij-y.vii.oiii^jj her Lauds ; *' I want you to tell me something else. *' ' What is it, Put ?' ' If— if I were to'— the tender voice grew husky in its intensity—' to ask you the s;iine question that ])ev.-iue fliti,- what would Tour answer be?' ' vVJiy, Pat. my answer would be' —here she disengaged one of the im prisoned bands, ;iutl laying it confi dentiy on his shcuiuer, looked gravely and traiikl3T into his face — ?' Yes.' Aud Co-juv never regretted having given her liie into the Keeping1 of the man who .-corned the ideaof ?* Eoukd ikg on an Old Chum.' Concluded. 