AMERICA. THE CENTENNIAL OF HIERARCHY. THE The Centennial of the Hierarchy i: the United States was celebrated by series of meetings held at Baltimore in November. The proceedings were reported at great length, and the Baltimore American gave a record extending oTer thirty- one closely printed cdumns. They were of the most splendid and imposing character, and were opened at Baltimore upon Sunday, the 10th of November. They were attended by an immense gathering of Catholics, which included a representative of the Holy See, Archbishop Satolli, who had been sent from Rome for the purpose, two American cardinals, Gibbons and Tascherean, 14 archbishops, 70 bishops, upwards of 1000 priests, and many thousands of laymen. At the close of the Pontifical High Mass, which was celebrated in the Cathe dral Church of St. Mary in Balti more, a sermon was preached by the eloquent Archbishop Ryan, who dwelt upon the singular progress which Catholicity had made in America during the past century, and refuted in powerful language the charges so often and so falsely brought against the Church that she is an enemy to science and to process. At the banquet which followed in St. Mary's Seminary speeches were delivered by the Papal delegate, the cardinals and others, and letters of conf ratulation from Cardinal Manning, rchbishop Walsh, and other prelates were read, as was also a telegram from the Pope. In the evening the Cathedral, which was illuminated from basement to dome, iniide and outside, with electric lights, was again filled with a vast throng. Solemn Vespers were sung, and a sermon preached by Archbishop Ireland. On the Monday and Tuesday following the first American Catholic Congress held its sittings in the Convention Hall of the Concordia Opera House, at Baltimore. It wfes opened by Mass at the Cathedral, at which the two cardinals attended, the sermon being preached by Archbishop G-ross, of Oregon. Fifteen hundred delegates were present, many of them being men of eminence in the political and social world, and numerous papers were read during the long sittings, which lasted with but little interruption from ten o'clock in the morning till six o'clock in the evening of each day. On Tuesday a committee of the Catholic Congress waited upon thePresident at Washington, and received in reply to their address an expression of regret that his official duties prevented him from attending at the sessions of the Congress at Baltimore, and a promise that he would be present at the opening of the Catholic University at Washington oil the following day. The report of the resolutions of the Congress has been already summarised, and dealt, as our readers will remember, with all the principal matters affecting the interests of religion in America. In the evening a reception was held by the Papal representative and the cardinals, ana was very numerously attended. The next Congress has been fixed for 1892. On the following Wednesday, in the midst of very unpropitious weather, took wace the opening of the Catholic University of Washington. The ceremony was attended by all the prelates who had been present at the centennial 'Celebrations; but, owing to the persistent rain, it had to be shorn of a >portion of the splendour by which it would otherwise have been distinguished. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by Mgr. Satolli, the Papal 'delegate, and the sermon preached by Bishop Gilmonr of Ohio. At the dinner which followed Bishop Eeane, the rector, proposed the health of the Po; ®t the same time reading a cab.. n which conveyed the blessing and rcongratulations of the Holy Father. Secretary Blaine was present, as was »«o for a portion of the time the President, who took his seat between Cardinal vnbbons and the Papal representative, many messages arrived from foreign prelates andotner sympathisers, and were' «ad aloud daring the dinner. At its ? J?* 116 ® presentation of i «<ut of St Thomas, die gift of the Eng- JMh colony in Rome, and later on the normal inauguration of the university was, «med out. -On the Thursday, the Baltimore day," the visitors who had wen preaent at the. centennial celebration were shown over the city of Baltiand the celebration was brought to ••close by a reception given by Cardinal Gibbons in i his .Cathedral .Qathpdral city. titv. ttSFto^En* ^tteep"'' Outfitting' Established. %r:S Ib(>Q ra <, b Messrs.Lincoln, 8toart and anifcw?'Ttoy make of up a reallygood Bojs' Ctotttag, thech^L?^'^1^8 JTokery, etc.. U it SSwG?*' ia JUltoBniB. Everr article fa sold, »?">lcMla Prioaa. Jitfan ud gelf-' "rr^wtST A^f 0 8 fegw ** a * a ' **** treQOD . 