METHOD IN PREACHING. BYKEV. D. W. SIMON, D.D. There is a right and a wrong way of doing everything. By which is meant that if a man wants to accomplish a task or attain an end, he may set about it either in a. fit or in an unfit way ; he may use suitable or unsuitable means; he may take a straight or a crooked route to it. Method is a matter of the utmost importance. It is often the secret of the difference between a successful and an unsuccessful man. Not the energy put forth, not the good will, not the perseverance, not the motive or aim ; but just simply method. We recognize the principle in mechanical work. A labour-saving machine is such in virtue of its method. What makes one machine better than another—I mean of course as a machine, apart from its mere workmanship—is its better method;—it accomplishes the same work mpre easily, more speedily, more directly, with less expenditure of energy. The same principle holds good elsewhere—of work that cannot be done by machines—of hand work, of work of the intellect, of moral and spiritual work. Preaching is a kind of work, and there is a good and bad way of doing it; that is, of using our energy and means. I mean good and bad, not in the moral sense, but in the sense in which the words are used of ordinary work. But in this case, aB in others, our method must be determined by the end we have in view. It may seem indeed as though preaching were preaching, and that as long as a man earnestly, faithfully, persistently sets forth the things which all allow to be the great theme of the pulpit, he has done all he can do. And it may also be urged that the result of preaching, that is, the attainment of the preacher's aim, depends not on him and his methods—some would say not even on his personal relation to what he preaches —but on the co-operation of the HoJy Ghost, I would be the last to under- estimate the importance of the things just referred to ; yea, 1 know perfectly well that sometimes the feeblest and least skilful of men are used to produce the most amazing results. But, rightly considered, this is no reason for slighting the subject of method. As already remarked, the preacher's method should be determined by the end he has in view ; that is, by the particular end he may be aiming at in any particular case. I suppose the general end of preaching is, or should be, the same in all cases, namely, to briDg men into right relations to God—to God directly, and to God indirectly through the system of things to which they belong. But within the general aim there are more specific aims ; and within what we may call the, general method, there are specific methods. It is with these latter I am now concerned. I take for granted that the preacher should have some specific end in view in most sermons, if not in every sermon. If a man aims at nothing in particular, he is very likely to hit nothing in particular. How far preachers preach without specific aim, and with merely the general aim of which I spoke, it is not for me to say. I have heard some at all events which reminded me of the' certain man who drew a bow at a venture :' but they were not as fortunate as the man mentioned in KiDgs—they did not hit even a common soldier, much less a leader. If a man has no particular end to reach he will not be likely to adopt any definite mode of reaching it—he will be more like a man out for a saunter, than one who is running a race. Let us assume then that the preacher should mostly, if not always, be aiming at a definite result. We all know that as preachers we have to make our appeal in the first instance to the 'intelligence or intellect of our hearers : but I question whether we pay sufficient heed to the fact that the human intellect has to discharge two very distinct functions ; or remember that our preaching will probably have very different results according as we call the one or the other function into action. The intellect is both a means to an end beyond itself, and an end to itself. Its primary business is to be alight, a guide, for the body and for the heart; it rondors to man-the same services that instinct renders to the lower animals. It is the medium through which ho uncurtains the existence, whereabouts,, and nature of tlmt which nourishes the life, and stimulates the action, moots the needs, and 'desires of his bodily and RpiriUial nature. Its next business iB to supply itself with nutriment, and foster its own activity; and this it duon by the search for and investigation of truth. Hero itIH it* own end. When exercising this function it stops to tjuuHlion, to analyse, to discuss everything that in prcHuntud to it. It is both means and eud, I do not of coursu nioun to say that these two functions are distinct and separate—even as distinct as, for example, seeing and hearing, or digestion and secretion, or the action of the lungs and that of the heart: they very often run into each other; yea, they often ifaterfere with each other, especially in spiritual matters ; but still, broadly considered, the distinction exists and has an important bearing on our work as preachers. Well, now what is that bearing ? When we purpose making our appeal to the intellect of our hearers on behalf of spiritual verities, we should settle in our minds which function we intend to call into play—whether the receptive, or the reflective function as they may also be termed, and should order our appeal accordingly. Here, too, let me disclaim imagining that all depends on the preacher. Do what he will, sometimes he may excite the one function when his aim was the other ; but we are more likely to succeed if we make an effort, than if we made none. Corresponding to these two functions are two great aims of the preacher—one the aim to generate, develop, and guide spiritual life and activity ; the other, to quicken, develop, and train thought and enquiry ; in one word, the practical and the theoretical or scientific aim. Let us look for a minute or two at each of these by itself. Let us suppose that you are desirous of bringing your hearers to Christ, which in our view is the one and only means of generating spiritual life, how are you going to set to work ? If your hearers as yet have no true sense of being spiritually needy and sick unto death, and therefore do not appreciate eirher the use of Christ or their own danger, clearly your first effort should be directed to bringing them to a consciousness of their real state. You must appeal to them on the Subjects of sin and holiness, of death and life. How will you do it? Which intellectual function will you, call into play? Have we not all of us heard {sermons obviously intended, sincerely intended, to make men see their sinfulness, feel their guilt, tremble at their peril, which were largely taken up with definitions of sin, analyses of the feeling which a sinner has, and the like. Can you imagine anything less fitted to attain its end. The preacher of such sermons at once calls the scientific function into play. Instead of which his aim being to affect the heart, to make the man see himself on the practical side, he should have kept that function as far as possible in abeyance. How then should he have gone to work ? Each man will and should do it m his own way as to detail; but as to prin- ciple I am sure you will all agree with me when I say that he should set before the man the picture of what a man should be, and contrast therewith what the man is ; he should describe as vividly as possible the glorious results of purity and godliness, and contrast them with the terrors of death and hell and so forth. In a word, he must not be asked to investigate, but forccd to contemplate. The preacher's next step clearly is to appeal to the sinner to trust in Christ as his Saviour from sin and death, as the source of holiness and life. What shall be liis plan? Would you advise him to preach a sermon in explanation of the nature of Christ'B person, or on the theory or doctrine of the atonement? I trow not. The effect of doing so would be, or certainly ought to be, to set the sinner cn investigation, to turn him for the time being into a sort of scientific enquirer, may be, I grant, in a very small way, but still in its measure. Probably he is left simply puzzled. If he is brought to Christ, the preacher's method cannot be praised for it; but most likely he will be left unmoved. Instead of which Christ should have been vividly presented as the living personal Saviour in all his willingness and fitness and ability to save; and the preacher's own witness to his saving power should have been used to press home his claims. That is how you would proceed in other cases. What do you do when your friend is ill and you believe you know a physician who is able to cure him ? Do you enter into an analysis and discussion of the true nature of a medical man, of medicine, and the like. Absurd I you would reply. No, you tell your friend what you know and have heard of the physician's skill, conscientiousness, and successes, and if he had cured you, you would add your personal testimony, saying, Try him. Look at this same thing from another point of view. You want your fellow sinners to believe in Christ, to entrust themselves to His saving grace. Am I misrepresenting when I say that too frequently preachers who yearn to get men to do this, begin by carefully discussing the nature of saving faith? You might as well describe the nature of savingly taking medicine to a man who is ill. Till a sinner has actually believed unto salvation, he will not understand your description, be it ever so clear and correct. It is little better than describing a sunset to a blind man. You may illustrate the act of faith, if you like, by analogous acts with which the man is acquainted, which he has already performed, but don't go into its psychology. What needs to be done is—supposing the man to be aware of his need—so to set forth the power and readiness of Christ as a Saviour ; His grace and patience and love ; that the cry shall be drawn from him, ' Lord, I believe, help thou mine unbelief.' Have you never learnt that to trust is aB natural for most men as to breathe 1 What is needed is to bring home to theifc needy soul the glorious and blessed trustworthiness of the Saviour. That is how the great Evangelists succeed—not by analysing faith, and distinguishing it from hope, and so forth. might further illustrate this part of my theme ; but I must pass on. The sum of what I have to say on this point is this : If your aim is to bring about a practical relation between Christ and the soul, appeal to the intelligence of your hearers on its rjceptive side. In other words, so depict their needs, and Him as able and willing to meet their needs, that they shall feel no disposition to enquire into the how and why, but simply be eager to lay hold of Him and be saved. We all know what this attitude of mind is in other departments. Have we not listened ourselves and seen others listening to men who so pictured, described, praised the subject in hand, that the critical spirit in us was completely laid, and involuntarily we began to desire and resolve to do or get what they were setting forth to us. There are preachers who have this power; and if you study their method —perhaps adopted instinctively, as is generally the case with the born preacher—you will find that they so I absorb the attention and concentrate the thought of their hearers on the object, i.e., on Christ, that questions cannot arise, and His influence goes as directly to the heart and "will as light passes .without refraction through pure and well made glass. I have hitherto had in my mind hearers who are little or not at all troubled with intellectual question* ings or curiosity, and who for the most part only need arousing from carelessness or indifference. These form the vast majority of most congregations. Persons in whom ' the native hue of resolution is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,' form, I believe, a very small minority of our hearers. Still there is doubtless a sprinkling of this latter class, though I fear that some of them are persons whose chief interest in doubts is to excuse indecision. Men who are in this state of mind must clearly be approached in a different way—sometimes, at all events. Inasmuch as they are troubled with intellectual questions, i.e., inasmuch as their intellect demands a measure of its own, before it will let itself be simply receptive, you will need first to call the reflective function into play. Or, what is in very many cases far better, you may so present the verities by which the heart and will are to be influenced, as coin' cidcntly to silence, or not awaken the questions of the intellect. This, I must allow, is not easy ; but it is well worth study and trial; and this is the method which, consciously or unconsciously, some of the best preachers in their best moods have pursued. Anticipate difficulties by your mode of putting what you have to say. This, in fact, is often the very best apology. Frequently it is a false or mistaken point of view, of some groundless preconception, that prevents earnest men from permitting the truth to exert its power over their minds. Should it, however, be necessary to face their difficulties, then you must clearly do your best to awaken and stimulate the scientific interest. Here, of course, you become the teacher, the reasoner ; you have to forge arguments ; you have to use logic. When you have done with your arguments, you may appeal to the other side of the intellect, but it is not wise to mix up the two things. Above all, refrain from assuming an authoritative, dogmatic tone when you are reasoning with men. The two things are incompatible. When you are bearing witness to what you know, it is right to speak with authority; when you are arguing you should speak as an equal to an equal. But it is not only the questions of the undecided and unbelieving that you have to meet—no, the decided and believing also have their questions—though these latter are very different from the former. The undecided to whom 1 have just been referring, when the claims of Christ are pressed upon them, ask, ' Why should we believe and yield?' The decided want to know the reason of the hope that is in them, to understand the how of the experiences they aTe already going through, to have an explanation of the power that Christ is having over their life. These are two widely differing attitudes, though both imply that the theoretical or scientific function of the intellect has been called into play. Christianity does not slight the claim of the intellect to be an end to itself. It recognises the craving after truth for our own sake as one of the noblest characteristics of our nature. Nay, indeed it is Christianity itself that has stirred the human intellect to its deepest depths by the glimpses it has given of the vaster, grander, profounder, and more intricate relations and concatenations of the universe. It stimulates enquiry by showing men the problems that need solving. Least of all does it withdraw itself from investigation ; nay, indeed, it makes such investigation a duty, treats it as a necessity. And the restless spirit of enquiry that characterizes the present day, instead of being a cause of alarm, should rather be hailed as a proof that, to use the words of Milton, ' this noble and puissant race is rousing itself like a strong man after sleep, and shaking its invincible locks; that as an eagle it is mewing its mighty youth and kindling its undazzled eyes at the full midday beam' of Him who, being the sun of righteousness, is the light and life of men. As preachers it is a part of our business to foster in- * tellectual enquiry, i.e. the search of the intellect into the treasures of wisdom and knowledge that are hid in Christ—hid, that is, in order to be found. The treasures are not thrown in our way; the thing to be found can only be found by him who searches. There is no such thing as ready-made explanation. It is the very essence of understanding that it should be gained by at least the co-operation of him who aims at it. Phrases and formulas may be manufactured for you and learnt by rote ; but it would be as reasonable to expect another to digest your food for you as to look to another to solve for you the problems of the intellect without your co-operation. If our aim then is to meet the wants of the intellect relatively to Christian truth, what are we to do 1 Evidently we must put the subject we are handling in such a way as to excite curiosity and enquiry. Herein, as indeed also, relatively to the former paTt of our business, we may take a leaf out of the book of lecturers on natural science. »Vatch for example a good teacher of chemistry. He begins with reminding his hearers of some common object —say, salt or chalk or water. He then performs experiments on or with them. Whilst doing these things he takes pains to awaken curiosity and to suggest such questions as—How does this or that take place ? What is the cause of this or that effect ? Why does this or that change occur ? Then his audience is prepared to listen to his scientific theories or hypotheses. If he were to begin with, or confine himself to theory, they might sit still, but most of them would be uninterested, would fail to co-operate, and would go away as wise as they came. KiB art as a teacher is to make his hearers want his explanation. I venture to think that this should in essence be our method when we are engaged in this part of our work. But you may ask, How 1 We have nothing to show ; we cannot perform spiritual experiments. Quite true; but still our method may be the same. Let me try to give an illustration. We wish to interest our people, say, in the Atonement, i.e. in its theory or explanation. When I say our people, I mean of course those who are already believers ; for I don't see how it is possible to explain the atonement to one who has not come into contact with and felt the influence of the act. What should be our first step ? Put the objective features of the case : tell of the person of Christ, of the prophecies of a suffering Messiah, of His forebodings and declarations, of His character, of the crucifixion, of the ideas of His disciples before and after the resurrection, and so on. Put these things before their minds in such, wise as to awaken curiosity regarding the how and why, then remind them of their own experience, of the power of the atonement to quiet an accusing conscience, to bind up the broken heart, to dispel fears, to kindle hope,, to inspire gratitude, to quicken love, to renovate the life, in such a way as again to suggest the question— ' How is all this brought about ? What is its explanation V It is possible to do this, though it needs study and effort. When done, however, the people will want to understand ; even as the listeners to lectures on natural science want to understand. A similar method may be followed with the other articles of the Christian faith or creed, as well as with the' various aspects of Christian duty. A. great deal more might be said, even on this branch of the subject of method in preaching. I might, for ex- , ample, have quoted examples of wrong and right ways of accomplishing each of the objects to which I have referred—in the one case a practical, in the other a scientific object—but I have said enough. Before closing, however, let me just add a word or two by way of recapitulation and enforcement. Our great business is practical, our great aim should be to generate, develop, nourish, and direct Christian life. Even our theoretical work is indirectly practical; because without thought neither an individual nor a church can be vigorously Christian. But we must discriminate j we must try not'to mix up things that differ. When we are aiming at a directly practical result, let us work with practical means. When we want to instruct, let us use scientific means. It is a radical mistake to apologize for Christ to people whose fault is indifference ; no less so to denounce condemnation on sincere doubt. Let us avoid •trying to convert sinners by expositions of the psychology of repentance and faith ; let us eschew the confusion of doctrine and witness, practice, and theory, and finally, let us beware alike of overdoing and underdoing, either the practical or the theoretical aspect of our work as ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ. 