TALE. Faithful Unto Death. CnArrKn I. It is tho year of our Lard 1000. The little Plymouth settlement, raado up of unflinohing in on uud devoted women, has gained a small but Hiiro foolholtl'ou Afncricuu soil. Rondored comparatively safe from tho enaroaehnioots of tbo Indians on the one sido afid tlio Dutch on tho otiior by the league, offensive and defen sive, which" had been formed in 1643 under the namo of tho UnitoJ Oolonios of New England, they have eat etoadily to work to establish cities and a frovernmont for thom Belvos; and after the drat fow years of depri vation they hara suoooedod in planting a small but flourishing oolony subject to Charles II, who has just boon riwtoroa to tho thronoof England. Since 1050 tlio Plymouth settlers havo been waging a hot warfare against tho'Quakora, and with their stem Governor,J ohn Endicott, at their head, hara porpetratod worse and worse eruoities upon thorn. Perhaps the un jirovokod outrages committed against this Innocent society culminated in 1C59, when tho HOIitenoo of aeatli wasjpronounoed against throo of tlieir number. The Government, in Ootober, IG5G, and again in 1CS7 and 1068, onoctod special laws for tho suppression of those horctica, and tiie over-zealous Puritans were only too eager to enforce them. With that same spirit of unreasoning exaction and ruthless oppression which they hod condemned in tho clergy of the mother country, thoy visited till sorts of judgments upon tho uii iianpy Frionds. Fines were imposed contin ually, whipping was a common punishment, and severallost an ear as a penalty for non conformity to the laws. Let us take a poop at a litUo Puritan vil lage lying1 jiist outsulo Boston, as it bosks in the gonial flun of an Octobcr afternoon. A fotv bouses of board, and many of unhewn logs etragglo up a low, gently-sloping hill. Here and thoro a rudely-built cbimnoy testfied to the advanced ideas of some farmer ; but most of tho community hold teuaciously to an onoient prejudice against thenv affirming that . fcmoko improves their health, and hardens to timbers of their houses.* Boforo some of nbo houses ware plats of aster and sunflowers^ joyously drinking in the warm fiunshinc, ?wiiitsh had grown mellow and rioh, like old wine, aftor tho'long^^rce aiege of summer. Clumps or _ dot tng undulating meadow 1*sty roadsides like tongues of yellow ~ Apple orchards hung with glowing ripe fruit, now and then break the sitcnoooy dropping a plump pippin or russet into tho grass. Only tho men and oxen, la bouring in tho distant fields, disturb the hushed tranquility of tho soeen. All else ipoaks of placid repose and happiness. On tho outskirts of tho litUo Bottlomoiit, nostting agauut a gruvo of pinos, stands a Jog liouso.uauraily fashioned and ruddy finished, tho loast jiretoiitiouB in tho neigh borhood. A poor apology for a home would it be, iiidocd, were ft not for tho clambering twos whioh have twinod thomsolvoa arouua tho uuhowji pillars of tho porch and olung flttd spread IhoauiolvoB abroad over tho roof! Tho swool-imelling apple orchard and the wcu-tendod bed of liorljs, of tho sorts in whioh our great-graudraothors dolighfod, give tho plana a homo-liko aspect, and a fiod of nasturtiums blaio with orange and red 'SPJ? Uie door- we look a girl of omorffoa from tlio dost anil looking down the road, WdlAjdbig Jicr oyca. Hho is bljUTOZBMt HiinpUcitr. ia the Mjtttiier plaiu gray gowu, '' dospory or adornment, fofft«londer and gruccful Ai>o*r»e' but snowy WchieJ I Offer ho? bosom servca to deepen the dollcato tint of liter lips and chocks. But it ii not theflo charms, nor the 00ft gray cycB, nor tho waving goldon hair that maka* Dolivcranoo Botliwiolco beautiful. Hor beauty in rather spiritual. The sweet poaec of 11 pure spirit fihiucs from her even, and light up hor features wiih that holy joy which enhances their natural baauty. Hor Iftoo ia ouo which might fit into somo rare old painting of the saints, with a martyr's crawu resting upon the lirow ; for the strength and beauty of her character hare come through suffering, and hardship, and deprivationaud she has como out of the flro like gold tried in tho smoker's furnaoo. Ab^ fiho fitill lookn down tho road a quick carmino flnsbos into her cbeekfl, and eho hnatily turns about aud busies her hands with tlm clambering vino, pluokilifc tlio loavOs with a toTifiOj nervous Krw*» which crusbos them in her flugors. 3bo foitfns abstraction trnl.il a dooj) muuly voice bidn her look «rouml. Christopher Hurdun, Ibc younjr I'uritati, fltuuds at tho ftlqu of tho porch waiting for nti invitation to culcr. Kin brond-briinmed hnt fibadcs a stern, though not unkindly face. Tho expression which now giro* it slrec^th end churactcr ity&ht;, under favorablo con ditions, fitiffoti into uustorify. Jt is the shadow of that obstinate porMHlonoo which lod his father, forty years before, to ombnrk in tlio Muyflowor with that daimilnrMft hand* ful of men who net sail for a land full of un known danjrorrt. lliis whlo capo, with its broad, rolling collar, in tlnowii carciafwly over hiA *Lruujr Hhoullcra and hatij-'i nearly to his knous, ruliovinjf tho somowiiat ungraceful effect of tho loofta knoo-broornoe. Qis brown stocking* Atv. fine Mid woll fitting, and tho bualdoa to hi* fhoui oro flflifl'goaud highly poliuhod an hio exacting consacnw will per mit. * Conic iii,frimidCltri*b>)>1inr,' iwiiil Deliver* aiiw), with ft grotty pimpli^ity of iimtuior which iK'oordod chursniutfly with Jier plum iln^H «nd njstit' #oinu>u>'jiii,y.9. ' Thee luokft tiivd (mi.1 .TJmukH. Tlicc!Oiili»i*.H«oft1ioi»i>n:li tempts my tirud limhi'i mid il would ph-usu mc nmu»i to 1:ilU wilhyi!. Hold, do not trouble to .yet n chair for mo ; this Nhndy in n luxtirioUH -e for n v.vMry in:m. Ho wit duwu on I Ins step. The tfiil ro nmincd tftundinjf, rofrar'linft' him nhyJy htifc wistfully, nn lio fani,i-.l liiui«olf nbsouth' with lii« liiituudgnzc;! out over tho luud fisnno. I 4 Have thy wrestlings at lnst ennvincort I tJjoo of tho error of thy w/iy«, friend Chris topher '<* mIio asked at length ; * and hast | thou come to tell mo tho good news P* ' 1 No, * aaid Christopher, wiping Ufa brow with a perplexed mid unoany gesture. 4 My i hcurl still ding* to the religion of my fathor; but I yot wins somuthiug in it whioh you Hocjri to possess.* * Ah,' cxctaimcd I>eliveranoo, eagerly, ' thou host adopted tho letter of the law only, and «o hath missed tho light which tdiiueth for nil man. Hart. thou not read in John's Oospol how that light shouo in the darkness and tho dnrknefts comprehended it not ; and how that wiw thotruo light thftt lightcneth ex'ory man thnt cometh unto the world? Only let it tihino on thy doubt, and tliy doubt will vauifth.' * Jhii I cannot bulievc in ft religion which dcuicH the lioly symbols and ordinances whioh God has enjoined upon u«. Itia thcro that I cannot find it in my heart to aocopt thy view. . 4Nuyr fhon Jmst not heard rightly of otir doctrines, porcbancc. Wo only deny tho out ward form* which wcro not ncccssary after tho coming of our Jjord. Tlton wilt find our dootriuo manifested iu tho holy word whore John the Buptiwt Rpako ; ' 1 baptize you with wutcr, but there coincth on© after 1*10 who shall bablizo vou with tho Itoly Ghost, and with firo.' Verily there can be no sav ing gxaco in outward ccremonicn; it is tho j Icttor which killcth and tho spirit which quickencth.' 1 4 Surely those arc knotty questions/ said 1 Christopher, fain to be convinced by this fair nnd earnest advocate, but uuablo easily to I fchako Ulinaolf loose from tho crecd iu which I10 hud been reared. ' Tlio iunor grace is fan ned to a flamo by means of tho outward sym bols Wo must li&vo; something1 besido an inner poasion to livo by. Whut would bo coine of our oountry and its laws if strong mon did not cuforcc outward us well as inward obcdicnccs to thorn't We need tho letter of the law.' * Yea, fricud,* rcpliod DoUvoranoo, Iter thoughts turned in a now direction ; * but what dost thou think of n government that upholds tho soiling ot innooont children to nay a dobt P Suroly thco rcmomlwrost little Daniel and Provided Sothwicke, who BO nar rowly escaped beiug sold to slavery in Bar bados l«st year. Such a government cannot prosper.1 4 It is true,' said Christopher, * that our government is earthly and tor that reason faulty ; but wc must boar in mind that a government is for tlio mass. It nifty render juatloc in tho aggravate and yet «ometimos trespass on individual rights, Such failings wo must wink at if justice bo at tho bottom/ 'Nay, but tho Lord will not wink at in justice and cruelty, wherever perpetrated/ persisted iJclivcranco, lior color dcopcimig wilh hor increasing earnestness. 4 Bonido, this government that thoo upholdest is incon sistent with itaoU. Dost thou not remember that clause of tho charter in which it is provided that all in tho plantation shall equal jutitioa and law f Dost thou think that tho government has regarded the charter when it has porsccutcd tho saints and children of tho Lord?' 1 Tho government only protoota tho Lord'o fold agaiubt tbo ravonouu wolves tb&tscek; to devour it/ rcpiiod Gkri*tophor. 1 Think you that old Dame Jones1 malignant touch and power of bringing* down curse* on her followmcn camo from tho Lord F She was but a handmaid of Satan, and desorred to for* fcit her life for Jitr blnnphomicB.* * Nay,* ansvrcrodDolivoranco, floftlr ; ' Bho tvAfl voriJy a martyr, and was led by the spirit of the Lord, and HO denied tho work* of tho devil. Should the Lord call mo I will follow in hor footsteps and soal my testimony with my blood/ ! Sbo roso in the rapture of her enthusiasm nnd stood looking off at tho purplo hills which loomod hazyand tinsubstftntial iuthciftatanoe. llcr pure upturund faco lookod liko that of ft aaiiit in tlie soft shado of a loafy porcli, and one could almost iusor that 8 tender aureole lighted up her sunny head. Christophor let hifi troublod gaze rest on lier almost trans lutod boauty aiid unconsciously tho deep lines of thought which furrowed hia ample forehead smoothed themselves out. He kmc elowly and stood very close to her, with ono hand Jesting lightly on her sleeve. 4 Como, Deliverance,'ho said, 'bomy saint and ray life, end reveal tho truth, whatever it may bo. through the transparency of your purity and holiness.' A Look of doop pain swept oror tho girl's brow. Sho drew away from him aud bogau to pluck at the vine aimlessly. * It cannot be, friend Christophor. I hrivo told thoo many times that it caunot be. It is not moot to bo yokod unequally.' ' But nuroly you canuot do such a wrong as to lot a feuow-crcatun, fall for lack of sym pathy !' he cried ; and thcro was*, great pas eiin in his voice. 11-I shall go mad if you will not listen to me.*J * Nay, but that is no salvation which oomss from a more frail mortal. That will notsavo tl.ee in tho last great day. Only tako hood to tliat lioavonlv light, tfio Son, within thco, and Wm him before his wrath bo kindled as-ainst tli»>o ; for verily tho night comcth whcs"y<* shall fall to your own master* The night was darkening down upan them font. Ono quivering rod beam shot thrdugh the tiiiuk leavos and routed for a moment on lMivorauc^fi pure face ; Uicn tho mm Bank lsuving u stretch of goMui nky wliich cant a i fcoft r\ow over tho tops ol iho liifts. The ad vancing twilight lent force to tho figuro that JJelivorauoc had used. Christopher Burden shivered involuntarily, aud drew hu cape around him ; then with a hasty farcwnl! ho nlr*lo otr down tlic darkening road. Deliv erance watched him until ho lind dtaippcarod and Ihcu went nlowly in t'» prepare the minplo evening meal of rye pudding nnd milk for the ! tirei father aud brother wh > workc I nil day in ttio fields. She was nilent during tea, and i supplied tho wants of tho huugry men with i u prouccupiod air. 