! AN , IR^SH STORY. [?] Beautifully aitaated in apleasnntvalley of the White Knight's country, at the 'toot 'of the Gaiter Mountains, was tho clibin'bf Larry Dodd and hiB wife.' They rented a eabin and a fow acres pf land, which' they cultivated with groat care. ; They v-ero in dependent, and respooted by their neighbors thoy loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had . mora oppoaranoo ol. comfort about them. , . - . ,. '! Larry was. s hard working, and ooaa'sion ally hard drinking, Dntch-bailt little man,' Btoady-going, straight-forward, fellowj' only when he aarricd too much whisky ; , then,' it must bo oonfessed, bo could not walk tho ohalked lino with perfect accuraoy; Ho had a moist, ruddy 'countenance, rather inclined to an expression ot gravity.' Take it alto-, gether, he waa: generally looked 'upon bb , a proper person, notwithstanding the faot that he had every dayLin tho year, a sort of un holy dew upon hiB lace, even 'in the coldest' Weather, whioh gave rise to jn euppoiitlon. that Larry .was apt to indplge.in strong! jio tatioDB. , However, fill men ,ot talents nave thoir faults— indeed, who is.without them ?— and Larry,: setting aside his weaknoBS,'waa a - moat distinguished man. Ho waB ' - a ? man of mixed habits,- in- his mode of life, bis drink '' and ' Ihis costume.' ' His dress , ndcorded - with his character— a aort.; of half-and-half botweep former and horeo jockey, He wore a blue . coat of coarse oloth, with short skirts and a standing opllar ; bis , waitooat .waa'.rbd, and hiB lower habiliments wore mado ot leather, wbiob,, in courao of time, had shrank so much that they fitted like a seobnd «kin, and long ubo h(id aosorbod their moisture to Buoh a degree that tbey mado a oraokling noieo as ho moved along, A bat oovored with oil Bkin, a whip, all worn and jogged at tho end, a pair of second-hand, or, to speak more cor rectly, second-footed, greasy .top-boots, that sosmed nover to have soon a blacking-brush, arid one Bpur with a rowel, oompletod tho everyday drcBB of LarryDodd. Thus equipped was Larry returning from Oasbol, mounted on a rough- coated and ono oyed nag, though, notwithstanding thesoand a few other trifling blemishes, a well-built animal ; having juBt purchased tho Baid nag, with a fancy that ho could make his own money again, and maybe turn nn odd penny moro by it at tbo coming Kildoiry fair. Larry, woll pleaaed with himself, trotted along tho road in the lingering twilight ot a lovely Juno ovoning, thinking of nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would horses always bo so low. ' ' II thoy,go;nt this rate,' said ho to him self, ' for half nothing, and that paid in butter-buyorajnotea, who would ba the ,fool to walk?' ? . 1 ? ? . This very thought ipdood was passing through his mind, when his nttontion was aroused by a woman pacing quiakly by tho side Of his horse, and hurrying on as if endeavoring to' reaoh hor destination before night closed im Her figure, considering tbo long strides sho took, appeared to be under tho common size— rather of the dampy order ; but whether tho damsel was young, old, j fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could formno notion, owing to the faot ot.heic woaring a largo oloak, tho hood o! which was turned up and completely concealed (ivory feature. » ? , Enveloped'in thia! mass ot dark and con cealing drapery, without muoh exortion tho strango woman contrived to koop op with Larry Dodd'a steed' for somo timo, whon hia master; vory civilly offered her a lift behind bim ae lar.aBho was going her way. 'Civility begets oivillty,' thoy a»y ; howoyor, he ro 'oeived no answer, and thinking that the lady's Bilonoa' proceeded only Irom '? bashfal ness, like a man of truo gallantry, not a. word moro said Larry, until he pulled up by tho side of a gap, and then said he : j 'My littlo girl just jump ap behind mo without a word, more, though nover a ono! havo you spoke, and I'll tako yoa safo and sound through tho lonceome bit of road that. Is before ub.' : , She jumped at tho offor, sure enough, and up with her on tho baok of tbe borao, as light as a feather. In an instant . Bbe waa seated behind Larry, with hor hand and arm buoklcd around his nalst, holding on. 'I hope you're comfortable thero, my doar?' said Larry, in hia good-humored way. : . ? - , But thoro was no answer, and on thoy went — trot, trot,. trot, along tho -road— and all waB so still that you might have hoard the soundof tbo hoofs a mile off; thoro waB nothing else to hear.exoopt the moaning of n distant stream that kept up a oontinaod crooning, like a nurse hushing a baba. Larry, who had a keen oar, did not, how ever, require so profound a eilcnco to detect the cliak of one of the shoes. ' 'Tis only loose the Bhoo is,' said ho to hia companion, as they wore just ontering on tho lonely bit of road, : Somo old trees, with branobos loitooncd with ivy, 'grow oyer ft; dark pool ? of water, which had boon formed as a drinkjng place for oattlo. Hero tho horso mado a dead lialt, and Larry, not knowing what vicious tridks 'his now parohaso mlght-havi, and unwilling that, through any, odd chencst the young -woman should (?et ' spilt ' in tho water, .dis mounted, thinking to loud tho animal past thopool. ... „. ' By tho piper's luok, that iilttaya' found jvhat_ ho, wanted,' said Larry, rcoolleot. irig himaolf,' I've a nail 'in'.iny pookeC; 'tis not tho first time I've put on a shoe, ; and maybo it won't bo the last, for hero is no :want ot paving stones to malio hammora in plenty.' ? . ', .. , No sooner waa Larry of! tlian off with a' swing came tho woman, juBt at hi-i aido.. Hor ,(eot touched tho ground without making the leaBt noino,: and , away, she bounded, ?liko1 an ill-uiaunorcd otenturo rb Bhd;w4s, without eayipg ' By your leave,'. or no matter what elBe.' She' seemed to glide - rather than' run, liot along; tin. road, but' actoss-a field, up toward tho' old ivy- oovored walls; of Kilrtaslatiery Oburoh— and- li pretty dhurob1 it was. ' v-» ; , .i - ? ; ... . i! ?''Not bo fast, ? if fyou tleaua, .young woman;, not bo fast,'.', oried L:irry, oalling aftsr her.;. . .Butiaway tho rar,.arid;L-luy .foVowcd,'.his Joathe^it,, ..garmenca t ,(already ' 'desori'bed .oraok^ oraqjr,- oraokling ' at,' every 'step ' he t00^- j.'. v ' ? ?«' '? ,s: v : '' ' ' Wiie^p my'waKCsT'Baid Lirry; 'Give mo a 'lilis.'-'niy.'Birl ;' :Enre,i|'vo earned a kiss Irom your pretty lips, and l'll ihavo it, too i' But sho went on faster arid faster, regard less of theio un'd oth'er flultiring 'ep'eeohea from he* jiuriuer. : At liBt aho came to tho ohurohyard wall, and then over withjierindn instant. '.in-- in - ' ?- ' ? ? ; y . ' Well, woll I She's la mighty smart oroa-' turei, anyhow, I ,(;'i'o bo euro how neat Bbe' jftet3.,.. Did anyone ever, 8«oihf)ikd' of that' beforo'? .But I'll not bo baulked 'by !any ,y?pman that, ever. ivoro a bead, or any ditoh; either )'pxolfiimed Lnrry. is, with'adesperate bounil,- ho ' vaultod; ' 'soVamblcd '? and tumbled1' over tho wall ' into' thdi: oliuroh.: yard. , „ ? U,]U ? ' , 'UpJho:^6t from'tho oIa'3tlo: sod of a nowly, made graven- in which: Yado Leary^that ?morrUng waB buried— rest his soul !— atyliop wont -Larry; i atumbllng . ovor , headstones ond !footstonec,i i Over, old graves and now^griivN),' picoeB^ofsCollinp, and tho skulls ond bones of , rfead mcn- vthe,loi:-J oavo lis l—'that wero poattcred :a,bout. there!, as ''plepty aa paving pto,ne^,' floundering,' amid great ! overgrown' dock .Ipav'e rand,' brnmbib1^ tlibt, Hv'ithntbeir; ldngi'priclil'y.' Brink' b'eoime tangled : around; liin llriibo' dp'd' held hiii 1 biijlc'wilh 'a fdarful grafep;.- i:llt . ?? u. .;f ... 11 Mc'aHlifeo. tbe merry wotbfln . jn ithe ;#loak moved through all theso obstructions a0 evenly aad as gaily as «f the ahurobykr'd;. orowdod up as it was with graves and grfivd ' - ' .1 Bltmes, had been tho floor ot a dancing room. Bound and round tho walla ot the old ohurch the wont. . '1'lljuBt wait,' Bold Larry, Btcing this and thinking it all nothing but & trick to frighten him. ' When oho oomcs round again, if I don't take tbo kiss I won't that's I all ; and hero Bbe is I' - Larry Dodd sprang forward with open arms and alasped in them— a woman,- it is truo, but a womo» without any lips to kiss, by reason ot'hor haviog no head 1 ' Murder I' eriod; he. 'Well, that ac I counts for hor not speaking I' ' Having uttered theso words, Larry' him self bccamo dumb with fear and astonish ment ; his blood seemed turned to ico, and a dizziness came oyer him. Staggering liko a drunken man, ho rolled against tho broken window of the rain, horrified as tho con viotion that ho had held a ghost in his cm* bracc. 'When ho returned to something liko a feel ing ot oonsoioueneBs hoslowly opened his eyes, and j then indeed a scene of wonder hurst upon him. . ;In,tbe midBt of tho ruin stood on old wheel of torture ornamented with headB, This was plainly visible in the strange light which spread itself around; It was fearful to heboid, but Lairy could not ohdoso but'lookj for ho was powerless through wonderland fear.; Ho would have bhouted for help, but his tongue cleaved to tho root of his mouth, and not ono word could ho say. His eyes almost started from their sockets, his breast rested on the thiokness of the wall, pver; which, on one. side, his head and out Btretobod nook projected, ond on the othor, . although oho ; toe touobed tho ground, it de rived no support from thenca ;.terror, as it were, kspt 'him balanced.. Strange noises assailed his ears, until 'at last they tingled painfully to the sharp clatter of littlo bells; which, kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. Marrowless hones rattled and clanked, and tho!deep and solemn eomd ol a great bell came booming on tbo night wind. It Vva^ Btrango music to danco by ; never theless, moving to it, round aud round the wheel set with skulls, were well-dressed ladieB and gentlomen, and eoldierB and sailors, and pricstB and publicans, and jockoya and Jeftnies, 'but all without their heads, Larry did not know what to think. ' His brftinn wore all in a mist, and IoBing tbe balance whioh ho had oolong maintained, be fell head foremost into the midst ot tho com pany of ghosts. . 'I'm done for and lost forever I' roared Larry, with his heels turned towards the stars; andBoueol downheoamo. ' Weloomo, Larry Dodd, weloome I' cried every head, bobbing up and down in the air. ' A drink for larry Dodd I' shouted thoy aB with ono voice, that quavered like a shako on the bagpipes. No sooner said tban done. Ono ot tbo number presented a brimming oup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it off like a man. . ' 'Tia capital stuff,' ho wonld have said, bat ho got no further than 'cap ' whon do capitated was ho, andhis hoad began dancing over hia shoulder, parry, however, was not tho first man who lost hiB hoad through the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming cap. Noihing more did. he re mombor olearly, for it seems body arid head being parted is, ait very favorable to thought. ! ft hen his senses returned hiB first aot was to put hia hand to vhero his head formerly \- grew, and to his gnat joy thoro ho found it still. Ha thon, shook it gently, but bis head remained firm onotigh, and, somewhat re assured by this hs proceeded to open his 1 oyeo and look arouid bim. It was broad daylight, and in the old churchyard at Kilnaslattery ho found himself, with his head ' upon thG lap of earth,' Could it hwe been an ugly dream ? M Oh, no,' said Larry. ' A dream oould nover have brought bs here, strctchod on the flat of my baak, witb the death's head and oroBS-boneB tormenting mo on tho fine old i tombstone of Fat Kearney ot Kileroa— but wbero is the horso?' Ha arose slowly, evory joint nching I from the bruise* he had racoived, and I went to tho pool of wator, but no horso was ' 'Tis home I must go,' said Larry with a rueful countenance. ' But how will I face Nanay ? What shall I tell her about the hores, and tbo two pounds' he oostme? 'Tis thom ghoBts that have mado their own ol him from mo, the horae- steiling robbers of -the world, that havo no fear for tho gallowB I But what's gono is gono, that's n clear case.' ; S3 saying ho turned hia steps homeward, Bnd arrived at his eibln about noon without encountering any.fui'tbcr adventures,. There ho fouud.'Nuncy who, as he expected, looked as blaok asja thunder-cloud at lnm for being, out all night. Sho listened to liiii marvellous relation wfiieh ho Rave with c-xalamations of astonishment. When ho had concluded, with expressions ol grief at tho loss ot tho horse ho iiadpaid for liko an honest-man, she said :' ? ' ' '? i: '???'} I ' ? . ' But what took you up to the old oburoh 'at all, out of tbo road at that time ot night,. Larry?'/ ?' ,? , ' Larry looked- liko. a criminal |or whd'm! thero was no reprievo, IIo .Boratohed, his; head, ..for, , . an -excuse,-: . 'hot' ' not' 'orioi oould he muster up,'so'he'kno\V riot! what to! eby.' '? ?? f I -ij ; '0 Larry, Larry, ':mntt?ro.d Nancy, after ,wnltingjforsqmo,timo for, his lirisiver, ' it's' , talking wjlh a, ,R;rl you were^ari' 'you ;n' married man. 1. Confeeb tho truth 1'' ' ; . Liriry sbudderiid'at the'tijriipes't ; whioh lid perceived Was now about to- break upon. his dpvotcd'hcB'd; 1 : l ' Nancy, ',soid hei ' I do-oorifess. . It, was a woman witlifiiit any head — ' ; '? His wifo'lieard rio more; j ,, ,i! - , . . |! ' A woman— I know It was I' cried,. alio'. ' But a woman without n head, Larry I Wcll, it is long boforo Nancy Gallagher , over thought it would ,.como to this wilh her ! That s)ih should bo left do'solato arid alone here by her liasto of a husband for a - \somap without ft - head ! O father, father, and mother, mother, it is well .yon nro law to-day,.' that you don't teo this cftlietion and dis g.raeo to, your daughter'that you rared decent; andtendeirl O.'ii L'any you villain ('.you'll bd'tho death ol your lawful wifo, talking with such vile or&ythcrs; I' ! ' Well,' said Larry^ putting hiB hands in his ooat pooliets, ' least said is soonest incndod. r Ol tho youDg woman I know motliing ; but this , I , do. known, that a .woman . without o head may well be balled n good woman; becnusd she has no tongue 1 ' 1 ' ' ' 1 i j \- How this remark operated on tbe matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It is, 'hbwover, 'reported that Nancy had'tho last word. -i i s Mx.firBt wdrd,'tb 'ill 1 men and boy'a ? who care to liear mo is, Djn't' get into debt, star'vo ariil ft'o to'hoavcri, but don's borrow. Try firat begging, I don't mirid(; if it's really needful, Btealhig I lUit don't buy things you oan't pay lor l-jllaskin.i . Wimitlio oorig'j' gono oiit of yorbr *life- yoy cau't Btart another, while it's it ringing in' yofir ears it's blist'to have a bit of Bilenoe, 'dUd oiit o' that ri;riyba'n'p3alni'll ooriio'iby and bJr.-iEdward Garrett,' ?. I'liKmaoUtrom nttraots mora riotico. than tho qu^ct. fouplain , ' ti pimc-t 'draw's' more aftontioriithan the steady star, but1 it is better to,., bo 'jmael, strom, .and' ;,otar 1 than comet, following1 out tlio'! cphnro ond orbit of' quiet iiBtfulniBB in which God placca its.— jdh'n Hall'. ,. . ?? ' ;;AFfEc'TiTi;Nfi,iri oriy' paift/of. !our oairlago ' is Iigli'tiHii up a dondlo ito out defeois,' and pever fails' iti '^oitko' uh ;tako no'tioo cl it; iltlicir'as'waritirig 'Bcneeior Binceiity.' ! nco^o.'^ouid eucoecd in small things -1 thoy. wero , not troubled 'with' - great ambi-1 ' r{ioas.— LongfelfoA ''i! nyi.!Tm / . 