MAGAZINES FOR JUNE, ?»«F1-. (SECOND NOTICE) In the Contemporary leaflets, Cardinal Manning writes on the question of compensation for the loss of a publican's licence, His main point is that a publican enters on his trade with a full knowledge that his tenure of It is for a year only. This is certainly right as a mere statement of the law, and yet it is absurd to say that the proprietor of a great hotel, on which, perhaps, a quarter of a million of money has been exported, could under any conceiv- able circumstances have his license taken away without compensation. Lord Coleridge writes a very interesting article on The Law in 1847 and the Law- in 1889." When Lord Coleridge began his legal career, Baron Parke was the chief power in the courts, and to him, Lord Coleridge says, " the right was nothing, the mode of stating it everything." Even so very cross a Intvyor and so independent a man as Sir James Willes dedicated a book to him as the judge " to whom the law was under greater obligations than to any judge within recent memory." One of the obli- gations he was very near conferring on it was its absolute extinction. "I have been aided in building up TO volumes of Meeson and Welsby," said he proudly to Charles Austin, " and that is a great thing for any man to say" " I dare say it is," paid Austin, " but in the Palace of Truth, Baron, do you think it would have made the slightest difference to mankind, or even to England, if all the cases in all the volumes of Meston and Welsby had been decided the other way ? " He repeated his boast to Sir William Erle. "It's a lucky shilling," said Sir William, as he told me himself, " that there was not a seventeenth volume, for if there had been the common law itself would have disappeared altogether, amidst the jeers and hisses of mankind; and, he added, " Parke didn't seem to like it." The change has been enormous since the time of Baron Parke, and Lord Coleridge says that " special pleading finds no refuge upon the habi- table, globe, except, as I believe, in the State of New Jersey, in America, "while" law and equity are concurrently administered a marriage, will, admiralty cases are dealt with by the profane hands of judges with not a flavour of ocolo classicism about them " In an amusing dialogue which he calls " Brought Back from Elysium," Mr. Barrie contrasts the novelists of the present day with Sir Walter Scott, Thackeray', Dickens, and Fielding. Mr. Stanley is sent to bring these ghosts from Elysium, and this he deals with so much energy that they all arrive out of breath. They are examined by a Realise, a Stylist, an American, an Elsmcrian, anda Bomanclst The style of their conversation will be seen from what Dickens says : I wrote for a wide public (Stylist sighs), whom I loved (Ronliat sighs). I loved my characters, too American signs), they seemed so real to me (Romanoist sighs), and so I liked to leave them happy. I believe I wanted to see the whole world happy (Elsmeriw sighs). "Mulo Witnesses of the Revolution " is an interesting account by Mrs. Emily Crawford of the pictures and relics relating to that time. The Rev. H. B. Haweis is characteristically cocksure in writing about the Broad Church. He begins by paying that intelligent men refuse to take holy orders," and that intelligent men refuse to attend church." His remedy is to re-state " the essential truth that lies at the bottom of every dogma, correlating the now knowledge with current religious thought, and so adapting the church functions to the needs and the intellectual, social, and aesthetic instincts of the ago." The question which will occur to most of his readers as, who is to do a ¿t? We must not pass over without mention a very able article, by Professor Cord, on "The Theology and Ethics of Dante." In the orftuoMly Ravine Mr. J. H. D. Gossip writes on " Protection and Freetrade in Australia," He affects to prove that Victoria is boating New South Wales in agriculture, mining, exports and imports, the condition of the working classes, warnes, banking, finance, and in fact all round. The article in the Nineteenth Century to which this article is an answer allotted to prove the exact reverse. Verily, statistics are wonderful things I M. du Chaillu write on "Till Equatorial Forest of Africa," and clearly shows that he, without any invading force at his back, discovered all that Stanley has since discovered, though his stories were at the time treated with incredulity, A very pleasantly and graphically written paper is Sir Henry Pottinger, account of his travels in Norway. Mr. Beerbohm Tree and Mr. Oswald Crawfurd join battle on the subject of actor-managers, The former gains an easy victory, for he shows that nearly all the best managers have been motors. Mr, Crawfurd can only reply that his antagonist was wrong in calling Shakespeare and Sheridan letters. So he was ; but that in no way diminishes the force of his argument Mr. Henniker-Heaton rides an old- hobby when he writes in the Nineteenth Century on " A Penny Post for the Empire," but he rides well and shows good jockeyship. One point he makes very clear, which is that the Government taxes British commercial correspondence with the colonies 100, percent. more than foreign correspondence, Another and most important point which he elaborates in the influence of the postage) stamp on the unity of the Empire. Here, Like Sam Weller, who " were on the poetical," and prophesies that " the postage stamp would become the symbol of Imperial unity nay more, the symbol of universal Anglo-Saxon brotherhood." 11 r. Biston also wants to see the monopolies of the private telegraph companies broken down. He think that the cost of a telegram to Australia need not exceed a shilling a word, and wishes to see a new line established, either via Canada and the Fiji Islands, or worked via Herat to Calcutta, and theses by the Malay Peninsula to Singapore and Australia, Mr. W. S. Lilly contributes, under the title of "An Atheists Pupil," an admirable article in K. Paul Bourget's brilliant novel Le Disciple, and another critical article is that by Sir. W¡lfr¡d(Wa.d ou Lux just, a book which is its way is quite as remarkable as the famous '' Hangars and Reviews." Lieutenant Campbell, formerly sergeant-major of the Cameron Highlander, of either refutes the sensational stories told about the battle of Tel-el-Kebir in the last number of the Nineteenth Century, and Messrs. Brain fever, Henry Irving, and Charles Wyndham take up the cudgels on behalf of " actor managers" in reply to a recent attack. Dr. Jessop gives many curious details about russia habits and ways of thinking in a paper on " "Village AlmBhousos." -hie number of the Nineteenth Century is not a strong one ; but most of it is readable, and Mr. Henniker Hoaba'a article is an exceedingly good one. The Queen of Roumania contributes to the New Review a Roumanian ballad called " The Soldier's Tent" Dor Majesty has done her work of tree, lation admirably. We quote the first Ihca Stanzas : Across the mountains the mist bath drawn A covering of bridal white. The plains afar make lament and mourn That the fluttering veil, of the mist-wreaths bore, Hath hidden the mountains from sight. The soldier lay smiling peacefully Asleep in his tent on the sward, The Moon crept in and said " Look at me, A glance from thy BWeothoart I bring to thee!" But be answered : " I have my sword." Then the rustling Wind drew softly near, Breathed round him with whispers light! "I am the sighs of thy mother dear, The signs of the other am I, lost hear?" But he answered : "I have the light." Mr. H H Champion writes on the important ones- tion of " The Federation of Labour." He thinks that the future in not with the trade unions pure and simple, but with those who combine no less an independent labour party in the Legislature, There is much keen thought in this article, which well deserves attentive consideration. " The Passion Play at Oberammergau " has greatly impressed Lady Burton, who writes thus on the acting : " Let such a one go and see it before he condemns it, and not take hearsay evidence, and he will see that the people are not acting they are living their lives naturally before us, ' They have seen this over since they could toddle two steps they know nothing else. They do not think of us spectators any more than the priests and their acolytes, who are occupied at the altar, think of the people and strangers in the church. To them it is not a more theatre with stage and scenery, They are in a , church, doing an act of devotion, with their simple, innocent, unquestioning faith and loyal fidelis to Bible history. The beauty of their lives speaks for its effect upon them. They are so unaffected whilst they do it they seem to believe they are really the people who represent for the moment Every child is so trained and se at Berne that the best holding its little skirt to catch the man thinks that the whole play depends upon its doing this well, and with emotion, and to please God Everyone is natural is no one tries to shine j he does it as if he lived for that and nothing dec, i Thirst is a perfect whole; and this is the (secret of the six hundred people all doing a natural act of devotion at one and the same! time, falling into perfect * harmony 11 In Belgravia the accomplished lady who writes under the nom de plume of "E Fairfax Byrne," has a short story called " Fruit Out of Season," which is a model of what a short story should be. It has as much plot as an ordinary one-volume novel, and yet there is no sense of crowding, and sufficient room is left for some delicate contains drawing. What is intended to be the great attraction it " Scribner's Magazine " is Mr. Stanley's account of his recent African travels. But the narrative is hurried and disconnected, and the writer is obviously intended that the interest of his back shall not be forestalled. The illustrations, however, are good, especially one taken from a photograph if the forest dwarfs Athletes will like to read as, article on " Amateur Tracks," in which the present state of athletics in the United States is described. The " United Service Jiajaiins " is a really brilliant number. % " A Sdmtnor Night's Dream ' is a translation by Captain Gawne of a pamphlet which has attracted a great amount of attention to Germany. The writer advocates the old system fighting in close order, and tells some curious story of the way in which the modern system of open skirmishing lends itself to Bkulking. "The Case of the Due d'Orleans" is put graphically and picturesquely by a writer: who is obviously a personal friend Moreover, the arguments pro and con til " Channel Tunnel " an admirably summarised by an anonymous writer who is apparently wanting water communication with Lord Wolseley and other military chiefs. Mr. Clark Russell's serial in Chambers' Journal, though constructed strictly on Mb oldest lines, is thrillingly interesting, and bring one to the climax of the story. The newbery limit Magazine contains a long and elaborate criticism on " Lux Mundi," by Rev. S. J. Eales, who has been greatly frightened by the work, and does not concert his fright A pretty' child's story, called " Sweet Content," by Mrs. Molesworth, is STEM to a conclusion. St, Nicholas contains a paper by Mr. Glnvo, one of Stanley's pioneer officers, on " The Wilds of Central Africa." In the Injury I/our the anthropological methods recently adopted by the French police for identifying criminals are described, and the number generally is an excellent one. Professor Church continued his " Pictures from Roman Story in The spot, where also there is an amusing account of the Chinese army. The Sunday at Home is up to usual standard, but Dr. Schofield's pape" s" "Faith Healing" have been contracted to far too great a length. M. Jules Verne, in the Boy's Own Paper, proposes to got to the North Pole by the simple process of altering the rates of the earth. This he will do by discharging a projectile weigh- ing 180,000 tons from a monster cannon. Bil young readers will be glad to see in the nut number bow the plan succeeds. 3ho Girl > Oma Paper we have also to acknowledge. 