A FREE MARKET Itt literal meaning of the vod *' Fair/* tft III j commercial mut, is * “ (nt market." In ofbn ! | words, a “ fair" means a market at which all and naj 1 mar purchxse or not witkout bona subje-ted to i fee or tax, and also whan all and every can adl with oat mcr each dtabilitics at attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fain in England wen great feat urea in the aoeia and industrial Uft of the people; bat, rincs the ettabliihmeol of railways, and the quicker ino eommunieatsor which hat resulted, these fain hare pretty weUdied out, a matter perhaps foe ferret, in some respects, bet inerttahle nndet the changed condition of the national life. Here in Australia fain are unknown. indeed vevylittle of the old faahiowed metboda obtain in these fast go-a-head coloniet. Life ia not eo lion and lethargic as In Biwuja, sad bnifneas it dost with a moremeat and . force to whleh, crew in this day, few ptwviacisl folk ta the old country an aeenttomed. tbit, however, ia m meeemitj, ttillowiaif np»o ovr fleet aad mauiisntprriilii inlilitn at well as the awakened gurgles and -Intelligence of the last half oentazy. LUe, too, though longer ia Its aenrage thaa oat worthy forefathers enjpyod, ie rill too abort lot alow oe cumbrous methods; and the art aow Is sought ia all directum to do aw much in an homr M 100 rears ago was srrnrulhhart in a week. . Turn, however, ia not a matter to aim. If wt ha it higher pressure, we obtaia higher rewards thaa tbs - old folk eonU poatibly eats. The attnge earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a ksadinf fold greafac, tad it more equally distributed fimaja those “good old days” which senUmenialafit afs ij atl—Tly regretting—people,by the way, who and similar safias eonstitatioa to that of Lord If turns “ let sciewoe, Irerwlag. arts and ooctmerce dia. Bat give us back cur owa nobility.” People nowadays hare money to spend, and as edae tion and a higher intelligence hare taught them bow to tjnal ir afsilj at fla T a 11 ■ T nfsIiTishifft each at Tat and Otbaon*i, of Smith street, CoOiagwood, springing into exittenoe, whom puipaat it it to •apply to a well- to-do population, the contorts, the arrrtmriet, the elegancies and mSaementa of home life. Here we pease to tusks a correction. We hart said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We art wrong. At this present moment, the dim wt hare mentioned, Hearn. Foy and Oibton. are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to ate a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, “it is a sight to do sore erts good." Any theatrical manager who u; happen pasthlcssre. For and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, hare a large and generow mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as be aotes the throng and press of people into and oat of thorn places. All mored by the one impulse—an cages desire to avail thcmtelra of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it mutt give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of them crowds are rendered happier by tlieir attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantlet, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, trill bars a tweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who hu second one of these splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Gd. per yard will fed a greater pride than ever is her borne. -The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home c which be shell presently conduct bis bride, is filled with a ease of importance mod responsibility, tc which hitherto, during his shiittessslorenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, isl . impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ecssdess influx sad oxt - Sue of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the fictile Lions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Heasra. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But ss a rule morel good follows upoa sB honourable ca tetprlse, and Knars. Foy and Gibson when thsy reckon their profits, may, if they plesse, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an to rreaaad popular contentment. Base is another leoontolearh from these tain, and [hat is, that in the hau ls of capable men, no again, bowsers far tries! s or complicated, are beyond the bflsmcs of method. The rales by which this great tstablishment ia govcrueJ, are events the lava of the Hedea and Fenians. A fined system -result at long experience- and large bonnets tx psefearv, controls every detail of the bust tess, so that matters go ou like machinery, a ad to our miad, with mock of the throb and pulse of the iteomaagtar. Borne idea may be formed by those who haws asm rhftal Bar «al Gilson's twin *f thsir alas shea wa iaionri them that tha froatago ester Is BNLto Smith stmt, and that tbm it a depth to Lane Oxford stmt of 100ft. Tha free Bo* mitts, AM wtth t*e aostfiMt of; fmWas rlsaf art snstmsna apaitmssita' We woadas if - [boat* of depattrd Mln osaembU beteo’aighu sad, : inldrt'Jsbit)’Kfkiaod relvett,aad.:lie«t,' aadathp;. ; >»Wi^riw|tssWre*.tnst< sgsic'tatottUgfct Basons: * <tho ittjMsjghl"li ilia mwtt>aWi';itt-#ali|i^.» 1 Eh Bo aat^fUsi i bsgtujsta.bwt, so wo haws Mi ' Shakespeare* authority that there are more things ia bentro and earth than are dreamt of in philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts >' parted fair one* do revisit these scenes of delight* and mingle in spiritual sympathy with substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fain. 