, CHECKMATED. By Captain L'Estrange. The world had gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West- end clubs, aud of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle — the only living relative I had, excepting a half-cousin — from whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly allowance, and, as the phrase goes, had " great expectations." But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I had fondly believed .1 was acceptable not only to the young lady in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to add to my _.chagriu at fiuding myself comparatively with out means, 1 fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the " cold shoulder'' from the father aud mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, aud keep up the aforementioned rather expen sive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year — the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pa3' them : but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve months' income. . . This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a country squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, hut eccentric to a degree." The mischief be tween us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly .repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting m anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. Johu Mortimer, my half cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior; butsome- fhpw, although so near of an age, as well as being relatives and frequently meeting, we had never taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack" Mortimer, and deter- that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to hook.. ... However, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, 1 determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling — of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting — which was" utterly false ; for whatever my failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spriug morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travel ling hair and a rue. The little market towu where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfaitiiig at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving my encumbrances in charge of the laudlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that ray uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered people, his passion was soon over ; aud yet, when disposed, he could ' be' as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates had proved oil many occasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival had been announced by oue of the old servants — a strange experience to me than to have to send iu my name— that "the squire" would come to me in the library at once. " Whatever feeling of hope might have' been m my heart as to a reconciliation betweeu us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His hand some and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as tliey met mine which I had never seen before " Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer," lie said, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door behind him, "that you have the effrontery to come to this house ? — you, who have disgraced the name you hear — dis graced the memory of your gallant father, who (lied for his country — .and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me ?" " I fail to understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. " If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before. Iu fact, I am here to-day to try" "Pshaw!" he interrupted. "Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might have for given it, if vou had stopped at that, and shovrn your regret for what had pissed. But you — you, a Mortimer — to stoop to forgery." " It is false," I cried— " false as the other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth !" " Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire ; "for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And, as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast of his shooting-jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smaller piece of paper. " Examine that, sir," he added. " and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deuy your own signature ?' I could scarcely credit my own eyesight when 'I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pouuds, drawn a little over three months before upon Iiichard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uncle. " Well, sir," asked he, impatiently, "what " have you to say !" " That I have never seen this document he- fore to-day, "I answered. . "What!'' he thundered. "Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know- as well as I do my own " I do deny it !" I added, passionately. " The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might de ceive even myself ; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed ; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, as will -presently appear, there was some confirm atory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added : " Will.you please, tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, iu con nection with that forged acceptance !" " Yes," he replied, " that is only fair. As I unders: and it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with. I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instruc tions that it should he taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be insti tuted ; and the person in whose hands it was — a West-end money-lender — asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and, further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to bo your endorsement to him. " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. " I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of liiin. I have had no transactions with him — in fact, never spoke to him in my life." " You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer ?" asked my uncle, after a pause. " I do, sir," I added, " and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money lender." "You will stay here until to-morrow," said my uncle, looking at his watch. " I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly." " If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, deter minedly. "The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no delay." " But you have been travelling all night, I expect," added the squire, "and require some rest, surely ?" The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven- in a dog-cart to the railway station, being just, iu time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o'clock found me at the office of the money lender who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told tha£ he was not in, and would not be at busi ness till the morrow. There was hut one soli tary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, 'and, us it occurred to ine, as though I was not unknown- to him ; and moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. ADer leaving the money-lender's office I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Row was pretty full of equestrians, many of whom were known to me. I had beeu jleaiiing oyer thei railings . for some, time, but' happened to - turn rotihd . at the filament a carriage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated ray adorable Mabel and her father, aud as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affection gave me a little bow aud a half-frightened smile ; but, to my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouch safed not the slightest acknowledgment to my salutation. Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of his daughter, my pretensions had not been ignored, aiid that for two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between an heir-presumptive to much wealth and a youDg man with two hundred pounds a year. The following day I was to have another odd experience of life, hut of a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparal- leled impudence aud audacity that surely mau ever encountered. About the same hour as on the previous morning I once more called at the office of the money- lender, bill discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced "as to name. He was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, and received me with a very cool nod. "When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer," I said, "you will guess the object of my visit." " There is no occasion to give me your name," was the cool rejoinder, "for I have too much cause to remember it and you. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bill." "You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, "you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me iu your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I -have had transactions with you. " Go on, my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. "No," I added, " I have nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forged or coimived at the forgery of both my uncle's signature and mine, and you shall suffer for it." The scoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room- — a scoffing, mocking laugh that 1 could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of' this infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the hands of the police authorities ; and I actually went some distance towards Charing Cross with that intention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend, of mine before doing anything further. I-Ie was a man fiiy senior by only a year or two— for we had been school fellows — but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rely. On rea ching his chambers in the Albany he re ceived me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story. "lie said : " A rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and1 I quesiion if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yard .would not have been the best thing you could have done. However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow. Dine with me to night, go with me to the opera, and then you shall have my decision before we part." " Agreed !" I answered : and having gone liorae to dress I joined my friend later on. Over dinner lie told me that he had already corae to the conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotia nd Yard, on the follow ing morning. It was ratherlate whenwc got to Covent Garden Theatre, hut we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. Ou getting down into t.he lobby- there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full houBe, aud we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed against me— rudely, as it seemed— and I turned to see who was the aggressor. To my astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally moiiey-luiuler with whom I had had the interview tbat morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, aiid as our eyes met, there was an insolent-, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, hut the sueer aud the insolent, looks .were not, and without a thought of where I was — that ladies were almost touching me on the other side — I struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right list caught him full in the mouth, and he went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some - people came between us, my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being being driven westward. " Gerald, iny boy, what were you thinking about?" said my companion when he had got me into the cab. " In tlie names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that you should kuock him down like that?" " Done to me !" I answered, liotly. " It was the fellow we were speaking of to-day — the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that hill." "Oli, oh!'' ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; " I understand it all now. Nevertheless, yoa would have been a wiser man if you had kept your hands off him." "I could not help it," I rejoined. "He pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seeu the sueer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as 1 did if you had been in my place.'' " Perhaps, " was the admission, " but anyhow we must he before him ii the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to tike us to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend audi were shortly to he witnesses by going there. Iu the smoke-room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one ot' the waiters rushed into the smoke- room — a pale aud affrighted look on his face — with the startling announcement that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment' or two met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches,, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible convulsions of death, was my own coUsin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo plexy some of the men said it wa,s, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body, and the inqueBt Lad been held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged myhame tothebillandour uncle's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he further stated, was to have the proceeds for conniviug at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a mouev-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous after- noou, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favour and to my old position as to " expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to "relate , but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and therebv became one of the most happy of mortals.- \- Weekly Budget. The present Pope (says the Fall Mall Gazette) is determined to move with the age. It is not only that he leaves the Vatican at times, hut he opens part of it which the public hitherto knew only l>y reputation. He has now given clirec tioiis that the Borgia galleries be thrown open. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite has been quite forgotten, and yet it was once the very residence, the actual living-rooms, of the Popes. Alexander VI. had them deco rated by Pinturicchio, who came down to paint them, stopping on his way at Perugia and Orvieto. Then Sixtus V. thought the apartments too sunk, and built the spleudid pile on the north side of the Cortile of San Damaso. where he and his successors have ever since lodged. The old rooms were locked up, and put to occasional use, as for the accommo dation of cardinals during tlie Conclave, or even for the tables of the ' bnst.olanli ' during Holy Week. Pius VII., indeed, collected some pictures aud statues which were kept here, and one rqgtn was /devoted to an. armoury, tlie accoutrements of Julius if., the warrior Pope, being the chief attraction. All these galleries will shortly be thrown open : and this . will be the first step towards letting daylight into parts of the Vatican unknown even to the Popes themselves. 