M ui i — i Story Column. St. Cuthhert's Tower By FLORENCE WARDEN. Author of." The House on tho Marsh," &o;» tTlio solo right to publish this story in Brisbane has been purchased by the Telegraph Newspaper Company from Casseli and Company, Londen and Molbouruo. CitAFTF.n YI. — An OiwECTioyAiir.B Visitor. . In Bpito of all her philosophy, of nil hor fortitude, Olivia Senison could not deny, even to herself, that tho ono terrible word "murderer," applied to the man who had proved himsalf such a kind friend, gave a Bhock Buoh as no newly formed friendship could stand unshaken. If he had only denied tho charge by so much as a look ! But, on tho contrary, liis doivncast head and hurrying step when Lucy's indiscreet remark fell on Lis ears seemed like a tacit admission of tho justico of it. The little maid's characteristic comments on tho matter jarred upon hor greatly. "You might have knocked me down with a feather, Miss Olivia, when they first toid mo it was him as made away with tho young woman whose rooms we were rummaging in to-day! 'Lor,' I Bays, ' novcr ! A nice- spoken gontlcman like that ! ' Indeed, Miss " " Who was it told you, Lucy?" inter rupted her mistress, quietly. "It was whon I was going up the road, ma'am, looking for you. Ifor I gat that frightened at last, Bitting hero all by myself, and nobody to speak to, and such crackings and noises as you never heard along the walls. So I wont out a lifctlo way, thinking perhaps you had missed the rond and lost yourself. And I camo across two women and a man standing at tho gato of a farmyard. And I spoko to them, and they guessed where 1 came from, for it seems it was the farm belong ing to that rudo mun, though I dida't know it at the time.. And thoy asked me in, saying as they wouldn't koop me not a minute. And I was so glad not to ho alone that I wont just insido tho kitchon door with them — just for a minuto. But then thoy .told me such things that I felt I couldn't como baok to this houso all by myself after hearing of them. They said kow that clergyman, for all his nico- sceming ways, used to bo a wild soit of young man, and how ho onoo courted hor that's now tho vicar's lady, but sho wouldn't havo nothing to say to him. And so when sho married his brother he got wilder and wilder, and ho took to courting tho farmor's daughter that lived kcro 011 tho sly liko, and not fair and open. She was a masterful, sort of girl, ' and her brother and his wife that she lived with let her havo her own way too much, and havo idcus above her station. And people think sho believed he'd marry her, for her own peoplo and evcryono was bo- ginning to talk ; and then one night — it was July 7, miss, ten years, and a-half ago— sho went out to meet him down by lis own eliureh, as peoplo knew she'd done before, and sho never camo hack. And nobody's novcr seen nothing of hor from that day to this, only there were screams heard that night down by St. C'uthbert's — that's his church, ma'am." Luey ended in a mysterious whisper, and both sho and hor mistress remained Bilent for a little while. Thon Miss Donison spoko in a warm and dcoidod tona — " There must hnvo been investigations mado. If there had boon anything liko just ground for supposing . that Mr. llraniler had made away with the girl, ho Would at least havo boon hunted out of tho parish, even if thero had not boon proof enough to have him arrested." " Ho was arrested, Miss Olivia. But lis mothor was Lord Stannington's sistor, bo he had friends at court ; and as far his brother, he moved heavon and earth to lave him got off. And so those as know moBt didn't caro to como forward, and nothing wasn't found ; and as everybody know the- poor girl hadn't had tho best of characters, and had always been a bit gay like, thoy suid there wasn't evidence enough, and Mr. Brander was nevor brought up." " But he remained in his parish ! That would h»ve beon too much of a soandal if tbo suspicion had been strong. I think you havo only been listening to a lot of zattlo, Luey," said MiBs Donison, trying to disguise tho deep intorest she conld not help feeling in this gossip. " AVoll, Miss Olivia, I only toll you what was told mo," said tho girl, rather offended at the slur oaBt upon hor infor mation. And Bbo crossed ovor to the fireplace, and began to break tho lumps of coal into a blazo, to intimato that in defaronco to her mistress's wish sho had dono with idle gossip. But, as sho slyly guosssd, tho subject was far too interesting to bo shelved liko that. Miss Donison took it up again abruptly, no longer attempting to hide tho warmth Of her feeling in tho matter. " How was it ho stayed, thon ?" sho asked. "It was his brother's doing that, tna'am, I boliovo," said Lnoy, delighted to havo hor tonguo loosed again. " Ho backed him up, and advised him to faoo it out, so ovorybody suys. And his being so strong for his brother, and him thought so highly of himself, made peoplo afraid to interfere, liko. And so Mr. Ycrnon Btaycd. Ho had only a poor parish, full of colliers and suoh like, and tho poor folk likod him, because, for all bis wild ways, he was good-humoured sod pleasant. »o nobody objected muoh, and be quiotod down all of a sudden, and grow quite ohanged, and worked very bard, so that now thoy think tbo. world of him in his own parish, and wouldn't chango oven to havo Mr. Meredith him- Bclf for their olorgyman. Only the story jjtioks to him, especially close round hero whero the girl lived, and no matter what be doeB, some of them can't forget he's a murderer." Olivia shuddored. It was quite truo j Suoh an incident in a man's lifo wob not one that you could forget. She let tho subject drop without further comment, but it haunted her for tho rest of the evening as she- sat brooding over the fire. Liioy, who was of an industrious frame of mind, got out her 'darning and monded away busily. But she had a healthy appetite, and Bhe had had nothing more satisfying than biscuits and a snndwioh throughout the day. Gradually her longing glances foil moro and more fre quently on tho dcBpised supper basket whioh Mr- Brander had givon her. At last she could hold out no longor. " Aro you hungry, Miss Olivia ? " sho asked, with plaintivo meaning. "Hot very," answered MissDenison, waking with a start out of a troubled reverie. " But I daro say you are, Lucy. I forgot that I had wino and cake at — Mr. Bronder's." _ Lucy made two hesitating stops in the direction of tho basket, and Btopped. " Dp you think — wo'd bettor not — touch it, Miss Olivia?" sho asked doubt fully. Miss Donison got up, with a grave and troubled face. " Don't you think it's a little too lato t6 try to avoid an obligation, Luoy, when every one of the oomforts round us — fire, chairs, table, the very beds wo aro going to sleep on, we owe to Mr. Brandor ?" Luey snatched at this view of the matter readily, and trotted off with eager steps to inspect tho contents of the basket. Those proved most satisfactory. "Bread, Miss Olivia; buttor, enke, oh ! And a cold fowl ! And a silver tea pot!" she announced gleefully as she mado one discovery after another, and skipped with hor prizes to tho tablo. Olivia, healthy girl as sho was, could not eat much that evening. Herrespon- eibilities in tho new home were beginning to look very heavy, and tho strange story Bho had just heard oppressed her. Luoy, on the other hand, found that a good supper led her to take a moro cheerful view of current affairs. " Oh, Miss Olivia !" sho cxolaimod, when the meal was ended, and thoy woro preparing to retire for tho night, " how muoh nicer this is, with ghosts and mur derers and all, than it'll bo when Mrs. Dcnison comes, and tho children. Liko this, with juBt you, it's jolly, and I could work for you all day. And I suppose when you've committed a murder, it makes you feel that you must bo nicor, like, to make up for it, for certainly Mr. Brandor iB a nice-spoken gontleman, and a kind ono, and no two ways about it." " How, Luoy," said hor mistress, gravoly, " you must put that story right out of your head, as I am going to do. We'll hopo there's no truth in it at all ; hut oven if every word were truo, wo havo no right to bring it up ngainst a man whoso lifo sets an example to tho whole parish, and who has shown us kindness that wo ought never to forgot. I hopo you will have tho good sense and good fooling not to tattlo about it to cook and to Esther when they come." " Ho, ma'am," said Luoy demurely. Miss Donison felt, howover, that sho was trying to put on human natnro burdens too great for it to b3ar, and Bho wasted no moro words in pressing tho point. Tired as sho was whon- she lay down that night on the little bed so strangely provided, for somo hours sho could not sloop ; excited fancies oonoorn- ing the girl who had disappeared, and tho man to whom her disappearance was attributed, filled hor head with a waking nightmare. Gratitude remained upper most, howover. " Ho shall seo that whatever I havo heard makes not tho loast difference," was hor last clear thought before sleeping. _ But Olivia's kind intentions woro moro difficult to carry out than sho imagined. Hext day Bhe saw nothing of Mr. Brandor, although sho reeoived another proof of his thoughtf ulncss. A vanful of the much-expected furniture arrived in tho course of tho morning, and scarcely was it emptied before tho two maids from tho vicarago appeared upon tho scene, " by Mr. Vernon's order," to givo what assistance thoy oould towards gotting tho house ready for occupation. Then bogan for Olivia three of the happiest days Bho had over passed. Thoro was work — roal, useful, genuine work— for hoad and hand and muscular arm, in tho arrangement of ovory room to tho best advantage. Tho maids from tho vicarago and hor own trustcd_ Lucy seconded hor with a right good will, being all ready to worship this handsome, bright-voiced, spurkling- oyed girl, to whom tho lifting of tho heaviest weights Bcemcd to be child's play, and who worked hordor than any of thorn. On tho second day tho vory last consign ment of the housohold goods duly ar rived, and Olivia was ablo to send hack tho vicarago furnitaro with a gratoful little noto of thanks. In tho ovening when sho was resting in an armchair, tired out with her labours, nnd enjoying a glow of satisfaction in their success, thero was a rap of knuckles on tho knockerless outer door, and Olivia started up, with her heart heating violently. This persistent self-effacemeut on tho part of Mr. Brander made the girl nerv ously anxious to show him that hor grati tude was proof against any ovil rumours ; and tho hopo that it was" ho brought a deep flush to hor face as Luoy, now in- stalled in her own kitchon, and busy still with polishing of pots and pans wont to open the door. Bat sho only brought in a note, whioh Olivia took with somo disappointment. It was an answer from Mr.. Brander to hor own, but wob so yoiy formal that Olivia felt hor cheeks tinglo with shamo at tho impulsive warmth of hor letter. Tho alergyman's note was as follows:— Dear Madam (And she bad pat " Doar Mr. Brander." Olivia ooald have torn her pretty hair), — I beg to assure yon there is nothing in what I havo dotio to put yon nndor any aenso of obligation. In doing what little I ooald to mako yon aa oomfortablo as tho nnfortnnato oironmatanoes of yonr arrival wonld permit, I only acted in my oapaoity of ropresontatlve to my brother, who is hospitality ltsolf to all strangers. I am, dear madam, Yours faithfully, Vbbuok BaawDRa. Olivia read tho noto twice, while Luoy still Btood at tho door. " The young farmer's son brought it, ma'am, and he's waiting," said sho. Olivia wont to the door, and held but her hand to Mat Oldshaw, who took it very sheepishly in his own groat paw, and, Laving given it a convulsive squeeze, dropped it hastily, as if overwhelmed with horror. at hiB presumption in touch ing it at all. " Come in," . said she, smiling, and leading the way into the big farm living room. She had decided that this was to be the dining- room of the establishment, Old had furnished it aooordingly. Mat followed hor shyly, and remained near the door until, by easy stages, she had coaxed him into a chair at tho fur ther end. Ho was beautifully washod and combed, and clad in his best olothos, and beautifully awkward and bashful withal. " It's very kind of you to bring mo this," sho said, "and I'm very glad to havo an opportunity of thanking you for tho help you gnvo us the other day. You ran. away so fast that I had no chanco of speaking to you." " 'Twero nowt that," said Mat, in a tono husky from hashfulness. " Ah'd ha coom and given ye hotter help than that yesterday when Ah saw t' goods coom. but Ah didn't like." " Would you ? Well, wo should havo found plenty for you to do. But your father wouldn't havo liked it, of courso ?" " Ecythcr ! All bccan't afroead o' feyther!" cried Mat, in a hurst of energetic defiance. " Ho, it wasna' for him that Ah didn't coom. But Ah thowt maybe yo'd ha' been so angry with him for's rudeness that yo wouldn't caro to ha' seen mo ageenn." " Oh, I knew you had nothing to do with that." " That's truo enoof ; and Ah coom to- nceglit to say" — and Mat looked down on the floor and grow scarlot to tho tips of his cars — " that yo musn't bo surprised if things doun't work straight hero at first. Tfeythor's a nasty coostoomer when ho's crossed, and thoro's no denying he's wild at a stranger takkin' this pleeace. An' if ho can do yo and ver feyther an ill turn he's not t' man to Btick at it. An' if yor feyther doan't knaw mooch about farmin', ye may toll him not to tak' any advico from moino. But if yo should bo in a difficulty aboot matters o' t' farm, yo con just send for mo on t' quiet, and Ah'll help yo all Ah can. Ah jbcenn't ower bright, maybe, as yo can see for yeufsen, miss, but Ah understand t' farm, and what Ah can do for yo Ah will." Mat had strung himself up to this speech by a great effort, and he reeled it off without any sort of pause, as if it had been an articlo of faith that ho had got by roto. Then he got up nnd gave a hopeless look towards tho door, as if that was his goal, and he was utterly without on idea how to Teach it. Olivia roso too, and turned towards tho fire. Her impulBivo naturo was so deeply moved by this rough but genuine friendliness, that sho had no words ready to express hor feolings. Thero was a pause, during which sho heard tho shuffling of Mat's feet upon tho floor, as ho prepared himself, with many throes, for another rhotorical offoit. As sho at last turned towards him nnd again held out her hand, ho found his courago and began — " An' wan moor thing Ah'd loiko to say, miss; doan't you ho afrccad o' Parson Brander, for all thoy may say. Of coorso, ye've heard the story ; t' ill about a mon always cooms oot first. Maybo t' story's truo; Ah knaw nowt about that. But Ah do knaw that thor's no'er a bonrt loiko his in t' coontry sido. An' ho's dono all t' harm ho'U evor do to anybody. An' — an' he givo mo this note for yo, miss, and Ah'vo givon it, and noo Ah'm going. Good night, miss." With which abrupt farewell, he made a countryman's obeisance to her, and sheered off with groat promptitudo. "Good night. I slia'n't forget what you've said," Olivia called after him, smiling. to nn ooNxmuKD on Monday 