Reminiscences-Personal and Political, Of a 50 Years' Residence at Windsor, on the Hawkesbury. A LECTURE, Delivered at the Windsor School of Arts, 22nd August, 1890, by WILLIAM WALKER, M.L.C. II.-POLITICAL. I will now refer to matters of a political charac ter. At an early period of my life I took an interest in politics. I became a member of the Anti- Transportatioa League, a body which created much public stir, wrote anonymously in the local paper of the time, 1850, in favor of the movement to prevent the revival of transportation, and in condemnation of those who were in its favor. Governor Sir Charles Fitzroy, misled by his ad visers, had written a despatch home in favour of the system. A public meeting in Sydney had censured him for so doing, when some very strong language was used. A public meeting was called in Windsor by some of the old gentry, to express sympathy with the Governor. The meeting ended in a fiasco. I wrote a satire upon it, which appeared in the " Windsor Telegraph," winding the matter up with the following lines: Great men of Windsor, ye have shown How wisely foolish ye have grown ; That independence all is vain, And toadyism oftly's gain; That truth and justice must be hushed, And democratic feelings crushed ; That we must always one thing say, And think the very reverse way. What though the Gov'nor tells a fib, The people must not poke his rib, No! right or wrong we must him praise, Else we might shortly end his days. I advocate not transportation, Against it I've a long oration ; II ut as His Ex. says very different, 'Tis treasonable for us to dissent. I therefore wind up all with this; Bow lowly to Vice-Regal bits?. In the year 1853 the late great Australian Statesman, whom no doubt they had all heard of -William Charles Wentworth - introduced a Bill into the Legislative Council to confer a new Constitution upon New South Wales. This was to do away with the existing system of one House, which was composed partly of nominee and official members and partly of elective members, and to establish a Parliament on the English lines, consisting of two Houses as we have now. But Mr. Wentworth in his Bill as originally drawn copied the English system too closely, and wished to introduce a kind of titled nobility in the colony, to be appointed to the Council for life to exclude Judges and Ecclesiastics from the Legislature-and to enact that the Constitution could not be altered except by a two-third majority. Mr. Wentworth may have been partly right and partly wrong. However, a public meeting (following the course which had been pursued in Sydney) was called and held at the Court House, to petition against the too ex. clusive portions of the Bill. I was then a young man of 25, full of enthusiasm, and more radical in my opinions than I became since, and I was called upon to address the meeting in favor of the peti tion. This was my first attempt at political oratory. There were some able speeches de livered on the occasion, notably one by the Rev. William Lumsdaine, who, with myself, are the only survivors of the gentlemen who took a lead ing part on that occasion. I think I will entertain and amuse you more than referring to these dry matters, if I give you some account of the first and succeeding election contests which took place in and about Windsor, alter the granting of representative institutions. In every one of. these conflicts I took an active part, and as I have written and published a narra tive of them, which probably few of you have seen, perhaps I cannot do better than read por tions of it to you : " Prior to the year 1843, the legislative power of the colony was vested in a small nominee Council, presided over by the Governor. In that year (temp. Gov. Gipps) a partially Representa tive Legislature was conceded by the Home Government. It was constituted so as to consist of only one House, of thirty-six members, of whom six were to be Government officials, and six others Crown nominees-the remaining twenty four to be elected by the people (including six for Port Phillip), The franchise was a £20 annual rental, or freehold of /200 value; and the quali fication for Members was fixed at a property Worth £2000, or £100 yearly value. There were two electorates which more immediately concerned the Windsor district. These were (1) The Cum berland Boroughs, comprising the towns of Wind sor, Richmond, Liverpool, and Campbelltown ; and (2) Cook and Westmoreland, which included the Kurrajong, Wilberforce, and Portland Head, parts of the Windsor district added to Hartley each constituency returning one Member only. The first election for the Cumberland Boroughs was fixed for the 17th of June. Some months previously to this, the opposing candidates had announced themselves. They were Mr. Robert Fitzgerald, of Windsor, and Mr. William Bow man, of Richmond. Before the elections could come off the Electoral Lists had to be made out, and at the' Revision Courts some exciting scenes took place. At Windsor a warm passage of arms occurred between Mr. Purefoy, barrister in behalf of Mt". Bowitian.ahd Mr. George -Robert Nicholls, solicitor for Mr. Fitzgerald, which ended in Mr. Purefoy taking up his papers and indignantly leaving the Court, having been, as he considered, unfairly overruled in protesting against some ob jection taken by Mr. Nicholls, as to the adequacy of the proof of service of a notice of some claim. Mr. William Cox, one of thfc revising magistrates, when the point was settled, rose, and said that in consequence of the flippant observations of Mr. Nicholls, he should consider himself out of Court, and left accordingly. Mr. Nicholls requested Mr. Cox to hear him, but he went off without taking further notice. The result of these proceedings was that a considerable number of claimants to have their names placed on the Electoral Roll were deprived of their right, through a techni cality. Eacb of the candidates had his band of music, and frequent meetings were held by them at the several towns, some noisy enough. They i were both natives of the colony, about the same age, and Protestants, with almost similar views but Fitzgerald, being supposed to be of Irish descent had the sympathy of the Hibernian por tion of the electors generally, and his colours were blue and green, whilst Bowman, being of Scottish parentage, had the support of most of the English and Scotch party, and his colours were blue. The proceedings of the Revision Court were brought before the Supreme Court by appli cation for a mandamus on the 17th May; but whilst the Judges censored the conduct of the Bench, they held that it was beyond their power and jurisdiction to undo what had been done. The application was refused, but without costs. On the result becoming known in Windsor the houses of a number of Fitzgerald's friends (amongst others Chief Constable Shirley) were for most part of the night illuminated. Fitzgerald himself and a number of his partisans paraded the {town, halting at his own residence, where he harangued the assemblage, particularly vindi j eating the character of his friend, Mr. North, the Police Magistrate and Returning-Oflicer, from all, I the imputations that might rest upon it, in colise^ ! que^iiLofthe etriogentreniafks pf. their Honofe the Judges. At the nomination at the Court House there was a large attendance. Mr. Bow man was escorted by a considerable body -of horsemen from Richmond. The show of binds was in favour of Fitzgerald; but each party was confident of success. The polling cauie off on the 19th. Fitzgerald was a long way ahead at Windsor, but in Richmond he only polled two votes, and these were two friends who went from Windsor. The final result could not be known until the returns came from the other two polling places. The Windsor and Richmond numbers together gave Fitzgerald a majority of 13, and his supporters considered his election certain. Think ing this, they chaired him through the town, fol lowed by a vast multitude. It is recorded in the newspapers of the day that the town of Windsor immediately * became a scene of lawless outrage ' on the part of Fitzgerald's supporters. By them the flag of Mr. Bowman was attacked and torn to pieces, while he himself exerted himself to the utmost, and successfully so, to prevent anything like retaliation. The house of Mr. Cox was assaulted without any provocation, and while the property and persons of Mr. Fitzgerald's sup porters were held sacred everywhere, the houses of the opposite party were attacked, and their win dows demolished. A number of special consta bles (amongst them the Rev. H. T. Stiles) were sworn in, but not until after repeated remon strances. The news from Liverpool and Camp belltown, brought by special messenger, did not arrive until until after sundown. The numbers from the four places were then added op; it was found that Bowman was elected by one vote, it not three-127 or izg against 126. The dis appointment of the Fitzgeraldites was overwhelm ing ; and they at once vowed vengeance on their enemies. The ' Herald1 report states that after this in the night the moo again commenced marching through the town and destroying the windows, doors, and shutters of the houses occu pied by Mr. Bowman's supporters ; nor were they satisfied (in many instances) until they had with heavy sticks beaten the window-frames to pieces. Even the House of God itself did not escape them, for on passing the Wesleyan Chapel it was saluted with a volley of stones, which smashed several windows; and a number of the windows and shutters of the Rev. Mr. Lewis, Wesleyan Minis ter's bouse, were also broken. This continued at intervals during the greater part of the night, some persons being visited by the enraged mob five or six times; many persons also were wounded by the stones. They were fired at five or six times by different individuals, but only one man was known to be wounded: he received three slugs in one of bis legs. About 2 a.m., the mob having dwindled away to about fifty, the authori ties succeeded in dispersing them, and the town was restored to comparative quietness; but no sleep visited the eyes of the unfortunate indi viduals whose houses had been attacked: fears for their safety in general precluded the idea of such a thing; and indeed in most cases their houses were completely open to the street, the shutters and windows being entirely destroyed, which rendered them liable to be stripped if they went to bed. In a bed-room in the bouse of the Rev. Mr. Lewis there was a ycung lady supposed to be in a dying state, but even that circumstance had no effect upon them-it suffered the fate of the rest. My father was a Bowmanite, hut, strange to say, he was about the only one of that unfortunate party whose house, escaped attack. Perhaps it was because we lived a little out of the way, at the Peninsula. At any rate we got a great fright, and heard the noise of the rioters at a distance, with their band at their head, and every moment expected a visit from them. I need scarcely say none of us went to bed that night, and we barricaded the place as well as we could. Notwithstanding the disorder that was carried on in behalf of Mr. Fitz gerald, that gentleman was induced to petition the Council when it met in August against Mr. Bowman's return, on the ground of alleged bribery. He did not, however, follow the matter up, thinking, no doubt, discretion the better part of valour. The petition was withdrawn, and he was ordered to pay Mr. Bowman's costs, amounting altogether to £144. Of course, the rioters were not allowed to escape legal proceed ings. Several of the supposed ringleaders were brought before the police court, and four of them committed for trial. At the Quarter Sessions they were all convicted, and sentenced to some months imprisonment; one of them was fined £50 in addition. The animosities which were created amongst the people of Windsor by the Election lasted for many years ; and amongst other conse quences of it, were the removal by the Govern ment of the office of Police Magistrate, and the goal, and Quarter Sessions establishments from Windsor. The latter, after, petitioning, were re stored some years afterwards; but a Police Magistrate was denied the district ever since, until recently when Mr. Becke was appointed. The Election for Cook and Westmoreland took place a few days before the foregoing. For these two large counties there were only two polling places, namely, one at Wilberforce for Cook, and sqe at Hartley for Westmoreland. The candidates were Mr John Panton, general merchant, Windsor, abd Mr. George Bowman, elder brother to Mr. William Bowman, of Richmond. This was a comparatively tame affair. Panton was first in the .field, and had secured promises from a large ^aiit3ibe^)f electors of the district before Bowman timouiK«J'.1uraself. The candidates employed a band of music each-bands in those dayswere considered accessary' accompaniments. Panton had a large majority at Wilberforce, though Bowman headed him at Hartley. The result on the whole was that Panton was elected by a large majority, the numbers being- Panton, 112, Bowman 60. On returning from Wilberforce victorous, Panton's supporters took the horses out of the carriage after he had crossed the river at Windsor, and drew him in triumph home. There were few incidents connected With this Election. The only thing worth mentioning was the pro duction of a satire in verse, addressed to Panton. said to be the work of Mr. Joseph Cope, and com menced thus: Sweet scented youth I no flower can vie with thee, In Cook or Westmoreland, &c.; Cope was a determined Bowmanite. It was he who brought the exciting news from Liverpool of the result of the Borough Election. He was chased by the Fitzgeraldites, and had to fly tor his life for a coasiderable time. The second general Election took place in 1848. Bowman and Fitzgerald were again nominated - the latter it appeared, however, without his con sent. Bowman had, therefore, next to a walk over. But a great contest took place for COOK and West moreland- Mr. Alfred Cheeke, Commissioner of the Court of Requests, in answer to a numerously signed requisition, announced himself as a candi date. In opposition to him, Mr. fames Martin, a young and rising attorney, was brought out. It was objected against Mr. Cheeke that he was a government official, and that the Government were already sufficiently represented in the Coun cil by their nominees ; further, that he would be bound to obey the behests of his masters on all occasions, and could not, therefore, give an inde pendent vote. The requisition to Mr. Cheeke was drawn out by myself; he was a personal friend of mine, whereas at that time Mr. Martin was unknown to me, and he was represented as an ambitious young man permaturely brought into public life, though supported by Wentworth, Nicholls, Fitzgerald, and other influential politicians. The Sydney " Herald" and the "Atlas" of that day favoured the public with repeated articles upon the merits and demerits of the candidates-the former paper supported Cheeke, whilst the latter went in for Martin. Some of the articles in the ' Atlas' was very clever, and had such headings as " Cheeke and his Cook," and "Cheeking a country." The latter was a poetical satire (said to be written by Mr. W. Foster) in the form of a dramatic fragment, the dialogue being between Alfred and the ghost of Sir George Gipps. The requisition and reply are turned into rhyme. In one piase Alfred says to the spirit of the governor, who had been advising him: ? " Thanks for the lesson; bat Sir tell, Will my Election go on well ? Will any person me oppose " " And shall I triumph o'er my foes ? GHOST : Yes. ' Jeames' the country round first having scanned, Will pitch at last on Cook and Westmoreland. He picks out you (wise knowledgeable elf), As one less worthy .than himself.'1 Although Cheeke had pledges which, if kept, must have secured his return, he was beaten by the talented young solicitor (after wards Attorney-General and Chief Justice), who was elected by a considerable majority. I 'Mrell remember the arrival at Wilberforce of the Kurrsifdta^ into, marching in procession with a band at their head, consisting of a fiddle and an empty rum-keg for a drum, witb Grandfather Hoskisson and Jimmy Cullen, the sporting pub lican, leading them, all, with one exception, being: voters for Martin. Tbey had been shepherding the voters all the night previous and kept them welt f>lied with rum. There was only one man of the ot (a North of Ireland Orangeman) who was per suaded to give Cheeke a vote. When the House" met Martin's return was petitioned against, o» the ground that he had not a legal qualification, namely, a freehold in his own right of the requisite amount. He had declared himself the owner of some property in Sydney, derived from a client named Reynolds. The Committee of the Houae* (W. Bowman being Chairman) reported that they could find' no registered conveyance of the pro perty in question to Mr. Martin, and recom mended action to be taken to deprive him of his* seat. A spirited debate ensued, in which Went worth, in behalf of Martin, and Lowe, contra,, took part. Mr. Martin himself delivered an> eloquent address, which he concluded thus: " However great might be their present power within these walls, they could exercise no autho rity over the constituency who sent him there and who he felt confident would send him back: in triumph, clothed with far greater power and influence than, had it not been for these illegal! and vindictive proceedings, he could otherwise easily obtained." Mr. Martin made a foripal' Erotest against the proceedings, which ended in; is Election being declared void, and1 his leaving, the House at the request of the Sergeant-at-Anhs. As he predicted, however, he was again triumph antly returned, and before assuming his seat &' second time handed itr a letter to the Speaker wherein he stated, " That he did not admit that he had ever ceased to be a member of the Legis lative Council since his original Election. In 1850 an Imperial Act was passed, separating: ; Port Phillip from New South Wales, and erecting; it into a separate colony under the name of" Victoria. By this^ct also, the New Sooth Wales I^ejgi&l;^ifewalssempowered and required to jobs an Electoral Act to give effect to. tne change.^: A colonial act accordingly went thrcrugh, retaining, the number of 36 representatives, out slightly modifying the apportionment. This necessitated a new Election. The Cumberland Bo roughs' affair took place in September, wtien Mr. John Rose Holden (who bad been rejected at the Election for Sydney-Dr. Lang beating him)* was brought out by the then Government patty, _ supported by R. Fitzgerald; Mr. William Bow man, who had bees taking things rather easily,, was then induced to come actively forward again. The result of the contest, however, was tfcat, con trary to all expectations, Bowman was defeated For ~ the first time, and was found is a minority at kit the polling-places except Richmond. Holder's aggregate majority was 26. There was a gpe&t; deal of stir towards the end over this Election; extra mounted police were brought out to keep order, and for the first time here voters were con veyed to the poll in hired carriages. To console Bowman for bis defeat a presentation of silver plate was made to him. at a luncheon given by his friends at Richmond, on the 13th February, 1852, at which I was present, and responded to one of the toasts. Holden only retained his seat for about 18 months, wheB he resigned and wept to England. Bowman was then re-elected .without opposition. There was not the- same facility For getting candidates- then that there is now-the* large property qualification being an> obstacle. * In Cook and Westmoreland Mr. Martin was opposed in his re-election by Mr. Longmore^a Roman Catholic attorney of Sydney ; but being: now supported by many of his former opponents, who had learnt to admire and appreciate his talents and his conduct since-he had been a mem ber, he was returned by a large majority. These - were the last Elections under the first limited* representative constitution, which- lasted aboht 13 years. When the new constitution,, framed by Went worth, conferring responsible government on the colony, came into operation1 in-1856, the Cumber land Boroughs' constituency was enlarged to in clude the town of Penrith* The Elections took place in April of that year. On this occasion Mr. Bowman presented himself for re-election, hot met witb a vigorous opposition; He had become unpopular under allegations that he had neglected to attend to his duties in the House, and had. mis represented the views of his constituents on the subject of a petition against portions of the ;new constitution. No less than three opponents appeared in the field, Robey, Redman, and Ross -three R's. Their numerousness was Bowman's strength. Had any one of'them singly oppose# him, he would have tailed. The result, however, was in his favour, but only bj 5 votes; the num bers polled being Bowman 129, .Robey 124, Red man 115, Ross 90. The speeches of the opposing candidates during the Election were most amusing. Redman and Ross generally appeared at the same meeeting and abused each other soundly, to the great entertainment of the audience* The nomination wa* a lengthy proceeding, and extended "far into the night, under candle light. Redman vntt particularly " long winded." He was the last speaker, and after he had addressed the aodienca lot -an hoar and-a-half by way of introduction, he west on to say "Gentlemen, aftar these few preliminary Tri* marks, I will now proceed to giveyoa ITftfll «tpo» sition of my political principle!" It waaTO* xrost tiresome thing of me kind I had eve? hiiti) 