THE MERCURY. HOBART : WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1890. EPITOME OF NEWS. Both Houses of Parliament meet at 4 o'clock Wday. Cascade Brewery Co., general meeting at noon to-day. Druids' select plain and fancy dress ball this evening. Hobart Gas Co.'s half-yearly meeting this afternoon. Ladies of Chalmers' Church present Rev. C. H. Talbot with a clerical robe this evening. Huon Fruitgrowers' Association object to the " fangled idea " of improved fruit cases. ' Launceston Customs returns for week end- ing 2nd inst. £2,594 15s. 7d. Usual monthly meeting on Young Women's Institute this afternoon. Lantern exhibition in All Saints' school room on Thursday, 14th inst. Entries for the Poultry Show close on Monday next. Shooting match at Commercial Hotel, Richmond, on Saturday nett. Hobart ironmongers close their places of business at 1 p.m. to-day. Druids' torchlight procession last night well carried out. Subscriptions, in aid of Guiding Star Dis- aster Fund, coming in satisfactorily. Vessel not expected to arrive here for a month. Lady Hamilton presents Ambulance Cer- tificates to Y.W.C.A. class on Friday evening next in the Mayor's Court-room. Quarterly convocation of H.R.A. Tas- manian Union Chapter to-night at 7.30 o'clock. Joseph Page, a passenger by the s.s. Bowra for Strahan, lost overboard on Sunday night. No particulars telegraphed,. Mount Zeehan,and Dundas people in sore straits on account.of wretched tracks: Carters threaten to' discontinue traffic, now carried on at peril of lives of themselves and horses. Young man named James Blyth met with serious injuries by capsize of baker's cart at Launceston yesterday, and is now in a critical condition. Lady Ouiilo starring m Ii eland Sandhurst people anxious to revert to the old name of Bendigo for their city. Bank of Victoria has declared a 10 per cent, divtdond. ' Tho independence of Swaziland has boon affirmed. Tho Kaiser William is at Osborne. Isle of Wight. Cape colonists objoeting to the influx of ^ Chinese 1 British squadl on at Buonos Ayres protect- ing Gorman interests. ! Latest New YorksiUor quotation, 4s SJd. por Ounco. i i Proposal to make Prince Waldomar i uler in Bulgana finds increasing favour. Wheat in tho English rountry markets is jilstjiiott worth 33s. lOd. per quarter. Intonso heat prevailing m Southam Statos of Amorica. Many deaths fiom stinstroko. Major Paliuo, of tho Argentine Army has boon poisoned Dynamitard schonio to blow up the Em- peror of Germany frustrated. Australians t Kont - Runt, first iunings, 145 ; Australians, thrua wickets for 34 | The King of Dohoraey makes important territorial cessions to tho French Govern- ment. ¡ Terrible fire at Mount Atlios. Famed raouastaries destiojod and twenty reclusos burnt to death. i, Tho Postmaster Gonoral and Supeiinten dont of Telegraphs at Buenos Ay ros resigns ¡his appointments. I Steamer Arawatta sailed from Sydney yesterday under Union rules. Other owners will probably follow this example, 1 Lord and Lad} Dunlo happy as turtlo doves. They bato dined with VVortlioitnor, and contemplate a tour to Australia and tho 1 Capo. i Marítimo Council and Railway Sortants' [Union in No» Zealand trying to coerco Rail iway Oommissionors and steamboat owners , not to carry gooda fo a boycotted farm. Increase of allowances to witnesses sum- moned'to give evidence, and who thoroby lose wages, contemplated by Vietoi ian Go- vernment. Onsis in Victorian Assembly. Estimates objected to by loader of Opposition as unre- liable. Government hold this as want of confidence motion. WE leam that Sir CiuuLEb DILKE having; had sent to him a number of Thf Mercury, in which some criticism | appeared on his constitutional opinions in regard to Victoria, has replied by saying that he has no sympathy with " the pretensions of Upper Houses." In' connection with this, we may state i that some < time ago an article < was sent to the West- minster Review, which dealt with cer- tain wild statements as to Legislative Councils, which had appeared in the Independent Section of that periodical, but it was never published.' ,For these and many other things, we have . come to the conclusion that -there is ' the British Liberal mind a rooted i enmity to second Chamber*, piobabl) born of the marked aversion which is always shown by that mind totheHousel of Lords. Indeed,there seems to prevaili a feeling closely akin to that so ofteu shown by the late JOHN BRIGHT, who1 believed the Tories and the House of Lords capable ot any wickedness, and the former of whom be insisted had been the authors of all the wars in which Great Britain had everj been engaged. It is curious that is sort of feeling should sur- vive, especially in minds tfmt may be said to be in other respects nearly revolutionary. To colonists, that is, to colonists who have studied closely the forms of government and their value, such a sentiment becomes a psychological study. It is a case of the survival of the unfittest. It is akin to the prejudices which we find amongst servants and others in regard to particular kinds of food, for which they can give no reason, and who con ider it an insult to be asked to give one. Race and caste prejudices are beyond explanation, and BO we must say are the pre- judices, which appear to exist in certain British minds against Upper Houses, even in minds which we might expect to find receptive, and ready to consider all questions on their merits. We say British mindB, because no such pre- judices exist in America, where we might expect, if they had îeason at all for their basis, to find them flourishing in "the utmost vigour. Americans do not talk about " the pretensions" of the Federal Senate, nor do we.hear anything about " the preteusions " of die State Senates}, all of which deal freely with Money Bills, in virtue of the powers con- ferred* ou them by the Constitutions of the States. These Constitutions differ on many points, but all are alike in. regard to this, that Money" BUIB may be dealt with undei the Consti- tutions the same as other Bills. No- body proposes to read between; the lines. No one is bold enough to1 suggest, at the pieseut day at all event?, ,that a Constitution,1 does'not mean what it says, but somethitig en- tirely different Largely as British law andBritish precedents have been copiefrj and are relied upon in America, no onb is hardy enough to say that a Constitu- tion must be interpreted by the prifcSce of another oountty, a country/guite unique in constitutional developments, which are changing from'vdáy1td day, until,at'jthe present tiuie' ho 'one'is able to_ say .with any,, degree qf precision whafMthe Constitution of the country really is." .It is'only in íegard to J colonial Constitutions ^hat we ' find this ' extraordinary doctrine insisted upon >by writers-'and speakers, who talk of'the powers expressly granted in 'those Constitutions, after the most careful deliberation, U.J " pietensions " We may say at once, indeed, it hardly requires to be said, that neither we nor auj body else that we know of, have any .sympathy with " the pretensions " of the colonial Legislative Councils, that is, if they pretend, as the term implies, to anything which does not properly belong to them We may add, how- ever, that we have not the least sym- | pathy either with " the pretensions " of the Assemblies, especially when those bodies, as the} are far too apt to do, claim powers which they do not posses, and solely because similar powers have been claimed by another House on the other side of the world. The whole business is, we confess, fairly unintelligible to us, and it seems to be incapable of any sound defence. We could understand a writer or politician who took up the ground that money matters must be dealt with solely by one House, because other- wise the work of Government could not be carried on We may go further. We may say that we could understand a writer who argued that the Assem- blies, as the mo3t representative bodies, should be entrusted with the care of the finances, though we might not agree as to the wisdom of the course pro- posed But we are met, on all hands, with the admission that the right of Councils to reject Money Bills is undoubted This has never been questioned yet by any tri ,bunal, though the aident spirits of Victoria once had the full courage of their opinions, and were logical enough to see whither those opinions led. Now, we may ask, is not the power to reject, when conferred by a Constitution Act, as much --a J' pre- tension " as the power to amend, when conferred in the batue manner? If the Act cannot confer the one power, how can it confer the other ? Both are derived from the same source, both are powers conferred by the people through their representatives when the Constitutions were made, and it follows, as "it seoms to us, that if the one is to bo explained away, so is the other. What is really contended for is this, that the people of these colonies have no right to make a Constitution which on certain points does not agree with the practice of Great Britaiti, even though that Constitution be confirmed with the utmost possible authority. Lord BROUGHAM has pointed out in one of his political essays that nil this sensitiveness as to the dealings of the Lords with money mattors.is mainly in the chaructor of maku-believe. What- ever voluo it may have had years ago, at the present day it is most out of place, and the cause of a great deal of unnecessary trouble and delay. If this be the case in regard to the Lords, how foolish do all the troubles and disputes in regard to Legislative Couucils appear, when we remembor that both got their powers ' from the same source. Ex- perience has shown the people of the United States, tis experience will show the people of those colonies, that it is precisely in regard to money matters that a check on the Assemblies is required, because they are the source of possible corruption, and the things which lead to combinations dangerous to the best interests of the community. Again, is it not far wiser to give to a Council the power to amend or strike out an objectionable item, than to compel it to throw out a whole Bill to get rid of one error ? If the colonies are to have a bi-cameral system, and all are agreed that such a system is desirable, why should we stop its operation just at the very point ut which it is likely to be most useful, because of some practice which has existed elsewhere, iu quite another state of society ? However we may look upon this matter, wo shall see that the, objections to the so-called pretensions of the Lagislative Councils are based on the assumption that they differ from other powers regularly exercised and admitted to be exer- cised for the public good, which assumption- is not warranted by the I law of by practice. ' THE statistics of Intorohungo, ; which have recently boon published, enable us to make some compai ¡sons, that may bo of use at tho prosont time, when there seems to be a tendency to raise some old quostions. A comparison of exports and imports from und to the vtiriouB ports of the oolony will, ' at all ovonfcs, prove interesting, and may, put an ond to sundry misapprehensions as to their relative value. We find that the value of the exports from Launceston for the year 1838 was £894,090, and for the year 1889, £8:51,478. This is without the sub-ports, which are generally in- cluded in tho Launceston roturns, though why wc are unable to discover. The oxrtorts from the Port of Hobart, including a Tew out stations and sub- ports, hardly worth taking into ucoount, for 1888, wcro £3J6,281, and for 1889, £410,024. It will be scon that in elie mittor of exports Laun- ceston far exceeds Hobart, as it is the outlot for much of the mineral wealth of the colouy. Tu imports, however, the two ports are nearly equal. In 1S88 the imports to Laun- ceston wore £737,458 ; and in 1889, £758,870. To Hobart for the yoar 1888 the imports wcro £772,103 ; and in 1889, £740,307. The ports on the North-West Coast show, as fur as eau bo judged from a comparison ot only two yours, very considerable progress. From Circular, Head the exporta in .1888 amounted to , £23,616,' including out stirtionsï ¡' and in ' 1889, to ' £46,227. Tho imports1 for tho sanie years' wore £9,244*, and £12,578 respectively. Burnie, includ- I "ine .out-stations, shows fur 1888( exports amounting to C1,753, and for 1889no less than £11,552. Evidently, a tliore, due, perhaps, tn tho progicss ot tho broakwator. The" imports for the samp years jworo .respectively,. £22,934, and £26,490 Ulvorntono and out-Btatious fur 1888 hid oxports valued at ,£9,900, and for, 1880 ut £14,719. The imports wcro for the years name'd,'£7,)y43'uild £6¡348. ''Formby shows th'c mnst'rupKl nrogrossjof 'all. ' In'1888 the exports wore Valúód^alí "£23',997, but in 1880 they had risen to-£115,774. " The imports woro^'fór" tHe3(yearsHasi'îdlloW's:-1888, <£59;099 ; and 1889,'£64,895/ ..". » -nu .. j J --uni. v ' ? ??" ' ' "¿ Iii ii j 'j mi: II jil / ililli Jil , m I A lUTTr.r.vo good .story of the Family Herald typo is .to^Ojextracted, from .the Dunlo divoice case, about which wo have boon receiving such cpuciuual hints by cable during the lust few weoke. The silly lordling and tho-beautiful actress, whose, life is, if not quito unsullied, at least us worthy as' his, ' ha'vo 'soldôin boon' morp clearly , delineated I on Mthc. Ljiagcs of roo! history, however often thoy may have been seeu upon the «pages, of fiction. That to1 the interest of the tale ono cannot idd détails that would incroaso* our'respect for our hereditary 'legislators ¡B porhupi a-p'ity,' .but thon ! when-^ we como i to oonsi 1er tho 'calibre of 'some of'the elected membres -of our 'Parliaments, they ore not. such bright stars aftor all, and huvc not in all cases beau so faithful to their Belle BiltoiiB us young Dunlo has been. As wo have au id. it is more Uko fiction after all. There is the haughty parent who cannot endure the sight of the mis- allied fenialo ; the gilded youth, who, not yet emancipated from the paternal leading strings, c insonts as a compromise to temporary separation from his bride, and there is the triumphant vindication of tile lady's oharnoter in the end. As a hero, howover little one may think of him as a man, the ordinary reader would like young Dunlo. His Australian letter, in which he assuied the girl of his fidelity and his belief in bor goodness, is In his favour; and perhaps after all they will' make a good match, the volatilo und ephemereal prevailing over actual vice in both their characters. Her ladyship will ut any rate have the knowledge which will enable her to check her spouse in little postmaritul eccentricities, and possibly, if she only plays her ords well, she may bo received by society, if she earea for that achievement. At any rate, we hoar that, on Lord Dunlo's return from Australia, he re- joined 'his wife, and they are now living together, hor retirement from the Music Hull stage being more thau probable. Let us hope that the sensational story will havo the orthodox ending - " They lived happily ovor afterwards." If wo cannot havo u moral to conclude w.th, lot us have Bninothing pleasant at auy rate. TJIL Argontino Republic muy perhaps seem very Jar removed from us'in point of interest, ' but we -cannot thereby urquit oursalves of the call for sympathy whichjiitorallyirings through the telegrams we have boon receiv- ing, from day to day rocontly, telling of *,'. people, exasperated by ' Government mis- management and financial ohaos, into 'insurrection of a moat desperate oharacter. First of all oamo f lia news of the straits (o which the community had bceu toJuood by the bank crisis ut Buonoi Ayroi, u fact to which .is porhups owing tha circumstanco that it was tho city poocilo who first roso in arma, and domandod tho resignation of Pre- sident Colinm. Thoy would bo mo c ¡nclinod to fool the pinch ot the disinter than tho poiplc in tho provincos, and thoir intense angot- muy lia vo boen rousod by tho conviction that corruption, us well as inoompo enoy, had boon at ,wirk to bring about tho ruin of thoir country. How dojp soatod thut fooling was, and the de-greo to which tho evil extent of the crisis hud boon oxpotioncod by the trading classes bf the oapitul may bo soon evon now. Though Colman has triumphed, through tho shortness of tho supply of tho insurgents' ammunition, his friands oivnnot rocominond his romaining in power, and in order to once moto roatoro tranquillity to tho nation, ho has on their advice consented to retiro from his high position. His bombastic olaim to bo the saviour of his country sounds strangely with tho echoes of tho shots of tho civil war caused by his actions, still, as it ware, ring- ing in our ears. Like the proverbial prophet, Colman has apparently little honour in his own land, and if thoy wore nil like him nobody would wondor inuoli at it. Foi- .the aako of the Republic cvet-yono wi.l wis'i the rearranged Cabinet good luck in itsattimpts to right thoir vory muoh disorganised financial arrangements. THE MAILS.-Tho Postmastor-Gonorul has roooivad u tologram stating that tho English mails are on board the s.s. Rotomahana, duo hero to morrow morning. ENGLISH MAIL.-Tasmanian mails, ox the R.M.S.S. Britannia, arrived at Melbourne, overland, yoatorduy morning. PAKIJAMKNT.-By a typographical error in our issue of yesterday, some persons wore led to suppose thut P.irliamont w as to uicot last ovi ning. Both houses, however, moot at 4 o'clock this u'terooon, anil tho ptocccd iugs will be as indicated yestorday. MILITARY STORKS.-Mr. Chisholm, mili- tary storokoopur, has informed tho Treasurer that tho s 8 Federal, oxpoato 1 hora next month, brings tho following Btoros, being tho supply for the noxt 12 months ;- Solid drawn copper friction tubes, electric vent scaling tubes, percussion and time ¡fuses, sections of fuses for instruction and cloctric dotonutors. Brass sharpened primers, gun and shell powder for 61b. ammunition, serge cartridge for timo gun, and flags and polos for army signalling. '' " CBSTENNIAL MA0A7.IKE." - Mo>Sfl J. Walch and Sons Bond us tho July number of this mugazina Au editorial suppl mont explains the cause of its tut dy appearance : -"With tho ptcsont issuo 'the "Con tennial Magazine " "complûtes the aecond year of its oxistence. During that time 'wo have been steadily increasing our circula- tion, enlarging our iuduenee, and -exhaust- ' iu¿ our treasury I Three month . ago the i situation scorn d liop-h as. With a foothold , in ovory colony, a good word from «-very roviowor, and u mire attentive audience m I Kugland than awaits the uppearunce oF any, other Australian publication, wo cnuld seo nothing but the ghosts of ill-fated magu zincs beckoning us to an un ¡moly end. Fortuuatoly, howevor, tho creditors with whom we had to deal were public spirited men, whoso faith in the m igu/.iuc was na large as their claims against it. They lie liovod that the ' Centennial ' hud A useful and prosperous futui o, and instead of killing it mid fighting over its remains joined in u determination to help it ovor tho initial difficulties common to nil, even tho most successful periodical, upon'whioli iiiuiy thousands of pounds must bo expended before any udequate return is possible With Bignal generosity, for which we cannot ba too grateful, many of our litorary und artistio contributors insiBtod upon present- ing us gratuitously with the work for which wo woro mini) c to pay in full. As a result of suth gcnural cneouragaiusnt the pro- prietary will be ro formed, additional capital placed ut our disposal, and arrangements ooncludud for prompt and rogular publi- cation in futuro. Meanwhile, our monthly issues have boen sadly late, and that is the shortcoming which on this occasion-pub- lishing us wc do almost a month behind- hand-wo ask our readers to condone. The August numbai will ulso bo late, but by Septembor we confidently hopo to have ro established a normal condition of punctuality." , ' CLERICAL ROUES.-At the conclusion of service at Chalmers Church LHIB over, ing, Mrs. T. L. Hood, on boliulf of the ladies of the congregation, will present the Rov. C. H. Talbot with a gown for pulpit purposes Messrs. H. Cook ar.d Son, of Elizubeth-stroct, were entrust d with the order, and ha\ o turned out a really firut ulass article. It was mudo hy a practical gown hand, and is of the very best Amazine silk. Tho yoko is of black silk velvet. To throw out the fullness, thus causing the vestment to havo a rich and handsome ap- pearance, a Bot of Bunill pleats, wonder- fully rogular, affix the yoke to tho-,main part of the gown. This is an undoubted indication of good woikmanship, and in this rospect Messrs. Cook huvo still more fully ostablishod their reputation. The ladies of the congregation Bubscr.bcd tho neoessary funds. The piesentatiou will not be made tho occasion of uny demonstration. _, u . BELTANA.- Yesterday, a number of ladies and gentlemen, at the invitation of the pro- prietors of this suburban property, paid a visit thereto, the occasion being denominated on the invitation card an "Arbor Day." In reality the busi- ness of the day was to dedicate a new road running through the property, which had been handed to the Crown by the owners, and to plant along its borders sundry commemorative trees. The party were conveyed to the scene of operations by the steamers Success and Result (O'May Bros.), and were first taken a trip round Giel- ston Bay and thence to Coomela Bay, where a neat little wharf has been erected, and at which spot a landing was effected. Arrived on the road site, which runs from Lindisfarne Bay through to the main road, Clarence to Richmond, and is two miles in length, it was arranged that the trees should be planted equally on both sides of the boundary line, severing the Clarence and Richmond Municipalities. A photograph of the group having been taken, trees were planted by Mrs A. E. Lord, Mrs. Featherstone, Sir Lambert Dobson, Mr. N. Lewis, M.H.A., Hon. J. Watchorn., M.L.C., Mr. Featherstone, M.H.A., Mrs. M. Weston, Hon. W. Hodgson, M.L.C., and the last by two little folk, Miss Fisher and Master Beedham Milsom. Subsequently the visitors were entertained at luncheon, this being provided in a marquee by Mr. Haywood. The toast list which followed was as under:- "The Queen," "The Governor and Lady Hamilton," "The Parliament," proposed by Sir Lambert Dobson, responded to by Hon. A. E. Lord, A. Coote, H. I. Rooke, M's.L.C.; Messrs N. Lewis, and C. E Featherstone, M's.H.A. "Local bodies," proposed by Mr. Justice Dodds, responded to by the Mayor of Hobart, and Wardens Lamb (Clarence), and Wright (Glenorchy) ; "The ladies," proposed by Mr. W. A. Finlay, responded to by Mr. Castray ; "The Press," responded to by Mr A. Morton ; and "Our entertainers, Messrs. Beedham and Simmons," proposed by Sir Lambert Dobson. A return to town was made at 4 o'clock. SHIPWRECK RELIEF SOCIETY.—A meeting of this Society was held yesterday at the Town Hall. Mr. James Harcourt presided, and there were present—Rev. J. W. Sim mons, Alderman Baily, Messrs. R. R Rex, Leo Susman, and T. M. Fisher. A satisfac- tory report was submitted in regard to the subscription lists, it being reported that over £66 had been collected. Mr. Fisher stated that he did not expect the Guiding Star to arrive in Hobart for a month, and that he did not think the families of the crew were in any immediate want. It was stated that Captain Miles had promised to lend a steamer for a river exclusion in aid of the Disaster Fund, and that the Filibuster Band would probably give a concert. It was agreed to insert in the newspapers a pre- liminary advertisement of the subscription list, and hold another meeting on Tuesday next at 4 o'clock, to receive complete sub- scription lists and revise them, with a view to advertising them in the newspapers. THE GtMKUi' AKKAIR.-We «tuted yester- day that the brigude of,tlie Guaids hud boen sent to Bermuda, in consequence of the recent troublo, whereas wo should huvo stated that u battalion had been sent away. The trouble was with one battalion only, not with the brigade. I WKSLEYAN LITERARY ASSOCIATION*,-"Tjhßi Association meeting last evening ,WA« fairly »?oil attended, the Chair being p-cuplefl by tho 'Revi 8/ T. Withington. The subject under disouaiion>was *' IÀy>pmahingt!'3M.r. Smith .opening the debate, ¿and being foi-' lowed by Messrs. Johnson, Kirby, Maddi- son, and others. The proceedings wore ap ? parently thoroughly enjoyed by all present. DRUIDS ToltOIIMflUT PKOUT.SSION.-TllO torchlight procession organised hy the local branch of the Anoient Ordor of Druids passod off most successfully last night A sturt was made »bout 8 o'clock from tho Working Men's Club, Livorjiool-streot, and with toi «lion ablaze, and bonded by the Ci y Rand, tho principal stroots woro traversed. Tho oileot was heightened by the oooasioiial burning of coloured lights und disohargo of rockets. Heading the procession rodo Super- intendent Pedder, ami following bim woro Marshals Bros. J. Foarnlny mid 0. Wilson. Tho City Bund woro tho next in oi-Jur, and then caine a Iori y, profusoly dooorutod -with ovorgroens, occupied by Arch Drnid Bro. Mingan, ami his two childron, tho throe crowned with mistletoe, for whicli DruidB had a spocial rovoronco. On this vehicle, i-oprosontiiig » temple, stood the altar, and tho Arch Druid carried tho golden knife with which the mistletoe of ancient days was cut. Guarding this importantfaotorworo Bros. Arnott mid Luke Walton well mounted. About 60 of tho brothren, with thoir whitu robes and flowiug boards,woruplaced botwoou this and tho Ion y from which the (iraworks ? were .discharged by Uro. J. Langford, and ¡ a 'similar numlior brought up tho roar. The ' mounto I guardians woro Bro. Secretary Henry, una Bro. H. Young, and Bros. Gatos and F. Kalbfell wore responsible for arrang- ing nil mattors connected with tho ordor ^of march. Moss s. A. G. Webster and Son lent tho lorries, and Bro. Luko Walton also found' five of the mounts used by the officers. Tho strcotB along the lino of march wore thickly thronged and a largo crowd swollod the procession. Notwithstanding this, and the awkwardness of turning Boino of the cornofs, the polieo kept good order, and the wholo affair passed off-without the slightest mis- hap. ' TASMANIAN ROWING ASSOCIATION.-A mooting ' of this Association was held last night at the Ship Hotel, to considor as to ita futuro movements. Mr. J. Todd was in the chair. There woro also prosout Mossrs H. 'Nicholls, A. Stuart, C. Hoytou and Willing. Mr. Nicholls said ho bud written to the Northern clubs-tho Mersey and South Esk-asking thom to appoint dologutos for the mooting. The Launceston club ropliod that they woro not eligible for membership, as thoro woro not 25 mombora on the roll, und from the Mersey Club ho bud not rocoived any roply. lie bud written to tho luttor club on many previous occasions as to tho holding of the annual meeting, but his lottors hadnot boon acknowledged. It was decided that the Mersey Club Bhould bo aguin written to, asking thom to appoint dolegutcs to attend a mooting to be held on Priday, the 15th inst., on which night a resolution will bo passod as to the wiuding up of tho Asso- ciation or othorwlso. if a reply is not sent the club will then be considered out of tho Association Tho general idea at the meet- ing .seemed to bo that' if tho . Northern members do not take any activo part in the work of the existing Association un attampt sliould.bii' made to form a Southern Rowing Association. Crrr POLIOE COUKT.- Befoi-o Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., yesterday. Margaret Con- lan ,was , fined 5s. or seven days for being drunk apd, incapable.. Like penaltioB wera imposed on .). VV. Hiu-p and tëliza S nibil for being),,drunk and disorderly. William! Smith pleaded guilty to a charge of beingi idle and disorderly, mid was i-ont to guol for ,two months. Two disturbers of the < pouce, Jirst offenders, were ordered to pay 5B. each ¡ or go to gaol for se-von days. [Mr. W.iP. Green, J.P., ut 11.20, took a scat on tho1 Bench.] ¡Viichaol und Martin-Gorhum up-1 pcurod to uu informutiou embodying a> churre of trespassing,' but tile compluiuaut was not pre,eut. ino case wus adjourned for a week, us it was thought by the Bondi th it tho complainant waa under a mis appt olionBion us to the day ou which tho ouse wus to bo culled. GLENORCHY FRUIT BOAKD -A mooting of tluGlouoichy Fruit Board wus hold on Mon- day evening, 4th inst. Present : Messrs. H. S. tt. Wright (ohaii-iiiun), W. Wudsloy, J. Dickinson, and A. Promlin. Apologies wein received from Messrs. W. Murray and S. J. Cato. Tho minutes of tho last meet- ing weie toad and confirmed. Tho inspec- tor, Mr. S. H. Gould, read his report which was adopted uud considered satisfactory.' A mem" was received from the chief inspec- tor, Mr Tuburt, informing the Board that Fid. per acre would bo Iovied on the orchards within the district for the purpose of Scotion ino i of the Codlin Moth Act. Some orders wore .issued for the cutting down of decayed fruit trees within tho fruit district of 'Glenorchy. Af tor a general disoussion on the fruit industry the Board rose.- , \ ? ? HOBAIIT GAS COMPACT -The liulf-yoarly general' mooting of shareholders in the Hobart Gas Co. is to bo held ut tho com- pany's office at 3 o'clock this after,,oon. Business is of tho usual ohaructor, rocoption of roports, declaration of dividend, and election of auditors. . , i s I CASCADE BREWERY COMPANY. - íAn ordinary general mooting of shareholders iii the Cuscaae Brewery Co. is to bo held ut the ofiioe,'Co'lin8-street, at 12 o'clock to-day, The half-yearly reports and balunco-sheot iwill be submitted, a dividend declared,,and two diioctors oloctcd. DRUIDS' BALL -This evening the Druids' Ball is to take plaoo ut the lixhibitionj tuiildiug. Plain'and fancy drcBaes ure to be worn, and visitors will be admitted to the galleries on puyinent of the udvortisad pi ico. i , ] COOKERY LESSONS.-Mrs. Woolvou holds a class this aftoriioon for instruction in cookery. She also intends giving two extra dessous on invalid cojkory und two on con- fectionery.! Tile olussos'appour to bo'muoh 'appreciated. ' ' . , CITIZENS'1 LIKE ASSURANCE1 ' COMPANY - We have'received a copy of the annual ro port'W^thia' company, which, we undoij .uland, has boen registered for,- busiucss ' in 'Tusmania', the necessary deposit 'of '£5,000 as'guaran too in the hands of thoGovornnWnt having been made. ( I .i .THE . PUIMATK OK AUSTRALIA. -TIlO 0011- ' secration of the Rev. Saumarez Smith tojthp, 'Bishopric of Sydney look place at St. Paul's Catliedral.ou July 24. !l'ho..cprumonial, was .mqi e than usually impressive, UB three other clergymen wore .consoorutod at, tho, sumo time. They wore the Rev., Duiiiol ' Levis Lloyd, ' somociine headmaster* of ,Christ's College, Brecon, who succeeds Bishop Campbell us Bishop of Bangor ; the Ruy. iJ,' 'W,. Festing, who is now Bishop of St Albans ; and the Rev. John Lloyd, who*1ias jbccomonthc 'Bishop Suffragan of SyvanBeaj. j The, Arohbiuhop of. Canterbury ,was uBsistejl,' by;,tbe"iBisliops, of jLondon, Carlislo, Licli- : fiuldnliradfoid, Marlborough, Coluhoster, ' -Llandaff} St. David'*, tho Riglit Rov. T. C. Cumpboll, and,,Bishop Barry. The pro- cession «IIB very imposing, the Dean, Canons, 'Prebendarles,.,ota., of thot Cathedral pro ccdiug the Bishops and Archbishop. There, was aiij uniiBuully lurgo congregation. Tho I music wus exquisitulyrcndoied by Lhe.clloir. The Archdeacon ol London (Dr. Sinclair) pieicbed the sermon, his toxt being the 20th and 2lHt-versus of tho 17th chapter of the Gospnl of St. John. His theme was tho virtue of spiritual unity in tho chinch. The preacher saul that all those present ought to unite in joy over,the visible cohesion typified on tbib supreme day of this their alignât Church. They wore sending out a chosen bishop to the greatest of British colonie.). To all the new bishops lies* addressed tile same udvioc. In au uge of restless activity and inordinate individualism they would have u heavy re- sponsibility upon thom. The Church stood^ in ncod of the spirit of wisdom, of strength, and of sound mind. The function of a I bishop was to govern; the virtue of a bishop was the virtue of a rulor ; the Ciiurch, after all her long poriod of development, neodod reminding that she had a great history bohind her, and that the prime duty of obedience I must not bo forgotten. " To J ou," he suid, " I appeal with something of wistfulness to be united in your policy and strong in your | rule." Bishop Smith hasfolttlio shock of his wife's death very s-vcroly. They hud been married 20 years, and had a family ot 'one son and seven girls, tho eldest boing l8 years of ago. MrB. Smith caught cold when accompanying her husband on a visit to London to arrange about ibu voyage to, Sydney. At first no ill effects wore feared, but the day before her death inflammation of the lungs commenced, und the end was then vory rapid. The rcsldenti of Birkenhead were very sympathetic. Thoy had subscribed a testimonial amounting to £550, but, under the circumstances, they decided to p eseut it privately to^tho Bishop. VICTORIAN COAL.-III making his Budget Speech in the Victorian Assembly on Thurs- day night last, Mr Gilles read a memoran- dum frow_Mr. A. W. Howitt, tho Sooretary of, the Mining Department, which showed Ltliut after exhaustive tests of tho lignite or brown coal deposits of Gippsland by the de- partment during the past 15 to 20 years, the deposit had boon proved of little value, though.it might be used with advantage in some instances. The momorimdum. stated that if producible at a vory cheap rate, and used under proper conditions, it would .Sei ve fpr domestic purposes and stationary engines ; that it was of little use us a source of illuminuting gus,_but thut for a heatiug g'is some means of utilising it might be .lound. Uhose who haye (m3 opportunity,of ?inspecting the,samples of so-called coal at the Exhibition Building, Molbourne, have been convinced, without waiting for official i dictum, that it is very poor stuff. THE WüLDnoitouQH SAPPHIRE. - The Launceston Daily Telegraph publishes the following - paragraph i-Tho- suppliiro re- cently unoarthod uy Mr. W. Goyno, of Weldborough, has givon riso to groat diversity of opinion as to ownership. Tho gem is Buid to woigh-ovorSoz., and to bo of grout purity nnd depth of colour. It is freo from flaw or fracturo, and is no doubt nu exooedingly valuadlo com. It is probably the largest sapphire found in the world." Local ox ports valuo it'nt sovcral thousands 'of pounds. The sapphire was found on the property known as tho WnvorlytT.M. Co.'s claim, and it is not unlikely- that some dis- puto will ariso as to tho rightful possessors. Tho gonorul opinion is that tho Government will claim it, thara being no clause in tho Mineral Act lagaidlng gem mining. PIRE AT THE GAIETY HALL, Mhi.nouRNE. -Tho Argun of Monday givos tho following ¡report of i tho narrow osoiino fiom dostruc ¡tion by fuo of tho Guioty Hall, Melbourne ; ¡brief r. forcnoo to which has been, already mude in our cabin mosnagoB :-"Yos'orduy 'morning, shortly before 7 o'clock, the char- woman engaged in c'oauing the Guioty Hall, i willoh is uttaohoil to the Fulaoo Hotel, in 'Bmrko-Btreot, discoveted that somo of tho sconory on tho stage was in flames. She ¡immodiitoly ruisod an alarm, and a tele- phone message was sont to tho head station of the Insulanos Companies Brigade Tho 'Insurance, Ca-lton Brewery, and Albion | brigades turned out in responso to tho cul1, butboforc thoir arrival on the econc the einployeos of tho hotel had got a lioso tn play on the flumes, and with tho assistance of the brigades tho Aro was soon extinguished. The drop curtain, portion of the proscenium, and several b rdor cloths woro ttostrnyod, und, a good deal of tho scenery on the stage Vas damaged by water. No cause can be sug- gested ns to tho origin of tho uro, and tío person as far as can bo usoortained had boon on the stage aftor the lights woro pufcout on tho conclusion »f the performance on S itur-, day night. It ia impossible that the fire could liuvo smouldorcd ull night long, fur tim fittings of the stage aro of a highly infhim mablo naturo, and must soon have1' been burnt. The hall is always easily accessible fiom tho vostibulo of the arcade, and it ha-t boon suggested that somoouo might have wandered in and cither accidentally or in- tentionally set fire i to tho place. Toe early discovory of tho outbreak and tho prompt measures taken for its extinction prevented a di astron» ennfi.gration. The damage which has boon dono will be repaired to day, and the Slado Murray Burlosquo and Variety Comp my, which is at present playing there, will appear to-night as usual. It is au nou'iccd by udvortisomont that a reward is ofiored for any., information as to the causo of tlio firo." THE SHEARING DIWIOULTY.- The Argus of tho 2nd inst. says the work of organisa- tion of activo dofenoo prapatutions is being satisfactorily procooelod with by pastoralists. The various shipping firms arc being inter- viewed, and it is expected that arrangements will shortly bo completed which will ensure tho d«floatoh of non-union wool. Should overwhelming difficulty be experienced in gotting the ships' loaded in Molbourno the wool will bo sent to S) dnoy for shipment. In that 'city the docks aro in the hands of private, convpuuioB, who confidently assert that thoy^cun'^et tho^ships loaded. The Pastoralists' Union is quietly perfecting its arrangements, and in the course of the next fru tinghi the «hole plan .of^ campaign will lie coraj loted/,1 Tho-'nVrnbors" of the Pas- toralists'Union are fully alivo to the fact, that 16 successfully cope with the " cordon of unionism " which is to bo "'diawn r^undj tho Aiutr Jian continent," a corre pond ngi combination niu't bo efibcted hy employers I of all cliis'sos of labour engaged in the boy- cott. Accordingly within the next few days it is probable the Pastoralists' Union will liuvo afiiliatod with the Emp'oyors' Union. Considerable support will bo given to the movement by leading men in the financial world ns Boon as tho plans of the Pastoralists' Union aro completed. Everything is re- ported to bo proceeding entisfactorily, anti Bomo important developments arc expected uhortly. ANOTHER EASTING MAN.-Tho man Succi, who fns'od for'40 days in the Westminster1 Aquarium under the "eyes of "a'mixed com- mittee of journalists »nd doctors, has now a rival in M. Juoqua«, who has fasted for six weeks. Jacquos profeBBOs to have ', dis- covered ap >wder, compounded from various, herbs, which will support life for in my weeks if ouly half an ounce per diem is con-1 Bumod ; und ho, professes to have used this powder 'with -effect, not upon himself, but upon others during tho si-ge of Belfort. A medical examination shortly before the faut liega i showed Jacques to be in good health and precisoly 1381b 2oz. in weight. It may b - added that M. Jacques allows himself to smoke cigarettes. ' A Bio SQUAD.-Four of the biggost artillerymen in the Now Zealand service,' probably in any tervico, ure stationed at Lytteltnn. Some timo iwo they wore all in nno,squad,', .that detailed for duty ut Ripe,' Island. Tho average hoight of that squad was 6ft 5Jin , and their average weight 15sti 61b. 'The shortest man of,tho four is 6ft. 2in. jin < height, and tho tallest ? 6ft, Oin. The lightest of the squad wuighs 14st. 21b., und -the lio'ivie8t,',wlio is also tho tallest, turns tho soalo at ovor 17st. , ', i ' , WHAT 'IS 'AN ORHÍÍNAL PACKAGE ?-RO cciitly tho Supremo Court of,the United States decided on an appeal'from the State of Iowa, i which lias adopted a constitution d amendment, prohibiting, tho, liquor 'traffic, that no State undor too"Federal constituí t on which .vests in, Jdangrogs the jpow. r to rogu'ale intestate commerce, J can interfere either by liccnso or other« i«c to lesttain the sale ofliquora ,or other, goods iiu lOiiuiiul ,paokagcsasimportedfiom foreign countries«* tiom other S tutos., Immediately un. the hear iug of this decision inn' extoninve, traffic sprang up in "or/glual'packages," which wcio put up in. the, npn-nrohibition St"ites in single bottles, áñd^eyen m .flusks.upiitiiiiiiiig .single drinks, encased,,in ,small boxes,"'and shipped by ' thousands tif¡ ^ansr-s,, Io« »j .Maine, úiiíf otlier.States that have prohibited the liquoi .traffic, CpngiesBhasbeeuusLed ti cometo tue rcsouo, and ^ïlie^enoto his passod a biHjwhioh^will no doubt be pus ed in the House of Repnaeutatnos, pro\ fling that nothing contained in tho fntesla'-e Commcroo Ant shall bo construed to restrain tho power of the) soveraUJätatos/b) liegnse or othorwiso to leguluta the liquor ttathc withm thoir dwn borders Mean« bile the question «hut is an original pueku¡.e ' is a ¡subject of jiiudLvdisousslon/ 1 i I' ,1 , / -,-,- , O INioHotLS, GLOBE BnawiKV, begs lot draw attention to hia very ¡superior Stoek to Choice Winos and Spirits A Singlo, Bott o maybe had at Wholosalo Prices, ¡also his Mult Ah, which obtained tho highest awards at tlio Mel bourne Centennial Lxlnliitioti I 1888-80, which may bo had in Quarts and Pints Dandelion Ale, a Itofioslung Summer Drink, and which is guaiaiitoed to keep in i all chinatas, may bo lud in Quatta and Pints This Alo ts extonsi\oly used in all the Ans traban Colonies, also by the General Hos m tal and tho -Tasmanian Go\ernment, and highly recommended by tho medical profes sion as a tonic for Purifying the Blood and Acting on the Liver 