LION-HUNTING. Advcutures of a Catcher of the King of Ilyasts. While troppiel lions in the lololentot ootutry for in llsunburig nolima lotunw, 1 had opportsuitics for ?oiog tlhea king nof bonasts ast his best, nud for mahing closo ob nerevatiOns ot hIl traits of charnaoter. \Vhen a so-onlled lioasslau.er tells yl thaint hIe unolderlatnldn hie plctu o wsll no ii they were human beioog, there is apowerful signilioanci in his words. 1io uondorstondc thems na well, but no bettor, nod this means hourly Frcil to himn. IL live dseepernle ciminloa oh e slshut lip il a0 room, noid kaetler eutered it sceeral timru n daly to whip tllem sibolut, lie would bo in sL saonme peril as the msn among thu iionls. No two lions are dlikLo except in a few lendin I.trmta, oiy mnore thn anoy two men ara .liko. Every lion is etslupoised to rosl n1 night lthcn abroad fti r tprey, bit not haill of them do so. \Vhln ~yol ri:nd oi ore uhr.r~gilyi ilto s camp oyou t:orio slii Coutiroge, bI:t fo oecryor.oi nucb Croe I Culs elio eull eii.?hre th I n 'luull csd tah ott like a llsog. Y l rei vct find him twice lil:kc. 1 ! lusy chnlel you in thie evning, alnd run s .I yoill in theo illl. coo i. lie i?ay ceio r0:uin abous i youu" nilip oce hieht, pilltin 1 ) you in iiu iihi sin gnes?n: to idefy it bla::i: b lircs ii;d ithe wide awake huisltee. and vi.u nets nii, 1:c tIu Tl'elll r~l n;OS il . OA coo.lh'h~~n ~ 000,g Lljlll oliili nitil ele LII li Iielleilellt hotr, ilo t001 a1? wle o ii l;ii il., i nlteio ie -./i ot a OlOll ylnr y IIII? IIlmuqrll~ o?,'(, r- yrl3 to!l~l. ?'?'J |ladl hert' el. orlvll, ua/?: I I,oun,,) cm I !t=?'d;i ?Ilr:lt w l Lllirr~ o Pl.~~L)O.: tw\\.o [?etw cf r"= 1,. It wa'n int the ]ion outseU L), antd they'? nII,:?,bt 1t <s I At'e to al. p |roachi tt nIightl, bul: uo the econd)~l h[d{}runl}?; LI o? oour th:nl.p while 0.|| lure? eminged?.,? it deltln. I ?iudlyiCly rait?cd I ituilped tl:h?t colme ri 1 ll l unimele hdl ctil?edli, nod ron os?nild Slhe Isw igon to 0e, I lhait vilw Iof tle o ?iPce I betcween usir and Ie ccrls. Thin crIck ,,slI won lundire iC?cL iway, I.nd wOs co Ilcatly dry th.t oone couldi ;tip tceroao it. Thiu tnk on lho !tlhcr ciduo 0a rocLy iroulnd, prctry thickly oovcrcd w I th *crub, nmd iglht in tho blink otood onll of the largest lione I over enw. Ie was out in full view, hend nll toil up, and stood so etill for n anomeon that I doubted if he was alive. There was a light brceeo blowing toward us, and nas ooan as our aninalsl got the scent, it required the niorts of every ns.tivo to prevent them from breaking oway. rly guns were being cleaned and oiled, and my two whito companions were looking after tlicirlhoslr." No one had the Irnst idea that the lion meant mischief, and we woro pro. onntly duofounded to roe hint Fpllil? r 0neo0s t'.le clrnl; nl comno walking into camp. V o measured his leap, and found it to b tiw n:y eight feet. Ine made it without an effort. I was to thei right of him, nnd thoe rotro of tile oulml was hin ol jeetive point. The lion advanced at a walk, uttering no nound, and thie ehout, sForculnn, and owhcops of the men, backed by the bellowingl of thlo cattle, nod the nouots of the horseo, had no itfoat on him. WVo had a new milclh cow tied to lth wllhel of ono of tlIe waggona, and tlh lion advanced to within thirty feet of her, and then made a spring whn;h lauded hibl fairly upon her back. lho fell in a heani, and he seirocd her by tho neck, gave her two or three ahekoo which broke the grass rope around her head, and he then got his right shouhldonndor her, ohid started off. .Tho cow no,?ept h-tk-nlrs li'e hundred jounde, but ho carried her with perfoot cae, her hind feet dragging on thOe ground, At the creek hoe mas an jump of eleven feet, neconding a aloping bank without ahalt, and soon dicappeared in the broken ground with his prey. 11o was gone beforo we hald a gun ready. Indeed, we wereo lucy not to have lost half our animals. I was no greenhorn in the animal businece at this date, but this was the first time I had over witnesFceduch cheek in a lion. Iend I bwon told that lie had such courato and coolncen, I should have laughed the otatemont to As soon an order hod been rcstered the tlreeo o us mounted our hordon, and, pro. Ceded by lien or sin natives and their dogs, croesed tlhe creol and took up the trail. After going about hall a mile we discovered the lion Eitting besido thIe conr?o in a little hollow. 110 wS eittling up like a dog, hend turned towards ie, hut as soonl an ho uonw us divide he ran off with his tail down, evidently thoroughly alarmed, and suoh was hislpee l that we soon lost him. iWe could count on his returning to the body during Ihe night, nod the nativco wero throroforo oet to work to dig a pit nod conceal it. They regarded the lion as being as cunning nas ho was wise, and the pit was not dug near the body, but thirty feet away from it, and in the direotion in which it was believedho would drag the body. If a lion or tiger leavos n body during the any, and returnu to it at night, tho lint act In to dra? It iunom dldItnca, as itf tearing n. a nt,luo?ade,.~ ., ilt'tho rule I, not inttart. rLtc-.t,-L.lif pool in moot oaser -"..-- ?( a.liding thl night a uioznOl Ilolxo reottlctd Iriu, dou r co Ulllt) t without cnunitI a1ny 4l1lr1l1, IIl noon iller dytlight theo ItLivee w, rit ilu to iinvetigantO tho trap, No hunter cvt r I?d iohnl wtindfll boelfor or rineo, As Ill;lt llln crvera l olu nmust have toeunted lie ?atouieC, and itllllred for i leaet,. Thu tllllItul ovn?r ont fletcd, of couron, and thcln wn t fli.ht, tht re'nlt of nwhich wos that thrct fullj.rown tonlco tumbled into our pit. 'L'la fract di ot prevent otllre front pile. lug thle creante oleot. One of the captiv!s on I the oheely old follow trho hlod enllttrd our campl, nrld the otlhir two were folly ot lorger, In the courea of the forenoun we had thmll out Iald in the unger, and two of thlcn enro In the Uulited ?itee to day it 10o. logifcl Ignrdleus, 'lITher are plitly of finstnnian wheto 111011 hlvut hirtc oPilfd bo y Ionu andll lived to rhlalo the plnrtlactlule, Ihoul o t no t oo ter u t uollrtatiolt , A wcuk Iuhlegoh utI In ourunp. Ltlo t Ilit tlhreo Iotlo hI inl lpent out witll somno of Ilio Indlv to rrpfrteo nallt in a rfciy rvitlln. \\\'0 hId hluilt .n tullt pen ofI raliho niid log oli plnaced it coll a it bhIt. h'le1 n wolo nanrly Ilni? ni no \ut0 urltld for camp, illl I 1i o e l till the I to Ilelu t I.ltlpicIl n the peluiinci of go o r, uall o lion, whi0h tlll lll H'Clle.I o( d111 i1rl .lllljl Ii ll I w lJ+:h hltl b nll tcruo?llllili. h1,ir0l1 Ibll,,l- , i.I nlII g 1ril l ll cy 1 h1 li l ll l i ll I ,tll 4, r. i i i n I , i ; '+d'h l , 1 , wtv I, l 1 lh t .( , h I? i t 1 ,11, t11!:, t i,;:I ' 1, th in 1ixhw + !th,; i1,1~11 i lt b 1 1111 1111 1n r I }p 111 i 11,1 iI, t ill r,'+ I fll III I mlly b iaIe lhll in (,I w1111 pIn ltOu o lly tmliddle, facing01 the uIl ntho h1111h I rprnwling eiaYiCly. Thou ica ii uvff nbius thteo hundrcd Ices and thenl inillad, which wac, doubtlceo, thlererioi wvhy I waa not oar ricd cIT at calcc. I Call coy without cooceit that I woolnirly pool. It had coma no cuddvoln thot I hod not time to get rattled' I had been told by an old Boer hunter that if I ever found myself in this tin to appeal to the lion's feasn. ad I mtoved nmy arm to got my lpitol, the beast would have lowered his head anld lsizod my throat. So long ason I lay quiet ho would reason that I was dead. nld Rivo his attention to the nntiveo. All of n sudden I arloed out like a dog, followed by a grol, and thllt beant jumped twenty feet in hie surprise. Ile came down between me and the natives, and I tumrnd enough to ste thtLt hi tail wno dowln anl that he was toL:tedl. I uttered furthCer bas I and groewlo. but soiLhouo t moving sI hand, and, after n:nlio;.; a cirel olear around oeo, tha liot Lulled anti wcnt c1itii Ir a searosnbiob I would las; I hlim a weok. L 1 You hand 0 Piokcdl Upa 1: I ýttiek u d ilia. l yoaou- WouldI Irnro 'o c?juelt ls th lion did. Ii nun.. Ioard ho I.d pulled t'on a man. The mroin turned into dog. It pppouled to his Aflter tli. lion had gone I grow to wenak that I hadRt o bo carric I t, c:nmp. ile had it Ilicted a l rctty :roevlo bit l on my shoulder, auod it waoa"l fortnight bhfore I could hold my Fnu fcr an offbirnnd bhot. I had the plre tioe of a captive during thia timeo to cor. rolc loe, however. No animal wont near the coullon tmh I0trt or the rccond, but on.the third wo c.ptured ta flo half.growl mole, o;nd Lgot him calged without Irouble. Uuriouely enough, to had oft.rel the uil not violence, being overcome by the itllotton, and when we found hinm the two eccmcd to be on tlhe bhot of tcrme, About four months later, on the Orange 10i01r, I had n close call for sly life, with no, eria at hand to aid onn by dlstracting the attention of th lionll. 1 had only one wihitl man wlith l ero, and he was ill of fcvor. We had dug 0t pit on a path Ifcqtlcntcd by lioen cornitg down to drillk, but wera mIlulh annoyed by othlr aninale falling into it. On the liral night we caught two Ihycnan on thoe rconda panther ; on lthe third n wild hog. Thece would h ave b en 1ri::.a ihad we not been after lionls and lions alone. On the fourth night I uelatiord u coupl! of natives in a Ite nner the path to frighten d i all gamlo but liuns. They 0were huntere, and k, new the walk of t tlion Ioroo that ol any othlr beast. When goitg doun to drinki tlu lion gtlerally 5nif51i thle oir, probably to cas what gamen is abroad. O.1 a rou0 h: path lis tread it as o?vroy ? s I tOan'ls, and lod one who ha0 hulnted him nred heo afraid of maltislg a rml take. Oa thio night, alter the nativce h1ad driven sovcral 110?r1Ces llinoalo away, a large lior. 01ad lioacns came down the path. Wlhrn filst dirc.verc1d, the lion ovtnos lhead, but he got the rccr,t of Itheo morn in te tree, and etoplptd hort to growl and trifl, while the liotces, whoi wat, perhaps, very thirsty, advanced slowly and wcnt down into tlhe pit. iho pit was two milho frot our entop, and wo heard nothing of the row whiO l took place When the IHon discovered the trick plnaed on his mnate. Ilo tore around for a !poll like mrd, and then lay down at the foot of the treo nd besieged the raeo. As soon nl it woe daylight I leftcnarp on horn!. baok to ride over and aca hnot luck. I tode straight for theo plac, and, whel within forty rods, called to Ithe on. They an. swercd at once, and though I could rot make out what they Eaid, I koow that they wero exclted over soonclhilg. 1 was riding nround a clump of treen on to Rn opolen epce, when m?y horro nttddettly started. Next instant 1 wao on the ground, and a lion standing over meo, and I could hear the horso tnarinto away through the scrub ,hke mad, The lion had pulled me down, nearly tarilng the back out of my coat, vest, and ohirl, but not drotingl blood withll hi clawo. As in tihe prIvioua 5co0, I wne not ft ightcned, becouse it had oecurrrd eo soid. dontly that 1 had not lime to lo se y nervoe. I was on the lb ft ailde, barehanded, anld the lilot stood for a tmoment with hi IIighlt paw on toy shoulder, loolhit, nater the hoite. 'J'The natives aow thll flelilg borse, knew very well what had happened to nle, and at once desoondoe the tree anrd nado for lcamp. I did not blesa them any, and porlnaps that very acti/n eaved my ille. I had tiae to collect noy thoughts in that einllol minute, and as I4l1d routed one lion by banking like 0 dol, I decidedl to follow the Fame plnt in Ibis ctnr, Biut, as I onid t ttio beginaning, lons ardo a unlike an men. Army flrat bark lhiss bio growned aevagofy, told ga''o tooou torriblo ie itt tie hip. lind I cricd nut ot ltetn or I~ anLy eUtruggtlo, fho wnould have I rcprnnj d mtiy feeling? nood played dead. I had a olvtr trntppcd to my bhack, bllt it vould tn dlo to renul for it. Ahllt bhi?in tno the h)ln watchenl and wait ild four lgin of lite, arnd when he oould dtloetaotiun, hL eii:d y riL t sbolouldr in hii teeth, I;slve etin Ihaho abd u tl;l, asild tnet tltloll0t I Woits blan cs"led tf ion lois loocl,. Ili ltithl didl not touch Illy Ilnth, and ul 1 Ilay 1mnott trol hlin on nily ltado, mly Ihantld snOticl thel blit of tho ruvolvtr. I ihat it out of the Irleclr In Io ?o eoonld. Whet' r the bOeann c1lt any notvetenttor not hie growled alt iluervaln, and his blrellth anttl back oni I0o ito atrOr0 that I waon ultscated?, I Iltendtl to lire Intol, Ilrln na ho irrlled Ilio along, bust h111 wat nwaynlg about so that I dared not tllri it,. Altroarryingy mI half a ifolo Ithi)onh tily aoltsh and over broklen ground, the lien inIltoed at the hend ofa n visn,, n whiceh 1l toullleonI oi had hinlior. h11 tu.ned s ?htuti , ':n If lto no it pr)el It hbil btn( 111lule, nlal the enodol of lhil' pistol canmto nlnl, ahisn ltll hip, 1fred nt uoll uud ucxt~I Ii, b It( up W I1(III tmoe rLI .ilj o L huI i llCII l pnaii. I VA Jill Ilii, liat hfo ohý'r 111'wi t 11ii Jill,? I iit i ol I il 1 i a I" I ,Wc.11 Ill I II h fif tf b i i f tIhn nhI.4It,lfe it l ii i Ii full y I xjIcv- vuI W Itido 11111 1 1) rl ofII It~8 at ln, an 1 lolly etcpcrlrd, rondo n Icnp into t(ho raving, nrod I uould hean:r Liot r nning for romeu disitnoul. I was badlyr nhokCln uLp, but l loot uo no tie in Ittinlo out o the nilth- I hathoood. nl?d in the couurre of an hour Icnohci camp. Nearly averybody wooul liookirg four ale.. Sce now Iow inuonoittently that lih. noted I Ha camet oaut into the opoe Crunuud and ohargrd the party of over twenty toren. although they had not disotthed him. fie Ihad run from mne inl Ilrs surpraso, and now felt ashamed of lhifnsolf. Il hnockcd over a native as ho charged, but was then riddled with bullets anld gava up the ghost. 