A FREE MARKET 1 Tlie literal meaning of the word “Fair,” la it* I commercial sense, ia a “free market.” In other words, a “fair”meanaaraarketat which all and every > may purchase or not without fbeinx subjected to fee or tax, and nlao where all and every can sell with out any euch disabilities os attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in tko socia and industrial life of the people; but, since tlie establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communication which has resulted, theoo fairs have pretty, well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respect*, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not bo slow and letliargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, ia a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods ; and the art now ia sought in all directions to do afl much in an hour aa 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. Tms, however, is not a matter fo marvel* If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, ia a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than 2a those “good old days” which sentimentalists ara continually regretting—people, by tho way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manner* who wrote:— M Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give ua back our own nobility.” People nowadays have money to spend, and as educ tion and a higher intelligence have taught than how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such u Foy and Gibson’s, of Smith street, CoUingwood, Bpringing into existence, whose purpose it U to supply to a well- to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the el egunciaoand refinementsofhom® life. sC. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia, We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm We have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are. conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, “it ia a sighttto do sore eyes good.” Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson’s great shops durnuj the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if ho forbear from a sit?h of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. AU moved by tho one impulse—on eager desire to avail themselves of tho advantages offered.by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to refiect that at least 00 per cent, of these crowds are ' V rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who lias become possessed of one of - hj those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of ■ •{' surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have • a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ha* .„y hitherto ruled her. Tho matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpels at . { 4s. C<1, per yard will feel a greater pride than ever ia her home. The oountry gentleman who has pur- ^ chased his suites of furniture for tho home o . . .•‘-vl which he shall presently conduct liis bride, is filled 1 with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shift less slovenly bachelor days, he has been im utter stranger. In a word, it is. Impossible for a rciiecting observer to look on at tho ceaseless influx and out-flux of visitors to this show to he insensible r: to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher - purpose than perhaps ever catered into the calcula- V '., tioas of the originators themselves. We do not sup- r . ; pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when couteraplat- . ^ ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec- . . koning the ptiilanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule morel good follows upon all honourableen- ; terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them - the important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There ia another lesson to loam from these fairs, aruj. X; v* that is, that in the hands of capable men, no a^aix*,v ' however intricate! or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. Tho rules by which this great establifllunent is governed, arc even as the laws of the Modes and Persians, A fixed system—result of long experience—nnd large business ex perience, controls cv<*ry detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may bo formed by those who haye never visited Foy and Gibson’s premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and tliat there is a depth to Little ©xford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, fill*'*! with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o’ nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and luces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, hut, as we have Mr Shakespeare’ authority tliat tliere are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on tho cauls tliat ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights nnd mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throug at Foy and Gibson’s Fairs. Teoplo—ladies in particular—wlio want a now sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy Gibson’s Fair; and if they, luirin done so do not experience a a msation a* of one who bus behold a new revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blase and played out. For such i>eoplo there is but one resource- patent—medicines,—FAovt.1 if fc'ii / 