My Simian Assistant. How I Won My Venezuelan Wife. BY J. H. CONNELLY.. A few years ago I wog in Carneas seeking lo obtain from the Venezuelan Government tho "concession" nf certain raining landB for a company in which I was interested. I represented the American investors in ibo enterprise, ono of :wblcb I was, and when I went there carried a letter ot introduction to"' tii'uv-v -..Miguel, Olivero; ; who . was: the principal one of* tho vfenczuelan gentlemen interested. » » Senor Olivera ? received meV'wiVA.: jjreat cordiality, and insisted on taking me to biir-.' house. ? I That evening, at dinner, I was introduced to the various members of his family-his widowed mother, Benora Dolores, his two Bistorp, thc Senoritas Carmen and Sara, and his maternal uncle, Jose MatoB.' Tho ono who interested me. most waa* the elder sister, Carmen, a lovely girl, with large, liquid black eyes, red hps, a'wealth of raven hair, a brilliant brunette complexion, and a faultless lluure. None of the family, ex cepting Miguel, spoke a word of English ; hut 1 could do tolerably iu ordinary conver sational Spanish, so wc managed to get along very well together, and 1 flattered myself tbnt, although Kn " Americano,'! I : bad not nn.de a bad impression, ?'* The room na*lgncd mé had two windows facing upon thc central courtyard ol' tho house, an enclosure beautifully Ulled with large-leaved tropical plants, .trees; flowers, and a fountain. Boforothe windows, ons of which opened down to its floor, was a small porch with solid- brick walla at each end mid a hammock swung between thura. This wns soma fourteen feet from the ground, and the folingo of the trees iii the courtyard was BuiHciently thick to give a pleasant abade there ntl tho day long. Tba first night in which I occupied that room I waa not a little startled by what was nt tbe time to me the wholly inexplicable conduct of thu hammock on that porch. : I bad been asleep. Suddenly I awoke with a feeling that something waa moving near me. Looking out on the porch, I could see, by : the .bright moonbeams that straggled through tho foliage, the hammock swinging violently, to and fro. There was no wind to sway it. Nobody could have got to that porch except by passing through my room, and I was confident that I bad securely locked the door before retiring to rest. But hammocks do not awing thomeelvoB. . As I gazed at the tossing net, I could make out a weight in'the corner of it, but what it waa 1 could not tell. I sprang from my bed, groped around a moment for my slippors on the floor, and then stepped out on tho porch. The hammock was still swinging, but there was nothing in it. Nothing was in sight ttat could have moved it, and thero ..was.-not breeze enough to even move the leaves on the trees. ' ' ' *.* I stopped tho motion of the thing, and re turned to my bed, rather doubting the evidences of my Bensca, and the next morn ing found it ensitr to make myself believe that Ivhad only dreamed than' to explain, if the hammock actually did swing what made it do so. So I said nothing : to any of tho family about my puzzling experience. : But the next night I laid down determined to seo if that'hammock would swing it'solf ngnin, and dropped asleep watching it. I awoke suddenly as beforo, and tho hnmmock was tossing wildly.-' A mosqujto'.net had been hung over my bed that day, and Some what. - delayed my, movements in . gottlng but to tho ; porch, but notwithstanding I could only have becu afew seconds In reach ing tho hammock. As bofore, it waa empty and still swaying to and fro. A third night tho performance waa ire feated, and remained as Inexplicable ns ever, debated with myself what I had best do under the circumstances. Taking a shot at tnuwoight in the centre of the hnmmock, " juat:for luck," did not.seem altogether a bad iden; but then I reflected that would oertainly alarm the family, and if I should hit nothing I would probably bo laughed nt, br possibly regnrded os a dnngoroua dreamer. j And wnB I likely to blt nnything? ? ; Ghosts aro by some people believed able to move choirs', tables, and evan pianos. If they, cnn, why m ny thoy not swing.ham mocks ? But whoever henrd of a ghost that had weight to ranko a hnmm,ock bulgo out In the centre ? And could'l venturo to dis Slay myself to-tho family, especially to nrmun, as n ghoHt-llndor? , . ' The ond . ot my cogitations wns'that I 'carefully took down tho hammock every night before 1 went to bed; and BO provonted1 ita doing any more awinglng. > .. . ...To get n concession from the Venoaitclaa' Government ia a matter of timo and. con tinuous effort, vThora .wv-nl\,un»»» «*w {JIMsolis tos:c Riicl ?. cunviiiv Tcbal arguments either-and nu. writings to be exchanged for pure foru._ sake, all ending with the pions and patriotic "D.yF." {Dios y Federación) ' I would haye been very much bored by the delays I encountered but for the fact that I had fallen heartily in lovo with Senorita Carmen. In fnct, this had come to such a pass with me, that where I gave one thought to our mining interests I am sure that I pave ten to Carmen. But was I finding favor in her eyes ? That I could not tell. The little witch always looked so I roguishly conscious, yet was so self possessed, that I could not guess what ber Brntiinents were though I was s-ire she must have read in my eye that I loved her. And what difficulties one hos to encounter in that country in doing bis courting 1 To exchange a few tender words with the beloved one unheard by others, who will simply lind your passion a source of amuse ment, is quite impossible 1 I tried it-ob, how often and bow vainly 1 If I, seeing ber in the courtyard or about thc bouse alone, hastened to speak to ber, before my stammering words could frame in Spanish the American love-tongue that was in my heart, one of three things would happen. Her mother would suddenly appear on the porch overhead, or Sara would come, with a gush of sisterly affection against which my soul revolted, twine ber arm about Carmen's waist, lay her head on Carmen's shoulder, and listen,- with an appreciative smile, to bear " el Americano" struggle with the Spanish language ; or Uncle Jose would pop out of some unexpected place, with a book in bis band-tbe pages generally held upside down, I; believed-and,, with a courteous salutation, seat himself near us and pretend to read. . Carmen really looked willing enough to bear me, but what chance bas a girl under euch circumstances as those 1 I determined to write to her. ; Now, Spanish is a very easy languoge to " pick up" sufficiently to enable one to get along fairly well in ordinary conversation at least, to understand others, and make himself understood in the affairs of every day life. . '? That was os for SB I had.gone in a know ledge of it at that time. I had never made any attempt to study it grammatically, and though I could very well catch the sense of what 1 read in lt, I was awfully at sea in attempting to write it. i So, as may readily be imapined.'tbs oon fancies, 'tender tboughta^Hfefc affectionate sentiments, in thittsjjBmifew^ for mo no.Mghttn.Bk to imdertaïefflHHfcJ^ ,J$nt 1 set to .work at it bravely^wuwsL grammar, a dictionary, and two travelleri?"! " ph rase-boóks.'VHow those latter inventions of the enemy exasperasted me 1 | I looked for something liko "Light of my life, I love you with all my soul I" and could only find "lt. will probably .b'e raining to morrow," "I do not want any beams,1* " The hire of the one-eyed mule will be one dollar," and all that Bott Of thing. However, I worked at my letter resolutely, and in two r>f lernoons-bad completed a rough draft of wbat I considered a very fair performance in that line-viewed in tho light of a first attempt. > When it was donp, I laid it away, under the cover of an open portfolio, > intending to make a fair copy of it tho next morning, and at tho first > opportunity slip it into Carmen's band. ....:' ??..>.'??".>.-. But that next morning I was hastily sum moned to the'presence of tho," Minister of Fomentó," on business connected' with my " concession," and did not return homo until afternoon. ^ .;. . As I entered the front door. I could hear shouts and screams of laughter rf rom the entire fanftly ot Oliveros, who were gathored in tho co/OT courtyard. . .. .'. ?:. - ? \- .Ibrji^were enjoying so heartily : some ex cellent iokb'^hat tboy did not hear my coming until I was. nmBng ttkjiav ' " Joso bcld n sheot of paper in his bund, from which ho read for time .to time, BS bis laughter permitted, phrases nnd lines. And the others-how they, did InugU 1 The old lady shook her fat Bides until Bhn declared they oohed.- Tears of merriments were rolling down tho girls' fnccs. Even my friend Miguel .shouted in an ecstasy of mirth. It wnBmy love-letter that was being read. Well, I hardly imagined that it was in really elegant Spanish, but I did not think it was so funny ns nil thnt. Since then - I have, however, fully appreciated that lt was. I wns hot and cold by ,turns, and tho changes seemed , to occur several times each second- hot to think that my private papera, had been tampered with; cold td think that this« ridicule might blicht all my hope of winning Car men's love. V ' : : ; Before I could speak, Miguel; repressed bis laughter, and addressing nie said : " I must apologise to you, my friend,-for our rudeness, but really it ia tba result of an accident. Uncle Jose saw a neighbor's pet monkey in the tree with a sheet of paper clutched in his paw, and by throwinga book so frightened him that he dropped it. '(See picture.) Joso picked it up, and naturally looked to see what it WOB. ' Well, after thnt, ot course, rending it was irresistible It WBB so funny I It ' has no ad dress or signature, but I recognised it as your, writing. Ab, ray friend, you will have yet to study before you make love in Spanish 1" ' . . ? While he was speaking I had laid out my 'course. Fortunately, os he bnd sold, the rough draft had neither nd dress nor signature. -, So, when be ceased speaking, I replied, ;wlth perfect self-posBeBsion and good humor : ..." : - " "Certainly ; that is why I am studying. I hnve practice in the Spnnish of business | and ordinary life, but I may some dny wish i to" win a -Spanish-Bpenking; J wife,' so, naturnlly, I try to: learn the.Spanish of love ¡ns well, V; That ls a .crude attempt ito. trans Tato a letter from'this book.". .' ¿Hero. I. drew from ~ my . pocket and ex hibited for a moment' a book'I chanced to have í wlth'. me, ^ entitled . " Correspondence Forms Suited for. Mercantile and : Shipping BnsineBS." ':\:-:''~':'.-'^'' . All glanced np at it, and saw that it in deed nppenred.to bo a? series o£ letters; but none of them, excepting Miguel, would have boon any wiser had they tried to rend it, and ho. did not offer\to take lt, for tunately. '?..??"-?'.-:'. .?.::/'?':?.-:.?.;"'?' '" ?'?.' Tho explanation . seemed to . bo token in. perfect good faith by nil but Carmen. She: looked up nt me with such a shrewd, knowing smile thnt I could not holp color ing and averting my eyes.: Still, aha did not seem displeased, und presently I grew bolder,; so that when Jose -who WOB quite a literary follow-began gravely nnd kindly to point out the mnny errors in my composition, and tench me what I should have sniduI found myself repoating.nfter him, as if learning them, the passionate worda in which ho put ray thoughts, and glancing furtively and mean ingly nt Carmen ns I did so. She, little darling, with thnt cunning ot thu heart that, women have . by .'? na ture, understood me, and answered with her eyes.- - . .-', '": ? . What a charming lessan lt was, and how I' secretly blessed Hint monkey! ". : t ? The monkoy t . : Ah, now I understood who it WOB that Bwung tho hammock t ' '-.Thoy told rae that ho WOB: allowed to go I quito free by dny and night, nnd that he visited all the houses in the neighborhood," clambering over the roofs ' and walls, swing ing in tho branches of tho trees, climbing up and down the tall trellis nt tba back: of tho courtyard, whero many.orcblda wore fr.stcncd - mnklng-himaeltnt. horno; ever1" 'whore'; bufhe wna y'èr^rnh^ h. 1 ne.w Carmen, it , ' appeared to be . best I coiild'do,was tó;*, >' me a lesson in love-lettci , .. when the by-play of the fin,. repeat itself. But it is only after marriage^! learns not to want any " back taíhk was exasperated by my inability^! eimile word of reply from my loyeîjîy lu . The oppressively bot season camé? Senora Olivera, accompanied by hoi ters and Don Jose, went dowe to j at Maconta. Miguel and I were loft at home, fo> day now we expected to bring our j tions to a conclusion, and¡.to~ge¿fc,.tb cession. Heaven knows, we had pan for itl At length I procured it, and ï home to tell the good news tr whom I expected to find there, pone out, leaving word, howe" would soon return. I went up to my room. That monkey was swinging in. the ' my porch, biting to bits by li letter clutched in his forepaws, an occasional slap of ono of his 1 against the outer railing, he tossed himself higher anyVb.tg't, By means of a bit of sagar T to drop the letter, which, found to be from a gi Carmen. It had arrived aftt nnd a servant had laid it ir the monkey found it. Its envelope and part of been destroyed, but on th tion of the sheet my eyes - " el,i-1:>ierit:aiio," and, tl I ought to be ashamed of t , > I ? read it. That referei , yond a question, it\me^.t.b..^ temptation too great for me to Judge, if you can, of the sa* r"~ " which I learned, in this rouf | - confidante, mai), servant p' i Carmen had confessed hé* her entire readiness to e.' ' i I could summon up coi... _ her to be my wife, .whicbfsb lieved would be\ Boon.; : ' And. her friend was:' ; ' nnHt!>.vo of ber choice, a* coursÔ^^ retnrned^rjjjj. How cbarmTfejj^«»^ were flushed, äpSÄJjv tban diamonds, ^*waS^^ afleetionate'welcorae in tESt I did not waste a momenq^hu ao our greetings were .over, aräw^.i tattored remains ot heir friend's dett^*^ handed them to her, with an explauatioB^tï^ how the sheet happened to be in such a cor^u^ dition and in my possession. *? Abi but if her cheeks-blushed before,-. - they flamed now, and her plump taper little - " . I fingers trembled as she took the shabby but - important missive from my band. ! - She instinctively knew that I had read it, . and what it contained. ,/-.?. On the Way down from Oara'oas, Ihad said: -. to Miguel, as.we rode side- by side :: V . v- v; - .;.v :,> " Senor,Oliver»,.have you. any 1 objection to my marrying your sister Carmen ?" ' >?? -vi He Btardd at mo blankly for-;a mom^V and replied : , " ' j '.. " No, certainly not, if she. ! ( caramba I you Americans_ ba- f i I businesslike v^^ofjpjiJAyy5-'nings.*. 5 l^-i\uétrrí tried "to get at tho presentat» fo¡-.s tbs caso in a something moro formui, di. ¡>* matte and altogether Spanish stylowith j mother and uncle ; for, of course, be, too, ¡ - - to bo asked, tho final decision, was À where American girls expect tho / fl right of judgment to belong-with .tho r. herself. . L- ^ And the result is that Carmen Ts rn-' ! 