???;? Points "of Interest". r Mr Jclin Ui-im ic?ret3 that the Knjjli.b iradoe unions h??o so f?r only Uiea able to S"d ll6.0(K) to tho.Au.tr?IUn .triko, fund. A moiely baa n tormcA in Berliu for „r?„i.inL' Ivirpb used for inoculation for !__'cure tf consumption to tho poor frco of 0h 1. K .;re,?r10.l that nt certain points the ? lii. are makiO? their way tbrou K h tho border fence Into South ADStralia, by Wrowingunder tl.o wirc-nettin,,-. b ?Tho U-lo?i?l Treasurer states that the .._-t for the manufacluro of locomotives ?? n .h. colon, was cancelled on October 10, £lnVto *b? company deslrio,- to depart from tbo condition, on sov.r.l important l'oelti., of High-.trcot. West Mail i.nTl was fortunate cnouuU in drawing u£_b-."ia Tatlorsall's j.50,000 Cououlta. ? 5 ..nd thus booomos unexpectedly tl ?t-h_d to the tune ot £.50.. A. Mr Beattie h.S wisely "bodged" ?omo of the rnnncv hie winnings actually exceed the f?,m n.?od. An employ, on tho North Safbonrne tramway is -aid to bare drawn ijarblDO in tho same sweep. On Wednesday evening tho Oovernment tabled a return ordered by r. -somber of tbo Jf 1.1 linn showing tbnt unco February, ?? P ? P 7 £411 las ? bad boon paid to tbo Maitland Mercury tor Government ad- TCrtinlng, too largest item boing paid by tho "A W bur'glar b E ot jtmmcd while descending a „_;„" in Molbourno on Monday night. The poUce bad to demolish the chimcy bof mc thnv could roleoao bim. ... M.?or Phillips, Oommandant of the VoirTntoar Force? (W.A.) will shortly bring Xf." cbemo for t-atabli.hing a P?tl,.p.ld military forco upon lines somewhat similar tO r?bc O aV , a o t V AdX r is._ y n 8t W t .i n e.daywas| tbo House oo I Wednesday night, in reply to a I nuesnon, ?ai<J ?h?t inquiries would bo Jade and if it wns found tbero was any Z„[ absolute destitution among women and children, the Government wpu d tako .he responsibility of relieving such distress. KiEbtcon hundred tons of coal arrived at Melbourne on Wednesday from ?ngU.ni direct, for the gas company, by tho Wil "-"nrMlonJ?t'on is' to be issued, prohibiting ChinS-from entering tbo Kldsvoid gold Held fQ, forn fuither term. The nows that the minors nro to resume work undor tbo old agreements caused great Moitemcnt in the Nowcastlo district on .Hackham says that .Englishmen havo much improved in cricket since tbo last Australisn team went homo, but his opinion iathat a team cauld be secu.ud in Australia that wonld be mora than a match for tho beat team England could produce. Tbo guard of honour lupplicd by tho 4th Kcciment, on tbo occasion of tho departure of Lord and Lady Oarrington from Sydnoy, olicltcd tbo warm approval of military men, who stato that if tbe regiment bad belonged to tho regular army it coold not bavo turned out a liner nnd smarter looking nnmucr of "The Minister of Works informod Mr", Lyno on Wednesday evening that thei Railway Commissioners having found a legal difficulty to carry out the regulation to grant freo passes for a numbor of years to persons building residences on 'certain tbo line, thoy havo daloitnlued to advertise absndoniog the proposition. Mr J 1.. Toolo (says a London correspon dent) is very ungry about tho report which conies from Anatrnlia tbat bo is going to be rosnied again. Ho wrote home to n friend as follows:—" Jost got yonr lettor with that lying paragraph-about my maniage. What a thundering ahamo Not a ghost of an atom of truth in it. An awfnl lie. I bavo not tho faintest notion of over getting married again. Tray contradict it every where." . ~,. , A rumour wn* in circulation in political circles oo Wednosday that Mr Georgo B. Dibba is about to retiio from political life end onter commercial business in London. Tho Minister of Justice promised MrDibbi that next Wodncaday ho would introduce a bill to abolish imprieonmont for debt. Ho also said it was absolutely untrue that any non-union men bad a mitigation of sentence or wero reloasod from gaol on tbo oondition that thoy wont to work. Tho Bccrotury of the Employers' Union at Adolaido bss replied to tbe strikers' offer to return to work, by expressing gratification nt the announcement, but bo etipnlalc? that the unionists moat work nlongsldo non unionists, and not try to coctco anyone into joining a unioD. Several storemen nnd drivers have gono back unconditionally. Tho adjourned inquest into tbe death ot Martha Cook, a singlo woman, who died as tho alleged result of nn illogitl operation, has beon concludod at Melbourne Tbo jury ftund that nn illegal operation had boon performed by Mr?Toylor, that Mra Kobinson and James MoncriofT wore accessories, and brought in n verdict of wilful murder against Taylor, who wns committed for trial, bail boing refused. Tbo others woro csmmitted as accessories, bail being allowed. Tho rcronno returns for the month of Ootobor show nn incrensc ovor tho corres ponding month of last year of jE43,ooo,'lu cluding £20,000 received for probate duties. This increaso is in spite of n largo falling off in tha railway revenue, owing to tho Btriko. A fireman omploycd in tho Adolaido Brewery, named Ucindric Abrendt, fell into a large pot containing 12ft.- of boiling water OD Tuesday, and expired next morning In the hospital owing to the forcible scalding ho t.ceived. At Newcastle it is considered highly probablo that the ond of tbo stri.o hna arrived, as it ie reported on good nuthority that tho whnrf Inbouror?,- stewards, cooks sod federated seamen will, unless full and uti.factory Btafomonts nro mado by,the leaders, endeavour to obtain work and resign ?U principles of unionism. " The strike in Melbourne is over, and Inembor? of the verier:- ui'.ioiio nro making arrtingcmeots for turning to work. 1 Several Molbourno book-making ? tobao-' C.-ists wero on Wednesday fined £50 each -oil costs at tha District Court. During the proceedings Mr Purvcs stated that Mr Pcarco, ono of the sitting ju- tices, was blna?od, nnd wished him to leave tho Bench, a request which Mr I'cn.rco deollnod, asserting tbat bo ?ns thoro no a magistrate and in that capacity woDld remain and do his duty. Tbo following motion dealing with tho nietoty of tho colony givon notice of by Mr O'Sullivnn in ttio Assombly on Wednesday fcr Tuo?dny, tho 18th inst. :—" (1) That in tie opinion of this Houni tho terms and condition, on which the Colonial Treasurer required tho second ond succeeding Volritnes ol tbe ' History of Now Snith Wales,' to be *Mten by Mr Barton, were unnecessarily I 'ttiD?cntond illiberal ; (2) that if the work, I ? intended to be one of punuanent ossf olness.l "?standard authority on the subject it is' Prt desirable that tho writer should to j 'utnclon io point of time for thccomplctlon j c'-oy-ol_tno." _ j A gentleman visiting an oulof-tbo-Way 1 * u ' e <> villa.o w-nt into a building wbiob i?? CDOQonced outside aa " Iho Reading Mom.' After looking over come news- HPcrs. hn humb'y nuked tbo caretaker ""T hld J '"'"'' The offi.ial "PI ed, ibu.i, B t,ock--d au i vary seriously, In.; 1 no - Wo W P DO Intoxicants here. "Wo winter wn has tea and c-ff-o cheap I" A numlnr of t'.e New Zealand trade ?iooi.tawhowoit on on s'rike aro applying 1,1. S. JVornn >3ut lor iaod on wbiob they intend to eettl.; % rtli 3 r ? cn >?roI N -v iS.ala-id balisves that -A\Z , ?" co ?'?EO aod-?altb in tho future of ; 1U,., c -' lon ? "' ?'l that is required to give jgj - w - 1 ' P?npeiity. ?? ??. -~ ?---? ?- Ztn .. ; 1-7. — ? 