THis SEVENTH AUSTRALIAN j ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. V THE SECOND DEFEAT. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) SHEFFIELD, MAY 28. It is of a match unsatisfactory in its coin ! mencement and unsatisfactory in its finish that I have to write. It is an easy task to congratulate the successful, while, on the other hand, it is more than proportionately difficult to condole with the losing side The contest was played on the Brammall Lane ground, Sheffield, and ne the weather had been beautifully fine for several days, the least that could be expected was a good wicket, even though many bad ones had in former years been met with there These hopes were rudely shattered, unfortunately, not only from a cricketing standpoint, but from the financial and public point of view. May 20, the day the game commenced, was Whit-Monday, and as that day as well as all the rest in the week was maintained as a general holiday throughout the North of England, large attendances were expected, The crowd on Monday was enormous, fully 15,000 people being present Most of the factories were closed, and as there was comparatively little smoke hanging about the light was better than usual. Barrett and Trumble were left out of the team When Murdoch won the toss the Australians thought they had rather a soft thing on They were mistaken Lord Hawke knew otherwise. His first move putting on Uljett to bowl with Peel indicated that something was wrong with the wicket, for old George Ulyett on the beat wickets is only first or second change for Yorkshire now. He had a terribly fiery wicket to bowl at, while Peel, though his end was a little better, had a ground just to his liking. They only took an hour and a half to put Murdoch and Co out for 89 The Australians certainly had some bad luck, but they batted far from well Born was the first to go, playing on a yorker, while Murdoch and Trott were both caught at point off bumpy ball Jones's bad luck stuck to him, for he played a ball on to MR foot, and Hunter appealed, though the bowler did not, and Jones had to go. A Nemesis seems to be at the foot of his bat for he cannot get a start Four wickets for a miserable 11 put the vast Sheffield crowd, who, by the way, are reckoned amongst the best judges of the game in England, in an ecstatic humour. With 14 runs added Lyons, who batted freely, sacrificed his wicket by going at a bumping made ball, and being caught at third man. Then Walters and '1 time. made a useful stand. The ball cut about in all directions, but runs came somewhat freely, until at 09 Turner was beaten by a good ball Walters was de ceived by an over pitched ball Blackham, after knocking 10 off three of Ulvett's balls, made a wretched stroke, Gregory was got rid of by a fine one-handed catch at slip ; Charlton allowed a straight ball to knock over his centre stump and the innings was all over. When Ulyett popped the first ball from Turner up to point, it seemed likely that the Yorkshiremen would go cheaply, but they managed to nearly double their opponents' score Though the wicket was still fiery, the bowlers did not get IIB much out of it as Peel and Ulyett had, and the English batsmen, possessing more notes than the Cornstalkers, letting nearly all the ugly off balls go, took some getting out Peel played a sound defensive innings, and Hawke and Wainwright adopted aggressive tactics, while the younger batsmen who brought up the rear showed fair form. The Australians did not field perfectly, although only two chances were missed Gregory, Burn, and Trott were as smart as usual. Turner, who is not bowling in his best form now, kept the ball very short, and did not seem to be nearly as dangerous as Uljett, who got the ball up much further, The Australians had a few minutes to bat in a bad light, and in that time Peel, with a couple of really good balls, sent Lyons and Jones to the right- about. Tuesday morning dawned dull and cloudy, and when Murdoch and Gregory v. en tin to bat the light was bad The captain had to take two balls from Peel, and off the second he was caught at the wickets, a doubtful decision. 'The captain had set himself for a score, and his downfall was a great blow. Gregory, who was joined by Trott, moved the score with a single off each over, and raised 20 by running live for a pretty leg hit off the fast bowler, while 1 road opened by hitting each bowler to square leg for a triplet The batsmen were playing the tortoise game The precept slow and sure has been inculcated upon them, so they only attempted to score off loose ones In turn Whitehead and Wain right displaced Ulyett, but Peel at last got the wicket, Trott, who played cautiously while 18 were being scored, being caught at the wickets Walters, Burn, and Turner did not last, and Gregory, after an innings of 70 minutes, was caught at short square leg in trying his favourite dangerous pull The " Midget' did not give the ghost of a chance Blackham and Ferns hit up 38 for the ninth wicket, Blackham showing the same brilliance which was so effective in the previous match at the Oval The innings closed for 128, so that the Yorkshiremen only wanted 62 runs to win, and the) easily got them they deserve much credit for their victory, because they worked hard Peel bowled grandly English left-hand bowlers have somewhat of a reputation for troubling Australian batsmen. Peel and Briggs time after time have damaged their prospects While Australians more than hold their own on sticky wickets, they seldom do themselves justice on the very ones They cannot resist the temptation to go at the off theory which is so brazenly thrown up to them Peel, however, bowled grandly both on Monday and Tuesday, and was never really collared in f let he had the batsmen under his thumb from beginning to end the game only lasted eight hours and a half. Scores . AUSTRALIANS FIRST PRIME SeCOND INNINGS Durn ullyett 0 c Hunter, b Ulyett 2 Murdoch, c Ulyett, b Peel . Trott, c Ulyett, b Peel.. Jones, I b w b Peel O b i eel Walters, b Peel ... 23 c Hall, b Wainwright .... G Turner, b Peel 10 E Hunter, b Ulyett 2 Blackham c Whitehead, b Ulyett ... 14 not out .... 23 Oregon, u Leo, b Ulyett To Lord Hawke, b Peel .... 27 Charlton, b Peel . "86 Pool 1 runs, not out .... 0 b Whitehead 10 BuT "4 Extras .. " 18 Total 67 Total .... has received AÄAUSIB-First Inniogs-Ulyett, 86 balls, 40 runs, a maidens, wickets Peel, 81 balls, 14 runs, 4 maidens, 6 wickets Second Inninirs-Ulyett, SO balls, 46 runs, 4 maidens, 2 wickets, Peel 123 balls, 85 runs, 10 maidens, 6 wickets, Whitehead, 80 balls, 12 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket, N unwrung, 25 balls, 14 runs, 2 maidens, 1 wicket Ulyett bowled two wides in the second innings. YORKSHIRE. wrist watches. Ulyett, c I rude b Turner Hall, and b Turner .. Lee, b Ferris Lord Hawke, c Murdoch, b Turner Peel, c Blackham, SECOND INNINGS. 0 b Turner 18 not out .. 3 c Gregory, b Ferris 28 b Ferris - 2 15 Turner. 30 not out H, W. Frank, b Lyons 0 Wainwright, c Trott, b Ferris. £8 Hayley, b Ferris 7 Brown, b Lyons .. as. 10 Whitehead, b Turner 8 Hunter, not out.. 2 li Extras. 14 Extras 9 Total. 104 Total . Bowtiso ANALYSIS. - First innings Turner, 105 balls, 60 runs, 14 maidens, 5 wickets; Ferris, 126 balls, 44 runs, 11 maidens, s wickets; Lyons, 60 balls, 21 runs, 4 maidens, 2 wickets ; Charlton, 20 balls, 23 runs, 4 maidens. Second Innings Turner, 82 balls. AVERAGES. The following are the batting and bowling averages up to the end of the Yorkshire match : BATTING. . W. L. Murdoch J. J. Lyons J McC. Blackham H. Trott O. T. B. Turner F. B. Waters J. J. Ferris 2. b. E. Gregory. Dr. J. E. Barrett P. O. Charlton a P. Jones J. R. Trumble K E. Burn .. 28-8 ID 5 18-a 18-1 18-1 17-4 . Not out. BOWLING. J. J. Ferris. J. J. Lyons.. C. T. B. Turner I'. U. Chardon H. Trott .. H. Trumble 