THE HAUNTED HUSBAND D; on, Lady Chetwyend's Spectre. \---- ----- a BY Mns. IIARRIET LEWIS. OIIAPITER XIIt.--(oxNTIeUD.) 3But now the door of the bath.room opened suddenly, and a slender, white. . robed figure stole swiftly into the hall, as if porsued, and glided like a beam of light along the hall to the rear intersecting corridor. ..It was B?3rnlce l Monk flow after her in his list slippers as silently as she. She ran fleetly down the long hall and I tuorne aside into the corridor, Monk behind her,. . They had scarcely passed beyond thes great hall when Lord Chetwynd opened the door of the bath-room, and camnt out in wild pursuit. ButBernice and Monk were both beyond the range of his vision. The eeeming spectre was flying along the dim corridor toward an unused portion of the extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another hall, from which a flight of stairs ascended, and went up the stairs with still rapidity. Monk cameI swiftly a little way hehind her. She must I have been conscious of thle pursuit, but still she did not cast a backward look over her shoulder. Up one flight, then another t and Bernice had gained a region of unused I attics int the more ancient portion of the dwelling. Sho ran across a dim passage into a little, bare and empty room, lit up by the moon. light that streamed in at the dormer win. down. She had rne into a trap, and seemed to realise the fact, for site ran about the I room wildly, and then retreated to a farther corner, utterlng a low, strange I cry, and covering her face with her hands. Monk entered the room, and closed the door. Bernice, in hter moonlit corner, panted and trembled. Monk pushed the bolt home in its socket, and approached her. "Bernice I" he said, softly. k The girl started, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with distended eyes. " Gilbert " she ejaculated. "I-I thought it was Roy." "No, it is I. I heard from Mrs. Growl that you had strangely disappeared from Mawr Castle, and I knew you would come here.. I arrived myself only to.night." " With Raoy Ohl, how he is changed, I Gilbert! My poor darling l How grave and stern he has grow'n I And how his soul leaped out at me from his eyes I HeIo s looking for me now. Hark Is he coming this way ?" "No, Bernice. These rooms have not been used in years. He will not find youen." "I must go to him," cried the girl, in her I sweet, impetuous voice. "Now-now- t this minute I I knew you were at the Park, I and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but r you were not there. Release me from my I oath. I must go tomy husband." "Beornice, listen to me. I have something 1 to say to you first--" i Not a word. Why, he's looking for me o now. lie thinks me a ghost. Release me from my oath. I must o to himlo. Is he callingi Let me go, Gilbert. In God's name, lot me co to my hutsband' I" " Not yet, Bernice-not until you listen to what I have to say," said Monk, firmly. t "i Chetwynd thinks you a spectre, as you say. MIe will go back to his room presently. I There's time enough ; but you must listen to me." "Then speak quickly. HIow can I wait 1 H1o thinks me dead-lhe wants me-" "liow do you know that lihe wants you 1" asked Monk, in crisp, hard tones. l)ernice scarcely seemed to understand. Monk repeated the question. "1How do I know ? Why, because I want him. Oh, I love him so I I must go to him. Release me from my oathl, Gilbert-" " Hear me first. lternice, 1 have thought you the bravest, the noblest, the most getter. ous of women, hat you are selfish like the rest. You are not capable of self-sacri. fee." " \bat self-sacrifice?" rsked the girl, in a sharp whisper. " Are you capable of a sublime self-abne. gation " demawled Mlot:i, his black eyes all afinme. "Can you immolate Self nn the altar of your huisband's happiness I have thought that there was in you the stuff of which martyrs are miade ; but, ah I you are like all the rest, re;anrdful only of your ownt petty love. And yet there have been women what have sacrificed themselves for their husbands-" "'Gilbert, what do yr.i mean 1" cried Bernice, her voice rimging sharply on the air. "ltWhat was your last act before falling into the trance it which you were consignled to your tomb f" askedl onk, in a stern voice. Bernice seemed about to answer, but pautaed, ldeatlly white. t .'eu rementtIIher I Your last act was to clasp the hitians of Ciietywnd and Sylvia Monk together. And what was your last words?" No answer came from the girl's white lips, Sithe begnu to undlerstand his drift. " Your lust worors were to bIeg Chetwynd, after a suitably season of mournin for you, to marry Sylvia Monk," declared Gilbert, in his passionless voice. " Was it not so ?" ]Bernlce looked at him dumbly, a world of gatlhering woe in her great vivid eyes of gloom. " You do not contradlet me. Your last act aeforo your seeming death was to reunite Ilnto two who land been so terribly Imtlel. And they worn glad yoll gave them hnck (o imuh othor, Alter conslgillg ynl to the 1 Ibuinl vault, Ghoolwvfl returnelt holm nle al lhat a ptlltlu Interview wtllh Hylvia. InI that Interview all was innolo strnlliht boe twen lhem, OColtwyvid thought It lent to uplindti tile year of lis mlollirnllng abroad, andil lie went, Ile wloulli noit .xlo(isO hi future o vwifoto mollicinou comeiiint, tu returned to lay, This very ovening Ohetwynd and I Hylvia renewed their former angagement, I Your dlay I prast-l, Is anuother's now I Your nace in filled. You nmo not wanted liure I The revdlultlon that you live will only bring I dismay and honror. lBernico, from my soul I pity you I Myhoart bloods for you I" Tho girl iroopld Iilently on liar knees In I tloe wide stream of moonlight, nail bowed m her head low on her breast. "'Thoro have been women," aidl Monk, j after i long silence, " so nalf.nbnegating I tlhat upon sucli a return to lifo tlly would go away In silence, without revealng the I ilnsting secret of their continued life. Are there euch women now?" I There was a long and terrible pause. t Monk waited in breathless suspense for her t response, but lie had long to wait. At Inst I ler low and broken voice cut sharply through r tie stillness, with tho words : " hut I am Ilis wife, you know. We sail, Suntil dentil do us part;' and I'm not dead, I Gilbert. His second marriago, wlile I live, would be illegal." " Not so. Death annuls all ties. You seemed to die, and worn buried. You are supposed to be dead-you are dead, in tle eyes of the nlaw," said the villin, with an ir of reluctant silcerity. "If you were to reappear, it In possible that your marriage ceremony might ihav to be performed again to make you Ohetwynd's wife. I reprat, that in tile yes of the law you are dead., Chetwynd's second marriage wonld be legal and valid." The girl, brought up in a far Island of thi sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an longlish sclhool.girl is well informed, having,' implicit reliance upon and faith in the man who had rescued her from the tomb, believed him I " I will go away," slhe said, in a voice so strango that Monk hardly recognised it, , ' Inm z:adl in the eyes of tile law. It will be no crime for them to marry. I liard him r call her sla 'promised wife;' I saw him kis her. They shall be happy. I love him so well that I will dio oven for his sake I" "And you will go back to Mawr Castle?" t Thle girl nodded dumbly. "I'll find Flack. He shall hire a carrlage, c and drive you to some station beyond East- v bourne. It would not be well for you to be I seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will nc. company youo back to the castle. You have done abrave, grand, and noble thing in givr ing up Ioy, Bernico. I ndmira you for your sublime self.sacrifice. I will make your future my charge. I will be your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Walt here, Bornice, while I go to find Flack and send him for the car riago. I will return and sen you safely out and on your way with him." Bernice again nodded assent, and he wont out, leaving hernlono in the bare, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. Homade his way down to the edge of the park, and readily found lack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of the trees. Monk communicnted the fact of his success, and sent his ally to the little inn at COht. wynd.by-Sea for .the required carriage. 1 Having seen him depart, fully instructed, Monk stole back again into the house. All was still now in rooms and corridors, Ioe l crept along the dim passages, and ascended the stairs to the attics. He entered the little room in which heo had left Bernice, 1 Shi was not there I He stood as if trans. fixed. What had happ-ned ? Had sio been dis. I covered ? Had she repented her self-scori ice ? His wild eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor in the broad sheen of.thei moon light. le hounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Bernice's note-book, and there was writing on it. He struck a fusee, and read the irregularly scrawlei words. They had been written by Bernico, and woie as follows: " GILTnRT: I have given him up. I shall rslspect my oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him yet. One morolook at his dear face-to hear his voice again to see him sleeping-surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wrongingany one. Do not search for me. I may go back to Mawr Castle In time-not now, Myonly thought now is that be is hereand I must be near him, myself unseen." That was nll. Monk sought for her through all the hours of that night, He 1 listened at lhetwynd's door ; bewas in an agony of unrest and forebcding, for his search was in vain. He did not find her I CHAPTER XIV. k IEALITY UNDERI THE SBE3NGII O. Upon the morning after tle double ap pearance of the "spectro" of Lady Chet. wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at the breakfast table at the usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleepless and anxious night. Tlho young mnarquls had 5 been so nbsorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night is to have quite for. I gotten his second betrothal to Miss Monk. But Sylvia, as may be supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her 1 nanner, a soft reliance upon him, n loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd a tlho fact that she was his betrothed wife. Ills face, however, did not brighten at the remembrance, and tie haggard look in his blue oyrs even deepened. lie wasstracgely silent throughout the meal, although Sylvia anti Gilbert \lonk, who came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety 1 and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord 1 OCetwynd's nrm with the air of one having I a right to its support, and walked through the great Iiall to the winter morning-room. I " 0O, floy," she said, "how hnppy I nm I Tour wife, and mistress of Chelwynd Park I Life holds no joys that can compareo with these. And, noy, lon't think me inmnld. enly if I speak to you regarding our betro. thai. As the poor dependent, my life is a burden to me. I think it would be blt fair and just to mo tlhat our cnengement should hn prloclnlmed at once. IMy position will tlien Ioe made clear, and I shall not feel com. polled to seek other shelter." Clhetwynd winced a little. lie would hlave ireferred not to announce his engageo. ncut of marriage so soon after hois return hiomen, but hle reluctantly ncquiesccd to Miss M(lnk'a desire. " I knew you would thlink ns I do," said Sylvia, il a tone of satisfaction. "I pro. snmild ipon your consent to my wisalhes, and linav already communicated the fact of our engagsr.ent to MMrs. Skewer and to Ragce. I shall writo a note to Lady Welby to day, informing her also, and she will spread tlhe news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to see me at once. Anil, Ioy, when sire asks me how soon we are to be married, what shall I say to her ?" hctwvyndstarted, andshrank from Sylvia perceptibly. "I do not know-1 had not thought," he said. " I leave thie dat o oour marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fit upon will lie agreeable to me." "Thlen let me say this day two months," said liss Monk, vivaciously, "It is now Marchl, We will be married in M[ay, in the season of early flowers and good weather. We will have a grand breakfast here at the Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a haill, to celebrate our marriage. And we will then go to the Continent for the summer dividing our time between Baden-Baden, Spa, Wicsbaden, Vichy and Troutllle, I wlll?'?~iif,}rlt, itRy. I ollal hl gaoy ao, I elort ing, on-ub I5 tno?u rrn ,lsly I dresed In on lhougonl In .hi height oli~ ..•glory. i,1 dint reiullnb meo," and shi en fltl 4re jew, lled hoinndsl or ightlty onr the Mlarqurlt' Arm, anti regarded him a 1l i It nilfectil lto of slyness nud etnbarra snattfit, "I wt nJit like to nsaumno my new raok sold posllion with suitable piraphornalia, in not that a nice, long, sulhtblu worol?"and she forced a Ilaugh, " rn alreandy a penslunerulpon your bounty, Iloy-" SNotso, Sylvia. Do not use an expression like that. You have been a dentr slter to me, nod have ononpled nit honored position irn my householl, Yu Ihmvo been no pen. sioner or dependent. It is may wish niso that you have a sutltable troueseon," ando ho sighed heavily. "I will give you a blank cheque todany, and you can order your jewels, shawls, laces, nnd the rest, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her do light and gratitude. Sheo lungl her arms around his noeck and kissed him. lle roe. turned the caress In a quiet, dispassionato manner, that at another lime would have angered her. She talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff made dis appearance, and then she gilded away to her own room, triamphantly happy. "Everything Is going on splendidly, iRa. gee," site said, entering her dressing-room with a wild waltz, "Chotwynd consunts to the immediate announcement of our engage. inent; and I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. He will give me a blank cheque to.day for my trouseanu. lie eannot retreat now. I am sure to be Larly Coetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me to make out my lists for orders and shop. ping. We have time enough to study the mystery afterwards." Miss Monk eat down at her desk and wrote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady WYelby, nnouncing her cngagcment of marriago to Lord Chotwynd,. fir next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent frourar . Shloe also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of goods and garments to be sent to Chelwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, olhawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. Sbo went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who had been invited to remain. It was evident that the bailift had not been informed of the now relations existing be. tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro. claim lher good fortune, which soon occurred and the bailiff hastened to offer his con. gratulations. After the repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinner. The intervening hours were nactually spent by him in an ex. amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in the hope of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed, Lord Ohetwynd retired to his room that night with a sense g' disappointment, half convinced that, he b.- been indeed the vie. tim of a freak of a ,nordered imagination. Yet lhe sat Inte before, the fire in his bed. chamber, with his eyes fixed with intense expeclancy upon the door of the bathroom, praying that the "illusion" might be repeated. lie prayed in vain. The fire burned low on his hearth. The slience of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for. And at last, wearied and hopeless, he flung himself on his couch and dropped Into a troubled sleep. Ite had been slumbering more tihan an hour, and his deepening breathing sounded through the, hushetl room, and the light burned low, and theo embers were .ying on the hearth, when the door of the dressing room softly opened, and the " spectre" stolc into the room. No instinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his heartstirred not as she stole through the dimness-like a ghost, indeed-to his side, and bent above him in an agony of love and tenderness. HIer kisses tell like enow.lakes softly on his hair, his face, his hlands, and he felt them not. He bad been much awakeon the previous ighbt, and Nature was now taking her recompense. " My darling I O, my darling I" was the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. " The now love will never worship you as the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernlce did. Oh, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet to live-to know that regret for one is over, and that one is no longer missed. It is hbard to see one's place filled to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prized.. I should have died in my trance. Oh, God I why did I not dinlt She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of her young husband. And he who loved her better thnn his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. Bernice kissed his hands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. Her oath re. strained her. A little while she lingered, until ho stirred uneasily in his sleep, anti then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room, She had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before the hearth in herdressing.room in an attitude of flight, harkening intently, and warming herself. There was a silver :ray on the table,with a half bottle of wine and some biscuits, which had been brought up by thre butler for Lord Chetwyndlate in the evening, the butler having observed how little his lordship had eaten at tabtle since his return lhome. The little attentionto the marquis stood Bernice in good stead. Site drank a portion of tihe wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. But sho might not linger here. It was time to go. She inhadl worn a dark long cloak of water. proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden ln an upper room now. Sheo iradlehosear to lnay it aside drring her mhil. night excursion, dcerming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for a epectre. 'IlThe clonk was not warm enoughl to protet oer froom the chill of thie dlamp of the unused rooms which sell made lher hlnunt, and she stole 0now to ore of thie wardrobes and pulledl outs lower drawer in whichl she hoad kept her shawls. The slanwls were there now as she hld left tlrm. Iar dresses ihuong in tihe ipress, nnd wre forled on the shelves, just as l'line had arranged them. She took out nn Illndian cashmere shawl whichl Cllrtwynd lhad boulght for hier in London, and wrappedll Itssoft folrs around her. Then she closed thie drawer and crept to thie dour anld listened. Not a sound was to be heard without. She opened tie door aed crept out into ithe Irall,stealing along in thie dimness like a swift shadow. She crossed tIe wide hall to place herself at greater distance from thet. wynd's rooms, and so u00oneoulosly Ipassed close to the doors of the suit occupiedl by I;pe Monk. Shre passed thie dressing.room and bed chamnber of hcr Eust !ndian rinval, her heart beating, it seemed to her, like a drum. As slhe came abreast the doorof Mbiss Mionk's bath-room, whIleh hrad been njnr all the evening, it sileotly opened, and tile witch. like figure of old Inigec creptout like a Ilash. liernice caught a glimpse only of the dusky Enst Indian face, which resembled a fnceo cut from a walnut more than anything else, Ia red turban, a pnir of ontstrctched arms, e and the gleam of sinister eyes, and then she flew before her strange pursuer without a I word of outcryJ. The ohl wouan sp rang cpon her llen ai all'her, clutchiing lier shl ,wl. llrnlcnio ,I~?'Il her hull iupon It lnil lilttedll way wilthout it, IIe Lhu whiteu spectre she She u'I? ie into the branching eoritlor in i a phi, itL tho nil woluanl dli not puroeI icer. I ,hhl. clutih id the allawl tightly In her an?s nit, hurrlel bchj icl I the hsati.roo.n, Non li 'l. been anroisucd Hlhe went into Miss lMonk'icm tIPhsaluner. Sylvia wais sitting up in bed annls nn1 Oxpevluint, H.tl S\Well " said thye ong lady, impntl Y' 'I You have watched all the evening, lltac' deprlvling me of my sleep, and what glC have you gained tby i?" "Ti I" cried old lingeo, dnashling th shllnawl down upon llth bed l Do you knou that shawl? 1 have julest seen the spectro I It came out of thi late Lady Chotwynd's dressing.room. It was dressed inc white, only it wore tlhis shawl to protect it from thu cod.l It crossed the bhll. When It came nlongside thie bathlroom I darted out and grasped the shawl, dragging it from its slhoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood I the shawl proIes that. I saw its face; it was white with terror; It was changed and cenutifull but it was the face of Ladly Olhetwynd I-thn face of the living mar. chlioness I It is esI have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard our scheming, and outwitted us. The girl is alive, I tell you I Why she does not reveal herself to he husband I can. niotimagine. She has but to speak to scnd you and toe to prison. Our safety lies in prompt notion. That pretended death must be made a reality I" CIIAPTER XV. T111 NEW ciVELCBRITY. We have now to relate the experiences of Mr. Tempest, the great explorer of China and Tartary, who had been the travelling companion of Lord Ohetwynd upon the re. turn to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, and his explorations and discoveries had msade a great sensation in the sclcentifie world. He hadl sent books home to be publishcd undler the auspices of the Royal Geographical So. ciety, and llis name had become in England a ihousehold word. Upon the morning after the depariure of Lord Chetwynd for Sussex-the morning after Mr. Tempest had read in the news. paper of ttt disaster at sea in which Mr. and Mirs, Gwellan had perished-the great explorer exhumed Ihis manuscripts, diaries, and reports from his portmanteau, and mado his way to the headqularters of the Royal Geographical Society. He found himself received with flattering attentions. Members thronged around him to shake hands with him. Before he left the Society rooms he had received a dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank ned learning. Tempest would have declined them all. His heart was sore with the recent wound inflicted by the notice of "Bernice Gwellan'e" death. He wanted to return quietly whence he had come, but so many "Fellows" of the I1.G.S. combined to combat his resolves that hbe consented to remain a month in England at the least, and accepted an invitation to dine with a learned F.R.G.S,--on Sir Harry Forteseue -that very day, and an Invitation for the morrow with a partyof scientificl gontle. men. " You look harassed, Tempest,"sald Sir Harry Fortescue, as at Inst he walked out of the society rooms arm in arm with the great explorer, on their way to the baronet's club, into which Tempest had been per suaded to "drop" for an hour. " You think we rhall run you to death, but when the ladies-the most indefatigable lion hunters in the world-come upoen you, you will have to surrender at discretion. Have you ever been much in English society, my dear sir ?" " Not of late years," replied Mr. Tempest. " I don't like society, Sir Harry. My fifteen years, more or less, in Tartary, have not fitted me to grace a lady's boudoir, I should like to ask after a few whom I roe. member. As yet I have made no Inquiries. Where is young Lord Grafton now.a. days?" "Dead. He died ten years since." " Indeed I" said the explorer. " Can you tell me anything of the Right Honorable Mrs. William Miolyneux, a great beauty and belle a dozen years ago ? ' He asked the question with seeming carelessness and indifference, his face averted. IIe might have inquired, judging from his tone, after some chance acquaintance of former times. But his face had grown sud. denly pale, his forehead was dewed with sweat, and' his mouth quivered under his beard. He awaited the baronet's answer in a breathless suspense. "I remember AMrs. ,folyneux," said Sir Harry. "Wiho does not? She was, as you say, a great beauty. She had some trouble with her husband, I believe. I never ynder. stood what the trouble was, but he deserted her. She went to one of the German baths fcr her health. She never recovered from the blow of her husband's desertion, She came home a wreck of her former self, and buried herself somewhere in the country. She lost her only child in its Infancy, I have heard, and had few ties to bind her to life. Her's was a sad story. She died seven years ago-' g lied 1" "Yes-of consumption, I think. IIer death was in all the papers. Did you know her well 7?" Mr. Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did he show his face to his companion, who would have been startled at its singular pallor, and at the strange expression of emotion that convulsed it. "I met her often in society," the ex. plorer said at last, as the silence grew marked and oppressive. " Here we are at my club, Mr. Tempest," said Sir Harry. "1 am anxious to intro. duce you to my friends. Perhaps you may really find some of your old acquaintances among them." Tempest hesitated. HIls soul was pro. foundly stirred by the news he had just hiard. lie would have given much to be able to creep away to somcfrlendly solitude just then, but Ice conquered his long. ing, and withi an exi'ciai of his almost saperhuman self.controlcalmed his features and resumed his ordinary manner. ice aceompanied Sir HIarry into the cliub; men of note and rank were introdaced to him, and lce foundl his name and travels alike well known to Sir Harry's friends. He cnet no old acquaintances. lie dined thiat evening with Sir Itarry Fo.scue, as hce had promised. Ills hieart nwans in mourning for iernice, whom he be. lieved to be dead, and also in mourning and torn by the pangs of solf.-reproeach because of that iMrs. IMolyneux whoso story had been so sad, and who had died so young. ",And yet wlhat havo I to reproacl my self for?" hIe naksed hIimself, with anery defiance. "I did rightly. And poor lMar guerite is dleand l Died saeven years ago.' It is as well." A large party bad been arranged to succeed the dinner. The ladies drove home to dress for the larger evening entcrtain ment, Lady Fortrsecue redtred to her private rooms, and Mr. Tlempest adjourned with his host and a few kindred souls to the library, to spend the hours intervening between the two entertainments in congenial conver sation. As the hour grew late the drawing-rooms began to fill with gaily.dressed people, and the host returned with hisa friends to lthe scene of brightness and splendor. Sir liarry, as in duty bound, placed himself in close attendance upon Lady Fortes. cue, assisting her in the reception of her I guests. Tempest was, as at the dinner, over whelmed with attentions, which he con. tinued to receive modestly and coolly. His wit lotcline like a pished oword iwtr io, O(!linlg noW nli t1 thoen i the btIonu. Ii wall yni?tll, cool, httuighuIty, resurvetI, andl Hit rtigeiJ onutigh, hio Walls a totial, itIly I'"'* to ttlno t to it ulir of hlr g lrand roullu Iup, h Is armn, introducing lhi to various I ' Ils with It prttl y air of pro. prieoloe I,, as if Inonning i tassert Itht I thu ?e', liotn was her owl clspecial pro. pirty. "1)o0 you know, Mr. Tempest," said her ladyshlp, smiling, " that I 0am piqued nt your cyniclsnm and hntrell of wonmen, and That I Ihvo vowed to myself that our great lTatar shall bow lis haughty head to the yoke of an a liuglishwlomn 7 No? You did not num. peot my designll? Woll, I have given you alir warning." S"And who maly this conqler' vooman be i" I, t ..wleJticli. ii s ha by t1ho w .urrounded by her Sadt rers. he is nl Ieottberg-a hIumanr ile 1 b?ar-a coriqette, But iu she not behnltiful 1 al h leyongaged to manrry Lotrdt Tentanour, I who stands at her side, holding Slher bounq t. Wh.t do you think of I her?" Tempest gl?ced din the direction Indicated to him, and beheld at a distant window, t surrounded by a charmed circle of gentle. I men, a woman rarely btenutiful-so beautiful Sthat one having once seon her face could never forget it. 1She was tall, regal, and staiuesque, alth a t noble and queenly carriage of her stately t figuttre. Her pure Ureek fce was suplerb in its royal haughtinees. The red lips were curled in a smile that was strangely foascilat. Ing and winning. She was a blonde of the purest type, with a compllexin like the fairest pearl, lier hair was of a pale golden lint, yellow, without a glint of red in its i !inxurinnt masses. .I t was arranged in cr6pes, n and puffs, and rolls, and curls, after the g fashion of tite day, but its fanciful disorder couli not conceal tile shape of her small, noble head, which woas poiied proudly upon I her slender neck. 'llh looked an emipress, ia n her robe of pale blue velvet, with trim mings of point laco; nod ornaments of r diamonds. "'Sio is very beautiful," said Tempest, I slowly. " I can imagine a man falling in love with her, but you say she is a coqnette? I There is a disdain in her haughty glance, as r she looks around ther at this moment. Is that a revelation of her inner nature? Is 1she really above all these coquetries ?" S"The question shows that she has already cast her glamour over you," said Lady For I tescue, banteringly. "That is always tile Sway. It is fortunate that you have no tie to bind you to another. Think if you r should fall in love with Lady DI while you were the husband of some other woman? t Such a thing would not be unknown here in London. Ab, I fancy you wince, Mr. Tem. pest. Can it be that there is a ;Mrs. Tem-n pest In the background alnil the while ?" Lady Fortesque inquired, smilingly. ,"No; I should say that could not be," said the explorer, calmly. "All the ties that once fettered mearo broken, But I am no silly moth to flutter around the flame of Lady Di's beauty. 1 candidly think that she is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen-perhaps the most beautiful ; but her's is the benauty of the glorious marble statue, not the beauty of a tender woman. Do men call her heartless ?" " Yes, and rave about her, and go mad about her beauty. She enjoys her power, and that is why she has held her lover, Lord Tentaraour, so long at arms'length. They will be married soon, I hear." " Who is Lady Northwick?" isked Tem. I pest. " She is the willow of Sir Basil North. wick, a rich baronet, who was 'sufficlently accommodating to die and leave her, all his wealth, Sile must be nearly thirty years I old. Did you not toll me that you do not care for women? Yet see how long we have been talking about the most brilliant co quette in London. Having excited your I curiosity in regard to her, permit me to in trodauc you to her." " Thanks," said Tempest, bowing assent. u "I dare say you are tired of me, Lady I Fortlseue, and are willing to be rid of I me." They advanced towards the reigning belle, who welcomed the lion of the evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Fortesuo presented the great explorer, and then moved away. At the distance of a few paces she paused I to speak to a guest, and her glances reverted I to Lady Diana and Tempest. The Tartar t traveller was already deep in conversation with the polished coquetto. "Lady Di is sure to add Mr. Tempqst to I her list of lovers," thought Mrs. Fortescue, I with a thrill of dismay. " Ie does not understand a woman's wiles, She would like to win the homage of the new celebrity. I fancy he is a widower. There was a strange expression in his eyes when I spoke I of a possible Mrs. Tempest. I could fancy him newly bereaved when 1 remember that I look. I am persuaded thatsomething start. ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady I Di and Tempest. He will fall in love with her and he will not go back to Tar tary next month. But what will be the end ?" With another glance at the pair, Lady s Fortcsque disappeared.-(To be Conttinued) 