.'SPJEIT .PHOTOOlJATiirS, \ -. (/fUBUitUX. BOMSTr)' ! ) ', Spirrtnalism hiui' received n grcal) impctoq by' tlio oxhibit km ,'of pltiitograplis", jof splrita rinoo too- Fans G'lmgrcqa'. - Credulous rpeoplo it/ Ouce begea to hiivo strange vvisions,' foBUdod oa tho kclief that' however triuky mediums might bo; tlio photographic pliito cannst lie. But it 1ms oi- rain bo rondo to adopt too Bolfourian habit pt concealing tlio troth Howovor acoptioal a . person may ho, should ho visit tho studio of , Mr. Suhnon, in East Putney, lie .will -bo inclined to exolnim "Thoro are moro things in hoaven and earto than are dfoanit of in onr philo sophy." Thoro will -bo shown' by too ebnre toons artist \q photograph of a young mon' who comralited suiuiua iu a garden, the bottle tirat oontaincd the fatal hiudunum lying on . tire ground near his . hand. Over the body hovers tho disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity \hn tho clay beneuto.' Tho spirit, inpolpablo and misty, is what tho Scotch call tho wraith, '& belief that has boon banded down from tho ancient Egyptians. : Another photograph is that of a mau seated at a table, while opposite, with- too hood resting on its oibovvs, si to a spirit. So immaterial is tlio latter that toe part of- tlio tahlq between , its body , (if q spirit Has a body) and elbows cau bo aeon through tlio nnns. Scores of other photo graphs wore shown to.tho interviewer — spirits hovering round persons, floating in tho air, mysterious hands in all positions, seme snury, somo sad, so'rno' 'with" uplifted linger us if warning against disaster. " Biit anroly tlio people who roccivo , snch visitants suffer cousiderablo nervous .prostra tion, and tooy certainly look li-ippibr than the spiritoP" Tho artist, with _ a langh, ropliod, " Thoy nover sco tho spirits at all: I manufacture tho ghosts myself. : I expect yon to bo snrprisod, but I hops not as indig nant as' a eelobruted lady in Hie spiritualistic world, who called npon mo u few day's' ago. Sho was a firm boliovor in spiritualism, und was partly converted by somo of my published photographs. Having hunted mo. fur some time She found mo here, and wanted me to photograph too Bpirits who visited lier. She regarded mo with sonic amount of nwo ns a dealer ia tho uncanny sights of tho world ; but lier rcvqtpuco soon disappeared when I explainodmy proocas." " How do (you prtduco a spirit photo graph?" — f'Tvoli; there are several ways; This ono," ho said, pointing to a raiin In a clutlr asleep with n spirit standing ncur liim, " was "dono by first photographing.'u man in tho ordinary way.witli a black clotli lsiek- grbnnd. Thbn ' iitiotlier : jietnbn , drnpoiV in ghostly garments 'stau'ds iu tlio required position, Irat a liltlo but' of foods to prevent tho ontlinos being' fob sharp and cor poreal. Light' ia thon only ou tho spirit, and tlio Bomo hegntive as used before is ex posed a second time, ' mid nil too' rest of too field being black, too spirit only in photo graphed. Of sourso, tho aooond exposure U longer than with ordinary amount of light; bnt tills adds to tho glioHtlincss." . " But how do you mako thorn 50. impal pable and nncaUny'f ' " Tlio room must bo perfectly dark, and on tho gliust only u ray of sunlight falls; whilo elosc to I be lens n slioet of fine gauze Is hung, and it is the gauze which gives a elont-liko, luminous appearanoo to too spirit's outlines.',' " This ounuot bo dono in a dark room, for dressing too man in too gnrJen'scnt, and tho rails of . the seat min bo scon through tho spirit's form'?"— "No, in naeli a picturo I havo to take the photograph and'exposo it a seoond time,' too man still in' tho samo position, only 'tho ghost is added. If ghost and man wero taken together, tlio rails would not sppoar through tire spirit's form. I liayo iitill another- method! Look ut this." It was a psthotio photograph of a lady looking with pitoons oyos at tho head of a child posed as if coining headforemost fromheuvon. "Th.s in ai popular ono," »iid too artint, " miggos- tivo of tha intercourse between living und doud, but tho most material, of ull lh,prep:iru- tiiin.' ' Tho spirit head Is' only that' of n wtix doll, rather ont of focoa, to jirovtiit it being rocogiiiacd as sui/h. This is photographed fiVaf,' and tho placo 011 tho "ground glass out-; sldo tho platois marked, so that When tho sitter comes sho takes snch u poidtiou that too angel head ready to grqot her, wlion it ia printed off, is not Intcrforod : with at ' tlio second exposure. A nimilar method is used In this ono. It wns called ' The Ghost of tho lKl- nfllU-IWUI,. HI . WIIH.II WU IWIWUHIH-l If, Roberta ia standing at the elbow of a playqi'i whetliet? tu mar or mako the; stroke docs iiot appoar." . ' " Mediums do not bloss you, Mr. Salmon, I suppose?" " No, I am anatlicma to thorn, but next month somo spirit photographs are 'tit bo reprodnoi-d in tho ' medium ' of ft girl sci.-ti ht sorofal tiaitca and msrked with a sabro'out on hor faco, proving her identity. ' I shall jilivj with a stroke 01 paint on niy spirit's faco prodneb somo .photographs similar", to, those promisod next inonth, and I srh rpiito knrq they will bo produced in the sump way.' Tho abovo sketch was taken yesterday, , tho .'hand of death oovor'ing tho' lady'a'raeo.'whloh ciiu bo sebti th'itoigh ffo'.bbhy atiw hi tfid- JAote- t:-" t:. : 't-.t il.'ri-re.-t1 