?-?Ta" tALÈB cbsOàtQATtOEAL * r/AJÖ*. ^tmnùimàmet th« Saw (kata Wales Con *T"?rtiT* wa» «t>en»d vesterday morning; in .J1*?". Sä .rn^efte lh« Pitt street Church feÄ7«* (rerMugehalrmau), %? li. ri li o'clock. «"1 ."<"? having con* 2i*m1tâ ****** <>«i«^»ha r"on *** %Tiad It I» now mv duty, having ^1& attain», lo malte woy for mv tucce-ser f o ffiÄÄch»'»»'' of Un- 0«tai Onrmç " -ïï\»ar I h«i» I»»» c,,ed upon to prosida t .¡5JTto hld welcome to «ome and to I id «".T 1» nth«» And BOW that I for tho toELMw7niotafnt _ ^«aîaÏÏffilW- Chairóla I d.slrí ??vf JC.kMihrm whose klndn«-«-. «nd powideretlin ^^tl»»dS*rs»ofntlleetha' the pleasures ë^ïAaA^ ever the pain», »i that I ean look 'SÜLvS* naît vearai having bepn eertitnlv not an jFTet eertslnlv «'«o not an unplessnr«,blfl ono tJ^t km hi» i« i« '»'Kolv dn0 ,0 th," forbc"»»c0 CTILMMTf thote with whom I nave beou ¡lil sid I <*8"lr° K*"* ,JS!n ,or,thocon SÏÏfif tey have shown There is som«. fSii Hrtle solemn In dltohargln«; a duty ¡".tv? latf time Even if it bo in 5-i¿ with a «mell matter, the l»«t time of doing fflÏÏXmeih ded. I may «ey, with a little ÎÏZiilt h s llrtl« shadow thrown In advance by .TÜT-kMi mil« the time of eur carlblv duties ft is ff» c» »» lo»gw «eric, «nd .«" <"" '» «*.<>>> «° ÜT«* tiouht« M »re snjrgested hv «uch a tim» .» If JSU» -hat we aro to work while it ia «lill to i ita be «a successful and profitante ?fft»» « b«v« he'd In former year. TiiWètea» Of our M»t October ««««Ion I w«a able to lfcttisTiïgf*«»*-ole of our meetings nothing;, «o Call baa eoservea, h«d keen ssid or done in en nn Ejwbioln , ti«tnowotdh«d been spoken to roar Mofearproceeliogs. I trust it will be so ia SSmttsriM of oeellags. (Hear, hear) Quo«. «¡fif «UotlBted difficult» mi» «nd I think will, ¡Etat I tratst lbs1 spirit ef Christian kindnsm and ÎXsruw» sad goodwill will continue to mirk out Sait, that nothing m«y be «aid or done nn ESaTof that great name in whioh we are called ¿Si «id in which we work, f Hear hear) And ii* 1 Ufé hi introduce to von, If anything in the SM of latroductlon be new««ary- I have now B Wroduot to yon my *ncce«-or, Dr. Roseby 'TEÓSUT onfakingthe presidential chair amid fcaTchetniíia-, «id Mv dear brethren I cannot «av S H I, wnbnttt »matter that I respond lo the call of mmdetswor to preside to vour midst to*dav I hove to liank you mott heartily my brethren, for thi« ex rnssioB of vonr kludne«» and of vour oonfldonce in me IctUefsiy that I e»n find anything in myself that i« dnenÛrof the hoaour which you havo tlioufht lit to Mo» opon me, further than th «-that my Uri it ni the good work (H ar he-ir ) ltoir-l ira (tate ¡ know that-* brether a heart within II (Setay fear) I feel a doep interest tn the work 5nv hemfW I have, from the earliest yeara of my ?Mitty, «adeavoared to oultivate a »»int of 'famiCavlitianlly-(eh« rs)-snd I do feel a« veera ¡Te« »hat abundant reason I havo to jusjify tho eho ce of tov itrly vonib In becoming a Congregational «jlelitir I wu not once, a» most of vou are aware, a ¡¡¡Mer if th« denotbihatt n of whioh I am now a tanta member, hut when 1 turned my ttowtliti to the Christian mml«try, I felt that Ï f «»re to preserve tho liberty that bnlnsRcd «?».»»Cbrisflan mon I could best preserve It in tho AMrVef the Corlrregatiannf Church- (cheers)-and «rftSisflhsn I bsve felt, when-ver mv lot ha« boon H «fflefWer God has given me work to do and Mina »meng whom lo labour, I have felt nought lutiovin loyalty to principles whioh 1 had occasion tins i«rly in mv career to espouse and confoss IBssr »ear J I ."» 1 have to cast myself largely upon swforb&trsnce.; For 14 years I lived in one of the Vt 1 «lind town», and it wa» only within ¿ lut two or three vear» that wo in enabled to form a Congregational Union, and Jail fee) I think some strangene»» in conducting; «rAiir« of tht» character, bur with tho experience of M frMao» to «nidi me, »nd with the help of th» "ottary bv my side, I trust I shall mske no serious cillâtes bnt above «U, brethren, I ask you, aa the rmt Apoitle aiked, ' Brethren, pray for us " (Ci»tfs.) . _ , . . . Ii« «tv. A. J. OBlrrtTH moved a vote of thank» totkrtvMsg chairman forhutervires during the patt yew. Be »»id he had « verv great pleu ire in «üb Bitti»-; the itrotioii, for Principal Fraser had by bit ilKtisNTi of preddentiil dutiw placed tho whole de loaMtioa-nideradebtof gratitude to him. flu notion wet agreed to. TbeJUr. J. O Fuis««, in returning think», «aid (hil «ben he accepted tbe petition of ohairmtn he de tsrmiutd, io far at be could, to taxe it with all ita datin «4 neptrsslbilifiei. He was thankful to hit brethren for the belo they bid given him, «nd the «tMto» they bid biri inbetrifig with bis ioiperfectirm-. He bid »lw«y> fell it « drawback, especially when ttuiaet» matten rime before the committee, that ha M not bad turf bruines» training, but apart from du», be bid «Iwavf »trivia to serve hit brethren, and he thanked then for String co-operated with him in the work in wMch ht hil engaged. (Cheon.) ADMinblllN». . On At motion of the Hev. R. Dey, general aecrotery, tie following gentlemen were admitted to the wititíy i-fttt. t. Harley, Rev. T. Kench, Rev. r. iHope, BtY W. ilfen Rev. W. H L»brène« (of Mel loura»), Rev. T. J. Pepper, Rev. W. Middleton, and NEW CHURCH!*». On ti» motion of the Rev. It. Day, the Congrega #*s* Chin-lie« at Stanmore and Wallsend were ad milted to ti* tuSioB. ' FArflBfl. TtsBw C. WRITS, M.A., of Neweattle, road a piper o» "Christ, the power of our Ufa and work " He nid ilat with the tremendous mechanical forces which «MMhf to rapidly developed aranbgit them, and the vkblol Me,- It ieetaed to him that they wire m danger of lrtdu tbeir ide« of power degenerate. They had to ieo»fbelr(raird lest the roar end glare of yalgar life ib-fld«) tike their attention as to reduce tho ''»till «Stil nfc» " to a whisper. The power of Christ d d not strive, nor cry, nor cause its voice to bo beard in flMIMMf, s*J Snny who wereaoensiomed to the gallop .nd tsitult of life in the World found the ways* of Ord Ml ttd nnprorMifng. They needed more and «tori foly ti tarn to Christ, who eonld alone save and keep them from fret and exhaustion by the throbgh íov of HU own calm energy. The World was changing, btarass it needed te change. God wan once more abartig the heavens and the earth, not to lot man fall through mi to be lost, but that man might full on his feet rat kingdom which could not bo moved Thoy wenMtfrtid'of the ehtnges, but thero were elemente .Cfflo-atytaft thara which they should resist with all fttU riftbt It Was wh.n in conflict with these elements that fhev sometimes lost heart. They romittots felt baffled, u if God were givmg the world mm than fair play, so that it could not fill to win the rue Ik» world rushed on beedie»» of ni, »nd they ?hollad tito it like a late pataenger after a train, A nd »hethej felt that, the teniptetlon cume to let go and Jautf-iitte the chite. But they as Christians could Htttord io follow the lead of the worl 1. If they did sofltfv toiM be false both t* Christ and to th» world. Tlrr needed to havo more of the great Master ia tlicir Um. It Hiél ohly they rould hold their own ground ni woe with fh« evil« »round them. Ho. after »II, -Mtb»-ustt>ipfritof the ige, and ever filling bick a Bim tiny wera itrong. Butin falling back na Christ, let tina not give the impression, M tome did, tint they resorted to Him became, unfortunately, utblig bettor wu left tbem. Howevor feeble jk»,4 jmorotOOB they aiada, »nd whttevcr hnuettfo» tiley give the world in its jiírttent «f them, and however oomcloui ¡gitoltht U»f wettete», he waa »uri there wu no MM tt «ii of Ihtir loyalty to Christ. If they to tom» «rat fill under the tedurtlve influences of our day, it "¡is tartly it least because they uw much good in ta. They believed that the throwing off of the yoke if ntaority the recent development» of »»Hal life, end Çtwtnpett the world had made, were the outcome «Ch-itt'i pretence and power in the world. Christ W tWtsd modern life, »nd He h t*ly fa hud. With confidence in the power of ¡flit they wife calm In contemplating the world and towra*,** It« salvation. The Key C MOON, of Manly, read a paper on "W*«ii»l Cohtscretio», »nd it* relation to efflolettt ¡MW God" Be «sid that to hi« mind the most ratufsl toin was tht onawho.ould get hi« fellow» J WJ tie principle« of the kingdom of Christ to the "Whof their Uves The Gospel lived, bid been, and TOdcoatinne to be tbe ulvitton of thia and every «go. ?"*¡J¡*"*y»o frequently heard of puerility Of Gos {¡'.¡..'''«lid sermon» they could »fford tollsten to «"aWtd. At the present time men especially wu the wÏT ThsbodvpoliHo was being «htkon to it» "?mwiociil »nd industrial upheaval», and giving J?'W»«titbt»oiuitbeheetIed. I h»v were told that 'SÜlT* *.u P°"erle»» to deal with these deitruetive JW",trat the history of Christianity amply proved ttiiMBtrtry. I bey had faith in th« Gospel, "ur-ltir it to bo unequalled a« a rodal and TT«»d spiritual dynamic, »nd the world'» f?"* Th» power of Christ »o f»r u w, inf?***" war»-nmca-rzi-td, wa» a transmitted force. "Vhte U eleotrie carrent, it wat «abject to leakage. f*T*loB of insulation wat the only remedy for ??»Vbtfer personal conteoration wat the Chrls n\r*122!ct."!S?,n|storto* the prevention of ^"¡¡..»o'Chriit'i power By personal consccra Sji* ?.»st th» giving up ot ono't heart to the T%»«d the wllf to the Great Will that governed SiiSfü: Conieontlon emhraced three thintra 12», (2) doing, and (8) suffering. Thev thould Jplj*> to do. and to suffer all that God 23"» Thi« embraced reputation, friends, property, ««M,»n4 covered body, mind, and noul. ^Ihls ?J"w«o»»ter»ti(», be held, wu the great need of r.%T!5.0,,.Cl,ri»t0' to-*»J"- R« believed that if, ZÎJ?T''."*"wotl,i *° °" 'heir knee« «nd honestly PiKt ' «?niecnte rtn-mselvei to God, »nd toke tW^SS..**1 ',*"' Pr'«»itoof HU grut, and help, "»» «««Id do wooden with thi-m. "TUB-, a.**'* "". ""SCIAI rnATBB. ,ai" "*».?***«« BPCHAM, MA., moved,-"That I'^SJ^N-anUlairth* leligiont iadiflerence to SSÜ!. .ü?*"1 *" eiu,m °' «he community, I n7»t!!v0!Stt''w"" ." ,he churchei eonnected with ?.*?...? ,.U,'?rtt,.., nwt Sunday in March. 1891, «J?I»,,*eiîl Jm"er ,or t{lt outpouring of the L K-LÏÏ4 'orthm> to h»1» during the «nu .K.«_ , *?» «OKOAÏ QOBBIIOlf. tàitJj. J ,unï »»»»«w, M. A .moved,-« That (bia 5ïwii>7SÎAtoAÏ,*r T ,wm* I"0«»' «"»In»! ¡L7Ï;;,,*»?»» Obtervanoe Bill new before Fartit ¡a*¡»¿ÍTr "«W«?" ito devout thankfulnea» th»t ?«J-Mtitio--« have been pre-oated again»! the bill, Sttas»!.!!?? "V«"sHy urget all our churchei to K7K"Ä,in th»".Power to pre-twt oar Englith "f « Bart» He tai. b» felt very aura that BOM of Í' tbe memtVrs of the atifemUy were anxious to help Mr. Want in his attempt to Bweop away their Sunday safe- guards. In the second plaie they were delighted to see BO many persons in all part« of tbs country send- ing; id petition» against tho bill to Parliament. At least 60,000 person« mn«t have ¡fa thia way condonmed the bill, and ho wa« anxious that tho Congregational Union .bould leave no room for doubt aa to what it thought of the matter. The motion was agreed to. VOTE OP STstPATHT. The Rev. JOH* BFCKEMIAM moved,-" That the uaremblv record its sympathy with the Rev. Daniel Jackson in his recant accident." 'lhe motion was agreed ti. iiNAivca. Tho Rev. R. T)rr moved the appointment of a com- mittee to tako into considera ¡on the best means for laisinir the debit balance of £ó")4 0« 6d on the Home Mission account, and to report to tho assembly on Wednesday afternoon. The motion was screed to. Mr. 8. W. JoNRSmived,-" That thi« Assembly re «olve» to oppoinl tho following gentlemen, with power to add to th»ir number, as a committee to raise the balance of £202 10«, »fill outstanding on 'ho grant« voted bv last '.asemhlv, and to report progress on Wedneadav afternoon befare the conaldern'ion of the grnnt« for 1890-91. nnmcly, Me«srs. T. Miller, C. E. Wiraell, Hugh W. Carpenter, S. Whiddon, and the mover." Re explained that when the finance commit- tee last vr-nr was arranging the grants, member» thought they had before them a season of great prosperity, «nd, thorofnre, felt justiflel In malting grants in Rtlvsnco of the ordinary revtnue. Unfor- tunately, the expectations of prosperity had not b«on real'aed, and so the committee found Itself in this position that on the grants proposed last year there wa« still « balance of £,'10i 10s due. The motion waa egret d to. ANKl/AT, «SrORT. The following ia an abstract of the annual report read by the general «ocretary :-" The committee in presenting a report of the work of the Congregational Union and Homo Mission Board, desire to placo on record their gratitude to the brethren from »¡«tor oolo. nie«, who attended and took part in our last annual and half-yosrlvmeetiuga Duringtheyear 22 meeting» of the committee have been hold with sin average attendance of 14. During; the ve*r your committee were deprived of the valuable help of four of their number. The resigna Ion of the treasurer, Mr. W. 8. Ilurncott, »hi-h th« committee accepted with groat regret, neces- sitated the election of another to carry on the ernrk. The committee congratulate themselves on having secured the services of Mr. E. K. Satchell as acting-treasurer of the onion. A new fellowship ha« boen formed at Stanmere, under the pa.tnrato of Rev. T. Kenob. This has been done with the full conourrenco of the parent ch"rch at Newtown, and with the approval of the neighbouring churches at Marrickville and Petersham. The vaosne'e« at the present tim« are Katoomba, North tt illoughbv. Manly, and Hunter'a Hill. To these, in » few week«, will »gain be added Pltt-«treet Church. The Union ha« accepte! the trusteeship of the following church nrowrtlo»:-- Dulwich Hill, Glebe, and Ocean »treet. Woollahra. As trustee, the union ha« been obliged to po-'nt out what it considered a grave breach ef faith on the part of the church at Granville, in re- gard to the discharge of It« duty to the gentlemen who guaranteed a bank overdraft for the erection of the church. Early in the year th» church at Manly re- duced It« debt bv or.o-lialf. The total debt on the pro- perty now aiand« at £130. By a recent speo'al effort on the part of the churches on the Illawarra rai way line, tho disbt at Kogarah will he reduced to £900. AMD will be placed to the Credit of thft building fund at Rockdale, and £50 will be paid off tho dobf on the cliurih at Sutherland. 'I ho new church at Strathfield (TriniU) ha« Keen completed, and is now used bv the church formed under tho pastoral care of th > Rev. G* orgo Littlemore). A now building fan« also been erected at Du wloh Hill for the church formed thorn under the pastoral care of Rev. II. Wilson. Extensive alterations, Including tho erection of galleries, have been modo on the church at Glebe, and renovación» of a less pretentious character have taken place ou the chiircho« at C'ltntmrdown «nd Ocean-street, Woollahra, The committed also noto with pleasure that the truatros of the Independent portion of the cemetery at Rook- wood have erected a mortuary chapel. A mortgage ha« boen effected on Pvrmont church and maneo properly for £2200, at 6} per cent. This replaces a former mortgage on the man*e, And covers the debt on the erection of the new church. A mortgage haa also been effected on the Balmain church, to cover church and manne debt, for £1200 at 0 per cent. A mortgage for £2350, at 6 per cent., ha« been effected on the Glebe church and manso property to discharge a former mortgage, and meet th« coat of alterations and add! tiona to the property, A mortgage ha* been effected on the Stanmore church for £400, at G1 per cent. Tht« discharge« a former mortgage of £3 0, and covers outstanding debt«. The church at Auburn ha* «poured a mortgage for £250, for five yeera, at 7 per cent., with liberty to pay off £50 or aoy larger sum on December 31 of anv or every year during the ourreney of the mortgage. A mortgage for £550, at 6 per cent., has Won effected on the Dulwich Hlllohureh. This sum, *ith £100 from the Building Loan Fund, repre- sento the whole of the dobt on the church property. Portions of general cemeteries In variou« psrta of the country have been dedicated as Congregational burying gr- undi. In the majoriry of cases no trustees have bein "ppointf d, «s the committee* were not «bl» to find Cnngregatlonallst« in the various localities willing ta undertake the responsibilities of irustaeahip. 'lhe attention of the Union ha« been nailed to the onndnct of the municipal council of Proepet t, who, withont tho permission of the trustees, fenced m a portion of the terhotery belongirig to tho Congrogatlonalitta at Parra- matta. A communication haa been made to the Government regarding the trespass. With respect to the Building Loan Fund, the committee reinico to report that the whole ot the prnmi»ea made ro this fund, with the exception of £6, have bein redeemed. The covenants made with the ohurche« to whom loans bave been given are also being honourablv fulfil eil. Th'o Income from all source« ha« been £152 6« Hil. During the year £100, as already mentioned, haa bren advanced to Dulwich Hill, and £30 to Druitt Town, 'lhe credit balance of the fund now «tanda «t £417 14s, Your committee bave had several meetings with regird to the subjeot of the Loudon conference, bat have not yet bee« able to devise means by which tbo funds neces- sary to «end home delegates can be secured. The work of the Union es a Homo Mission Society has beeu carried on during the year with great constancy and much self-denial on tho part of the agente of tho Union, t-ixteen church« and prem hing stations were formerly reported a« aided by the Union, and to these havo now to be added Stanmore. Here a mission baa been carried on for many years by the church at New- town, bul in view of fnrtller developments tho church ht Nsw Iowa considered It desirable that the work should be more closely associated with tile Union than it had been hitherto. Rev. T. Ken eh undertook the charge of tbe mia'ion (n luly, and since then a church of 43 mouibetB has been formed, over which Mr. Kench presides as pastor. The parent church at Newtown has guaranteed £50 a year for two years to assist tho new enterprise. The committee regret to report that Rev. D: Jackeot), of Bathurst, met with a serious accident a few weeks ago, by which be was badly bruised, and one arm waa broken. Hs has not been able since then to conduct anv service. By the aid of the Preachers' Association 2250 service.» have been conducted a» the aided oburehes and preach- ing »latióos during the courte of the year ; 601)0 souls have been reached each Sundav, and 2200 taught in Sundav-sohool« connected with theso churches and preai hing stations. The Northern Church Exteasion Six ietr, aa in former year«, baa carried on wnrk at Lambton and Islington, 'lhe financial position of the Home mission Fnad I« One to cause th« churchs» earnest consideration. The expectation of laat assembly has not been realised aa far as income ii concerned, ahd means must be devisad to bring th« inoome and the expenditure more into harmony. For eome reason which tha committee cannot explain, the con- tribution« from our Hunday- schools have fallen from nearly £200 a few yean ago to £130 for 1889-00. During the past vear the treasurer baa re- ceived £306 3s cn behalf of tho Union, £1041) 2« Id on behalf of the Home Mission Fund, £162 6s 8d on behalf of the Building Fund, and £1009 14« Id for publications, making a total of £2513 5« lOd which hat passed through his hands in the course of the year. The l nina committee at ita first meeting after the annual assembly appointed 10 of it» nnmber aa the proportion of member* It waa entitled to elect, to eerve on the Grammar School Committot, aa d these, with two representatives from Camden Caller«, constituted the committee for the year. The committee report that the following additional promises have been received toward» the building of the school :-Mr. R. W. Hardie, £500 ; Dr. Sydney Jnnoe, £300 ; Rev. G. Rayner, £10. They regret thal a wider response baa not been made to their appeal, but believe that thia arlie«, not from the unwilllngnes« of our people to toko a «hare in thi« important enterprise, but from the general depression, which bas been both long-conrjuuod and anvere. The com mttteo have resolvd to wait a little before taking action. Meantime thoy would be glad to roceivo, as early as convenient, the balance of the promis«« due at i 'ctober ot la»t year. These amount to £392 6« 6d, and vory materially increase every quarter the interest account which the committee baa to meet. If only out of fairness t» those who have contributed, the com- mittee feel that these promises ought to b« redeemed at the earliest poasiblo date. An additional sum of £1400, promised to this enterprise, would now put tho com- mutes within sight of the building of tho Congrega- tional Grammar School. The treoanrership ef the Minister«' Uetirlne Fund, whioh wa« held for eo long by Mr. Joalah Mullens, became vacant through hia temporary W-movol lo ünglau'l a year ago. The oom miitoeare thankful to be able to report that at their request Mr. Randolph Nott undertook the offleo of treasurer. Under hie management the fund enntinnes to prosper, and give« evidence of increased vitality. An additional £o0i> has been invested during the year, Whilst the annuitants remain as at last report. Inti- mation ha« been received of a legacy of £300 from the estate of the late Mr. Joseph Jermyn, which when paid will bring the capital of th« fund up to close unca £"oou. The report was adopted. OHAIBlfAN'l ACCRUS. The Rev. Di4. KOBV.DY delivered the following address hut evening in Pitt- street Church, before the minister», delegate«, and mem«ersofthechurches:-Tbere ia n« queition but thia closing decade of the nineteenth century ii the ace of unrest, Ia the realm« of physical and natural science the revolution ha* almoat completed itself. The over-hasty «yntbesls of an earlier cos- mogony baa been revised ia the light of a vast and constantly accumulating maa« of fact«-new fact«, and old facto newly observed- and the «eientiflo world hu pretty well made up lu mind to aooeet, ia whatever modifications of detail the theory may finally ahape itself-a doctrine of Evo'ution. In th« theological realm similar uutngea at» la progin«. Tha great truths of natural aad revealed religion indeed, «hose evidence Is rooted la the very nature of man, and in the order of human society-these thing«, whatever elia may be shaken, remain. And it I« very Interesting to observe that cí«*e »longtide the deatruotive work which ia being don* by th« procrea* of scicnco and the exact method* of literary «nd his- torical critiriin., there ia . «instructive work alto in 'progrès», which give» tu «Muíanos that, however old garment* whioh no longer fit may have to M laid aside, our theology «ball still not be unclothed, but clothed upon, the perishable only perishing, its mortality being swallowed up of the higher «nd eternal life. But of tbe changea, deep though not radical, serious but never vital, there can be no doubt. It is no longer possible for the Christian Scholar to treat the Bible as it was treated by Puritan divines or Elixabethan bishops. We have been forced, alike by our loyalty to truth and by our love to the souls of men, to abandon some un- tenable positions, to modify some unguarded state- ments, to admit as friendly some things once mistakenly regarded as hostile, to " take stock" of our theological capital, to re-mark our goods, not always at the same figure ; and generally, to reduce to order and consistency what otherwise threatened to be an intellectual chaos. But much of it remains a chaos still. Let it remain so -at least till there is some better prospect than at present appears of re-stating the old truths In a permanently satisfactory form. One of the most serious dangers of this transition time is a tendency to that self-same over hasty synthesis which, as framed by our fathers, has made for us so many of our modern difficulties. There are few things of which the modern theological world has more need than patience. Nor has the ecclesiastical realm escaped the influence of this Time Spirit. The old ecclesiastical barriers are an every side breaking down. Cardinal Manning now fights side by side with John Burns the battle of the London dockers, and even expresses his admiration of the character of Marie Bashkirtseff. Why, he might as well, while he was about it, have expressed his admiration for Luther and Gambetta The bishops discuss tho scientific " position " with Professor Huxley, and that wonderful master of fence comes out of the tournament confessing that their lordships have effusively granted rather morn than the requrements of the challenge. Tho Free Church of Scotland, after practically ousting Profee'Or Robertson Smith, tinda it-elf compelled, 1Q years later, to widen ita boundaries In order to retain Professor Marcus Dods and Professor Bruce, and, either incidentally or bv oxpresa implica- tion, it has come into line with the most advanced theological learning of our time. Mr. Spurgeon, the greatest preacher England has known since Whitfield, and one of England's best and noblest sons, yet speaks as the voice of one crying in the wilderness in his endeavour to bring back the age of Calvin, and the Baptist Union consents to lose its fore- most representative rather than look back. These things are significant of much. I mention them now as indications of tho unrest of our time. But perhaps the most marked evidence of this unrest is tho universal upheaval of thought and speculation which we see going on all around us on questions of a social, economic, and political character. The appearance of such books as George's " Progress and Poverty " and of Bellamy's "Looking Backward" Is but sympto- matic of something which is, as we say, " in the air." There is nothing really new in these books. De Quincey in his " Logic of Political Economy " gives a far more luminous account of the Ricardian doctrine of rent than is given by Henry George, and " Progress and Poverty " is nothing but an exposition and enforce- ment of that commonplace or economic science. Plato is more thoroughgoing a great deal in tho socialism of his ideal " Politeia, than Edward Bellamy ; and there are passages in More's " Utopia" which show that the new socialism is, after all, as old as tho age of the Reformation. It is not the book that makes the epoch; it is the age that is making the books. Tho volumes are becoming "as thick as blackberries ," be cause tho sun of the world's thought is advancing to- wards another sign of the zodiac. The stars in their courses are making, " unhasting, yet unresisting," for a new era. It is of these subjects—subjects quick with the life of the age—that I propose to speak to you in my address to-night. I shall not speak to you as ii novice. 1 do not confess myself a disciple of any new school, with "views" and opinions taken up ut second-hand from recent popular writers. Theoe aub jni I« have ocenpiod the earnest stutty of year«. 1 have endeavoured to hew the atones-some of them at leset -with my own hands, out of tbo original quarries. Plato has been my friend ever eines Dr. Badham set me to read his " Republic." 1 think I know what tho great classical authorities have to say on tho subject of civil and political rights and wrongs, from Justinian to John Stuart Mill; from Paley's "pigeon" to Prudhon's La propriété— c'est vol. Nor, on the other subjects subjects which more directly concern the theologian—shall I venture to speak without know- ledge. I have felt too keenly how serious some of the questions raised in this region are not to have studied them with all the aids which a scholar's modest resources could command, and in a spirit of deep and serious concern. I say all this for a reason which 1 suppose is sufficiently obvious to most. The curse of an age of intellectual disturbance is scolism. I have heard defences of the Christian faith which have made me feel ashamed to see what ignorance still deemed itself competent, and what disingenuousness still thought itself worthy, to defend the holiest of causes. You may rely upon vour chairman to- night for Bt least two things-I shall not speak of things on which I have not something really to say, and I shall scorn to use in the defence of truth and righteousness methods, arguments, or weapons that, are unworthy of it. Let me begin by speaking of the influence of the new science and. of the new learning on the theology of the time. Tho point that I am desirous of emphaslsiiig on this topic is that the changes, though in some instances im- portant, are in no instance what can be described as vital- that is, as touching the central unified of tho Christian faith. "There is one body "-tho congre- gation of faithful men-"and one Spirit"-tho Lord and Giver of Life--'* even as we are called in one hope of our calling, one Lord Jesua Christ," " one faith, one baptism'-tho washing or regeneration and tbe renewing of thi Holy Ghost-" ono God ano Father of all, who is above all and through all, and in us all." These great verities of the Christian doctrine- and of Christian experience remain unaffected by whatever theological changes the years have brought. The Gospel remains now as ever " tho power of God unto salvation." The Cross still holds its unique place in the faith, the thought, the spiritual life of the Church. The sermon on tho mountain registers still the high-water mark of social ethics. The Great Biography has lost nothing of its interest or power. And Christ has never been more to tho children of men. and has never filled so large a space in tho social life and social aspirations of men, as He does to- day. The " things which cannot be shaken remain." It would, indeed, be idle to deny that such books as Bishop Temple's "Bampton Lectures," our own R. F. Horton's book on " Inspiration and tho Bible," and the late remarkable publication, " Lux Mundi." issuing from tho very head-quarters of High Anglicanism, mark a distinctly new stage of the Church's advancing thought on the relations between Holy Scripture and the other segments of the great circle of universal truth. These books contain, indeed, nothing which has not long been known, and more el- less recognised, by earnest students in this realm. And their publication seems to Indicate that the time has come for a popular statement and exposition of what has perhaps been too long the esoteric belief of " the wise who think." Dr. Temple's lectures may be regarded as practically closing tho long, wire-drawn, sometimes ingenious, but often disingenuous discussion on the relation between science and tho Bible ; while "Lux Mundi" and Mr. Horton's straightforward volume make it clear to all the world that a reverent acceptance of the Christian Faith ii quite coinpuliblo with a c. indid acceptance of the well-ascertained results of sober inquiry on the literary form, structure, and history of the books of the sacred canon. We shall have, I think, to reconcile onreelrei to these results. It is no use trying to persuado earnest students of those questions, and such Obrittian scholar« as have bestowed on th-ni th« diligent loaming and labour of a lifetime, to stultify their own Intelligence, or, on so solean a subject, to play fast and loose with troth, 'io the trumpet revell of Archdeacon Denison to tho pathetic appeal of Conon Liddon, and to the biting saroasma of Professor Huxley-to friend und foe alike thora is, and can bo, no other reply than that of tho Master or Keble. What he «ays, in effect, is this :-Here I stand, I can do no other. I cannot consent to n condi- tion of permanent intellectual chaos in respect to two hemispheres of inter*related truth. I cannot annibilato one In lhe supposed, though quito taUtakably supposed, interests ot the other. All truth ia ono. AU truth is self-consistent. Alike aa a nebnlar and as a Christian I ara forbidden either to suppress, to mutilate, or-lo apologise for. the Truth. But the important thing to note is that these scientific, literary, and critical in- quiries leave the religious and spiritual elements of the Bible «nd the great supernatural forcea of Christianity jual where Ihey were. Iho controversy concornlngthe composite character of the Hexaieuch and of tho Book of Psalm», the existence of older clc enta embedded in later recensions ; the subordinate place of tbo bonks known among the Alexandrine Jews as th« paraltipo mena, tbo dual authorship of Tnsiah, tho later date of Daniel, the historieal order and the successive rédac- tions of tbe primitive New Testament tradition - for it mu»t never bo fnreotten that tha Gospel WUK preached long boforo It was fixedly written -an I, finally, tho con- troversy which lina for it» battle-field tho history tindor Ij ing tho Epistle to the Galxtiana ; these controversies, whatever their issue» moy be, leave unalloeted the great decisive facts of the Gospel history, and 'hoy leave un- affected the groat momenta of Christian experience. I here interpélate a eentenco or two which havo fallen into my hands «ince this addresa waa written, from a striking anide by Dr. Dile, of Birmingham-it so happens on this very subject-in tho last number of tho Sinrtrcnth fentury.-"The modern Protostnut theory," says Dr. Dale, "which insists (1) that Christian faith rosta oatho authority of tho New Testament, and (2) tbat tho authority of the New Toetament roete on a literary and historical demonstration that the Gospels and Epistloa «oro written by the mau whoso names thev bear, and that tbcie wrltera were inspired ; this theory, I cay, was not the theory of tho Reformers or of tho Puritans, «nd is wholly incredible. Tho real mid 'effective faith of Protestant« in the Now Testament," ho continues "res's upon the power of it« contents over those element« and faculties of our spiritual lifo which respond to tbe immediato appeal of God/and to that appeal only." In the person ot Christ, as Ho is represented In tbe Gospels-whoever may have written them-we find a Divine pon- er, and in Hi« words a Divine accent. " In the foundations of faith thoories of inspiration snd theories of apostolical authority have noplace." Tho real «eat of authority in th« Chriarisn religion is ths vision of God in Christ. It« witnes« is within. So far Dr. Dab. Happily our own relation to such c-mtroverslos is one wbieli bringa nut into strong relief tho soundness and wisdom of what I may de- scribe as (ho charaotoriatio fcaturo of Congregationalism. Congregationalism ia historically distinguished from other ecclesiastical system« by its refu-al to toreólos« disrusiion on religlou« dogma. Other Churches have formulated, or, ratber, fiai already formulated for them by the divines of three conturie* or two cen- turies ago, or la«*, a serle* of article* defining in the meat rigid wav the Christian doctrine a« apprehended by Cranmer, lot u« aay, or Calvin, or by John Wes- ley; and what liberty they .are able to exercise is limited severely within these bonada. The fathers of Independency, out of their loyalty to Christ, and their reverence for the chartered liberty of tho ChrlntiBi conscience, under law to the «nomme Hoad of the Church alone, refused to follow the example of their brethren, refused to Impose these restraints upon the freedom of Christian thought and testimony, and the separate existence of our churches to-day marka th« permanence and continuity of their protest. How strikingly has the history of th« modero Church-and indeed it» whole history from the beginning-justified that protest.' Th« rancour of religion» persecution, the burnings and beheadings, the torture« and Inquisitions, the cruelties and oppression» anoeiated with the name» of Philip II. and Charle» IX., of Tndor «nd Stuart of Pop» and prelate, of bigoted king» «nd ot_ Usurping prlo'tt-theso things ; with the pale reflection« of thom which still turvivo in a more tole'j-ant »go-a'o-iusntions »f icoism, sacerdotal arrogance, tho feeble anathema« of » d.caying ect- loelasticism-theso , thing» aro all roofed lu the fundamental mistake of treating the litith of the Church u something stereotyped,'instead of being, as it is, ? vital continuous relationship" betweon tbe living man and the living God. That articlo in tho Bbortcst, 1 oldoit, and bent of all the oroods, '« I believe in the Holy Ghost," which is an assertion of "tho con- stant continuous pretenco of the Eternal with the children of men, to quicken, to guide. Jo teaob, to anooint with " an unction" which cnablos the dlsciplo " to know "-that nrticlo never needed moro ompbntio utterance than it does to- dav. I do not deny that other Churches possess merit-, of their own whioh wo have not. I recognise ia all the Churches a means of preserving, if only by means of dispropeltionato testi- mony, the integrity of the Faith. And certainly if we may tench other Churches «omcthinr, thèro is also much that thpy may teach us. But it is, 1 think I may venture to Say, the grpnt merit Of Congrogs tioñalism that it has horno unceneiucr testimony to the learning ofil>-o-ns continuously and 'progressively maintained-in the Church, of the Holy Spirit of God. I no,v pass to the other hemisphere of my thoino. 1 proceed to discuss the attitndo of the Christian con- science towards tho great social question« of our time. Let mu begin with tomo distinctly recognised facts »nd Borne commonplace« of economic ecienco. Wo shall then foe how tho wholo thing looks in tho light of tbo law of Christ. Qno thing that cannot fini to striko tho most casual observer is tho vast accumulated -yeallh of tbo modern word. Money it so abundant, in tho hand« of ..orno people, that the great difficulty appears to be to know what to do with it I remember a pathotio instance of the embarrass- ments of wealth, which once carno under my notice in New Zealand. An Investment nod fallen In by soma oversight come days before another investment had beec provided, anti the owner went about ainomr hi« friends in a half-distracttd state nf mind, exclaiming that he waa losing £40 a week. Ho had had £30,0 io on hand for a whole fortnight, for which he had not oven yet succeeded in finding a suitable investment Tho tone of complaint was that of a man who atood under tho shadow of the workhouse. It Is an 111 wind that blows nobody good, and tho ututo Mr.tinMhon bat suc- ceeded in reducing the interest ou English Consol« practically to about £2 16» per cent '('but fact is a deeply significant one. No wonder, when tho maxi- mum security and minimum of trouble yield «o low a return, that «li tbe avenues Of enterprise oro flushed with competitivo capital. Yet, it ia quito certain, by the inevitable statics of Plutology, that the «verige re- turns to tho inventment of capital, when you deduct the margin of insecurity and the wage» of superintendence, eau he no greater than the a vol ago retflingi of Mr. Goschen1« barometer. That, of course,'at once dis- poses of tho popular fallacy thal capital lathe enemy of labour. Capital, as capital, find« it hard enough to get any adequate return for it» own Investments. Tbe vast accumulations of idle wealth in tho hands of people who do not know v. hat to do with it, and who, to saVo themselves trouble und lick, fling it into the public fund», nrukoit impossible for ihn capitalist, s« a mere investor, to get more out of his butin»«» iban the current low ruto of interest, ondit is only the residuum .hat i« available tor the payment of wages. Yoi, all thi» time, »hilo it teems impossible to give the dock- j labourers another penny oh hour; while match-box maker» aro reinunoruted at the rate of 2{d a gross ; while Bryant and May « factory girls maka tbe m-itohea themselves tit a starvation wage oi 2s fid a week-tbo wealth perpetually created by tho great anny at worker» steadily grows, "fortunes of £ lO.OüO a yeu «re not uno «inmon ; and they et ery ono of tbeiii ti present a capital of about £100,1100. But thora are incomes of £ oi'.OOO a year, of £l00,0u0 a year, and 'tomo Behe- moths of the plutocracy, both in england «nd Amtricu, lay au annual tribale upon tboli- follotv-crèatures of not Kss than a million sterling. We naturally ask ourselves, Who aro tho makers of till:thi» wealth '{ I here ia, in the last analyst«, but one answer to that question. All the accumulate! -yetlilt of the u-orid is the product of huuisn labour-labour of tho brain, ol course, u well a« of the hock ; tho labour ot tbo pen, as «oil ns of the spade. It Is tho result of tho upp icutlou ot human faculty, whether of strength or skill, to the ruw material which nature supplies. Of course that strength and skill may bo otberwiso applie I than to tbe legitimate uses of produc- tion. Thev may be used for tbo purpo-e'of etfeoting an involuntary transler from the legitimate producor io some uno else. And this, whether It toke» on tbe violent form ot the house-breaking thief, or the less palpable shape of one who ehow« himself to be sud- denly rich in the possession of wealth which he did not eirn-whether it waa bv a flour " ring" or a " corner " in tin tacks, or a land b .ora, or a «harebroking «pecula- tion-these are all breaches, however disguised, tend hoKOver allowed and accepted by the conventionalities of society, of natural justice. Nor is the caso different with the common gifts of nature. Wealth earned by no one is what in Roman law would be oatled ree nullum, a thiug belonging to no one, and therefore a thing natural! jute communie. A man ha« no more right to that tbun be bis to tho coin« in bis' neighbour'» purse. It is true that human eociety-the Lex to mnket nil manner of arbitrary dislinctioni here. And it IB only fair in our judgment of individual» to recog- nise theso distinctions. We canb.it blaine men tor allowing their conduct to be regulated by tbo Lex. lea. But for all that the natural ethics of the case, however Professor Huxley may scoff at them, stand out in unmistakable clearness. " If any will not work, neither let him eat" Iho man who does not earn his bread or his £10,000 a year can only live by stealing it I do not count, of course, such uses of man's strougth and »kill among the factor« of production. I am spoaking, of course, of legitimate production. Such a use of strength and skill is neither legitimate nor productive, m tho last analysis, then, I say all" production niiros from tho application to tho" raw mate- rial of nature of human strength and skill. It is common, indeed, to allege capital-ai another factor. But capital is only tho reiult of previous labour It is wbst tho Continental econnmists call "labour jelly." It is preserved labour. , And money is merely a conventionally-accepted standard of value, which enables a man lo draw to tho amount of it upon tho labour of those nbout him. In the iaat analysis you stand face to face with the material» otf production in Nature and with tho producer, labour. And yet no one cvon pretends to say that the Wealth Which labour makes accumulates in labour's hands. It accumulates, but in other hands than those of lubour. How ebor meus during the last 50 years has boen tho expansion of Ihn productiveness of human industry by meant of machinery. Look at the infinito ufo- to which etoam EowCr Is applied. Sea in come textile manufactures ow ono man can do tho work of 600 torn. -Look at Iho wonderful mhcbinc- mnltinc; rnachiiins Of the L-re&t; iron foundrios. See the nutointtio working of .ho great wood mid leather factories.. Think of the manufacture of Bessemer steel. Kio, into small a mutier ii» tha manufacture of lucifer matches, how recent improvements havooileotod a saving, BO hil Lyon Playfair estimittus, o more than u score ol' million» sterling. Even in so primitivo an occupation as that of the Australian pastorallst or farmer I should not wonder if tbo barbed wire fencn and the boundary rider dis- pensing with the «hephurd, the steahi plough, the reaping machine, the tbrerbing mnchme, the ¡.recent improvements iu ebcep ehearing nnd wool scouring, have not on-bled the glazier or farmer of to-day to do fivo,times IIB much with tbo Burne number of men OB 20 ynatB ago. Econoutibta very generally estimate tho labour-saving machinery of to-day in all departments \ of occupation as iucreaeiag tho < produetiveuoss of labour (enfold. A« a matter of fact, too, theso mechanical improvement« and invention« have been largely tho discovery of those actually at work iu the groat industrial army. But havo they reaped the honofit V Let us admit that capital is entitled to its thara. Suppose it it entitled to one-fourth of the nuw values created by labour-saving machinery. Still, it ia pertinont to ask, If one man em now do as much as could be done 40 yoars ago by 10, ought not tho hour« of labour to havo been long since reduced to alxii and the woget of labour doubled or quadrupled t ' The toanufacturod wealth ha» been increased tenfold.i in abat proportion ought tbe condition of the wealth producer to havo improved P How muoh leas than tenfold ? I ara understanding, of course, nil the time, that the «toroil-up labour Of the investor, the advances of the capitalist, should reap a corresponding return. And there is wealth enough, and to spare, one wo id think, for both. But how bitterly disappointing is the fact. If improved scientific niothod» in the manu- facturo of lucifer matches have moant n national glin, as Sir Lyon Playteir declares, ol 20 millions sterling, let uS remember that tbo girls who manufacture these matches'J get only hnlf-a-crowii a week, and Bryant «ne* May would havn (-¡von tho «crow another turn but that tho long suffering toilers retUBod to «tend the strain »f tbo op- pression any longer. And that, lot us remembor, ¡B a typical instunco. In that classical boole by Professor '!horold liogera-how much wo regret the los« at thi« time of eo fni-seolng a teacher-In his classical book on " Six Centuries of Work and V/agee," Professor Rogers says :-" Thot the patent» of Arkwright and Peel secured enormous fortune« for certain msnnfnc titrore wa all know ; that they gave England well nigh a monopoly in the Biipply of toxtllo fabric« is . equally manifest, but I do not And that the machine woavcr bettered his position, while the hand-loom weaver was of course impoverished. The misery of the manufac- turing districts wna even greater then that of tbo Agricultural." Well, and what wns ihe condition of the agricultural districts ? We seem to know. Tcnnlel'i skilful r-ourtmynl in London Punch of the «grlotitturat labourerinBr-filoioiitly fannliar-toallof ns But Professor Roger« acltiAll} tolls u»:-" I do not remember, in the very extended study I havo given to tho history of agricultural labour and wages, during tho «lx centuriot for which thoio it recorded and continuons ovidoneo, that in tho worst experience of tho labourer he was, till very recently, open to the risk of having his children of either sex taken from him and put under the care of a gang master, with a view to their labouring 'in the fields, being housed for tbe night in barns, «nd exposed lu tbe coarse brutalities of «non a situation." In other words, this Oxford Professor of Political Economy tells us, for the comfort of our insouciant optimism, and to the praise of our advancing civilisation, that the Eng- lish farm labourer ha« touohed the lowest rleer/of «lx centuries in our own tim«. But he tell» ut also that « doap beneath thi« jowett deep wu reached by the manufacturing operative even In the palmy dave of Arkwright and Peel-in tho very flu»h of England's earliest manufacturing triumph. Surely, brethren, it it high time that we Christian people began to look into all this. The Christianity that answers to Christ's own ideal is not a religion of the cloister or of the school. It is not a Christianity that deals in phrases and definitions, that Is skilled in splitting theological hairs, and anathematising those who cannot It is a Christianity which judges the fatherless and pleads for the widow, which lets the halo of its saintship shine into the cellar of the sweater and into the garret of the seamstress, which makes the warmth of its fervour felt, not only in its praise of God, but in its active sympathy for man: which " searches out the cause which it knew not"; which asks the reason why tho mire of pauperism should lie thick around palace and temple; why the richest city In tho world could hardly afford another penny an hour to the dock labourer; why millionaires at one end of the social scale should be balanced at the other end by millions of paupers. There are never lacking those who are willing "to swell the triumph and partake the gale " of the beati possidentes. But the Christianity of Christ—if only we could recover it-" pauses in life's pleasures to count its many tears " and " hides not itself," however disguised in rags and misery, " from its own flesh." It will be a poor issue to all tho vanity of a life of blind and thoughtless self indulgence, to have to look with blank amazement at last into the face of the Master, and say. " When saw we Thee ?" There is no mystery indeed about any of these gross Inequalities of modern society to those who have eyes to see. Study, in any of the common treatises of political economy, the Ricardian doctrine of rent, and you will wonder no longer why we are only allowed to reap half the natural benefits with which God has enriched us in our mag- nificent coalfields, the other half having to be paid as tribute in tho shape of rent, Study in any of tho text- books tho law of wages—what Walter Besant in his ' Children of Gibeon " calls " The law of tho eleven pence ha'penny," and you will perfectly understand what Louis Blanc means by his piquant dialogue : " A contractor requires a workman, Three present them selves for his selection. ' How much wages do you want?' he says to one. ' Three francs; I have a wife and children.'' ' So, so ; and you ? ' Two francs and a half ; I have no children, but I have a wife.' . Very well ; and you ? ' Two francs will do me ; I am a bachelor.' '"Then you get the job.' It is done, Tho bargain is made. And what is to be done with tho two excluded workmen? It Is to be hoped that they will permit themselves to die of famine. But what if they should not ? What if they should be driven to theft? Don't be afraid, we have tho police. Or murder ? Why we have tho hangman." There is the operation of that " iron law of wages," which tends constantly to reduce tho earnings of labour to a point which barely suffices to afford the labourer a subsistence. And it is there that we get the explana- tion of Professor Rogers' startling facts and figures concerning the condition of the labouring classes dur ing the last six centuries, and of John Stuart Mill's still more startling statement—startling when you con- sider how competent and cautious was tho man who made it, that " it is questionable if all tho mechanical Improvements yet invented have lightened tho day's toil of a single human being." What has become of the wealth we know. It has gone to swell tho fortunes of the plutocracy. It has added to these accumulations whose embarrassing plethora have brought consols down to 2} per cent. Brethren, that is the ominous fact about the existing economic situation. Money is so abundant in tho hands of the few that Mr. Goschen will pay next to nothing for it. It is, as we say, "dirt cheap." Yet money is so scarce in the hands of the many—so says General Booth—so says Dudley Baxter—so says Alfred Russell Wallace—that actually one-sixth of the population of England and Wales are either paupers or on the ragged edge of pauperism. O God, that bread should be so dear, and flesh and blood so cheap ! Pauperism ! What is pauperism ? It is stringe reading to read some of these voluminous— If not luminous—essays by the American millionaire, Andrew Carnegie, in tho North American Review, on the comfortable and contented life of American artisans, and of "a mil lionaire's duties" in relation to them; among which duties he does not say that the greatest is to disgorge the results of his exploitation, and that tho least is— to cease to write his patronising essays ! What is pau- perism ? I ask. Have you been reading what Mr. Stead has been getting his " helpers" to do to brighten the dull existence of the inhabitants of the English workhouse ? Tho story of his efforts, his difficulties, tho abysmal neglect—as of tho very dead —which marks the officialdom which rules over tho English Bastile, is one of tho must pathetic things—tho more so from its nauve unconsciousness of pathos—I have ever read. Ah, we make little of the sorrow that touches us not, or that buries itself out of our sight. And men will "speak comfort" in a distant, far-off way " to that grief which they themselves do not feel." But it may give a wholesome shock to our indifference to be reminded by a modern American preacher : " Pace thoughtfully the slums and alleys of a great city; your descendants may have to live there." There are those to whom these evils, alas, are all too real. And there are those, whose whole life is one pro- longed struggle to get beyond tho possibility of their influence ; for men hate and fear pauperism as they no longer hate and fear the theologian's hell. Nay, more than that, this incessant " struggle for existence " brings to the surface all the baser elements of human nature. It has its foundation in mere selfish animalism -" Eat or be eaten," It dooms a man—unless re- sisted—to ignorance of tho nobler aspects of life, and puts him out of sympathy with its nobler enjoy- ments. It shuts out too often the vision of God. it is all too apt to give rise to a spirit of recklessness and lawlessness, what potent and dangerous elements to Impair the higher functions of the State or to poison its life-blood those fierce instincts of the untamed human being are we know. They leave room neither for tho fear of God nor for reverence for man. Let them but acquire the ascendancy, and all touch of reli- gious obligation and of chivalric feeling disappears. There remains neither the sense of moral discipline nor submission to constituted authority. The struggle with the wolf of poverty awakens that tiger spirit which slumbers, I fear, in tho breasts of all of us. Let us not be too hasty to fling the stone of indignant judgment, " There goes Richard Baxter but for the grace of God." Mulato nomine de te fabula narratur. "Considering thyself," says St. Paul. You may lay it down as a perfectly safe canon of social judgment, in any mixed society like our own, where Social changes up and down are of daily occurrence, that what moral dif- ferences appear arise* not from one class having " a larger dose of original sin " than another, but from the differing influences of social environment. Anyhow, tho fact remains : this " struggle for existence ' means not only social danger but individual degrada 'tion. I ask, is that a healthy state of things ? How is it possible to gain any audience for tho lofty teachings of the New Testament on the subject of unselfishness in tho face of that spectral horror which strangely pushes itself in at tbo mansion-house door of tho wealthy trader no less than it dogs the footsteps of labour and haunts tho miser's dreams ? And what of those whose immense accumulations seem to remove them beyond tho remotest possibility of poverty ? It is but tho exchange of one evil for another. We have lost the golden mean. And we have left ourselves but the alternativo either of » strUgglb for bread among those who want, or an inso Itnt luxury among tbosu who havo. What be ames of tho eena ot millionaires ? What «ort ot men do those make-tho Roman poet knew them a» well as wo do " horn to consume the fruits " ot lhe industry of others ? 1 neod not ansa er, for you know. Gentlemen, theso aro subjoct» On which for the Christian citizen to meditate, alike in the interests of hi» Christianity and in the discharge of hie dutios of citl/osship. 1 am not here to-night to speak to you of radical remedies which to myself, at least, seem alono adéquats to mool tho case. I he radical question sonms to mo to be tho ques- tion of the lund, 1 hen arl sea tho question of enlarging, not indeed the governing function but the productive and indugtriu! functions of tho State. Neither of these subject« do 1 piuposo to diocuoa. t shall content my- self with 'anio lufereucoe and «UggestionH of «. moro general character. 1 he principio to be borna etoudily m mind in all these question« Is ono that goes to the vory heart of Çhriationity itself. It is tho principio onunciotcd lb. the great words of St. Peter, " Honour all men." The temper of our modern life not, ra dcod, iu the realm of Parliamentary eloquence, and legal fiction, aud wooden ballot boxes, but in real social estimation-is to treat ona man as equal in value to a thousand mon, and another as equal in valuo to but tim thousandth part of a mata. Wo ure growing moro und moro accustomed to theso immense disparities. I supposa our children will ros mammoths ef next cen- tury's plutocracy, if the system lasts so long, who « ill count their hundreds of million« where now they count their tens And aorao of them will write essa> a, perhaps in North American Reviews and elsewhere, to show " how inevitable it is in human society that we should havo tho poor always with us," which, as every »tttdeht of tho Now testament knowe, our Lord tiever in the most distant way affirmed. No, my brethren, we must hark back to the Christianity of tbe Noiv Tertamont. We must allow every man to count for one, not only for the next world, but for thia also. We must honour all men. Then We must throw off tho incubus of this superstition about /ai««» fatre, We bave allowed ourselveito he persuaded that we have only to 1st the various Clement» of solf-sooktng fight one another, andottt of tho wrangle of «elfi- hness tha world will reap the fruits of lovo. Wo have boen told that to set barrier« to the encreaohmecta of operes sion, to forbid women to work in mines, and ohildron of tendor year«to labour in fuotorio«, is to interfere with the freedom of labour-that all we havo got to do, to use the beautiful Christian phrase of Lord Derby, is to " make a ring," and « and that the spoils go to tho victor ! How contrary all that is to tho teaching of the Now Testament surely no one haa been so deceived na not lo be ablo to see, but still wo have Bomehow thought " thoy did not know everything down In Judoo," nnd the theory of " buy cheap, though the goods are wet with tho Tear« of tho oppressed, and sell dear, though it be famine that raises tho price," seemed so complete, compact, and intelligible a theory-it was so universally accepted by tho econo- mists-thot wo thought wo would for once prefer tho Gospel of Manchester to that of Galilee. And with what result ? Wa havo landed ourselves in a social condition wherein tho majority of men dread poverty as a very hell, and know no beaven but a fortune. " Good Amerlcans," you know, " Whon thoy die go, not to heaven, but to Paris." We havo landed ourselves in « social condition wherein the force« of disintegration are becoming alarmingly apparent. Pcoplo are asking, What next ? No one believes that the prcsent order of things can last. 1 am not myself unhopeful of the outlook. Tho universal discussion of these topics will preparo tho way for poaoeful change*. Agafn. aa of old, tho religious element, the Christian conscience, will help to hnlt together the bonan of a disjointed time, 'and conciliate conflicting interest«. But the oauaa of our present trouble« lies just here. Tho din of material progress, tho clamour of the market-place, has dulled our ears to the volce and to the words of Jesus. John Ruskin, whose noble fidelity to the Christian Gospel oblnej in thia age like a star upon the brow of night, did his best (but with- out success) to make the real issue olear to his con- temporaries of 30 years ago. " It is impossible to con- clude," eaya the groat Christian moralist, " of any given maa* of acquired wealth merely bv the feet of ita existence, whether it signifie« good or evil to the nation In whlsh it exists. It« real value dependa on the moral sign attached to ¡', just a« sternly as that of a mathematical quantity depends an the plus or minus that precede« it. Auy given accumulation of com- mercial wealth may be Indicative, on tbo ono hand, of fal'hful Industries, progressive energies, and productive ingenuities, or, on the other, It may be Indicative of mortal luxury, merciless tyranny, ruinous chicane." You have only to read thi vast accumulation of facto-1 aay nothing of tho theory based upon them—in Karl Marx's classical work, "Das Capital," and the similar researches ef the 1st« professor »f political economy in Oxford University In "Bia Centuries of Work «nd Wages," to understand and feel how bitterly true ara tba oonoluding word* of Ruskin's sentence : " That which seems to be wealth may ia verity a» only th« «tided index of far-reaching mia; a wreoker'a handful of coln gleaned from th« beach to which ho his beguiled «a argosy, a camp follower's bundle of rag« unwrapped from the breast* of goodly «oldlurs dead: th* purchase of potter'* Held*, wherein «hall be buri«d:togeth«r the citizen and the stranger." No, my brethren, the modern world le on th» wrong track. It only romaine for Christian Ç-opIe to hark back to the teaching of their Master, bo world telli tu that it hu a science of becoming rich; that it know» the «eoret of buying cbup Rbd tolling dear; that it can widen the distenco botwnon the rich and poor; that It hath an alchemy by which what is torn from th» hungry grasp of the ono may be added to the superfluous accumulation« of the ether. But Christ refuses to allow HI« disciple» to " seek tholr own" at the «Bcrilice of the interests of another. Ho refuses to allow any personal IntoroRt to Htand In tho way of " tho commonwealth." He tells ti» to "«eek first tho Kingdom of God and His justice;" to chooa« between tho sel-vlco of Mammon and the ser- vice of God ; to beware of covetousness ; to look out for some more hopeful rheanti of entering tho Kingdom of God than by "the needle'» ovo:" to "b"«r ono another's burdens;" «nd if wo find our wealth becom- ing a Bunro to u», to " go and sell «11 that we bavo and give to tho poor," that wo may havo tho hotter treasure of a h.iraon heart, and find a nobler object of pursuit In following Him. Theso oro hard saving», 'lhev oro not easy even for the Church of God to bein Easy ? I «hould think not. The meauost, tbo most violont and malignant p-issinn-i of flic human breast are those which rally ti- the de'enco of gold. Hut thnt onlv shows how needful are tho wat-nina-», and how wise and gracioue tbo faith- ful testimony of the Master. And do not nil tho indi- cations of tbo hoar cnnHrm the truth of Ills words ? To accept that loftv ideal of a pure, unselfish lifo-to " glvó to him that «tkoth theo : " to bnifow a» «rtuch anxiou» thought on the well-being of another as on ono'« own; to do to nnother nn wo would havo him do to u«; to love our hoighbiur an ourselves la not that the »very principle that Is now needed to save society V Will anj-thlng cite save it? O Christian men, O mv brethren in tho ministry : fear not that our vocation is at an end and our occupation gone. Now that the world, with im gospel of self, »elf, soif, ha« got to the ond of ils tothor; now that the very fulfilment of ita hopo fill» it with despair; now that it has got the desire of its heart, only to find that vi ith if God has sent loanno;» into its Bottl ; now is our opportunity. Now Is the time to oali men back to lhat pure celestial teaching Not harsh and crabbed as dall fools suppose -the Divine philoiophy of the Son of Man; those ethics of this Gospel now by r-xporionco found to bo nnnossnry after having boon treated by our foolish blindness «B impos-iible. 3. In bringing to a con- clusion mv remark« on those two great questions thcro burning questions, religion« «nd «ocial -of onr tlmn, it will be at once evidont that the koy of both problems is In tbo hands of Christ The fruitful and décisive rretmont of thom is the f/iritto-centric one. Tho scientific revolution of our times leaves omito un arTectod tho rreat spiritual fact» of our inner life, and mau'« relation to tho Eternal. Tho literary and historical question« which surround fho erigin of Christianity bring out in their Inàt result the fact lhat a Gospel tradition substantially identical with that of our synoptic« wns hold nrid recognised by tho generation of CbriBtinn« who were under the teaching of npnstollo m-n. 'Iho great quadrilateral of the Epistles of Paul to tho Rnrnnns, tho Corinthian«, and the Gslatians. and the unbroak'.blo linltB of testimony -Irenaeus, Pnpi.i«, Justin, Polycarp guarantee be- yond question, I do not tay tho ipshsima wrba, but the hi«tonosl laoti which Ho at tho ba«i« Of our Christian faith. Still that faith s-andt-lh not in the letter, biri in Hie priwor of rho Divina Spirit. " We hAvft herd bim oursol vee, nnd know that tht» is indeed the Christ the f-'aiinur of the world." 1 he vision of God carries in itself the »ssuranco of nn indefectible certainty. Christ Khineth over in the toni of m«n by a light ot Hi» own. In tho nama Way, tho world's ¿co esiastlctl trmtblr-», tho fierce controversies of Christendom, tho anathemas, the sustrii'ion», tho jralnutle», tbo odium theoior/icuin those thing» havo but one remedy, and that Is n nearer approach to the centro of all Hgbt and lifo of brothor hood. Finally, at tho heart of nil social questions la Christ, ¡s'owbero is thlo seen moro dearly than in the way mon speak of [lim, who know Him, os a sacial reformer and nothing elso. It is wonderful and touch- ing to see how tbo stormy Revolutionists, like Mazzini and Garibaldi—how men who lead the van of an advanced Radicalism, like Henry George, Bellamy, and Davidson-all bow tbeir heads at the mention of hi« name. And they «ro right. There never has appeared in history such a friend of the poor and of the deorossed-such a genuine Tribune of the people-«« Jesus Christ. There ia no chsrter of human liberty to match the New Testa- ment ; »here is nn new»--npor leader that fit» moro rlosidv tho exigencies »f modern hf» thnn th« words of tho MuBtor. Men feel the spell of tho wonderful Li'« ; thev feef tho magnetic attraction of tho Son of Man. Christ'« Gospel is not ob'nleto ; wo are only beginning to understand how errat n thing it is. Iheohnhge« that «io taking piano in men'« thought« »bout it ire indications, not of its clecav, hut of tho e:;nsnsivo force of ita Divinely prngrcstivo lifo. Tho narrow thought» of a »elf-seeking other-world lines« «re being dlsplaood by an enthusiasm for tbe Kingdom. Tho «scella theory of life, which enjoined con'entment with a moaner standard of living, is giving placa to the largor view of lifo as a precious, noble gift of God, to be accepted and used by ill God's children In the fulness of all its opportunities of culture and of gUduoss, " The Kingdom of Heaven is like un'o a certain king who mad» a mar riago feast for his ton." Tho sacerdotal theory of religion is bro iking do . n under n sense of th« equality of the Christian Brotherhood-calling no nan Master but Christ Tho dynaatic theories of government, with their maxims of despotism, their subterranean intrigues, their diplomacy, ambltion, oppression and blood, uro sinking down Into dust before that rule of the common People, which is centred in tho truth that " the head of every man is Christ." While on the other hand, the anarchic «pirlt whioh «nmetime« takes possession of the Democracy will find ita most efîeclivo check in tho mildness lind «weet roasonablencsu of Him who bid» u« boar Hi» yoke, for He is "meek and lowly of heart.'' The »ocia! war« which rend ?oeietv asunder, «uch a« that from which our own dis- tracted country ia -still suffering, will find tboir recon- cilement in tbo Sermon on the Mount And to thero «ball bercilisod at last that of wblch prophets have testified and poets havo «ung-the Cititas X1«'-that citv which lleth four square, in tbo justloo «nd recti- tude of It, and whoso found»tI*ns ero of precious «tone» in syrnbol of it» purity, it« glntlnet«, it« truth, its merciful-iest, its B.oetnese, Its ovorleßting beauty, its eternal light anti love. It I« a vision. But thiH old world of ours shall yoi wolcomo it at a reality. It will not come all at onco, nor como with equnl foot.tops. But every victory over undent error and ancient wrong, every battle won for truth and juktico, is a permanent mnvomont of its ndvamo. Tho increasing light and cnorgy, the moro robust vlrtuo, tho moro sensitivo comciouce, " tho larger bourt, th» kindlier hand " of «ncresslvn generations of rneri «hall help it onward. " E*ery valley «h-11 be exalted, and cvory mountain shall bo made loW, nnd tbo crooked «hall bo muilo strniirhr, nnd tim rough places plain." "Ephraim shall not envv Judah, nor Judah vox Ephraim." " Tbo liberal shall devise liberal thing», nudbv libsrnl thing« chalí he stand." And still thoio shall bo hestd "tim voice of Ono -bet felloth good tidings." Say tinto the city of Judah, Bay unto tho cities of ihn nutlono, I'cce Homo, ¡-ecu Dots-*' Bohold tho man," " Behold your God !" 