OUR LONDON LETTER From Our Coiuikbpondknt. LONDON. 1st August. Tour lalo visitor, Lord Dunlo, lias cotno very ladly out of his divoroo suit, no lias shown himself a miserablo puppet throughout. To please his father ho signed allegations ngninst bis wife, for which ho had 110 other warrant limn the Iotters which George Luwis wrote to him when in Australia. Immediately niter ha had sot the citation in motion, lie wroto to his wifo averring ids full coufldcuoo in lior inno- conco, thUB giving tho lie diroot to tlio nllidavit which ho had posted to Ills father's solicitors tho day before. Family intimidation and fonrs of an impecunious future led him to dosort and betray his nowly marriod wifo, and I10 was not evon truo to his family when lie profcssodly backed up tho proceedings which they wero taking on his presumed behalf. If the divorco lind como off, as Gcorgo Lowis nssurcd Lord Clancarty It would do, Lord Dunlo would at least have occupied a definite position, and gained an nllownneo if ho lost his wife. As it is, lie lias neither got his wifo nor got rid of her, and a more contemptible figure than that cut by this weak young lordling it would bo impossible to imagine. Probably in despair I10 will seek a reconciliation with the woman wbom ho lio has not succeeded in repudiating, Tbo ro- sult of tho trial should bo a lesson to autocrats of tho Olancarty stamp, who iinagino that mnr- riago is a very good thing for tho common people, but that its restraints can be rendily sot aside when tiioy come between the wind and tho nobility of aristocrats liko themselves. Lady Dunlo has scored bust of all tho parties to tho suit, for if her reputation was somewhat besmirohod ns regards her connection with Weston, it has boon very much re habilitated as regards her relations with AVcrthcimcr. No doubt Lndy Dunlo's intercourse with tho InLter was liable to misconstruction, and indeed justified tho gravest suspicions. In tho caso of a conventional woman, conduct such ns hers with AVcrtheimor would have been proof positivo of guilt, but in Bohemian circles such ns tlidso in which Lady Dnhlo lias her being, extraordinary levity of behavior is often compatible with tho absonce of octiinlcriminality. On this view of the case, Sir James Hnnncn, who is a man of senso nnd of tho world, insisted with peculiar force, and no doubt this portion of his summing up had greatinllnenoo with tho jury. Sir Charlos Russell's spcccli on bchnlf of tho petitionor was only a moderately successful effort. It certainly compared unfavorably with the haranguo of ills junior in tho Parnoll caso, Mr. Lockwood, who appoarod for Lady Dunlo. Tho callous and summary conduct of Lord Clan carty throughout tho proceedings brought popu lar sympathy to Lady Dunlo's side, nnd all sec tions of tho press liavo bcon unanimous in com- monding the verdict and condemning tho peti tion and its promoters. A good inany people aro delighted to find that, contrary to what is believed in Bomo quarters, tho Lewis-Russell combination is not quito omnipotent , in tho courts of this country. No doubt Mr. Lewis had a very bad quarter of 1111 hour after tho trial with Lord Olanoarty, whom I10 seems to have lured to his doors by tho confidence which ho expressed in tho insur mountable olinractor of ,lho ovidonco whioh his detectives had got up against Lady Dunlo. In any oaso, tho lattor will bo heavily mulot in costs, but, no doubt, Mr. Wcrthcimcr will bo quito ready to como to her rescuo, and tho pro ceedings havo so onormously enhanced her popularity, that whoro sho could corn £100 last week, sko could probably mako £1000 now on the musio hail stage. In this rush of prosperity her " sister Flo" seems to liavo reaped lior full share, receiving a tremendous reception at tho Trocadcro tho night after tho verdict, especially when sho ap peared 111 a song of which tiio singularly appo site refrain was, " He's lost it." On tho wholo Lady Dunlo hears her triumph meekly, and, liko agoncrous victor, manifests a forgiving spirit towards thoso who sought to work her ill. To a pushing intorviowor who had the temority to ask her what verdict sho had anticipated, Lady Dunlo indignantly replied, "Tho verdict that was given, simply becauso I know I was inno cent of tho liorriblo charge that had been trumped up against ran." Sir James Hanncn, Lady Dunlo familiarly described to tho snmo gentleman ns "a dear old chap," adding coiidoscendingly, "I really feel and mean that." With her counsel, Mr. Lockwood, sho expressed herself delighted ; whilst ns to Mr. Werthcimor's advocate, Mr. Gill, she oould only describe him ns "a brick." Slio lmd nothing unkind to say even of Sir Charles Russell, adding tho Cliristian-liko sentiment, " I -felt really sorry for bim when he walked out of court and did not return to hoar tho vordiot." Tho West Australian Constitution Bill re ceived tho ltoynl assent on Friday last, rather an ill omoncd day for tho start of this now experiment in constitutional Government. Sir Willinm Robinson lias made up his mind to leave England on tho 12th of Soptombor, nnd will signalise his arrival by tho prompt issue of tho formal proclamation of the ciiangcd state of nirairs. Tho writs for tlio election of tho first Legislutivo Assombly will then bo got out, nnd whilst tlio contests aro proceeding it is his Excellency's intention to pay a short visit to Adolnido and Melbourne. On ills return Sir William will tako stops for tho selection of tho members of tho Upper Houso, tho mombars being chosen from tlio more prominent of tho candi dates who bavo bad tlio misfortuno to bo rejected at tlio ballot box, and from tho most distinguished of tho gentlemen whoso amour jiroprc would ho upsot if thoy wore to bo exposed to tlio vulgar ordeal of a oontcstod election. Sir William will tlion liavo to nominate the first President of tho Legislative Council, and to look nbout him for tho host man to form the first Administration under respon sible government. At present Mr. Parker seems likely to mako the running for tho lattor post, but possibly somcono clso may be thrust up in tlio chanoes and changes of the elections. As, howsver, Mr. Porker has played a prominent part in scouring tlio concession of responsible government common gratitude should ensure his being a leading figure under it. It is an ill wind that blows nobody any good, nnd the premature doath of Sir Riohard Wal lace's only son, followed by that of his father InBt woek, seems likely to rcsusoitnto tho for tunes of tlio Hertford family in a mannor which appeared little likely a few years ago. Tho last Marquis of Hertford but ono left personal property wortli millions, ono of tlio finest estates in Ireland, and thousands of broad acres in England to his natural brother, tho lato Sir Richard Wallace, thus depriv ing his legitimate but distant kinsman, tlio Into marquis, of oil but tho bare title, and tlio comparatively small rent roll derived from tho striotly entailed estates of tlio Seymour fnmily. Much litigation ensuod bo- twoen tho legitimate and tho illegitimate heir, tlio lattor boing very muoli tho wealthier of tho two, and coming off mucli the best in tlie strug gle. If his son bad lived, probably I10 would have inherited tho wholo of Sir Richard's landed property and incalculably valuable art treasures. It is now, however, rumored that Sir Richard's will effectuates a grand aot of restitution, and that he has left back to tho legal head of tho fnmily a largo proportion of tho vast horitngo of which thu letter's father was deprived in such an extraordinary nnd ruth less manner. Tlio wholo business constitutes 0110 of tho most remarkable romances whioh tho history of tlio peorngo has over produced. Tho papers in their comments on tlio involved rela tionships of tho Hortford family have made nu extraordinary jumble of tlio wholo pedigree. 'I hoy mako the fourth marquis out to have boen tho original of thoso two famous figures in literature — Thaekorny'a Lord Stoyno and Lord Bcaconsfiold's Lord Monmouth, whereas the rcni Simoa Pure was tlio third Marquis. They also dcscribo Sir lliclinrd Wullaco ns tho son of tlio fourth poor, instead of, ns lie was, his half brother. Thotliirdmnrquiswusmarriod in 1798 to Maria 1-agniani, the honor of whoso paternity was claimed by both thoso noted rouds of a bygono timo, tho Marquis of Quoonsborry and Georgo Selwyn ; tho former, on this supposi tion, leaving her £1,000,000 of money, whilst the latter bequeathed her the more modest, but still acceptable, sum of £20,000. After tho birth of an only bou, afterwards the fourth mnr- quis, tlio ill-nssortod pair separated. The mar chioness, whilst living apnrt from lior husband, had two aons, the oldest of whom was always known bb Lord Ilonry Soymour, tho youngor being tlio lato Sir Riohard Wallnco, though tho latter had as much, or, rather, ns littlo right to his putntivo father's family nnmo as tho former. Tlio fourth marquis waa deeply attached to his mother, and treated his illegitimate brothers in ff. truly fratornal mannor, leaving all tlio resi due of his proporty, wlion lio diod in 1870, to ti:., ". Richard Wallaoo, " to reward bim ns muoli as I can for all Ids oaro and attention to my dear mother and likowiao for his dovotion to inc." According to tho World account, "Lord Henry Seymour's equivocal position had caused great anxioty to IiIh elder brother, who wns unmarried, as it was well kuown that if Lard Hertford died before Lord Ilonry the right of thu latter to succeed to tho title and settled estates would ho disputed by AdmirnlSit QcorgcSeymour, thoncxt heir, who, by tho way, was tho grandfather of tho present Lord Hertford. Sir Gcorgo Soymour would novcr acknowledge Lord Henry as n member of tho family, and tlio uncompromising attitiulo lio asHimiod groatly exasperated his cousin, Lord Hertford. Tho result of tlicso squabbles was that when Lord Hertford died lio left nearly ovory aero and ovory picture which ho could alienate away from his snooessor, tlio lato marquis, who was tho son of Sir Gcorgo Seymour. The question of Lord Henry Sey mour's succession novor arose, as lie diod unmarried 11 cloven years before his elder brother, who, liowovcr, had provided for tho unpleasant contingonoy of a disputed succession by bequeathing tho wholo of his vast posses sions (oxcopt tlio settled ostatos in Suffolk and Warwickshire) to him by an exception ally voluminous will, whioh had boon very carefully drawn by somo of tho most eminent oounscl of tho day." Tho splondid windfnil to wliioli tho legitimate scion of tlio houso of Hertford now ncccdes adds another nnd romantio opisodo to a family history whioh for tlio past century lias been ono long record of romance and mystery. A good deal of surprise lias been created by tlio appolntmout of Lord Jarsey to tho Governor ship of Now South Wnlos, in succession to Lord Carrington. . Tlio choice is in many respects a good one, though tlio peoplo of New South Wales will probably not at first appreciate the rather stiff and formal manners whioh their now Govornor inhorits from liis grandfather, the lato Sir Robort Pool, especially aftor tho freeand cnBy stylo of manners to which thoy havo bocnacciistoincd inLord Carrington. Thecommon iden is that i Governor has vory littlo to do with liis own failure or success, his fortunes being made or marred by liis wife. If this bo so, it is a good omon for Lord Jersoy, tho Countess being not only mnoli more alilo intellectu ally than lier husband, but a much hotter speaker, and, wlint is vastly more' import ant in a Governor's Wife, a thorough socioty queon. According to the World the filling up of tlio appointment of Govornor of Now South Wales has given tlio Government somo trouble. Loid Carrington lmd spent, It is Baiil, £6000 a yonr beyond his offioial inoomo, and to find a successor who oould and would do tlio samo was no easy niattor. Lord Lothian hesitated for a long time, and at last decided not to go, lie being vory much dis- ploased that no highor offioo lias been offered him. Lbrd Balfour of Burleigh did not caro for it, and tlio only other porson talked of lmd not got a safe sent in the Houso of Commons." Lord Jorsey is, therefore, jn fortunato ohoico, for, though neither a very able man nor a vory good spcakor, lio is most painstaking and con- aoientious, and io rich. Lord Villiers, his oldest son, who is now 17, and is at Eton, is ono of tlio rising young mon of tlio day. He has shown \- grent ability and carriod off ovory prize at Eton, and is another of the romnrk- nblo descendants of Sir Robert I'eel, among whom tlio Speaker's sons aro equally conspicuous. According to tho same authority Lord Jersey is " rich, hospitable and pleasant, and Lady Jersey will make an ideal Governor's wife — only too ideal, porhaps. Lord Jorsey, it is well understood, has long been ambitious for a more activo sphere than tlmt afforded by tho Pny- mastor- Gcnoral's office, and the federation scheme offers great possibilities to an enterpris ing politician." The revolution in tlio Argontino is one of tho most extraordinary which lias over happened evon in that extraordinary part of tho xvorld. Tlmt after securing the support of at loast half tlio army, gaining ovor tho navy, rocolvlng tlio popular suffrage and oapturing the arsenal tho victorious party should suddenly aollapse undor tho flimsy plea of a failure of ammunition is a circumstance that calls for considerably more detailed explanation than has yot boon afforded. Tlio pity of the nffair is that aftor tiio loss of l000 lives, and the more or less serious wound ing of 5000 more of tlio inhabitants of Buenos Ayros, the old corrupt junta should still remain in power, whilst the lenders of tho revolution, nil men of superior iutogrlty, should ho relo- gatod into obscurity, not ns tho result of a defeat, but of a viotory. The pessimistic St. James's Qazcllc sCob in Australian inflation tho oxnet parallel of tho roeont finanoial jerriman- dering in tho Argentine. Thoy forgot, liow- ovor, tho difference in the rncc. Spanish blood needs very littlo warm ing up to bring it to explosion point, but the solid British baokbone upon whioh the Australian papulation is based would" have to go through a long Bpoll of paper currency and famine prices before thoy revenged themselves on economio laws by Cutting eaoh other's throats. Tho dismissed postmen are cutting a very sorry figure, and aftor threatening Mr. Raikes with martial law aro now crawling on hands and knees before him. It is a pity tlmt they shoi-ld tlms add fuol to the prido of this petty and priggish potentate, and hard as their plight doubtless is, a good deal of oontompt must mingle with tho compassion which their sad situation justly excites. Thoy now blatno Mr. M'Mnhon, of tho Poatmon's Union, for nil tho disasters whioh their own temerity and tho prudenoo or cownrdicc of their comrades brought on them. At a meeting held yesterday on tho Embankment, and subsequently adjourned to tho congenial precincts of one of Lookhart's coffeo rooms, they demanded the immediate dissolution of the union of which but a few wooks back thoy wero such ontliusiastio mem bers, nnd this on tlio ground that it afforded the only hope of propitiating the infuriated Mabdi of St. Martin's-lo-Grand, ond thus seouring thoir re-Instatemont. Tlio union authorities are quito willing to oommit the happy despatch, but -thoy desire to do so with a littlo more dignity than their panic-stricken . protbges seem to consider dosirablo. Mr. Honniker Hoaton oan at least proudly say that lie has not yet bowed the knee to tho post offioo Bank past night the post office ostimatos were undor disoussion in the Houso of Commons, nnd the momber for Canterbury at once grasped at the opportunity for a grand field day. Ho wanted to know when tho reduced postage to the oolonies was to bo brought into effcot, and, unshared by the gloomy glances which liavo annihilated tho lottor carriors, insistod on raking up what tho Postmaster- General considers tho defunct ghost of his oocan ponny postage Sehomo. Mr. Heaton was in his most nggrossivo mood, and ho " ven tured to assert that any oificor, however eminent, ontering tho post office at onoo beoamo as stubborn and obstinate as any offioial in tho country. Tlio moment Sir Rowland Hill entered the post office bo beoamo an offioial in every sonso of tho word — obstinate and obstruc tive." Mr. Raikes, in reply, endeavored in bis feeble way to bo very scathing, twit ting Ills opponent with going over familiar ground. Ho wished ho oould state when tho new postal rates to tho eolonios would begin ; but be wns certain tho time could not bo long deferred. Certain questions bad arisen with regard to dealing witli India, and tlio com mittee would understand that if two mails were travelling togotber in tho Bnmo ship, nnd form ing part of tho same post, it was in the highest degree dosirnblo to deal with tbom together. He hoped that an arrangemont with regard to India would be early oompletod, and when it was ho should bo glad to announce to tho House tho beginning of tho now rates. It was rather unfortunato that in this year in particu lar, when the oivilised world had boon colo- brating tho jubiloo of tho ponny post whioh was established by tho exortions of Sir Rowland Hill, tho bon. gentleman should have thought it ids duty to speak of that man as "an obstinate and obstructive official." He hopod that thoso who appreciated the merits of that des cription of Sir Rowland Hill would be able to discount the v&luo; of the hon. gontloman's statement with respoct to tbo Postmaster- GonernL It is to bo obscrvod that Mr. Raikes mado no allusion to Mr. Hcaton's genorous offer to pay hiB oxpenses if he would resign his seat for. Oombridgo University, and contest the vacancy with tho promising youth whom Mr. Honton is prepared to pit against him. It is a curious tiling that Mr. Heaton 011 ids sido has novcr stated if it is his intention to pay the youth's oxpenses as well as the Postmaster-General's. The question may not be of muoh importance to Mr. Hoaton, but it might be a very serious ono for tho youth. Viotoria need not mourn very muoh over tbo non-representation of hor mineral produots at tiio Sydenham Glasshouse. The affair is a woful failure, or would bo but for tlio lavish display mado by Now South Wales, incorporat ing ns it docs tlio truly tnnguificont Broken Ilill trophy. Nothing like the latter hns been seen since tho wondrous golden areli which spanned tiio portals of tlio Victorian eolirt at tho Colonial and Indian Exhibition of 1886. New South Wales lias hail to wait loug for her revenge, but she lias certainly got it at -last. South Aus tralia makes a very good show in a more modest way, hut tlio Tasiiianiuii nnd West Austra lian courts present only very modcrato . attrac tions. England is conspicuous by tlio abscnoo of anything in tlio sliapo of representative exhibits, and foreign countries nre practically noa est. Tho only redeeming feature is tho zeal with which tiio various ofiioials, who have come hero on what lias proved a somewhat bootless errand, are setting to work to make tho best of tlio situation, and to sco that tlio colonics which they rcpresont shall got somothing substantial in return ior the expenditure into which they wore unwittingly led. Through their oxertions, It is probable that n considerable spurt will bo given to English interest in colonial mining. 