-LA^OSCA. , Scarpia stretched out Ms hand and Caught the bell rope. -_ v ?' As you please,' he said. * Under these pircumstances I sliall be compelled to order the execution at once — at once, do you 'Understand ?' These words -were like an electric shock to Floria j in an. instant the' lethargy ?which had enveloped her was dissipated. ' Stop !' she cried feverishly. Scarpia paused, his face turned toward her, his heavy sensual lips parted, his hot 'breath almost fanning her face. * Your pleasure, madame.' ' You will save hiin ?' ' On one condition, yes.' * You will swear it P* ' I will .swear it.' * There is a crucifix there on the wall. Place your hand upon it and repeat the Conditions.' Scarpia did as requested. As he finished, for an instant she stood perfectly still. Then, throwing out her hands with a gesture of hopeless horror and despair, she cried, in a wild, broken Voice from, which all the music had fled : * So be it then ! I accept your terms ! Dormant, donnant I My honor for his life !' Scarpia drew a long breath and. his eyes gleamed like those of a satyr. His brutal nature had conquered ; the prize was his. * It is wise,' he said, approaching her, rlf you wish Cavaradossi to live. It is always well to accept the inevitable.' With a gesture of unutterable loathing she waved him back. 1 ISTo, it is not well,' she said, in low, dis tinct tones, more to herself than to him. c It is infamous, I know it. But that is an affair between heaven and myself. Let me save the man I love first. I will account later with God !' Scarpia paused, irresolute. ^ ' Give your orders,' she continued. ' I ?wish to hear them myself and know that you. do not betray me.' He bowed, with a mixture of submission and gallantry, which was an insult in itself, and rang the bell. In a few moments^ during which no word was spoken, Zaccone entered the room. 'The regent seated him self at his^desk. * Zaccone,' he said, slowly, fixing his eyes ttpon the face of his subordinate with a glance full of meaning. ' Pay strict attention to the orders I am about to give you, and see that they are faithfully and exactly carried out. At sunrise you will lead the prisoner, Mario Cavaradossi, to the parapet of the castle. Select a picked body of men, men you can trust. Attend to the guns yourself and see that they are loaded with a charge of powder only. Instruct the prisoner to fall as dead. Then withdraw your men and leave the prisoner tq his own devices. Do you under stand, Zaccone ?' The agent looked a little puzzled and Bought to read his chief's meaning in his face. * I think so, your excellency,' he replied with some slight hesitation. ' Do exactly as you did in the case of Palmieri,' said Scarpia, slowly and dis tinctly. Zaccone' s face cleared. - ' - ' 1 understand, your excellency.' ' If any mistake is made, your life will pay the forfeit.' 'Your orders shall be fulfilled to the letter, your excellency.' * See to it that they are. Are you satis fied, madame ?' turning to La Tosea, who had remained motionless listening intently to each word. She gave a gesture of assent. ' You can go, Zaccone,' he continued, * and see that tinder no pretence ana I again disturbed to-night.' As the man left the room, Scarpia turned to his desk and hastily filled out and signed two blanks. Floria watched him, her back to the table. As the Baron finished he rose and faced her. Instinctively she re coiled and her hand came into contact -with some sharp, cold surface. Her heart gave a great throb ; hardly conscious of what she did, she grasped, the handle of the ifcnife and, letting her hand fall to her side, held it concealed in the folds of her dress. -, The Baron approached -holding the papers in his hand. * Here is an order which will admit you to the prisoner,' he said ; * and here a pass port for two, which will enable you to leave the city.' He placed the papers upon the table. She watched his' every movement 'with a hunted look in her eyes liVe that of a young tigress driven to bay. . .Her face gleamed ghost-like in the candle-light, but beautiful to a degree that .seemed almost unearthly — the Nemesis of Phidias warmed into life. The Bs.on was close beside her. He laid Ids Hand upon hers which rested upon the table j it was as cold as a serpent's skin, and yet as it touched her flesh, she felt as if a red hot iron had branded her. With the look of a. mad woman .she re eoiled. With swift agility she drew the knife from its concealment. For one in Btant the bright steel flashed in the waver ing light, and the next, before the scoundrel beside her could divine her intent, it was buried in his breast. * With a muffled cry he staggered back and fell upon the sofa, his head hanging over tiie arm. She sprang toward him, and 'bending over till her mouth nearly touched Jiis ear, she hissed: *B.egaid ine well, demon, and see me ? Jtevel in your agony. Die, beast and rep : -ale i Die, coward, Toy the hand of & -'? 'vomaxLl Miserable clog, fit only *° ^e stoned to death. Die, devil 1 Die, Judas ? Me! Die!' He raised himself, and with, one last convulsive effort, thrust her back and 'staggered toward the door,; but with a fierce exclamation she sprang before him, And with uplifted weapon barred his. passage. He threw up both hand a, and uttering a loud- cry, fell prone at her feet, white, Bilent— dead. She laughed aloud j a chuckling, mirth less, horrible laugh. Then suddenly her . 'wiidle face changea/fe&r; frenzy was chilled „ into an awful calmness, her arm dropped to her side, the knife falling with a xing ' ? ing sound upon the** Moor. She looked ., jabout her in a dazed, 'J&gue; way» until . , enddenly her gaze became fixed upon Ja thin red stream that -was gradually tric kling toward her. 3j± terrible fascination she watched it as it came closer and closer until it touched the hem of her gown,: Then she started back, clutched the papers? upon the table and thTust them into her ' bospm. __ Once .more, .despite herself, and .as if drawn by a magnet, her eyes sought the motionless form upon the floor. A strange quiver passed over her face. With a long shuddering sigh she seized the lighted candles and placed them, one at 'hi« head and one at his feet 9 in a sort of religious insanity, murmuring incoherent words, she groped along the wall until she found the crucifix; detaching it with nervous, trembling fingers, she laid it reverently upon his brfiast. ' I have done all I could for you,' she muttered. * May God and the Madonna forgive you, though I cannot !' Then, with a swift motion she gathered her draperies about her and fled, leaving the room in ghastly silence, deserted- save for its one grim inmate. It wanted an hour of dawn. In the guard-room of the castle of St. Angelo, upon a low wooden bench, sat Mario and a young man with a bright intelligent face, the Marquis de la Tremouille. The Mar- . qnis's family was one of the oldest and rich est in France, and one of the few which had managed to preserve its wealth during the trying times of the revolution. In a spirit of adventure, the yo^^g Marquis had accompanied Napoleon to Italy, and venturing too far beyond 'the lines had been captured by a squad of Melos' soldiers, conducted before the general, and sent to Rome to be held for ransom. Mario had known De la Tremouille when he was a student in David's atelier at Paris, and now, as fellow prisoners the two young men had renewed their acquaintance. De la Tremouille had done 'all he could to raise 'his com panion's spirits and had bribed the guard to , allow 'him to remain with his friend until the end, despite Mario's remonstrances that he might injure his own cause by thus exhibiting his sympathy for a man con demned to die, « Bah !' said De la Tremouille. ' They are too wise to harm me. Alive, I am worth a hundred thousand crowns, my ransom. Baron Scarpia will never throw away so large a sum, which he is sure of in the near future.' After Mario's interview with Scarpia, they both recognised that there was no longer any hope. For some time they had been sitting silent, each absorbed in his own melancholy thoughts. Suddenly Mario spoke. * Marquis,' he said, - the time is rapidly approaching when I must say good-bye to life. It must be nearly morn ing. We do not know each other well, if we count intimaey by time, but a few hours in the crisis of a man's life are sometimes more than years of ordinary intercourse. So, I do not hesitate to ask a favor of you.' * Deal with me as if I were your nearest friend,' replied De la Tremouille warmly ; * if there is anything I can do for you, rely implicitly upon its being accomplished,' ' Thank you,' said Mario, pressing his hand. * If you escape from this hell, as I have the firm hope you will, go to the Signora Floria Tosca and tell her what they have done with me.' * Upon my. honor, monsieur, I will do it.' * Gently, of course — you understand. And,' drawing a sealed packet from his breast, * give her this letter and ring. Tell her that my last thought was for her, my last prayer for her happiness.' Visibly affected, the ? Marquis replied, as he took the letter : * My dear fellow, you can count upon my^ fulfilling your request religiously.' At this moment one of the guards ap proached, and addressing the Marquis very respectfully, said : * Signor, the time is nearly up. Captain Zaccone may arrive at any moment, and I do not dare to allow you to remain here any longer.' ' Go,' said Mario, rising, ' and God bless you for your kindness.' The Marquis warmly pressed the hand extended to him, and with a suspicious moisture about the eyes, turned and fol lowed the guard. As they reached the passageway leading to the cells, the guard was about to enter first, but De la Tre mouille seized him by the shouldeT and thrusting Trim aside, said proudly : « Monsieur, when there was a -jourt in Fiance, the De la Tremouilles took pre cedence of all except the king. I have not come to Borne to follow such as you.' * Do as you like, Marquis,' replied the guard, impatiently 5 * only hurry.' With a sorrowful glance and a farewell wave of the hand to the prisoner, De la Tremouille disappeared in the passageway, leaving Mario alone to prepare himself to meet his fate. He buried his face in Ms hands and gave himself up to bitter reflection. In a short time he was~roTised by a hand laid upon his shoulder. He raised V-i« head. Zaccone stood before him. ' I am ready,' he said, rising to his feet. ' It still wants twenty minutes to sun rise,' rejoined the agent. -* I have, before leaiingyou to ? -' (TO BE COXTJQJ OJS1-« - ? '?? , 