GENERAL NEWS. Yesterday Mr. Sale proceeded to Tilgarn in the interests of the Methodisfe Church of this Colony. The only place at which rain was record ed to have fallen for the twenty-four hours previous to 9 o'clock this morning was Bun buiy at which 002 of an inch was register ed. A meeting of the Chamber of Manufac tures was held at the Mechanics' Institute yesterday evening, when the rules were passed. ' Under the heading of special steam notices, in our advertising columns, the Adelaide Steamship Company announce the Eob Eoy to leave Fremantle for Bun bury and Vasse, on the 3rd* proximo, at 10 a.m., at excursion rates for those desirous of visiting the Vasse Show, return ing to Premantle on the following Friday evening or Saturday morning. Some important reduced freight notices by the Adelaide Steamship Company appear in our advertising columns, one of which states that the freight on flour by the s.s. Flinders leaving Adelaide on the 29 bh instant has been fixed at 25s. and for general cargo at 30s. Last night, at a meeting of the Fremantle Liberal Association, a letter was read from Dr. Jameson, consenting to contest one of the Fremantle constituencies at the forth coming general election, and leaving the choice of the constituency to be contested to the Association. It was decided that Dr. Jameson should contest the North Freman tle electorate, for which Mr. W. S. Pearse is a candidate. An announcement to this effect appears in our advertising columns. On 'Change this morning Centrals were offered at 20s. without buyers. In Frasers a sale took place at 7/6, 6/ being offered for Frasers South (pro), with setters at 10s. For Exchange (pro) 1/1 was offered, with sellers at 1/6, 3d., being offered for con tributing with sellers at Is. For !Runbury Tin 6d. was offered, without sellers. For Stanley Brewery 8/3 was offered, with sel lers at 20s., .£26 10s. being offered for W.A. Bank, without.selleTs. Yesterday afternoon the opening and dedication of the Scot's Church Fremantle —a full discription of which we shall pub lish to-morrow — was celebrated by a special service. The opening service at 4 p.m., was well attended, all available seat ing accommodation being taken up. There was a large number of visitors from Perth, among those present being the Hon. J. Forrest, Mr. W. S Pearse, Mr. F. A. Moseley, Dr. Hope and the Eev. J. John ston. The service was conducted by the Eev. D. Shearer,|M.A., andjEev. E. Hanlin; and the former preached a sermon specially adapted to the occasion. Special hymns were rendered by the choir. Evening service was held at 7'30 The collec tions taken in aid of the building fund amounted to £23. The opening services will be continued next Sunday at 11 a.m., 3-15 p.m. and 7'30 p.m. A strike has occurred at the Jarrahdale Timber Mills, in consequence of the men, some 200 in number, asking for an increase in then: wages of Is. per day. At present they receivs 6s. per day of teu hours An offer of 6d. per day increase has been re fused. The Fremantle Football Club have a balance of .£10 3s. in band, after deducting a weekly allowance, from the accident fund, paid to one of the members, who was injured w hile playing in a match . We have been requested by Mr. E. K. Courthope to state that at this evening's meeting at the Town Hall, at which he will address the Perth electors, the gallery will be reserved for ladies. There was a, clean sheet at the Fremantle Police-court this morning. A correspondent signing himself ' West Perth' writes : — 'Canyoukindly inform me when Mr. W. Traylen is going to address the electors of West Perth. I hear he does not intend to give public utterance to his views; if so all I can say is that he will lose a considerable amount of support, for I know several of his own supporters— men who had pledged themselves to him,promise another candidate on the ground that they are not content with the utter balderdash, in this gentleman's manifesto. I have heard that it is that he does not care to pay for the Hall, or the advertisements conven ing the meeting ; if this be so he will not suit me. I want a liberal man — one who will spend his own money (and I have not seen Mr. Traylen do much in this time yet) as well as that of the country. And again, let me say if he intends to spend the coun try's money and will not venture his own he is not the man we want. At all events let us hear what he proposes to do ; we do not want the rubbish he has written in his private circulars about the past. Let him have the courage to meet the electors face to face, if he be not afraid that his past political career will come up like a ghost before him.' H.M.S. Penguin will leave Fremantle on Tuesday next en route to Hobart, where she will lay up for three months. After wards she will proceed to Sydney, and then survey the coast towards Port Darwin. A partial eclipse of the moon took place at about 9 15 last night, but it was only slightly visible here. Our Special Eeporterat Geraldton, wiring late this afternoon, states :— ' The Coralie Troupe proceed to Fremantle by the s.s., South Australian to night. The discovery of auriferous quartz at Yuin, 130 miles from Geraldton, is still causing much ex citement, and shares in the venture are moving rapidly. Mr. H. J. Saunders has been appointed broker for the company at Perth.' 'A Lover of Music' writes as follows: — I notice that the Fremantle Musical Associ ation and Fremantle Orchestral Society are rehearsing Handel's Messiah for Christmas. Now as the Perth Musical Union generally performs this great work at this festive period of the year, might I suggest that for once Fremantle and Perth combine, and thus give greater effect to the beauties of Handel's noble work than either society could do independently. Two or three joint practices would suffice, and the Mes siah could be given both at Perth and Fre mantle. The arrangement would no doubt be much appreeiated by Sir William Eobinson, and a chorus of between two or three hun dred with an orchestra of 30 or 40 perform ers would be most attractive to the public, and secure good audiences. Mr. M. F. A. Canning addressed a large gathering of East Perth electors at Weld Square last evening. He spoke at consider able length, and with his usual clearness, and was accorded a most respectful hearing. On Saturday evening Mr. Canning again addresses the electors at the Perth Town Hall. Mr. H. J. Saunders addressed the electors of the Canning District last night at the new Hall. The Chair was taken by Mr. Gibbs, and there was a large attendance of electors. Mr. Saunders made an excellent speech, in which he traversed the ground covered by his Perth address, aUa at his conclusion the motion that he was a fit and proper candidate was unanimously carried. Yesterday the Defence Commission arriv ed in Perth from Albany. The names of the Commission we have already given. They have fully examined King George's Sound and are satisfied that an inner line of defence should be at once constructed there. The Commission left Perth to- day in order to examine the site of the Freman tle fortifications. This evening they return to Perth and start for Albany again to morrow. It is notified |in to-day's Gazette that a holiday from December 10th prox. to Janu ary 15th, 1891, will be allowed on the Yil garn goldfields during which period the abour conditions of the Goldfield Eegu lations will not be enforced. 