% POSTAL li&&BMATmN.; IjETTEHB. Fob towndeliveiy.letters imisfbear a postage j o« Id forrery half-ounce. Toimletters mast be posted within the limits| of She city. br town, and be delivcredwitbmthe j cityortown in which posted Inland letters roust bear a postage of 3d. Mot every half-ounce. | Betteis for deliverywithin anyof theA iBBtea-1 Jia&colonies;, New Zealand, or Fiji, must bear] * postage of Sd. tie half-ounce. wanil letters. inadvertently ported, -either nateped or insufficiently stamped will 'be | forwarded to destination, but before delivery ] doable the amount of de&raeot; postage must be j Insufficiently and unpaid letters posted for transmiesion to any of the Australian colonies : Sew Zealand, ox Fiji will be forwarded, but charged with the deficiency and a single rate o£ postage as a fine. Xiett"!* on being redirected are charged the same amount of postage, in addition' to Hie | original postage, as would be payable if such: lftter were originally posted at the place of; redirection. ILettem posted in a private bag for delivery at; the nearest post-town must bear a postage of SSiyfcbe half-ounce. The town Tate Soes not apply to such letters 'Ua3men are not allowed to take money in payment of postage for road letters or pac Maflmen may receive and deliver letters at any place on a mail line before arriving at a post office, provided the letters are properly stamped-i.e , with a 2d. <«te per half-ounce -but they must obliterate the stamps before flelweTy. Letters If posted after the ordinary time for JcLosuig >he mails will, if notified, be forwarded if they bear a late fee. The late fee on a foreign letter is 6d. The late fee ib pud by affixing to the letter the required amount in stamps. letters posted loose oil board steamers, if for delivery within she colony, require only the ordinary postage--i.e., 2d. the half-ounce. Letters posted loose on hoard steamers, if for delivery beyond' the colony, must- bear a late fee beBide the regular postage in Queensland British and foreign letters, if not claimed witbin twelve months from the date of such publication, are returned unopened to the colony or country from whence they were received. Letters concerning goods sent said to be de livered therewith, are not required by the Pott Office Act to be posted, nor to bear post agestamps; but those rent by railway must lo avoid being taken for ordinary letters, have, besides the words " consignee's letter," the Dune and address of the sender legibly written printed on the face thereof. . Any euoh letters passing through the Post Office are charged Ordinaiy rates. Mailmen must not convey unstamped letters. Letters can be registered bv affixing a stamp of the value of.Id., in addition to the postage chargeable. Thejate fee on an inland or intercolonial letter is3d. Whenaletter is once polled it cannot be returned to the sender unics? unJjer warraat of the Governor. Jjetters for the UritedKingdonij via Torres Straits and Brindisi,via the Orient Line, or ' via Melbourne-Galle, most hear s, postage of 6d. the tudf- onnce. 'ljettersto be sent via Pan Francisco mnstbespecisllyrttarked/ior they will not be sent by tbat route. Xetters,if not claimed, are left at the post office to which they are directed for a period of one month. If not claimed at the expiration of to at tame, they are cent to the deadietter office and then advertised in the Q-overnmext Gazette. No valuable letter should ever be posted tuiless registered. Letters containing notes, coin, or coinB should always be roistered. Never write an address on a letter in a care less manner. Ko endorsement on letters for tbe United ^Kingdom is necessary- All letters are for warded by the first route, -unless via San Francisco. letters posted within the colony, if not claimed within one month from the date of audi publication, are returned to the writer. Intercolonial letters, if not claimed within three months from the date of ench publica tion ore returned unopened to the colony from which they were received. In addressing a letter give the street and jnnmber as well as this .{town or country for Modi intended. This saves much time and fs a sure preventive against errors of delivery. Letters posted for the United Jliiigdom specially marked tor a particular ironte, if ghosted too late for the mail by which they are intended to foe forwarded, will be sent by first mail afterwards, iraespectuie of being specially marked. Receipts are given for registered letters and every precaution taken for their sate delivery by entering tbem on the letter bOlB and obtair ing a receipt for them on delivery The Post Office/however, is not rraporsible for the loss of any letter, whether registered -or otherwise. Letters supposed to contain notes, cheques, cheques are registered, and the registration lee collectedondelivery. '/ T L#etten> containing articles liable toOustoms dutiespnsBing throngh any pGEt office in Queens laud are detained until cach Customs duties .repaid. ' ' Ko letter, whether .registered or .not, con-j gaining either goldor eilver money, jeweLsijr -irecions articles^, or any other article what ver^ liable to Customs dntiee, is alio wed tobe conveyed bypost, to any of the count riescom " ised within the Postal Union/and no' such tter will be received at any poet office. ^ Bank notes orcoin «hoold post. as remittances. It is much safer and cheaper in the long xnn to obtain a money js«^orii;P!!>^iMi)te.:::-: yf.i-'j:-'-. Every couptjtjg-honse and merchant's office chould be snpplied wft scales for weighing Insufficiently prepared orwhollyunpaid letters -will be forwiarded via Torres SUaite, he charged with the deficiency and a single rateasallne. ? Letters . containing gold may be Gent . by. post within Che colony ifbearing postage of 4d. the half-ounce. Unclaimed and -irregularly-posted lettere <{Kr^edinQjaeen8landJandwMcb.:fu'e returned through the dead-letter office to the writers orsendeathereof, are taxed with the usual town or country postage, as the case may .be, In addition to any fostagethafc "may 'have'been originally charged fchtreon, to be collected on letters posted, for the United Kingdom will be forwarded by the long «ea route, via Torres Straite, if bearing a postage of 4d the half-ounce. Blatter enclosed ina maled envelope, though the jcoroers may be cut or the ends notched, is subject toletter rates. Fobs Cabds, ^^pPOBt^cards,'.; with ~ stamp - affixed,? may. be j^tajned *t any post office for Ifl. eaeh. : Op one side most be the address only, of the wqjiniBnt. '.'iOslhs other side the communication, either fn print or writing, orboth, and the eignatore fit the sender. l£a& caxds -can only bB sent fnlhin lhej «^ony If post car^B sddreseed beyopi '1 the colony, they ace ohwged wjih IptUr rate ?An nnobdmcd pedal «ardis,notreturned to be «mter, e'ven titongh'his.-MddieKS " pon it, but is «cnt to the Dead LOUr 4pd «strioyed. 