A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. By W. C. P. Oijb modern civilisation has devised many novel methods whereby those who are matrimonially inclined may secure hus bands or wives; but we venture to say that, amongst those whom singular acci dents or matrimonial agencies havebrought together, it would be difficult to find any whose fate has been determined by a more remarkable conjunction of circumstances than described in the following narra tive. livery link in this singular chain was forged* by superstition, and yet, as things turned out, all ended happily. Many years ago there lived at the little English village of Bakewell, in Derbyshire, a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old man and his wife had one daughter, Annie, a bright-eyed, dark-haired girl of sixteen. She was good- looking, and though possessed of many feminine graces, she could almost do a masculine amount of work, and was tliereforea great support to her father and mother. She could manage farm work of most sorts, and when that was not to be bad, she would find something to employ lier in a neighbouring mine. Neces sarily she came into contact with a good many of the rougher sex, and, being a good-natured, willing girl, bad already made several conquests over their suscep tible hearts, but had never yet seen the one she would have liked to marry. In those days, superstition was at its height, and any difficulty that wanted solving tt.'is submitted to the power of spells for divination. Most of the ignorant implicitly believed in their efficacy, and practised them to a great extent. Annie was no exception, and, young though she was, she had a strong desire to know her future fate. Once she had even exhorted a priest who passed that way to solve the secret for her. but- lie warned her not to tempt the Virgin or pry into the unknown. Gipsies had toM her fortune, but it was never fulfilled. All manners of charms and incantations had she tried, yet without success; but for all this she did not despair, and placed as much trust in every succeeding trial as she had done in the first. On St. Thomas's Eve, she took the pre scribed but unpoetical large red onion, and stuck nine pins in it, according to the custom. This she did bv making a little circle of eight of them, and placing the ninth in the middle, naming it "true love." This she put under her pillow, and repeated the all-powerful verse:— " Good St. Thomas, do me right, Send me my true love to night, In his clothes and his array. Which lie weareth every day." That night, in happy dreams, she saw the young man who was to be her future hus band ; but the features were strange to her, though lie wore labouring clothes. Ever after, she looked intently at every fresh face, to discover a likeness to lier vision, but without success. When New Years Eve came round, she invited some of lier young friends to come and join in merry homely pastimes. All sorts of curious games they played, and the pleasant joke passed freely round in a manner that would put to shame many of the sham, cold, and uncomfortable reception. of the present day. As a conclusion to the evening's entertainment, Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled with what was called a cold posset, of lier own making. It was made of milk, ale, eggs, currants, and spice; and lastly, but not least, her mother's wedding-ring was thrown in. Then each guest took a ladleful out, and iii so doing attempted to catcli the ring, for whoever did so was certain to be mar ried before the next year was out. Whether Annie had prepared it with a charm or not, certain it is that she was the lucky one who fished up the ring; and loud were the con gratulations on all sides, for she was much beloved by her companions. These repeated predictions only increased her curiosity, and she lost no opportunity of further solving her destiny. On St. Valentine's Day, therefore, she peeped through the keyhole before opening the outer door, in the hope of seeing two or more persons, in which case she would have a sweetheart very soon. But better still,! she saw a cock and hen, which denoted, according to Derbyshire belief, that she would be married before the year was out. Everything seemed to concur in promising her married felicity that year, and yet, in quisitive girl, she did not know who was her sweetheart! She was sure it was no one she had ever seen before, for the face in her dream was totally different from any she could remember. Thus time Trent on, and she "was no 'wiser than ever. Midsummer Ere had arrived, and she determined to carry out a bolder project than any she had before attempted, to confirm her former dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, and the last one that had performed it live years before was a wild runaway whom they did not care to emulate. But Annie was a brave girl, and dared to attempt it for her own satisfaction. Here parents were not averse to it, but let her have her own way, fore seeing no harm; tliey placed great trust in the girl, and so feared nothing. The charm she intended to perform was this: to go to the churchyard at midnight, and when the clock struck twelve, to run a similar number of times round the church, repeating: £ " I sow liempseed—hempseed I sow, He that loves me best, Come after me and mow." The figure of the young woman's lover is then supposed to appear and follow ljer. As the time approached she felt rather nervous; but being a girl of good spirit, she braced herself up for the occasion, and at half-past eleven o'clock bade " Good-night" to her father and mother, with a cheerful heart.' Although superstitious, she was not afraid, and had often gone at night to strange 'jdaces where a man would have feared to venture near. But a churchyard at midnight is not a very congenial spot, though upon this night the moon shone brilliantly, and she could see the old church quite plainly in the distauce. Though fancying she saw figures flitting here and tliere as the moon was temporarily obscured by the white fleecy clouds, she went on un daunted till she reached the little porch, and the gate creaked open at her touch. Though she was alone, and almost wishing she liad not come, her curiosity and pride resolved her. She waited uneasily till the old bell clanked out its dismal sound—the ghostly signal of spirit revelry—and the wind rustled in the trees with an eerie sough. Round and round the old familiar graveyard she sped, peering into the dark shadows she was unable to penetrate, and trembling with excitement. Once she stopped and looked intently at the shadow of a tall shrub where she thought she saw some bodily form. Her imagination was so strong that she could make out the features she had seen in her dream ; but the moon gleaming forth at that moment, dispelled the illusion. Vexed with her disappoint ment, she again sped on, construing every shadow into a spectre. She had been round eleven times, and was despairing of suc cess, when in the moonlight she saw, this time quite plainly, the iigure of a young man whose face seemed to resemble that of her dream. lie wore ordinary working clothes, and was watching her in intense excitement. It was no ghost, but a real live human being. She stopped, breathless, while the young man, seemingly desperate, walked towards her. She did not recoil, but waited his approach. Nearer and nearer he came, and all his features ap peared familiar to her. At last lie touched her, and the fascinating spell was broken ; both were then perfectly certain of the other's bodily existence. His was an honest, franli face, and she trusted him instinctively. lie was delighted with Jier modest beauty; and a series of mutual ex planations followed; and after a little difficulty he fathomed the secret of the blushing girl. Both considered it a decree of fate that- they had thus met, and plighted their happy troth in the old churchyard, sealing it with a time- honoured kiss. His appearance, however, at the church was due to an entirely different cause, which he explained to Annie as he joyfully led her to her home. His name was Richard Random, and he lived at the little village of Sheldon, four miles off; but curiously enough had never before seen. Annie or she liim, though he had been to Bakewell several times before. He had been suffering acutely from the philosophy defying pain, toothache, for a long time, and had unsuccessfully tried many means to cure it. The last cure he had attempted was one peculiar to Derbyshire, the pain being supposed to be caused by a worm— an old belief mentioned by Shakespeare in Much Ado about Nothing. To extract it they have recourse to a curious method: a small quantity of dried and powdered herbs is placed in a cup, and a liot coal dropped on it; the sufferer then holds his or her open mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoke as long as it can be borne. Then the patient breathes hard into another cup full of water, when it is said the grub or worm can be seen in the water. This, how ever, Richard- had tried without success, and was at a loss what to do next, when a new arriv.il from Durham told him of another charm which was practised in that county. This lie was only too glad to try, to cure if possible the "love- pain," asthey called toothache in these parts. The horrid charm was this: The patient must go to the churchyard at midnight and bite a tooth from an old skull, and the pain would leave him for ever. We have seen how he came to the churchyard, and how doubtless his " love-pain " left, him, and by a much more agreeable process. He had seen the girl running round the church long liefore he reached it, and had wondered what it could be. Then he remembered the old Derby shire custom on Midsummer Eve, and deter mined to "lind out whether it was a spectre or not. The rest Anuie knew, and how agreeably both had been surprised; and when they arrived at her home, matters were explained to the entire satisfaction of all. It was such, coincidences as these, and sometimes perhaps preconcerted plans, that sustained the old belief in these customs and superstitions. Many of the village girls were now ambitious to try this sovereign sweetheart charm, and for some years after the churchyard at Bakeivell presented a lively " spectral" appearance on each Midsummer Eve. Annie's curiosity was now satisfied, and three months after her strange rencontre she was married to Richard Random at the aneient church she had so successfully circled. Loud and long were the acclamations of joy that were raised in the village, and the old bell clanked with a merrier tone than it had ever done before. All rejoiced that. Annie was happy, though many wreaths of flowers were hung on the doors of her unsuccessful lovers, according to Bakewell custom. It only remains to add that Annie became a dutiful wife, and took events as they came, without attempting to peer too far into the future; while Richard Random was never again troubled with the toothache or "love pain." 