UNDER THE SOUTBERN CIROSS. (Br Pano.) * Once more the festive season of Christmas draws nigh, and with its approach the rmemory harks back to many a merry time when the Spresence of loved ones (now, alas for us I gone to the spirit world) made sweet music with their cheerful voices, and gladdened our hearts with their glee; but, for the sake o those who are left-to usna, we are forbidden to let our mournfal reflections hold full sway. There fore it beohves me to do what little I can to snake this Christmas a glad time to as many ase'ssiible. Dear oldGharlee Dickens had this latter sentiment in his mind when he penned his "Christmas Carol," in which old Sorooge plays suehi a conspicuous part. Lot Dickens tell his own atory: Ohl Bathe was a tight-fiated handat the g.rindstone, 8creoge a sgqeezing, wreachin, grasping, scrAping, olutohiug, covetoas, old sinner Hardn sharp as lint, from which so? jteel tad .erasr struck out generousna lire; s?oret, anrd self-contained, and solitary as an yter. The cold within him rone his old features, nipped his pointed inoes, shrivelled I his cheek, stiffened his gait; made his eyes red, his thin lipblu; end spoke'out shrewdly \- inls grating voie e. A frostyrime wasonhis :head, caion hir eyebrowis, rad his wiry chin. i -He carried his own low temperature always about with him; he iced his office in the dog days; sad didn't thaw it one degree at Chriesmee. Externl heat and cold had little influence on oScrooge. No warmth could warm, no Swintry weathercouldchil, him. No wind that ..blew was butteerr than · he,. so falling anow was tore intent pon ats purpose, no pelting rain eess open to entreat . Foul weather didn't know where to have him. The heaviest rain, and snow. and hail, and sleet could boast of the S.dvantageoover him in o yoly one respec. They ft b sr "oume down" handsomely, and Scrooge .;2riverAd, , '']obofy •ever stopped him in the atreet to _say, with gladsomesoske, "My dear Scrooge, how are you! When willyoucome to see mnce " "'o beggars implored him to bestow a trifle, no children asked him what it was o'clock, no man or women ever, once in all his life, in quored the way to such and such a place, of Scrooge. ' Even the blind men's dogeappeared to know himb and, when they saw him com ing on, woulditug their owners ito door-ways and up courts; and then would wag their tails -as though they said, "No eye at all is better than an evil eye, dark master." On Christmas Eve old Scrooge sat in his dingy counting-house, keeping his eye on his alerk, Bob Cratchit, who was busy copying letters in an adjoiningoffice, which looked like a tank, so dark and dismal did it appear, when in walked Scrooge's nephew, and msid: "A merry Christmas, uncle. God save you !" cried, a cheerful voice. It was the voice of Scrooge's nephew,who came unpon him -o qulckly lhat this was the firt Intonation he had of his approach " Bah i" said Scrooge, "Humbu !" He bad ?o heated himself with rapid walking In the fog and frost, this nephew of Scrooge's, thathewasall in a glow; hisfacewas rnddy and handsome; his eyes sparkled, and h breath smoked again. "Christmas a humbug, uncle !" said Scrooge's nephew. "You don't mean that, I am sure?" "I do," said Scrooge. "MerryChristmas I What right have you to be merry ! What reason have you to be merry! You're poor Senough." "Come, then," returned the nephew aily, SWhat right have you to be dismal ? hat eason have you to be morose You're rich enougb." Sorooge, having no better answer ready on the spor of the moment, said " Bah i" again; and followed it up with "Humbug." "Don't be cross, uncle I" said the nephew. "' What else can I be," returned the uncle, " when I live in such a world of fools as this Merry Christmas ! Out upon merry Chriet mas I What's Christmas-time to you but a time for paying bills without money; a time for finding yourself a year older, but not an hour ricner; a time for balancing your books, and having every item in 'em through a dozen round months presented dead against you ? If I could work my will," said Scrooge indig nantly, "every idiot who goes aisut with ' Merry Christmas' on his lips, should be boiled with his own pudding, and buried with a stake of holly through his heart. He should !" "Uncle !" pleaded the neohew. "Nephew!" returned the uncle, sternly, " keep Christmas in your own way, and let me keep it in mige." "Keep it!" repeated Scrooge's nephew. " But you don't keep it." "Let me leave it alone, then," said Scrooge. " Much good neay it do you! Much good it has ever done you !" "There are many thirgs fronr which I might hare derived good, by which I have not pro fited, I dare say,' returned thie nephew; " Christmas among the rest But I am eure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it h?as come round-apart from tire veneration due to its sacred nanme asd origin, if anything belonging to it can bIe apart from that- as a good time ; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in thie long calendar of thie year, when men and u-omen seem by one consent to open their shut up ?learts freely, and to think of peoople below thiem as if they reoally were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys. And therefore, uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it tao done me good, and cill do me good; and I say, God bless it !" Skipping much of this interesting story, wlich most of us have read, we come to the dread time, on that same Christmas Eve, when the ghost of Scrooge's dead partner, old Mar. ley, visits Scrooge in his miseraible den, and warns him that, if he does not alter his grasp ing, selfish, pitiless mode of life, woe will befall him, and Ihow three other spirits should visit himn very soon. The story tells how they come. The first spirit takes him to the scenes of his childhood, from thence to the happy days of his young manhood, and on to his manhood's prime -just when the avarice of his soul is firat beginning to draw hard lines on his features--and then shows him a happy family circle, with the woman whom he once loved the wife of another and the loving mother of beautiful children, and whom he had lost by his neglect of every duty and plea sure in his greed for gold. Spirit number one was followed by spirit number two, who appeared as the ghost of Christmas present, and took hin to various scenes of festive mirth, where the joyful chimes of the Christmas bello and the good cheer made the eyes of young and old to sparkle with joy: then, by a sudden tran sition, he showed him two misnierable beings a boy and a girl-whose names were Ignorance and Want; "and written," says the spirit, "on that boy's brow is thy doom." The last of the spirits now came, and, taking Scrooge to'the haunts of misery, of vice, and of want, which had been promoted by the hard grinding ways of such as he, showed him his own grave, upon the stone of which stood out the name Ebenezer Scrooge. "Am I that man who lay upon the bed ." Scrooge cried, upon his knees. ." The (spirit's finger pointed from the grave to him, and beck again. "No spirit I Oh no, no I" The finger still was there "Spirit I" he cried, tightly clutching at its robe, "hear me I I am not the man I was. I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercones. Why show me this if I amn past all hopeo" For the first time the hand appeared to shake. "Good Spirit," he pursued, as down upon the ground he fell before it; "your nature in torcedes for me, and pities mne. Assure me that I yet may change these shadows you have shown me, by an altered life i" The kind hand trembled. " Iwill honour Christmsas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The spirits of all three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach. Oh, tell me I may sponge away the writing on this stone i" Dickens tells how his hero woke up on tihe glad Chlristmas morning a new man, deter mined to live a new life, and, hearing the Church bells ring out their glad Christmas chimes, running to the window, he opened it, and put outhis head. No fog, no mist; clear, bright, jovial, stir ring, cold; cold, piping for the blood to dance to; golden sunlight; heavenly sky; sweet fresh air; merry hell. Oh, glorious! Clori on I "What's today?" cried Scrooge, calling downward to a boy in Sunday clothes, who, perhaps hadloitered in to look about him. "En " returned the boy, with all his might and wonder. "What's to-day, my fine fellow " said Scrooge "To-day !" replied the boy. " Why, Ca?m?Tsars DAY." "!t's Christnas Day !" said Scrooge to himself. "I haven't msed it. The Spirits have done it all in one night. They can do anything they like. Of course they can. Of course they can. Hallo, my fine fellow I" ' Hallo " returned the boy "Do you know the poulterer's, in the next street but one, atthe corner?' Scroogein quired. "I should hope I did," replied the lad. "An intellignt bey !" said Scrooge. "A remarkable y l Do you know whether they've sold the prize turkey that was hang lng up thereo!-lot the little prize turkey: the big one 1" "' hat, the ones big as me ?" returned the boy. "m What a delightful boy !" said Scrooge. "It's a pleasure to talk with him. Yes, my buck i" "It's hanging there now," replied the boy. "Is it ?" saldSrosge. "Go and buy it " " Walk-o I" exclaimed the boy. "No, no," said Scrooge, "I am in earnest Go and buy it, and tell'em to bring it here, that I may give them the direction where to take it. Come back with the man, and I'1 ive you a shilling. Come back with him in than five minutea,and I'll give you half-a crown !" The boy was offlike a shot. .He must have had astoady hand at a trigger who could have got a shot off haf so fast. "[ I'.1 send it to Bob Cratchit's !" whispered Scrooge, rubbing li hands, and splitting with a laugh. '"He sha'n't know who sends it. It's twie the size of Tiny Tim. Joe Miller never made such a joke as sending it to Bob's will be !" The hand in which he wrote theaddress was not uateady one, but write it he did, somehow, and went down-stairs to open the street door, ready for the coming of the poulterer's man. As he stood there, waiting his arrival, the knocker caught his eye. " I shall love it, as long as I live !" cried Scrooge, patting it with his hand. "I scarcely ever looked at it before. What an honest ex pression it has in its face ! It's a wonderful knocker ! - Here s the turkey. Hallo I Whoop! How are you I Merry Christmias!" It sras a turkey! He never could have stood upon his legs, that bird. He would have snapped 'em short offin a minute, like sticks of aealing-war "~ Why, it's impossible to carry that to Camden Town," said Scrooge "You must have a cab," The chuckle with which he said this, and the chuckle with which he paid for the cab, and the chuckle with which he recompensed the boy, were only to be exceeded by the chuckle with which he sat down breathless in the hair chair again, and chuckled till he cried We are told in the story how Scrooge opened hia purse to the calls for mercy and charity; how he blessed everybody who camne near by his beneficence; and, finally, hi Dickene's own words He became as good a friend, as good a moaster, and as good a man as the good old city knew, or any other good old city, town, or horough, in the good old world Somne people laughed to see the alteration in him, but he let them laugh, and little heeded them; for he was wise enough to know that nothing ever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the outset; and, knowing that suoh as these would be blind any way, he though it quite as well that they should wrinkle up their eyes in grins, as have the malady in leas attractive forms. His orn Iheart laughed : and that was quite enough for him. 