A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," In its commercial sense, is a "free market." In other words, a "fair" means a market at whichall and ever may? purchase or not without Ibeing subje-ted to fee or tax, and also where all and every can ell with out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communicat?on which has resulted, these fairs have pretty, well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the chsnged condition of the national life. ; Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fastgo-a-besdeclonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for: slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do aes much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. Tar, however, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning cspacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people,by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nohility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as educ tionandahigherintelligencehare taught themhowto spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing Into existence, whose prmpse it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home fe. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are. conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight'to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past HMeesrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops durine the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sizh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temperand more contented spirit than ha' hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at ds. Cd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiitlessslovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is: impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceascless influx and out-flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. Ve do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establiahment of these fairs, took into ree honing the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an m creased popuhr contentment. There is another lessontolesar fromtheae fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or conspliested, are beyond the influence of methcd. ThI: rules by which this great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience-oand large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam enagme. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 2Oft. to Smith street, and that there is a depthto Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, fllI" with the costliest of -feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and'oth~r bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in- the fesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have M Bhakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they. havin done so do not experience a sensationas of one who has beheld anew revelation, all te can say is that they must be very blasi and played out. For such people there is but one resource-patent- medicines.-FAovT.1 