THE NEW INCUMBENT. OF ST PAUL'S. The institution of the Rev. W. B. Arm strong, M. A., late ofS. John's, Toorak, and successor to the Rev. Mr. Pritchard, to the cure of S. Paul's Church, took place on Friday evening last in S. Paul's Church before a good congregation. The shorteued form of prayer was used in the service, after which the Bishop de livered a short sermon appropriate to the occasion. The basis of his remarks were the verses of S. Mark, 3, 13th aud 14th — 14 And He goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto Him whom He would ; aud they came unto Him. Aud He ordaiued twelve, that they should be with Him, and that He might seud them forth to preach.' Those verses, the Bishop said, were con tained iu the second lesson of the day, and they were strikiugly applicable to the occasion. The night preceding the day on which Jesus had ordained the twelve was spent in prayer ; and if Jesus ChriBt did that, surely it was fitting that they should meet humbly together to seek God's bles sing on one who was about to commence a new chapter ^history— a new chapter I In his own history and a - ew one in theirs. A noticeable tbiug in cqnuection with the choosiug of the deciples was the great difference of character amongst the twelve aud to the present day^ it was also notice able how their Lord and master choose men of various gifts to carry on his work. Thus it was that none need ever feel dis couraged in the work of the ministry, because he had oot exactly the gifts that auother had, for Jesus Christ had given them the powers they had for His own purpose. Christ called the twelve to him that he might send them forth to preach, and that they should be with Him. Could they say in this 19th century and in this country that Jesus Christ called men to the ministry that they should be with Him, when he had gone bodily from this earth and out of sight ? Yes The pre sence of Jesus Christ with His ministers was just the same now as with the first apostles. He was with them to love them to strengthen them, to be a friend to them. The apostles were also 'sent forth to preach.' The literal mean ing of ' preach ' was ' herald.' Prea chers were ambassadors of God, and it was their duty to tell of Him and to lead souls to Christ, But npt only in their 1 public preaching was it the ministers' duty to lead souls to God, but in private life. Little by liLtle, line by line, precept by precept, they should endeavor to draw people to Christ. God's preachers had a distinct mission and commission. Let God's people pray for them diligently and ejn6tantly, not that they should be exaotly what they (their people) wished them to be. It was by prayer rather than by criticism that they woald be helped forward. 'And you, my brother,' the Bishop said, addressing Mr. Armstrong ' with these thoughts with you of Christ, whose herald you are,, and with Him for your subject, you have a grand commission a grand work. This I know you realise, and God will bles* you. May these' thoughts of Christ aid you in every diffi* culty, so that God may be glorified aud' that you in the great day will have crowns of rejoiciug in your greatest and highest The institution, performed by the Bis hop, then followed, after which theliceuBe of the newly appointed clergyman as min ister of tbe parish was read 4-y' Mr. Thos, Robertson, and tbe exhortation pronoun ced. tAt the conclusion of a short period 'devoted to silent supplication .for the Divine blessing to rest on the new incum* bent, the hymn ' Come Holy Ghost, our hearts inspire,' was sung, the benediction was pronounced. After the serviee : a conversazione, to wh-ch members of the congregation and frieuds were invited, was held in the Free masons' Hall, for the purpose of giving the Rev. Mr. Armstrong an opportunity of becoming acquainted with his people. Musical selection, vocal, and instrumental were rendered by Mrs. Monypenny, Miss Robson, Mrs. Cherry, Miss ,Mrtoarthur, and Mr. G. A. Sherwin. Coffee and light refreshments were served ronnd, and a pleasant evening was spent. At the couclusion of the musical programme, the now incumbent made a fetr remarks. He sincerely thanked tbe congregation for their kindness to him that evening, which he regarded as * charming way of running liimiuto debt— for hie felt already overeats ? in debt to tbem, aud asked for their time aud patieuce to permit bim 'to repay them. He hoped his acquaintance with those he had met with that night would ripen ioto friendship He came in ihe footsteps of Mr. Pritchard, whose new pariah he hoped that gentleman would find in as good order as that in which, he had left his own at Ha/. Mr, Armstrong trusted that the/ .w,puld, welcome him io the spirit which was necessniiy to exist betweeu a minister and his people, aud he hoped that eveniug was* sign that many workers would come forward if bd wanted them. He would not hesitate to ask for them .when he did want them. He need hardly remind them that he was not a stranger to Hay, not at all a strauger to Riverina, aud by no means a stranger to the Bishop. Iu con clusion he expressed a Bincere hope that he would be able to succeed in- his work. He would pray for his people and he hoped they would pray for him. 