THE SIN OF OMISSION. It isn't tho th!og you do, dear, It's ths thing you leave undone Which gives you a bit of heutacne At tho SBttine of the sun : \- 'ihe tender word forgotten, 'f be letter you did not write, Ihe flower you might have sent, dear, Are your haunting ghosts to-night. Tbo stone you might have lifted Out of the brother's way, The bit of hearthstone counsel You were hurried too much to say; The loting touch of the hand, dear, The gentle and winsome tone That you had no time or thought for, with troupes et-.o«i'd w your qth. Tbe little acts of kindness So easily out of mind, These chances to be angel* Which eren mortals find— They come hi night and silence. Bach child reproachful wraith, When hope is faint and fluking, And a blight has dropped onuiUi. For life is all too short, dear. And sorrow is all too great, To suffer on slow compassion Ihit tarries uatll too late. And It's not the thing you do, dear, It's the thine you lene undone Which gives you the bitter heartache AUhe eettinK of the aun. JUogft QMtnii princes, and prinoesles are lond of mnd0. Some are successful, and others are not, although the courtiers do not dare to tell the froth. The Queen has a lovely voice still, and hai a beautiful touch on the piano; the Prinoess Beatrice and Princess Louise have brilliant powers of execution and play everything at first : tight. Ths Prince of Wales plays the banjo furly well The Princess of Wales is a skilful pianist. The Duke of Coanaught amuses himself whh the flute. The Doled Edinburgh is a good violinist. The Czk of all the RuBsias plays a bandtome silver coraet.- Queen Marguerite of Italy makes herself happy at the piano. Prince Henry of Prussia is a composer end a performer on the violin and piano, The Ijautilnl Empress of Austria played splendidly* on tbe zither. The Empress of Japan is ? proficient on the 'koto,' the national instrument, jrhkh is a' kind of big zither. Queen Elizabeth of Boumania plays with equal skill on the harp and piano. King George of Greeoe can play all kinds of tunes on handbells and wine glasses of different shapes. He can also play the 'cymballum,' an instrument played only by the Tiseganes of Hungary. 