Novelist. The Mystery of the Inn; Or, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN. CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. By Anna Catharine Green Author of " The Leavenworth Case," ''Behind Closed Doors," etc. PART III. RETRIBUTION CHAPTER XVII. STRANGE GUESTS. September 29, 1791. Two excitements to-day. First, the appearance at my doors of the person of whose coming was advised by Mr. Tamworth. He came in his own car- riage, and is a meagre, hatchet-faced man, whose eye makes me restless, but has not succeeded in making me lose my self-possession. He stayed three hours, all of which he made me spend with him to the oak parlor, and when he had finished with me and got my signature to a long and complicated affidavit, I felt that I would rather sell the the house and flee the place than go through such another experience. Happily it is likely to be a long time before I shall be called upon to do so. A voyage to France and back is no light matter; and what with complications and delays, a year or more ia likely to elapse before the subject need be opened again in my hearing. I thank God for this. For not only shall I thus have the opportunity, of regaining my equanimity, which has been sorely shaken by these late events, but I shall have the chance of adding a little more money to my store, against.the time when scandal will be busy with this spot, and public re- probation ruin its excellent character and custom. The oak parlor I have shut and locked. It will not be soon entered again by me. The other excitement to which I re- ferred was the coming of two new guests from New York, elegant ladies, whose ap- pearance and manners quite overpowered me in the few minutes of conversation I held with them when they first entered my house. " Good gracious ! what is that ? I thought. I felt something brush my sleeve. Yet there is no one near me, and nothing astir an the room ! And why should such a sudden vision of the old oak parlor rise before my eyes ! And why, if I must see it, should it be the room as it looked to me on that night when the two Urquharts sat within it, and not the room as I saw it today! Positively I throw away the key of that room ; its very presence in my desk makes me the victim of visions. October 5" 1791. Why is it that we promise ourselves certain things, even swear that we will perform such and such acts, and yet never keep our promises or hold to our oaths ? Sixteen years ago I expressed a determination to refix the oak parlor and make it look more attractive to the eye; I never did it. A year since I declared in language as strong as I knew how to employ, not that I would refit the oak parlor, but that I would tear it from the house, even at the cost of demolishing the whole structure. And now, only a week since, I pro- mised myself, as my diary will testify, that I would throw away the key of this place, if only to rid myself of unpleasant reminders. But the key is still with me, and the room intact. I have neither the power nor the inclination to touch it. The ghost of the woman who perished there restrains me. Why? Because we are not done with that room. The end of its story is not yet. This I feel ; and I feel something further: I feel that it will be entered soon, and that the person who is to enter it is already in my house. I have spoken of two ladies — God knows with but little realisation of the fatal interest they would soon possess for me. They came without servants some four days ago, and saying they wished to remain for a short time in this beautiful spot, at once accepted the cheerful south room which I reserve for such guests as these. As they are very handsome and distinguished looking, I feel highly grati- fied at their patronage, and was setting down to a state of complacency over the prospect of a profitable week, when something, I cannot tell what, roused in me a spirit of suspicion, and I began to notice that the elder lady was of a very uneasy disposition, exhibiting a prone- ness to wander about the house and glide through its passages, especially those on the ground floor, which at first made me question her sanity, and then led me to wonder if through some means unknown to me she had not received a hint as to our secret chamber. I watch, but cannot yet make out. Meanwhile a description of these women may not come amiss. They are both beautiful, the younger especially. When I first saw them seated in my humble parlor, I thought them the wife and daughter of one of our great generals, they looked so. handsome and carried themselves so proudly. But I was presently undeceived, for the name they gave me was a foreign one, which my English tongue finds it very hard even yet to pronounce. It is written Letellier, with a simple Madame before it for the mother and Mademoiselle for the daughter, but how to speak it—well, that is a small matter. I do speak it, and they never smile, though the daughter's eye lights up at times with a spark of what I should call mirth, if her lips were not so grave and her brow so troubled. Yes, troubled is the word, though she is so young. I find it difficult to regard her in any other light than that of a child. Though she endeavors to appear indif- ferent and has a way of carrying herself that is almost noble, there is certainly grief in her eye and care on her brow. I see it when she is alone, or rather before she becomes aware of another's presence; I see it when she is with her mother ; but when strangers come in or she assembles with the rest of the household in the parlors or at the table then it vanishes and a sweet charm comes that reminds me— ' But this is folly, sheer folly. How could she look like Mrs. Urquhart ? Ima- gination carries me too far. Equal inno- cence and a like gentle temper have pro- duced a like result in sweetening the expression. That is all, and yet I remem- ber the one woman when I look at the other, and shudder; for the woman who calls this child daughter has her eye on the oak parlor, and may meditate evil— must, if she knows its secret and yet wishes to enter it. But my imagination is carrying me too far again. This woman, whatever her faults, loves her daughter, and where love is there cannot be danger. Yet I shudder. Madame Letellier merits the description of an abler pen than mine. I like her, and I hate her. I admire her, and I fear her. I obey her, and yet hold myself in readiness for rebellion, if only to prove to myself that I will be strong when the time comes ; that no influence, however exerted, or however hidden under win- ning smiles or quietly controlling glances, shall have power to move me from what I may consider my duty, or from the ex- ercise of such vigilance as my secret fears seem to demand. I hate her ; let me re- member that. And I distrust her. She is here for evil, and her eye is on the oak parlor. Though it is locked and the key hidden on my person, she will find means to possess herself of that key and open that door. How? We will see. Mean- time all this is not a description of Madame Letellier. She is finely formed; she is graceful; she is youthful. She dresses with a taste that must always make her conspicuous wherever she may be. You could not enter a room in which she was without seeing her, for her glance has a strange power that irresistibly draws your glance to it, though her eyes are lambent rather than brilliant, and if large, rarely opened to their full extent. Her complexion is dark; that is, in comparison with her daughter's, which is of a marble-like purity. But it has strange flushes in it, and at times seems almost of sparkle. Her hair is brown, and worn high, with a great comb in it, setting off the contour of her face, which is almost perfect. But it is in the expression of her mouth that her fascination lies. Without sweetness, except when it smiles upon her daughter, without mirth, without any expression speaking of goodwill or tenderness, there is yet a turn to the lips that moves the gaze peculiarly, making it dangerous to watch her long unless you are hardened by doubts, as I am. Her hands are exquisite, and her form is beauty itself. The daughter is statuesque ; not in the sense of coldness or immobility, but in the regularity of her features and the absence of any coloring in her cheeks. She is lovely, and there breathes through every trait a gentle soul that robs my ad- miration of all awe and makes my old and empty heart long to serve her. Her eyes are gray and her hair a reddish brown, with kinks and curls in it like— But, pshaw ! there comes that dream again ! Was Honora Urquhart's hair so very unique that a head of wavy brown hair should bring her up so startlingly to my mind. They are stopping here on their way to Albany —so the elder lady says. They came from New York. So they did, but if my intuitions are not greatly at fault, the place they started from was France. The fact that the marks and labels have all been effaced from their baggage is suspicious in itself. Can they be friends of the two miserable wretches who dis- honored my house with a ghastly crime? Is it from them that madame's know- ledge comes, if she has any knowledge ? The thought awakens my profoundest distrust. Would that Mr. Tamworth were within reach ! I think I will write him. But what could I write that would not look foolish on paper ? I had better wait a while till I see something, or hear something, more definite. CHAPTER XVIII. MRS. TRUAX TALKS. October 7, 1791. This morning I was exceedingly startled by one of my guests suddenly asking me before several of the others, if my inn had a ghost. "A ghost !" I cried, for the moment quite aghast. "Yes," was the reply ;" it has the look of a house which could boast of such a luxury. Don't you think so, Mr. West- gate?" This to a newcomer who had just been introduced. " Well," observed the latter, "as I have seen only this room, and as this room is anything but ghostlike at the pre- sent moment, I hardly consider myself competent to judge. "But the exterior! Surely you noticed the exterior. Such a rambling old struc- ture ; such a beetling top to it, as if it had settled down here to brood over a mysterious past. I never see it, especi- ally at twilight, that I don't wonder what lies so heavily upon its conscience. Is it a crime ? There would be nothing strange about it if it was. Such old houses rarely have a clean past." " It was nonchalantly said, but it sank deep into my heart. Not that I felt that he had any motive in saying it —I knew the young scapegrace too well —but that I was conscious from his first word of two eyes burning on my face, which robbed me of all self-possession, though I think I sat without movement, and only paled the slightest in the world. "A house that dates back to a time when the white men and the red fought every inch of territory on which it stands would be an anomaly if it did not have some drops of blood upon it," I ventured to say, as soon as I could command my emotions. " True," broke in a low, slow voice that of Madame Letellier. "Do you know of any especial tragedy that makes the house memorable." I turned and gave her a look before re- plying. "She was seated in the shadows of a remote corner, and had so withdrawn herself behind her daughter that I could see nothing of her face. But her hands were visible, and from the force with which she held them clasped in her lap I perceived that the subject we were dis- cussing possessed a greater interest for her than anyone else in the room." She has heard something of the tragedy con- nected with this house," was my in ward comment, as I prepared to answer her. "There is one," I began, and paused. Something of the instinct of the cat with the mouse had entered into me. I felt like playing with her suspense, cruel as it may seem. "'Oh, tell us !" broke in the daughter, a sudden flush of interest suffusing for a moment her white cheek. " That is, if it is not too horrible. I never liked hor- rible stories ; they frighten me. And as for a ghost—if I thought you kept such a creature about your house, I should leave it at once." " We have no ghosts," I answered, with a gravity that struck even myself unpleasantly, it was in such contrast to her mellow and playful tones. "Ghosts are commonplace. We countenance no thing commonplace here." "Good !" broke in a voice from the crowd of young men. "The house is above such follies. It must have some wonderful secret, then. What is it, Mrs. Truax ? Do you own a banshee? Have you a —" "Mamma, you hurt me !" The cry was involuntarily. Madame had caught her daughter by the hand and was probably unaware what passion she had put into her clasp. Mademoi- selle Letellier blushed again at the sound of her own voice, and prayed her mother's pardon with the most engaging of smiles. As , she did so, I caught a glimpse of that mother's face. It was white as death. "Decidedly, she knows more than she ought to," thought I. "And yet she wants to know more. Why ?" "The Happy-Go-Lucky Inn," I ob- served, as soon as the flutter caused by this incident had subsided, " is no more haunted by a banshee than by a ghost. But that is not saying it should not be. It is old enough ; it is respectable enough; it has traditions enough. I could tell you tales of its owners, and in- cidents connected with the coming and going of the innumerable guests who have frequented it both before and dur- ing the Revolution, that would keep you here till morning. But the one story I will tell you must suffice. We should lose our character of mystery if I told you all. Besides, how could I tell all ? Who could ever tell the complete story of such a house as this?" " Hear hear!" cried another young man. "Years ago —" I stopped again, wickedly stopped. " Madame, will you not come forward where it is lighter ?" She rose deliberately and came for- ward, tall, mute and commanding. She sat down in the light ; she looked me in the face ; she robbed me even of my doubts. I felt my heart turn over in my breast and wondered. " You do not proceed,' she murmured. "Pardon me," said I; and assuming a nonchalance I was far from feeling, I commenced again. I had played with her fears. I would play with them further. I would see how much she could bear. I resumed : " Years ago, when I was younger and had been mistress of this place but a short time, there entered these doors, one evening at nightfall, a young couple. Did you speak, madame ? Excuse me, it was your daughter, then? " " Yes," chimed the latter, coming for- ward and taking her stand by the mother, greatly to the delight of the gentlemen present, who asked for no- thing better than in opportunity to gaze upon her modest but exquisite face. "Yes, it was I. I am interested, that is all." I began to hate my role, but went on stolidly. "They were a handsome pair, and I felt an interest in them at once. But this interest immeasurably, heightened when the young.man, almost before the door had closed upon them, drew me apart and said: " ' Madam, we are an unhappy couple. We have been married just four hours.' Here I paused for breath, and to take a good look at madame. She was fixed as a stone, but her eyes were burning. Evidently she expected a the relation of a story which she knew. I would disappoint her. I would cause in her first a shock of relief,'" and then I would re-awaken her fears and probe her very soul. Slowly, and as if it were a matter of course, I proceeded to say: "It was a run-away match, and as the young husband remarked, a great disap- pointment to my wife's father, who is an English general and a great man. My wife loves me, and will never allow her- self to be torn from me; but she is not of age, and her father is a few minutes' ride behind us. Will you let us come in? We dare not risk the en- counter on the road ; he would shoot me down like a dog, and that would kill my young wife. If we see him here, he may take pity on our love, and—' " He needed to say no more. My own compassion had been excited, as much by her countenance as by his words, and I threw open the doors of this very room. "' Go in,! said I, 'I have a woman's heart, and cannot bear to see young people in distress. When the general comes—' " 'We shall hear him,' cried, the girl; 'he his half-a-dozen horsemen with him. We saw them when they were on the brow of the hill. "'Take comfort, then,' I cried, as I closed the door and went to see after the solitary horse which had brought them. "But before I could provide the meal with which I meant to strengthen them for the scene that must presently ensue, I heard the anticipated clattering of hoofs, and simultaneously with it, the unclosing of this door, and the cry of the young wife to her husband : " 'I cannot bear it. At his first words I should fall in a faint; and how could I resist him then ? No, let me fly; let me hide myself ; and when he comes in, swear that you are alone; that you brought no bride; that she left you at the altar —anything to baffle his rage and give us time.' "And the younig thing sprang out be- fore me, and lifting her hands, prayed with great, wide-open eyes that I would assist the lie, and swear to her father when he came in, that her husband had ridden up alone. " I was not as old then as I am now, I say, and I was very tender towards youthful lovers. Though I thought the scheme a wild one and totally impracti- cable, she so governed me by her looks and tones that I promised to do what she asked, saying, however, that if she hid herself she must do it well, for if she were found my reputation for reliability would be ruined. And standing there where you see that jog in the wall, she promised, and giving just one look of love to her companion, who stood white but firm on the threshold, she sped from our sight down the hall. " A moment later the general's foot was where hers had been, and the general's voice was filling the house, asking for his daughter. '" She is not here,' came from the young man, in firm and stern accents. 'You have been pleased to think she was with me all these miles, but you will not find her. You can search if you please. I have nothing to say against that. But it will be time wasted.' "'We will see about that. The girl is here, is she not?' the father asked, turn- ing to me. 'No,' was my firm reply; 'she is not.' " I do not know how I managed the lie, but I did. Something in the young man's aspect had nerved me. I began to think she would not be found, though I could see no good reason for this con- clusion. "'Scatter !' he now shouted to his fol- lowers. ' Search the house well. Do not leave a nook or cranny unpenetrated. I am not General B- - - for nothing." And turning to me, he added: 'You have brought this on yourself by a lie. I saw my daughter in this fellows arms as they passed over the ridge of the hill. She is here, and in half an hour will be in my hands.' " But the clock on the staircase struck not only the half- hour, but the hour, and yet, though every room and corridor, the cellar and the garret, were searched, no token was found of the young wife's pre- sence. Meanwhile the husband stood like a statue on the threshold, waiting with what seemed to me a strange certi- tude, for the return of the father and his fruitless search. "'Has she escaped from one of the windows ?' I asked, moving myself to a strange curiosity. "He looked at me, but made no answer. "'It is dark; it is late. If the general chooses to remain here to-night —' " 'He will not find her,' was the reply. "I was frightened —I know not why, but I was frightened. The young man had a supernatural air. I began to think of demon lovers, and was glad when the general finally appeared, storming and raving. '' 'It is a conspiracy !, was his cry. 'You are all in league to deceive me. Where is my daughter, Mrs. Truax ? I ask you because you have a character to lose.' "'It is impossible for me to tell you,' was my reply. 'If she was to be found in my house, you must have found her. As you have not, there is but one con- clusion to draw. She is not within these walls.' "'She is not outside of them. I set a watch in the beginning, at the four corners of the house. None of my men have seen so much as the flutter of her dress. She is here, I say, and I ask you to give her up.' "'This I am perfectly willing to do,' I rejoined, but I do not know where to find her. Let that but once be done, and I shall not stand in the way of your rights.' " 'Very well,' he. cried. 'I will not search further to - night ; but to- morrow— " A meaning gesture finished his sentence; he turned to the young man. 'As for you, you will remain here. Unpleasant as it may be for us both, we will keep each other's company till morning.. I do not insist upon conversa- tion.' " 'And without waiting for a reply, the sturdy old soldier took up his station in the doorway, by which action he not only shut the young man in, but gave himself a position of vantage from which he could survey the main hall and the most promi- nent passages. " 'The rest were under charge of his followers, whom he had stationed all through the house, just as if it were in a state of siege. One guarded the east door and another the west, and on each landing of the staircase a sentinel stood, silent but alert, like a pair of living statues. " I did not sleep that night ; the mys- tery of the whole affair would have kept me awake even if my indignation had let me rest. I sat in the kitchen with my girls, and when the morning came I joined the general again with offers of a breakfast. "But he would eat nothing till he had gone through the house again ; nor would he eat here at all." —(To be Continued.) 