How it Affects Ratepayers. A riiitTixti.-; question regarding thoValua- tion and Bating liillis, " From whom has tho demand for this change emanated?" No one who closely observed tho fierce bidding for popular support at the last general election, and who is still capable of remembering what then took place, can possibly have forgotten tho prominenco given then by candidates on both sides of politics to tho necessity for con tinuing endowments to local authorities. It wus a populur cry for tho ears of the masses. In the session of 1867 tho Griffith Government were desirous of reducing the amount of endow ment paid to municipalities. An Act was then passed providing for the con tinuance of the endowment for two years, but the amount in each year waB not to exceed £85,000 for municipalities. It wus apparently the intention of that party to reduce, if not to terminate, the endowment after tho year 1800\. There was some alarm in tho country. Many candidates were questioned on tho Bubject. Many of the replies wore favourable to the continuance of the endowment. Especially was this so in replies given by candidates who came oat as supporters of Sir Thomas M'llwraith. lifter Sir Thomas M'll wraith had secured in Parliament a largo majority tho same sentiment provailcd. During the two years of the administration of that party reduction of endowments to local authori ties was a subject tabooed by tbe responsi bilities of personal honour and of political pledges. Therefore, so far as tho public voice has over expressed a public opinion on this subject, it has been adverse to tho course now pursued. So far as the subject was evor dobatcd or considered it reached only to a diminution, not to a termination of endowments. Many candidates expressed themselves favour able to the continuance of £2 for £1 in divisions, hut if reduction becamo neces sary, it ihonld be gradual, so as not to causo cither financial or industrial embar rassment to local authorities or their em- ployeee. That was the state of public opinion when last the subject was publicly considered. Tho action re cently taken by tlio coalition Gov ernment is totally at variuneo with that opinion. "Without tho slightest regard to public sentiment, and in spite of expressed disapproval of such a courso, the Government bavo carried through tho Assembly a sorics of measures which in volve much moro serious consequences to the people of Queensland than the moro cessation of the annual endowment. First, let it he understood that tho provisions of the Amendment Act 1887 do not in clude any endowmont for municipalities after the present year. It has been plainly enough hinted that no endowment will he available to any ' class of local au thorities after tho reduced endowments on the current year's rates havo beon paid. In order to compensate for tbe loss of such a large proportion of their revenue it is proposed ,that local authorities shall be invested with enlarged rating powers. It is in this phase of their financial legislation that the Government is fleetly running, as if panic- stricken and ghost-haunted, far ahead of public opinion. This is a matter on which so much violence is being dono to public opinion and so much more direct burden is being laid on all ratepayers, that tho large class affected ought to have some opportunity of publicly expressing their views on the proposal. There is a great deal of private ad- verso comment amongst those persons who toko tho trouble to follow tfie pro ceedings of Parliament. The inequitable- ncss, the gross invidiousness, the ex ceptional injustice whioh this ill-con- sidered proposal comes are enough to arouse objection in reflectivo minds. It will' not supply the compensation required unless all its despotis power be put into operation. Even those who have advocated it have admitted that the powers of money-raising by rates are excessive, and would not be used by prudent men. But the incidence of the oppression will be so invidious as to partially defeat the object of compensation. By exempting improve ments from valuation for rating purposes, a procedure admirable in itself, uport from a measure which has peculiar and com plicated hearings, in most municipalities a small section of properties will bo relieved of a portion of the impost hitherto levied on them, and even at a doubled pr trebled rate they would not be worse off ; in some cases, perhaps, better off. But where the vtdue of the site exceeds the value of the buildings, the ratepayer will he much worse off, and the maximum rate will be necessary to compel owners of valuable sites to make up the loss suffered from the diminished income from other sorts of property. A property, for instance, the site of which is worth £10,000, and the buildings £5,000; if valued now for rating purposes at its full worth and at 8 per cent on its capital value to get its annual value, would be assessed at £1,200. The amount of rate at Is. in £1 would he £60. Under the new pro posal the ordinary annual rate at 3d. in £1 of capital value of the land would amount to £125, or an increase of 150 per cent on present rates. In all shires where lnnd is valued as country land, and in all divisions, no valuation is now made for improvements. So in such cases there will not beany set off to the increased rating power. In such an area the owner of a freehold now valued at £100, with 8 per cent annual valuation and a shilling rate, instead of paying 8s. a year as now, will have to pay £1 5s, a year. This will affect a large number of small owners, especially in suburban shires. In a division like Booroodabin, every ratepayer will be liable for 2d. in £1 ordinary and l id. in £1 special rates. The man with a freehold worth £200, valued ut 8 per cent, and rated at Is. in £1, now pays 10s. yearly ordinary rates ; under the new proposal he may have to pay £1 13s. <ld. ordinary rates, and £1 5s. special rates. So thatit is notonly thelarge owners who will he mulcted by the new legislation. All sneers at the opponents of this taxation, ull allegations that they ore actuated only by selfish motives, arc as insolentas they are ridiculous. The new rating powers are intended to reach every ratepayer in every division in tho coun try ; but while reaching them and fleecing them there will he a small class of rate payers in most municipalities who will be appreciably eased off. Why, in a mea sure intended to save the country from a financial crisis, should not every citizen, who is liable to ratal, be expected to pay his share ? But this excessive rating iB unnecessary. If wo have been going too fast let us slow down. If we -have been extravagantly providing roads for all future time let us resolve to put up with a little inconvenience, and leave some of the road-making responsibility to pos terity. 