<S-oncsjoHtieiKt. Wo <lo not iilfiitlty oumflvos with, nor li'M our- sol vim rospouHblo for, opinions expressed In this column. Cruelty to Horaon. to the editor of t1ie chronicle. Sin,— A couplo of inoidonta affecting horses occurring lately in Toowoomha itiduco mo to ask you to publish tho following oxtrants from a book written by Bir Arthur IIolpu " Aninmls and thoir Masters": — Milverlon: "Returning to thu trnatmunt of (masts ni uruugni. ami uurmm, i snmnuines uuiik that it wasa misfortune for tho world that tho home was ovor subjugated. Tha horse is the unintal that lias been tlio worst treated by man, and Ills sub jugation hasiiotbcoiiallogutheragiiin " Ellesmero : " I do not objoat to tho horse having been subjugated, hut what Irogrotis that he does not make a noise. Considering how hu is wronged, lio in tho most quiot and ttneom- plaining creature in tho world. Observe tho cab liorso quietly lifting up one of liis fore foot, just showing to tho observant bystamlor how full it is of pain (you seo I do observe animals sometimes) ; and thou think what a row any other animal would mako in a simitar condition, ami how noisily lio would remonstrate. His conduct and its results form a notable instance of tho folly of hoing silont about our griuvancce. Tho busy world pays attention only to thoso who loudly complain, and accords that attention in an oxnet proportion to thu loudness and persistency of thu complaint. If there had hcon a Rochefoucauld or an Ellesmero among tho horBcs (for doubtless liko all otlior animalH thoy huvu a way of com municating with mm anotlier), what judicious inuximnhumlglitliaYoinHtillediuto thorn " MilverUm : " I can hardly express to you how much 1 foul Uioro is to bo thought of ariuingfrom tho uso of llio word 'dtuub' us appliod to Animals. Dumb uuimnlHt What nn exhorta tion that Is to pity I It in n roimirlrablu thing that tbo word ' dumb ' should havo boon so largely applied to animals, for in reality thoro aro j vory fow animals actually dumb. But doubtless i iho word Is often usod to convoy, a largor idea j than that of dumbness— namely,' tho want of ; ixwer in animals to convoy l>y sound to man- j kind what they fool ; or perhaps I should rather ( say Uto want of powur in muu to understand thu ii meaning of thu various sounds uttered hy animals. But an regards thusu animals which urn mostly dumb, such as tho horso, which (ex- copt on raro occasions of oxtromo suffering) makes no sound at all, but only expresses pain iiy certain movements indicating it— how tender 1 wo ought to bo to them, nml how observant of thoso movements, considering their dumbuouH i It is a sad thing tu reflect upon, that tho animal which lias most to uiuluro from umn in tho ono whiuh has tlio least power of protesting by noiso ugainnt any of Ills evil treatment Ami now for thu incidents which have caused mo to romombor and to look up the foregoing quotations:— 1 hoard to-day that a liorso which some weeks ago was overtaken by a train and thrown off thu lino only a littlo way from tho railway Htation hero in Toowoomba was left 5 Hiigorlng in agony for soveral days. This fact r. was stated in cuurt, and was almost used as a ploa for mitigation of tho penalty to bo inflicted on tho owner for having allowed tho horse to stray. " Tho man had already boon punished 1 hu hud lost his horse 1 1 It had died a few dayu afterwards of tho injuries inflicted upon it ! i ! " Whilo still grieving over tlio insensibility to suffering revealed by Huclt an occurronco, I was told that ono of the liorsos used in driving the Corporation roller on yesterday afternoon hud its hind leg caught undor tho roller and crushed to pulp, and that tho horse teas then (ut II a.m. this 12th day of Juno) standing mi threo legs patlontly waiting to be put out of its misery, uiid oven as stated to rno by ono observer " nibbling tlio grass ut tlio roadside," tho pangs of hunger being added to its intulerublo torture. Can it bo possible? and do wo really boliuvo that such injuries to horses aro pntnloss because thoy oudtiru them silently ? Or is it that ns a rulo wo neither cam nor think ut all ubout it, and quietly puss the subject by ? \ In catling attention to this matter I havo not j tho least wihIi to impute blnino to any individual t ' in uithur instanco. I'robubly in both cases thu ro- i BjKnisiliility could bo subdivided to invisibility. I ouly should liko to feel sure that in future no ' IMirson among un could sao such au incident j without a shudder or hoar of such without ( horror, and that in time tho possibility of occur rences of this nature may bo entirely precluded. Yours, Ac., r' Humanity. i r.S., 1-ltu Juno.—iniH letter was UraitcU two j days ago, but press of otliur duties made it im- ,t possible for tho writer to transcribe it in timo for . to-day's Issue of your paper. That urgent ueccs- t eity exists for arousing public opinion upon this h question must be abundantly evident, and at tho t risk of being accused of "piling it on," I givo | you tho following quotation taken from your V local contemporary of this morning : — " Ranger 3 was one of thu twelvo starters in tho District ' I'luto ut tlio S.D.T.C. Mooting nt Warwick, and \ just before tlio fall of tho flag was kicked by Mr. 11\. Hunter's Magic about tho region of tho heart. >i Thoro was no timo boforo tho start to ascertain J tlio extent of Ranger's Injury, and ho was da- i spatchcd ott his journey, finishing fourth, about S half a length behind third horse. He wusimmo- 'g Uiatoly after. tho race shipped back to Too woomba, uud arrived hero about midnight, when ho was found to bo in groat agony. All that veterinary sciunco and tho best attention of tbfl owner and his frionds could do was unavailing, nml tho liorso aftor suffering acutely and fighting against death with all tho pluck that puro blooa is capablo of gavo up tho ghost about 5.80 yes terday afternoon." 