Miscellaneous. Last November 9 was tbe forty-eighth anniversary or the birth of the Prince of Wales ; and the following day tbe Duke of Fife, his son-in-law, completed his 40th year. At Sandringham 300 labourers and others were feasted in honour of the Prince's birthday, and 203 West End tradesmen, who are patronised by the Prince, dined together as usual. Tbe affection of the eyes which detains Princess Christian on the Continent is thought to be rather serious. The disease of the eye from which she suffers is said to be the same as attacked Geore-e III. The Crown Prince of Greece and his bride did not disappear for tbe orthodox honeymoon, but day by day mixed freely with the Royal guests in Athens. The Empress Frederick, mother of the bride, spends much of her time in the Acropolis sketching. There is again a rumour that the Duchess of Albany is desirous of contracting a second marriago with a German prince. The Queen is said to be strongly opposed to her sou's widow marrying again. The Duchess of Fife 'says the World) is thoroughly enjoying the emancipation of her new life, for she is to be seen walking about with her husband and looking in the shop- windows with as keen an interest as any country cousin. The jewelled collar presented by the Sultan to the Empress of Germany is said to be worth £45,000. The Emperor, telegraphing to Prince Bismarck as he was leaving Constantinople, said his stay was like a dream, which the magnificent hospitality of the Grand Seignior rendered paradisaical. The Emperor and Empress have arrived at Venice. The Czar will visit the Sultan in the spring. Queen Natalie has again triumphed. King Milan haB gone to Belgrade to sign a deed of arrangement with the Queen, and he will then definitely settle down in Paris. The Imperial family of China have a domestic diffi culty. The dowager Empress compelled her son the Emperor to marry her niece while he was bent on marrying a lady outside the Imperial clan. The marriage took place months ago, but the Emperor obsti nately refuses to see his consort. The news of Dr. Peter's death is discredited by the Germans. Some ivory sent from Africa by Mr. Stanley has reached Sheffield, and sold for £85 per cwt. Lord Charles Beresford had a serious fall while hunting, but was going on well. The mother of the Duke of Westminster has just entered upon her 93rd year. The Duke of Westminster has had some worn-out tenements on his Grosvenor-square estate demolished, improved workmen's dwellings taking their place. A portioa of the site has been laid out by the Duke as a public garden. Miss Durning Smith has spent £10,000 on the erection of a free library at Kennington cross. The memorial of the late Mr. Firth will take the form of a !vx»k fund, to be expended in distributing throughout the public, workmen's, and school board libraries books dealing with municipal and other suitable subjects. TheShah has ordered a globe, the various countries of which are represented by precious stones — France by sapphires, Russia by diamonds, England by rubies, while emeralds will figure as the various oceans and seas. Owing to tho mildness of the season, roses, prim roses, and other flowers were in bloom in the gardens around London in November. Apple-blossom was to be seen at South Norwood. Madame Patti has transformed the colour of her hair. To the surprise of her friends, she recently.ap peared as a blonde instead of a brunette. Fair tresses are now all the fashion. Mr. Edison is a member of a theosophical society in - New York. bir Edward-- Clarke, the Solicitor-General, has set an example which might well be followed by other public . men who find reports in newspapers that they deem slanderous. Instead of proceeding against the Star for ? printing a speech by Mr. Conybeare which reflected on Sir Edward's conduct when standing for Southampton, he challenged Mr. Conybeare to repudiate the slander or stand by it in a court of law. This resulted in an. expression of apology by Mr. Conybeare. A danger exists that seals will be exterminated. The U. S. agent in Behring Sea thinks the supply'there cannot last more than six years unless an end is put to illegal fishing, by which six seals are killed and left in the water for every carcase that is securcd. A Fair Rents' League has been started in East Lon don. It is declared that workmen ought to be able to obtain sanitary dwellings at Is. a week. Fifteen millions out of fifty millions goes to the ground land lords in London. The agricultural value of .Londoh was £l,per acre, any other value being created by the community. A Russian giantess has arrived in London. Although only 12 years of age, she stands nearly 7ft. in height and is still growing. A great clock has just been completed at Portsmouth which strikes on faeils weighing tons. The inscrip tion on one of the bells says that it was cast on the 70th anniversary of the Queen'B birthday. A magnificent lunar rainbow was witnessed at Black bum. Football matches wore played in that district by moonlight. ? Lord Coleridge fined 17 jurymen £10 each, tbey having failed to nnswer to their names.. One director and the executors of another have been declared by a Judge to be liable for the snm of £230,000 \- invested in connection with thei Sheffield and South . Yorkshire Building Society. Ou^ht milkmen to be permitted to ' yelp' their wares in the streets on Sunday morning to the disturbance of a congregation F The West London magistrate thinks that ' a man can calf out his milk so long as he does not do so with the deliberate puipose of annoying the wor shippers. The magistrate, however, declined to answer ihe query whether a man ought to be allowed to make aB much noise as he liked in the streets on Sunday mornings. For weeks a 'ghost' haunted the lonely spots around Ockbrook, Derbyshire, to the alarm of the in habitants. One nights the apparition, with a blue ' cloud ' about its head, was Eeen darting about among some tombstones. A villager and a policeman made bold to capture the ghost, which turned out to be a young woman living in the village. Four at a birth is reported from Llanellv — three girls and one boy. The latter and one girl died. A man at Cincinnati!, who has just died, successively married three sisters, and for his fourth wife married his mother-in-law. Each wife died leaving an infant. The last wife, was not only sister-in-law to her own daughter, but stepmother to her own grandchildren. A yonng man in Hungary, calling himself Count Vay, wooed and wedded a young lady. Some months after the marriage it transpired that the bridegroom was not a man at all, but a countess, who all her life had been brought up as a male. The. bride's father has caused tbe countess to be arrested. Her object in getting married was to possess herself of money owned by the bride., \- A laige owl-has taken up its quarters in the grounds of Guy's Hospital, and seemed quite at home in one of the lofty trees. At dusk the owl quits its perch in . search of prey, and several half-devoured sparrows and rats have been found lying about. A monster of the deep— a king cuttlefish— became stranded on the Irish coast. Its arms or tentacles were 30ft. long, so that it had a grasp of 70ft., sufficient to drag down a vessel or strangle a whale. A porter at Hexham station in the darkness encoun tered an animal which he took to be a large dog, which attempted to attack him. He partially disabled the animal with a pole, and then found that he had been dealing, not with a dog, but with a Russian bear which had escaped from a circus. A printer's boy in Paris selected for an old man a lottery ticket for the recent drawing of the Exhibition ' Bonds. The old man humourously remarked that if it ? took the big prize he would give tho -lad 10,000f. A few days after, the boy was injured in tbe machinery and disabled for life. The ticket gained tbo prize of half-a-million francs, and the boy securcd his 10,000. _ The Paris Exhibition is already in course of demoli tion. On the closing day the visitors numbered 400,000. It is estimated that visitors to Paris from the provinces and from a distance during the six months spent 60, 000,000 sterling. Some people made fortunes in connection with the Exhibition, one restaurateur clearing l,000,C00f. Mexico was ravaged for eight days by a blizzard. 20,000 sheep and hundreds ot head of cattle perished in the drifts. The stoppage of the Great Carnegie works near Pittsburg, U.S., to enable the men to attend the funeral of the deceascd superintcndent, who lost his life by an accident at the works, is said to have cost the company £10,000, owing to the chilling of the rolls, tbe banking up of the furnaces, and the cooling of the tremendous machinery. An Atlantic liner, tbe Queensmore, of Liverpool, laden with cotton and cattle, took fire while on her maiden voyage. The men worked at the pumps until they could not see one another for the smoke. There were 1000 live cattle on bGard, and as the deck became too hot for them, they were driven overboard to perish in the sea. The vessel ran on the rocks olf the Irish coast, the crew escaping. The ship .Garston, of Liverpool, was wrecked in the South Pacific. The men were in an open' boat for 10 days, their rations being a biscuit and two thimble fuls of water daily. For some time the wafer was alive with sharks, which snapped at tho oars. Making a sail of their shirts, they reached Humphrey Island . and were well treated by the natives. A British vessel arriving to annex tbe island, the men were taken off with the exception of one, who preferred to remain and cast in his lot with the islanders. A Kendal banker, who was the first to ride up at the death of the hare, while hunting, dropped dead from excitement. During the mayoral banquet at Welshpool Councillor Hurst suddenly expired. Although the streets were so densely thronged during the passage of the Lord Mayor's procession, only about 15 injuries, mostly trifling, had to be attended to at the hospitals. A little child fell into a pond near Plymouth. The mother ran to its assistance and, falling in, both parent and child were drowned. A man thinking a train had entered a Manchester station, went to step out and, falling over a lofty bridge, was dreadfully injured. At Wellington, as a mother and ber daughters were entering their house, a shot was fired, killing one daughter and wounding the mother and sister. The father stated that he was taking down a gun when it accidentally exploded. At Doxfon, two little children left in a room were burned to death in tho absence of their mother. At Chorley, a man died from the effects of sneezing after taking a pinch of snuff. A farmer's son, shockingly injured in a threshing machine, was carried to Preston Infirmary in a stale of collapse through loss of blood. As a la6t resource Dr. ' Oliver, house, surgeon, submitted to the transfusion of blood from his own body to that of the patient, but tbe operation prolonged life only a few hours. Mr. Blackmore, th% noveljst, who is a market gardener at -Teddington, prosecuted his head gardener for selling £5 worth of pears, and. a greengrocer 'wa3 chargcd with receiving the stolen fruit. A poaching. affray occurred near Llnnelly. A poacher . struck a gamekeeper such a violent blow on the bead with the butt-end of his gun that the weapon exploded, killing the poacher himself. The gamekeeper is not expected to recover. A domestic near Leamington reported that the bur glars had entered and carried off a quantity of valu ables in her mistress's absence. Suspicion falling on the girl herself she committed suicide. A man who haB been ruined by horscracing and com mitted suicide at Greenwich, left a statement for the coroner and samples of poison for the jury. Women play an important part in burglaries. 1 hey watch houses, their sex placing them above suspicion, and they dispose of the booty. Tbe police entered a house in Clerkenwell, and arristed three men and a woman who were found in possession of the proceeds of many burglaries committed in the London suburbs. A woman at Lambeth also stands charged with receiving and disposing of fhe proceeds of several burglaries. # Two boys who went to school at Bradford six weeka ago mysteriously disappeared, and na trace of them can be found. A boy having been murdered and mutilated in tbe same locality some months since, ihe latest disappearance has spread alarm. A band of brigands recently organised a plot fo' steal the Iudian mails during their passage through Italy. They stopped the train by hoisting a danger signal, but fled when they saw that the Government, getting wind of the plot, had filled some of the carriages with sol diers. . An attempt to steal -a kiss ended fatally in Bug* , Pesth. ? A confectioner's wife was cutting paper in a shop, when a young man attempted to kiss. her. Lift ing her hand in- eelf-defence the knife entered the \- young man's heart, causing instant death. Miss Dixcl, of Pittsburg, an heiress to £1,200,000, who recently entered a nunnery, having passed the pro bationary period without falteriug in her resolve lo renounce the pomps and vanities of the . world, has now taken the white veil of the nun. An eccentric lady who lived alone near Hyde Park was feund dead at the foot of the stairs, down which which she had fallen. The house was richly furnished, but in a state of filth. The deceased kept many rats, which she fed on luxuries, and when one died she had it buried in an expensive coffin. It is stated by Mr. Molloy, M.P., that the Irish party have Pigott's secret diary, and that its publica tion will put the sensation of the Commission far out of sight. Lady Butler, painter of 'The Roll Call,' is painting an Irish eviction scene for the next Academy. The railway from Inniskeen to Carrickmncross has been boycotted, on account of the company's refusing compensation to an evicted tenant. The Limerick landowners, have protested against .wholesale and complsory land purchase schemes as ruinous to the resident landlords who benefit the country. Viscountess Combe rmere has bequeathed £25,000 to die North Cork Infirmary. 