THE STORY-TELLER. DRAMAS OF LIFE. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. BY GEORGE R. SIMS, Author of "Tales of To-Day," "The Bayonet Ballads," " How the Poor Live." THAT WICKED GIRL. " That wicked K&V;' Mrs. Perkins oaUed her, and really, aooording to Mrs. Perkins, Maiy was desperately wickedand deceitful above all t.hinm. Maty didn't look wicked. If ever there was a wolf in 'sheep's clothing) always granting . that Mrs; Perkins was right, and that she was a wolf , it was Mary. Mrs. Perkins was the proprietorees of that commodious and (genteel-looking double fronted house which stands in the best position of the Marine Parade, Hastings, commands ah. excellent view Of the sea, and can be . thoroughly recommended for its oomfort and its cleanliness and moderate charges y Mary is the housemaid, parlour- maid, nursemaid, foot man, light porter and boots, all rolled into one, The only portion of the household duties of winch Mary has not a considerable share is the -cooking. Prospect Mansion—" Mansion" is quite giving the "House" and the " Villa" the go-by now-a-days—has a' reputation for being mnoh affectedbe the elitetof'seaside visitors. 'Mrs. Perkins is very -particular indeed about her ' lodgers, if I may apply so vulgar a term to the 1 good lady's visitors, which is the word she generally uses herself. She has had some wonderful people oooupying her rboms at ■ different times; and having a reputation of. taking " sombodiea" she is not going to give it ' awayhy. taking "anybodies." 1 Sua. Perkins' drawing-room floor was onoe occupied for a whole fortnight by a widow lady, whose brother was a lord, and a -relation of a member of the Government, and the day that the lord called upon the widow, iand when Mary—of course " the wicked gal" had a dirty apron on, and bad put the blacklead brash - wrong side up across her face when wiping a bottle fly from her brow with the back of her hand—when Mary, with dirty apron and blackleaded face, said, "what name, please, sirand the gentleman replied, " Lord St. Jones." Mrs. Perkins, who was coming up stairs with her apron full of cauliflowers to show the lady in the dining-room, dropped the lot in her confusion mingled with pride, and tearing her apron off, rashed to the door and exclaimed with a profusion of apologies, "'This way, my lord, allow me to show your j vtu9all<l\ " a I lordship." His lordship was a short, thin little man in baggy black-trousers, and a tall hat that had turned brows with exposure to the weather, and he snorted and grunted a good deal while getting up the stairs and said " when he nearly broke his leg by falling over a dustpan with the broom and the dust in it, wnioh "that wicked gal"—just as if she'd done it on purpose, my dear—had left on the top stair, but he was a lord, and the old lady whom he had come to see was his sister, ana a lord's, sister was in Mrs. Perkins's drawing-room, which was an honour and a never-to-be-forgotten glory to Prospect Man sion, and all that appertained thereto. The lord's sister, was the only approach to "the titled aristocracy" who had honoured Prospect Mansion with their patronage, but there were many "good families," inoluding one stout lady with a very red faoe, who brought her own carriage with her—a yellow chariot, with red wheels, which was the envy of all the other householders in the terrace. Mrs. Perkins never failed to feast her eyes upon that yellow chariot when it stood at her door. It showed the quality of the visitors who selected Prospect Mansion for their tem porary abode. It was true that the horse was rather tin, and stood with his front legs at such an angle that his front feet very nearly touched his hind feet, but that didn't take the yellow from the chariot, or the red from the wheels." Mrs. Perkins had also among her regular clients many clerical families, and there is always something intensely respectable about the female relatives of the clergy. When clergymen's wives or widows take one floor in your house it really doesn't matter who has the other apartments.!A bishop's wife in the drawing room would neutralize' even a young foreign lady with golden hair who smoked, cigarettes in the dining-room. There was a Mr. Perkins at Prospect Man sion, but he didn't matter much. Nobody ever paid the slightest attention to him, except when he was in the way downstairs, whioh he generally was. Mr. Perkins was a melancholy thin man of about forty-five. He was supposed to be in delicate health, which prevented him following any business. His one occupation in life was obliterating himself in his own house, and keeping the child quiet. The child was a little girl of six, who was always with Mrs. Perkins when she was good, and always with Mr. Perkins when she was naughty, or when Mrs. Perkins had one of her bad headaches—a state of affairs by no means uncommon. Very humble, very Subdued, Mr. Perkins j endeavoured as far as possible to be invisible. B§ WM ftfrftid everybody in the house. Except Mary. Even Mr. Perkins, who allowed himself to be crushed by the cook, and would step aside to allow the boy who came in for an hour of a morning to do the boots to pass, plucked up spirit enough to agree that Mary was "a wicked gal. Mr. Perkins had in early life been in service It was popularly rumoured.that he had been a coachman, or an under gardener or something that necessitated a good deal of hat touching, for this was a habit he could not break himself of—he never met any of his wife's lodgers—or shall we say "visitors J"—when he was out, but up went his forefinger to the brim of his hat, and when he had no hat on, and he met them indoors, in the passage or on the stairs, which was not often, up went his finger to the one lock of hair that still lingered, a silent witness of what had been, on his bald and shiny brow. In addition to Mary and Mrs. Perkins and Mr. Perkins, and the little girl, the family contained an Irish cook of fiery temper and voluble utterance. " An excellent cook," said Mrs. Perkins, "an indefatigible worker— but really, at times, too violent in her language to the tradespeople." Mrs. Perkins confessed that the butcher-boy was a fiend to stop and assist in eveiy'street fight of a morning, instead of bringing tbe meat in time, for the middle day meals Of her visitors, but it was most unfortunate that the bishop s lady should have had .her .window wide open just at the time, that .cook was informing ." the fiend" in the strongest words of her vocabulary that he was a murtherin' blackguard, and calling upon the saints to do him dire and boodthirsty mischief. It was in this delightful household that Mary Jones endeavoured conscientiously to do herduty. She was a mild, amiablegirl, whoafter living a life of lodging-house slaveydom from the age of twelve to the age of twenty- five, had come to the conclusion that what everybody said was right, and that she must be awfully stupid and awfully wicked. Like Topsey she .guessed that she was born so, for she tried her hardest to be good and to please, bat somehow or other the fates were against her. On the 17th of September, 1882, a day never to be forgotten in the life annals of Mary Jones, '•the wioked gal" had been ex ceptionally wioked—all day long the lower r^ionshad echoed with cries of "Mary, you wicked gal, you've been and upset the gravy ~ "" ' ' on the stair carpet," "Mary, you wicked gal* do you know that yon've left your duBtpan on 'the drawing-room sofa 1" "Mary, shore, its a saint from heaven that ye'd be aggravating and it's the misthress that ye're. murtherin withye're wicked ways, and she as Bhe 'is too." This was a delicate allusion on '(he' park of the Irish cook before missus ■ to missus's health, and the approaching advent of another little Perkins. Poor Mary had gone hot and cold, and trembled as her various delinquencies, were pointed ont to her. She had wept and sniffed, and declared more than once that ehe wonld go 'and "drbwnd" herself in the conveniently Situated sea; but for all that she had gone on with her work until she was, dead beat, and as she expressed it, "felt regularly sinking and ' all over alike." . 1 The evening wound np with a little dispute between Cook and Mary, in which Cook loudly expressed her astonishment that Mary wasn b afraid of being struck dead for telling lies ; and then, as was her " ioustom, Mrs. -. Perkins assembled her "husband and domestics for family prayer, and prayed a long prayer ab Mary with incidental minor prayers dropped in 'promiscuously' for Mr. Perkins, who had declined to go out and send the niggers; away because the little boys jeered him, a bourse of -conduct which had induced the nook to say that it would be a mercy if the expected little Perkins wasn't born black. ' Prayers over, Mrs. Perkins retired to rest, 'Mr. Perkins went out in the back yard for his evening pipe, cook locked up the larder, and ,'Maiy) having made 'everything ready.fpr the morning, toiled wearily up to her attic, and utterly worn out threw herself on the bed un dressed, and fell fast asleep. Cook slept in the basement, and Mary oooupied this little attic all by herself, so there was no one to call hern wioked girl for this dis How long Mary had been asleep she didn't know, but Bhe woke with a sudden start,' and sitting up on the bed, began to rub her eyes and wonder where she was. Somebody was knocking at the door. "Yee, exclaimed. Mary, jumping up. "what is it?" "Open the door," exclaimed cook's voice, "sure it's missus as is took bad;, and ye're to go for the doctor at once. Masther won't lave the misthress; she won't let him." Mary was fortunately dressed, and was downstairs and had her bonnet and shawl on in a hTnuta She thought master might have J, „ hour of the night, but she thought it would be wiciJ^ W so, bo off she Bped towards the dootor's.. The dootor's house was in darkness, felt very nervous about ringing him up, but she supposed doctors didn't mind, so she gave a gentle pull at the bell, which to her horror, clanged through the house. A window opened above and a head appeared, and a voioe belong ing to the head asked what was the matter. " Please, sir, will you coma to missus, she's took bad." "And who is your missus ?" "Mrs. Perkins, sir, No. ——, Marine Parade." [ " All right," " I'll be there directly." Bank went the window down, and Mary delighted to think that she hadn't made any mistake, or been abused for knocking a gentle man up in the middle of the night, came down off the doorsteps and made the best of her way towards home. When Bhe got there she put her hand in her pocket for the key which she had brought with her, and to her horror failed to find it. She turned everything out of her pocket again and again; she grew hot and cold. The key was gonel She must have dropped itsom-wfc re in the ! road. What should she do? Knock at the door and explain that she had lost the key. No, she daren't do that. It would upset the missus if she heard of it. Missus was awfully nervous of burglars, and at such a time as the present she musn't be upset. She must walk back the way Bhe had come,, and look for the key. There was no one about;. the chances were that she would find it. If she left it till the morning some one would find it, perhaps a bad character, and come and let himself in when nobody was about, and walk off with the great coats and the umbrellas, perhaps with the teapots and the knives and forks. So poor Mary, feeling more wicked than she had ever felt m her life, went back the way she had come, peering along the pavement, looking into the road, searching everywhere for the lost latchkey. On the way she met the doctor. He was walking rapidly. _ Mary sUpped aside, so that he should not notice her. He would get to the house first. They would wonder where she was. They would be sure to want her for ■ something. If there was any work to be done she was sure to be wanted. Whatever would they think had beoome of her? Still, she must find the key. Her life would be a burden to her if she didn't. Cook was as nervous as missus—no one would go to sleep in the house if that latchkey was lying about Hastings. It never occurred to the worried and bad gered young woman that the lock could be altered. All Bhe thought of was that she had committed another act of outrageous wicked ness, and lost the key of the house. She walked on rapidly, stopping to look at everything that gleamed or glistened in the moonlight. She picked up a hairpin, an old nail, and a pair of rusty scissors, but the latch- - key was nowhere to he seen. She reached the'dootor'a house, and then her - heart gave a sudden bound for joy. There lying on the side of the step was the - latchkey. She remembered pulling her handkerchief ' out while ehe was waiting for the bell to be answered. She must have dropped the key then. . She seized it eagerly, she felt inolmed to • kiss it and cry over it, but she mastered her emotion, and clutching it firmly in her hand, was preparing to take to her heels and run as . hud as she could when the doctor's front door - opened and a ghost came out 1 Yes, a ghost 1 Mary was too horrified to faint—too para- - lyzed to shriek. A long, tall figure dressed in white came - gliding out of the door and passed quite close to her. Mary shrank back against the wall and held her breath. But as the figure passed her she - saw that the ghost had a human face—a beau tiful face—the faoe of a young woman. It glided on across the road, and went ■ slowly towards the Parade. , Then Mary suddenly recognised the fact that it was not a ghost. It was a young woman dressed in white. But what on earth oould a young lady be going on to the Parade for at two o'clock in the morning? The figure reached the Parade, then stepped on to the beach, and went slowly down to the What was the strange yemg lady going to do? Mary's heartetood still.. The young woman h*d reached the-edge of the waves—they were rolling up and wotting her feet. Great Heavens, the young woman was walk ing «on 1—walking into the .sea. She would foe drowned. Mary could never think how the sodden courage came, or what pat it into her head to do what she did, instead of shrieking. But a sudden strength seemed to take poa . session of her limbs—a' nervous energy surged up in her brain. With a little cry she ran forward and darted across the beach after the young woman. . • She was too late. The young woman was in the sea, the waters vers closing over her. Noneuf us know hew we shonldaot in such a desperate moment. Maty never thought of the danger to herself, or the lonely shore and the wide ooean, and only the stars looked down j upon that death struggle. She only saw that a woman was drowning and she rushed in after her, rushed in madly, and just as a wave of the incoming tide carried ] a .floating form nearer her she seized the . suicide by the dress and shouted for help and •dragged with all her might, struggling fiercely to keep her own feet to the ground, and her own head above the waves. It all seemed the work of a moment, and then she was on the shore—one desperate tug and she and the.suicide lay together side by side on the beach.' She heard the-scrand of voioes—the saw two ! men leaning over her, she heard a shout, and she knew no mors until she opened her eyes and found herself in a strange room. , " Where am 11" she said, j A kind voice answered her, " You are all right." She looked tup and recognised the doctor she had been to fetch on the previous night to missus, " Oh, dear 1" she said, " however did I oome here? Let me go home, they'll be wondering what's become of me." • . Then she remembered something of what had happened. "The young lady, ' she said, " was she drowned J" " No!" said the doctor, ""you saved her, but you mustn't talk any more yet awhile. You •shall know all about it presently." " How's missus'?' As.well as can be expected, and so's the baby"' "That's all right," said Mary, with a deep ., sigh, and- then the "widkedgirl" closed her eyes and dropped off to sleep again. When Mary had quite recovered from the •excitement and terror of her night's adventure and was able to get up the.doetor told her all about it. The young lady she had seen coming out of his house was a young ladypatient who had been staying with him and nis wife for the benefit of her .health. She had had a love •disappointment and had given way to melan cholia. : No serious consequences were anticipated, but it was thought advisable that Bhe should be under the oonatant supervision of a medical man, so she had been Bent down with a trained nurse to the doctor's; house by her father, who was.a distant relative of the doctor. The young lady had grown gradually worse, but she had done nothing which would lead to a belief that she contemplated suicide. The nurse had, however, been told to watoh her carefully, , and had done so. The night that the doctor was called out the young lady was awakened by the ringing of the bell. The nurse, who had been suffering from neuralgia, had foolishly taken an opiate to make her sleep, and the young lady, findjng herself unwatched, .probably maoe up her mind to escape from those ehe considered to be her She must have opened the dcor and crept •downstairs noiselessly in her nightdress, and walked out into the street.' Then she saw the sea, and the idea of suicide •came into her poor wandering mind. But for Mary's lost latchkey having brought her back to the spot the young lady's body would probably have been found the next day on the beach, or perhaps picked up at sea. When Mary got back to Prospect Mansion missus, of course, was upstairs in bed, but cook received her and tossed her head, and said it was a moe thing for " respectable servant gals to'go to a roaming the streets af night, and jumping into 'the sea, and ehe never heard of such things." She wanted tooall Mary a "wicked gal," but she didn't quite see how to do it. Mr. Perkins seemed very much upset, and looked more scared and dazed than usual. The affair had made a great deal of oommotien in Hastings, and people called at the house to make enquiries about it. It bad got into the papers, too, and this Mr. Perkins, on his wife's behalf, resented. Mrs. Perkins wasn't quite sure how her "visitor" would take it. She said it was just like having a murder com mitted in the house. It made everybody look up and point to her windows, and she was sure there was a crowd hanging about outside, and if there was, her drawing-rooms would give notice and ber dining-rooms would leave. But none of these things happened. As Boon as,the visitors in the house heard the Btoiy they all developed a sudden desire to be waited upon by the brave young woman, and they kept her talking and telling them about it over and over again till cook declared she would give notioe, few if that " wicked gal," Mary, stopped chattering and seandal-mongering all day long how was the work to be done, with Missus ill and Master a-wandering about the place and getting in the way as though he'd been brought ashore drowned himself ? <3ook hadn't a logical way of putting her ideas together, but she made up for the lack of quality by the superabundance of quantity. Mary went about her work as though nothing had happened, simply grateful that she hadn't been discharged for her carelessness in losing the latch-key, and her wickedness in rescuingyoung women from the ocean instead of hurrying home to wait on her missus. But instead of being punished for her wickedness she was rewarded. A few days after she had resumed her domestic duties, and just as she was settling down into her old wicked habits of leaving the bucket on the stairs, and the dustpan on the drawing-room sofa, and answering the front door with a dirty apron on, and slopping the gravy from the joint on the stair carpet, the doctor arrived with an old gentleman and requested to see Mary Jones. Mary came up into the ball, cook listened at the top of the lritchen stairs, the missus had the bedroom door set wide open to catch what she could, and master hung so far over the ban nisters on the drawing-room floor that he was in imminent danger once or twice of falling bodily into the hall below. And this is what they all heard. The old gentleman was the father of the young lady. To show his gratitude for Mary Jones' bravery in plunging into the sea to save the life of his unfortunate daughter he had come to make her an advantageous offer. He would pay into a Bank for her a sum of money sufficient to enable her to start in any little business she chose, or if she was engaged to be married 'he would start her and her hus band in a nice little lodging-house, or any busi ness they might wish to buy. Was Mary engaged? Mary blushed ! She wasn't exactly engaged, but sbe walked out when ahe . had a Sunday off, which wasn't often in the.season, with the baker's young man, and someday they had thought of getting married. - "The baker's young man—well, I never!" exclaimed, cook on tne top of the kitehen stairs. " That acoountB for her being so long taking the bread in," growled Mrs. Perkins, as she gripped the curtains of her bed and sat up right to hear more. ." Very well, my girl," replied the old gentle man.' "I leave the rest in my friend the doctor's hands. You understand that anything in reason 1 can do for you I wilL" A month afterwards "that wicked girl" married the taker's young man, and the young lady's father took and furnished for them a charming little house in Hastings, where they have made an excellent beginning. And they have had a magnificent advertise ment to start with, for on her wedding day the Majyor of Hastings publioly presented the blushing bride with the Royal Humane Society^ medal, and she became quite a local celebnty, and everybody recommends her She had developed into quite a smart little landlady, and the taker's young man has turned out a model husband and very handy in the house, and Mis. Perkins never wheels her new baby past their house without noticing that there are no cards in the window, and she Bhrugs her shoulders and says to her mild and still slightly dazed Mr. Perkins, "Somepeople are lucky—her husband isn't a fool—her rooms are never empty, bnt then she owes it all to ma for she'd never be where she is if she hadn't gone and lost the latch-key in the middle of the night; and fanoy her carrying on all that time with the baker's young man, . and nobody knowing of it. Ugh! the wicked gal!" The End. 