ON A MOUNTAIN TRAIL. I By H. P. Robinson, in St. Nichdas j * We had no warning. It was aa if they had deliberately lain in ambush for us at the turn in tbe trail. Tbey seemed suddenly and silently to rise on all sides of the sleigh at once. It is not often that the gray timber wolves, or 'black wolves,' as the mountaineers call them, sre seen hunting in packs, though the animal is plentiful enough among the foot-hills of the Rockies. As a general rule they are met with singly or in pairs. At the end of a long asd severe winter, however, they sometimes come together in bands of fifteen or twenty ; and every old mountaineer has a tale to tell perhaps of his own narrow escape from one of their fierce packs, perhaps ot some friend of his who started one day in winter to travel alone from camp to camp, and whose clean picked benes were found beside the trail long afterward. It was February, and we, GateB and myself, were driviDg from Livingston, Montana, to Gulch City, fifty miles away, with a load of camp supplies — a barrel of flour and Bome bacon, cctfee, and beans, a blanket or two, and acme dynamite (cr ''giant powder,' as tbe rciBPrs call it) for blasting, a tew picks and 'fcbovele, and other odds and ends. We had started at daybreak. By 5 o'clock in the even ing, with come ten miles more to travel, the worst of tbe trail was passed. Tbere had been little snow that winter, bo that even in the gulches and on tbe bottoms the exposed ground was barely covered ; while on tbe Bteep elopes, enow h»d almost entirely dieappeared, leaving only ragged patches of white, under overhang- . ing boughs, and a thin coating of ice in tbe inequalities of the hard, frost bound trail, making a treacherons footing (or the horses' hoofs. The first 40 miles of the road had lain en tirely over hills— zigziRing np one side of a mountain only to zigzag down the other — with the dense growth of pine and tamarack and cedar on both sides, wreathed here and therein mist. Bat at last we were clear o! the foot hills and reached the level. The tall forest trees gave place to a wilderness of thick under - broBh lying black in tba evening air, and the horseB swung contentedly from the Bteep grade into the level trail, where at laet they could lot their legs move freely in a trot. Hatdly bad tbey settled iato their stride, however, when both animals shied violently to the left side ot the trail. A moment later they plunged back to tbe right siie so suddenly as almost to throw me eff into the fcrnsb. Then out of the earth and the ehadowa of the bueheB the grim datk fortes seemed to nee on all sides of us. There was not a Round — not a anap nor a snarl — but in the gathering twilight of the February evening we saw them moving noiselessly over the thin coat 'of snow which covered the ground. In the uncertain light and moving as rapidly &b; we did it was impossible -o guess how many they were. _ An animal which was one moment in plain sight, running abreaBt ot the horses, would the next moment be lost in the shadow of the bu-ho*, while two more dark ailent forms would edge up to take its place. So on b jth Bides of U3 tbty kept appearing and disappearing-. In the rear half a dozen jostled one another to push up nearer to the fljing sleigh— a black mass tbat filled the whole width of the trail. Behind those again others less clsarly visible crossed and recroseed tbe roadway from side to side. Tfcey might be twenty in all, or thirty, or forty. It waB impossible to tell. For a minute I did not tbinkof danger. The individual wolf is the most skalkiog and cowardly of animals, and only by some such experience as we had that night does a hunter learn that wolves can be dangerous. Bat soon the stories of the old mountaineere case crowd ing into my mind, as the horsea, teniSed and Bborting, puegtd wildly along the narrow traiJ, while tbe ghost- like forces glided patiently alongside— appearing, disappearing, and re appearing, The silent pettinasity with which, apparently rcakiDg no effort, they kept pise beside the flying horses was horrible. Even a howl or a yelp or a growl would have been a relief. But nut eo much as the Bound of their footfalls on tbe enow was to be heard. At the fu&t; srght of tbe wolves I had drawn ay revolver fr*-m tbe leather case in ivhich it hung suspended froanny knit. Gates, hand heg the reiDs. was entirely occupied with the horees ; but I ktiew, without need of words, tbat he saw our pcreuers and understood the the peril as well aa I. ' Have you your gun ?' I Bhouted in his ear, A negative shake of the head was all the answer. So we must trast to the eix. cartridges in my revolver. ' How many wolves are theres do you aup pi.Be? ' again I called. Attain be shook his bead, aa if to &:vy tha- be could not guess. So the minutes parsed and we swept on, rising and falling and swaying with tbe in equalities in the trail. The dark forms, growing core indistinct each minute, were hanging doggedly to tbe sleigh. Suddenly 1 became aware tbat a wolf was almost at my elbow ; its bead was on & level with any waift as I eat in the low sleigh. In the darkneas I could plainly see the white tetth and the dim circle of the eyes. I hardly bad to lean over at all to place the muzzle of tbe revolver within & foot of the great round head before I fired, I saw the black form roll over end over in the snow as we went by. Simultaneously, two other shadowy shapes that had been running abreast of the horsea in advance of the animal that was shot dropped back ; and flocking over rcy shoulder I could eee them throw themselves upon their wounded fellow. As the eea-gulle, following in the wake of a vessel in mid-ocean, swoop from all directions upon seme floating scrap that has been thrown ovetboaid, so from both sides of the trail the datk figures rushed together into one struggling mass behind tDeisleigh ; and for the first time we heard them: snapping and enarlicg at one another as they tore their comrade to piecfa. The horses appeared to know that in som9 way a gleam of hope had come. They ceased p'unging and seemed to throw all their energies into putting as wide a cpaoe bb possible between them and the yelping pack behind. How long would the respite be? Seconds passed until half & minute bad gone. Then a minute. Could it be (hat they had left us — that the horrible race was over ? But even as the hope was forming itself in my mind I became aware of a dim, gray thing moving beside me. A moment later another appeared close by tbe horses heads, and be bind ub the trail was again full of the jostling pack. It w&b; terrible bejond expression, tbe utter noieelc6BneBs with which tbey resumed their places — apparently tirclesp ; keeping pace with the racing horses without a sign of effort ; patient as fate itself. Have you ever been on a fast Bteamship — e»y a ' P. & O.' boat in Indian waters where the sea ia transparent — and, leaning over the stern, watched a shark following the vessel ? If so, you remember how, hcur frfter hour and day after day, the dark, vaguely outlined body, not more dis tinct than the shadow of a cloud upon the waves, stayed, motionlesB to all appearance, just bo many feet aft in the Bhip'a wake, no matter how faBt she moved. To me, and I think to eveiy one who has seen it, that silent, psr eirtent, haunting presence ib the vety em bodiment of ruthleaenees and untiring cruelty. There, in the twilight and shadow, waB the same silence, the eaine. indistinctness, the same awinp impression of motionless speed, the same horror of the inevitable, in that pursuit by the wolves. But eoon their tactioa changed. Either they had giown bolder, or the wolf they had eaten among them bad put a keener edge upon their appetites. There were now four or five of the gboBtlike fcrms moving abreast of the horse3 on my Bide of the sleigh alone. On the other side more were visible. They were now closing in upon us with determination. Suddenly I Baw one make a spring at the throat of the off horse and, musing his aim, fall back, The horses bad been terrified before ?? from thai moment tbey loBt all control of themselves. Neither tbe driver's voice nor his hands upon the reins had any influence upon them as they tore wildly down the narrow path between the bnthei', snortiDj?, throwing their heads from side to side, 'and breaking now and again into eborfc, shrill neighs of terror. The breath from their nostrils and the steam from their bodies made a white cloud in the wintry night air almost enveloping them and us, and at times blotting out of sight the wolves beneath. But the pack was again closing in, In front of all I could see one running under tbe vary noFea of the horBep, keeping jutt beyond the reach of their hoofs, and evidently waiting for the right moment to m%ke a fiail leap at their throats, Leauiacr forward, and steadying my aim as well &3 I could in the rocking sleigh, I fired fall at the whole datk maBB in front. Apparently ths ball paestd harmlessly through them, bat ia an instant all had vanished— behind and into ths bufhes — sb a Bwaran of riies vanish at the waving cf a handkerchief. Only for a second, however, and oce alter another they were back again. A second shot, fired again at random into tbe mats, was more successful, acd onse more we saw them drop back and crowd together in tbe trail behind up, wbtie the snapping and snarling grew fainter as the horses plunged on. Half of the last ten miles had now been travdled, and five miles more would bring ua to Gulch City end security. The excitement of that race was unspeakable ; the narrow laae of the trail lying white ahead of us and behind us between the dark borders of the brush, seen fitfully through the steam from tha maddened horees. But tbe respite this time was shorter than before. Once more our relentless foes gathered round us silently one by one. The wolves Eeemed to know as well as we that time was Ebort end escape lay not far away ; for hardly bad the pack settled in their places round us before I saw one animal throw himself recklessly at the horeeB' throats. There was a sadden mad rearing- tip of both the horses, a wild, despairing neigb, a short yelp from the wolfs throat, and the dark form that had seemed to hang for a moment, leech-like, to the chest of one of our brave beaBts was beaten down under the hoofs. The others did not wait even for the sleigh to paes, but leaped upon the struggling form even as tbe runners were upon it. In iny ex citement I did a foolieh thing. Leaning over, and thrusting my revolver almost against the ekins of the fierce brutes, I fired two shots in quick succession. They had their effect, I know, for I saw one of the dark figureB thraw itself convulsively out of the mass into the bruth, where others sprang upon it, and a death cfy went up in the night air, But we could ill spare 'the ammunition. This idea evidently occurred to Gates. Lean ing suddenly toward me, but with bis eyes fixed on tbe horses and the road ahead, he called— ?? How many shotB have you left ?'' 'Only one/'' ' Not even one apiece for as ?!1 And I knew that he was in earnest. I knew also that he was right ; tbat it would be better to die so than to be torn to pieces by that starling htngry crew. But it was too late now. Five shots out of tbe Bix were spent, and twenty minutes yet muat pass before ne could reach tbe camp. And even while these few wordj were being said the pack was close upon us again. Fiercer now, »cd more determined than eve* to make an end of it. tbey crowded around. One even flung bjnuelf at the low side of the sleigh to Biiap at me, end his teeth caught for a moment in the »leeve of my ooat as I struck him on the head with tba cleccbed baud holding the pfstoi. On both eides, too, they jottlcd each other to reach the flying horses, and I knew that in a few seconds more 1 must - sacrifice the last cartridge in my revolver. [ As a forlorn hope I snatched the buffalo- j robe which lay on Gates'e knees and threw it to then-. Bat tbey hardly stopped to tear it ! to pieces. Tbere was more satisfying food in tbe eleigh. And tbey c'.oisd atoand the hones again. For the first time Gate; tamed to look at me. I 'JicV!' he called exciteiJy, 'the giant ! powder ! ' | For a moment I did not grasp his meaning. Seeing my indecision h- aborted again— 'The giant ponder, Jac'* !' Then it came to me. Thrusting the pistol ' into ita case I scrambled over into the rear - part of tbe eleigh, aud a? I did so tha wolves i that were following behind fell back a tew feet, Hafelily fumbling amoup the various aappliw. ' 1 foend the old sack in which the sticke of ' djnr mite were wrapped, and with then tha ' Ein≪ package of caps and fuse. Taking three ; of the Bticks I tied them tightly together with ! my bsnkerchief, and quickly fitting the end of ; an inch of fuse— for in this rase the shorter the ' piece the better — into a cap. I thrust the latter - into the centre of the three e ticks, I was still at ' work when a sodden swing of the sleigh and a ! cry from Gates warned me that something was ! the matter. The horses. were planeing vio- I lently, and aa the near hosa reared I saw that ] a wolf had leaped upon its withers and was clinging, with its teeth apparently in the side ' of tbe boree's neck, In their terror the horseB had stopped, and were actually backing ua into the bruth. Something had to be done, and with acme vaene hope I fired the last shot from the revolver into the dark circle wMch alrecdy surrounded the paging horses. The shot bad its effect, for one of the brutes leaped into the air with a yelp and fell backward into the bnehee. The horse, too, sprang sud denly forward, aud the wolf that was clinging to it fell to the ground and was trampled under the hoofs. In an instant those of the pack that had not already flung themselves upon the wounded animal in the bushes, raBhed upon this one that was lying lifeless or Btunned frcm the horses1 feet ; and once more, for a* few seconds, we had breathing spsce, sod the Bleigb sped alcofr ibroagh the keen air, our enemies snarliog and quarrelling behind us. Eut the laat Bhot whb Fpent ! Turning r^y attention again to the giant pow der I fixed the cap end fuse more fitmly in their place, and taking cfi my belt woand that tightly round the whole, Bound that again I wrapped one of the old sacks, and teariog off my ccat made an extra covering of that, knot tmg the tkeves tightly on the outside, that the ravtncua tt6tb might be delayed in tearing the bundle apart. Crouching down in the sleigh I lighted & match, and, aa I did eo, I saw that tbe wolves were upon ub again, apparently as numerous and as tireleBa sb ever. The match went out ; and a second. Crouchinglower still, I made a barricade against the wind with any tbii g I could lay my bands on in tbe sleigh, and at iatt a dull red spark caught the end of tb-» fcga. The pack was already crowding round the terrified home, which, it seemed to me, were almo&t; worn out and moved more heavily than heretofore. And how slowly the fuse burned ! 2-iurting it carefully with my hands, I blew upen tbe spark and kept it glowing as it ate its way tlowly into the cotton. Why had I not made it bhorter ? Every moment I expected to feel the Eudden jolt which told that the wolves had pulled down one of the horses and that the ecd bad come. At laet the dull red glow had almost reached the end of the cap. A few seconds more and it would explode. Thrusting the bundle bgstily into another sack, forgetting even the wolvee in my terror lest it should explode in my handPf I threw it with all my force into tbe midst of the moving fcrma abreast of the horaps. The beasts flung themselves upon it, and as we swept by, the whole pack was again col lected into a Btruggling. snarling heap beside the trail. We were sweeping round a curve in the road, and before the horses had taken a dtzen Btndee the brush ehut oat the path behind ub and the wolves. A moment later and tbe air and the earth shook around us. I was still half-standing, clutching tbe low side of the Bleigb, and the concussion threw me upon my face. ,The re port was not the crash of a cannon nor the sharp noise of gunpowder, but a dull heavy roar like an instantaneous olap of distant thunder. The stillnetB tbat followed was intense, but I thought that I heard from the direction where tbe wolves bad been one broken muffled hosrl. What had been the effect of it 1 Both GateB and mjFelf leaned forward and with voice and hand urped the horses on. When would those grim, gray, ruthlesB forms reappear? Tae second? passed ; minute followed minute, and tbe horses, breathing painfully, labored on over the level trail. With every yard travelled bope grew stronger, until leaning over again I said to Gates — ^ 'I don't belive they're cominp, Charlie,' Eut bis only reply was a shake of the rein3 and another word to the horses. Then suddenly there eame a twinkle ot light in the distance. The brush fell away from the trail and the white expanse of the clearing of Gulch City was before us. * * ?- -::- # * For a distance of fifty yards at a point about & mile and a half north of Gulch City the old Livingston trail had to be abandoned. It would have t6en more labor to repair it than to clear a new pathway through the brutb. And when I left tbat part of the country two years after ward the packers would still turn out of their way for a minute to look at ' Giant Hole' and to kick up out of the weeds and brush that had grown around it the skull or part of the Bkele ti n of a wolf. 