AQUATICS. The Prince Alfred Yacht Club and the Royal Sydney Yacht Clnb havo postponed their races which were set down for this afternoon. Tbe race for wood and canvas dfneies not exceeding 14ft. which owing to the unsatis factory finish at tbe Double Bav reiratta was ordered by tbo committee to bo re- started, takes place this afternoon at 2.00, same course and conditions ns before. Tbo following nre the entries: Thomas Punch, Our Roy, Shadow, Vera, Etna, Violet and Pearl, Messrs. R. Ostley and H. Stockbam will act ns starter and judge respec tively. This afternoon the Balmain Sailing Club have a race for nil boats 20ft. and upwards, best nnd best, handicap, to start at 8.16 sharp. Course:— A fljing start from IVhito Horse Point, round Pinchgut, back round starter's boat. Tbo boats entered are: — Victor, 20fL, scr.; Bettina, 20ft., Bcr.j Itonia, 20ft., tier.; GeneBter, 20ft., lmin.; Portia, 22fL, 14min.; Norous, 20ft., 24miu. Mr. \V. Griffiths, sturter, uud Mr. G. Grouliu, timekocper and umpire. A meeting of tho Sydney Canvas Dingy Club was hold on Wednesday evening. Mr. F. O. Jack was elected a member. It was decided to hold a raco on Saturday, 22nd inst,, for a prize presented by Mr. J. Carter, J.P., vice- president of, the club, entries for which closo on Wednesday next, Tho Port Jackson Sailing Club havo a race for prizes of £5, £8, £2 and £1 respectively this aftornoon, when the following nre the entrieB nnd handicaps Mantnra, Cralgelce, scratch ; Lottie, 4min. ; Itcirlna, lmin. ; Ido- then, Ataiantn, Bmiu. ; Esmerelda, 4mln. ; ScylU and Isadore, 6mtn, ; Violet, 6min.; One Tom, Tho Ghost, 7min.: Our May, 8utin.; Imo- gene, 12min. These handicaps nre in cubo the bonte go tho Manly course. Should they sail the Bow and Pigs course, each boat getting time will be brought back the minute with the exception of Lottie ami Imngcuc, tha handicaps of which will bo reduced lmin. and 2min. respectively. A steamer is to follow the raco, starting from Floating Jetty at 2.46 p. in, Messrs. George Rollings nnd A. J. Spears will act ns starter and umpire respectively. The Neutral Bay Bailing Club hold a raco this afternoon unaar reaicii handicaps, course being the usual Pile Light one. Tho East Sydney Rowing Club hold an carnival this afternoon on the I'arra- niatta River. The programme shows that there are four cre\v9 in tho Maiden Fours. In tho outrigger race there are 18 entries, while five crews will take up their position in the scratch eights. Mr. T. Punch will act as starter, Mr. J. Blackmail as umpire nnd Mr. M. O'Dwyer as judge. Tho steamers Gosfurd and .Midget will leave the Circular Quay to follow the incus at 2.30. 