NOTES AND GLEANINGS. The Council's application for a ten-acre reserve on the northwest of the cemetery reserve, parish of Chuwar, on which to erect a crematory for night-soil and other town refuse, is to be favourably considered on the Council surrendering the present manure depot. A crematory alongside the cemetery reserve is not the thought somewhat suggestive? Many there are who are decidedly in favour of the cremation of the human body after it has yielded up the ghost, and it has been suggested that both reserves--horrible idea !--should be formed into one, and two crematories erected. The idea is possibly worthy of the consideration of those interested. Both crematories being on the one plot, they could be attended to by the one staff of men--a considerable saving. The present system of disposing of the dead is by no means a satisfactory one. It has numerous disadvantages, and many find it a most expensive duty--indeed, some have been found, even in Ipswich, who have declined to "bury their dead." The new system would have numerous advantages which need not at present expatiated upon, and it would probably pay some enterprising body to take the subject up. The present manure depot is to be visited by the aldermen (when they have time), before any definite action is taken in the matter. This spot, as may be easily imagined, is no Garden of Eden. One aldeman, with a most suggestive sniff, expressed the opinion that the journey thither would be much preferable to a visit to the waterworks. Another thought that the official visit might take the form of a picnic of the alderman and their friends. fears, however, are expressed that they would fnd very few friends on the occassion willing to indulge in the festive gathering, for although Alderman Harris often takes a short cut across the reserve, and says that it is not the hot-bed of pollution that it is represented to be, there are probably many who have not the iron nerve and constitution of that gentleman, and no doubt a number whose olfactory organs are much keener. Current talk is decidedly against him in this matter, it having been frequently alleged that the reserve is very strongly tainted with aromas hardly approved of by any person. Still, the question of the proposed exchange is well worthy of the most serious consideration of the municipal authorities. Their present reserve is about ten times the size of the one they have just asked for, and is, probably a far more valuable piece of land, with a probability of its becoming still more valuable as population in- creases on the north-side. Of course, the necessity for some better system of disposing of night-soil than the present one--if if can be called a system at all--is apparent to al- most everyone in the town, and probably no better mode could be adopted than des- truction by fire. The principal reason for applying for the ten-acre reserve was that it would be much closer for the furnace, and that, therefore, say overtures for the work would be much cheaper than if the structure was constructed on the manure depot, but it must be remembered that there is, at least, one serious objection to this last block of land. It is alleged that all the neighbouring ground is fast being built upon, and that, if it were definitely resolved to erect any such works in the vicicity, the value of property would be greatly depreciated. Considerable objection to the proposal is therefore expressed, and no doubt, if a number of Brassall ratepayers were interfered with in this re???, a deal of trouble would arise. On the old reserve there would be no such dilemma, and, on the whole, the matter is of far more importance than appears on the surface. 'fd U·pcetramioljn on the sndtrp peshp ;s. "tde an?'tweek" geogtazpn?o Ipawinh so wall that he ha dilsoovered a new feoakkelriuU Re glade W;Ts?$osr eayfshattiSP knew? tbe& q.heoue ale, at Ipswio) Eas Snderi "f-vTtjIsl4l wich ioild'e, a 'ci plaoea-toe ,eiiwd' ? l.lff'that fatatment was correct; htmhitldig Is long way abhceoilteounarkoe la t asatieated, and day frH tlc dinkeping.with h'eireqciremmcLte of M?rqecgrtsa cetmahajtto o0lytdic the. Intdettalh~uiinga s naAe·swer wac dr lfa*t meaourable vrisicfMarJeaiieIHar-. d rhinewhther oo( Jakq sobadly~tha?tge.a hl]Mnare cpnrentruitahigg~intc the Cnootehoee th* SLc a o ereapped to -lokaefter*be edieeot and thethe whole town, which, .appeetly,-rthOSt In wiph his ides, would be mwoh ttee-off the faces of the earth.> S6tIgal ie1 tll ives and 2plwgveeas, and Intends to iarths.+4yaC e .aMri. Harding to the contrery notw?,t, ding. The late raid on dogs by the police was the means of forcing a number of persons to regis- ter their cannies ; but there are still a consider- able majority of them that have yielded no- thing to the revenue of the country. The amusing incident with the Chinaman, in the Court-house, who could not understand why one person should say that the registration would cost him one shilles, another one shilles and sixpenny, and the P.M.. two shilles and sixpenny, and then, after paying the 2s. 6d., find that he had to pay another before his dog was safe, was surpassed by a well-known aborigine the other day. The coloured "gent" who belongs to the Salvation Army, was bailed up by a policeman who told him that his dog would be destroyed. The black- fellow, who is as cunning "as they make them" retorted "No fear; me legistel him." He not only registered his own pup, but peruaded a couple of his coloured brethren to go and do likewise. This is an example that might, with advantage, be followed by come clever whites, who refrain from complying with the law until they are compelled to do so, when they discover that their pets cost them about three times as much as they would have done had they been attended to in the fist instance. The reporting of cases of scarlet fever has now been rendered compulsory in all towns affected by the Health Act. Efforts were pre viously made in this direction. but, as it was left to the option of medical men whether they reported the cases or not, the clauses referring to the matter practically remained a dead letter. Now, however, the Governor-in. Council, at the instance of the Central Board of Healtb, has decided that it is necessary that the regulations should be enforced, and this will probably go along way towards prevent ing the spread of the disease. Scarlet fever is an extremely contagions malady, and spreads most alarmingly. The different Municipal Councils have been requested to superintend and see to the execution of the by-laws in this respect, and now that the Hospital authorities, with commendable foresight, have erected a tent for the special treatment of the disease in the case of persons who are homeless, if the medical men do their duty in the matter, it should be comparatively easy to prevent any serious spread of this class of fever in the future. 