('Ilea» Telegrams. ( Morally there Î3 very little difference between picking a pocket and robbing a newspaper of telegrams it pays for, indeed if there is a difference the former is the less verial offence, inasmuch as the one criminal sneaks off and modestly declines to trumpet forth bis actions to a cold and nnsympathic world. He does ill by stealth and would blush to find it time. Not s«, however, the telegram pilferer who, with unblushing effrontery, annexes another fellow's property, and wirti i» fr*>«t brawD «aoagb to pay-a ilîvîtloi»<l 01» ix tin uitne, publishes the stolen goods, blows his trumpet and tells subs scriuet s to harry lip with the rent »5 he is pushed for money, owing to the enormous expense he has been at for telegrams ! We have been of lons suffering if not of great, goodness in the matter, and have been victimized to an extent that would hare severely tried the patience of the late lamented and respected Mr. Job. We bare paid our little cheques for telegraphic accounts with philosophic resignation, and having printed our information have after- wards beheld the resurrection of our cables and onr wires in another paper, more in sorrow than in anger. These ghosts reprints, indeed, have often been a fund of considerable amusement,and the compositors slightly smile, when having made a typo graphical blunder somewhere or another they find it faithfully repeated . by the sneaking copyist. 8k vos noa ro6£» and so on. but a line must be drawn somewhere, and we draw it at paying for telegrams and having them printed in some evening Howler ? before we publish them ourselves. It is playing the game too low down it the Caira* Post has to play second fiddle with its own property. To meet the require- ments of the public wc find it necessary to post telegrams on any important subject in the bars of leading hotels. We pursued this coarse over the Herberton races, but before-we had an opportunity of putting our purchased property in print, lo! it is pub- lished by an evening contemporary which toiled not, and neither did it spin anything of the yarn it gathered in by the aid of its peripatetic reporter. We observed this cadaverous looking individual copying the message and cautioned him against the theft, but all to ab avail, and oar well is now filled with bitterness, and our disposition turns to gall when we think how beautifully and innocently the good old prediction has '.»me home to us :-" The first shall " he last and the last shall be first" 