Roses and Diamonds. . BY AONEH BUENT, ' ?' . Tlioy lay beforo her— a necklaoo of tz quiuitoly wrought gold, Bpt with flashing dinmondfl, that g'ittored and sparkled in the light of the morning sun, like eyea of living firo, and a bouquot of rare white roses, puro and dainty, interspersed with' oprays of feathery Binilax— fit prnamonta for a queon, Eglello Gordon raiaod tho caso whioh oori tained the jewels, and from it drow a tiny pieco of folded paper. Sho opened it, and rend for the Second time tho words it con tained. As oho returned the paper to the onep.n flush of I riu'mph stained her boautiful face, and tin exultant light leaped into her dark oyes. She bent hor raven head above tho fluming utoues, and a, smilo ourved^ the scarlet of her- haughty lips as ehe said softly : 'At last— at last I From childhood id hap been my dream. Wealth, social poaition —in esohange for thepo, surely boauty and youth should bo gladly given. As Rogor Wolvorton's wite, 1 shall bo forever free from poverty's gallinrt ohain j my lifo will bo bright nnd beauttful as n butterfly's summer. No longer dependent upon the bounty of others, mittreBB oj an elegant homo, first in the heart of a noble, honorable man— what moro oould woman deairo ?' But tho emile Blowly fndod, and the jewel oasoslipfed from hor hand, aB hor eyes foil on tno roacs, white nnd fragrant, Bonding out thoir muto appeal for the donor. She raised tho cord attached to tho bouquet, and an she road tho ono line written thereon, tho light of triumph lied from her eyes, and in tteal thero oamo an expression of tender, wiBtful yearning. . 'I wonder what life would bo without him,' she murmured, as she buried her faoo in tho roeea, 'without tho Bound of hiB voioo, without tho touch of his hand. Could old Roger Wolverton and his diamonds com pensate for tho Iobs of hia love?' Her eyes fell again on the oard, ' Estblle : — Will you wear my roses to night, aa a token that I may'aomo day oall you wife 1 . 'H&BOIiD; LACY.' 'Rosoa and diamonds,' aho_ murmured, ' Boaoa and diamonds I Whioh shall it be?' When Miss Gordon, aoaompanied by her uncle, entered the Carrington drawing-room that evening, all eyes were turned toward the tall, grtioaful figure robed in- gloaming white natin. Her beautiful faoo waB aglow with smiles, her dark eyes were flaehing with oxoitoment ; sho had never appeared more lovely to tho somewhat indistinot vision of Mr. Roger Wolverton, who now nppearod be fore her, and off orcd hia arm with an evident air of proprietorship; for around Bstelle Gordon's boautiful neok was fastened a diamond neoklace. With a laughing glanco oho placed the tips of her white- gloved fingers on hifl ooat aleeVe, and-^bgothor thoy moved down the room, the oyn'ftsure of all uyeB. ? Ffou: ; '''-tainod recess Harold Laoy watbheii- . -cva. When thoy wero nearly op potito Uho spot on wbioh he stood, ho leaned eagerly fcrward and ooanned olosely the form of the woman ho loved. His roaes were not there I \ Ho passed his hand across his eyes, as if eoniething marred their sight, and looked again. No, neither in tho raven hair nor on the whito breast lay the flowers he longed to see. Two men wero standing near, and aa in a dream thoir words reached him. ''Our 'queon rosebud' has at last been plucked,'' enid one. ' Whnt do you moan 1' queried the other, carelessly. — tujjky .. ^j. fofcjj.k^ jHh»i.»- me. YorjteyoB_? Do you not perceive the ' this is my pro perty, I have bought and paid for it ' air with, which old Wolverton is regarding Miss Gordon V And surely that necklace has not escaped your observation? Pauper uncles, however fond, are not, as a rule, given to be stowing costly ornaments upon the ohildren of their dead brothers. You may rely npon it, that neoklaoo is not the outcome of Cap tain Gordon's generosityr Don't yon think it looks like old Wolverton ?' Laoy waited to hear no more. Surely he must bo dreaming. She had told him her love in all but words ; tho man had lied ; she had forgotton his roses; thoy hnd never reached hor, perhaps. No mistake Bhould wreck their lives; ho would allow no jealous anger to part him from tho woman he adored. With n few quick strides ho reached her side, and Baid quietly : ' Will you waltz with me?' Mr. Wolverton was not an adept in the art of dnnoing, aB his betrothed vory well know. It was not quite tho proper thing to leavo his uido at bo early a iitogo of the even ing's proceedings, but iuvoluntnrily eho murmured nn assent aB she mot the steady gaze of Laoy'a eyes, and tho next instant they. were floating down tho rodm together, to the strain of an enchanting waltz. It waa for tho last time — to-morrow she would bo bound in all honor to another; att« to-night ho would go out of her lifo forevor, and henceforth thoir paths would diverge. - Well, sho would forget in time, and he— Like tho sharp thruat of a dagger oamo the thought that some day he would lovo again. She had not thought before that tho heart she bo ruthloBfily cast aside might Borne day bo offered to another. Ah, how blessed the woman who would liaten to the musio of his voioo in that word ' wife.' But bIio had bhoaon, and choaon well, aho told herself, with a determined fiaah of her eyee. She would abide by her choice between roaea and diamonds. Tho musio oeased and they Btood together near a window whioh opened on a verandah. Without a word he drew aside the hangingo, and led out her out into tha sharp, ohill air of tho winter night, The stars looked down upon tha enow wrapt earth, and from far away thoro oamo tbo dear, owoet Bound of a bell. Botollo felt hor heart bound violently, and a tremor of dolioious excitement thrilled her from head to foot. Would ho tell hor of hia love ? Should ahe listen to tho music of his pleadings ? Thero waB something akin to pleading in his voice, but hia faoo waB stern and oold, an ho said slowly ; ? . ? 'I wish to know if you received tho roses and the card attaohed, whioh I Dent this afternoon I' . ' Yes,' aho murmurod, faintly. His faoo whitened visibly as ho put the noxt quoBtion. .'Did you wear hia diamondo inproforenoo to my roeea ?' ' Yea,' ahe answerod again, but in so low a tono that ho heard. it with diflioulty. For a moment noithor spoke ; then Laoy offered his arm with a frigid bow and smile. 'Shall we return to tho drawing-room? Tho night air is exceedingly oool.' ' Close tho bind ?, Margarot, and then lay out my dress for he evening.' 'Yes, madam.' Mrs. Wolverton'a maid moved swiftly about the room until tho oommand of hor mistress had been obeyed, nnd then stood ro spootfully awaiting furthor ordors. ' You may go now ; I do not wish to bo disturbed for an hour.' ?' Yes, madam.' .. As the door dosed bohind the woman, Mra. Wolvorton leaned languidly baok among the ouBhionB of her easy ohair and pldood her daintily slippered feofc upon the fonder. Tho firelight foil upon tho graoeful figuro dad in a orimaon satin dressing gown on tho Blonder white hands dcoked with raro jewels, on the raven hair falling in ourls and waves about hor, and on her proud, dork faoo whioh had lost none of its old-timo boauty. though fivo yeam had pnOBcd over Eslelle ? Gordon's hoad oinoo tho nigh of tho Oar- '? :'?'.?' rineton'o. ball. ;?,' After nn engagement of threa months ebb ;: beoamn tho wife of Eogor Wolverton, and in .'?'? \\\\. a distant city, removed from all early asEooK ?'?'?'?'? atioim, far Irom aught whioh could uorvo.to. reCdllthe memory of her povorty -Strieker. -'; git hood, tho days p,iB8ed on one mad giddy ? -. whirl of nover ceasing gaiety - '-?' ???'. Her marriage brought all she bad hoped ,* ? for, and overy. longing whioh had filled her young heart was gratified. Queen of tho ;' world in which ebo moved, felctl, admirod, men vied with enoh other for hor amiles, and all that wealth oould purchase or poBititin oommand was laid at hor foot. - . ' Just as Bho began to weary of the life she ? ? led, whon tho pleorarea of society; bogan t'6 ?'''? pall, when she was tired ol playing with tho hearts of mon, she was suddonly set free. .' Death claimed Rogor Wolverton, and as soon ;? afterward as- poaslblo his widow Bought ' foreign lands. .'????? . .- After two years of trrvel Bho returned to ' hor^ native village, and was now, with her maid, installed in hor former home, the guest of hor nnolo, Captain Gordon. Her return was gladly hailed by the V village Booiety, of whioh oho had onoo been :' queen. Old frionda hastened to welcome the' wealthy Mrs. Wolverton, old admirers '?. crowded in, and from theso she gathered '?' Harold Laoy's history during tho post five. ? years. Her eyes sparkled with pride, and her dark face Unshod ns Bho listened to tho story of hia oeaseleBa struggle with fortune ' - during tho years sho had devoted to senseless ' frivolity. Suocbbs had crowned his efforts, howover; tho famo he had ooveted, tho wealth for which ho had labored so faithfully ''.??? had oome at last, and now, as a member of the legal profession, his nam& rang over the' r ' land, ? ? / ??: As she sat to-day bofore the glowing fire, '.. her dark eyea fixed on the dancing flames, a smilo parted her HpB, and tho habitual expression of mockery faded from her . : faoe. . . ? '?.?.??,?...-?-? ' Ho is mine I' she- aaid softly. ?' Mine, ' mino I Ah, life is still full of promise I We shall meet to-night; every bitter thought ; will bo forgotten 5a tho greatness ol hie lovo, - and hencef trth life will bo heaven. I wonder- ?' if time has ohanged him I Thank Hoavenr' my beauty iB undimtned by yeare I The: woman of twenty-fivo is bb fair as the girl ol ' twonty, who won and oaat aside his heart five years ago. Yes, my marriage was a suooess ; r it gavo me the experience without whioh I oould never havo been content, and now fate '?:'?- offers the lovo of tho man who alone oan fill my heart.' Three hours later, Mrs Wolverton entered the, drawing room in which, years before, Estelle Gordon had sold herself for gold.'''.. Mrs. Carrington hastened forward to greet . her. . ' You aro late, my dear ; bnt since you no narrowly oeoaped being a stranger, I ahall pardon you. Come this way — several of my friendB are wild to meet yon. I have also an . extremely interesting oonplo to represent, : Harold Laoy and his wife. What is it my ' dear Estello, you are BB white as a- ghost, and oh 1 you havo broken that beautiful' - fan.' ' It ia'nothing,'! murmured Mrs. 'WolverV ton. -: With a mighty effort ohooteadied her '? voion, and said ooroleBsly : ' 'Is not Mr. Laoy'u marriage o recent event ?' 'Quite reoant and very sudden, though not altogether unexpeoted. He has been bo trothed f or a year to Alioo Lennox,:-whom ho met, while oa a visit to a neighboring town., ' They wero married yesterd.'vK and oamo direotly to Harold's home iiS the . village, ' Fortunately I was informed M what bad/ taken plaoe in timo to havo them with us thia ovening. But they are ooffiing thlB.woy now — is sho not pretty?' . , ,':'-. For a moment a sound lib '.tbo surging of- . man'ysvaterii fi\H4 Tfr&iVia;, V .L^rtqnla-fi.arB;:'* and she wan blind to all aro. ad her. . Then . ; self-posBession returned, ai d with a smile . ? and gesture that betokened a thorough/,, woman of . the world, she .advanced- ?witjri''1 her hosfeas to meet Harold Laoy and' -hia wife. ;j? .;,-.r^;'.' .., There wore but few in the thorn who'were ignorant of Laoy's formor, dovotion to the faBoinating Batello Gordon, and all eyos were upon the trio when they met beneath tho brilliant lights of the chandelier. ? v ??? : Mrs. Wolverton, resplendent in. blaok satin, diamonds flashing on her breast and ' in her hair, hor queenly form drawn to its- \i full height, gazod for a moment eoarohingly at tho woman whom Hnrold Laoy oalled bis wife. . _ She saw a tiny, ohildish figure arrayed in : Botne white, dinging, silken stuff, a pure' ' dimpled faoo framed by a soft maas of golden. ;' curls, a pair of innooont, honest bluo eyea, a small whito hand on whioh shone a wedding ring, and oh, irony of fate I white roBOS and. ? similax in the laoe at hor throat. ' They soon moved on, and with a pang like v the bitterness of death, Estelle Wolveiton ?' realised that aha had lost Harold forever. Ho loved this golden- haired wife of hia,' and : she, the woman whom five years beforo he had adored, waBnaught to him. Sho soon withdraw from the brilliant throng, and whon she reaohod hor ohambrr, dismissed her maid and bolted the door. Alono with her dead hopes, her ruined life, hor stained soul. Alone with the torturing regret whioh seemed to stiflo hor. With her head bowod on her arms, her hands clasped, her bosom heaving with a storm of passion - ato Bobs, sho sat through the long hours of tho night. ' My lady here alone, May think, till her heart is broken, Of tho love that is dead and gone, Of tho days that with no token Forevermore havo flown.' Harold Laoy was avenged, for in despair unnttornblo his old lovo repented her ohoioe between roses and diamonds. 