NOVELIST My Lady's Revenge. By E. G.ItRRISON JONES. CAAPTEIR Xl.-(COxTrINGED) "Why, certainly not, monsieur. Mamma only brought me up. and I love her and papa very dearly. But one of these days I'm to find my own parents, and turn cut to be a prince's daughter maybe, 'as they do in fairy tales-that's what my godmother says." " Oh, my child I' moans poor M\Ir. Rltth~ well, leaning down to clasp her again. '" I lost my little baby almost as soon as it was born. If she lad been spared to me, she would have been like you." "Last her! Did she diet" inquires "N,; she was stolen from me." replies Mrs. Itaths el'. Joaie opens her black eyes wide, then purses her red mouth, and utters a low cry. '*Stolen I" he repoeats. " Well, now, what if I should turn out to be your stolen child? Wouldn't that be nice? That's the way the fairy books make it. But it couldn't well be, for I have the Llnder crescent on my arm. I think that grand old lady at Nivernois Court will be my grandmother when the truth's known. I shall find out some day, you may be surer of that. And, let's see- well, it will be better. perhaps, for me to have your address. then I'll write and stll you all about it. Will you please write it for me?" She dives into her pocket, and brings up a set ef tablets and; a pencil-case, which she -pAn.-La..rsathwell~,.hsa d.. " I a?ways keep them." she explains, 'to write down anything Mrs. Heath wishes me to remember. She gave them to me. Please just put your name and address down, and I will write to you some day." "Here, my dear, give her this," says Mr. B?thwell, taking a card from his pocket, as his wife vainly essays to write with her trembling fingers. "I think this singular interview has lasted long enough." But Jasie's quick cars catch the import of the last words, and as she receives the tablet and the aid, she drawas back at once. " Good-bye, lady," she says, touching the ti's of her fingers to her red mouth. The carriage whirls away, and looking hack throngh her tears, Mrs. Rthwell sees the sparkling face and. graceful little figure, dtfited like a rare picture in the yellow sunlight. ' At hishotel, on his return from the drive, the ironmacter finds.varidus letters awaiting him-only one of these, however, of much" importarce. This one, dated from'" Abeidiidno Ljdg,` \- Cardiganshire," ran as follows: "Me DEAn Sm--I am spending; a few days at my old Welsh seat, known as Aber dudno L':dge. Would ayou' mind putting yourself to the trcub!o cf making me a visit 1 I am very anxious to- meet you. I made arsangrnments to wait upon you some time are. but. unfortunately;, you were not in EsaIat d. m"'eam vriy etrang?'truths, that merely connein hoth ynuretlf and me, have come to my knowledge. and I am impatient to com munioste them to otn, and to confer with you in regard to our future action, " If ynu can make it convenient to comply with this request, have the goodness tn write a line to my solicitor, Mr. Vent, 24, Dorset.etreet, Litrdon. He will bear you company into Wales, and will no doubt assist us in comin~ to a satisfactory under standing. I shall hope to eee you as early as practicable.-Yours very obediently, " ST. AuntIy. " To Edmund RIthwell, Erq." The iron manter read this letter thrice, and then put it carefully into his breast. _ocket. "What," he Eolilcquised, "can Lord St. Aubyn want with me? And I'm to race all the way to Wales to meet him I Not I. If The wants to see me he knows where to find me when I return to England, and he can trouble himself to call upon n:e if his reve lations are of such importance." But the import of this letter haunted him. Sleeping or waking, his mind was tormented by the question: "What can Iard St,. Aubyn have to tell t" He made no mentinn of thl letter to his wife, for her despondency had settled into a fixed de'pair siner their departure from France was decided on, and he had no wish to add to hi r anxiety. Arrived in London, he toonk apartments, and lost no time in securing thebest medical attendance for his wi!r. I'he was worn out by some recret and incessant care, and must have recreation, change of reccc. and amuee ment. This was t' r verdict of the doctors; and with a feeling of grateful relief that his fears in regard to his wife were groundless, Mr. RBthwell proceeded to arrange his busi ness, preparatory to a winter sojourn in olame. Still that letter from Wales haunted him, and at last he made tip his mini that he omust see the end of the matter, for the ,ake of his own piece of minti, if nothing .alse. He appointed an hour for hunting up the .cla solicitor, Treherce Trent, at his sham. obers in Dorset-street; but he was antici. ,pated in his intention and ecneiderably sur. "prised by a call from that gentleman him. :·elf-a small, wiry individual, in a rusty wig uand rusty black knee-brceches. " I have only just heard of your return to I England, Mr. Bothwell," he began, when the i salutations of the day had been interchanged, "and, you see, I have lost no time in seeking an interview. I should have : sooght it months ago, Mr. Rothwell, but, unfortunately, you were out of England." I He paused and eat rubbing his dry hands toether, sitting on the edge of hie chair, and looking about him with an alert, expect ant air. The ironmaster bowed, produced a de canter cf wine, and pushed it across the table to his visitor. " Take a glass of port, Mr. Vent," he said, "and then have tile goodness to inform me for what purpose you have sought this interview." Mr. Vant helped himself to the wine, smacking his lips over it with great natisfao. tion. "Well,. Ir. Rothwell," he said, "before I proceed to reveal to you the strange and sur prising facts that have come into my possession-facto touching your interest and honor, Mr. Rothwell--I want to ask you an honest question : "Go on, sir." "Mr. Rothwell, you are a rich man, and a liberal one-at leas:, the world gives you that character. Now, sir, if the strange truths I am about to put into your posses sion turn out to be priceless worth to yoell--i other words, sir, if I am able to convince you that instead of a plain ironwaster you are a titled peer, with untold wealth at your com mand-if I am able to put you in the way of recovering your possessions, our title, your lawful heritage-if I can co all this, Mr. RBthwell, what are you willing to do for mel" A slow flush arose in the ironmaster's cheeks, and despite his habitual dignity and repose of manner, he found it hard to restrain his self.command. r "Rather a strange question, Mr. Vant,"he said. "Lot me hear all these wondrous truths you speak of, and then I can better judge of their value." "No, sir," cried the solicitor, hotly. " My secret would be your secret thee, and you could reward me or let it alone according to your fancy. No air; I set my price first, and then do my work. Now. Mr. RItthwell, think the matter over. I I do all I have promised to do-reveal to you the secret of your birth, and make you a titled and enor mously wealthy man-you will give me one hundred thousand pounds when you come into possession of your lawful inheritance ? 'Mind, sir, no soul alive has the power to do this for you but me, and how this power came into my hands there is no need of ex plaininr. Will you oomrly with my demand or not? T' Mr. ?othwell meditated for the space of a minute, and then looked up with a light laugb..: " This all sounds like child's play," he said; "however, I've no objection to make this promise. If you are able to do what you state, and I ree fit to take advantage of your revelations, 1'll give you the hundred thou sand pounds." " Very well, sir," returned the other. " Ilere's pen and ink; now write me; your agreenient to thatetffect," - "I wonderif you are a madman ?" thought Mfr. Iltthwell; but he took up the pen and wrote the agreement. lIe was on the point of signing it with his own name, when the solicitor inter posed. , " One moment, if you please, sir," he said. "Sign-' St. Aubvn.' " " What?" - - -' St.:A byn. IThat is yatr name, my lord. Justin, MaequiP of St. Aubyn" The ironmaster dropped his pen and stard at his visitor. The ironnrastcr aroppca his~ pcn a~na starcd at his Fi~itOr. "Man, are you a fool or a lunatic 7" he I cjaculated. ' Neither the one nor the other, as you will find," replied the lawyer, promptly. " Sign Ps I tell you, and let~useproceed. My time is orecious."' A sudden recollectionof that letter from St. ~ibyn, desiring him to visit him at Wales, flashed through Mr. Itthwell's brain. He had not thought of it before. What, it after. all this 'man were" telling him the truth ?. Moved by an instantaneous impulse, he dipped his pen in the ink and dashed off the required signature. Mr. Vant took the note, dried the ink with care, folded it, and put it in his breast pocket. '" That's as good as the Bank of England," he said, a'greedy glitter in his small, sharp eyes. "Now, sir, we'll proceed if you are ready." ' I am ready, Mr. Vant." " Well, Mr. RItthwell," begun the lawyer, " 0ome two years ego I chanced to be in Paris, and I was called into the old Convent of the Sacred Heart to hear the confession of a dying nun-Sister Therese they called her. I have her picture here. Mr. rI?thwell, did you ever see that face before 7" Mr. Rothwell took the ivory miniature and examined it. SYes," he answered, without hesitation, "that is the face of the woman who brought me up for a while-- Ieloise she called her. self. She was not my mother, but I lived with her till I was about thirteen years old." '. Precisely," responded the other. "'You are willing to swear to t'his l" "Yes, sir, I am willing." "An important link; our chain of evidence isquite complete, Mr. l?othwell. " Now for the story. I was called in, as 1 have mentioned, to take down the confessions of this woman. I did so, in the presence of the proper authorities, and now you shall hear it. " This woman, Heloiseby name, was head nurse at St. Aubyn House, when Lady Theodoise Lauder that had been, but wife of thelate marquis, was delivered of her son and heir. This heal nurse, lieloise, ac cording to her confession, and also proved by an old Scottish record, which I have taken the trouble to find, was the wife of one Auguste St. Aubyn, a younger brother of the marquis by a secret marriage; and she, too, had a son born, only a short time previous to the L:dy Theodosia's confinement. " Well, Mr. Itothwell, it turns out that this Lord Auguste St. Aubyn, who was a dissolute young soldier, tired of his low-born wife, deserted and disowned her, and was killed soon after in a duel. "Meantime the Marchioness of St. Aubyn was at death's door, and the infant heir of St. Aubyns was placed in the care of this woman IHeloise. In her pain and anger at being deserted in her apparent disgrace, an idea cccurred to her that she would reoenge herself upon the haughty St. Aubyne. "She took the infant heir from its cradle at St. Aubyn House, and hurried him to a little cottage where her mother lived andhad charge of her own child; then she took her babe, .heson of the dead soldier and duellist, Auguste St. Aubyn, and carried him back to the great house, and put him in the young heir's plaoe, and no one ever suspected the I deception. "Thus, you see, Mr. Rothweil, that this woman's son, the offspring of he: clandestine marriage with Auguste St. .ubs, n, was reared at St. Aubyn lounre, ansd consicered the son of the marquis ; and when the mar quis died! he succeeded to the title and estates, and the world knows him to-day as Justin, Lord of St. Auboyn, and, through the death of a great-uncle, also of Ilivernoioa Court." "And the other child t" qsestioned the ironmaster, hoarsely. " The other child was reared by the woman Heloive, under the name of Edmund Roth well." For the space of a minute dead silence reigns, and Mr. Vant watches his compamon with his alert, sharp eyes. Presently Mr. lRothwell speaks. " Andis that all'" he says. " Isn't it enongh, sir 1 But it isn't quite all, to tell you the truth. This dying woman confessed that she had never lost sight of this Edmund Rathwell, lest by some chance he should succeed in supplanting her own son. She had him under her eye wherever he went, even when he married; and when his wife gave birth to a child, knowing that it would inherit the estates and title that her own son held, the more to secure him in his unlawful position, she stole the babe and had it unurdered-too late discovering that it was a tirl." My child- suer, rsed 1I" " Yes, ir ; that's what she stated under oath, and with her last breath. She re pented, it appears, and made a clean breast ,. it. And now, Mr. Itthwell, if I may venture to call you by your old name, what do you propose doing l Of course you see that your case is complete. I could have told you all this months ago, but it is arule of mine never to broach a c?se till I can see the end. This one is clear. All the proofs are under my finger- ends. Now, sir, what is to ba dorel" 31'. Rathwell meditated, with a curious half-regretful look in his ryes. He was thinking of the picture of the dead marquis. down at Nivernois Court, to which his wife had said he bore auch a strong resemblance -his own father's picture, evidently. But now without a child, or any hope of ever havingone, lhe felt but little anxiety to claim his rights. " It is scarcely worth the trouble," he said, speaking his thoughts aloud. "I have enough of the worla's goods, and care but little for its honors. But the truth should be established. Well, the best thing we can do is to go and see St. Aubyn. I have a letter from him, which refers to this matter, no doubt. He knows ofit, does he?" "Yes," replied the solicitor, with a sud de, flash in his small eyes, "he knows of Mr. Rothawell drew from his pocket the letter dated Aberdudno Lodge, and tossed it across the table. "You can read it, Mr Vant," he said. Mr. Vant read it more than once, running his wiry fingers through his rusty wig. " He means compromise," he said at last, his eyes twinkling; " that's what the mar quis means." "Shall we visit him ?" asked the iron master; " or send for him to come to Lon don ?" ' I think he has his wife with him," said Vent. " She is ill, and the doctors sent her these for her health." "In that case.".interrupted Mr. Rothwell, "we will ge..,I am anxioos to settle this matter at once, as-I start for tRomein a fort night. Shall wegos'to-moriow?" *If you like, Mr. Rothwell." Very well; to- morrow, at ten o'clock, then be it. Take another glass of port, 31 r. Vant, and rest assured that if I do make up my mind to takeb advantage of the good for tune you have 'put within my reach, you shall have your zcward." " The solicitor helped himself to a second glass, and smacked his dry lips as he bowed himself out; and the ironmaster left his private room and hurried to his wife's apart ment, thinking, as he went: "Poor Ieabel I..I muset kep anl this stra,??ye news a secret from her ishe's too weak-to hear it. And our babe was murdered I P.,or Isabel I Little comfort would all these empty honors bring to her I ' CIIHAPTER XI.. THE IIACtI DnAWING-ROON. A grey, ivy-grown pile of stone and mor. tar, on a beetling cliff on the wild Welsh coast facing the Cardigan Bay, is Aberdudno Lodge, an anti'qatcd country seat, which came down to the St. Aubynn ages ago from one of their ancestors. Up and down the long upper terrace, with the chill winds buffeting her small, frail figure, paces our poor little Dess. She is robed from head to foot in a dress of grey stuff that makes her look like a nun, but for the scarlet scarf about her shoulders, and her streaming flossy hair. She shivers at every blast of the dreary wind, and the eight of the beetling crags be low seemed to terrify her as they would a little child. But she utters no word of com plaint; St. Aubyn has brought her there, and St. Aubyn's will is her law. She is juet the sort of woman to be made a slave, and her proud, handsome husband has all the characteristics of a tyrant. He loves Bees as well as a man of hlis nature can love any. thing that belongs to him ; he is tender of her health, in his way, and would grieve to loEe ler; but lI:ss and his Italian hound are on thle same footing, and are equally obedient. "s; Anlbyn has brought her to Aberduedno Lodge for her health, and he has told her to walk the stone terrace for such a length of time, and at certain hours. Of course she obeys him, thcngh every bone in her body aches from the exertion. St. Aiebyn has ridden down to post-town for letters, and his wife is hoping for his re turn. At last he comes galloping over the shingle at a great rate, and in two minutes he is running up the stone steps. Bess hurries to meet him, her meek eyes shining with womanly tenderness, He stoops and kisses her, though his cheeks are flushed, and his whole manner deeply excited. "You've been walking as I told you, Bessi" "Yes dear." " Well that's a good girl. I daresey you'll feel much stronger to- morrow. Now, little love, you must go to your own rooms; I shall have visitors shortly, and be occupied all night, perhaps with important business. Don't venture down at all until I give you permission. I'll order your dinner sent up, and come to you myself as soon as I can. There, kiss me now, and run away like a good girl." She lifts up her meek, white face, and kisses him, and than she makes her way into the dreary old house, and up the stone stairs into a grand, cheerless chamber. There she cits in a low chair, before a smouldering fire, and rocking herself to and fro, sobs away the cheerless hours. Meanwhile St. Aubyn stands upon the windy terrace, his eyes bent upon the road below. He has just received intelligence that Mr. Iothwell and Treherne Vent are in the neighborhood, and he knows well enough that Aberdudno Lodge is their destination. He watches the river road, his eyes like steel, his handsome mouth set in a straight, determined line. For months this horrible thing has been hanging over him like an impending doom, and now the hour has come when he must meet it face to face. Only a few weeks before did the cunning old solicitor tell him the while story-let him see how irrevonably be was in his power, I and at his mercy. St. Aubyn had heard I rumors, so had many of the London aria tocracy, but no one guessed the terrible I truth, not even the young marquis himself, till one morning Mr. Vant sought him at his town house, and told him the whole thing from noginning to end. fit. Aubyn stood like one struck dumb and blind. " For mnrc)y'e rake, Vent, don't betray me," he paspcd; "don't let any more of this cursed talk get afloat. Help me to hush it ul,." The old loan oar - ively. " Help you to L .... .I :'" he repeated. S"And I've Teen nearly two years hunting up proof and evidence ? Not I, my lord I You have had y-lur day, you and your race; mire. has now co no. I hane not forgotten when I was turneoe from your proud father's door, and all for a trifling misdemeanor, that any good man would have pardoned. I swore an oath tiat one day I would have my re venge. That day has come. I hold your fate in my nands, but I warn you now to ze pect no m)-.ry." St. Aut?n bowed, but an awful terror clutched as his heart. ' You g.ill tell this Mr. Iothwell what you havo told me, then, Mr. Vant t" he asked. " I ehal;, my lord. I should have told him weeks ag(, but he ts rot in England." AO, Se}or!oo" odo the oorquis " Whti.it i A'arriigo, mly lord, at the soulthgate, nd go getloomoo to sae yon," replied the old man. 0i, Aubyn said no more. lie had laid his plans to go with his wife to Aberdudno Lodge, and he went, with the impending doom hanging over his head like the sword cf ltamoclts. Amid the wild clinf of Cardiganshire St. Aulyn thought the whole thing over, and maiie his resolve. II the worst came to the worde, he would die sooner than face the world, that knew him as a titled peer, as a nameless beggar-it might be an illegitimate son. Ee would never do that. No matter what it cost him, he would cling to his heritage, or relinquish it only with his life. He was not a wicked man or a cruel one then, but he was thoroughly selfish to his heart's core. Sacrifice for the snke of right or principle was something of which he had no compre hension. Ile looked his fate in the face, and made up his mind that he must conquer it. How, he could not determine it. But wandering through the old stone house that overlooked the desolate sea-line, a vague and indefinite idea took shape in his brain. A very horrible idea it was, and at first he thrust it from him with a shudder. But it came again, as such temptations always do, and by degrees he began to grow accustomed to its awful significance. By-and-by it haunted him like his own shadow, and at a week's end he sat down and wrote that letter to Mr. Iothwell, requesting him to come to Aberdudno Lodge, and to bring Mr. Vant, the solicitor, with him. The letter went to London, and Mr. Both. well's agent sent it across to France. St. Aubyn waited patiently, half dreading that they would take him at his word and come to Cardiganshire, and experiencing a curious seneation of relief as day after day went by and brought no tidings from them. But they were coming now; only an hour ago his valet had seen Vant andla gentleman, a ttranger, together. .Before. ?esun rose again, all would be over. His 4aleeks paled to the hue of ashes, and his handsome irresolute mouth trembled weakly, but his eyes kept their steady watch upon the sandy road below. Presently a footstep rang upon the flig stones. and his lordship wheeled round with a stattled face; but it was only old Sey mour, his man-servant, the most devoted friend he had. "Ah, Seymour 1" baid the marquis. " What is it 7" " A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, and two gentlemen to see you," replied the old man. St. Aubyn gave another start and grew ashen white, in spite of his efforts at self command. The old servant watched him with anxious eyes. He had been in the St. Aubyn family since his infancy ; and served the old marquis till his death, and now served his son with a loving filelity that was something wonderful to see. Wherever St. Aubyn went old S2ymour followed ; the devoted old servant never lelt his master's side; and if it had been required of him, he would have died as willingly and cheerfully for his dear young master's good as he lived to serve him. " My lord," he said, while St. Aubyn stood for the instant irresolute, " what must I do 1 Send them away 7" His words roused the marquis. " No, Seymour," he replied, wheeling round, with blazing eyes and flushing cheeks; " conduct them in at once. I will meet them now; and, Seymour, give orders that dinner be served without delay. Stay one moment," he added, with a curious ex pression flitting across his face. " I-I may start for London before daylight. Be in readiness to shut up the Lodge at a moment's warning. Do you hear?" " Yes, my lord," and with a sad,perplexed face, the old man went down to the gate to meet the visitors. A minute or two later Mr. Rothwell and Treberne Vant were ushered in, and Lord St. Aubyn arose to receive them. *' You perceive, my lord," spoke the iron mastrr, when the three were seated, " that I am here, in obedience to your letter received some days ago, and your solicitor, Mr. Vant, is with me. As I feel extremely anxious to have thi3 unpleasant business over, and to get back to London at the earliest hour possible, I beg that you proceed without delay to let me hear the important matters to which your letter alludes." St. Aubyn'a heart gave one convulsive bound, and then stood still. He glanced at Mr. Rothwell, and then at his solicitor. "He knows," he said, inwardly; "that fellow Vant has told him the whole story. He will have no mercy. Well, I'll have no mercy on him when my time comes." "I am much gratified to see you, Mr. Both. well," he replied, " and also my solicitor, and no time shall be lost in getting our business over. But, of course, you have no thought of leaving here to-night; there are many tedious details, and musty documents to dispose of-eh, Mr. Vant ?" with a good humored nod at the rusty lawyer. "A good many, my lord," responded Vent, rubbing his hands and smiling all over his ferret face. " Then," parsued the marquis, blandly, "since there is no hope of getting through before midnight, we will fortify ourselves with dinner before we begin. There goes the bell now; this way, if you please." He bowed smilingly, and led the way to the dining-room, followed by his guests, a curious likeness showing itself between him and the ironmaster-that family look which Iwill show itself over and above all dissimi. laritiee. "Poor fellow1" thought Mr. Bothwell, Ilooking at his unfortunate kinsman with I commiseration; " I must try to make amends Sto him somehow." The dinner passed off quite pleasantly, and Bt. Aubyn had never seemed in better spirits. Only watchful old Sermour n his air of subdued excitement, and sa he took little food, but drank wi copious draughts. When dinner was at last over, and guests arose, with the same odd expres flitting across his face, St. Aubyn said : " Order lights in the black drawing-re Seymour; we will sit there to- night." Seymour said not a word; but as he I the room to do his master's bidding he look back with a startled face. " This way, gentlemen," continued tt marquis, quietly; "it isn't pleasant climbin up tocsuch a height; but I keep my cabine in the turret drawing-room, and it contain some important papers that I wish to submit to MIr. Vant's inspection." IHe led the way out into a dark and draughty corridor, and up a winding stair way, which pierced the centre of tbohe main tower of the old house, known as the black turret, Mr. Rothwell following with unsus pecting willingness, but the solicitor looking abshout him with alert, uneasy glances, as if he had fears of being led into a trap. After a few moments' laborious climbing. they left the winding stone steps, and emerged into a large, rquare room, brilliantly lighted and strangely lurnished in black and scarlct. A chserful fire blazed upon the black tiled hearth, and before a huge black cabinet, a black narble table was drawn up, and three great chairs upholstered in black and scarlet velvet. " Now, gentlemen," said the marquis, "I beg that you will he seated, and when Sey mour has replenished the lire, and brought us some wine, we shall find ourselves com fortable. This was my father's favorite drawing-room, and his father's before him, Mr. ]t thwell," he continued, throwing himself into one of the great chairs with graceful negligence, " and during my annual visits I invariably use this aphrtmentfer business and private matters. That will do, Seymour; you may go now." Seymour went out with another startled, questioning glance at his young master's face. Outside the door hbe paused, and looked distressingly about him. " What does that queer look on his face mean ? And biscoming to sit in that black hauntedhole T' he murmured in an awed voice. Then he stood still, listening to the murmur of voices within. " I must try to save my dear young master," he continues, grrat tears trickling silently down his furrowed cheeks. !' Surely there's something wrong a-brewing. this night I I must know whatt i is, and do my duty to my master." There was a side-door at hand, which led into a small ante-room, communicating through a silken alcove with the turret drawing room in which my lord and his guests were seated. This door the old man softly opened, and gliding into the curtained recess, he crouched down in the dark. " Now gentleman," proceeded the marquis, " here is wine. tIave the goodness to help yourselves, will you ?" The wiry little solicitor chuckled and nodded, and helped himself to a glass of port. " Ah, drink it while you may, you treacherous vampire I" thought the marquis. "Your days of enjoyment are drawing to close. You have not spared me, neither will I apare you." But he glanced across at the grave t handsome face of the ironmaster, wit i feeling of pity stirring in his heart. ; " I would like to spare him, if I co he thought. "He is not to blame, and blood runs in his veins. I'll try th' p him, but I will never resign my name3i heritage." The fire shot up into his eyes agavd he set his handsome teeth close and 1". " Mr. Rothwell," he began, i' elow, a steady, determined voices. " Mrst has told you the strange story of th???y nun's confession 1" r. . " Mr. Vant has told me, my lor replied Mr. Bothwell, quietly. . . " That you are Justin, ttIrse of St. Aubyn, and I?rd of Nivernoi't, and I am the son-whether legiti- r illegi mate, is yet to be deter _ Auguste St. Aubyn and Lad Aubyn', nursemaid? ". The ironmaster bowed gravelhnd Mr. Vent looked on with exultant eye " And you believe all this, Mr. R wel l?" continued the marquis. - " I believe it aol, my lord; the Pls are indisputable." " Then, sir, will you have the kinces to tell me what course you inte, to pursuoe " Mr. Rothwell looked up with a satn flash in his dark eyes. " I don't think that I am called upon. act in this matter, sir," he replied, signi cantly; " you should answer that questio What course do You intend to purese?" Something in his smile and in the tone ol.. his voice seemed to rouse Mr. IRothwell's contempt. lie turned and looked at him with a withering g!ance. " There is but one course under the circumstances, my lord, that an honorable man could pursue." M" .r. l?t:hwell, will you oblige me by naming that course !" " I will," returned the other, hotly. " If you are the mrn I take you to be, you will not hesitate a minute about resigniog to me the title and heritage that belongs to me from my birth. That's what I should feel sound to do were I in your place, and that's what I suppose you intend to do when you summon me here to confer with you." St. Aubyn lay back in his seat, and for a brief interval his face gave token of the struggle that was going on within him. He was not a depraved man, incapable of good and noble deeds. HIe saw his way clear enough, but he shrank from the self-sacrifice it involved. He rose to his feet after a moment's sileece, his face slowly whitening. M r. Vant," he said, fixing his eyes on the little lawyer, "you might have spared this gentleman and myself all this trouble. I was willing to pay you well fot your silence, but you chose to let your tongue run. Sir, your revenge was short- lived, and mine is at hand." He wheeled round and strode across to the door. There was a key in the lock ; he turned it, took it out, and slipped it in his breast pocket. " Now, Mr. Rothwell," he said, confronting his guest again, " you and I will come to an understanding." Mr. Rothwell rose to his feet, and met St. Aubyn's excited face with his quiet, eelf. possessed gaze. " Why have you looked the door, sir f" he asked. "Am I to be held a prisoner here while you dictate your terms to me 1" " Yes, Mr. Rothwell," returnee the marquis coolly. "That is precisely my intention." The ironmaster's face darkened with anger, and the little lawyer began to quake and shiver in his rusty knee- breeches. "I am sure we can come to an amicable understanding, my lord," he ventured to say in a craven, whining way. "I know Mr. Rothwell to be a liberal gentleman, and " "Silence I" interrupted St. Aubyn, in a voice that made the lawyer start up from his seat. " Who naked you what Mr. Rlothwell will or will not dol I'll confer with him myself, and with you, too, my friend, when your turn comes." "Now, Mr. Rhothwell," facing the iron master again, " will you have the goodness to let me know what you desire at my hands e" " My rights, sir,"responded the other un hesitatingly. The marquis winced perceptibly, but his answer was prompt and bold. " If by your rights you mean the title and heritage I now hold, and have held almost since the hour of my birth, let me tell you once for all, Mr. Bothwell, that I shall not resign them. They are mine by virtue nf long possession, and mine they shallremai That is my decision." honest resign to which I ha mother's de will have the For the ep what protract and the two i Mr. Vant looks up again, in spit Aubyn was the :i " Mr. Ilotlhwell, about his handoon no doubt, and I we magnanimous and u of thing; but eurel cannot. That line me a beggar, and wor in the eyes of a world me from my youth. Mr. t ithwell, and I you claim. But is ther other cooditionse Name half, or even more than one sessions. I vill pay you w go back to your iron mines affair drop." ;Thero was in his bloue ee a treaty that touahe but he answered, wi om ae S"No, sir; I will te bought off at any price.. The world tL know the secret of my birth." "You are fully "ed V" asked the mar quie, that white, s ge look creeping over hls facb again. P ,, " Fully deeidei lr. " Will you tlk more time to think it over?" ""Not a min.il- My mind is made up, and waro \w der chanpe it." " Very welH?" lK thweej." . He wheeleAn"d, and crOEsed to the tall, black cebinc " " Now, Vant, if you please, we will examine Z o parers I spoke of," he said. His voifunded hoarse and unnatural, and therad'Wan awful look on his face. The lawyer ced it, and a thrill of terror shook from head to foot; but he np proeah s did the ironmaster, the black cabinfore which St. Aubyn stood. a I?iter put up his hand as if to take out a ro papers that occupied a small shelf, Scad, he pushed hard againet some th?l, hioh yielded with a sharp snap. The ,i-stant he leaped suddenly aside, and tH er in front of the cabinet went down n?!i dull crash, and the lawyer and Mr. rwcell went down with it. ar an instant there was a yawning black Psm, a rush of-loathsome air, a stifled, ,rglicg cry, and then the black trap-door ao slowly up, and was adjusted in its old lace by another sharp snap of its secret nachinery; and, with a face like the face of Sdead man, St. Aubyn stood in the black ,rawing-room-alone I CHAPTER XXI. L ETIASOE 3IEETGO. For a minute, perhaps, after the disappear ance of Mr. Rothwell and the lawyer into the abyes, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyes and lietening earP, and then he made a frantic rush at the door. Auand Mn.apedhsuddenly anside, and th- nnhr in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, the lawyer and Mr. Rothwvcll went down witih it. ' I'm safe," he articulated, in a strange, tking whisper, as he groped at the lock; "at'fall must have killed them instantly. FY-the turret down to the old donjn ! It is rrible to think of, though But they fort re to it. Why couldn't they let me nlon Curse this door !-shall I never get it op 't Ah, here's the key in my pocket. I for.." His nas shook, his very knees bent under him. last he got the door open, and rushed t headlong, as if'a ghost were at hie heele "Soym-, Seymour " he called, stumbling on towar*he great stairway. From aradowy corner the old man sud denly shot. "What is -what's the matter, my lord " he gasped, hfaoe not less ghastly than his master's. - . " Who said ything was the matter!" re turned St. A.sn, hotly. "Stand off, you idiot ? Why dyou stare at me so?"' " Oh, my dea young master," entreated the poor old ma. with his affrighted eyes raised to the yout man's face, " what have you done?" St. Auburn raiF?his hand as if to strike at him in his sudde rage and fear. " Will you ceaseasking me questions ?" he cried. "Nothing is the latter, only I'm going away to night-thiesour. I've had news from London. Inm:Lu *- .at once. Are you ready to shut ulahe house, as. or dered 1" The old man bowd his head, and then added, in his tremulos voice: "My lord. what bye you done with our gouests 7" " Done with then " echoed St. Aubyn, seizing his arm 'ad forcing him down to words the stairs. " I have done nothing with them. The' are gone-gone to catch the iLondon trail-and I am going too. Be auicki IHave at the horses and shut up the house, and Jon't ask another question, if you value yar life." The old met obeys, wringing his hands and moaninpas he descends the winding stairs. St. Aubynlarts back to the door of the black drawig-room, shuts it and locks it, putting thekey in his pocket, and then fol lows in oi Seymour'd steps with a strange feeling ofrelief, as if he had looked his dark nigt's work sate and secure in that turret rom. He eJSes the draughty corridor, and makes his way straight to his wife's rooms Shris yet sitting before the smouldering ash.. wrapped in her scarf, her brown hair clingng to her white thin cheeks, the tears notcet dry upon her long ashes. . Sie is fast asleep, poor, weary little Bess, ari lost in a happy dream. A vivid smile lhts her still features, her hands are casped, andshe murmurs indistinctly : " Ah, Redmond, Pedmond, is it you ?" cries Bees. St. Aubyn drops on his knees beside her chair, and takes the slender sigure in his Arms.-(T fr t nesinutd.) ,(1 ntl.prrfcewere qually . p *. *r nctor lturned pale nod staggercd when the prince told him the result of his inoqsiry ano offered to be come the purchaser of the ring at the price mentioned by the IIHarntlr merch nt, M.onsiucor, rll are very good-nvervy" snid the ncff-t?an1d you wilt, prhas, form to accept your generors offer for the reason I am about to gire. I told you the ring was the gift of my-fiae:,-?, Melanie. If vou will he eood enough to nllow me to write to her in Paris, and await her answer, should she consent the ring is yours. In the meantime n ask you to take charge of it, and if pos. sible confirm your judgment, for I cannot quite believe in my good fortune. The princo refused, then hesitated, and at last consented to become custodian of the rine. In a few dlays Drouet received an answer from Melanie, not by the post, but through the agency of that young person's venerable grandpa, who had jourrne3cd from Paris ex. pressly to assureM. Drouet that he could do what he pleased for their mutual benefit. A meeting was arranged, and the prince and BM. Drouet were alone. Five hundred golden lsuis jingled in the pocket of AI. Drouet in, exchange for Melanie's little ten franc gift. . "Here is the little box they gave me with it," said M. Drouet, taking the ring from the table and pressing it fondly, very fondly, to his lips and then placing it in the little casket, which he returned, open, to the prince. The prince closed it and put it in his pocket, The actor was evidently much moved by his good fortune, and the prince observing it soon dismissed him. The same niight M. Drouet and the venerable grandpa of poor little Melanie left the place. The next morning the prince invited some friends to inspect his new purchase. When it was produced the prince could scarcely believe his eyes ; the ring was the same in size and setting, but it was changed changed to paste that might have been bought in Paris :inywhere for one hundred francs. He sent for M. Drouet ; M. Dronet, as we have said, had gone away the night before, with the prince's gold in his pocket, and accompanied by the venerable grandpa. Theswindie was.plain enough ; 31. Dronet and his confederates had hneard,.o thli ,rr~o aslion.for diamonds, antL clubbizig,:. togetler had purchased onn of great beauty; This the prince saw, examined and per. chased; but Melanie's venerable grandpa had travelled lhot haste from Paris with an exact imitationnof the same diamond 31, Drouet sold to the prince, and the pretended future husband of Melanie exchanged it over the parting kiss which he so lingeringly bestowed ipon it. No one pitied the prince, he was so unpopular ; but no one dared to laugh at him to his face, he was so vin dictive. 