DEACON BURDETTE. WITH COSTS ON THE PROSECUTION. "Prisoner, did you kill this boy?" "I did, your honor; I cut his throat. He shot me in the car with a rubber sling, and"—— "The prisoner is discharged, and the sheriff will give him back his knife and tell the janitor to sharpen it for him." THE GHOST AND THE GRIG. My son, be uniformly serious in your conversation with strangers. It is an uncomfortable situation to be in, having uttered a merry little pleasantry, to learn, from the icy chill that congeals your heart's blood, that you are talking to that awful and human ice- berg, the man who never jokes. There is only one worse thing in the world of horrors—the man who always jokes. "WITHOUT ARE DOGS." What stuff people do write about dogs. Hear what Col. Thomas Wentworth Higginson writes in Harper's Bazar: "How many of us hold to our friends with a love as inex- haustible and as inextinguishable as that which our dog gives to us?" What rubbish is this? It seems to me that when people become addicted to dog worship they lose their minds. The dog loves the man who feeds him. You may keep a good, well bred dog five years, then sell him, and in two month his "inexhaustible love" will be so far ex- hausted and his "inextinguishable" love so nearly put out, that the faithful creature will chase you out of his new master's orchard. A man who confesses that his love for his friends is weaker, and more selfish, and less faithful than a dog's, puts a shamefully low estimate upon his friendship. I love to read the two greatest books in the world, the Bible and Shakspeare; neither of them says anything good about a dog. It isn't that I dislike dogs, because I don't; I like them; but there is such a tendency to dog worship in these weak, poodling times of pug and mastiff that a man needs a great deal of wholesome corrective. What's that? You once had a dog that— Do you suppose I am going to accept the state- ments of men who once had, or who now have dogs, as evidence? You'll want to tell me about a bass you caught, the next thing. I knew your dog; a long haired, beautiful, active, faithful creature he was, as ever made glad the heart of a boy. He used to trample all over other people's gardens and carried his unwelcome fleas into your neighbors' homes; he tore down climbing vines and dug for moles and rats under the rose bushes, and when it rained on him he smelled like the pickling room of a tannery. I know your dog. PROFESSIONAL PHILANTHROPY. "What is the charge?" asked the justice. "Well, sor," said the officer, "this man knocked the child here intil the gutter, thin kicked him all the way across the sthreet, an' phin I kem up wid 'em he was batin' him wid the tail gate of a doomp cart." "Why did you assault the child, prisoner?" "Because he threw a stone at a poor cat" "What is your business?" "I am a philanthronist." He got thirty days for sentiment and reflection. A VALUABLE AFFLICTION. "What swells your face up so awfully, boy?" "Jumping toothache." "Doesn't it hurt?" "Nearly kills me." "Come into my office," said the kind young dentist, "and I'll cure it for you in a minute." "Don't want it cured," replied the boy; "want it to keep me out of school on the race days. It's mighty rough on a feller at nights, mister, but I wouldn't take ten dollars for this tooth, just the same." THE HOUR OF TEMPTATION. "You can trust me now," said the penitent, resolutely, "I wouldn't tell a lie to save my life." "But can you trust yourself?" asked the pastor, anxiously, "a habit of exaggeration and prevarication is"—— "I can tell the truth without a struggle," insisted the reformed man, "the season is about over, and beside, some hound got into the store last night and stole my trout rod; the prettiest thing you over whipped a brook with; weighed four and a half ounces, and in 1870 I landed a seabass with it that weighed"—— But the minister had lighted a candle and gone away to get his bell and book. ANOTHER HEARTLESS EVICTION. Not alone in suffering Ireland and bleeding Iowa does the curse of landlordism make desolate homes and aching hearts. We have just learned, from sources that cannot be doubted, that young Willoughby Kitteredge Stackblossom, who has been boarding at Mrs. Hashbacon's well known boarding house for six weeks past, was last evening fired out of his "apartments" by the landlady, who retained his Sunday gloves and cane, then thrusting the unhappy tenant into the street practically naked. Mr. Stackblossom has long been one of the social lights of our city, and if his place at the suspender counter is vacant to-morrow morning it will be because the worst has come. A man can live upon worst, however, for an indefinite space of period. There is something that usually goes with worst, but we do not know how to spell it. EXECUTED WITH A PEN. Cardinal— Beneath the sliding rule of men entirely great, The typewriter is greater than the sword. Oldgold—Who swored, my lord? Cardinal— The man who received the typewriter letter; The printers who set up the copy; Whole words spelled in the space of one small m, With all the letters piled on top of another. Like to a Chinese sentence standing on its head. What sense is there in this?—"Rgw? GHops ffldwwd8" And yet I know it means '"The horse fell dead." In all the lexicons we use there's no such word As "kbfltMa)I$n1;" yet full well I know It stands, in this man's note, for "information;" I have so learned the tangled language of the thing, That all its jargon is writ plain for me; But sorely do I fear that learning it, I have made hopeless wreck of temperate speech, And lost my front pew standing in the synagogue. See, all around this line of consonants Scarred with lost capitals, the proof reader has drawn His awful circle with the pencil blue; Stand off; while on this correspondent's head I launch the cuss of our composing Room. [The cuss.] Dog gone the billy be dog goned man of thumbs. The diddledy dag goned chalky fingered loon; 'Y gum; 'y gaul; od rabbit; jeeminy pelt! Gad zooks; odd boddikins; by Venus' glove; By Mars his gauntlet; by the river side; Sweet by and by, and bo oh, baby by;"—— [At this point the caitiff slowly withers away.] —Brooklyn Eagle. 