CURRENT NOTES. Ph. Vool seemed to imply that there wis some blame attributable to the police for letting Peter M'Quadc take a loaded revolver into his cell with him. Now, <111 the contrary, we think that thin was one of the very best things the police could have done. They are modest, and do not take all the credit they deserve for their wisdom in the matter. They say it wis an accident, but it must be admitted that it was a lucky accident. Here was a man who when drunk, and that appears to have been generally, was a homicidal maniac. He went out on the day he committed suicide with the expressed intention of murdering the girl he had been " keeping company with." He wrote in his memorandum-book, " My intention is to murder you and then myself." The poor j'oung woman escaped by a mere accident, but 110 doubt she would have been less fortunate another day. Keep a pistil from a man like that '< Rather, 011 the contrary, have cells specially constructed for such as he, with stores of " Rough on Rats," templing nooses dangling from the wall, and loaded revolvers 011 a dozen ]>egs. Even supposing, as Dr. Youl suggested, that "he might have shot a magistrate," could a magistrate be put to better use than being shot that a M'Quadc might be hanged ? Orn estimate of Judge Chomley's wisdom is enlarged. He is a man who takes a sensible view of things. He has looked into the purse trick and he has found from personal experience that it is a game of skill and not a game of chance. So have we. The reason, in fact, that we applaud Judge Chomley's wisdom is that his experience exactly coincides with our own. We, too, have been had. We are able to declare beyond the shadow of a doubt that the element of chance is unknown in the purse-trick. Indeed, we were so impressed with the intelligence of the " Half-crown Man " that we once wrote a biography of him in these columns, and while deprecating his dishonesty and untruthfulness, gave him the very highest credit for his mingled skill and audacity. We thought that the Halfclown Man was extinct—that he had taken advantage of the greater opportunities of the land boom time—and that he was now living in the odour of sanctity in a palatial suburban residence, the chosen friend of high church dignatories, and with all the respectability that the possession of half-a-million gives a man. And yet with all his talent the Half-crown Man has been compelled to turn to his old game again and the Brighton Bench was so little able to distinguish between the true and the false that they convicted him of playing a game of "chalice." Chance V If there is in this world one thing more certain than another it is that there is no element of chance about the halfcrown trick. With the instincts of an old Press man, the Minister of Education seems to have got up the row about the appointment of a superintendent of the Training College for the sake of giving the papers something to write about during the silly season. Every day for a month past there is something new about it in one or other or all of the morning and evening papers. Mi'. Swindley is alternately the best and the worst man for the office ; he will most certainly be appointed, and he lias not the ghost of a chance; I10 has been nominated simply on account of superior merit and superhuman morality, says the Minister in his organ ; as a gross exercise of political patronage, says another 6ide ; and from personal friendship and official favouritism, cries a third. The Argtm declares that the Public Service Board has actually nominated Mr. Craig, who will receive the appointment in due course ; while the next day the Age and Telegraph contradict this point blank, the Age announcing that the Minister is determined that Mr. Swindley shall have it, and no one else. Swindley would thus appear to be the irresistible force, and Oraig the immovable body. When they meet we may expect something sensational in the way of a collision. In his management of this matter Dr. Pearson has proved his fitness for the position of Champion Blunderer of the Ministry. There is hardly one mistake he could make in the matter that he has not made. He has announced himself that he offered the post to Mr. Swindley, hen he had not the slightest right to make the ffer. This may have been generous, but it was he generosity of the outlaw who plunders with ne hand and gives to a deserving object with nother. He says, again, that " he made the omination with the full approval of the Chairan of the Public Service Board." I11 other ords, he gets Mr, Couchman to make a promise e should never have asked him to make—a romise that shows that gentleman to be utterly nworthy of the high position he is placed in— nd then calmly turns round and tells 011 him ! ith what hope could another officer appeal to he Public Service Board if the Chairman had lready decided 011 the case ? Again, the inister made the promise in the absence of the ecretary, who is the person legally empowered o nominate to the Board the candidate entitled o the office by merit and seniority combined. s luck would have it, the Secretary did make he nomination, but he is said to be the only officer in the Department who would have done so from the Inspector-General down to the junior clerk. And he winds up now by hinting pretty broadly in an inspired paragraph that he won't appoint Mr. Craig even if the Public Service Commissioners nominate him. Whom the gods doom, they first make mad ! It is rather amusing, by-the-way, to notice that while with an extraordinary moral obliquity of vision Dr. Pearson can see nothing wrong 111 getting a promise from Mr. Couchman in a case that was to come before liini judicially, he implies that another member of the Board, who did not make up his mind or express an opinion till he had heard both sides, is to blame. He says that this gentleman is " an uncompromising supporter of the principle of seniority and is determined to oppose Mr. Swindley's nominaticn to the utmost." This gentleman, whoever he may be, waited till he had heard both sides and then made up his mind. How very much more onvenient it would be for Ministers who wished o work oracles if the other members of the oard were like Mr. Couchman. It would leave he Public Service very much in the state it was n when every member's request was met with he historical, "All right, dear boy!" of our earoldfriend the Major of the Monkey Ministry. Tub " crimson thread of kinship" is not ore powerful for binding people together than he " matrimonial thread of Kinsman." This everend old coupler admits having solemnised 000 marriages, which makes him beyond comarison the champion marrying man of Australia. Ill a former state of existence he was probably Friar Laurence, who married young Romeo to a gill of fourteen without getting the consent of her mother ; and when his spirit winged its way to the British Islands—if he knows where they are—he must have been for generations blacksmithing at Gretna, Green, or couple-beggaring a t the Fleet. How the Marriage Service must have echoed through this mail's brain : How he must have loathed the formula of " Wilt thou have this woman V' after repeating it 7000 times ! It would have been amusing reading if the lawyers had examined the "reverend" gentleman in theology, as they did in geography. We can imagine it running something in this way : - Crown Prosecutor. — " Is marriage a sacrament T' Mr. Kinsman. —" I don't know. I know it is :30s. or less, as per agreement." C. P.—"For what purpose was marriage instituted V Mr. Kinsman.—" For the purpose of giving me a very good living." C. P. — " What is the essential part of the marriage ceremony :" Mr. Kinsman. —"Thirty bob." And so 011. However, those who are thirsting to bo made one care as little for theology as they do for geography, and so long as the law allows a man like Kinsman to perform the ceremony, so long will impecunious lovers (lock to him. There is one thing quite certain, however—he will not be allowed much longer. A bad shilling appears to be nothing compared to the way the hospital doctors try to pass on a bad rase. It was not pleasant to read this week of how a poor woman whose only crime was to be suffering from a dangerous internal complaint was hawked about from 0110 hospital to another and back and forward to the lock-up for two days before she could get the rest her weary bones longed for. The watchhouse sergeant refused to put her in a cell, excusing himself for his want of hospitality by saying that it would probably mean "certain death " if lie did so, and lie naturally declined to act as judge, jury and executioner. For some time it seemed to be a toss up whether the "certain death " would take place 111 the cab or the lock-up. The poor worn-out creature could have made herself secure of shelter if she had strength left to break a window or utter insulting remarks to the sergeant, but the shelter of the lock-up with the ease of certain death did not tempt her to break the law. I11 the end she was taken in—under protest—to the Women's Hospital, where the "rattling of her bones over the stones" will probably make her stay of the shortest. It is not jolly to be a sick pauper in wealthy Melbourne. Bi-t the ways of criminals are pleasanler. A murder not quite carried out. is equal toaprovision for life. The two men, Hassett and De Viellers. who did their level best to kill Constable Vizard, instead of being given the "certain death " that the Hospital authorities tried to sentence the poor sick woman to, are to be kept alive for the rest of their natural existence at the expense of the general community. The learned Judge, when he sentenced them, told them to abandon all hope, and ninety-nine honest citizens out of every hundred would have been pleased to see that the warning was given in good faith. But, through the accident of the man living whom they tried to murder, these two scoundrels are not only spared but are quartered for life 011 the wage earners of the colony. Let the wageearners think of that, and try and send men into authority who will have a little backbone, and who will not be led bya maudlin humanitarianism to turn gallows-birds into State pensioners. It must annoy Mr. Speight very much to see the publicity the Press gives to complaint* about railway annoyances. The public have not yet grasped the idea that, the lines have been constructed for the purpose of providing light and amusing employment for a very considerable number of clerks and porters, and that there are three gentlemen who obtain a handsome competency for seeing that the subordinates don't do it. Why do people complain that clerks and stationmasfcers will not attend to the sale of tickets and so compel people to lose trains ? It does 110 possible good, and it merely annoys and probably exasperates the Commissioners. If no one complained of finding pigeon-holes shut and tickets unobtainable the Commissioners might find it out for themselves and effect a reform, but when the public complain and growl the Commissioners set their back up and swear that we have the best system in the world. We advise perfect silence 011 faults. Perhaps—who knows ?—the commissioners will find out the faults for themselves and have them rectified. Or, may we hope, the public will find out Chs Commissioners and have them rectified 1 Mb. C. H. James, M.L.C., who is just now very much i'ii evidence in the literal sense of the term, has come to the front in the commercial race by leaps and bounds, and, although ooly in the prime of life, he can lean back in his elegant barouche with the serene contentment of a man who holds a full hand and koows how to play it. He is a native of Dublin and came out to Victoria while still a young man. He Bpied out the land with hiB placid blue eye, and after a time concluded to catch on as assistant in a country general store. Finding that his breast began to htave heavily with an ambition that reached beyond horsefeed, agricultural requisites and tinned fish, he soou came to Melbourne and started a wine-cellar in Market buildings, where, by keeping an eye on the market, coup'ed with civility and "stri"t attention to business, he obtained a fair Bhare of the good things provided for those who pay heed t> their personal appearances, and know which end of a red-hot poker to take hold of. A few years ago that same placid blue eye read the signs of the time regarding real estate. Mr. James then went his pile on the land boom, and came out on top A year or so ago he performed the "happy despatch" by going into the Upper Bouse, which has the same effect on men as retirement to a convent has upon ascetic young ladies. 