Cotteaponftence. {For other Correspondence see page 7.) SIKGLK TAX. TO THE BDITOB. Sir — In The Advertiser of the 8 th instant Mr. L, H. BerenB and Sir. A. T. Sauaders write what they are pleased to call replies to my letter of the 31st nit. Mr. Berens's reply ia merely a repetition of the same old b*ld assertion that we have been treated to over and over again for such a long time past. He appears to be laboring under some confusion of tbouRbt. He states that to tax anything the result of the labor oE the individual citizen is prejudicial to the best interests of society.' TakiDg this by itself, it would maan that if a man haB worked aod saved money and purchased a piece of land, and paid for it, and got hie title guaranteed by the State, as by law provided, he should be free from'taxation ; and if he saved more money and built houseB on it, he ehould still be tax free. Tbia looks li Serai and more than fair, bat I don't think it is what Mr. Berens oceans, for he goes on to eay : — ' We know that laud values are natural and must exist ; that the wealth to pay for them is ? annually produced by the workers upon tha soil : that we have in the past allowed it to go into the pockets of idle non -producing land owners ; and finally that we shall iu the near future divert by means of a land tax the larger portion of it into the coffers of the State to be extended for the benefit of all. We do not propose to confiscate the property of any one, but simply to prevent a privileged class from confiscating for their own bnaebt the results of the labors of others.' This para graph taken by itself must appear rather obscure to the general reader, but taken in con nection with the manifesto by anyone acquainted with the cant language of the single tax persuasion will see that the 'Llaat paragraph contradicts the first. That instead of allowing a man to hold the house and land which is the result of his labor, tax free, as the first para graph would lead him to expest, he would in reality have to pay 5 per cent, per annum on the difference between the present value of tha land and the price which the Government re ceived for it perhaps 50 years ago when it was granted to the first holder, his heirs, and assigns for ever. This tax, unjust as it is. would not end his liability. For if by the exercise of his industry he succeeded in estab lishing a profitable business and consequently enhaiiciDg the value of the premises, the whole of the increased value would be credited to the land, and be would have to pay 5 per cent, a year on the increased amount. If he retired Irom business and let the premises his rental would be so much leas. In single tax cant he would oe an iaie non producing landowner, and therefore the larger portion of the result of his industry muat be diverted into the coffera of the State. I know Mr. Berens will say that tbe owner did cot make the land, which no doubt is true enough ; neither did he or any one elee make one particle of the material with which tbe houses, &c;, are constructed. Labor can only change the form and poBition of material BubBtances— the matter haB 'existed as long as the land itself. The quarryman and biiokmaker find the stone and briok earth already in existence. The forester dropa a seed, which, in due time grows to ba a tree, which the woodman fells and tha carpenter works up ; all the other materials come from tbe earth and are prepared, fitted, and com bined with the land so aa to become one con solidated whole. Now* assuming the land, materials, and work all paid for and the owner fcubmitB to pay a fair proportion of rateB and taxes in common with his fellow citizens, I would ask who has a better right to enjoy it than the owner? Who has he filched from? Mr. iSaunders assumes that I despise everything colonial. He baa no right to assume anything of the kind. No one knows better than my self that we have in this colony some of the beat workmen in tbe world in every branch of trade; also aitUta and representatives of every profession whose work and knowledge will compare with advantage alongside of those of corresponding classes anywhere ; but at the same tune it cannot be denied there are Borne of an inferior class, so that it may ba said of colonial productions that ' when they are good they are very good indeed ; but when they axe bad they are horrid.' The manifesto of the single tax party which has lately been {ablished as a sequel to Henry George's orations comeB under the last head, sb I will proceed to prove. ^ I will first premiee that in devising a just and fair scheme of taxation for raising a revenue for State purposes three principles must constantly be kept in view ; first, that everyone ehould contribute as nearly as pos - sible aocording to the means which be p3B BeBseB ; secondly, that the amount payable by each taxpayer should be easily ascertained and determined ; thirdly, that the collection should be simple, direct, and therefore inexpensive. If theBe principles are coir ct— and I believe every reasonable man will say they are— it will be seen that the said manifesto fails very much short of tbe standard, inasmuch aa it proposes to make the iccidtmce of taxa tion too partial. Inntead of a slight rate spread evenly over the whole of the freehold and leasehold property of the colony, including the leases of the squatters and other Crown tenants, worth altogether about a hun dred millions sterling, it is proposed to levy tbe whole revenue on property valued at 20 millions only, leaving 80 millions worth of property free. To Bhov? how this would work, take 518 acres in the Teatree Gully district, tbe unimproved value of which is £5.091, or about £11 per acre ; the holder would have to pay £259 a year in taxes — a sum equal to the yearly rent— while Mr. E. Darling, of Muu doora (who 1 believe is a son of the Hon. John Daxling, ML.O., president of the Taxation Reform League), holds an estate of 5,693 acres, the unimproved value of which is also £5,694, tbe same as tbe other, yet he would only be taxed Is. per annum for the whole estate ! A veiy satisfactory arrangement for .the Darlings no doubt, but iB it just and fair to the leas favored members of the community. Is this making every one pay according to bis means, The manifesto also fails to come up to the standard of the Becond principle, inaaacujh as it is very difficult in most cases to determine with any degree of accuracy the unimproved value of the land apart from the improvements. Our present Taxation Act provides that the unimproved value shall ba taken to mean the capital amount for which the fee-simple of tbe laDd with improvements would sell, leaa the value of tbe improvements, if any. I do not eee that aijy improvement can be made on that method (if it were really neoeaeary to find out the unimproved value) ; but see what trouble it involves. It is easy enough to find the selling value of the whole property, but to find tbe value of the improvements makes a detailed valuation necessary, which is both difficult and expensive. Mr. Saunders enquires why he Ehould pay 3d. for a stick of tobaooo, when with only a protective duty of 50 per cent, he could get it for a penny. I can only say that I can Bee no reason whatever for it. In deed, I never waa an advocate for protective duties. I look upon them aa a power which enables the manufacturers to 'milk tbe conntry' (I thank thee, Mr. S., for that word) and sweat the farmers and other staple pro ducers, and yet it appears from the manifesto that Mr. Saunders and Mr. Berens are willing to uphold this system as being all right and proper and according to the doctrine of Dr. QuesnaL We shall eee the ghost of the learned doctor in Adelaide soon if Mr. Berens will persist in taking his name in vain in the way be does. Mr. Berens thinks my fears about tbe effect of the single tax agitation on tha operations of the Treasurer in tbe English money market very funny, and Mr. Saun ders gives his word that Australians will never repudiate. If that asBuranoa will satisfy the English capitalists it will be very gratifying, especially so when it is considered that he declares him self the enemy of 'drones,' the single tax cant term for men of means and capitalists, who live on the interest and profits of their capital. If Mr. Saunders had ever studied the natural history of the bee he would know that tbe functions of the drones are very necessary to the welfare of the hive, and if he has studied social economy he should be aware that society could not progress without the accumulated wealth of the capitalists. In conclusion I may Bay that I have no party end to serve. I write in the cause of juatice. I see and deplore the evils of our present system aa clearly and as much pexbapa 'as Mr. Berena and Mr. Saucders, but I aleo see that the remedy they propoEe is worsa than the disease. — I »m. &q;,, RO8T, 8. KELLY. Modbury, January 14. 1890. 