? ? A Selection id Letters of tiie Bight Sir Gfljfee FertruBon Bowen, Edited,tt, Stanley Lane-Pools, ingman, Green, and Co. THEBB axe' few books that give a greater our^colonies than die sele^o^ExIa^ir BowenV letter dëspatc" Mr. Stanley l*Afi-Eoole hiu edited " of flirty fears Çgtanial eon» Jtowen paministered with marl toctSSb most of tibë OffST -dependencies'" <>f tfie Grown, Including Quêâlsïandr'Few Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, laid ' Song Kong. The two volumes before us contain a valuable record of his work in each of ftesp-iwlofltes, fj*d"bf thepfcoblems with iwilcli he%d daal. Thepjinciple on wnich be uniformly acted,' and which was one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Impérial interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmpet to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely |ocal ponj^rn. . It was in 1839 that he was appointed the first GoVèrnor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held an appointment in the. Ionian Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's " Handbook " fpr that interesting county. Modern Greeks, he once explained to Lord PaJmerston, pronounce the words meaning "we," and "you" in precisely the same manner. "Ah, they confound 'we' and 'you' do they?" said Palmers ton. "I fear that is not the oinly way in which modern Greeks confound ' meum ' and ' tuum.' * The following extract contains an interesting description of QUEENSLAND IN 1859. "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at night in the houses of the principal 'squatters,' or' pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patriarchial style among their immense flocks and herds, amusing themselves with hunting, shooting, fishing, and the exercise of a plentiful hospitality. Iliaye often thought cially in reading Thackeray's novel. * Tfie Virginians ') tEat the Queensland gentleman-squatters bear a similar relation to the other Australians that thé Virginian planters of a hundred years back bore to the other Americans. " But there is a perfectly distinct class of pepple in the towns. Brisbane, my present capital, most resemble what Boston and the Other Puritan towns of New England were at the close of the last century. In a population of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, thirteen public-houses, twelve policemen. The leading inhabitants of Brisbane are a hard-headed set of English and Scotch merchants and mechanics—very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral country, and Sir George Bowen tells an amusing story about one of the principal squatters. A SECOND JOB. " A successful Queenslander, who became a member of the House of Commons, where he supported Lord Palmerston, was invited to one of the political receptions of Lady Waldegrave at Strawberry Hill. That accomplished hostess prided herself on her S information about her guests ; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to have greeted him with, « Oh, Mr. , I am very glad to see you. I liear that you have as many sheep and cattle as the Patriarchs—that, in short, you are a second Job.' Her guest replied : ' I hope, Lady Waldegrave, you do not mean to compare me to Job, ivhp, as ne learn from the Bible, had only 7,000 sheep, whereas I have 300,000. Job was a mere stringy-barkçrj It should be explained that young settlers, on beginning sheep-farming in (jie interior, with only from 5,000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot generally afford to build at first houses of wood or stone ; and are obliged for some time to content themselves with comforttable huts made from the bark of the socalled " stringy-bark " eucalyptus. So they were often known to the great squatters by the sobriquet of ' stringy-barkers. In those days they played whist in the wilds for Siheep points and a bullock on the rubber. From Queensland Sir George was sent to New Zealand, then in the throes of the Maori troubles, which lie largely succeeded in assuaging during his government. Like most of those who have come In contact with them, Sir Qeoqje was full of appreciation for the fipe qualities of the Maori race. The following etoiy is here given at first hand:— A STRANGE ÇPNYEBSION. "Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to meet the Duke of Edinburgh was one of the original signers of the Treaty of Waitangi in 1840, and who had ever Since been a firm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwards said to the Gpyenior, ' Do you know, sir, the antecedents oE that-old heathen ? ' ' No, my dear pfhgm,' was the reply, 'but I do know qiafi né brought five hundred of his clansmen into the field to fight for the Queen,BO I invited him to meet fhp " Queen's «on." ' ' Well,' continued the Bishop, • when I first arriyed-in New Zealand, that chief came to ine and said that he wished to be baptised, Iloifiw that he bad two wives, sô I told hiinthat he must first persuade one of them to jsfcurn to her family. He said he feared thai would be difficult, but that he would see what cnuJd be done, and come back to me In two months. When he returned, he exclaimed, 'Now missionary, you may baptise me, for I have only one wife/ I asked, * Whftt have you done wiifli our dear sister, your ftrst wife ? ' He replied, emackinôr iiij J™, * Ihacfi eaten her ! ** igjfll Sir Geojrge was promoted to where he remained until 1879, . term expired, and JsfwjB fl^gM ijem^ent of Maunt|us, the only at "the ifme. Compared witp there wM_gaite aii air of anti- __ t the ola French colony in which and Virginia had lived and loved. LABOCBDOHITAJB' GHOST. The Australasian Colonies ape too young for ghosts, but here we have a haunted chamber, where the great Labourdonnais, the famous French Governor of Mauritius, is believed by the French Creoles to walk nightly. We put a high civil functionary there, but he declared that he beard strange noises, and nothing would induce him to occupy the room again. However, next week the Epglitb admiral of the station arrived with his equation, and when we asked him if he weyH have the haunted chamber, the best spare room in the house, he said, ' I am afraid of no Frenchman, dead or alive ' ; and he neither heard nor saw a ghost during the month be spent with us. It is true that he was supported by his Flag Captain fg thç roq^fmlE^ njglifc, and by g^s Flag lieutenant |n tjie^oop on his left Thea, a ftesq^e no]se is pften heard at night at the time of nil moon, as of a carriage jSie château j and some Creoles declared they bad seen Labourdonnais pasby in his coach and six horses, with his and lacqueyB—all skeletons in the orm of the age of liouis XV. Rather Qi^peclang fiome tric^, the aides-de-camp of à former Gayemtar eat m with their swords and À bottle oï içed champagne on the Jtg&Le; ajid whai they heart the'strange noise approacKIng, they turned out tha guard with loaded rifles and fixedbayonets, and all Ballied faith—to see a grand herd of wild stage from the neighbouring mono* tains tossing their antlecs in tjie bright ^Wong-Kong -mis the last of onr dependeaoes over which Six Geoige Bowen was «ailed upon to predde. During the ytara i Ive upent there he took oocasxon to virât both China and Japan. " «There areso^jgriwdP*^^ rfcMngî'ïfit/" ' " " " Sî;#e w ^«^lyV flW almost tfie ! sort of affectionate veneration as that with which the Americans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir Geoige Bowen's colonial experiences has been to make him an ardent supporter oit Imperial federation. Mr. Stanley Lane- Poole lias very adequately performed lib task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest.— Literary World. 