A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. By w. C. P. Oob modern civilisation has devised many novel methods whereby those who are matrimonially inclined may secure bus- bunds >or wives: but we venture to<U»y that, amongst those whom singular acci dents origmrifeoifiai Jiafobrbught together, fjfewpttlfflbe difficult to mp any whose fntnihlln dermined more remarkable BiiSnctioh rijinwnDMS than thnPfceWicifi' iiiiollowingliMTn- tive. Every link in this singular chain was forged by sujerstition, and yet, as things turned out, «U ended hnjipily. Mnnv years ago there lived at tlie little English Village of Bakcwell, in Derbyshire, a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old rauii and his wife luid one daughter, Annie, a hright-eyed, durk-liaired jarijjffcixtee-ii gflod-luokbtgi <uid though possessed of many feminine graces, she could almost do n ma.-culine ammuit of work, aud was therefore a great support toiler iatbkflnd mother, he-could muuugefurm-. work of most sorts, and when that was not to he had, sjie would find something mnpJoyhermaneighbouring mine. Keces- 6anly she"cmno into contact with n good mn'ny of the rouglier sex," and, being n good-natured, willing girl, had already made eeveraJ ehnqiies!'? ' over their susci'p tible hearts, hut had never yet seen tlie one she would have liked to many. In those days, superstition was at It? height, and auv difficulty that wnnU-d aoh'ing was sulmriUod to the power of spells for divination. Most- of the ignorant implicitly believed in their efficacy, and practise'! them to a great extent. Annie was no except ion, and. voung though she wrt?,.-he had a strong desire to know hor fut ure fate Once she had even exhorted a »rir?t wlm passed that way to solve the secret for ht r. but he warned her not- to tempt the Virgin or pry into the unknown. Giprie« had told Iter fortune, but it wa= never fulfilled. All maimers of charms and incantations bad she tried, yet without success : hut for all this she did not dev-puir. aud jiluc d ::s much trust in overs' succeeding trio ns she had done in the first On St. Thomas's Eve. she took the pr- scril>ed hut unpO'dicnl large red onion, and stuck nine pins in it. according to the custom. This she did by making <1 liMn- circle of eight of them, nr.o placing the ninth in tlie middle, miming it "true love. This she put under her pillow, and repeotcd the all-powerful verse "Good St. Thomas, do mc right. Send me my true love to night, In his clotlies and his nrrav. "Which he weareth even dnv." That night, iii happy dreams, she saw the young man who was fo he her future hiifi- hand : hut the feature were strange to her. though lie wore lalmiiriu? clothes. Ever after, she looked intently nt every fresh face, to discover a likeness to her vision, hut without success. When New Years 32ve came round, sh< invited some of her young friends to come and join in merry hoiuelv pastime. All sorts of curion gaums they played, and the pleasant joke parsed freely round in n maimer that would put to shame many nf the shnin. cold. and uncomfortable recti of the pre"nt day. ' As a conclusion to th<- evening's entertainment. Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled witn what wa< called a cold pno-jt, of her own making. Jtwas made of milk, ale, eggs, currents, and spice: and lastly, but not l»n«t. Imr mother's wf-ddinc-ring was thrown in. Then each guest took a ladlefnl out, find in so doing attempted to catch tin- ring, for whoever did so wag certain to be mar ried before the next year was out. Whelh'U Annie h-:d >r» pared it with a clnirui or not. certain it i tliatslie was Uie lucky onewho fishct »' the ring; and lojid were the con- grntulations on all sides, for she was n.iicb beloved by her companions. These repeated predictions only increasM her curiosity, and she lost no opportuniiy of furl fur solving her destiny. On St. Valentiiii-'g Day. therefore, she peeiaKl through the keyhole before ojieuing the outer door, ill the hope of seeing two or more persons, in which case she would havi a sweetheart ven soon. But hatter still, she saw a cock and hen, which denoted, acorling to Derbyshire belief, that the would be married before the vcar was out. Er'TVtMng '. e,vM to concur in proi»:i-ing her marrio.1 f..li.-i»y that year, and yrl. in- , quiritive girl, she did n-u knowvhowji- ' her swe- ihi-art ! »Sh-- v:i< «ure i« was n - i unefli'' mm ever seen i» iore.i"riii" in | her dream was totally different tram any she could rouuMnWr. Thus lime went on. and site wu no wiser than ever. MiiKunuaer Eve had arrived, and she determined to carry out a bolder project thcji unv she had before. nltHi.pV-d, to confirm hr former dreaius. D was «m« which ven few girl dare do. and the 1: one that had performed it five yours before was n wild runaway whom tin-v ''id n"u care to unulaic. lint Annie was a brat- girl. nr. d dar-1 to utte:u>t it for her own satisfaction. lTern >arcnt? were uo1 avor-c to it. but let her have her own Way. fore seeing no ;:ini) : they placed great trust in tlm girl, and so feared nothing. The charm s)jc intended to perform w.:»- t3iis: to go io the churchyard at midnight, and when the clock struck twelve, lo run a similar number of time. round the church, repeating: " 1 sow hompseed— hompseed 1 sow, He that loves me he A. Come after me and mow." Tlie figure of the young woman's lover is t lion supposed to appear and follow her. As the time approached she fidt rather nervous ; but being a girl of good spirit , she brocedlierself up Tor the occasion, and ut hflf-jmit eleveno'cjock hade " Good-night " falher and motlier, witli a cheerful liBaxt. Altliougli suiierstitioufi. she wn« not n| raid, and had often gone at night to strange places wliere a man would have feared to venture near. But a churchyard at midnight is not a very congenial spot, though upon this night the moon phone brilliantly, und she could teethe old church quite plainly in tlie distance. Though fancying she saw figures flitting here and there as the moon was temporarily objured by the white fleecy clouds, she went on un- d'aunted til! she reached the little porch, and the gate creaked open at- her touch. Thongh she was alone, and almost v. islring shg'had not come, Iier curiosity end pride resolved her. She waited uneasily till the old beR clanked out its dismal sound— the signal of spirit revel pT— and the windistled in the tvees witli an -eerie snffgh:-. iRound And round the old familiar grrcyaid die sped, peering into the dhrk shadows Abe was unable to penetrate, and trembling vvitii excitement. Once she stopped and lookM iotentiy at tlie shadow of A tall pliruh wlicrclio thought she saw 'some bodily form. Her iiusginai ion was strong that riie could make out tlie feature she had ecn in her dn-ftm : but the moon gleaming forth at that moment, dispelled the illusion. Vexed with her disappoint ment, she again sj>ed on. construing every shallow into a spectre. She hud been round elex'en times, nnd was despairing of suc cess, when in tbe moonlight she saw, t h it- time quite plainly, th' figure of n young man whose face seemed to re'emble thai of her drc:m. He wore ordinary working clothes, nod yras watching her in intense excitement. If wag no ghost, but n real live human lieing. Ghe stopped, breathless, while the young man, seemingly defqjornle, walked towards her. She did not recoil, but waited his approach. Nearer and nearer lie came, and all his features np- fjeored familiar to her. At last he touched >er, aud the fascinating sjjell was broken; both xvere .then perfectly curtain of the other's. Bodily existence. His was an honest, frank face, and die trusted him "instinctively. lie was delighted with her modest beauty ; and a series of mutual ex planations -followed ; and after a little difficulty lie fathomed the secret of the blushing girl. Both consideiyfl it a decree of fatethat they had thus met; and plighted -tiieif.'aiiiQr. tiotii in tlie old churchyard, eealingit with atime-honouredkiss. . IBs appearancq, however, at tbe chttrcli waAdge to aa entirely . different cause, which ne espkiced to Annie as he iortully ded'iier Tffi fitfp'totrar udfSqluid helivcd at the little SxiBogBibf Shfddqn," four tmles off; but hid .'itcrer- before seen toduh be had bem to amea 'jefore.' Be had teAuffgingacntdyframthepbilosophy- apfjnpytflinjtootliachTor At long titno, ainfaiwv«fnlly. fried many -enoens corelieliad attempted Derhj-sliire, the itfiip tolbe japsrf by a worm — mentfoned 1i);SIiiiIcespcare in ; JPotiting. To extract it | , to a curiotis metiiod : a y dried kfad ''y wderwl ' licrbs is placed in a cup, and a hot coal dropped on it; the sufferer then holds liis or her open mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoke as long as it can be borne. Then the patient brcuthos lmrd into another cup full of water, when it is said the grub <nv worm eanieAeen in the water. This, how! ever, ltichard.Twd tried without success,' /finij was at alossswhat to do ueadiwhaia1' lielv arrival rfrom iDurhnm tdld hinftof another charm which wus practised In raofe county. Tills he wafe only too glad "to &y;,i botmre if possible jhe "love-pain, as they called tootiirtcheih these parts. Tliehnirid chnrm was this : The patient must go to the chiirc?»ynrd at midnight and bite a tooth from nn old skull, ami the pain would leave him for ox er. We haxo seen lioxv lie cmue toilie churchyard, nnd how doubiles> his " l<»xo-inin " loft liiui, nnd by a much more agreeable process. He had suen tin girl rquuiug round. the. .churcli .ionghtiforc-Iifl- reached it, and hud wondered what ii could lie. Then he rcinoinbere'l the old Derby shire cuMmu on Midsummer Eve, and deter mined to find out whether it was a spectra or not. The rest Annie know, imd how agrecahly loth had been surprised ; and when lliev airivod at her linme, mat tore were explained lodhe entire satisfactioa o! nil. It was such coincidence? as these, nnd sometimes perhaps preconcerted plans, that sustained the old belief in these customs and superstitions. Many of the village girls were noxv ambitious to "try this sovereign sweetheart charm, and for some yours after the churchyard at Bakmvel! presented a lively " spectral' up;«earancc on each Midsummer Ere. Annie's curiosity was now satisfied, and three months after her strange rencontre the was married lo Richard Random at the ancient church s)o had so successfully circled. Ioud and long were the acclamations of joy that \M-.n- raised in the village , and ihe old lell clunke-l with a merrier tone than it hud ever done' lK»foro. All rejoiced that Anno was huppy. though many wreaths nf llower.- xveiv hung on the doors of her unsucc s.-ful Iou'i>, according to Bakexx'eli custom. It only remain. to add tliut Auuiu biicame a dutiful wife, ami look event? ns they ram.-, v. itlinut ntt'unp! iug to jkvr too far into ilie future: xvhih' Richard Kamlnni xx.is nex-r again trouldeu with the toothache or "love I'fin." 