Lismore. I (Fuom oun Courksvondent.) Deoembeu 11.— I find that thoso whoso business it is to provido nows for tho Lis moro pnblio are almost in ns groat a strait as I am at tho prosont momont, for tho lasf coaplo of issues of tho local journals con tain absolutoly nothing worth mentioning, ntid had it not boon for a sort of mutual back- scratching whioh took placo over a champagne suppor in celebration of tho successful termination of tho Twickenham Estate sale, where overybody most hoartily bore testimony to the good qualities of everybody else, nnd where tho largest buyers did tho least talking and drinking, or were absent altogether, I do not know what the poor roporteis and oditors would have dono, for tho nso of oithor scissors and paste or brain tissuo is not very con siderable. Of courso gossippors genorally got somo subjoot about winch to chat for a while, and during tho past fow days it has oithor boen discussing tho probnblo result of the last Municipal prosecution — about which, of courso, opinions vary — or olso ' Tho Ghost ! ' This sonsation is ft new ono in Lismoro, and sooms to have originated in tho unsoomly prnuks of somo opossums, which found a largo rambling old place ou tho Casino road (formorly Wright's Hotol) a suitable fiold for oporntions, and so have for many months past boon frightening tho lives out of tho occupauts, who could neither account for tho noisos nor dotoct the authors of them. Ultimately tho evil bohaviout was attributed by somo imagina tive individual to a disembodied spirit, with tho result that visits woro paid to tho place at night, first quietly, by ono or two curious investigators, thon in increasing numbers, as tho story grew, until there was a band nightly to bo mot tramping or ridins: out to intorviow tho 'ghost.' It was impossible that awful mystorious noises could bo prodncod without an agency, and that was found in tho spirit of a man who had met his doath by foul moans. At first he located himBolf in the houso and refused to come out : ou view to visitors ; but ono night Frod K — — ' caught him sneaking downstairs into a deep well on tho premises, and reportod him in town, with the result that he got a lady ghost to keep him com pany ; and she, boing naturally timid in going down a dark 40 foot woll at mid night,' was reported to carry a dagger and box of matchos with her. The Lismoro public wore determined not to bo foiled by this dodgo of getting down into the bowols of the earth : in the , darkness, so they — a few of them — got the well emptied, and found — not the ghosts thoy ware searching for, -but the skeletons of a couplo of native cats', and so for tho present tho ghosts havo eluded them ; but their confederates were discovered, or rather their haunts, and some people mean to make it warm for those opossums, while they keep a striot eye about them for the chief authors of this outrage upon uuoffonding people. Deoembor 16. — The water vote notices have been sorvod upon the ratepayers, with the result that some— if uot all — of them are kicking against them ; but an amusing feature of the matter is that an exalder man who was one of the most persistent advocates of the waterworks, and did all he could to get it introduced and carried through, in spite of the wishes of tho rate payers, is amongst tbo first to protest against th6 legality of tho vote. The shop windows are giving indications of tho approach of Christmas — yet every one complains of tho extreme dulnoss of the times. December 18. — Thundor, lightning, rain, wind, and sunshine alternately havo been the characteristics of the weather here for tho past fow weeks, and it is about the only thing in which there is much variety. Otherwise our little world, generally tur buleut enough, is very dull and monoton ?ous. uur streets aro mil ot strangers, but '-they -do not appear to be here to spend iznoney— on the contrary, they appear on tthe lodkout for chances of making some. Jprevious to Hie breaking up the winners : fworet&warded; -certain prizes offered to the ipupils '0? the public school by Messrs. Balmer =and W. C. Hen wick, the former, giving -a gold and a -silver modal, which went to Ernest Peard and 'W. Oottee respectively, while Mr. Ren-wick gave £2, ?whioh was divided into eight prises of 5s each— Rose Mackney gaining one for sew- : ing, and May Best ono for mental arith metic. Amongst tho other winners were Charlotte Brown and Wm. Bate (third ?class), C. Osborn and Eittie Harrison (upper second), George Brown and Jane Road (lower second). There were two others whose names I could not ascertain, but I believe they will be published. I . notice Mr. Coano, of the H. and E. Department, is making surveys of Browne Creek with reference to the proposed flood gate. It will be a great boon if carried out. A' meeting ' was hold at Wightraan's Hotel and a committee formed with a view of offering a welcome and banquet to M'Loan, tho sculler. Muscle is at a premium in, these days. The Council propose to eroct seven more street lamps in town, a proceeding which, in view of the state of the finances, I think very unwise. The new Instructor of tho Lismore Brass 1 Band seems to have a good muster ' of recruits, and tnere is ' trumpet noise enough within 1100 yards of the post- office ' to drive a nervous man into an insane | asylum. Mr. 11. Taylor, the late Band master, is organising a String Band, and has nearly a score of applicants for instru ments in it,, so we will not want for a sup ply of tho .' divine art.' Add to this a couple of street porambulatiug foreigners, who go about daily with fiddle and harp aud hat in hand cadging for coppers. .. Those dull timos one cannot find much in the local papors to ontertain them, so thoy are constrained (like idlers at a stroec corner listening to a couple of wrangling neighbours) to run through the interesting correspondence botwoen Messrs. Bagot and M'Maugh. I do not know that the latter makes much pretentions to litorary talent, but tho former certainly doos, and in nearly v. a column's longth of the Star he alter* uately rates Mr. M'Maugh and the editor . of the : paper, while in tho course of his \- remarks ho claims a right to immunity . from' being charged with tbo authorship of ':-- an article inserted under editorial respon sibility. This is tho very consistent writer . .who thought fit to assail my lettors upon another gentleman in Lismore, having a right to do so, I suppose. However, this isra subject which intorosts fow and edifies no 0110. :-:::I obsorvo that the Mayor (Mr. O'Flynn) ' has givon notieo of his intention to try and got the Hospital rulos amended. lie will ?be alono protty well in his laudablo effort, ,- -for although this was regarded as very nocessary three or four yoars ago, all the . energetic mid determmod reformers have v' backed down.'1 Thoy woro lamentably ?v: j mistaken, and aro just as positive now that everything is us it should be. 