The Sister Seraphine SCENE.- A Content by the Sea. [?] FRANCES. BY [?]ERT PARKER. COME buck to you Sister Seruphine, 'Rock to these quiet rooms, these holy walla ; I place my hands your gentle hands between, Hera at your feet my bitter Borrow falls.; So mruiy.da.y? IJsat here as a child To listen and to learn, bo many years tatil I came to go into the wild— ?;; 'i- /. or such the world is wherol 'weep siid tcarK; [ere"l was happy, there I am perplexed ; fere was tho aha'do, but thero tho burning voice said 'Learn,' 'I love theo' was its text; ' . '-. - ??"' : ?'?;??' ?/ ? ? n<l now, alas! the lesson ia all done. SISTKtt SBOAPIIINE. ml wherefore done ? [ What grief seeks here a balm J . - ' ? peak low, through mc God listens and be VHANCES. : '??'''? ' loved him well, but he is Komi from mc ;' gave him back hie ring and I would jji? lim luck hie kisses if such thing could be ; Ie walk apart whiln he and 1 may live ; fa itooil m> proud, eoHlronv, ?o quiet there I'hcii I reproached him for his faithlessness; bailo him go und kiss her guidon hair nil leave m<! not the shame of hi< care?S ; hey told mo he was falsu to all Ills vows, hat luvc of mc had ?<:d lo her sweet face - le who hud kinscd mc on tin. lips and brows ml sworn I 'made liviiien in my place. KisTKlt Skiui-iiink. - mlyouhHifved him false! . KItANiiKM. I enniiot u-ll : ho thoiiglit. wiih hitter I Hpake angrily, tut till Ihu Unio I laved him, all ! ??? well— uuld hu not nweiir unto his loyally ? fooiily said 'Do you believe it then !' Was noi all plain? I cried, 'I do believe :' IVhat worth to question further J' once aguiii lo avid, we parted, at your feet I griove ; hia pluce iH holy, else I could aviso lucl curse them as (foil cursed in rurndi?e. SIHTKR SKIIAI'IIIKI'. isten ny child. 1 have a tale to toll, i_ talc that wakens from a buried past; !o wulilcr ever heard the Had sou-shell - hat murmurs to tho sands where it is cast; >oom-deop of lives that lie beneath the foam, t sings to beat of God's great metronome ; )f quiet dead it tolls uuquiet things, )f secrete buried from all human eyos, )f lifos last struggles, of tho souls of kings, )f peasant's faith and children's lullabies. )f messages that never reached thoir bourne. )f those that left untimely hearts that mourn. \ni hero from out that other lifo of mine tnku a nholl and hid it sing to thoe ; Mark how tho tale it tells is like to tliino. *? yonder sliips are on tho quiet sea ; or thy sake whom I love T read again " - ? ly ?o long voiceless sorrow and my pain."" '" I, who am old with silver in my hair, A sister in this convent by the sea. Was once as fair us any who are fair . , Ana loved the world and loved the sun to I laughed the days away in hope aud pride. bere wns no cloud upon my happy brow i lam the ghost of that bright self that died Ami life is graver to my vision now ; ? l-<>vecumo to crown mc, love with Donald lie mm ho hravo, the bravest of them all, "ethfaced, large-limbed, with strength no man could tame, And voice e'ear- fashiuned as a h.ittlo-call. 'twini-d nt first that Christ had blessed our AH was so sweet so full of warmth and light; 'I'll not know a chiud oouM hang above, >?wM ,„,! think that love miuht know a ... nlzht. , "c wandered by that river in the west ?hich Hows sometimes through parched'and weary plains; : . : Here c'en tho song-birds fall fiom out their Wore men's eye's death-smitten when-. ~., Drought reigna. . . ;. . "hen love began the plains, wore, full of 11;-river wm o'er arched by living ? ? maiio a huuilre-l places ?>ur love bowers, Un >li angola guarded uud wu walked bet- Jhu child it ceemed to mc so glad was I '')? heart went singing all Iho sunny day ; 'wo WIU 110 ai&l; o( w | mt oamo hy.n.l.byo,- U \--?""l t i-ned the course of all my hones away. m 1) t?o years had spent of happlnese, JWth in Donald ; liko a flaming cross . ""? love stood out as in a wilderness, ?DOVe the ehiftiog sands of human, low : Tlio time drow near when.l should place my hand . tn his and say,' 'Henco forth for thou and' I \- Tliero ia ono path, one home within the land, One hearth for both till you or I may die.' What wonder that as in a dream I walked ? What marvel that I did not mop to hear The tales they told of Death that silent stal ked ? Upon tho plains where no rain fell that ???;--?.'i'.-f. year.? .-?".-.:..-.. ?.---? Selfish was I, I did not see the sheep Dying in thousands by the empty wells ; These things seemed fur off, all I cared to keep Close to' mo was the sound of wedding-bells: There came one tale at last that reached my ',"??. oars ,' - Like the round thunder in the deep ravine ; And thou there fell a rain of angry tears Such as ne'er weeps tho .Sister Suraphinc. Tears come not now save when another's pain .Touches mysightns thine dear child ; But then my nature seemed to melt in ruin Of passion and to bear my love away. They tohl mc. that another face than mine Drow him from mc, ono said she saw him kiss Her hand and after pledge lior in his wine— I listened as unto a serpent's He had not come to mc for many days. The stock lie wrote wen l dying niul he stayed To do a thousand-duties., hut.alwuvs lle hold mc dearly who his groat joy made. Once he luvl mentioned her; a friend lie said Of his dead brother, one his mother kept lii'dear esteem, ihey called her Winlfre I And sue prized them because of him that slept. Kow their words burned my heart like iron ? bars. Was it for her lm stayed ? —Nay child be still. TListen. the yr.ive speak* but above are star* That shine intithe depths of human will; Weep untl be still—?a< it for her he stayed ? X'en as I asked it there ho rode between The sindal trees whore wo our bowers made, Where we had walked lovo's shining boils between ; A moment then before mo straight he came With words of pleasure, in his oyes the light Of—lovo for her? I would not speak.his name, i oalled him traitor, and his lips grew white. ?A traitor, Helen, that is scarce the word That should bo nsed 'tween such as we,' he ..?? said! ?:'?: - I told him then the talothut I had beard With much mad thought that came- into my head; I would not listen when he tried to speak, .His sad face only made mc angrier, Mine was a spirit that was never meek . In those days, and I said 'Go then to her, Givo her the heart caught in tho quick rebound, Lay at her feet what I am glad to lose; ?I did not eiire how deep I made the wound. Consent he could not, he could not refuse. For there 1 loft him, I but hoard the word ? ,'Helen' twica spoken, then I saw him ride Into the gleaming evening, and n bird, ?Orueii of ill, fell at my feet and .tied ;.__:.? Then my hearted melted and I kissed tho wings That death had broken, for that moment I Jfnd seen my song-bird Lore' that sits and ?sings '. . ?" ' . In its soft nest o'er true hearts, faint and ' die. ? . -? ? "???? .??'.- "??'? ?';????. And in the burning watches of that night?-'-., Repentance grew j I wished him in my sight. The morning came ; a sun of molten red."? Rose over dying flocks and hopeless men ; Now with mine own great sorrow ou, my head I came to feel for others* griofs again : A <luy of doom it seemed, there was no wind ? To'stir.the ashen pall upon the tree ; . It was a day when one wonld look behind. . To count one's sins and tell one's rosary j All nature seemed upon tho outer brink " Of circumstance in close commerce with Death; : ."'-'? ' - ? The gaping land from Heaven hod nought to. drink, ?''. . : : '-; '? And all life drew but harsh and labored breath;" ~ : '-'"'','-..,' At last the sun its iceulth reached, and then The shadows fell to eastward, and my heart ' Went with the sun—would Donald .come "again? '?,"?. I seemed to hear the dead bird sing, 'Apart I I drove him from mc, called bim a traitor, set ?Him lower than the meanest of mankind ; I knew I honored, prayed for, lovedhtmyet,. And held no thought of doubt within my mind ; I had been mad, mad with my jealous fcara. Mad as all women are sometimes.; I longed Tx> weep upon his breast repentant tears, And make atonement where Iknowl wronged. Who had not felt (lie anguished soul dcolaro Aeainut the walls that plrd existence round ? Who lias not tried tn find a higher air, * AndVcftch beyond nil humian sight and sound? To leave the stilling duties of each day. - And let the being swell to Nnture's whole ; To strike the bands of circumstance away, And watch the nplrit'B currents! peek their pole ? '? ??"'??.' - ? So lin my dccii sorrow lonced to bo ' ?":. Afar from nil Ihlnjrs ; ere the evening tide, ; v When Blill the lieut row like n heaving seiv ; From off the ground, my horse, was*brought. to ride ; '?.?.?;-?.?.-..-? ????-.? 'Folly' they said, 'to ride hi siieh'a snn, Wait foreomo cooler hour, besides bntiiow Word bad come from the' North that floods begun - ? ? " ??' ? ,';."? ??:.-?' ?? Would reach lie Bonn—what floods meant I should know. , , . ' . Nor flood nor mm T thouplit on. and I eaid 'Qood friends, enough, .I shall ride,'and I set - ?.?:-. - -??-?-?' ??'??' ?:?"?" My face tnwards the North, and let thought spread . - ' ?? To all I wonld rcmemlxsr and forent : ~"?:??. ?; Hour upon hour I rode, I did not heed Time pass, Ufa seemed to waver to and fro; Now it wai Btronpr, now like a broken roxil, ? Now scnrchlnL' for n pathway in tlie snow : Strange thought that In this angry, burning land The inward oyo should sweei> an iev I seemed tostnnd with Donald band to hand, Seeking for way into th 3 world npiin ; I cried aloud, '0 Love, where shall wo p;o7' My answer wiie a rolling thunder tone — No dream was this for clouds had gathered ?low Fir up the sky while T had mused alone 1 The air was heavy ng the hand of Sin ; My poor horse trembled in his weakness. I Had ridden fur, too f?r, my breath within Was qniverinc like the tumult in the sky ; ' I scanned the] plains^—a shepherd's hut not far ??'-, . '? ? ? ???:; ?" ??;?-?'.:?? ?. Upon the river bnnks would shelter give . Until the morning, wbilcithe skies at war Would shake their passions through their miphty'slove i— . , Rain was a word too blest now c'en to sny Without a sign.;and to I bent frnil knees/ I'pon the threshold of the hut to pray ', : Aβ would ono refuges. ; ? ' ' Upon a rude couch then I laid mo down, ? And waited for the awful storm to break ; The whole horizon was ono eiitlinreil frown, And 1 could hear the tattle lesions shake Their wpanons in thi) sky to liirhtnintrglcam, But still the rain foil not and darker (trew . The dust-swept plains: my sennee <luller grow, 1 Andero T Tcncw my oyes closed to a dream ; Ay. even while the etorm him? on the Of the steep world my ?yel Ids dosed in sleep : Twos so weary—as it T<elho's seilce We'ro thorn my resting plneo, my donjon keep. I dreamed of Donald, dreamed he came again And stood beside mc, but when I would toneh :.-.???. ITis hand h? showed mo on Ifc a red etnin, And said, 'Tμ ! I have loved tlieo, dear, too much ; N AVe meet no more, npon the cnrUi no niou; : Far off l shall behold thee,' —tin.** ho passed Into tho sunset, and I heard the door Of Life closo sharply ori my hopes nt lust! I cried but in my helpless agony, ?Donald, O Love, come back I' 1 only know A rush of wnters n? it mighty sen Swirled round mc nnd—ah I God but it wns ? ? ' ' true I : I walked to finil the but n swaying wreck; To know thnt now tbo river wns. afloml, And nil the plains wave-washed iw Ib ii deck By some va?t sea, that no ship litis withstnoilj:.. And I bad slept while nil the land was swept AVith writhing elements—Ab I conld I find,.- Sly horse ?'Nay, he bail better vigil kept, . And hail fled down tho pathway ot the wind ', \yhat need to tell of how the current drovo The mass to which Icliing'agnliiHta tree, And Jluc'iiic; refuge in iui arms lstroyu To liiild my soul In strength for what might lie - Ah I that.long: night when wind and. rain blow round The darkened world, and my soul drifted too From polo to polo, while I conld hear tho ?sound. Of spirit voices all the chaos through ; 'Lost, lost, , they cried amid the tempest's roar ; Ono with hit voice Biiid o'er and o'er my niuno ; A thousand.seemed to cry, 'No more, m> ? ' more!' Anil all their accents were of hitter blnmo. At last, at last tho moruinc broke, iinil then Tlio storm ceased and the fighting world gruw ?,: '?' calm; .?':'? , l " '?'?'? The sun uhone out o'er all my paiu again— My pain that never more should know a halm. Slowly the waters climbed about my feet. And myriad thoughts arose of dread and ' death, '.: The outer boande of being scorned to miiet And brush my npirit to iU latest breath ; I laughed a littlo in my ngony, The sun laughed back' in very wan tonne?; I cried. Come, Donald, come! I give to thee My last kirn c-ro I leave lifo'e wretchedness !' r heard the wild-duel: mailing down tho eky, A pelican sat atlll upon a limb '? And gazed all'day to nee mc faint and die. While I prayed to my God and thought of Arm. I did not heoil tho passing of the hours—" ?'.' All things seemed timeless, but I saw the sun Creop u> lie rest, and then I said, 'Loves ' bowers, ' ',; ''-?. Donald, arc dark, and life and love ?ro done ;' .Then I grew Mill, how long Tcannot tell, , I waked to hear a voice across the wave . Calling my name—that voice I know, so well, That 1 should hear though laying in my grave: 'Donald ! ah, love!'—l thoiighlhisspiritcame To pas* with mine behind the sunset bars, And we should bo the same—ah, just the same In the love 7 gardens closer to the stars :'. :.?, Nearer the voice came, then I saw his form ; It was no spirit, 'Uod be thanked !' I cried ; His boat moved slowly, as a ship in siorm .7 Breasts tho mad wind and struggles with the -? . tide. : ' ???;??; .???-. . ':.- ! i ?'.?????' '". '?? At last besiile.me drew the boat, and I J Fell forward to his arms with one glad word : He leitsed mc, saying, 'Love, for thee I die, . And then he fell as fell the stricken bird. Iliood ! there w.is blood upon him—on Wβ ? : ' : hand " ; , ? .'" ?'. r ';???'? ; '.-' ?"'';!??_? "? "- That in mydrcam I saw held out to mc I His neck was thrust as hy a broken brand. His body was bathed in a scarlet sea ; , I lifted up his head, .I.kissed, him there, \ 1 prayed for one" word ere lie passed away; His dear eyes opened to my anguished prayer, And then he faid, ? t lovod you dear (ilway, There was none other—it was all untrue, ? They wronged mc, but I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch that .pierced mc seals it too Forever—kiss mc dearest ere I go ;* And so he died j and all that day his 'head I held and smoothed his hair upon his brows ; I could not come to think I hat he was dead, I told him o'er again my loving vows.;. We drifted 01, silent through silentM|>ace, Like spirits flo.ilinc; on an ether sea ; . " ' They found us in the morning face to face And took mc from him who had died for .mc. No need to tell how death (ell on him, how With a bold swimmer's slrokes he fought the To reach the boat that is his coffin now— How the branch pierced child, to my side I '.'???. -'- ? v Let mc drop one tear on that ancient grief. It is bull right,'perhaps,'God knows ihe.bcst ; 'Tis that alone that gave my heart relief; I keep my place here, and he keeps Jlis rest. I left the world, I built this convent home, -.Here'l have lived through thirty changeless years ; - ."- 'V. 1 fere,'a.Vnne.walches'a swift Sin in foam,' Sn wntch I all poor human strifes'arid fears ; .- Speak to mc, child, is then thy lesson done, Is love to be to thee a setting sun ? : Frances. -I aiii-gruwii wiicr, Si?l?;i-.Si;f..|,Iiiriu;"-:??"-,-'- —' To-day I shall send for him nnd shall make ,-Pardon my plea.' .. . ;'? Sister Sbraphine , Now Heaven is good ; between Mc and that life the new life'a folds I shake ; They shall not stir again, none other be So near the dead self that your sweet eyes see. 