MRS. BIRTLES BOARDERS. . By Robert P. Whitworth. Chapter IX. Darkest Before Dawn. In the excitement ana gratification' of Miss Tulk's success, I had almost forgotten the locket, and the mysterious man of the racecourse, until I „ was re-,, minded of it one day by Mrs. Moss, who had come up to see her friend, Mrs. Birtles. It was a hot day in March, and I was just putting on a dust coat prepara- tory to going out after breakfast, when the Jewess came iii. . ' "I should like to have a. few words with you before- you go, if you please, Mr. Grant," she said. - " Certainly, Mrs. Moss," I replied, returning to the dining-room. " You remember that locket ?" she began. "Yes." v .V " Well, he's been again." " Again— where? "To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was a watch, a gold repeater, a real Breguet, veryt old- fashioned, but oh ! such a -beauty, v Set? round;: with j brilliants and a coat of arms engraved inside: the case. ' I couldn't bring it with me, you know, because .the gentleman might come in any moment to redeem it.., Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly- don't." There was a diamond hoop ring, too,, and a bracelet, , but they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the lot." - " Are you sure it's the same man ? " I asked. "Oh ! trust Manuel for that. He never forgets a face, if it was ever so. " ; „ " Well, what do you want me to do ?" I said. "Come round and see it. Perhaps you can make it out. I believe you law gentlemen understand coats of arms, and such like. I don't, more don't Manuel.". I promised, and called that very day. Mr. Joseph- son knew me through his sister-in-law, and took me into a back office. Unlocking a safe he took out the watch, which I saw at first sight was a. valuable, though old-fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of the science of heraldry, I examined the arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make out, it was, technically speaking, as follows Gules, . within a bordure, engrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lion passant or, supporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gules. Motto, " II amani nihil alenium," and surmounting the escutcheon was an. Earl's coronet. I took a note of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to the Public Library, consulted " Burke," and there soon found what I wanted. " Yes, there it was all correct. The armorial achievement of the noble house of Chetwynd-Talbot,' the hea.d of the Catholic houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestionably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly somewhat staggered. What connection could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family ? And yet the portrait, the initials, the coronet on the locket, this strange man, seeing whom I felt convinced had been the cause of her fright, and who had seen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had done so, months had gone by, and lie had made no sign. What was this mystery ? I was determined to fathom it. But how? What business was it of mine? What right had I to interfere ? Clearly none. If Miss Tulk had a secret, and chose to keep it, it was worse than impertinence on my part to meddle. And yet with a lawyer's instinctive wish to ferret out things, I longed to get to the bottom of it. Ah-! the mystery was solved, and by me, too, sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I was preparing to leave the house, I was speaking to Miss Tulk at the time, a knock came to the door. Miss Tulk started with a vague presen timent of evil. Joanna went to the door and entered the room, announcing, "a gentleman to see Miss Tulle." The visitor followed close at her heels, and closing the door as she left it., stood with his back to it, gazing at the poor lady with infernal malice. " So, madam, I have found you ? " She was as white . as a ghost, and staggered, supporting herself by the mantelpiece. " Do nob leave me, Mr. Grant," she gasped. " Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will leave you pretty soon if he consults his own interest.' That is to say, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window," he retorted, with a sneer. I could have killed the man. I felt that. I was accounted one of the best amateur wrestlers and boxers in Melbourne, and I liad youth and stamina on my side. He had neither, for although he was tall, and had once been muscular, I knew too much about training not to see that dissipation had rendered him flabby, and comparatively weak and short-winded. ?L therefore replied calmly, " As for that, this lady has requested me to remain, and remain I shall. So far as throwing me out of the window goes, I should ad vise you not to try it." He moved a step forward, as if to put his threat into execution, but he stopped, measured me with his eye, and thought better of it. " We'll see about that' later," he said. " Who is this insolent ruffian?" I asked, ignoring his remark. He laughed a low, fiendish laugh, and said, " Ah ! just so. Who is he ? This low, insolent ruffian iB that woman's husband. Let her deny it if she can. And now, sir, who are you who dares to stand between a husband and wife, and prevent their little endear-' ments and connubialities. " This was spoken with such an intensity of malignity, that I almost shuddered with honor. "Is this true, madam?" I asked. ' " Yes — no — no," and the words came falteringly — " it is not true. That is, I married him, but— oh ! I cannot tell — the shame of it would kill me. " " You lie, you hag," he said, brutally. " I do not lie— oh ! Mr. Grant, I do not lie. " Lie," or no lie, you foul- mouthed scoundrel," I in terrupted, " you'll keep a civil tongue in your head to that, lady in ray presence, or I'll break every bone in your body; You threaten to throw me out of the window. You can't, and you know. it. I threaten to kick you into the gutter. 'I can, and ' I . will; So be careful.1' ' " " Who are you who are so scrupulous ? "' die asked, with a sneer; " who are you to interfere between a woinan and her loving lord and master.? " " I!1I tell you if- you want to know," I returned, " l am connected Avith the law— the criminal law, if youi know what- that means. I am that much profes sionally. As a private individual I am man enough to protect that lady, or any other woman I hope, from a- brute. " - v.-. My reference to the law was a bow drawn at a ven ture, :biib I'saw by the whitening of his lips that my arrow had pierced the joints of his harness. . . <:.. He laughed, but forcedly.. "Then if you 'are a lawyer;" he said," " you know that you must.' not meddle between husband And \vife." " The lady denies it, and I believe her," I said, calmly. ' 'Helbecame doggedly? furious." " The lady — the lady , willfsay anything, curBe her !;" / ".The lady will: speak the truth, I know that of' her," I retorted. " He eyeel "me with a curious scowl. "You know," be said, what do you know ? — perhaps she has. told yon." "No ! No ! No ! On my soul, Edward, I have ne\C.r breathed a whisper of my shame to a living soul. X have never mentioned your name nor your existence. As there is a God above, I have not." The poor .woman' cried. " I have hidden myself and my shame: and my grief in poverty and obscurity, and hoped I should never see your face again," and she burst into a flood of tears. " Come, this sympathetic business won't go idown with me, you know," he said ; " it may go down with some people, but I know you, my lady, and you know me. Are you going to leave this cursed hole and oomc with me, with your devoted Edward ? " aud he accom panied his brutal sneer with a fiendish grin. ? ? 1 " Oh no, no, never. Leave ine in peace, oh, for God's sake dp. I will give you all I have. All ! It isn't much, but you shall have all if you will hutlea'ye - ; : ine in peace." v "Yes, the wife to live in luxury while the husband . starves. Oh, I have heard of you. All aboutjyou. The' talented authoress, whose latest compositions have created such a //wwe in musical circles. Well, paid, too, I'm told. That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard up just now." ; ? , " And would you rob me of my very bread. 1 Oh ! Edward, you would not do that, and after all the ill you have wrought me ? " ,c; J " No," he replied, with a sardonic smile, share it together— love." "Never, never," she cried, roused into fury by liis - last- taunt. Edward Curtis, if that be your real name, for I know not even that, listen to me- now. You have at last driven me to bay, and I care not if 1 I proclaim my wrongs even in the market place. .1 hated: you, I feared you, now I despise you." " Quite melo-dramatic, I declare. What a figure you will make on the stage, when I place you there, my dear Beatrix. " " Beatrix ! " I had stepped forward to smite the / cowardly savage to the floor. That word saved him. It was the key-note, the missing link. It flashed across my mind like a ray of light. The portrait, the , initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Chetwynd-Talbot. Great Heavens, what a revelation. She went on in the torrent of her passion; The fiery, blood of the Lords of Alton had come to the front, and no mistake. " Look at that miserable ruffian, that cowardly bully," she said," "lie married me when I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole me from my father's house, and married me in Scotland, he did, Captain Edward Curtis. A fine captain, cashiered for pecu lation, a roue, a gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed my mother, and earned, my father's curse. Oh, that I had torn off the ears that listened to his lying vows, had plucked out the tongue that made the fatal promise. We went to Badeii, Hombourg, Ems, every where where there were pigeons to be plucked. God help me," and her voice died away' in a piteous wail, "I did not know it then. I . was young and innocent. Ah me ! He robbed me of my last farthing. Then he stole, yes stole, my jewels, for I had jewels, plenty, and ' I took them with me when I eloped. Arid all this time he had another wife, alive. I learnt.it afterwards, after the poor creature was dead. I knew it, hut I could not prove it legally. He had married her in France under another name. > When I charged him with it he laughed, and dared me to do my worst. Then he, oh Heaven, I cannot speak the disgraceful words — he would h»ve sold me to eternal shame, but I fled, fled in hungei Aid poverty with my dying child, my little Beatrix on my breast. I wandered, I know not whither, for I was mad after my baby died. The light had gone out of my life for ever. People were kind to the half demented woman, aud I earned a subsistence by my musical talents. Once I met him in Munich. I asked him for charity, for I was hungry, and lie spurned me with a curse and a blow. Then I sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that crime on the brink, by an an angel in woman form' who sheltered me, and made me up a. little purse to take me home. I went penitent and broken hearted to my father's house, hut he would not see me. He sent me money, some money, and hade me begone. I came to Australia to hide my shame and disgrace in another land and under another name. My history since that you know, Mr. Grant." "Upon rily word a very pretty story, and very effectively told, for the stage, only it lack's one element, namely that of truth. This mad woman's story is a tissue of lies from beginning to end," said Curtis, coldly. " One portion of it is true at all events," I said, " that you took this poor lady's jewels, and that you have pawned them, I know." He looked at me , curiously.., " You know ? " tie asked. I looked him square in the face, and said firmly, "Yes, I kno(w, John Johnson." i . He started as if lie had been stung, and glared at me savagely, " W hat the devil' is the meaning of this \- jugglery," he cried. " What do you know ? Who aire you? " Never mind that. Never mind what I know. I know you. That's enough. , Now do you know what being shadowed by the detectives means ? " ' ' He gave a long disconcerted whistle, and his jaw dropped perceptibly. ," Then perhaps you know— " " I know who this lady is, and was, and what's more to the purpose I know who and what you are. Why man I saw you on the racecourse on Cup Day and who you were, with, and what you were up. to. I saw you pledge a(gold repeater watch, a bracelet, and a diamond ring in Bourke Street, the other day. There's a locket too that I know all about. The arms on the watch and the coronet and initials on the locket are pretty straight evidence that they're not your 's, at all events." " But they were my wife's," he said, turning to a sickly paleness. "Bah ! don't be absurd. Do you- imagine a dis tinguished swell mobsman like you can travel Incog nito. No, 110 more than you could if you were a prince, or an earl. Besides, we happen to have a few French detectives here, and they're generally thought to be fairly fly." This was a pretty tall game of " bluff " on my part, but every shot told. His nether lip trembled, and he said in a low voice, " What's the lay ? " " That you'll know soon enough if you don't clear out, and that quickly too. Would you like this pretty story told before a police magistrate ?" He absolutely trembled with terror. " You're a poor cowardly rascal after all. Don't be alarmed. You're not required just at present : but if you are >ve lviiuw « 011 liluuii wiieii <11111 tviieie to ic ty our hands 011 you. Now you can go ; but mark me now, if you dare to annoy this lady again, by word, letter, or message, you're booked sure, and you may guess what that means. Now go. Stop though, hand me over those pawn tickets for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chetwynd Talbot." He was completely cowed, and handed them over switli trembling hands and without a word. S During this unexpected denouement, Miss Tulk, as OI still call her, stood gazing and listening like one in ca dream.. The tables were so completely turned on 3ier persecutor that she seemed as if she could neither uunderstand nor believe what was occurring. But when the man slie had once loved turned to slouch away, all. the pity of a great woman's heart £ vvburst forth in. its tenderness. " Oh, Edward, that it " '!®sliould come to this, to this, at last. An outcast and -a vagabond on the face of the earth. See, here is pioney. Twenty pounds. It will keep yon from starving and from temptation. Take it in Heaven's cname, and reform. See here, too, is a lock of baby's air cut from her head as she lay in her little coffin in iar-off Germany. When you are tempted to evil, look at it and pray for help. And now go your way, and may God, in his infinite mercy forgive — you — as— I— I— I—" ' He slouched out without a word, even as she spoke, and, with true womanly inconsistency, she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully, and then fell in a dead faint on the floor. 