CURRENT TOPICS. TnE carrying out of the resolution movod by Mr. Traill in the House last night with respect to attempts alleged to havo boon made to bribe some of the members to sup- port a Broken Hill Water Supply Bill will,' tho pnblio have been informed, interfere .with publio business. No doubt it will, if what is meant by publio business is the Ministerial programme as sot forth by Mr. M'Millan a couple of weeks ago. i -But for such a purpose the programme ought to be interfered with. The honor of Parliament is of more importance than the Federation question or the Local Govern ment Bill, and when that is at stako everything else should be made to give way to free it from the stigma oast thereon. One of the papers published in the oity has distinctly stated that some members wore offered certain valuable consideration if thoy would support the Broken Hill Water Supply Bill that was intro duced by Mr. J. P. Abbott. The chargo was made under circumstances that war ranted many people . in believing that it was not wholly imaginary, and the belief of these people has received confir mation from the statement made by Mr. Edmunds, when speaking to Mr. Traill's resolution, that in connootion with a rival water supply soliemo an ' effort had boon made to bribe him. It is quito right that the editor of tho paper alluded to should be brought before tho House and required to give proof of tho serious accusations made by him. And when lie has given his testi mony it may bo hoped that Mr. Edmunds will also give full information concern ing tho bribery experiments of which it was designed to make him the subject. He was under no obligation to say what ho did last night, but having said so muoh hiB duty is now to tell all that he knows. The namo of the person who approachod him should be mentioned. This course is necessary to prevent the future temptation of members of Parliament. When it is understood that the names of persons who may try to corrupt the repre sentatives of the people will be made public attempts to purohase the votes of the latter will cease, for even tho most unscrupulous amongst men aro afraid of publio obliquy, which of course would happen to them if thoy wero proved guilty of such practices.' 'If the House should satisfy itsolf that the charge made by Mr. Edmunds, and that to which Mr. Traill directed attention are true, it goes without saying that neither of the Broken Hill Water Supply Bills now beforo tho Assembly will have the ghost of a chance of being- passed. After all we are to have an opportunity of witnessing Sara Bernhardt upon the Aus tralian stage. It is owing to the enterprise of tho Theatre Royal proprietary that this treat is to ho afforded us. Sara Bernhardt is, it lias boon freely admitted by all who have had the privilege of view ing her impersonations, tho greatest actress of modern times. She sustains all the grandour of reputation of tho great serieB of actresses who have adorned the Theatre Francaiso since Moliere's time, and. has been esteemed at least the equal of the great Raoiiel. We often witness good and even great acting upon the boards of Australian theatres, but it is a long timo Binco we have beeu visited by a theatrical genius, and ' we have never had a viBit from one possessing tho surpassing qualities of Sara Bernhardt. Tho great Parisionne is an actress whose displays are an education to tlieocoupants of tho auditorium. We may fairly folioitato ourselves upon tho prospect before us. It has several times been rumored that tho grent tragedi enne would visit these colonies, but on each occasion the report turned out foundationless. Tliero appears to bo no mistake about it cow, and thiB actress will bo tho most illustrious of the very consider- able roll of distinguished professional and artistic people who havo paid us a swallow's visit within recent years. It is very evident that those who havo visited us and then returned to their old- world homo must havo givon a very favorablo account of us. It is now generally recognised that wo havo somo vory fine social qualities of our own, and have as wall a population numerous and prosperous enough to crowd our theatres and concert halls. Moreover, it is allowed that we havo sufficiont esthetic appreciation to rccogniso tho choice and excellence in art in its various forms. This is what invasion of those shores by so many great artistic people signifies, and it is pleasant to think that tho world outsidohas recognised those qualities, upon tho possession of which wo have as yet liardly begun to flatter ourselves. 