LAUNCESTON AND) THE NORTH The i 'in the " . i re , i . OUR SPECIAL LETTER. * ' j J ?--z- 1 1 , At the, recent sittings of the Criminal Court we were treated-' to two more examples of those judicial blunders to in Inch attention hîtf^jilready been called 1, refer to the bringing up before His Honor the Chief Justice those men charged with prize fighting It is stated that the existing law demands that this course of action be taken but if this is so, then the law wants amend-) Eng It is the A series farmers put the whole machinery of the Supreme Court in motion over such charges, to say nothing of the expense the colony is put to in summoning witnesses, etc The men had a quarrel, and Wintj trip the Wish to have it out, a thoroughly English way of settling their little differences They took their si conda to see fair play, and after it was over shook hands, and no doubt had more respect for each other after No very heinous crime, certainly and if the law was infringed, and its majestic required i vindicating, the bust Md/»anwiest method would have been to have had them up before the Magistrates had dealt with. summarily. Far more serious charges are dealt with in this manner, but this is dubbed a prize-fight, and the information laid under the bdoUou of the law dealing with these offences, and after A lot of needless trouble is gone to the men are practically discharged, and everyone present endorsed the view the Chief Justice took This makes the fourth case of a similar nature that has occurred here lately, and it is just about time the curtain was rung dawn on the farce either by altering the law or laying the charge under some other see tion of 'the Act Another instance wherein the Chief Justice's view of a case met with hearty .jppeovaülwaathat of Wm. HlmgBwoith, of the Main, Line Hotel, who administered a well deserved chas,tismonte to a young blackguard, who behaved in an outrageous manner. in his licensed house, but an fortunately for himself, bit too hard and broke the offenders jaw, "Send him tight,'' was the public verdict, and short of the injury, that of His Honor as well But they in oats Feature of the case that did not crop up, and yet requires some explanation The offence ever used on a Sunday, and the question, arises, what were the plaintiff and his companions doing-there on that! day, and who supplied them with liquor' It was evident that one at least was in a beastly state of intoxication, and it can hardly be contended that they were lodgers The plaintiff, no doubt, got what he richly deserved, wind If the defendant was placed in a very unpleasant and somewhat ignominious position, it would appear that in a measure has brought it on himself. It was not long ago that a parent complained bitterly to me of the action of some of our publicans., , young fellows with their wage jp lie/f pockets get into hotels on Saturday might, and if they stop too late a most >>tlici;ly.paro is exercised in providing them trlth'accomrr.odation-thetis so long as they have any money left. It is the old story of the spider and the fly, and if the former «¿netl'rhcrf frets his web sumac ed by an nUeírepercus insect he has only himself to blame. The Prince of Wales Birthday was entirely given up to amusement, and there .vTOTiOTCttBon to complain as to the variety offered From a "race meeting to Sunday School picnic, from a game of tuiuiV to a volunteer encampment there was surely Anriieclioicoforovefyouo. I- One the best features of the day was the children's picnics. Monday 'was essentially the' children's day, and in hundreds they congregated at the variois''soh'o'ol doors, their faces glowing with excitement, and radiant with the liXpeotetion'of the pleasures to come, and to see them trooping home in the evening with their happy, countenances pourtraying- that expectations, had been fully realised, sun IbOrntand ttditlle'fugged,.but still unwilling readmit that they had had enough, amply isroaidithoir teachers for their trouble. At the enoaMprr.ent at George Town the hottest nearly two men gave up their time, and at' considerable expense undertook camp duties tMlaly for the love of the firing should be a Britisher to those who in the Assembly are constantly sneering. at the volunteer move-, cement. Perhaps their inclinations, had they been in Launceston that day would have led ' taken to Newstead where a lot of men. and boys who, forsooth, designate, themselves in sportsmen were employed chasing half dazed rabbits with dogs on which no end of trouble had been spent in their training. . Sport-it is a libel on the very name I cm fully realise the spirit that animates a sportsman in a hunt, say in the open, after a kangaroo, when he sees the dogs with necks outstretched and every nerve and fibre strained' race in pursuit of the game that is bounding along five and twenty feet at a time in front of them. And it is little wonder if his blood tingles as he grips the saddle tighter, and caring little whether It is brush, post and rails, 01 logs in front sends his Dargalong OF hard as he can lift, heedless of every thing so long as he is in at the death. There is something worth living for in a half hours' burst after a flying doe, some thing to set every nerve tingling with excitement, but to sit down and see rabbits that have not a ghost of a show of getting away torn to pieces one of for another, Bah It is a sickening, revolting game altogether, The ladies' tennis match is worth a line to itself. Despite the fact that the Southern ladies were beaten in their first attempt to uphold the dignity of their portion of the island they made an excellent show. We know that it is a hard matter to get the best team together when a match is played away from home, and it app^hre'd-to be so in this instance. " They are two of the best players on the ground, was a remark an old tennis player made to one, referring, to the ladies, who won' the" only sets that the South annexed, and frail had been as good we should have had all our work cut foot to win."' Certainly they be done their best to carry the laurels " down South' and the games' were contested with a spirit and eagerness that showed both sides were very much in earnest. This was especially observable in one or two of the players, and If 'the game went against them-well, I would be charitably inclined to put it down to "luck" were it not that it would detract from the merit of our Northern bellos," The latter deserved their victory from the fact that they played a more even and a better all round game, and in tennis, as in other games, ' it generally falls in the end. 'It is to be hoped that the game played here is only the first of a lengthy series, and that the annual North and South ladies tennis match will become an established affair. The opening of the new pavilion in the 'City park marks an epoch in the history of our city, for do not the chronicles say that the hall In it is the tenth largest in the. British dominions. At present it wears an unfinished look, for the northern portion has yet to be added, and it also has to be plastered, but as it was intended for exhibition purposes, the aim was to get as much ready as possible in time. Now, however, with its postponement, our City Fathers will doubtless go the whole hog and fix it up straight oils. The building is of brick, and is expected to cost, when finished, about £10,000, which will come out of accumulated savings, the very idea of which is enough to make a Hobart alderman's mouth WAter, for judging by reports they are better at accumulating debts than anything else. (I may be forgiven this slight ebullition of North v. South spirit, seeing that it is so much in the air, and it's a thing I don't usually indulge in, but It isn't every day such an unctuous morsel comes in the way to crow over.) The hall itself is 150ft. by 60ft, and 45ft. high to the top of the main cove, and will seat about 2,000 people, whilst the galleries that run around it will provide accommodation for another 500. The stage at the southern end is 70ft. by 30ft., with a 40ft, opening, and at the back of this again is the organ chamber, in which the instrument that so long remained silent in the Mechanics' Institute [is to be fitted up after undergoing a thorough renovation. There is ample room under the stage for dressing rooms, and the ceilings and internal work are composed of I clear pine varnished, with Huon pine and blackwood decorations. Seating accommodation is provided by a thousand Austrian chairs (fine weapons in an election squabble) and some forms in addition. So much for ; its good qualities, to which must he added the fact that the acoustic properties are excellent. But (there always is a but in matters of this sort, I am half afraid we have bean rather extravagant in our ideas especially as regards size, and that a smaller building would have suited the requirements, of the place better. It is just the thing for a Mayor's fancy dress hall or a Sunday School anniversary (even though the first one was hardly a success from a monetary point of view as the subscriptions hardly averaged threepence I a head), but 'then,' they only come like angels visits, and unless our newly" formed Reform Club succeed in! galvanising the body politic into something like a living subject, it will be many a long day before it is filled with Eager or enthused justic politicians. But should any of the, meetings terminate in a free fight there will be a splendid field for a good set food and plenty of back doors for the least courageous to step out of. Then there's that to war that even sunday coats of plaster and a bran now flagstaff' cannot have the dear formity of. Theatre bitter pill to swallow,' and since it has been erected Ave have almost taken a liking to its variegated cousin at the Post Office, evidencing that there are degrees of absurdity even in 1 towers, and that the greater blots, out the lesser, The cost of the structure so far is about £5,COD, but when finished it will cost about the first alarmed sum." J^I,rs,f J T Farmilo is the contractor,, and has lost" no 1 line over his work seeing that the foundation stone, was laid in April last. " j . , " " ? ' 1 