LEONARD LINDSAY; o0, THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. ANGUS B. REACH. CmrIoPR XSIV.-(Core.runen.) At Il o'clock exactly I took my way aver the sandy beach to Peralta's huot which od a little apart from theo other buildngs, owards the landward extremity of the ranchiera. As I plodded along, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters: sometimes oprpinp?to look.tobcaward, where all the i sgt of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a lond outcry, in which I could dis tinguish the yells of an Indian, andthe gruff ?ozrco of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of the carrying lanterns, which gleamed on drawn swords and baronets. The men bearing them disappeared through the principal gate of the fort, and then the Indians, who wrre left out. deo, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, antil they were threatened by the sentries. and told they would be fired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquire into the cause of the tumult, but I jadged that it was prolobly ecmsoaed by the arest of an Indian who ead committed some crime: perhaps, as was very common, stolen or secreted a valuable parL However, I did not think much of the matter, and soon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large house as compared with most of its neighbours, fenced all around with wFul?s formed of doable lines of strong tough stakes. the space between them beini slled np with stones gathered apparently from the sea beach. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into a small room, with weLla roughly built of weed and atone, through which the starlight was shining at many cracks and aereices, and mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lamp. The pla.e soutained but the most ordinary sort of caraiture-a hummock hung in a corner, an ailed bae for holding clothes, a table, and ewo or three small chairs, or rather large stools. The table, however, was laid out for sapper, and showed a capital repast of fish, l?rah, and fowl; while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and be:rimed, as thourth they had tng lain deep in a well- stocked cellar, e amde a curous contrast to the cracked crockery and woodea platters, and hacked e and broken knives and forks which lay beside him. "You see," quoth Peralta, " that, though I ayr have dealings with kings, I don't by any means live in a palace. There are idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. 4 -iamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, b?oesdes and velvets are of the former class; -it goaod meats to eat, and good wines to •ink, are of the latter. Now you see I am an admirer of the substantial vanities. I lire to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though it be picked up with a broken one- pronged? ftrk, and I love to drink the choicest vintage 1 -d Rhine or Rhone, without at all caring i whether I put my lips to a golden cup which Benvenuto bath wrought, or to a calabash which Quako hath scooped before no myiag, the pearl merchant started the serk from one of the flasks, and I tasted I aertaily the most delicious draught which c ee tingled on my palate. "H f" quoth my atertainer, as I held I at the empty cap to be refilled, "you Aid that better than evea the most skilful "empoud of rye brandy and bilge water. I tidt dles a?-u-you have a palate which I -ieve to my many gentlemen of your kind 1 mad profemin posess not, preferring the hot sioa drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas aixasa even,, to mach adorable nectar as this. Why, man, hold out thy glass again, tis grad Louis himself cannot fsh up ae ioer flask from the most sacred c t be asath the marble pavements of Ver es." Talking in this way- relating to me 1 aange anecdotes teaching great generatels s statese and eve kings, with S bot, t...ableys his r words, sahadJ Ir r converse, and a s mord o all these stories being, that the I a?nerls ad statesmen and kings is question s as tapid, and as easly to be culled and s .gbed at as mere ordinary mortals-the i sueper ad one of the wineo flsk were soon I *spnateed. Thea, placing the ifsag te in ulmrner, eralta produced a sort of purseor of filagree orkmanship, in bright ilver, which seemed to be the only thing of cein his dwellin-alws excepting the S d wines-and taking from it ome I ?fbsc?o ef most delicate savour, we began to smoke and discuss the second bottle, which I was of a different kind from the first, the I wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and emring, u he told me, from Dijon in Bur- t ody. Whrie we sat thus, my entertainer took almost all the conversation to himself t 1,e spoke of things new and strange to I a?e: of the crown jewels of mighty poten- 1 fates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling t in the filthy back Lanes of the cities of I irope-- ia he Jewry of London, the Juden afrasse i Frankfort, and the Ghetto of aome. BAnd year brave Christian goes past, 1 ?pping s noe for thesarors of fish fried I n oil, and elbowing and jostling the book- t sised; shabby old men who make way, t with many a 'Give you good e'en, my I tIed;' and 'Faugh!' aays he, 'these stnkin nnbeliovers ; whybetheynotpaecked b"dily of to their holy city again '-and so I pases he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss r hekina'e hand; while all the time-bha ha ! b --that very king is thinking and ponder- I is in hin small mind how beet he can t mineee the next subsidy out of his faithful es nd towns, and so release the brightest I tel in the regalia, now held in pawn by old lia-, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the very dirtiest, raggedost, yellowest-skinned sod hookedst-nosed of the wholo brother b0od--ha! ha! ha !" 'he pearl merchant said this with so much asto, and laknughed with so much glee, that I kspn to think he must be one of the fraternity t himself. He evemed to divine my thoughts, Iar s I had spoken them, he, as it were, " 'o, no, no ! Senor Buccaneer, although hLbare much traffic with the seed of Abraham, a lam none of their kindred; were I such, I 1 .wnaldbe wiser than to cnsome hemre to live in a Sn this scohing coast, driving bard orgains tsr e]k osters." My entertainer then went on with his I st s of European courts, and I was listen lyg with open mouth, as he told, with many \--qlp and many a mneer, how, under the _n _ eof one Ghiffinch, he had one ni-ht up the back stairs at Whitehall to hold I .secret interview with Lonise do Queraillen, nnoes?eDuchess of Portsmouth. touching cer jn Jewels which It was convenient to raise .uunsy apon until there should come a re ms from thecourtof Verailler, through lgoeur Biarillou, the ambasador of us; when all at once there came a load r accompanied by a shrill whisle, at the dr. Peralta started quickly up, but with -appe argaldisomae e dm and open h the dsor with a led, hand sor fellow, a malatto, dressed ika sailor, bounded in. ??laiming at the same moment, in a loud "Jun and Blaneo are both detected i" Tmen, arcing me, he stopped as seddcsly an though he had been ehot; but Perala .opindlly reesureedhim. "Go on, ma; go on. He who standeth ,hhJrenis myfrieid; heosoneof us; go on. .te the, eonfessed? " SAll,' replied the mulatto. "They first -ladthe trnth, and then a great deal more tn the terth, in hope the better to save , ekirnsra. I rquee in with them into tort, sad hea~d it all The soldiers are .ig. Ibhend the order given." ' I tood still for a moment, and then ,sH hurriedly, " Doth it blow ." The mlatto replied, that there was a light 'si onl!, from the eastward. uWith the tide two honrs on the ebb. will do iell. DPads is on baard the agt h to ar--" IsPPc eaot ahe," .a ,ka~oearbji to makes at .f It ?] losPI~ h~ "None, none, I replied," wondering with my whole soul at the meaning of this strange "Follow me. then. and do as I do," re plied Peralta. lie swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when he saw me copying his example to the letter. Then. blowing the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously amongst the ecattercd huts. I new that it wa no time for questions, so put none, though I was almost bursting with cunriosity. In a minute or two we heard the measured tramp of soldiers advaneing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of their amps burst forth together as they marched round the corner of a small street, fol lowed bya great many Indians. There wasa hollow place close bt where he stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either aide. Into this Poralta sank suddenl., flinging himself flat upon the round, while the mulatto and I fonowed hls ex:unple. In a minute the soldiers marched by. with their attendant rent of Indians gabbling and chattering very eagerly. "Now," quoth Peralta, "for the beach, and make as little noise as you can in run ning." With these words, off he set, going over the ground much faster than. to look at him, I should have thought possible. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind him, meeting nobody, although we heard a disatant tumult of voices in the rancheria, and the tramp of people running hither and thither. There were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes risingm from a small slippery jetty, and sheer. ing backwards and forards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of the.e skiffa lcralts leaped as nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at 'Whitehall Steirs, we follow ing closely upon his heels; but just as we had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Peralta cled out to us to hold, and then stepping back upon thile jetty. rery'cooly cuast loose the painters of the whole of the re mainder of the boats from their fastening, and gathering the ends of the ropes together. as a coachman doer his reins, he aul-,ied back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our ware. "Pull away, my good fellows." Peralta then said, taking an oar out of one of the skiffs behind us, " I will steer you.'" Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see. by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were i hard pursuit. Inaminute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and beouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, "it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must When the devil or an angry Spaniard drives." Alt this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Perlta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, "Disco! Disco, ahoy " A long shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piraga, with her twc high ng masts, and, pauing on our oar, we heard the ruah of the tideagin~st hershrp bows. "Disco is all awake," said Perata, and in a moment more we were alongside and tumb linginto the pirgua, which, notwithstand ing her vey considerable sie, wass light as t rock iolently as, une by one, we leaped over her gunwale. Disco hsel; a Mosqsit? Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just amused by the clamour on shaore, and he asked eagerly what the matter was. " The matter," said Peralta, " is that we must get to sea as soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fesher-that puff quite rafied the water. J'ema," tas was to the mulatto, " jump forwrd and oat the cable no time for wlhing. Dis., get a swop or a oar out oa the lrboas ban to cant her head round. Lindsay, beer a hand my man, and get the eavas upos her, or some of our friends ashore will he swimming down upon as with their kaives in their teeth." The coolness of Paralta was apital to see. Just as Jenipa's knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the Iarboard bows of the piragua, ahe swung round with her head towards the shore we had just left, while Peralta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the fore sail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of as clapping on to the halyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the top f the mast, and then catching the faint puff of the sea breese, which has but little power when it blows is the night time, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching held of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail upon the piagua. We were, as the reader may rams, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big ugsail was veryr soon hoisted by rapid jerls, up the mast, and when after having made fat the haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. - heard no lend rushing gargle, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet thelights upon shore re wer flying by us as though we were borne on horseback towards the sea-the great white flakes and stripesof frothwhichhadfloated into the river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light reins and streaks in dark marble-while the skitts which Peralta had cut looes were almost out of sight astem. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Perdlta laurbed pleasantly. "Your Will-o- the- Wisp may be fast, Senor Buecaner," he said, "but no aft that ever came off the stocks of European ship-builders will sail with the boats which the Indians-savagea we call them-san scoop with rude tools out of a single glorious tree. Do we not more like an spptrion-a sea spirit Let the SpaniLards hue us in their clumsy wooden boxes, the piragae will earn her right to her name, though all the nary of Old and h'ew Spain were flashing in her wake. I cal her the Ghost: does not she glide like one fleeting to the sepulchre at the first glimpes of the light of the mara I looked at Pralta, beginning to suspect that the sudden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused hun to vapour a little; but, if it were so, he very soon came to him self. \- Hark ;" mid Disco, "the sad on the bar." "And see," added Jenipa. " the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the offing." " Forward, and look out. both of you," cried Peralta, sharply. " Keep your eyes open on either bow." Meantime I crouched down by the steers man on the weather-quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much further to sea than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of sand, which roun out from the bar, and over which most of the smaller barques could float very well. The leading aships, however, ap peared to be as close to the bar on one side as we were on the other. "Now," asid Perlta, "grant that the stupidi:y of those fellows on shore will keep them from making any signal to their com rades out at sea." But the words were hardly out of his month, when the water and the sky were lit up with a mightly flash, and thelond repert of a grat gun-a smailbat tervofwhichwa plantaedboforthefort" rolling down the rver; ad immediately afterward? a straggling ll o mall acrms rattled all alona the ak, an thoqh the soldiLaa wsr, dispersed san ronniog down towsad the se. By this time, the white water o the bar wa cle ahead. .. Dime. a'noommed tl in-. ahead, I saw the streak of dark water, leading to the open sea; at the same time that the fleet of pearl fishers answered the alarm from ashore by kindlireg torches, waving lanterns, and shounting and blowing horns, just as they had done the night that the privateer had swooped. down in the centre of them and carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this moment, we having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of the night air. The light sails swelled stiftly out, the sheets tautened, the thin supple nmasts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron bars. Andyet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled in from the offing -not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing tho loam sparkingly up into the air, butmoving rather like a ird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying than swinming-borne more by the winds than the waves. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fash?oned a craft-so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and beld, and quiver in the seas -but ever on, gaily and lightsomely she went, sliding, as it were, without noise and without shock, leaping with a quick. buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swells, which now, as the watershoaled upon the bar, began to roll by us, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding ghost. While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole thing paseed over me like a vision-a dream of tashing foaming water, plunging and dripping chips, with their canvas flapping, and their booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ingandlmoaning, and rattling together-of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torehes and lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Perlta to lie to, and put about and some of them flouri.hing glimmering knives and firing pistols in the air. All thi+, I say, appeared to pass by me like a vision or a dream-and it only lasted for a few brief moments-for the piragun, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than s merchant, flew throuzh the panic-struck squadron, who could no morecatch her, than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy book or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragna'a fore rigging, but even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped'to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed hemp fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save one or two loiterers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the ri g,asifthey designed to make sail in all haste. o" Ho ! ho ! ho :" laughed Pcratta. " Here men the elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little." And, indeed, any attempt of the b:g ship to follow us woubl have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more guns, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boata before her, as we conjectured, to learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and then setting the head of the boat about nor-nor-west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatl, and cried, "Northward Ho! for Jamaica.' For about an hour, during whichtimelittle was spoken, Peralta held the helm. He then called os all round him, and apportioned the watches in the ordinary seaman fashion-I beingplaced with Disco, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenips. This settled, we tos?ed up whose watch should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the manage ment of piragnas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath the half-deck which extended from the bows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himself up along with Jenipa, and the pair went very quietly to sleep. During our watch, which was tranquil, Itried to obtain some infer mation from the Indian touching the habi's and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I ought to know more about the reason of our departure than be, having come from the shore, while he had been sleeping on board the piragua. At that I told himwhatIhadheard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected and taken to the fort, where they had ontfesaed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the truth. The Mosquittomanmerely shruggedhi shoulders, and said he could make nothing of it, although I sw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binnacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confeas. Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Pealta a hints about the way to get pearls cheap, in conneetion with what I had actually wtnesed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the merchant bought of the cap tain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by deal ing quietly with the openers themselves, to which chss I concluded that Juar. and Blannce must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I remem bered much that I had heard touching the great number of pearl supposed to be secreted bl the Indians, in spite of the utmost rigelance of the Spaniards. Jamaica Joops had, I knew. ere now gone to horer near the Rio de la tlaeh, havingtheiragents and oorrespondents, in various disgnises,lurk ing open the soast, and of course keeping np oommunioation with the Indian divers and openers; but the adroitnesa and courange shown by Peralta in living as a Spaniahrd openly amongst Spaniardsl, and supporting the eharacter of a regular peart merchant, communicating with the captain of the fishery, while in reality be wasdriring the best part of his trade by underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, no doubt, at great and constant risk of detection and death; all this inaspired me with no small respect for the abilittes and the nerve of the owner of the piragua. Then I thought with what cool generalehip he had conducted the retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking Ihis measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if he were depart. mng upon a pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with him the amoiunt of pearls, which I felt sure that he must hase amased; but a few minutes' reflection convinced me, from the perfect unconern with which he had walked out of the hut, not earing to pick up any one article of thorse strewn about, that all the valnables which he possessed on shore, he carried constantly coneesled about his person. Indeed, in the matter of such oeatly toys as pearls, or precious etones, a mans own garments formed by far the safest depository to be found in the ran chiers. While brooding ever thes things, the night passed silently away. With the gay dawn, Pealta reised m, and wre ceep a on trnarn e? the half-dsek and l~nf l h sn a se high into the aasdsu , and the piegan was aa~s e s ade reeld n aa~-hdg ovene to theu 1,1 tact enough to see that I ought to refrain from seemint to intrude upon his mystery. As I watched him, however, I often eaw him bite his thin lips, andwrrinklo his forehead, and clench his hand, as if dis tressingthonghtshaunted him; and at last he broke out, addressing nobody in particun lar, but speaking moodily to himself "Those poor follow !'" he cried, " those poor fellows, Juan and Bl.nco-I would give every pearl the venture bath brought that they were safe andsoundtinhipn pigu The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, ined, it may have ben already done, ad'tfheir bodies are swinging in this samesea-breeze?" Hors Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and midthat no effort we counldhave possibly made would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we hadnothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. " No, no," said I'eralta. " We could not have got them out of trouble; but we have been the cause that they fell into it." He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew it forth, the hollow of the palm filled with small pearls, all listenipgin the sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then he polred the redous morsels from oone hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like aman who talks in his sleep. SAy," becried, "and you will sparkis in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across the western sea. Little will sho think how her brareries have been won. Little will be think that the gemsof her adornment are but as coagulated dropsof human blood. Red, red, you onght to be, and not of that lying virgin whiteness-red, red, you ought to be, as the guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood'of the hapless men who, em now, are doubtlejs but as lumps of brown carron-only good to feed the vultures and the crows!" At this, I observed Jenipa and Disco ex change curious glances with each other; but Peralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hiding place, and resumed, to a certain degree, his usual manner. " I doubt not, he said to me," prEsently, but that your acnteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. The two coor savages of whom I spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare pearl bath come to my wallet, instead of their Spanish task-masters. But all is over now. W'hile I remained on chore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it been within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring them off, but it fell out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan d Blanco, and may you find the next world a better one than this.' Having pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and shet and haulyard cracking and straining : the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polishedaides, she tore away upon her head tong course. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flashing back, snding the ounghotblood tinging through my veins. I leaped and danced about the pirg for very cheery-heartedness-Peralta miling slyly at my antics-and sometimes liffing up my voice, I sang an echoing chors tothe music of wind waveo "A day or two,' I thought, "and I shall ser, aloep?n in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-white awaing the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jem, the true hearted, and PNicky Hamstring, the mnrry minded!" Alas! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay-not so fast ! There are perils and sufferings for yon, by sea and land, ere you step upon English ground again! CHAPTER X V. ; ,TE FPIrAoa Is9 C?ICED CUP Bt A Ro r rarvaPEa, AND I CIeD xY1'ELr IMsO NEW We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. Atthe setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle watch. I roused up about an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua hearing upon smooth, oily swells, all un r ed even by a puff of wind. There was a great dank mist around us, packing upon the water as thick as smoke from a man-of war's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chill damp. I walked up and down the small fore deck of the piragna, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling fora breeze to blow away to lee ward the filthy fog, which seemed, as it were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the pirague Standing at the bews, I could not see the stern, andas for the heads of the sails they were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as the black-looking undulations of the sea rolled underus, the mist seeming to rise ad fall with them, and sometimes boiling sad. eddying from the motion of the waves, although nota breath of wind strayed over the ocean. I might have been upon duty' about half an hour, when I almost leaped from thedeck with amanement to hear suddenly, coming from whence 1 knew not, but ringing shrilly through the thick sir, a loud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. " Disco," I shouted, "did you hear that? What was that cry " But the Indian, instead of answering me, stood dumb and trembling, as though struck with terror Instantly the cry was repeated, and even louder and more vehemently than before. " It is a spirit," Pail the Indis " It is some bad spirit of the fog. It will rome to us and kill as." But I heeded not the superstition of the ignoranmt creature, and made but one bound to where Persia lay sound asleep, clutching and shaking him to arouse him, and telling him in the sene breath that therewas either a ship or a boat close aboard ors in the fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their leg in a moment, and for the space of about te minntues we listened witth all our ears, but hsard no sound, other than the Bapping of ouanr sails and the crskinir of the yasds as they rubbed and swayed asgainst the masts. It *as old that, although both Disco and myself heard the cry so distinctly repeated, we neither of us mold tUll the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it At all events, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, and which woulL certainly be more than a match for the light piragan and her crew of four All this while the dawn was gradually brightening througk.themist: the fog, which before was of a pitoly dan ness, becoming bgadually of a pale grey hue, and then lifting asd opening here and there, so as to show lanns, as it were, and patcbes of clear air, which, in the next momeu, would be asain filled up by rolling macace of vapoar. lowever, the mist was evidently thinning as the sun approached to th heosizon., and wer waetced warily to estch the first glimps of our unknown neighboea. Psesetly, the fog began to change its cold white hue for a tin. or blush of warm sad golden light, whlch apppesed, as it were, to penetrate and perade the rapour, and by which -e knew that the smahad rises; whle, at the same time, or glimpses in' eredshittlinaf lanes ma clear spe ,sontminualIy boin forme~by the moion of ee " e wthinr easth paselmbg tea su?rboord gunwrale l th pas; ecsleimd, is a tow We all tuau sesa at onem easd aw, no sirs Aty hemboem as, th. deeky Itncdsi mist all curlin round her, and floating, as it appeared, in blurring patches and masses among her extended sails, so that the masts and all the fabric of sp-srs and canvas which they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no time, however, to make any very minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon as we saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into the main ris sing, shouted out, in French and English, wtha we should pull the piragoa alongside. I looked at Peralta. He slightly shrugged i shoulders. "If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " Ho I the piragua ahoy :" was now again hailed from the strange ship-" come along side, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you." This threat had hardly been uttered, when, as if to back it, a cannon was fired from the maindeck, and we heard the ball, with a loud, whistling his, pss above our masts. But the discharge of that gaun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon th0 fog, clearing away, and, as it were, con densing and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around--so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a aide, with top-sails and top-gallant- sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging in a loose and disorderly condition-the jibindeed hanging in great festoons down from the bowsprit-so that when the ship plunged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pouring from the belly of the sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly- looking craft there seemed to be a great swarm of men, who suddenly clstered upon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed ont " Why, comrades, never believe your eyes -if it be not Old Rumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold? Hat been a privateering in a bark canoe-or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of the Main I" Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or Rumbold that he was an honest fellow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearl merchant, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. "Had it not been for that cursed fog," he whispered, "this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'en row with the tide and humour them." Leo as corsmrzD. 