BEATRICE. CHAPTER IX. WHAT BEATRICE DREAMED. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of “Cleo patra,” &c;, [All Rights Reserved.] Geoffrey lay upon his back, watching the still patch of sunshine and listening to the ticking of the clock, as he passed all these and many other events in solemn review till the series culminated in his vivid recol lection of the scene of that very morning. ‘ I’m sick of it,’ he said at last aloud, * sick and tired. She makes my life wretched. If it wasn’t for Effie, upon my word I’d . . . By Jove, it’s 3 o’clock; I’ll go aud see Miss Grainger. She’s a’ woman, not a female ghost at any rate, though she is a freethinker—which,’ he added as he slowly struggled off the couch, ‘ is a very foolish thing to be.’ Very shakily, for he was sadly knocked about, he hobbled down the long narrow room, and through the door, which was ajar. The opposite door was also set half open. He knocked softly, and gettiug no answer pushed it wide and looked in, thinking that he had, perhaps, made some mistake as to the room. On a sofa placed about two-thirds down its length, lay Beatrice asleep. She was wrapped in a kind of dressing-gown of some Eimple blue stuff, and all about her breaEt and shoulders streamed her lovely curling hair. Her sweet face was towards him, its pallor relieved only by the long shadow of the dark lashes and the boat bow of the lips.. ..One white wrist and hand hung down’ almost to the door, and beneath the spread curtain of the sunlit hair her bosom beared softly in her sleep. She looked so won drously beautiful in her rest that he stopped almost awed, and gazed, aud gazed again, feeling as though a present sense aud power were stilling his heart to silence. It is dangerous to look upon such quiet loveli aets, and very dangerous to feel that pressure at the heart. A truly wise man feeling it would have fled, knowing that seeds sown in such silences may live to bloom upon a bitter day, aud shed their fruit into the waters of desolation. But Geoffrey was not wise—who would have been ? He still stood and gazed till the sight stamped itself so deeply on the tablets of his heart that through all the years to come no heats of passion, no frosts of doubt, and no sense of loss could ever dull its memory. The silent sun shone on, the silent woman slept, and in silence the watcher gazed. And as he looked a great fear, a prescience of evil that should come, entered into him and took possession of him. A cloud with out crossed the ray of sunlight aud turned it. It wavered, for a second it rested on his breast, flashed back to hers, then went out; and as it flashed and died, he seemed to know that henceforth, for life till death, ay! aud beyond, his fate and that sleeping woman’s were one fate. It was but a momen tary knowledge; the fear shook him, and was gone almost before he understood its foolishness. But it had been with him, and in after days he remembered it. Just then she woke, opening her grey eyes. Their dreary glance fell upon him, looking through him and beyond him, rather than at him. Then she raised herself a little and stretching out both her arms towards him, spoke aloud. ‘ So you have come back to me at last,’ she said. ‘I knew that you would come aud I have waited.’ He made no answer, he did not kuow what to say; indeed he began to think that he must be dreaming himself. For a little while she still looked at him in the same absent manner, then suddenly started up, the red blood streaming to her brow. ‘ Why, Mr Bingham,’ she said, ‘is it really you? What was it that I said? Oh, pray forgive me, whatever it was. 1 have been asleep dreaming such a curious dream, aud talking in my sleep.’ ‘Do not alarm yourself, Miss Granger,’ he answered, recovering himself with a jerk; ‘ you did not say anything dreadful, only that you were glad to see me. What were you dreaming about?' She looked at mm doubtfully; perhaps bis words did not ting quite true. ‘ I think that I had better tell you as i have said so much,’ 6ho answered. ‘ Besides, it was a very curious dream, and if I be lieved in dreams it would rather frighten me, only fortunately I do not. Sit down and I will tell it to you before I forget it. It is not very long.’ He took the chair to which she pointed, and she began, speaking in the voice of one Jet laden with the memories of sleep. * - dreamed that I stood in' space. Far to my right was a great globe of light, and so my left was another globe, and I knew “'at the globes were named Life and Death. the globe on the right to the globe on . * e ft, and back again, a golden shuttle, in which two flaming eyes were set, waß snot continually, and I knew also that this Wa f the shuttle of Pestiny, weaving the J ve ”. Fate. Presently the shuttle flew earing behind it a long silver thread, and he eyes in the shuttle were such .or your e , 8- -Again the shuttle sped through space, ?, ,' s time its eyes were like my eyes, and >e thread it left behind it was twisted from u°' lla,rs hair. -Half way between the g °bes of life and death my thread of life as . “token, but the shuttle flew on and amshed. For a moment the thread hung a ! r > then a wind rose and blew it, so that .. osted away like a spider’s web, till it a 1 , U P OU y° ur ; -*ilver thread of life it a 16 ®? 11 to twist round and. round • As it twisted it grew larger and pi- mw’ at * ast *t‘ > va ® thick as a s t tress of hair, and the silver line bent beneath the weight so that I saw it soon must break. Then while I wondered what would happen, a white hand holding a knife slid slowly down the silver line, and with the knife severed the wrappiugs of the woman's hair, which fell and floated slowly away.likealittlecloud touched with sunlight, till they were lost in darkness. But the thread of silver that was your line of life, sprang up quivering and making; a sound like sighs, till at last it sighed itself to silence. * Then I seemed to sleep, and when I woke I was floating upon such a misty sea as we saw last night. I had lost all sight of land, [and I could not remember what the stars were like, nor how I had been taught to steer, nor understand where I must go. I called to the sea, and asked it of the stars, and the sea answered me thus— ‘ Hope has rent her raiment, and the stars are set.’ ‘ I called again, and asked of the land where I should go, and the land did not answer, but the sea answered me a second ! time— ‘Child of the mist, wander in the mist, and in darkness seek for light:’ ‘ Then I wept because Hope had rent her starry, garment, nnd in darkness I must seek for light. And while I still wept, you rose out of the sea and sat before me in the boat. I had never seen you before, and still I felt that I had known you always. You did not speak, and I did not speak, hut you looked into my heart and saw its trouble. Then I looked iuto your heart, and read what was written. And this was written —■ ‘ Woman whom I knew before the past be gan, and whom I shall kunw when thefutuie f* ended, why do you weep ?’ * And my heart answered, * I weep because I am lost upon the waters of the earth, be cause hope has rent her starry robes, and in everlasting darkness I must seek for light that is not. Then your heart said, ‘ I will shew you light,’ and bending forward you touched me on the breast. ‘And suddenly an agony shook me like the agonies of birth and death, and the sky was full of great winged angels who rolled up the mist as a cloth, and drew veils from the eyes of uight, aud there, her foot upou the globe, and her star-set head piercing the firmament of heaven, stood Hope breath ing peace and beauty. She looked north and south and east aud west, then she looked upwards through the arching vaults of heaven, and whereever she set her eyes, bright with holy tears, the darkness shrivelled' and sorrow ceased, and from corruption arose the Incorruptible. I gazed and wor shipped, and as I did so, again the sea spoke unquestioned— ‘ In darkness thou hast found light, in Death seek for wisdom.’ ‘ And once more Hope rent her starry robes, and the angels drew down a veil over the eyes of Night, and the sea swallowed me, and I sank till I reached the deep foun dations of mortal death. And there in the Halls of Death I sat for ages upon ages, till at last I saw you come, and on your lips was the word of wisdom that makes all things clear, but what it was I canuot re member. Then I stretched out my haud to greet you, and woke, aud that is all my dream.’ She ceased, her grey eyes set wide, as though they still strove to trace their spiritual vision upon the air of earth, her breast heaviug, and her lips apart. ‘Great heuveu !’ he said, ‘what an im agination yon must have to dream such a dream as that.’ ’lmagination,’ she answered, returning to her natural manner. 1 1 have uone, Mr Bingham. I used to have, but I lost it when I lost —everything else. Can you interpret my dream ? Of course you cannot; it is nothing but nonsense—such stuff as dreams are made of, that is all.’ ‘ It may be nonsense, but it is beautiful nonsense,’ he answered. ‘ I wish ladies had more of such stuff to give the world.’ ‘All, well, dreams may be wiser than wakings, and nonsense than learned talk, for all we know. But there’s an end of it. I don’t know why I repeated it to you. I am sorry I did repeat it, but it seemed so real it shook me out of myself. This is whatcomeß of breaking in upon the routine of life by beiug three parts drowned. One fiuds queer things at the bottom of the sea, you know. By the way, I hope that you are recovering. I do not think that you will care to gocauoo ing again with me, Mr Bingham.’ There was an opening for a compliment here, but Geoffrey felt that it would be too much in earnest if spoken, so he resisted the temptation. ‘ \Vhat, Miss Granger,’ he said, ‘should a man say to a lady who hut last uight saved iiis life, at the risk —indeed, almost at a cost —of her own ?’ ‘lt was nothing, ’ she answered, coloring; ‘I clung to you, that was all, more by in stinct than from auy motive. I think I had a vague idea that you might float aud sup port me.’ ‘ Miss Granger, the occasion is too serious for polite fibs. I know how you saved my life, I do not know how to thank you for it.’ ‘Then don’t thank me at all, Mr Bing ham. Why should you thauk me ? I only did what I was bound to do. I would far rather die than desert a companion in dis tress, of any sort; we all must die, but it would be dreadful to die ashamed. You know what they say, that if you save a person from drowning you will do them an injury afterwards. That’s how they put it here; in some parts the saying is the other way about, but I am not likely ever to do you au iujury, so it does not make me un happy. It was an awful experience—you were senseless, so you cannot know how strange it felt lying upou the slippery rook, and seeing those great white waves rush upon us through the gloom, with nothing but the night above, and tile sea around, and death between the two. I have been lonely for many years, but I do not thiuk that I ever quite understood what loneliness really meaut before. You see,” she added, by way of an afterthought, “ I thought that you were dead, and there is not much com pany in a corpse.’ ‘ Well,’ he said, ‘ one tiling is, it would have been lonelier if we had gone.’ ‘Do yon thiuk so?’ she answered, looking at him enquiringly. ‘ I don’t quite Bee how you make that out. If you believe in what we have been taught, as I think you do, wherever it was you found yourself there would be pleuty of company, and if, like me, you do not believe in auy thing, why, then, you would have slept, and sleep asks for nothing.’ ‘ Did you believe in nothing when you lay upon the rook waiting to be drowned, Miss Granger ?’ ‘Nothing!’ she answered; ‘only weak people find revelation in the extremities of fear. If revelation comes at all, surely it must be born in the heart and not io the senses. I believed in nothing, and I dreaded nothing, except the agony of death. Why should I be afraid! Supposing that I am mistaken, and there is something beyond, iB it my fault that I cannot believe ? What have I done that I should be afraid ? I have never harmed anybody that I.know of, aud if I could believe I would. I wish 1 had died,’ she went on, passionately; ‘it would all be over now, I am tired of the world, tired of work and helplessness, and all the little worries which wear one out. _ I am not wanted here, I have nothing to live for, and I wish that I had died !’ ‘ Some day you will think differently, Miss Granger. There are many things that a woman like yourself cau live for—at the least, there is your work.’ She laughed drearily. ‘ My work. Jf you only knew what it is like you would not talk to me about it. Every day I roll my stone up the hill, and every night it seems to roll down again. But you have never taught in a village school. How can you know? I work all day, and in the evening perhaps I have to mend the tablecloths, or —what do you thiuk?—write my father’s sermons. It sounds curious, does it not, that I should write sermons? But I do. I wrote the one he is going to preach next Sunday. It makes very little difference to him what it is so long as lie can read it, and, of course, .1 never say anything which can offend anybody, and I do not think that they listen much. Very few people go to chinch in Bryngelly.’ ‘ Don’t you ever get any time to yoarself, then ?’ | ‘ Oh, yes, sometimes I do, and then I go out in iny canoe, or read, and am almost i happy. After all, Mr Bingham, it is very I wrong and ungrateful of me to apeak hke ' this. I have more advantages than nine- 1 tenths of the world, and I ought to make the best of them. I don’t know why I have been speaking as I have, and to you, whom I never saw till yesterday. I never did it before to any living soul, I assure you. It is just like the story of the man who came here last year with the divining rod. There is a cottage down on the cliff—it belongs to Mr Davies, who lives in the castle. Well, they have no drinking water near, and the ; new tenant made a great fuss about it. So Mr Davies got men, and they dug and dug and spent no end of money, but could not some to water. At last the tenant fetched an old man from some parish a long way off, who said that he could find water with a divining rod. He was a curious old man with a crutch, and he came with his rod, and hobbled about till at last the rod twitched just at the tenant’s back door—at least the diviner said it did. At any rate, they dug there, and in 10 minutes struck a spring of water, which bubbled up so strongty that it rushed iuto the house and flooded it. And what do you think ? After all,' the water was brackish. You are the man with the divining rod, Mr Bingham, and you have made me talk a great deal too much, and, after all, you 6ee it is not nice talk. You must think me a very dis agreeable and wicked young woman, and I daresay I am. But somehow it is a relief to open one’s mind. I do hope, Mr Bing ham, that you will see—in short, th it you will not misunderstand me.’ ‘ Miss Granger,’ he answered, ‘there is between us that which will always entitle ua to mutual respect and confidence—the link of life and death. Had it not been for you, I should not sit here to listen to your confidence to-day. You may tell me that a mere natural impulse prompted you to do what you did. - I know better. It was your will that triumphed over your uatural impulse towards self-preservation. Well, I will say no more about it except this:—lf ever man was bouud to woman by ties of gratitude and respect, I am bound to you. You need hot.fear that I shall take advan tage' of or misinterpret your confidence.’ Here he rose and stood before her, his dark handsome face bowed in proud humility. ‘ Miss Granger, I look upon it us au honor done to me by oue whom henceforth I must reverence among all women. The life you gave back to me, aud the intelligence which directs it, is in duty bound to you, aud I shall not furget the debt.’ She listened to his words, spoken iu that deep and earnest voice, which afterwards became so familiar to Her Majesty’s judges and to Parliament—listened with anew sense of pleasure rising iu her heart. She was this map’s equal; what he could dare she could dare; where he could climb, she could follow—ay, and if need be, show the path, aud she felt that he acknowledged it. In his sight she was something more thau a handsome girl to be admired aud deferred to for her beauty’s sake. He had placed her on another level—one, perhaps, that few women would have wished to occupy. But Beatrice was thankful to him. It was.the first taste of supremacy that she had ever known. It is something to stir the proud heart of such a woman as Beatrice, in that moineut when for the fiist time she feels herself a •onqueror, victorious, not through the vulgar advantage of her Bex, not by the submission of man’s coarser sense, but rather by the over-balancing weight of mind. ‘Do you kuoiv,’ she said, suddenly look ing up, ‘ you make me very proud,’ and she stretched out her hand to him. He took it, and, bending, touched it with his lips. There was no possibility of mis interpreting the action, aud though she colored a little—for, till then, uo man had even kissed the tip of her finger—she did not misinterpret it. It was an act of homage, and that was all. And so they sealed the compact of their perfect friendship for ever and a day. Then came a moment’s silence. It was Geoffrey who broke it. “ Miss Granger,” he said, “ will you allow me to preach you a lecture, a very short one?’ ‘ Go on,’ she said. ‘Very well. Do not blame me if you don’t like it, and do not set me down as a prig, though lam going to tell you your faults as I read them in your own words. You are proud and amb.tious, and the cramped lines in which you are forced to live seem to strangle you. You have suffered, and have not learned the lesson of suffering —humility. You have set yourself up against Fate, and Fate sweeps you along like spray upon the gale, yet you go unwill ing. In your impatience you have fiowu to learning for refuge, aud it lias completed your overthrow, for it has induced you to reject us non-existent all that yon canunt understand. Because your finite mind can not search infinity, because no answer lias come to all your prayers, because you see misery and cuuuot read its purpose, because you suffer and have not found rest, you have said there is naught but chance, and become an atheist, as muuy have done before you. Is it not true?’ ‘ Go on,’ she answered, bowing her head to her breast, so that tile long rippling hair almost hid her face. ‘lt seems a little odd.’ he said, with a short laugh, ‘ tiiat I, witli all my imper fections heaped upon me, should presume to preach to you—but you will kuow best how near or how far I am from the truth.' So I want to say this. I have lived for 35 years, and seeu a good deal aud tried to learn from it, aud 1 kuow this. Iu the long run, unless we of our own act put away the opportunity, the world gives us our due, which generally is not much. So much for thiugs temporal. If you are fit to rule, iu time you will rule; it you do not, then be content and acknowledge your own incapacity. And as for things spiritual, I am sure of this—though of course one does not like to talk much of these matters —if you only seek for them loug enough in some shape you will find them, though the shape may not be that which is generally recoguised by any particular religion. But to build a wall deliberately between oneself aud the unseen, and then complain tlmt the way is barred, is simply childish.’ ‘ And what if one’s wall is built, Mr Bing ham ?’ ‘ Most of us have done something in that line at different times,’ he answered, ‘ aud found a way round it. ‘ And if it stretches from horizon to horizou, and is higher than the clouds, what tlieu ?’ ‘Then you must find wings aud fly over it.’ ‘ And where can any earthly woman find those spiritual wings ?’she asked, and then sank her head still deeper on her breast to cover her confusion. For she remembered that she had heard of wanderers in the dusky groves of human passion, yes, even Mieuad wanderers, who had suddenly come face to face with their own soul; and that the cruel paths of earthly love may yet lead the feet which tread them to the ivory gates of heaven. And remembering these beautiful myths, though she had no experience of love, and knew little of its ways, Beatrice grew sud denly silent. Nor did Geoffrey give her an answer, though he need scirceiy have feared to do so. For were they not discussing a purely abstract question ? (To be continued.) The famous humorist, Robert J. Burdette, preaches a sermon that is as provocative of tears as his funny say ings are of laughter, and people are as anxious to hear him in the pulpit as on the rostrum, as was proved recently at Chicago. Mr Burdette - preached at one of the Methodist churches, and 2000 people went to listen. An hour before the service began every seat in the house was taken and the doors were locked soon after. Many stood throughout the eveniug, and con sidered themselves fortunate to have even standing room. When Lord Rosse’s powerful teles cope was constructed the far distant objects, thought to be in formless nebuhe, or masses of gas, were said to be in reality clusters of stars. Norman Lockyer now holds that they are like comets, neither clusters of stars nor masses of gas, but that they consist of meteorites. I 