TOPICS OF THE DAY. It may, of course, be only a coincidence, but it is a little singular that the settlement ot Mildura, where hotels are unknown, is also devoid of lawyers. This circtuiiBtuncowas orought under the notice of llic buprunic court this morning, tuid a look of pitying surprise was observed to overspread tho countenances of someof the legal eentlemcn in court a» they pictured to themselves a community minus barristers and solicitors, it seems, however, thnt tho in habitants of Mlldura mc not 1-. absorbed in the work of irriputittg the Malice and re- elatuiint; tho wilderness but that they enn find timo for to do a little litigation notwithstanding the lack of facilities for indulging in it. Recently a young man named .lames Lawrence Todd Mcrccr was proceeded against by one William Clnrson lor LIS 15h, being money alleged to be due under nn agreement to manage nn area at Mildiiro, and tho niaplhtratep — for there are magistrates nt the Mildurn— inado an order against the defendant for the amount claimed. A good deal of doubt is enter tained as to whether tho justices hud juris diction to make tho order which they did, ns tho contract was a spec a! one, and upon tho application ot Mr W. H. Moule, Mr .lustice Hodges to-day granted nn order nisi to review the decision. Tho a. Wairarapa arrived to-day, at 7.45 a.m. Sailed from Auckland on 31st ultimo, and called nt tho usual ports, viz.,CiBborno, Napier, Wellington, l.yttlcton, Dunedin ami Bluff 5 sailing from Bluff, at 4 p.m. on the 8th Inst., had strong N.W. to S.K. winds and ecu till arrival at llobart, on tlio 12th, at i' a.m. ; sailed again same day, at 5.30 p.m.; Swan Island nbcain at 11 a.m. on the KUh ; entered I'ort Phillip Heads at 5.10 a.m. on the 14th, arriving in Hobson's Bay ns ii1k>vo. From llobart, had light variable tvinds and fine weather. . Tho Railway Commissioners have bad under consideration the possibility of diffi culties arising in connection with their coal supply through the slopping troubles tii.it have Isceti brought prominently forward lately. They state that they tmut and hope there will be no strike or uo stoppage of traffic, but even should such occur, they were making such arrangement? as will, they hope, relieve tho department from any serious difficulty. Tho stocks of coal und firewood on hand and to arrive nrc, It is understood, very considerable, while largo supplies can be obtained without any great difficulty. Tho pilot schooner Rip reports from Quccuscliff that the ketch Albert, from Lorno, capsized outsido the Heads. The crew were saved, but tho vessel wan floating about and was dangerous to nnvigution. To-day is tho day fixed by tho Act for tlio nnnuiil municipal elections throughout tlio colony. Thero nro contests in nearly nil tlio municipalities around Moiliourne, and as a cmjKcr|ucncQ the suburbs aro soimiwhat live lier than usual, notwithstanding the vory un pleasant state of the woathcr. Tlio friends of tho various candidates arc working ener getically, and although, a? a rule, thero isan absence of " burning" questions, thu interest oyiuced in tlio results fc considerable. In citicN, towns ntid boroughs thu polling hours nru from 8 a.m. till 4 p.m., and in shires from 8 a.m. till 5 p.m. The arrivals in tho Bay this morning com prise tlio steamers Balmoral Castle from London and Walrarnpa from Now Zealand, and the Lirque I'itcairn Island from Hum- burg. The ship Loch 'i'ay from Glasgow entered thu Heads in the morning, and would reach lliu Bay in tho course of tho after- A sudden dentil was reported to thn police last night. -John Martin, a tailor, UN years of age, hut who lias lately been engaged con- vnsrinif. was found almut a quarter past 8 o'clock last ovening, u dying condition in an outhouse, at thu Old Lincoln Inn, Carlton, In formation was sent to hit residence, 83 O'Cannoll slrcot, North McUmurnc, and Mrs Martin proceeded to the hotel and brought her husband homo. Dr Fletcher was called in ami pinuounccd tho inmt dead. It is supposed that death resulted from heart fsUitru. Tho matter war reported to l)r You), who has decided that an inquest is unnecessary. ' Tho 8.s. Balmoral Castle, from London, arrived this morning with general cargo. Tho Balmoral Caetfi) mado a 41) days' passago to Atlolalde, and with tho exception of a heavy galo ou tho 17th nit. sho had generally fiuo weather. Tlio steamer will tako lmmo a cargo of frozen meat either from QueoiiBland or Now Zcalaud. A dispute occurred Hits morning outside the Homo of tho Salvation Army Prison Gate Brigade in Latrobo street. A foreigner named Kzekhil Bcrcstcln, who was acting in a peculiar way, had a few words with a man named Charles Cohen. Tho latter tohl Bcrgstein to keep away from him, when Bcrgstcin suddenly made a stab at Cohen's heart with a sharp pocket knife. Cohen quickly threw his left arm across Ills heart to protect himsolf, when tho knlfo caught him In the hand. A wound (not of a dan gerous character) was inflicted on Cohen's hand. Tho wounded man was taken to tho Melbourno Hospital, where Dr Braccwcll drossed Ids bond. Bergstoiu was arrested by a constable, and locked up &t; tho City wutohhouso ou a charge of unlawfully wounding. Somo malicious and ovil-disposod person yesterday, or early lost evening, committed an outrage nt tho Pntnco Hotel. On tho roof of tho premises thoro was a largo stand, which contained a magio lantern. By tho aid of this lantern advertising viows havo been for somo timo nightly shown ou two largo cuiivass screens. When tho man who at tends to this business went on to tlio roof to comtncnco work last night, he was astonished to fiud that tho staud ami lantern had been thrown down, and fragments of tho latter wcro found lying about. An imllurubbcr pipe hod also been cut. Tha matter has been placed in tho hands of tlio police. The acquittal of Mr Dow of all com plicity iu tho conspiracy charged against tho directors of tho Premier Permummt Building Society lias been received with tho livolicst demonstrations of satisfaction throughout his electorate. Rejoicings havo taken placo iu all tho principal townships, bonfires havu been lit, and tho liveliest satisfaction demonstrated, Not tlio least of tho pleasant souvenirs of a trying timo havo been tho hlio-il of tolugrams of congratu lation which Imvo poured iu to Mr Dow from every part of Australia, including those from Governments ot tho other colonics utui muni cipal districts throughout Victoria, Mr Dow's colleagues wore anxious that lie should be sworn in yestorday in his old post of Miuister of Lands and Agriculture, but Mr Dow desires that he should he perfectly cleat- of nil tlio charges preferred in connection with tho Premier prosecutions beforo sub mitting himself to ro-eleotion nt thu hands of Ills constituents. Homo time ago, during tho progress of certain proceedings In connection with the proposed "Daily Mail" Now, p.'ipvr Company, it was raportod that the books of tlio compnny wero missing. They have now turned up in a rathor ro- markablu manner. Yesterday, during tlio absence of Mr John Schneider from bis residence, sumcono called and loft n brown paper parcel addressed to him. On opening tho parcel Mr Schneider was astonished to find thnt tho contents consisted of tho missing books of tho Daily Mail Company. Mr Hohnnider has handed thorn to his solicitor, with instructions to take such steps in tho mattsr ns may be deemed advisable. A now pollen station will shortly bo established in North Carlton. Sorgc&nt; Patterson, who has boon armorer, etc., nt Russell street barraoki for some years past, will bo placed in chargo of the station. Tho police uuthorltles havo not yot been ablo to socuro suitable premises for tho now station. When them promises havo boon obtained no timo will bo lost in establishing tho police station. The diphtheria pttle&U; in tho Melbourno Hospital aro progressing as favorably as can be expected. Sjuc injudicious friends visited the patients — Mrs Abbot, Mrs Wil liams and Maria Carttar— on Tuesday even ing, and brought iu with thcin a quantity of luxuries. . The result was thnt the patients wcro anything but benefited by the visit. Dr Molloy, medical superintendent, was naturally much annoyed, and has been compelled to refuse admission to all visitors for these patients. Tho Salvation Armv Free Labor Bureau furnishes the following Nummary from 14tli Juno to lHih August, 181)0 Total number of meals supplied, 31,101 ; rations supplied to families, RO.'tS, consisting of— tea, 3501 ; sugar, 21141b; bread, 28,C281b; meat, 81001b ; number of porons supplied with clothing, 310 ; number registered for em ployment, 2412 : employment found for 1G0H (including 5S0 sent up country). Tho old municipal buildings and Court house at Groy street, St. Hilda, have boon formally handed over to tho Crown Law department. Arrangements wcro concluded for tho purchase of the whole of thu build- ingn on this reserve. Tho Court of Petty .Sessions will continuo to bo held as usual in tha Court-house, and tho remainder of the buildings will bo devoted to tno use of tho |>olice. Tho threatened laying up of tho Inter colonial steamers, tho increased price of im ported coal, and tho possible stoppage of supplies l»y sea altogether, havo directed at- tendon with increased force to tho immense deposits of brown coal In Gippsland. Tho Austral Otis Klcvator Co., of Moray street. South Melbourne, have, with a desire of assisting in the wtlfaro of the colony, been experimenting, with most satisfactory results with this coal, and will, to morrow, show tho fuel at work. Tho members of the Royal Commis sion on Coal, and Sir Benjamin Benjamin, as well ns many of our prominent citizens, will be present nt the tests, which will tako Klace at 12 o'clock. Tho coal to bo nscd will d that of tlio Buln Buln Coal Mining Co. This company have proved their ground, which consists of two square miles of country, alx>ut 2£ miles from Moc, to con tain a scam of coal 60 feet 0 inches thick, solid, dark and dense, the best of the brown coals yet unearthed iu the colony. The coal to bo used Is froin the outcrop on the Lntrobe, where there la over 53 feet of coal. This company which was formed to thoroughly test thugiound are about to place their property on tho market to ob tain sufficient capital to work the deposits. The company will consist of 100,000 shares of 5s caclt, of which tho present owners will receive 50,000 the balance being offered to the public. Wo havo received the August number of the Australasian .Shorthand Journal, con taining tho usual amount of intelligence interesting to thu recording angels. The attendance at tha Winter Carnival, held at the Victoria Skuting Rink, South Yurra, last night, numbered about 800, and the affair proved u decided success. The variety of costumes worn was exceptionally largo and attractive, and when tlio lima lights played upon the mass of color the effect was highly pleasing. The task of Bclccliug the prize winuers was dele gated to tin co members of the Press, who experienced considerable difficulty in arriving nt decisions, in face of the close competition which existed. Several of the dresses worn had been successful at previous carnivaL, and, of course, tho judges took this fnct into their consideration when forming their judgment iu those instances where tho competition was keen. It goes almost without saying that tho decisions did not givo utinnimous satisfaction ; they never do nt entertainments of this class; but tlio judges did what Bccmcd to them just and proper. Tho award, which Mr F. Giles, tho manager of tho rink, announced from tho floor, wcro ns follows Handsomest dresses. — Ladies — 1st, Juliet, Miss Ogilvio ; 2nd, Miranda, Miss Morgan. Gentlemen.— 1st, Romeo, Mr Ogilvio ; 2nd, king. Mr Moore.. Most origins! characters.— Ladies — 1st, MveningAniuEcmoits, Miss A. Honningham ; 2nd, Sea Sheila, Mrs Kendall. Gentlemen— 1st, On Guard, Mr Robins ; 2nd, La Grippe, Mr Wharton. Best Sustained Characters.— Ladies'— 1st, Tambourine Girl,. Miss .Alice 'Morgan ; 2ud, Yoni Yum, Miss Michael. Lentloineii — 1st, Ghost, Mr Weir ; 2nd, Niuyur Minptrol, Mr Mcssctt. The prizes will hu distributed at tho rink to-morrow uvuniug (Friday). To-morrow wilt bo Iho 121st anniversary of tho birthday of Napoleon tho Great. Tho ivent will bo duly celebrated at the Cyclnrnnia, when special attractions will bo offered, and all visitors will receive a copy, with words in French and Knotish, of the urcut National Fronchsoug, The Marseillaise. Special tickets will not be available for this Since thu publication of the list of sub scribers to thoDrNeild Testimonial Fund in Inst Saturduy'ti issue of tho "Argus" several luldUinnul stuns have been received by Mt Alfred Dumpier, tho bom treasurer, 123 Victoria Parade. As tho presentation dons not lako placo till Monday next, thero will be furthcropnortunltiesto'the numerous friends of l)r Noifd to mark their apprecia- 