Story Column, : A Born Coquette. ,. BY MRS. HUNGERFORD. Author, of " Moll Bawn,1' " Phyllis," " Lady Branksmcro," " The Duohess," &o;„ tea. . . All OUBBH BLAND BIGHTS nESERVED.'J \- CHAPTER XXXVH. ' In sorrow and in J oy sho has seen tho beginning. , It is a month or so later, and mild October with its soft rich tints makes beantifnl the landscape. A rather sad beauty, perhaps .tinged deep with melancholy, but very lovely withal. "Then oame the antnmn allin yellow olad," with its leaves ot elm all golden, and the ruddy warmth of the dying boeohoB. The gone September had seemed more a parting touoh of Bummer — it was hard to conneot it with a fading year ; hut with October there is no difficulty in believing that dissolution is indeed near. A slow and kindly death, however ; honr by hoar, day by day. No unseemly haste, only a tend, r sinking into the chUl gravo that awaits ns all. Low on the bosom of Mother Earth, the gorgeous leaves lie shivering, waiting until nature first softens them by rains and delioate passes of hor all-powerful hand, and then sends them bodily into tho world beneath, to give a stronger resnrreotion hy-and-by to theyonng spring grasses. The air is damp and hushed and close, As a sick man's room when liotuketh repose An hour before death. Wy very heart faints and my whole sonl grieves At the moist rich smell of the rotting leaves And the breath Of tho fading edges of box beneath And the year's last rose. ' It is probable that the dull gray light of tho morning ontside may have had something to do 'with the depression visible on the countenance of the elder Delaneya as they sit round tho hroakfaBt table, hut the letter in Penelope's hand, written in Nan's fine distinct hand writing, has given them oause to give voice to it. 41 What a letter 1" says Penelope, with a forlorn sigh. " The worst vet, it seems to me, and they have all been bad.' 44 There was that one dated from Florence. Wasn't that a little worse ?" asks Gladys with hesitation, and aa if not believing in her own question. 44 Not so altogether on the mnrderons tack, I think," says Bartle oritioally. 41 1 don't think in that she made any allnsion to 'Lady Andley's Secret,' or mentioned a bottomless well in rather uncomfortable olosenesa to a remark ahont Hume. This letter," pointing to the one in Penelope's hand, 44 is suggestive. Ho you think we ought to telegraph to Hnme to avoid that draw well in Florenoe ?" ' 44 Ton and Freddie Oroker seem to find a fond of amusement in poor Nan's marriage," says Penelope with cold disgust. 44 What I can't bear," said Gladys abruptly, taking the letter from Penelope and running her eye over it, "is her calling him Mr. Hnme. Hid you notioe ? That's horrid, to my think ing. « Mr. Hume haB just come into the room and deeires me to send his love to you all. Pray pardon my doing it.' Mr Hume! So vulgar. Only dreadful people speak of their husbands in that sort of way. It isn't nioe, now is it, Pen? I do hope when she comes home she will call him' George. If she doesn't there will be rather more talk than there is al ready." "Julia says people never talk when a woman has ten thousand a year." "Julia ia so clever," says William tho Gruff, with one of his loudest snorts. 41 Anyhow, I hope Nan won't go about 4 Mr. Homing' him all over the plaoe. It sots my teeth on edge." , . "Nan had always good taste. 'Even this hateful marriage oan'thave entirely demoralised her,'! says Penelope. 11 Then why 4,Mr. Hnme' him to us ? That's what puzzles me. Let me despise man over so zanoh, I shouldn't he vulgar booause of him." "Neither will Nan," says Penelope, de cisively. " 1 daresay she finds it hard to pnt -the name on paper ; that's all." 44 Poor dear heart! How ho haB spoiled her life for her," says Gladys mournfully, «« I am sure its bad enough to be married at au, -to give np one's liberty and gaiety and every thing — hut to find oneself tied to a wretch OK, dear." Here Bhe sighs off some of her indignation, and gives words to the rest. "Well, you wouldn't oatoh me doing it ! I think of all the tig fools I've heard of, Nan is the biggest." 44 Really, Gladys," sayB Battle, with all a Brother's unbearable intolerance, " I wish yon wonld'study your manner of speeoh a little. To speak of Nan as a "big fool' is to say what Nolly," with a glance at his youngest sister, 44 ought to be well whipped fsr saying." 41 But I didn't say it!" protests Nolly, waUngnp, and shrieking this protest at him in a shrill treble, alive with wrath. - : 44 1 know that.' I merely said that if you pnt suoh a sentence together , yon would teactily deserve a good whipping:" The severity in his tone is meant' forGladyB, bnt is naturally appropriated by Nolly, ' who waxes .more and more wrathful. ' ' "What are you scolding me for?" demands she/' " What have I done ? I didn't call Nan — n. a fool. I won't he scolded for things I didn't do It isn't a hit fair, is it, Psnolope ?" - I 44 Who'B soolding you?" roars Bartle. 41 I'm ,, J -only saying that if yon did say so mid so, you y Tvculd deservo a whipping." r 44 Well, so would yon, retortB Nolly, vagno tut' defiant. "You are a very impertinent little monkey," says Bartle,' angrily. \- 44 So aire yon," says'Nolly, in the well known xhondtony of passionate ohildhood. "Nolly," saya Penelope, rnshing into the breaob, 14 Go np stairs to my room and see if Heft thekeys on my table.' Andgo softly, so as not to'diBtnrb father." Nolly, relnotantly, as if sorry to leave tho iray, gets sideways off her chair, and does as 44 Father," says William, with a humph. 4,'Twould tako more than that to pat him oat. Selfi'eh old beggar." ' i': ' . ' 41 Now, William, don't," says Penelope, in- a, littlo pained voioe.- ' 41 Very well, I won't-then, and to make sura of-keeping my promise, I'll leave ' the room" says William, suiting the action to the word.- YeB, yes, he is right; father haB taken poor Nan's.unhappinoss in a very cavalier fashion," 5 saya Glady b. - "'Did I tell yon, Bartle, what, ho aaid to Penelope when she broke the news to him.?'. INo ? a Woll,. /Thank Heaven,' said he, 'there is one of yon off my shoulders.!-" ' Whatever Bartle'a indignant answer might have been to this, is lost in another one, given eotto voce. 44 Oh ! mnrdher ! Isn't he the divil ?" says Mr. Murphy, who, has oome in with some. hot cake's senfnp' by Mrs. Moloney,' the oook, Who has had an inkling that the yonng ladies aro in low spirits, and thuB atrivoa to enliven them. As nobody -rqinda; Murphy more tban the tables and" chairs,' the 'oonveraatiin flows an again, nnoheoked by his prosenco. ' ' "Poor Nan., I am afraid ehowillbo sadly altered 'when we see her. T quite dread tho first meeting, and bo soon now, next wook. She has never been really strong since that horrid fever caught her in tho spring, and I snpposo all the worry and misery since has npsst her so much that she will bo skin1 and bono when alio arrives. , . 44 1 oan fanoy her," says Gladys sadly. 44 Her pretty colour all gone; and her.faos liko a sheet of paper." > 41 And hor big eyes bigger still," says Peno- lope. " Just shining out like stars from hor wanoheeks." 44 And hor poor lips all pale and drawn," aays Gladys. 41 And— Oh," tearfully, "I hato to think of It, how full of laughtor sho used to he." - 44 We must expeot a very groat ohango," says Penelope. 41 Never again tho Nan that we knew, . I pan fanoy her spirit quite crushed and tor smile a thih'g of the 'past." 44 I shouldn't woqder it- her hair was a little jjray," saya Gladys. 41 Something tells me that all her front tooth willhavo fallen out," says Battle, putting m a last paralysing touoh. < It finishes Henjy at all events. That jjeuthfolp orsoo who has been getting manfully 1-. through a -handsome sllae of bread and hnttor, suddenly lays it down and gives way to a wild howl of mingled foar and grief. He gargles and gBBps, and only after a terrified examination on the part of Penelope, deolarca his determination to Beo Nan, 41 now, this minnlt— at ones— ;nll at once ! " under pain of instant expiration, as it seems to Penelope.' It takes, indeed, quite a considerable timo to oonbole him, and not until ho is oomfortnbly pcrohed on Barrio's kneo with the sugar bowl at a oonvenient distanoo dooa ho oonsont to mitigate the ardonr of his woe. 44 'Twonld be hard to bate him at a soresoh," Bays Murphy, who has been much oonoerned during the late enoonnter, "Master Henjy" being the apple of his eye. "Fanov Nan's being horo next Monday," rays Gladys, who seems unable to think of any thing else, 44 Not here ; up at tho cattle,'.' oorroats Pene lope. 44 How wonderfol that sounds. Of coarse I always knew Mr. Hume wee in love with hor. I knew, too, that he wanted to marry her. And yet I never thought of Nan as Grande Dame." 44 Now that she is one, I am afraid sho is very unhappy ," says Penelope, sadly. " Oh ! what good aro riohes ? When we woro all here togotber, poor as ohnroh mice, Nan was the gayest of tho gay. Now — " she panecR, her emphasis eniHoiently expressive to exolude tho want of farther explanation. 44 it ia true," says Gladys. 44 Wo keep ask ing for money, position, rank, and nil the thou Band and ono things that wo beliove go to make up the sum total of earthly prosperity, and wnen we havo got them, lo, thoy melt in our months, as it were, and we have not even the pieasnre of ewallowingthem." 44 Sic tramit gloria mundi," says Bartle, sen- tentionely, 44 1 do hope she won't have a had passage," Bays Penelope. 44 She is a good sailer, bnt these horrid boats have snob a smell about them that no ono oan ha sure of escaping the worst eicknces in the world. Murphy, where is Master William? Before he goes down to the college tell him I have a letter to be po3ted." 44 Yes Mies," says Murphy, who has been Icoking rather perplexed during the latter part of tho conversation. He haB beon listening to it during a pretended arranging of tho silver on tho sideboard, and not being Bare of what he has heard is now consumed with ouriosity. William '! Masther William ! olucidation may lie with him. Searching high and low he at last finds William in the schoolroom vainly trying to grasp the Latin task that should have been conquered overnight. 44 Masther William, come here aviok. Tell me this. What's the manin' o' the word thronsit, at all, at all ? " "Eh? "says William, rather lost in his Latin. "Thransit, me dear. Thransit was the word. I put me whole ear to it." 44 Oh, transit. Er— well— a passing," says William, altera severe struggle with his Bmall store of knowledge. ' 44 Faix ye have it," says Mr. Mnrphy, ad miringly. "Fegs it isn't for nothing that they're always whaokin' ye in the Bohool bolo w. Ye'll to a smart hoy yet, with the blesaiog. Oh, wieha 1 An' isn t it the terrible bad thing entirely for her the crathure? An' she wid a stomach not worth a f&rlhin;! Oh dear, oh dear ! An' cothin' back for the first time an' all ! "Hb real oruol on her ; 'tis tbruly. I'm tbinkin' 'tis prayin' we ought to he for her from this till Monday." 44 Praying? For whom?" asks William, growing interested. 44 Who on earth are you talking about?" 44 Atrab, who would it be hut yonr own sisther, o' course. Poor ohild ! Poor Miss Nan. Poor Mrs. Home, I mane. May the saints give me sinse." 44 You'd want it," says ' William grimly. "And I hope they will hurry np about it, as I am anxious to hear yon explain yourself. What's the matter with Nan?" 44 Say-siokness,' mo dear. No less. An' terrible had it is, I'm tonld. What worse would ye he wishin' her. I. heard 'em talkin' jist now in the dinin' room, an' Masther Bartle, sayBhe, 'She'll have a sick thransit of a glurions Monday,' says he. An' how Masther William, tell me this— Why would the say he rough on the orathnre if he's so cock sore the Monday will be glorions ?" 14 Ha— ha — ha," roars William unkindly. 44 WiBha, what ails ye now," asks Mnrphy indignantly. 44 Ye're for all the world like ah onld hen caohling." 44 Ho— ho— ho, " improves William, holding on to his sides. 44 Arrab, go to the divil ont of this," says Mr. 'Mnrphy, growing exoesdingly wroth. 'i Y' ought to be ashamed of yerself, an' yer eldest sisther on the fair read to be killed by the raging say. Oh, law ! bnt isn'tboys miserable oreathnres! There's no honldin' them when the spirit moveB 'om— an' its always a had one. Here, git along wid ye down to yer school, and that ye may get a good hiding is the biggest wieh o' me heart: Ye must be bad entirely to get a laugh out o' the rain o' yer sisther's in side." ' CHAPTER XXXVIII. Oh Nature, Nature, you're enough, . To put a Quaker in a huff, Ox- make a martyr crumble. Mr. Murphy's 44 Glorious Monday" hah dawned at last, and everybody in Rathmore is on the tiptoe of expectation. In a last hasty sorawl, Nan 'had given them to understand that she would : be with them about three, o'olook, and now, already, that honr is striking. There had been no' suggestion in her letter of their meeting her at the Castle, n relief to the girls, as nexc to. Nan herself they dread- meeting Hnme. The latter, indeed, has bit by. hit grown to be a modern -ogre in their estimation, with that old worthy's insatiable malioo, un limited power, unutterable oruelty, nails, teeth, hair, and heard, and everything oomplete. Lnique, in faot, though at any prioe a bad bargain. "She may he hero at any moment!" says Penelope, taming from the window to speak to Gladys. Hie others have all dispersed ; the children, eoroly:against their will, having.been consigned to the oare of Mrs. Matoney, with a request that :Bhe will see that they do not scil the new. pinafores 1 specially made :by Penelope in honour of Nan's return. .< 44 1 qnito dread' it," saya Gladys; : " Don't yon?' Tho meeting her,'.! mekn. .T cah'juBt fanoy how- she will look." ; 44 A word expresses it," -says Penelope, with sorrowful conviction. 44 Crushed ! -that is how she will lopk," ; "Yes, "inwardly. and outwardly I' oannot hoar to think of her as— dowdy !" 44 That will.be hard .on her. . . Beoauso I feol i euro from the way she writes that she won't touoh a pouny .of his money. And I don't : blame her either. Vfell, wo , must only . try to .help her there; .she oan have as much as; she jused to have when at home." . ... | 44 And serve him right, too,' if he sees his wife going about shabby." -, - : V-lt, wtll break down hor spirit,' however, i Wo can't provent. that. She will never be out ;dear old.lively Nan again.',' I. 4 ' Do yon remember how she need to keep ns all alive? 'She, was the best of ns. Always roadyfora laugh.or jest. And hardly ever a oioes wordi -for the: children, no matter How troublesome, they might be. And bow fond she was'of doueing. Well, well, that's aU over."., '"Don't/speak of her as if she were dead, V 'says Penelopo, with' a little Bhiver.i 44 Oh, poor, protty, merry Nan !" Something — a alight noise behind them— an indistinct little frou-frou as of silken pettiooata makes them turn, and— Is this Hume's viotim ? Is this radiant orea- tcre, olad in the latest Parisian frock, the pale, " dowdy," orushed Nan ? Good heavens, what is .the meaning of it all ? , 44 Hero l am ! " cries Mrs. Hamo, in a fresh nnd thrllliii'g' tone, rioh in-youth and spirits. Sho is pl&inlydelighted; at tho sensation Bhe has caused. 44 Oh!" with a long-drawn sigh of deepest joy, and a little glad swaying of the body towaraB them— 41 Oh, girls ! " 4! It!s you. It is really you," ory they, and they fly to- her, and fllrsg themeelves ' bodily upon her. Thero is no -doubt about their eostaoy. 4.'So you ,have oomo P But: bow f Wo havo been staring ont of the window atitho uvenne for tho jlaat hour." . . : 44 Whilst I .oame in " liy tho! Ibaok way," laughing happilyi ... " Throngh the.' yard I eamo. I was dotormined'to Btoal a march upon you. Ilinow yon are all woll, booause I oross- examined ono of tho womon np there," point ing airily m a direction that might lead you ' to Nova Zambia, bub la meant to lead you to -the Castle, "andsho scud thero wasn't so mdcH as a cut finger amongst Jan." 1 - ( \\) » ' ; if i.l -. -f " i ' ! : v. i-t 44 And— and you ?" asks Penelope, hesitat ingly, who is lost in a sea of.amazemept.—. Con thfH merry, lovAlyJ'girl (be tho 'doUfaV writer of those depressing letters that -have droppod down npon them like so many, damp donas during the past month. -4'-1 44 Oh, I'm all. right," says Mrs., Hnme, brightly. 44 Nowthat I'm baok with you all I mean. Oh! Penny !" with anothor hug, 44 its grand to ho homo again." 44 It will be only half homo, now, though, " says Gladys, who is evidently making a oareful stndyofher. ' 4 4 Yep, that's tho worst of it. Bat I oan get hero evory day, and have yon np with mo' bs- eidea. He oan' t spoil all that, anyway." The girls change colour. Aftor a desperate encounter with her wits, Penelope manages to get out the following brilliant piece of oourtoay . 44 And — and— how's— he ?" says she, in a fal tering tons, the usually lowered tone that ono adopts when speaking of tho hopolessly dis graced.- . "BesBt!" fays Mrs. Hnme, promptly. At this the younger girls onoe again inter change looks, and finally give it up. 44 Oh," Bays Gladys, "eeoing yon — hearing you — we thought Of course, until this moment, we knew you oould not possibly Bnt yon look so well, so happy, that now we hoped that » 44 You oan hope as muoh as you like," says Mrs. Hnme, Btnrdily. 44 But you'll never see what you hope for. How oould you, when you remember overything ? " There is an awkward pause after this, that threatens tobolengthened, hat for Gladys— who, having been horn with a fall sense of the ludi crous, suddenly gives way to a stilled langh. "Anyway," says she, itroproFsibly, "He doesn't check either your spirit or yonr dress maker's hills." . Indeed, Nan is in such foil feathor, and so well gowned, that it is quite a treat to look at her. 44 No," sayBshe. 44 Why? What did you think?" 44 Nothing. Nothing at all," interrupts Penelope. 4 Come over hero, and Bit by the f re, and toll ns everything. You oan't think how we have miesed you." 44 And ae for me, well I jnst lived on the thought of getting back," says Nan; and indeed one might well believe her Her very eyes seem to langh, and the whole air is fall of a sweet exhilaration. 44 Where are the hoys ?" asked she. 44 I've got so many things for them. Bat they were too big to bring in the carriage, and 1 had to leave them behind me. They mast come up to the castle to get them. And as for you Gladys, do you remember a colour you used to fanoy, a sort of eleotrio bine— well — I've got y on such a pretty velvet frookjust that shade, and another for yon, Penny, only yonrs is paler, to suit yonr bair. And where aro my Nolly and Henjy?" 44 They are with Moloney. Let them stay with - her a moment, Nan," says Penelope, desperately. 44 1 — we must speak to yon." 41 What's tho good of It?" says Nan, de jectedly. "" All the talking in the world won't alter the faot that he made me marry him against my will. But I snppose it must be gone over. Wasn't it a shamefal trick he played me P Who would forgive it ? Not I." \- 44 Not I, for another," said Gladys. 44 Yon don't speak, Pen," saysNan, reproaoh- fnlly . Penelope reddens. 44 It is only— that as he isn't unkind to you— as ho is actually kind," BBys she, glancing at Nan's beautiful cob tune. "It has occurred to me that love should be blamed, not he. How ever," hastily, 4 'that doee not blind me to the fact that you are unhappy. We all feel for, and with you. Oh 1 Nanoy, darling, it mnst dreadful to have to live one's whole life with a man one hates. We must all try and love you twice as much Ob ever, to make np to you for it. in a small way." 44 What seemed to me so had," saya Gladys, 44 w&b; your having to- go on a tour with him. To he alone with him must have been worse than anything. And for a month or more ; and all 'through Switzerland. How detestable it must have been." 44 Yes, yes," eays Penelope, with deepest sympathy. 44 To spend day after day with a man who had proved himself so bise. I should , thick you often wished yonreelf dead." 44 1 didn't," sate MrB. Hnme slowly, who is looking at them with a growing snrprise in her large eyes. "No. Then ihat was very good of yon," 83ys Penelope. 44 Never mind, darling," caressingly, 44 you'll he better now yon have us ' again. We'll back you up on every oeoasion. He shan't feel that yon are friendless ever a gait.. And by degrees, no doubt, yon will try and forget that Shocking journey." 44 But what a pity that it should be so re- ' memhered," Bays Gladys regretfully. 44 To see all those deliciouB placeB that wo would give ; onr eyes to see, ana oan't, and then to hate ' thim ; to feel every honr a burden ; not to en- ' joy one's self at all. Oh, it is eriiel !" ! Mrs. Hume, who bus been staring at thorn blankly, now breaks in. . "Is that how you took it?" save she, iu- a I littlo dismay, tempered with kindly contempt. , 44 You were wrong then. Do you imagine that I I was so highly strung, such an orthodox : heroine of romanco that I was bound to lejeot ' the good that lay ready, to my hand, all because of the unkind fate, that bad seized me ? No, indeed. Iwas, andem"— witha little angry ' frown, — 44 determined to got all the good I oan ! out of the life that has been forced upon me. I went with — with him to Switzerland, and I tell i yon now, " - rather defiantly, 44 that I never en- ! joyed myself bo much in my life as when I was -there. It,"' enthusiastically, and as if for the moment forgetful of her grlovanoos, and think- jing only of her past delight, 44 it was all : heavenly. My ODly regfet was thai yon could 'not share my happiness. Who ia .he?" : haughtily, "that yon should imagine he had power lo check my pleasure in the beantios that | natnre spread before me ?" .. . This is taking suoh an extremely high tone— ! is suoh a remarkable reading of the diffionltr — that Penelopo and Gladys feel themselves left j without a word to say. An awkward pauBO 1 ensues with whioh they hardly know what to i do, but which is meroifully terminated by tho I entrance of the two youngest ohildron, who ! instantly piecipitate themselves upon Nan. 44 Oh Nanny. And you're not ohanged a hit," \- i cries Henjy, standing on tiptoe and staring i eagerly into her faoo. 44 Penny said you'd be i like a- -'.ghost; nnd thaf ybur eyes would be 'staitingoutof your head; and y outhair would bo 1 lwhite; and'Bartle said yonr teeth would be all | pulled' cut. ' Open your mouth a mihuto, will ijou?" .>! : 1 44 And Gladys Baid you wouldn't have a rag ito your baok," says Nolly, glaring defiantly a 1 tho crushed Gladys over N an'a shoulder. Ihey 1 skid they knew you would' not touch'a penny of '» 'Mr'. " '' ' 1 | " Nolly; hold yonr" tonguo," exolaima Pene- ' ! lopo' in a tone of such sharp anger, that coming 'from heir— the pe'iially meek and mild— it drives 1 'oven the irrepressible-Nora'tb silenoe. ' 1 ." NonBoceo'! Don't soold her," says- Nan. " I44 Of course loan see noW how you' wo'nld' all look 'at it, bnt you'll understand in time'. ; I'm j not fho tort of po'rson to go in rags,"— with a little 'laugh— 44 if it is possibly to be avoided. .And because, he has made mo unhappy; rtm I 'still fnriherto martyrise myself ?_;Oome, lot us ' talk sense, whatever we do. Ohitdrcn to begin ;with you' — laughing more naturally this time, — 44 what does, sense mean? Sweeties, toys, cakes; -eh? -Well; they are all in tho : corrisgo that brought me hero. I wonder where it is?"-"'"'-" ' ' 44 Here it is. I hear the whools serunohing in tho gravel," cries Henjy, hysterically. 44 Hurry out, and bring thorn in," . And, indeed, tho brougham that sho had left in the 3 aid, tho hotter to steal a maroh on her listers, now'drives slowly up' to the hall dooi, whereupon there is a regular stampedo on tho . part of all and a return in a fow minutes with all- their arms hoavily laden, Never were children made happier by moro boautlful gifts. As for'the girls'! What a torriblo g iridic will bo who knows herself indifferent -to a new frock ! At present sho docs not ixist, 1 ' Through Penelope's mind, however, one thought run's. . 'It is n r sort of oonnndrnm, and presents itsolf, in many different forms, the - Chief one being— " When a man is a monster what makeB-him shower mohey upon his - wife that she may render herself and her poople happy I". The answer soema far' to eoek. j The ohildron are still in eostasios, when a lhadow falling ' through one of the ' windows ounseB Gladys to look up from her' delighted Contemplation of her new gown.- " I "Oh, hQre is Jlr. Humo 1" .ones sho lira little nervous wnqpor. t . 1.. j - - -''-'jplSr le 'continued? . \ I 1 1 1 1 : 1 uY'j - :: """" . -J .«: : s . It1 1 1 ) l-' ; j;' - : = 