A Dublin Hamlet. " I am av the opinion is Polonius whin he said, 'Don't fight wid ivry scutt for the pure joy av fightin'. but if you do, knock the nose aft him fitat an' frequint.' " " What do yon know about Polonins," I demanded, Thie ™ a new Bide of Mulvanoy'e character. " AU that Shakespeare iver wrote an' a dale more than the gallery sbonted. Did I not tell you av Silver's theatre in Dublin, whin I was younger than I am now, an' a patron of the drama? Onld Silver wud never pay aotor man or woman their jnBt dues, an' by orasequinoe bin oompinios was collapsible at the last mtnnt'. Thin the bhoys wud claipor to tako a part, ai,' oit as rot onld Silver made tbim pay for the fun. Faith, I've seen Hamlut played with u sew blaok eye an' the queen as full us a cornu copia. I rcmimber wasn't Hogin, that 'listed in the Blaok Tyrone, an' was shot in South Africa, he sojuood onld Silvor into given' him Hamlut's pact instid av me that had fine fancy for" rhetoric in those days. Av course I Wint into the gallery qn' Vegan | to fill the pit wia other people'B hate, an' I passed the time av day to Hogin walk in' throngh Denmark like a hamstrung male wid a pall on his back. ' Hamlnt,' eez I, ' there's a hole in your hool. Pnll up your ehtockin's, Hamlnt, sea I.' 1 Hamlnt, Hamlnt, for the love av daoiuov dhrop that sknll an' pnll np yonr shtookin s.' The whole house began to tell him that. He shtopped his sililo quishma mid-between. 1 My shtookih's may be oonlin' down or they may not,' eez he, screw in' his eyes into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. 'Bat afther this performinoe is over, me an' the ghost '11 knock the head ay yon, Terence.' Eyah.' Those dayej those days. Did yon ivcr hare onendih* diviiment an hothin' at all in all your whole blissed life to pay, sort?" "Never, without having to pay," I said. "That's throe! 'Tie mane when youoon eidhcr on it; but it's same wid horse or fat. A headsohe if you drink, an' a belly-ache if yon ata too mnch, on' a heartache to kape all down. Faith, the beast only gets the oolio, an' he's the luoky man,"— -Rudyard Kipling* 