ALICE LESLIE. By Pxxov B. 8S. Joni. OHAPTER XLII. He fell back on his seat as he did so, and in a choked voice ordered more beer, a request which he in stantly countermanded, and said, 'Brandy, hot." The landlord left the room to execute his commands. Jim Belcher pushed'-back his chair, and drew a long breath. In his life of vicissitude and adventure he had experienced many surprises, but never such a blow as this. On aseat opposite the publichouse, on the other side of the road, sat a black man, whose travel-stained garments and staff showed that he, too, had come a long wvay. His eyes were half closed, and.he was reposing, as if after a heavy march, and the chances were he had not seen his enemy. But Jim Belcher felt as if an ice bolt had suddenly taken the place of his heart; a vague dread of something very terrible indeed fell upon his seared and guilty soul. The man of many evil deeds-the bold and- resolute burglar, the coiner, the forger, for all had he been in his time- quailed before this other crimi nal, who, like a sleuth hound after his prey, had tracked him, despite all his precautions, to the very out skirts og London. He could not take his eyes off him. Imagine, then, his relief when he saw Naick rise, take a drink from a pump, which served to feed a horse-trough, and resume his journey. Belcher sipped- his brandy-and water with a sense of comfort and re lief, which only the reprieved criminal experiences under ordinary circum stances. He even joked with the landlord, told wonderful stories, and did not leave the house uhtil he had made a hearty supper, and seen the shades of evening fall upon all nature, animate and inanimate. When he ventured forth, the stars were shining brightly above, while in the distance rose to the heavens the myriad lights of London, giving to the vast city the appearance of some gigantic- camp 'with its innumerable watch: fires. Lightly he trod the high-road which led by way of Stamford-hill to the vast city which had given him birth, and to the.small and insalubrious spot which he called home. Jim Belcher was a Londoner, and used to all the tricks and turnings of that great capital; but he was as ignorant'as a child of the wiles of the Hindoo. Naick had seen him distinctly from the bench opposite the ale house, and watched him enter the tavern, but it was no part of his plan to appear to do so. The first-born child of the sun was too cunning to show his triumph. Jim-Belcher, in the serenity and confidence of his heart, entered Kigh-street, 'Stoke-Newington, still whistling as he went, not from want of thought, but from excess of jollity. - How he laughed in his sleeve at , the simplicity of the accursed negro. The simplicity of the Thug!-, He had gained about the middle of the street, and was discus sing with himself the propriety of entering a place of public refreshment. The argument vas brief but conclu sive. He would hurry on, for was he not impatient to see his delighted col lection of dogs and rats? He smiled as he reflected on his many and valu able household treasures, and pro ceeded on his way. As he did to, a dark, woolly head was protruded from a narrow street, two glaring eyes fixed themselves upon the retreating form of a rat killer,, and the body of the Hindoo emerged cautiously from its place of concealment. From that instant Naick never once lost sight of his quondam friend and sup posed master, the colonel. Jim used no more caution; he had thrown his blackamoor enemy off the scent, and he feared nothing.' He walked straight forward, until Lon don-bridge came in sight, from which choice region he was soon able to gain his much-loved Bermondsey. Sud denly he recollected that the key of his domicile was not in his posses sion, but in that of an aged female of the name of. Tubbs, who had under taken, for a consideration, to feed his animals during his absence. Now, Mrs. Tubbs was a lodging house keeper in a locality known as Blue Anchor-lane, and to Blue Anchor-lane accordingly Jim pro ceeded; still followed by Naick. Krs. Tubbs was a peculiar woman; she was of a dismal turn, and looked melancholy. Her home was a huge pile, which once had been inhabited by persons moving inma higher sphere .than those who now generally reside in Bermondsey.. She chiefly accommo dated mechanics of the dubious kind -costermongers, cracksmen, super annuated dustmen, dog-breakers, dealers in birds, sellers of sprats and herrincgs, hawkers of prints, bill stickers, and others of anomalous pursuits, to. say nothing of the haggard skeletons who work for slop shops.i Now, Belcher and Mrs. Tubbs were old acquaintances, and had, in days gone by, been even acconiplices. It was natural, then, that she should undertake, during her old comrade's absence, the agreeable task of feeding his animals. Every morning and every evening during the absenteeism of Jim, did the widow Tubbs march from Blue Anchor-lane to Jacob's Island, a huge. basket on her arm, and there remain some half hour. The regularity of this mancsuvre had for several mornings excited the surprise and curiosity of a somewhat seedy-looking costermonger, who for some considerable time had lurked about, the purlieus of Jacob's Island, and. who one evening, in consequence, to k upoli himself to follow her. . He a'uas a middle-aged nman in velveteen jacket, broken hat, and highlows, and with a short black pipe perpetually stuck in his mouth. His appearance was not so miserable as his dress; for in his eye there was a merry twinkle, which could scarcely have accompanied a bad heart. " A pleasant evening, mum," said he, pulling out his pipe, and wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "Very," said the dismal woman, who supposed he knew her in her character of lodging-house keeper. " Nice pleasant walk, mum, of a summer's evening," he continued. "You allude, young man, I sup pose, to Jacob's Island ?" "I does, mum. This is your place, mum ? ain't got ne'er a room to let ?" continued the other. "No," replied Mrs. Tubbs; " no room-only half a bed." " Ain't particular," said the man. Now it appeared that this admirer of the picturesque and salubrious had a little money to spend, and Mrs. Tubbs was always partial, to. persons in his predicament. So it happened, as a natural consequence, that when the stranger proposed to smoke his pipe and drink his beer in Mrs. Tubbs' own parlour, that she not only made no objection, but hospitably entreated him to make himself quite at home apermission he was not slow to take advantage of. He thus became acquainted pretty rapidly with all the lodgers in the. house, as not one could get out or in during the day or night without pass ing the open door of Mrs. Iubbs, a precautionary measure which spoke much for the keen attention to busi ness of the proprietor, and but little for the honesty of the lodgers. It happened strangely enough that on the night of the return of Mr. Belcher to town, and about 7 o'clock in the evening, that this interesting addition to the family of Mrs. Tubbs had sat himself down to his evening enjoyment, just as the dismal widow rose to depart upon her customary errand. At this moment the thin, gaunt figure of a woman, thinly clad, famine in her eye, and hunger in every feature, brushed past the doorway, with a small bundle under her arm. " Who's that?' said the new lodger, with something of a theatrical start. '5 Slop, slop !" replied Mrs. Tubbs, " going to turn 'em out." " Why ?" asked the seedy man, in a strange tone of voice. "Poor creatures !" said the dismal woman, "can't pay no rent. Sorry for 'em; but I'm a poor, lone woman myself, and can't take them things into consideration." "Of course not. How many on 'm ?" asked the stranger. "Old man, young woman, child dying, huband dead, werry affect ing !" said the dismal woman. " Werry." " I do believe they're starving; ain't' had no vurk this blessed fort night." "Oh!" "Sold every rag," said the dismal woman, wrapping her warm shawl round her bony shoulders, and taking up the basket of good victuals in tended for the dogs and rats; " good bye, sir-back directly. By the way, when that young 'oman comes back, tell her to-morrow morning, no later." " All right," said the seedy one, and Mrs. Tubbs thereupon vanished. Hideous was the grimace the seedy one made at the woman behind her back ; more than that, he rose, shook his fist, and then looked cautiously round the room. A large basket caught his eye. To seize it, to rush out, to fill it with bread, meat, and other articles of food, including a bottle of milk, and a stone jar of ale, was the work of fewer minutes perhaps than ever such a proceeding occupied before. The man then returned to the house, and he and the young woman were face to face. " Mum !" said the seedy one. " Let me pass," replied the pale and haggard woman. She was about twenty, with rich black hair and wondrously large eyes -and most unnaturally large they looked upon those haggard and pallid cheeks- and features which once had been beautiful, but which now were so pinched and shrivelled up by want, by sheer starvation, that few but the keen;eye of the man would have re cognised her. She wore a miserable cotton gown and an old shawl-and an acute ob server would have said little else but she stood erect and cold, with as much pride as if. she had been a queen. "I don't know you, sir. Let me pass," were her words. " Not if I knows it," resumed the other; " you know Mrs. Tubbs ?" "I do, sir." " She says you're to turn out to morrow." "Oh'! sir, one more day-my child is dying-dying of-of-" " Starvation !" said the seedy one; "and ain't you ashamed, young voman-- ain't you ashamed of yourself to go for to 'do such a thing in this 'ere Christian country, where there is sich lots of charitable people, and pious institutions, for the blind, the lame, the sick-I forgot-hanged if I didn't-there ain't none for the hungry. Now hearken, young voman, do you see this basket ?" " I do." "And this sovereign." " Sir !" "Now, just howl along, will yer, and feed your blessed baby; and 'if ye war to, blow out your own precious hide a bit, it wouldn't go for to make you werry fat. N.Tow, nowords, that's. the basket, and there's the door." "I am starving, my father and child are both' dying for want of sustenance, of a mouthful of bread, but-but-sir, we are not beggars. I-I can't take all this from a stranger !"' "'Can't yer?" said the seedy one; "you can tell me all, about that. another time." And the owner of the velveteen jacket pushed her towards the door. The young woman took hold of the basket with a frantic air, but it was more than her strength could raise. "I sees I must carry it for you," continued the rough but apparently benevolent stranger. And, disregarding all apologies, ex cuses, and thanks, the seedy one pushed the young woman before him, and followed her up-stairs. CHAPTER XLIII. MURDER. They had been months in that house, the tenants of the dismal woman, but at first they had money- little enough, it is true, but still enough to keep that metaphorical animal, the wolf, from the door. They had'lived with the utmost par simonious-nay, penurious economy denying themselves everything, the child nothing. The woman had, as their money grew less and less, taken to that hope less resource of the most impoverished and destitute, the needle! Strange, that the only one thing, which is as a rule taught to woman, should be in general so , grinding, wretched, and hopeless a means of existence. She took in work from the low priced shops, which find the working man, the clerk, and the shop-boy in cheap clothes at the expense of the blood, bones, and sinews of their wretched sisters. This miserable slavery had brought them for a little time such help as it does bring to the hundreds and thousands who are driven to it as a last resource--that is, e bare existence. But the woman's strength had failed her, work was wanted in a hurry, she detained some waistcoats two days over the time agreed upon, and was suspended from work for fifteen days. Suspended from work for fifteen days! This to the well paid, and well fed, is little punishment; it is but a holiday, in fact; but to the crushed slave of the ill-fed lamp, with some sixpence or so a-day, it is as a condemnation to death, for it is fourteen days of utter starvation. So it proved to these forlorn wretches. To feed the child, they sold, first, the man's clothes, who now, without the means of rising, lay the livelong day on a miserable bed; next, the woman parted with all that decency would allow, until they were so reduced that evening, that they had vainly striveii to obtain a mouth ful by the sale of some neglected rags which they had found amongst their bedding. It was their last miserable hope; after that, nothing but death. The room was bare-Mrs. Tubbs was never celebrated for any extra supply of furniture-having nothing in it but a bed, a deal table, and one chair. On the bed lay, all bit dead, the grey-headed old man and the infant babe. The woman entered hurriedly, and advanced towards the couch. " Well, girl ?" said the old man, fiercely. "Saved ! saved i" He rose up. Unshaven,. gaunt, thin, dirty, there was yet a strange dignity in that ghost of a man, which could not have but favourably im pressed the most indifferent observer. '"Saved, lass !" he said, in hollow and wild tones; " how ?" " Well, what cheer, messmate ?" said the seedy one, as he followed her into the room with his load of pro visions. "Who are you ?" said the old man. " Never you mind, my hearty; you just eat, aid then we'll talk a little about business." And the seedy one proceeded to draw from the interior of the basket article after article of food and drink, which he laid upon the table before the astonished eyes of both man and woman. " I'm an old friend, only you doni't know it. Here, missus, this milk is for the blessed baby; and you, old gentleman, just inwigorate your precious carkas with a drop of this superior old ale, it will just warm you," continued their strange and somewhat vulgar benefactor. fTo be Continued.) 