STTM — : — i " 170 ; Dead ' Bodies" Have how \ : Been recovered From tlio Newport Colliery. Relief fund opened in London. 'Itlquest on victims of Aberychan Colliery disaster, comincticed/ Prinbo Ferdinand oifered to abdicate from Bulgarian Throne. Charles Rivers Allpr'ess remanded from Lon- doh to Melbourne. Mitchell beat Mace at Glasgow. Three rounds. \- Over iOOO persons passed through the turn stiles at Solomon's Museum on Saturday. Earl of Derby is of opinion that Australian federation should bo accomplished us soon as possible.. Canadians of Montreal insist upon being recognised as an independent nation, free from the authority of England. Sir Elliot Bovill appointed Chief Justice of West Australia. London dockers have withdrawn declara tion that they will not work with non- unionists after February 10. French Royalists being roughly handled. Edward Chambers, 01, a bootmaker, living at 182"Crown-rond, Ultimo, was taken to tho Sydney Hospital last night suffering from a fraotured leg, tlio result of a fall. A vast amount of genuine distress and poverty was discovered by the party of gentle men who made a tour of inspection of the Domain on Friday night. "What's tho matter with Sir Henry Fatkes?" . ClioruB please, " He's all right." Fpy a piece of plain English and straight forward speaking ib would oe hard to beat the letter of Sir Charles Lilley. -Sir Charles Lilley says Imperial Federation is " a phantom with loss substance behind it than Hopper's famous ghost." The total loss said to have, been sustained by the recent Buudaberg floods amounts to about Lf>7,000. \- A cable systom of trains will probably be laid down in Brisbane Alderman M'Master has been elected Mayor of Brisbane for the present yoar. The chairman of tho Central Separation League ((-juoonsland) has addressed a letter to , the president of tho Federal Conference, . in which ho points out tlio necessity for dividing large colonics into separate eolonies. ' There appears to be no hope of any early settlement of the strike between tho boiler- makers and the proprietors of tlio Cauon Iron- Works at Port Adelaido. The wreck of tho barque Glenrosa was sold at 'Adelaide on Saturday for LldO, and the cargo for L22D. A branch of the Australian Natives' Asso ciation is to be formed at l'almerston (Northern Territory). David Buchanan, in a lengthy letter to the Sydney' Mousing Heuald this morning, dis cusses the question of Federation, and udvo- catos an independent nation. Sedrlo was a phenomenon oh water, but Toohey's Sparkling Amber Ale now holds tho premier jiosition. Look for label on the llotel." The barque "Veritas from Sydnoy, bound to Singapore, lias put into Brisbane dismasted. ' There is only sufiioiont water in the Goul- burn reservoirs tor 17 days' supply. A number of persons " went " for oach other at ah ice establishment in Melbourne. They all wanted to beserved at once. ' Counsel in tho Melbourne Moss will case contend that the man was justified in dis- Xiosing of liis will as lie thought fit. Tho title doods of the Renmark irrigation colony (South Australia) will shortly be lianded over to Cliaffey Bros. A Melbourne and Adelaido syndicato has applied to tho Victorian Government for a grant of land on Reedy Creek, near Mannum, on the Murray, for the purpose of establishing an irrigation colony. ' The South Australian Parliament will probably be dissolved in April. ' '.Now Protectionist journal atartod at Mi'idge'o. ' Bishop Barry is opposing tho granting of tho royal assent to tho Australian Divorce Extension Bill. Tho Coogee Aquarium was densely crowded last Sunday afternoon. Next Sunday many eminent vocal and instrumental artists are to appear." Alias Van Tassell at Newcastle on Saturday droppod from a parachute a distance of thousands of feet, lauding Safely. The balance of half a million of fixed deposits of the Victorian Government with the 10 associated banks fell duo on Saturdayj -and the amount has been transferred to the drawing account. Wait till tho clouds roll by, Miss Van Tassell. ' Proposed intercolonial conference of railway commissioners to discuss the alteration of the railway gauges to a uniform gauge. Robert GraySon expired on Saturday at the Melbourne Hospital whilst being operated on under chloroform. . , A plumber named Henry Tonill was seriously injured at Richmond (Vic.) through u gas explosion. ". The mortality, in Viotoria from typhoid and diphtheria was not so great last week as for Bdtne'weelcs proViously. ' The master bakers showed some inclination to turn crusty, but a strike has been averted.' . The bakers' dispute will end in a compromise. Half a loaf is better than none. Sydney Reserve Rifle Club and the Naval Artillery Volunteer Rifle Club fired a match at Paddiugton on Saturday, The former won by 30 points. ; A case of supposed infanticide is reported from Buliiuba (I).) 'Messrs. Cox and Deasy, M.'sP., representa tives. of the Irish National Parliamentary Party, were picnicked down the harbor on Saturday. The schooner Daisy has been wreoked on one of the Tongan group. Tho eraw- were Raved. Thoro is trouble in the Freo-trade Associa tion about the' federation racket. . Sir Henry Pnrkes, on his own showing, has no right to be at tho conference. He said onco that delegates should be appointod by. Parliament. ; New South Wales farmers know the ill effect of competition with outside growers, and are consequently Protectionists, says Mr, _ ,, QlSullivan, M.L.A. , ' "There is a disputo between the retiring Mayor of Wentworth and the Aldermen as to tho appointment of the new Mayor. The aldermen of Raymond Terrace object to taking the position of Mayor. Experts are strongly - impressed with the Valuo of the West Australian kauri and jarrah forests. \- Mr. Brown, conservator of forestry for ' South Australia, is of opinion that WeBt Aus tralian jarrah can be successfully introduced to tho Port "Lincoln district. Mr. Deasy, M.P., spoke at Junee on Friday night. ; " -The Chief Justice has turned explorer, and . discovered a new path in the Blue Mountains from the " Echo" to Lcura Falls. Floods in tho far interior of South Aus tralia. Thebarquo.Glonrosa was sold on Saturday for L1G0, and part of tho cargo for L220. ' You cannot show greater wisdom than by selecting a piano at W. H. Paling and Co. 's, Limited, the oldest established house m tho trado. Best display ; lowest prices; easy terms." . Sight yestpred. Spectaolos and eye-glasses' fitted and iimde to order at Dineen and Co.'s, l>29 George-street." . Colonial produce, best quality: b team-cut screened chaff, fresh daily, at J. Toohey's, Globo and Abercrombio streets." \- The lightnoss of cakes, scones, &o.;, made xyith "Stato Baking X'owdor," is simply marvellous." . On .and- after February 9 tho business of Hogan nnd Smith, watchmakers, jewollors, &c.;, 350 George-street, will bo carried on under the name of Dumol Hogan and Co., at the new promises, Australian Joint Stock Bonk Build- ' mgo, Uoorge and King streets," . For puro teas direct from the plantation go \- to Springhalt -and Co., Tea Merchants, 573 Gcorgo-stroot." \- LoongShan T House, 137 King-street (op. Theatre Royal), now open. Choice grills, so., from 7.30a.m. to 11.30p.m. QuongTortanaCo. 