T5S STORYTELLER. Urith : A. Tale of Dartmoor. Bt S. Baking Gould, M.A. Author of 'Mehalab,' ' John Herring,' 'Court Royal,' &c.; Chaptee XLIL— ON THE BRIDGE. Fox soon recovered himself, and seeing Anthony moving and rising oa one hand, he came up to him again, and thrust him back, and once more stooping over him, rained the knife. ' ' One for Urith,' he eaid, ' one for myfelf, and then one for Julian.' Before he could strike he was caught by the neck and dragged away. Luke Cleverdon was in the hall ; he had entered un observed, Fox stood leaning against the table, hiding his weapon behind him, looking at Luke with angry but alaraied eyes. il Go,' said Luke, waving his left hand. ' I have not the strength to detain you, nor are there sufficient here to assist me were I to summon aid. Go ! ' Fox, still watching him. sidled to the door, holding his knife behind, bnt with a sharp, quick look at Anthony, who was disengaging himself from the burden of Urith, lying unconscious across hies, and raising himself from where he had fallen. Blood flowed from his bosom and stained his vest. ' It whs she. She bade me ! ' said Fox, pointing towards Urith. Then he passed through the door into the porch, and forth into the night. Look bent over Uritb, who remained unconscious, and raised her to enable Anthony to mount to his feet, then ha gently laid her down again, and said, ' Before any one comes in, Anthony, let me attend to you, and let us hide, if it may be, what has happened from other eyes.' He tore open Anthony's vest and shirt, and disclosed his breast. The knife had struck and dinted the broken token, then had glanced off and inflicted a flesh wound. So forcible had been the blow that the impress of the broken crown, its part of a circle, and the ragged edge were stamped on Anthony's skin. The wound be had received was not dangerous. The token bad saved his life. Had it not turned the point of Fox's knife, he would have been a dead man, the blade would have entered his heart. Luke went to the well-chamber, brought thence a towel, tore it down the middle, passed it about tbe body of Anthony, and bound the linen so fast round him as to draw together the lips of the wound, and stay the flow of blood. He said not one word wbiht thus engaged. Nor did Anthony, whose eyes reverted to Urith, lying with face as marble, andtnotionlesR upon the floor. When Luke had finished his work, he said gravely, ' Now 1 will call in aid. Urith must be conveyed up stairs, you ride for a surgeon, and do not be seen. Uo to my house, and tarry till 1 arrive. Take one of your best horses, and go.' .Anthony obeyed in silence. When Mistress Pen warn e bad returned from her visit to Magdalen Cleverdon, she had communicated the in telligence of Fox's suit, and of tbe old Squire's reso lution, to Luke, and he at once started for Willswor thy, that he might eee Anthony. Of the offer made by the father to Anthony he, of course, knew nothing ; but the proposal to marry Bessie to Pox, and lor the latter to assume the name of Cleverdon, filled him with concern. Bessie would need a. firmer supporter than her Aunt Magdalen to enable her to resist tbe pressure brought uoon her. Moreover, Luke was alarmed at tbe thought of the result to Anthony. He would be driven to desperation, become violent, and might pro voke a broil with Fox, in which weapons would be drawn. He arrived at Willsworthy in time to save the life of Antlony. and he had no doubt that the quarrel hnd arisen over the suit for Bessie, and the meditated assumption of the Cleverdon name. Anthony was hot headed, and would never endure that Fox should step into his rights. But Luke could not understand what had induced Fox to run his head into danger. That he was audacious be knew, but this was a piece of auda city of which be did not supp -se him to be capable. Anthony saddled and bridled the best horse in the stable, and rode to Tavistock. where he placed himself in the bands of a surgeon. He did not explain how he had come by the wound, but he requested the man to keep silence concerning it. Quarres over their cups were not infrequent among the young men, and these led to blows and sword-thrusts, as a matter of course. The surgeon confirmed the opinion expressed by Luke. The wound was not serious, it would soon heal ; and he sewed it up. As he did so he talked. There was a stir in the place, bquire Crymes of Kilworthy had been sending round messages to the villages, call ing on- the young men to join him. He made no secret of his intentions to march to the standard of the Duke of Monuiouth. 'It is a curious fact,' paid Surgeon Pierce, 'but his Lordship tbe Earl of Bedford had been sending down a large quantity of arms to his house that had ! been built out of the abbey ruins. His agent had told folks that the Earl was goint? to fit up a hall there with pikes, and guns, and casques, and breastplates, for all the world like the ancient halls in the days before Queen Elizabeth. Things do happen strangely,' con tinued the surgeon. 'All at once, not an hour ago it wa3 whispered among tlie young men who were about in the market-place talking of the news, and asking each other whether they'd fight for the Pope or for the Duke, that there were all these weapons in his Lord ship's hall; and that no one was on the spot to guard them. Well, they went to the place, got in, and no re sistance offered, and armed themselves with whatever they could find, and are off the Lord knows where.' When Anthony left the surgeon's house he considered what be should do, after having seen his cousin. To Luke's lodgings in the rectory at Peter Tavy he at once rode. His cousin he must speak to. To Willswortoy he could not return. ' The breach between him and Urith was irreparable. She knew that he had tampered with temptation, and believed him to be more faithless to her than he really had been. He would not, indeed he could not, explain the circumstances to her, for no explanation could make the facts assume a better colour. It was true that he had turned for a while in heart from Urith. Even now he felt he did not love her. But no more did he love Julian. With the latter he was angry. When he thought of her his blood began to i-immer with rage, if he could have caught h mow in his arms he would have strangled her. She had played with him, lured him on, till she had utterly destroyed his happiness. What had he done ? He had kissed Julian. That was nothing ; it was no mortal crime. Why should he not 'km an old friend and comrade whom he had known from childhood? v\ hat right had Urith to take offence at that? Had be written their initials oa the glass, and united them by a true lover's knot ? He had ; but had also effaced it, and linked his own initial with that of Urith. He loved Urith no longer. His married lite had been wretched. He had committed an act of folly in marrying her. Well, was he to be cut off from all his old acquaintances became he whs the husband of Urith i Xv as he to treat them with dis'ance and coldness ? And then, who Ju ian had looked at him ! how- she had bent over him, and she— yes, she— had kissed bim ! Wae he to sit still as a stone to receive the salutation of a pretty girl 'i W ho would ? Not a Puritan, not a saint. It was impossible — impo-sible to young flesh and blood. A girl'B kisi must be returned with usury— tenfold. He was in toils— entangled hand and foot— and he sought in vain to break through them. But he could not remain thus bound — bound by obliga tion to Urith, whom he did not love— bound by old association to Julian, whom he once had loved, and who loved him still— loved him stormily, fervently. What could he do? He must not go near Julian— he dare not. He could not go back to Urith — to lirith who had given to Fox the mandate to kill him ! He had heard her words. It was a planned matter. She had brought Fox to Willsworthy, and had concerted with him how he, Anthony, was to be killed. And yet Anthony knew that she loved him. Her love had been irksome to him— so jealous, so exacting, so greedy had it been. If she had desired and schemed his death, it was not t'oat she hated him, but because she loved him too much; she could not endure that he should be estranged from her and drawn towards another. But one course was open to him. He must tear — cut his way through the entangled threads. He must free himself at one stroke from Urith and from Julian. He would join Monmouth. He rode, thus musing, towards Peter Tavy, and halted on the old bridge that spanned in two arches the foaming river. Tbe rain that had fallen earlier had now 'wholly ceased, but the sky remained covered with a dense grey blanket of felt-like cloud. A fresher air blew; it came from tbe north, down the river with the water, and fanned Anthony's heated brow. His wound began now to give him pain : he felt it as a line of red-hot iron near bis heart. It was due to pure accident that he was not dead. If matters had fallen out as Drith desired, he would now be lying lifeless on the hearthstone whera he had dropped, staggered and upset by the force of Fox's blow, when unprepared to receive it. Now he recalled that half- challenge offered on the moor when first he met Urith, and bad wondered over her bittm hands. He had half-threatened to ex asperate her te one of her moods of madness to see what she would do to him when in such a mood. He had forgotten all about that bit of banter till this moment. Unintentionally he had exasperaied her, till she had lost all control over herself, and, unable to hurt bim herself, had armed Fox to deal him the blow which was to avenge her wrongs. Ho could not go back to the house with the girl who had sought his life. No, there was nothing else for him te do than throw in his lot with Monmouth, and, at thf- moment, he cared little whether it should be a winning or a losing cause. ' Authony f ' 'Yec 1h that you, Luke F' A dark figure stepped on to the bridge, and came to the side of tue horse. '1 have bet-n home,' said the curate. 'Urith is ill- she scarce wakes out of one faint to fall into another. I have Bent your grandmother to Willswoithy to be with her.' ' It is well,' said Anthony. ' And, now that we have met here, I wish a word with you, Luke. 1 am not going back to Willswortny.' 'Not- to Urith?' *' No, I cannot. T am going to ride at once to join the Duke of Monoiouth. You have the ProteBtant cause at heart, I uke, and wish it well ; so have I. But that i« not all— I must away now. I do not desire to meet Fox for awhile.' ' JNo,' said Luke, after a moment of consideration; 'no, lean understand that. But Bessie must not be left without some one to help her.' ' There is yourself. What can I do ? Besides Bess in strong in herself. She will never go against what she believe* to be right. She will never t-tep into my shoes, nor will she help Fox to draw tbem on.' *' You cannot ride now, with your wound.' ' Bah ! That is naught. You said as much your self.' ' Ton'- , there is something yet I do not understand,' gaid Luke falteringly. ' Did you first strike Fox ?' ' No no. 1 had my hands behind me. I stood at tbe hearth.' ' But the quarrel was yours with hip, rather than bis with you. If you did not strike him, why did he aim at you r' ' Luke, there were matters passed of which you need know naught — at least, no more than this. Mv father had offered to receive me back into his good-will once more, to let the past be blotted out, no longer to insist on Bess being wed to Fox, and to return to live at Hall.' ' Indeed ! ' Luke exclaimed, joyously. ' Now I can see whj Fox came to you, and why he struck you.' ' It was on one condition.' 44 And that was ? ' ' That 1 should leave Urith, and never speak to her again.' 'Anthony!' I.uke'6 tone was full of terror and pain. ' Ob, Anthony ! Surely you never— never for one moment- not by talf a void— gave censent, or eemblarce of consent, lo this! It would — it would kill her! Oh, Anihoty !' Luke put up both his hands on the pommel of the saddle, and clasped them. What light there was fell on his up-turned, ash-grey fare. ' ' Anthony, answer me. Has she been informed of tbat. ? the never thought you could be so cruel— so false; and she has loved you. My God! her whole heart has been given to you— to you, and to no one else; and you have not valued it as you should have done. Because you have had to loss this and that, you have resented it on her. £he has had to bear your ill humour ? she haft suffered, and has bepn saddened. And now — no ! I cannot think it. You have not let her know that this offer was made.' The sweat drops poured and rolled off Luke's brow. He looked up, and waited rn Anthony, for a reply. 44 She did not know it.' answered tbe latter, ' but that was Fox's doing. He told her. and told her what was false, that I intended to acrep- the offer and leave her. No, I. uke, 1 have done many things that are wrong, I have been inconsiderate, but 1 could not do this. And now I bid you go to-morrow to my father, see him, and tell him my answer. That is expressed in one word— Never.' Luke seized his hand and wrung it. ?* That lsiny own dear cousin Anthony !' be said, and then added, ' but why away at once.' and Urith so ill ?' ' I must away at once. 1 cannot return to her.' Anthony hesitated for some while; at last he said, in a low tone, ?? I will tell yon why— she thinks me false to her, and in a measure I have been so. She thinks I no longer love her-and it is true. My love is dead. Luke — I cannot return. ' ??Oh. Urith— poor Urith !' groaned the curate, and let his hands fall. ' Now I go. Whatever haps, naught can be worse than the state of matters at present If you can plead in any way for me, when I am away, do so. I would have her think better of t e than she does— but I love her no more.' Then he rode away. Luke remained on the bridge, looking over into the rushing water— the river was full. 'Poor Urith! My God— and it was I— it was 1 who united them.' Then he turned in the direction of Hall. ' 1 will go there, and bear Anthony's message to his father at once.' Chaptee XLIII.— AN EXPIRING CANDLE. When Squire Cleverdon arrived at Hall, he found there awaiting him a man boott-d, spurred, whip in hand, bespattered with mire. The old man asked him his business without much courtesy, and the man re plied that he had ridden all day from Exeter with a special letter for Master Cleverdon, which he was ordered to deliver into bis hands, and into his alone. Old Cleverdon impatiently t^re away ihe string and broke the seal that guarded the letter, opened it. and began to read. Then, before he bad read' many lines, he turned ghastly white, reeled, and t-ank apa'nst the wall, and his hands trembled in which he held the page. He recovered himself almost immediately, sufficiently to give orders for the housing and entertainment of the messenger ; and then he retired io his private room, ur office into which he locked himself. He unclosed a cabinet that contained his papers, and, having kindled a light, brought forth several bundles of deeds and books of accounts, and spread them on the table before him. Some of the documents were old and yellow, and were written in that set courthand that had been de vised to make what was 'written in it unintelligible save to the professionals. Squire Cleverdon took pen and a clean sheet of paper, and began calculations upon it. These did not afford him much satisfaction. He rose, took his candle, opened and relocked the door, and ascended the stairs to his bedroom, where he searched in a secret receptacle in the fireplace for his iron box, in which were all his savings. Thence he brought the gold he had ; and, having placed the candle on the floor, began to arrange the sovereigns in tens, in rows, where the light of the candle fell. .After the gold came the silver, and after the silver some bundles of papers of moneys due that had never teen paid, but which were recoverable. Having ascertained exactly what he bad in cash, and what be might be able at short notice to collect, the old man replaced all in the irou case, and reclosed the receptacle. In Ihe meanwhile, duripg the evening, after dark ness had set in, to Bessie's great annoyance. Fox appeared. Directly he left Willsworthy, he thought it advisable to visit Hall before going home, and fore stall with old Cieverdon tbe tidings of what had occurred. He did not doubt that the story of his attack on Anthony would be bruited about — that Anthony, or Luke, or both, would tell of it, to bis disadvantage, and he determined to relate it in his own way at once, before it came round to the ears of the squire, wearing another complexion from that which he wished it to assume. ' You desire to see my father,' said Bessie. ' He is engaeed, he is in his room ; he would not be dis turbed.' ' I must see him. if but for a minute.' Bessie went to the door and knocked, but received no answer. She came back to the parlour. ** TAy father is busy ; he has locked himself in his room. You had better depart.' *? I can wait,' said Fox. V' ' Then you must pardon my absence. There has come a messenger this evening' for my father, with a - letter that has to be considered. 1 must attend to what is fitting for the comfort ot the traveller.' 'When left to himself. Fox became restless. He stood up, and himself tried the door of old Anthony's apart ment. It was locked. He struck at the door with his knuckles, but received no answer. Ihen he looked through the keyhole ; it was dark within. The old man was not there, bnt at that moment he heard him cough upstairs. He was therefore in bis bedroom, and Fox would catch him as he descended. He returned to the parlour. Presently Bessie entered with Luke ; she had gone to tbe door, had stood in the porch communing with herself, untrillinsr to be in the room with her tormentor, when Luke appeared, and asked to see her father. ' Verily,' said she, with a faint smile, ' he is in mighty request this night ; you are the third who has come for him— first a stranger, thtn Fox ? ' ' Fox here ?' ' Yes, he is within.' 'I am glad. A word with him before I see your father, and do you keep away, Bessie, for awhile till called.' Fox started to bis ffet when Luke came in, but said nothing till Bessie lelt the room ; then, hurriedly, ' You raven — whit news P iiut mark you. 1 did it in self-defence. Every man must de'end his own life. When he knew that 1 u as to take liis place in Hall, he rushed on to me, and I did but protect nrjself.' ?' Anthony's wound i- trifling,' said Luke, coldly. 41 S-o ! and you have come to prejudice me in the ear of hi« father.'' ' I am come with a message from Anthony to his father.' '* Indeed— to come and see his scratch, and a drop of blood fr -m it ; and then to clasp each other and weep, and muke friends 'r' ' The message is not to you, but to his father.' 'And he is not hurt?' *' Not seriously hurt.' ' I never designed to hurt him. I did but defend mv own self. I treated him as an angry boy with a knife.' ' No more of this,' said Luke. ' Let the matter not be mentioned. I will say naught concerning it, neither do you. So is best. As for Anthony, he is away.' ' Away ? Whithf r gone f' *' Gone to-night to join .Ylonmouth. Your father is gathering men for the Protestant cause, Anthony will be with him and them.' Fox laughed. His insolence had come back, as his fears abated. ' Faith ! he has run away, because 1 scratched him with a pin. At the first prick he fainted.' Luke went to the door, and called in Bessie. He could not endure the association with Fox. ' Bess ! ' he said, ' can I sec your father! I have a message for him from Tony.' 41 He is upstairs— in his bedroom,' Baid Bessie ; ' I will tell him yon are here when he descends.' 41 Come here,' exclaimed Fox, who had recovered all his audacity, and with it boisterous spirits. ' Come here, Besc, my dear, and let Cousin Curate Luke know how we stand to each other.' ' ' And, pray,' eaid Bessie, colouring, ' how do we stand to each other V' ' My word ! you are hot. We shall be asking him ere long to join our hands — so he must be prepared in time — be will have a pleasure in calculating the amount of his fee.' ' Cousin Luke,' said Bessie, ' I am not sorry tbat he has mentioned this, for so I can answer him in your presence, and give him such an answer before you as he has had from me in private, but would not take. Never, neither by persuasion, nor by force, shall I be got to give my consent.' In spite, of* his self-control, Fox turned livid with rage: ' Ir that finai f' he aEked. ' It is final.' 44 We shiill see,' eneered he. ' Say what you will, I do not withdraw.' 44 For shaise* of you ! ' exclaimed Luke, stepping between Bessie and Fox. 'If you have any pood feeling in you, do not pester her with a suit that is ' odiouR to her ; and, after what has happened to-night, should, to yourself, be impossible.' 14 Oh ! ' jeered Fox ; «? you yourself proposed silence, and are bursting to let the matter escape.' '? Desist,' said i.nke. ' Desist trom a pursuit that is cruel to her. and which you cannot prosecute with honour to yourself.' ' 1 will net desist!' retorted Fox. ' Tell me this. Who first sought lo bring it about? Was it 1? No. Magdalen Cleverdon was she who prepared it, then came the - quire himself. It's the Cleverdons who have hunted me- who try to catch me; not 1 who have been the hunter. Yon call me Fox, and you have been hue end tally ho ! after n:e.' 44 There is my father ! ' gasped Bessie, and ran from the room. She found the old man in the passage with his candle, unlocking his sitting-room door. ' Oh, father ! ' she said, breathlessly, for the scene that bad occurred had taken away her breath, ' here is Luke uorue — he must see you.' ' What! at night? I cannot, I am busy.' ' But, father, he has a message.' ' A message? What, another? I will not Bee him.' ' For a moment, uncle. It is a word from Anthony,' said Luke, entering the passage. ' One word, shall I say it here, or within?' *' I care not — if it is one word, say it here ; but only one word.' 44 He was fumbling with tbe key in tbe lock. His hand that t eld the canaie shook, and the wax fell on his fiDgers and on the cuff of hi* coat. He had tbe key inserted in the dour, and could not turn it in the wards. 44 Very well,' said Luke. ' You shall have it in one word — Never.' The o d man let the key fall— he straightened him self. His voice shook with anger. ' It is well. It is as I could have wished it. 1 take him at his word. Never. Never — Jet me say it again. Never, and once again never; and each never shuts a door on him for all time. Never shall he have my forgiveness. Never shall he inherit an acre or a pound of mine. Never will I speak to him another word. Nay, were he dying, 1 would not go to see him ; could I by a word save his life, I would not do it. Go, tell him that. Now go — and Elizabeth, hold the candle. I will open the door ; go in before me to my room, I'll lock the dcor on us both. Now all is plain. The wind has cleared away the mitts, and we must settle all between us this night, with tbe way open before us.' He managed to unfasten the door, and he made his daughter pass in, carrying the light. Then he turned the key in the loi k. The little table was strewn with deeds, and papers, and books. Bessie cast a glance at it, nnd eaw no spot on which she could set the candle. She therefore held it in her hand, standing before hir father, who threw himself into his chair. She whs pale, composed, and resolved. He could have notbiDg further to urge than what had been urged already, and she had her answer to that. Tbe candle was short ; it had swaled down into the tray, and could not buru for more than ten minutes. 44 Elizabeth,' said her father, ' I shall not repeat what has been said already. 1 have told you what my wishes, what my commands are. You can tee in Anthony what follows on the rebellion of a child against the father. Let me see in you tbat obedience which leads to happiness as surely as his disobedience has brought him to misery. But I have said all this before, and I will not now repeat it. There are farther considerations which make m« desire that you should take Anthony Crymes without delay.' He drew a long breath, and vainly endeavoured to conceal hiR agitation. ' 1 bought this place— Hall— where my forefathers have been as tenants for many generations ; I bought it, but I had not sufficient money at command, so 1 mortgaged the estate nnd borrowed the money to pay for it. Then I thought soon and easily to have paid off thedfbt. The mortgagee did pot press; but having Hall as mine own was, I found, another thing to having Hall as a tenant. My position was changed, snd with this change came increased expenditure. Anthony cost much money ; he was of no use in the farm, and he threw about money as he liked. But not 60 only. 1 rebuilt nearly the whole of the house ; 1 might have spent this money in pawog off the mort gage, or in reducing it, but instead of that I rebuilt and enlarged tbe house. I thought that my new position required it, and the old farmhouse was small and in convenient, at d ill-suited to my new position. Bat I had no fear. Tbe mortgagee did not require tbe money. Then, of late we have had bad times, and I have had tbe drag of the mortgage on me. A little while ago 1 bad notice that I must rf pay tbe whole amount. 1 did not consider this as terious, and I sought to stay it off. The messenger who has now come from Exeter comes with a final demand for the entire sum. The times »re precarious. The Duke of Monmouth has landed. No one knows whit will happen, and the mortgagee calls m his money. I have not got it.' 'Then what h to \\-s done?' Bessie became white as the wax of the candle, ami the flame nickered because the candle shook in her hand. 'Only one thing can be done. Only you can save Hall — save me.' 'I! Oh, my father!' Bessie's heart stood still, the feared what she should hear. 'Only you can save us,' pursued the old man. ' You and I will be driven out of this place, will lose Hall, lo?e the acres that for three centuries have be-.'ri dressed wkh our sweat, lose the root that has covered the Cleverdons for many generations, unless you save us.' 'But— how, father?' she atked, yet knew, what the answer would be. ' You must marry Anthony Crymes at once. Then only shall we be Bate, 1or the Crymes' family will find the money required to secure Hall.' 'Father,' pleaded Bessie, 'ask for help from some one else ! Borrow the money else * here.' ' In times such as this, when we are trembling in revolu'ion, and none knows what the issue will be, no one will lend money. I have no friend save squire Crymes. There is no help to be had anywhare else. Here — : — ' said the old man, irritably—' Here are a bundle of account* of moneys owed to me that I cannot get back now. I have sent round to those in my debt, and it is the same cry from all. The times are against us— wait till all it) smooth, and then we will pay. In the meantime my stale is desperate. I offered to Anthony but this day to forgive the past and receive him back to Hall; but the offer came too late. Hall ir; lust to him, lost to you, lost to me, lost lor ever, un less you pay yea.' | ' O ! Luke ! Luke !' cried Bessie ; ' let me speak I iirst with him ; then suddenly changed her mind and I tone.' 'Oh, no! I must not (peak to him — to him, above all, about this.' 'Bessie!' said the old man; his tone was altered from that which was usual to him. He had hectored and domineered over her, had shown her little kindness and email regard, but now he spoke in a hubdued man ner, with entreaty. ' Bessie ! look at my grey hairs. I had hoped that all future generations of Cleverdons would have thought of me with pride as he who made the tamily; but, instead, they will curse me as he \- who cast it forth from its home and brought it to des truction.' Bessie did not speak ; her eyes were on the candle, the flame was nigh on sinking, a gap hud formed under the wick, and the wax was run ning down into the socket as water in a well. ' I have hitherto com manded, and have usually beon obeyed,' continued the old man, ' but now I must entreat. I am to be dis honoured through my chil dren. One -my son — has left me and taken to himself another home, and defies me in all things. My daughter, by holding out her hand, could save me and all my hopes and ambitions, and she will not. ' Will she have me — me, an old grey-headed father, kneel at her feet?' He put his hands to the arms of his seat to help him to rise from the chair that he might fall before her. ' Father !' She uttered aery, and, at the shock that shuddered through her, the flaming wick Rank into the socket, and there burnt blue as a lambent ghost of a . flame. ' 0, father !— wait ! —wait!' ' How long am I to wait ? The answer must be given to-night; the doom of our house is sealed within a few hours, or the word of salva tion must be spokeu. Which shall it be ? The messenger who is bere carries my answer to Exeter, and, at the same time, if' you agree, t*-e demand for a license, that you may be married at once. iSoueiay is pucsibie.' ' Let me have an hour— in my room ?' ' No : it must be decided at once.' 'Oh, father— at once?' She watched the blue quiver \--i light in the candle socket. ' 'Very well— when the light fiues out you shall have my answer.' He said no other word, but watched her pale face, looking weird in the upward flicker of the bule dying flume, and her eyes rested on that flame, and the flicker was reflected in them— now bright, then faint, swaying from side to fide as a tide. Then a mass of wax fell up in a golden spiral, revealing Bessie's face com . pletely. ' Father ! I but just now said to Fox Crymes, ?Never! never! never!' ' She paused, the flime curled over. *' Father ! within a few minutes must 1 go forth % to him and withdraw the ' Never ?' ' He did not arswer, but he nodded. She Lad raised her eyes from the dying- flame to look at him. Again her e- es fell on the light. *' Father! If I withdraw my « Never,' will you withdraw youw about Anthony? — never to forgive him— never to bee him in Hall — never to count him as your son ?'-' The flame disappeared — the old man thought it was extinguished, but Bessie saw it still as a blue bead rolling on the molten wax ; it caught a thread of wick and Bhot'up again. ': Father ! 1 do cot say promise, but say perhaps.' 'Sobeit.-Perbapj.' . - The flame was out. Bessie walked calmly to the door, felt for the key, turned it, went forth, still holding tbe extinguished candle in her hand. It was to her as if all that made life blessed and bright to her had gone out with that flame. She went into the parlonr and composedly put out her hand to Pox. ' Take me,' she said; ' I have withdrawn the * .Never.' I am yours !' (2b be continued.) The conductor (to train robbers) : ' Boy«, there's no money in this job ; the Pullman porter has just jumped -' ? off the train and escaped.' The idea of utilising intelligent dogs in war time, which was initiated in ths German army, has also been taken up in France with considerable success. 