THE annual inter- colonial match played in Mel- bourne usually on Boxing and fol- lowing days is now reckoned with the past, and Vic- toria is one victory ahead of New South Wales. Anyone who watched the match right through must admit that the side which displayed the best form proved triumphant. That is as it should be. At all points of the game we were defeated. In batting half-a-dozen of our representatives threw their chances away in the first innings, just at the very time when they should have made their runs, and numbers of short runs were thrown away. These the Victorians took advantage of. In bowling our opponents possessed the best exponents. Trumble trundled with great judgment, keeping an excellent length and now and then sending one down which was undeniable. He was well assisted by the ' debutant '-so far as intercolonial matches are concerned-R. McLeod. In fielding Bruce was equal to any two men in either team ; he worked liked a Trojan, and was well backed up by Sam Morris, McLeod, Drysdale, and others, while their wicket-keeper, Blackham, was never seen to better advantage. Last, though by no means least, the victors were well skippered. Of course there are a few points in the cricket dis- played by some of our men which stand out in bold relief, notably the score of 117 made by the little stonewaller, Alec. Bannerman. With the exception of one easy chance to J. W. Trumble at short- slip, and a difficult one in the same direc- tion when he was between 90 and 100, his innings was perfection, and it was unfortunate that he should have been run out. Donnan showed good cricket for his 34 (not out) in the second innings. There are three pleasing circumstances in connec- tion with the match that are worth recording. The first is that the difficulty between the two Associations, which promised early last season to put a damper, if nothing worse, on these glorious national contests, is now healed up for ever it is to be hoped. The second is that, for the first time in Victoria, the Governor visited the ground during the progress of a match. Lord Hopetoun, accompanied by Lady Hopetoun, appeared on the ground on Boxing Day, though it was a regular roaster, and on the succeeding days his lordship was again present. The third circumstance is that it is years since so much money was taken at the gates as in this contest, the receipts being nearly ¿61000. The Association Ground match between the Alberts and Belvideres was continued on Saturday week, after having been allowed to stand over for a fortnight, owing to the absence of some of the latter team in Melbourne, taking part in the inter- colonial contest. At the conclusion of the first day's play Belvidere, had lost three wickets for 210 runs, Moses and Ferris being the two not-outs, with 109 and 5 respectively. Neither of the left handers lasted long, Moses adding three, and then playing Ogilvie. on to his wicket, retiring for an excellent score of 112. He gave two chances, both to Warren, who was the custodian of the sticks, when he had made about 80 or 90, but these were the only blemishes. He was not so brilliant as we have previously seen him, but kept pegging away, and the runs came with very little coaxing. Charlton displayed good form for his 45, albeit he would have been beaten two or three times had not fortune favoured him. As he is one of the fast-improving sort he may be expected to come off at any time. No one else showed any remarkable form or skill, and the innings closed for 318 runs. Ogilvie and Ormiston bowled very well throughout the match, but though Julian continually had the batsmen stuck up he could not get a wicket. To wipe off this mammoth score J. Davis and W. Farnsworth opened the innings, while Ferris and Charlton started with the ball. The Alberts could do but little against them, and Rowley 39, Davis 19, Ormiston and Brown ll each were the only double figures. Charlton secured five, and Ferris, who appeared to be out ot health, three wickets. For some as yet unexplained reason Murdoch did not show up to take his place in the field, and circumstances prevented Turner from playing, so that the Alberts batted with only nine men, scoring 110\. As the inter-'Varsity match occupied the ground last Saturday the match will not be con- cluded until the 18th inst. The selection committee-Messrs. Turner, Garrett, and Moses-are out with the list of names of those to practice for the next tug-of-war against Victoria. Seventeen names are embraced, comprising Turner, Ferris, Garrett, Charlton, Donnan, Wales, Callaway, Murdoch, Newell, Pierce, D. O. S. Jones, S. P. Jones, McKenzie, Moses, W. Richardson, Cowper, and A. Banner- man. If Murdoch practices there is not much doubt but that he will be in the team, but should he not turn up the committee will act foolishly if they select him solely on his past reputation. They did that with Bonnor, and have since had \- cause to regret it. When the final choice is made the following will not be far off the list : Turner, Ferris, Garrett, Charlton, Moses, Richardson, A. Bannerman, Wales, Donnan, S. P. Jones, and Murdoch. There is one player whose name does not appear in the list of seventeen, Joe Davis, who is in rattling form and who should fill Murdoch's place if the latter is not in form, but as now arranged Mackenzie will probably fill the vacancy. In junior cricket Marrickville completed their innings against Victoria Mills. On the previous Saturday they had lost seven wickets for 291, which was increased to 413 before the last wicket fell. A. Smith contributed 140, Wright 41, and Green 36, while Victoria Mills could only register 27\. G. French and Rule were well on the spot with the ball, the former securing six wickets for eight runs, and the latter three for 19, Marrick- ville thus gaining the easiest of easy victories. The eighth annual contest between the Uni- versity representatives of New South Wales and Victoria was commenced on the Association Ground on Friday, and continued on Saturday and Monday. The home team was well repre- sented, while the visitors did not bring their strongest eleven, which is probably owing to the fact that the best Victorian eleven were engaged in the Intercolonial Match at Tasmania. Garrett captained the home team, and, winning the toss, elected to bat on the excellently-prepared wicket, taking S. Jones with him. At 36 Garrett was clean bowled by Trumble for 28. D. O. S. Jones did not last long, but Reg. Allen assisted S. Jones in considerably increasing the score. When the latter had scored 55 he was clean bowled by JOHN J. FERRIS, A POPULAR CRICKETER. Francis, the third wicket falling at 125. Allen did not last very long after Jones, being caught at mid-off by Allsop, off Browne. Barbour ob- tained 13, but Loveridge and Tyndall piled on the runs until 263 were registered, when the latter was well caught by Roberts at mid-off off Trumble for 64. The next man to go was Love- ridge, who was easily taken by Peers off Francis. Lee and Moulton, the two last men, put on 34, when Lee was unfortunately run out ; the innings closing for 356. Summing up the visitors' play generally, the bowling was very little superior to the fielding, which was far from first-class. Francis secured the best average-6 wickets for 105 runs ; no one else obtained more than ono wicket. The first innings of the Victorians yielded 123. Allsop displayed, so far, the best cricket of the match while compiling his 57. Roberts and Quirk were the only others who obtained double-figure distinction, with 26 and 14 respectively. Garrett and Merrick did nearly all the bowling that was required ; the old war . rior's 5 wickets costing 44 runs, but Merrick beat bim by a fraction of a run in getting 4 wickets for 33. In their second attempt, the Victorians showed much better form. Allsop gave sufficent evidence in putting together 46 that his first was no fluke. Trumble made up to a certain extent for his previous failure by giving an excellent, though at times slow, display, obtaining 116 without giving a ghost of a chance. From the start he treated the bowling with the utmost coolness. This performance will probably put him in the Intercolonial, for which previously he was doubtful. On returning to the pavilion he was deservedly cheered. Besides Gordon 19, Quirk 34, and Roberts 13, no one else obtained double figures, and the innings closed for 355, which was a great improvement on their first attempt, and which left the N.S.W. team 23 runs to get to secure a victory, which they did with the loss of two wickets.. In the Victorians' second innings, Garrett bowled a long way the best, getting six wickets for 74 rims. With regard to the selection of the New South Wales Intercolonial Team, the Selection Com- mittee have received a letter from Mr. W. L. Murdoch, in which he states that he will not take part in the forthcoming match. 