11.oveli0t. The Secret Chamber; On, THIE GIPSY S VENGEANCE. 7, Eliza A. Dupsey, Ar utho, sof i '. Outlawu', Bri,":' The **-. -· --- OHAPTER XVIII, T.. E DEATH OF SIR HUGOH. \- To aiccount for whlit now occurred, we must return to the trooper who had been , ,loft on0 guard below. Jones was a person of inquisitive minid, and it occurred to thinirt litwhilo his comrade kept watch' over the movenients of the family above stlairs, lle would inhko a foray through `."the older portion of the building. ? lo key still remained in the door whichfr grve into the corridor, and ho :traivirsed its leigtlh,'and elll rd tliheo :-chapel.. li quick eye soon caught sight o f;= n .the lifted tlig atone,. and, while' cx. tilinitig it, the open panel also attracted hi altenttion. lie exclalired: l: y Jove I 'thel secret's out ,That chapii was hidin theio garret, and 'he's soni wher??emabor here, that's :certain. :'i wid:Say' been oipeied .for him tloget : n',,ut, and intlbo:Lctin trai him- beforo'he \- g·ct'a' afway" i. e, `.;:'.1k ruslihde back' to the -inhabited p? i r tti?i of the onse called to his .coin de radh ,ind.a few words,; informed himd iof the discovery lie hal made, at the same ,inoe -elling' hiin ti remain in frint of Mrs:. 1thiuri's riioini. end, :it llfive minutes, to enter iti' while ho ni ade hli :'waytoo the oliposite ide, for hoe was cor. \- tain that a ;co?nmunnicatioi, existed h?b. t -ton the clinapl and. that suite of :ipartiientsa ..' Juites.ran back, swiftly inounted the stairs, -ald moved- in the. direction in which hlie kne the rooms.were, situated; :Tli souaid of voices soon glided him, and S e; crashed through .the ardrobe it the imoment that the cries from the next room warned hiin that it icuflo .was going on.. The . ipsy turned like a lioness at bay, whale Sir Hiiugh fell. back, droppilng t e pen frotii his ilal.d as lie gapsligly "Lost Ia ' lht I All is lost l" S-Tliy were the last articulate words hie over:ittorod, for the shock had sniplped the. silver cord, and the hard and sinful soaul'of the baronet was wrenched from his -body in that moment of supreme anguish. Joines strode to the door, unlocked and threw it open. Vernor was struggling desperately with his assailant, who had conic upon him without warning, while . irs. Mfethurn and Ethel, paralysed by fright, looked oil without even uttering a crThe now.comer grasped the hands of the young man from blehind, and in a few moments he was securely bound and placd on a chair. i" Who locked that door ? ' naked Vurnor, savagely. " ]But for that I milght hlave escaped you both. What have you 'difidone with my father ." ;i believe he's fainted. N~w we've got you safe, I'll look after the old gentle Sman. Don't be soared, ladies; we aint a goin' to hurt you, though you did try to hide this young chap amongst ye." Mrs. Methurn rushed into the dressing. room, followed by Ethel, and the young girl uttered a loud cry as sho belhold Sir Hugh, with fallen jaw and glazing eyes, sitting bolt upright, with his hands still astetched out over the little table. The gipsy and the deed had both die. app'ared. "The last shock has proved fatal to hii," said Arm, ]Iethurn, with emotion. " God has mnercifully removed hill from trouble to coll,. CGo to your own room, iiny child, for this sight Is too painful for one of your tender years, I will attend ito whet mIust Ito tiluo hlreo," Jlut Etlhul would not conllselt to leave her i by this thnu the two soldliors had ,ittorleil the roollm, alnd i complianlce with thu reqilest of Mrs, llhutMui, they lifted tho corpso and pllhled It lIon a cuuch that situdol ill the roomll I al straighteneid the htihin, and Mirse. MIothurn closed the mouth and llreeseud down the eyelids over the staring oyes fromn which all eoxlres. o.lon aied tied. Vernor called out, talipa. rlolitly : " 1Vhat atro you all doig lli thIre 1 S1r I Hugh-- fithtir, miito ut, I I wislt til pank wltlt y'Ot, I Stippn iit that priullit it least will nit. ho dnllcdl Itno, INhthl went Io lhil, pale anii lrelin hilnit. "iUh Volrnor-pooir ,lnor, this ht a mil'1 blow for you.ll o will niuver omen to you agnll. Ohi, hli is duadl" S'ernor c i,vrel his fcu wiiih li, Isndla, and ehi could see that lie trenm:lled ill every fibro of his framo. Presoently he looked up and hoarsely said : '' Then it's all up with mhe. A prisoner to those who know no mercy, and my father gone, there is no one to stand boe. tween me and destruction. Ihaveruined you too, Ethel; the remnant of property eft t ?,u will barely purchase your own st'fctv. "Don't talk of that now, V'ornor," she gently repliad; " I will stand by you to thie ist, and if the sacrifiec of all 1 claim can save you, Vernor, I` will;chooerlully Lrr,.. M?ethurn camo in silont ? g. revetenl y said : "The Lord has dealt with his creaturo. Sir Hugh has escaped the evils we must rouse our courage to face." "Oh, Aunt Agnes, if he could only have lived a few weeks longer, lie might have been able to avert utter ruin from lis all ; but now, everything is lost. Make up your minds to go with me to prison, for Kirke will come back aind take ts all away with- him." "If it must be so, I can go. .I'will write to Gerald of the strait w?e are in, and lihe and 'Mr. Clyde may be abole to help ti'??" "If justice reigned it the land, prhanps they might; but I have nohope from that. Ilesign'yourself to the worst, for Kirke arrests us;,aindJolreys. will sit in judg ment upon us." = I Mrs. Methurn shuddered. The reputa tiontof Jetl'roys was well known to her, and the thought of even appearing before, him filled her with horror. The troopers here joined them, -and, rough as they. were, they refrained. from saying anything to the unhappy young man to embitter his oaptivity. Even' they had some respect for the lifeless form of him who was so lately the stay and protec tion of . those before them. Vernor haughtily regarded them, as ihe said : "I tiiy at least be permitted to go in and look upon my (lead father for the last time. ,Free my feet that I may walk." " i .' If you'll promise not to make a dash, ,young nian, an' try to get off, I'll do you that service." said Jones, as he severed the cord that bound his feet. Vernor said nothing in reply, blitstood arl :instantt halancing .in his mind his chances of escape. While Ethel talked with hiti alone; she had lightly loosened the handkerchief with which his arms were bound, for the tetn son appeared painfull, and a few eantious movements had convinced Vernor that he could rllease them without much effort. He said:. "Now I ami ready. One of you can keep guard at the door while the other goes with me in the dressing-room. I shall not be lonig." . The troopers. Iexchanged glances, and Simpson? took ? station close beside the door. \ ~,i,r vnalked forward, followed by Jolnes, and his rapid glance took in' the condition if the room. He asked : "Who guided you to yonder open inn ' " My own wit and the carelestnesas of those that canio before me.: Tho'woman that was in here got away while I. was sccurin' you." , "'WIhat woman?" .'said Vernor, be. wildieed. ' ow. " Iiv houldl I knode ? One of the ser'ants, mayhlip;, who kno? tlhe -'way. But the:prlsocer knew better, and like' a flash. the remeombranceo'of theio trnge gipsy woiman came to himt.: Thitalie haed miotno niysteriolt connection wish his father, that she knewall the secret plac, a in the'house, he'was aware, and his heart grew faint within him as he remembered. how sle had kept upon his "track for years psat. Could she have followed him to Elgland to make his destruction sure ? 'Why she wishead evil to him he did not ktlow, but that sihe was his deadly anid uncomnpromising enemy lie felt isslured. He approached the couch and looked down tn the inanimate form that lay upon ittliinkiog less of his bereavement thanu of the'means of escaping fromt the toils that were closing around him. Joines lpeered through the opening in tlie wardrobe, and mnuttered comments on its ingenuity. lie found the saw, atnd said, aloud : " The gal got this, but how she lrouglht it up I don't know. She's a shlirp ui, an' needs looking after a bit." Vernor glanced furtively at him. The door conimunicating with the outer door, had swung partly to. Jones was.on his knees groping in the wardrobe, and seizing the opportunity, he slipped the handker chief from his arms, and at a bound, closed.the door, turned the key, and then sprang upon tile trooper. As Jones arose lie struck him a heavy blow ,upon the head, dashed through tl.o opening, atid was half way across the garret before the iman regained h:s stunned sadieas utsu. ciently, to pursue him. BuI t Kirke'nlslmbs were too hardtheaded to be long ,ewildered even by such a blw as the one just. dealot otn the trooper's ierad, and as Vernor approached the stair. way he heard his adversary in hot pur. stlit. Dashling wildly forward, hlie cleared the stops at a bound, landed on the chapel floor, and closed the panel. As he paused to take breath a figure emerged from behind a pillar, which hlie instantly recognised as that of the. Gipsy Queen. "What has brought you hero ?" he fiercely asked. "What were you doing in my father's room to-day l You have dogged my stops for years, and now (yov have come to deliver me over to des truction." "You speak the truth," she rooklesslh replied. "The rope is made that will soon hang you, and I have done my best to put it around your neck, though you lhave hbravoly helped me yourself. The sleuthl.lhound Is on your trapk, and you noeed niot hope to escape him.' You are rusldng ntow upon your fate." " llo are you, and why have you pur. sueted me thitus for evil ?" "The dead man that lies above can no a longer stattd betwoont us, and since your race is almnost run, I will toll you what you wish tp know. I tn she who should hIave boon Lady Methlurn; to whom every Cscrod pledge was givoet, and rutlh leasly broken, My son is the son of your fithur, alnd your own older brother I yet tont have daroti to strike hinlt, (10 Oilt, \i'Urnor Mlothurtl, IIand monst thoi rolributlo I tlu ln that cowardly bltw, I do Ittt I attlu ttllL tol,utbp yu. l httete bleforo the I trmer breakis through the wall, for hle Is stritkig ,t IIt. at a fearful rate," JultiU , iI truth,''wus loalllinorinll a t'taint ' tile pn. l i witlh ll his force, a.d Is a crash!in sounr wnas heard, as if it was splintering benea'h his blows, Vcrnor again bounded forward, and disnppoared through the opening in the floor. Ile had no thought at that moment for the reve lation that had just been made to hintm; his only care was for his own safety. The gipsy again stepped bohind the sheltering pillar, leaving Jones to force ias way into the chapel. She know that tie fugitive was in her power, for by this i.in.. her son rllust be at his statinl with "tho- partyorLwlnlcu ne:sll a g'n, a - ? to aduy'a worki. :lalelhoir lmight. at least sin thbr ea: e The trooper at length smashed the panel, and with the impdtus of the last blow, rolled out upon the floor. As lihe retained his feet, . confused sound of t aices and cries came up from the vaults, and before he could gain the stairs leading into tihem, a party of four men, lead by Melcllhoir, caniu up, bringing the fugitive with them as a prisoner. Vernor had gone but a few yards below, when they closed around him, and pinioned him in such a manner as to rendir resistance in efectual. 'OHAPTER XIX. 'TIHE BROTHERS FACE TO FACE. A messenger was sent to Kirke, inform ing lhhii of the staistiof affairs, and atthe momenl t Vbrnor was brought in the chapel lihe dashed up to the door,followed by the reinainder of the troop. Their loud and. disorderly entrance tilled the whole building with clamor, and their coimmnander, with angry and inflamed visage, stalked through'the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the .corridor with furious haste. ie .gained the chapld,. and a gleanm of ferocious joy lighted up his featuresaas ho saw'tho prisoner standing' before hlim bound and help less. " Well, young cock o' the walk, your wings are clipped at last," he said, with a hoarse laugh. . " You've led me a pretty dance, you and tht'deceiving old father of.yours. Where is -he I'll make himi feel that it is not safe to trifle with one of hii majesty's officers is he has done with me to-day." - Verner disdainfully regarded. iln.t " My father, thanik Heaven I is beyond the reach of your malice. You nor anyone else will annoy hinit-more." "Why, what does the galliard mean? Where s Sir. Hugh, I say ? Bring him before me, ti:at I 1any signify my pleasure to hint in this conjuncturo of ffirsra ?1''ll take the old sinner Where he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds." "You're spared that trouble, air," said Jones. " The old gentleman's gone a longer .jnrney than you can take him.ll. Whien 1 jumped in on the iidin' place o' tile young 'un, he jest fell back and gave. up the ghost." - . ' "Dead!" said Kirke. "' Do you mean that his tough; old heart actually broke whet he learned that his yomng scapo. grace was 'in this toils? , Bless my soul l I had no idea li he had so much sensibility." .lie's dead, sure, sir.. tMebbe you'll come up and seae where the youngster was stowed away, an' you see for yourself that Sir Higih '11 never breathe again in this world..' Giving orders for the prisdner to be re moved to the hall 'and secdirely guarded, Kirke Istrode" 'after, hise satellito and mounted to the garnet. He carefully sor veyed his route, and said : '.Cleverly' contrived, ;faith;: and tlie panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would save suspected its ex. istynce. I was certain that the young man had taken refuge here, and I intended to stay in thea neiglborhlood until he was nabhod." When they gaitiod the opening into the dressing-room, he forced his burly form throigh it, and stepping out, stood before the two affrighted ladies, who were kneel. ing before the .coich on which the body of Sir Hugh lay..! Mrs. Methurn extri cated I lerself frtim Ethel's clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while the :lponr girlturned her pallid face to ward himi and poiioled appealingly to the lifeless form of the baronet. Mrs. Mfethurn said: "I trust that Colonel Kirke will treat these remains with the respect that is due to thil,n." - The rudo'soldier lifted his hat in the presence of death, and replied : " Leo's done his last wrong i a'am, and gone where 'Jelfreys can't reach him, which I can't say I'ni sorry for. Sir Huiglhwan a liberal man, and I'll see him put decently liI the family vault before we go; But I min sorry to say that you and this younlig 'ly must go with me to Taun ton as soou as the job's comIplted." " Can wd not be lermitted to re. main here till our presence is necessary thera ?" " I huad agreed to that, but now it is. inmpossible. You have hllped to conceal that young fellow, thus making matters nworse for yourselves than they would have beenoo -Luokily, we caught himn,.ond now lie's safe with mylpmnbs." "ro?w long may we renain beneath thia roof, sir?" . " Till my mln have had a good dinner 1 provided for theni, ma'am, and we haveo had time to knock up a box to put the I old gentlemani in.,, IIo was fond of his t glass, and I hope there will be good wine to be drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely t on your respect for the deceased to order a a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs are used to the best the country aflfords." 1 "They shall have the best we have," I replied thie landy; " but yeou mnust bhe aware of the dltiloulty of obtainiig aufflcient I food for a whole troop of hIorannenn at so short a notice. Our family is not largo, I and it will take time to send to the vil. L lags.L " Zounds I madamn kill the fatted calf; kill hiis nothlor, if stocessary; for Ic shall not budge from the Priory till I lhave partaken of its hospitality, Thea Motlhurns were not wont to be nasggards and if their fortunes have fallen, tliere Ist still enough left to feeood his majesty's soldiers." J Mrs., Methurn did not replyto this rude spoech; she merely bent her head and left a tho room, ' a, Messengers were dispatched to the vil II Isge, andil to farmter Oonway's to ruclmest that jurvillels might e nuet iup to the s l'riory I hut the day was rIlapidly wIaning way benfore "the baniquot was ready for tie siiiatioent and lfton ouuunorius I sulilhrs for Kirke allowed hi tien thue a ,ilhlet liborty when not engaged Iin Octale eurilo,. A Irough coffin was pro"ircd for Sir IIugh, and with rie ceremony lihe was pinced in it and convcyed to the famiiy vault, which was nit trted in the reor of the chapel. Vernor and the two ladies were permitted to ho present, and, with fear and Iremnbling, the curate of the parish came to read the burial service over the body. When he asked leave to do so, Kirko replied: "It isn't much good they'll do such an old reprobate now, Mr.'I'arson; but tas it ia customary. I wno;'1..-.. -'...,' ... =.; but the devitti, you kZiw,'!nt no.black-as Sa dogand somoeew that little girl initeesta me.. The poor.thing has been made a victim by Sir Hugh and that scamp of a son; they have ruined he:, I know, and this affair will wall.,w up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't often care for tlhlso the fortune of war throws in my hanids." "MAise Ethol is a sweet young lady," replied the curate. " I taught her Latin and the mysteries of calculation, and the was always a docile pupil. I do hope you will try and befriend herin the evil straits into which she has fallen." "As to that, my power over her fate ceases when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taunton. nJeffreys will then be the arbiter of heordesliny:" The dominie shludderedc'. ''Oh, sir, he is a mercilesa? man, and this '-is such a young girl : 1-1'm told, sir, that those he- cannltt hang he will condemn to be sold as slaves in the WVest Indies. Think of it, sir.! such a delicate young lady as this to be sent away as a slave to that wild and unhealthy country." Kirke laughed bitterly and said : . " It'sgeod enough for the most of those who will be sent there." The poor dominio rogairded him withi silent horror. The family at the Priory had been- his patrons, and 'from him the young people had received the greater portion of their education. For Vernor heo had less affection :tian - Gerald, but hl could not think of" the fate that threatened him without the bitterest re gret. :,lWhile performing the- last services for the deceased baronet, his voice faltered and his eyes filled with tears niany times ; and in a 'parting interview, with Mrs. Methuirn he promised to look in fro qunntly at the Priory, and see how things went"on dluring her enforced 'absence. She made an effort to look hopeful, as she said : - "I trust that we shall be permitted to return before long. If we do not,I hope, Mr. I'anton, that you will remnember the poor -eoplo have been in the habit of looking after." * ,• He promised to do so, and asked ".Will not Mr. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma'm ? lHe's a lawyer, and he will know the rights of the case. Itseems hard tliat you and Miss Ethel should bb taken away from your home for such a trifle." S'I have written to Gerald, and I shall send tiny letter from Taunton." . Will they really'put you in prison,. ma'am ? It's a dreadful place, for I've been there to visit a friend That was several years ago ; butthe place is no better now- nar, it is worse for n malignant fever is nrging imooigtlic lifeopl'confined there;'' Mrs.' Methurn :shivered as she' eox claim"ed : "Mly poor Ethel Ilit.willbe terrible to take her into the ilnidst of infection.' I imnat.nmakl every effort to escape that danger. -Kirke is rough?nid. brutal, but lie his tlhe reputation of being also v, ry venal. I have l hundred pounds by mte, which. I have saved since (lerdld went into Mr. Clyde's otlice. Perhaps thalt will purclhase permission for ts to retnain under Mr. Dighy's roof. It would be too cruel to throw us in the midst of inlfec tion." " Kirke seeous to feel for lMiis Ethel, ma'ams, and I think the half of the money will bribe him to lot you both remain with your friends. But no sum will keep , r, Verimor out of prison. They are too muich afraid I hat ihe will escape. tHe line shown such spirit atid determmiunation -that they will not consent to lose sighlt of him for an hour." ' Mlrs. Methurn sighed heavily. " I am aware of that,, andl I have no hope of keeping him withi"us. 'To save Ethel from contact with such mni.ery and degradation, is the utmost ILexpect to ac complish. You advise me then to make the trial with Kirke ?' , " [t think yoil. may venturoe to do so, ma'am, IIoe can only' refuso, and you will be no worse off than you are Thus counselled, Mrs. Moethurn sought an oltportunity of spoaltingwith Kirke, who at first utterly refused to'liltetn to such a proposal. He declared that the two ladies imust go to prison, as many others of as high station had done beforero; that lie had no power to change their tios. tination, but when lihe foundl that the widow had money of her own with wlhich to purchase indemnity, lie softened his tone, ahd after many manwuvres to find out how much she was able, to give, he finally consented 'to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protectress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When \Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion VYornor, his face darkened, and he abruptly said : "aYou can do nothing for the young man, madamt. 'My advice to you Is, to let Iitm bear the burden of the calailty lihe ias brought upon you all." lIrs. Mothurn turned away with a sad heart: shIe would havo gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of his late anots, had she possessed the power to do so; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Vornor was strictlyguarded in one of the lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with himn hadl been allowed the two ladies, save when they stood boe side the bier owhen thle funeral services were being performed, lIHq had tlhen brlilly said: "Taaks care of yourself and Ethol, Aunt Agnes. It's all up with toe, attd I tittst hear nty fate like a mtan. I have brought evil ellough upon you witholut lhanging as a mill stone upon you now, Loeave me to tny own deserts,.' The house for lasty hours after was n soelno of riot and ollfllsionl frolm wllloh Irs, Metllhurn was glaud to Ito refttugo II th secolusion of hier ocwn aluartments. Tlhe Into dlillner was ervcell, for CoIuway setit ulp It wtaggtott load of prolltt?lloni, tid thu ItIplu of the villtgoi,' inxiOun to Iprovu their rtyalny, furnished eovery. I thing they thought th truoopers would need. IThie winoe collr was Isarhled, and a suflicient sttoe of both wino ntd ale were found to injto icto trho wlh,loe party. Few 'would have believed tl:at the shadow (o death rasted Ipon thllt Ilhouse, which rilang with bachclnaliit songo atnd roystur ing lauighter. The e:last was turned into a wild revel, and it wast late itn the night before the troopers staggered froml the table. punoet thoi dlult uru til tilu following morning, for anmoig his troops biut one ..... eoa as, o, ý f-eu o 'o aa: wse delegated, with the assurance that if lie permlitted hlil to escapo his own life should be the forfeit. Ilinchen and her son were still in the house ; and Molclloir watched for an op portunity tocome into the presence of his brother, that ho might gratify his deep hatred by seeing hirn bound and helpless before him. The drunken troopers had sttnk down "upon the floor in a heavy sleep, and the house was at last quiet, when the young gipsy came stealthily towaird the door bo side which Simpson d old hi watch. Ioi offered the trooper a tankard of ale and a pirco of money, and whispered : " Lot me pass; let tle seo my foe in the toils, and I will be your friend for life." " Gad I you're tlho fellow that sot thile men on the right scont; you helped to sab him, and I don't suppose you'd .care to help him off," - "I'd throttle him first," was.the fierce response. " I wish to witness his humlili atiou--to gloat on hia sufferings. He degraded Iuo onco by cowardly blows, but now I tliink we are quits. Lot me pass, good follow, and it shall not be the worst for you. V When I get my share of the reward for taking hinm, I'll .raenember you." " This aole is good; this money is genu ine, and Idon't see any objection to grant in' what you ask. Go in and speak your mind to the sullen youngster, who wouldn't ansewer a civil remark I made to hiln a while ago." . - To be Oontinued. 