FOR MONEY OR FOR LOVE. BY MONA CAIRD, [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER I. " The handsomest man I ever saw, and one of the cleverest. I shall be surprised If that fellow does not make his mark in the world I" "Nonsense 1 he won't; he's dressed too well," was the quoted response of a middle aged woman, who could not herself bave pleaded innocent to the accusation whioh she had just hurled st the subject of discussion, Gilbert Thaiuston, handsomest and oleverest of men, had appeared in a rather sudden manner in London ciroles, where he waa now taking the world by storm. He did every- thing well, and last but not least, looked well. He felt, and rightly (as his distinguished looking, white-haired critic said), thatohuity begins at home. " Who ia he !" people used to ask ; but the answer to the question was never very explicit. Net indeed, that there wes any romantic mystery banging over him : Miss Tapley, the loud-wiced, excitable, good-natured hostess of the-evening was said to know all about his family ; but ne seemed, nevertheless, to hold a Bort of meteoric position among constella- tions of fixed stare. As far as appearances went he waa wealthy. Mrs, Jardine always became silent when people spoke about his wealth. " I never met anyone less easy to danie or oonvince tban you are, Margaret," said the first speaker, with a laugh, as he threw his vast bulk into an easy chair by bis cousin's side, and looked on with good-natured amusement at the thioog of people surging round them. " And I, John Douglas," returned Mrs. Jardine, with a scarcely perceptible move- ment of the eyelids, which seemed to draw them together and slightly veil the eyes, " never encountered a man who would more easily take a lucifer-match, lighted sharply and pretentiously under his nose, for the radiance of the orb of day 1" "Ton have some prejudice against the man," said John Dongles, whose great size and transparent honesty always acted opon his interlocutor as a sort of appeal-she knew not why. She smiled and shook her head. Her true-hearted, gigantic, raw-boned Scottish kinsman always sooner or later disarmed her cynicism, rampant as it wss. The men wae a sort of a natural solvent to all forms of cynioism, unoharity, and hardness of judgment. Though sc free from guile, however, there was a quaint northern shrewd- ness in his composition, wherein hereditary Çride of family also took a prominent plaoe. he honeat, simple, unthinking nature of the man never gave to this sentiment a touch of nobility, whioh lt so foreign to it nuder ordinary conditions. It took the plaoe of a more intelligent form of eelf-retpeot. "Poor Miss Tapley is losing her head altogether over her pet lion," eaid Mrs. Jardine, as she watched the effusive hostess beleaguering her guest, revolving round him outting off his- escape, pursuing him with fevered entreaties to sing, to dance, to recite, to tell some of his delightful stories, to take a lady to have some refreshment, toft have some refreshment himself. . ? "Ab ! now you oome within my con$asa at {nat, ' said Mr. Thaioaton in oalm and measured tones and gravely twirling his black moustache. " You have a trios of overrating my abilities whioh at onoe flatters and embarrasses me." Miss Tapley laughed wildly, creating a general impression of shrill clamour which made Mr. Thainston'a eyebrows contract. " Lack of classic restraint," was his criticism on the too enthusiastic lady, whose ' 'body seemed in perpetual movement: head, arma, hands, devoted, without rest, to inooherent gesture. "Emotional windmill, greatly agitated," asid a rather email young mau, wiejKdark eyes and moustache, who was standing by, and who addressed Thaws ton in a tone implying intimacy. Thainston gave a slight ' smile without disarranging a feature, an accomplishment in whioh be excelled "I think she is going to marry you," pursued .stewart Pember, pensively. " Do you !" said Thainston. " Why !" " Beoauee she levee you." " Enchanting old windmill 1" exclaimed Thainton. Again he gave bis undisturbing smile. "If she wouldn't shriek so I might do worse. She'd pays one's debts and think it a privilege. I wonder if she is ourable." "Consumption might do it," returned Pember, not encouragingly. "She looks fatally healthy," said Thains- ton. " Do yon know who tho red- haired giant is, sitting in the corner of the room, beside a woman in grey with lace-good lace that I-olever woman too I" " Ves, that's John Douglas-has a property somewhere in the South of 8ootiand- very fine, I believe-one of the old Soottish border towers, with a history and a retpeotable sufficiency of ghosts. He has one sister charming girl-if he diee without heirs she conies in for the property. There's another ohance for you Gilbert. He hat asked me to go and shoot with him next month. Ill introduce you. Drat it (the expression is classical English, believe me), if a fellow like you can't pull through bis little difficulties, one might as well be indistinguishably commonplace, and fling away ambition and the fretting anxieties attendant on dazzling beauty. Look, there's Miss Douglas !" Thainston's keen eyes were already follow- ing the movements of a graceful, fair-haired giri, who waa entering the room on the arm ot Mise Tapley's nephew. Captain Sullivan. A change had taken plaoe io Thainston'a face difficult to describe, He seemed to have drawn In bis breath, and to be waiting sa if for the giving of an important verdict. Miss Douglas had a peculiar reserve and yet lightness of movement, suffioient almost by itself to Indicate the gentle unconscious nobility that tb« faoe revealed aa soon as one met the glance of the simple eyes. An un- mistakeable refinement of nature spoke in every look and tone. She was ethereally pale, and her bair whioh waa taken up aof tly from her forehead was so extremely fair that it almost bad the effect of being powdered. The features were delicate, and the face was thin, the Urge, gentle, beautifnlly-ahsped eyes ruling over it as a spirit rules its 1 tenement. A certain austerity which the type of face suggested was softened by the brightness and oourtesy of the girl's manner, She gave a smiling reception to Stewart Pember's friend, and when Pember went to talk to Beatrioe » Sullivan, Miss Tapley's pretty fair-hsired niece, Kvelyn Douglas and her companion found no difficulty in exchaoging ideas, though Tbainaton remained by her side, oblivious of everything around him, for more than an hour. He was a man who always knew his own mind, and never took long either to make it up or to act upon the , conolueion when made. Before the close of that evening he knew, without a shadow of a doubt.-that he was desperately, feverifhly, in love with Evelyn Douglas, and that he Z intended to marry her by hook or by crook 1 probably by orock, as he said. Her limpid, trustful spirit exhaled from s her en aroma; her delicate exquisiteness rppealed overwhelming to the cultivated taste 1 of the man ; every nerve waa touched with pleasure, every perception-subtly critical as I, lt was-gave back an enthusiastic verdict n She was a woman in whom a man's love and pride might Bod eternal gratification. * "lam going to be married," eaid Thaina o ton, as be and Stewart Pember tramped borne ic through the wet deserted streets to "¿(ir rooms near St. James's Palaoe. ^P_M " Indeed I" returned bia friend ; "^asusanssl " Tbst Miss Douglas will fix "Ahl very good. How her brother She *\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ she ^m\\\\\\\\\\\\\MW^ " Yes, he mme op and disturbed Ul, hug him I Or rather hug tho woman who waa with him, for I am sure the put him up to it, I didn't get on with ocr at all. She will oppose me tooth and nail. I oan see it in her eye. Well, I am ready for the fight, madam. The prize ii worth it.'r " I don't want to discourage you," said Pember, in a cogitative tone, "but I think the fight will be a tough one. The red haired giant, who teems BO easy- going, will not be particularly pleasant to deal with when it comes to a question of marrying into his bloodthirsty old family. He ls devoted to his sister, and dreads her marrying and leaving him alone in hil fortress-which la more than natnral. I noticed be waa hover- ing round Clara Tapley to-night a good deal ; if he were to fall in love himself he would be infinitely more manageable, partly through absenoe of mind, partly through a fellow feeling. I think we might set Miss Tapley on to make a match of it, Happy thought! She shall polish yon both off together-you and Evelyn Douglas, John and Ulara. The old lady will shriek herself hoarse with delight 1" "But in case of Douglas marrying," Thainiton said, slowly, " Miss Douglas would loie the succession on ber brother's death." " True, old mole 1 Really for a mu In love yon are cieditably wide awake. Perhaps we had better drop the Clara Tapley business. If you and your wife were to live at Calrni muir after your marriage, he would be quite satisfied, granted that you oan convince him that one who does not belong to a Scottish clan is ' a man for a' that.' " When the two friends had mounted the stairs and reached their luxurious rooms, they proceeded to take their final smoke before the great fire-place, each ensconsed in a super .tively easy chair. Thainston fell into a thoughtful mood, from which hil friend found it difficult to rouse him. Evelyn's face was before him still, her soft eyes looking into his. Every little detail of her attitude and dress returned to bim vividly, and he could hear the full tones of her voles-that voice which some mysterious law of nature allots to those women only whose character, whether good or bad, ls drawn on a large scale. " Why so gloomy ? enquired Stewart Pember, Indistinctly, between two puffs of his cigar. " Oh, hang it all-my position of course I" growled Thainston, glanoing round the room. " How long shall I have a roof over my head or a ohalr to ait on 7" '"AU flesh is gras*,' " said Pember. '1 Life la a tale told by an idiot-' vanity of vanities, ail ls vanity,' yet your vanity is aa good as any other man s vanity-nothing exceptional in your case. Miss Douglss oas a small income of her own, and if this marriage comes off-" Thainston got up and walked to the window. The blinds were not drawn, and he could see the dark glistening street, and the lamps at intervals mapping its course down hill towards the palace. It waa oharacterlstio of Thains- ton that from bis intimate friend and com- panion be had conoealed the most important and disastrous part of his affairs, and conoealed the fact of the concealment. " Pigheaded brute-the brother 1" he said coming back to his seat. " Yes, but but manageable if yon get him OD hie right side. The sister can tum him round her finger." " The girl is marvellous f" exclaimed Thainston, with a startling burst of passion. "Go on," urged Pember; "divine, ex- quisite, adorable. Don't mind me." "I don't," said Thainston ; " she is all that and more. If she knew the sort of mu I am I" " If she is anything like a true womu ahe will not care." Again the limitation of Pember's knowledge made his consolation miss fire. " Then, for the first time in yonr life, you are in earnest about this ?" the friend pursued. " Damnably In earnest." Pember studied his companion, steadily smoking all the time. Then be took hie oigar out of hie mouth and said, " For money, Gilbert, or for love ?" But Gilbert ¿id not answer that question. Sharp, indeed; was the struggle. The com- batants placed themselves tn battle array and fought like heroes. For a long time John Douglas failed to realise the position ; and it was not nntil he found that bu slater had fallen deeply io love with her audacious suitor that he.began to take the matter seriously. Pember worked hard for his friend, and enlisted the sympathies of Miss Tapley, who simply yelled with enthusiasm. There never wat such a charming, accom- plished, handsome, well connected creature as Gilbert Thainston. He adored Evelyn, end poor Evelyn wu visibly pining under the opposition of her brother and Mrs. Jardine, whose prejudice against the dear fellow wu most absurd and uncharitable. Mrs. Jardine regarded herself in the light of a proteotor to the brother and lister, notwithstanding that John wu not muy years her junior. She reasoned with Evelyn long and earnestly on tbe subject of her infatuation for a mere adventurer as she called him, but to no purpose. Evelyn believed in him, admired him, worshipped him. She, too, had some of the family obatlnaoy, and Mrs. Jardine felt that the cause wu lost. She shook her head in despair. "John," she said, "I could weep for the calamity that bas befallen your house. Your beautiful old home, where for oenturies brave, honest men have ruled, must open its doors to an alien-a man without family, habitation or tradition, a mere adventurer-it is sacrilege 1 The towera of Cairosmuir will rarely hang their heads for very shame 1 I shall expect to Bee their stem strength crumbling from this very day I" CHAPTER II. Year in, year out, the sunshine tried in vain to shed its light apon the damp- stained walla of Cairosmuir Castle. A few stray beams, checkered by the shadow of moving leaves, might rest upon its southern side at mid day, but these would shortly fade, and tbe shades creek bacs: aero» the deep-set windows, and half obscure the wicked faces of the imps and demons carved in mouldering atone, that spouted water from the roofs in rainy weather, or in raie cloudless days of summer craned their long thin neoks to grin a jeer with horrible grimaces at the world below. At first sight one might fancy the vut old pile waa tenantlesB, so still and stagnant was the place with ita thick, neglected growth of trees, and the stealthy flow ol tbs river far beneath. Full of romantic yet melancholy associations it stood grandly, and-tn spite of Mrs. Jardine1! prophecy-still proudly ; the thiok walled old stronghold that had weathered rain and storm for so many centuries I In one of the narrow windows that pierced at capricious intervals the castle walls, one now might catch a gleam of firelight, so bright and oheery that the sound of crackling logs seemed almost to reach one nearly two hundred feet below, i Sometimes a figure all in white passed the i window, and dived again into the depths of the ; fire-lit room. Well might one fancy it some > ghost of bride or inaidcu, Borne bright flower f of the stern old Scottish stock revisiting the i scenes of long-forgotten lives. Again the i delicate face appeared at the window, and i remained there looking out. A lare;e tree \- that grew against the side nf the stronghold, whereby a sad tale hung, gave a vast sigh as i the river breeze stole up and stirred its i leaves. 9 Presently, as another figure Btolo into the i recess, Evelyn Thaiustnn turned and was ? oaught in a passionate embrace. Her husband . held her at arm's length, to admire ber in her 1 bridal dress of gleaming satin, worn again to- night for the first time since Bhe wore it on \- her wedding-day soarcely a month ago I e " How beautiful you are 1" he cried r proudly, " how perfect and bow marvellous 1 ll^Ves-it is worth while; it is quite worth ^nthile 1" The lut words were muttered to WWWjt* touched her on the forehead softly, and ^Hd hil hand on her hair, whioh wu like a HKght-pieroed mist Drowning her beautiful ^ \ head. V "And whttt ihmll I ny of yon In tatara for thou pretty complimente ?" ehe »eked, Ungbiog and blushing. " Come, we muet notitay here, admiring one another," he returned, smiling, yet with a strange look of anxiety in his moe; "the people ere assembling, and yon ought to be down to assist yonr brother to receive them," They passed together from the room, hand looked in hand. The honse was full to-night, for lt wss an eventful occasion. Many of the neighbours who lived too far off to return to their homes -Miss Tapley and her nieces among them were sleeping at the castle ; and there was, besides, a large shooting party-Stewart Pember of the number-and other visitors, to celebrate the home-coming of the young couple, The affair once irrevocably settled, John Douglas had determined to make the best of it ; his sister's husband was already in his eyes a very différent person from Gilbert Tbainston, and he did his utmost to seem cordial. But Thaioston felt that Douglas always regarded the marriage aa a family oalamity, and he never ceased to harbour a bitter resentment for this offenoe, and a rest- less though vague desire of revenge. Kvetyn, whose endeavours to establish more cordial relations between her husband and brother bad entirely failed, looked forward with acme anxiety to having the two men living under one roof. Thaioston had an instinctive dislike to any- one so limpidly straightforward as Douglas, while the honest Scotchman could not feel comfortable among the confused lights and mysteries of a mina like that of his brother-in law. Mrs. Jardine shrugged her shoulders sadly. " AB well expect the lion to lie down with the lamb I 1 look for nothing but misfortune for Cairnsmuir from this time forth !" Mies Tapley's screams were heard outside in the hall before Evelyn and her husband entered, just as the noisy summons of the dinner gong brought the people trooping in, They bad come here to-night with a prejudice against the bridegroom; but Evelyn oould see with pride and joy that it began to melt away before the power of his brilliant personality. He had infinite tact, infinite cleverness. He talked to the right people ebont the right things ; was sound and conservative just where he ought to be sound and conservative ; a little bold and enter- prising just where the ground was safe for such adventures. He felt that he oarried all before him in an easy triumph ; his admirers were many, his critics few. The good country people, not accustomed to spend such an amusing evening, were, for the time at any rate, carried away. The dinner went off with singular éclat. There was a flash of electrical sympathy across and across the table, as rare as it was delightful ; sud everyone knew who was the author of the brilliance. Evelyn caught and flung further the darting snake-like talk, irridescent as fish's Beales, that issued with veritable serpentine ooilings from her husband's powerful brain. His metallic force of intellect struen the spark that set in unaccustomed blaze these minds of laxer fibre, till the heaviest among them felt him- self a new-born wit 1 Nor did the retiring of the ladies to the drawing-room break the spell. When, shortly afterwards, the rest of the party followed them, the hours passed os brilliantly and as pleasantly as ever, and far too swiftly to please the younger members of the Company. Vet the cause of all this unwonted excite- ment wore at times a furtive look of watch- fulness, almost of fear. Stewart Pember studied him with uneasy wonder. They had not met until to day since the marriage, and it struck Pember that Thainston's face in repose looked drawn and haggard. Some of tho people strolled out by the river side after dinner, wending their way down to the little bridge, or even wandering as far as the moat which encircled nome ruins at about a mile distant, from which a ourious ring of mist was rising stealthily in the evening light. " You don't look well, Gilbert," said his friend, " what's the matter 1 Surely your anxieties are over now." " Over !" he cried savagely, kioklng a great atone which had fallen from the battlements on to the narrow moatside pathway, into the water, "they had never begun in earnest till now. A year ago I would not have cared very muoh if the worst had come to the worst ; now I have everything to lose." His features were working painfully. "She believes in me in spite of them all-she cares for me ; she oould redeem me from the pit of hell if she would just hold ont her hand and call my name; if there's euch a place as heaven she, and she only, can open the gates for me. I am like a drowning men brought gasping to land. If this threat is carried out -do you see?-the gasping wretoh is flung book into the waters to finish his drowning, just when he would sell his soul for a longer draught of life 1" "it is strange to see you under the Influence of a new passion," said Pember; "you to whom the love of money was at one time all-absorbing. " I wonder whioh of the two is the stronger and the more lasting. Unless this disclosure is- well, very un- pleasant indeed-I would advise you to take your wife into your confidence and steal a march upon the enemy." Thaioston turned deadly pale. " Im- possible ; she would fling me off-she would hate and despise me." He broke off as if he were choking, leaning against tbe side of an archway, which apparently formed part of the pointed roof of some old dinlng-hall, now choked up with grass and rank weeds. A plant of hemlock grew olese to the entrance. Thalnston drew himself together. "I had "hatter stay here and suck hemlook stalks," he said; "or I might try the most, lt looks as if it were longing for a nice corpse. How weil it would hide one, wouldn't itt" "If I knew the real nature of your difficulties, I might enter into your feelings more intelligently," suggested Pember. "Bead that, then." Tbainston took a letter from his pocket, and handed it to his friend. Pember read it slowly with changing face, and when he had done he paused for Borne gloomy seconds. " You seem to be rather in a mess. What this disclosure with which he threatens you may be, I, of conree, don't know ; but since you regard it as impossible to tell your wife or brother-in-law, why oan't you raise the money on your wife's prospects ?" "Good heavens, man I my wife's succession depends upon her brother's dying before her, without heirs, and I oan't raise much money on Oval, as you may suppose ! This fellow wants money, nothing more ; if I will pay him ten thousand pounds in the couree of two years he offers to give up to me the documents that my happiness or ruin hangs upon, and then I should be a free man I But I need not say the thing is impossible. As soon as the blow falls 1 must leave the country-my wife ; it may not hsppen for a yoar, or a month ; it may be to- morrow - to night perhaps. I hold what I hold from moment to moment, not knowing when it may bc takeu from me." " Mr, Thaioston ! Mr. Thsinston ! WI ere are you ?" Tho dreaded voice of Miss Tapley came ringing across the water. " Confound that laughing jackass !" Thaine too exclaimed savagely. In another minute she had skirted the moat and was upun them, " Come, Mr. Thaioston," she clamoured, " you are neglecting your duties shockingly. Everyone is going in-it is getting so chilly ; and we are all as Ont OB p mealies without you. You can't think how dull it ii." " I can, quite easily," said Thuiuston shortly. ( To be conli/iued. ) A cler^vin^n Wis 0UJ4 - » . j ri -. i « ; in : ia the Church. Tho church oflbsr, b somewhat ill-read in tho Catechism, thong it best to keep a modest pl ace near th* in thu hope of osoapiug the ÍDquisit ion. tho olergymio obiorved, ail -...il in ward. "Jilla," sail he, "Wu it is b aptism "Oh, slr," answered J »ho, sjc» tc hing heal, "ye ken it's juit siKnsi: cc tomo i fifteen panos to the prose ltor. 