AMUSEMENTS. ' THEATRE ROYAL. FAREWELL-O* THE WARNERS. It must 'be very encouragingto dramatic artists to have so genuine an expression of popular feeling in their favour as Mr. Charles Warner and his daughter. Miss Gfacje, experienced on Tuesday night, when they said farewell to Australia,it might be for years, but we hope not for ever. The house was-«s big and brilliant as any of the short .season, and the reception accorded the two principals of - the company was such as must live in their remembrance, and make them feel that although Adelaide is described as. the most critical city in Australia, it is also just and appreciative. Mr. Warner has given us many intellectual treats, and we shall not forget his Othello, Claude Melnotte, ' Coupeau, Captain Swift, Farmer Allen, , Littlefan Coke, and the other favourite characters in -which he bssabovn. his versatility ; they will live in our memory, and the recollection will ensure him a welcome if he returns to oar shores. Mi«g Warner, though so young an artiste, has convinced Australians that she possesses , most of the best qualifications far saooess on the stage, and her future seems assured if she keeps to the .line of naturalness which she seems to have so sensibly laid down for herself as an exponent - of dramatic creations. In refined oomedy and drama Miss Warner has scored several successes, and will score yet more. She has charmed us by her maidenly dignity, gentleness, and evident desire to do- her best, and has won our respect by her conscientiousness and the> many proofs _ she has given- that she . is. a painstaking young actress, who is not likely; to . be spoilt by raise nor tempted into high dramatic flights gy flattery before die has fairly tried the strength of her wings. Last night Mr. Warner played "Hamlet," and played it with the%ame care and consideration for the oorrect. conception of the part as he did when he was here before. That goes without saying. He is one who does not make Hamlet mad, but as one whose brain is vehemently heated by the fearful suspicion which haunts his highly wrought mind. A. prince in bearing, an accomplished cavalier, his Hamlet is a.pleasing study, albeit somewhat after, the manner of a man of strong individuality, who has played many parts on the stage as Mr. Warner has. His Hamlet is a vigorous .one, perhaps a little too exuberant at times, ana secured our respect, because it was not a reproduction, but Mr. Warner's own version. We have already given our opinion of his view of the character, and the mam virtues in it are that he does not make him a "moralizing monomaniac," nor a solemn stalking soliloquizing misanthrope, bnt a physical prince of good presence, and fair promise, but whose energies are diverted into a tragical channel by a brooding sorrow, which has overthrown a noble mmd. The fair and unfortunate Ophelia appeared in maidenly modesty, with - gentler dignity,- tempered by sadness, as Miss Warner presented her, and it was a quiet subdued impersonation that went to the hearts of the audience. It is a r61e that comes well within the range of the young actress's capacity, and there was no artificiality. Into the lines "Oh! what a noble mind is here o'erthrown" she threw a world of pathetic meaning, and in the mad scene there was a judicious avoidanoe of exaggeration. The Ghost told his direful tale with precision, and the King, who was dressed in Othello's robe and wore it not so gracefully as Warner, carried out his programme in a mechanical fashion, which proved him to be not to the manner born. Of the company we can say no more than that they did their level best no doubt; it is a scratch ompanv, so to speak, and we will not tone [own the success ol Mr. Warner's farewell appearance by criticising his willing supporters. At the fall of the curtain Mr. Warner and his talented daughter were called and received with much enthusiasm. Mr. Warner, who was much affected, said he could but inadequately express his deep sense of the frjpifnaaa he had received from -the Australian people. He came here a perfect stranger, to remain for sixteen weeks, and stayed two years and six months. (Cheers.) He was compelled to go home on account of two calls of duty—-his family and a London engagement—4>ut he assured his hearers that if possible he would return to these shores at the end of two years. (Cheers.) He closed by saying—Wherever I go; wherever I make my home, be it far or near, I shall never, never forget Australia and the kind treatment I hare received from Australians. God bless you aJL" (Hearty cheers, and a Voice—" And you too.") Mr. John If. Sheridan will begin a short season of nine nights at the Theatre Royal this evening,. when the . new version of the moral and religious drama "Uncle Tom's Cabin" will be presented. The popular < comedian will be supported by a powerful combination of two oompanies—dramatic and musical—in addition to a large number of auxiliaries, and the drama will be presented in the same complete manner as at the Opera House, Melbourne. Miss Gracie Whitefonl as "Eva," Miss Fanny Wiseman as "Topsy" (the original representative in Australia), and Mr. Charles Lewis (the coloured comedian) as "Uncle Tom"are also included in the cast, whioh promises to be a very strong one. The scenery is by Mr. George Gordon. 