Sailing Notes. The racing: season commenced well on Saturday last, ?when in a light E.N.E. wind three races were sailed. The debut of the Varuna gave epecial interest to the Sydnev Amateur Race, and she did very well for her first race. Irex came home first, but Ellie saved her time by 17 seconds. We are glad to say that the Balmain Regatta Com mittee will try to get a yacht race after all. They offer prizes for a race for all yachts, handicapped, provided they can get sufficient entries. - - The Sydney Amateur Sailing Club sailed their first race of the season on Saturday afternoon last, it being a hurry scurry for prizes of £5, £3, and £2. The boats entered, wiih their handicaps, were asiollows: — Ires, 22ft., scratch; Varuna, 22ft, 2 minutes; MoIub, 24ft., 3 minutes; Ellie, 22 It., 3 minutes, Kananook, 24ft., 4 minutes ; Curlew, 22ft., 6 minutes, Vaouna, 22ft., 6 minutes; Lesbia, 23ft., 8& minutes; fretta, 20ft., 8j minutes ; and lanthe, 19ft, 10 minutes. The course was a flying start at 3.15 p.m, from line between Kirribilli beacon and starter's bo it, down to and round -he lightship and Sow and Pigs and Shark Island, back round the flagboat off Fort Macquarie, thence round i-orc Denison and back to the flagboat. J he conditions being jib autt mainsail' only, no booming out allowed. The meeting of the Irex, one of our fastest 22-foot boats, and the Varuna, also a 22-footer, recently built to iheorder of Mr. W. Paul from a design of Mr. W. Kecks, was looked for with much interest by boating men, as Varuna is a new departure. Irex won with 10 seconds to spare after allowing 2 minutes' handicap, but Varuna is probably not up to concert pitch jet. With an ebb tide and the wind moderate from about E.N.E., the starter lowered his flag as a signal to be off, Varuna being first to cross the line, on the starboard tuck, Ellie following on the port; the others, with the exception of Kananook, which did not put in an appearance, crossed tbe line in a bunch. Varuna was the first to t-tay, and stood down on the port stretch. At Fort Denissn Ellie, although to leeward, locked like leading, Varuna being to wind ward of the island. Then came JEolm and Irex to the leeward of the latter, all on the sort tack. JEolus soon uveruuiiieu vacuna, ana sauea inrougn Her lee. Irex was now sailing very lively, and stood after Ellie, both passing to leeward ot the Fort. Varuna and -Eolus, Jollowed by others, tacked short at the Denison and stood half-way across the harbour. Elite was first to stay, while 1 the Irex stood on to Garden Island before throwing round, and on ibis stretck eroesei tbe fleet, and was then in command ; round again ,pn the port tack, and nil stood away for Bradley's Head. Vacuna drew on Varuna, the pair -naking a good race for some distance. Irex fast increased her lead. Ellie, Varans, and Vacuna came about on the etarboard took, and stood towards Athol. Irex stood well down in midstream, making (he most of the ebb. JEolus following the movement, both stood far enough t» clear Bradley's Head on the next stretch. On the work down to tbe Lightship the wind was getting lighter and flukey. The Curlew and Vacuua improved their position', pawing JEoluu on the way down, while Irex led the Varuna by 1 minute 40 seconds round the Lightship, tbe Ellie, Curlew, Vacuna. JEolua, Lesbia and Netta rounded in tbe order named. Sheets ?were here eased for the lead to Shark l6l»nd, which nan pjucu luuuu iu 1110 Bailie uiucr. KJll Lilts run UaCK to the flagboat off Fort Macquerie, JEoIub overhauled end passed Vacuna, and tbe times rounding the boat were— Irex, at 4-43-4-') ; Varuna, 4-46-15 ; Ellio, 4-46-0; Curiey, 4-49-55; jEoIw, 4-50-10; Vacuna, 4-51-0 Lesbi*, 4 57-0 ; and Netta, 4-68-20. Varuna, at the rounding mark, was just her time allowance behind the Irex. Ellie, having lost a few seconds, a couple of short boards took them round Fort Dcnison in the same order, and the flagboat was passed by the Irex at 4-58-0, Varuna at 5-0-10, Ellie at 6-0-43, Curlew at 5-4-24, .aSolus at 5-5-4, Vacuna at 5-5-15, and Nett* at 5-9-0. Ellie takes the first prize, beating Irex on tine allowance by 17 Eeconds, which secures second prize, beating Varuna by 10 eeconds, the latter taking the. third prize. The placed boats were in charge of their respective owners, aud the duties of starter and umpire were in the hands of Mr H. Doran. A hurry-scurry race for theboats of the Balmain Sailins Club was sailed on Saturday last. The boats entered, with their handicaps, were as follows : —Triton 22ft., Victor 20ft., and Itonia 20ft, all scratch; Portia 22ft., 1£ minute; Harold '22ft., 3 minutes; Nerem 20ft. and Bettina 24ft., each 4 minutes; Agnes 22ft., 5 minutes; and Our Own 16ft., 7 minutes. The course sailed was from a flying start at 3.15 p.m. from line between starter's boat and White Horse Point down to and round Fort Denison, back round the boat off White Horse Point, thence round Goat bland and b*ck to flagboat, the prizes being two trophies jriven by the club for first and second boats. The conditions of the race were— Limited crews, jib and mammil only. Air. Garden, who fulfilled the duties of Btarter and umpire, got the boats away well together, excepting Our Own, the wind being' light from the E.N.E., and the tide strong ebb. Victor, having secured the windward position, was first to show to the front, Nereus, Triton, and Itonia being the order as the boats opened out Longnose Point. Short stretches were worked by the boats on the way down to Fort Denison, Victor slightly increasing her lead, while JNereus, Triton, and Itonia were making a good race of it, Our Own passing Bettina, Portia, and Harold on the ?workdown; and the times rounding Port Denison were: — Victor, 3h. 55». Oa. ; Kerens, 3h. 57m. 0a. ; Triton and Itonia, 3h. 57m. 60s.: Agnes, 3h. 59m. 30b.; Our Own, 4h. 0m. 25s. ; Harold, 4h. 0m; 42s. ; Portia, 4h. lm. 5s.; and Bettina, 4h. 2m. 15s. On tbe run tack to flagboat off White Horse Point, Harold im proved her position, passing Our Own while off the wind. Kerens, Triton, and Itonia kept well together, seconds' only separating them at the rounding mark. Petrel lost slightly while running, but made it up the second time down. The times rounding the boat were ? Tictorat4h. 31m. 55s.; Nereus,4h.33m.53s.; Triton, 4h. 34m. 10s.; Itonia, 4b. 34m. 20b.; Agnes. 4h. 37m! 15s.; Harold, 4b. 37m. 40b.; Onr Own, 4h. 3Sm. 45s.; Portia, 4h. 39m. Os.; and Bettina, 4h. 41m. Os. The breeze being lighter, the boats were not making good time. While working uown to Goat Island Triton passed the Kerens, and Itonia, sailed with judgment, passed Ihem both, being: then in eecoud position. Onr Own again left the Harold, the larger boat being unable to catch her ever the test of the course, which was completed by the Victor at 5h 14m. 6s. ; Itonia, at oh 18m. ; Triton, at oh. 19m. 45b.: Keren*, 5h. 19m. 60s: Agaes, Sh. 26m. 5s; Our Own, 6h.26m.2fl8; Harold, 6b. 26m. 30s; and Portia, at 6b. 26m. 40s. Thus the Victor takes the first prize, beating Nereus by log. 45s., which scores second prize 'y 2nJ- 10*. from Itonia. The placed beats were very well kandled throughout the race bv their owners, especially the winner. ' . _A handicap race was sailed on Saturday afternoon by the boate of the P. J. a. S. Club for a first prize valued M£5 5s, presented by die president of the club (the Hon. George Thornton, M.L.C.), the second, third, ?nd fourth boats receiving £3, £2, and £1 respectively, lne conditions of the race were jib and mainsail only, and booming out allowed, the course being the usual Manly one sailed by this club— which extended from a flying start at 3.15 p.m., between starter's boatandFort Denison, down to and round the R. S. Y. S. buoy at Manly, thenoe round Shark Island and back to flagboat moored to tbe southward of Fort Denison. The boats entered, with their handicaps, were as follows:— Mantura, Craigielee, JRegina, and The Gbost, each 24ft., scratch; Lottie, 24ft., 1 minute; Violet. Ata lanta, and Esmeralda, each 22ft., 4 minutes; Isadora and Our Tom, each 24ft.f 5 minutes; Scylla and Mas Bilia, each 24ft., 6 minutes; Our May, 24ft., 7 minutes; and Imogens, 22ft., 9 minutes. The steamer Admiral, under the direction of Mr. G. Bel lings, the commodore of the club, followed the contest, and was, as usual, we'l patronised, al though there were a few amongst the parry who were very glad when the steamer, after crossing the Heads, had got into smoother water, the rather rough sea haviug interfered somewhat with several of the visitors. A not ceable feature of the. race was the rather easy win of tbe Atalanta, which, although only 22ft, dis puted every inch of the course Bailed by the 24 -footer Craigielee, this boat beating the Mantura by 7 seconds for fourth prize. Scylla and Lottie both deserve credit for the way in which they were handled. With a moderate E.N.E. breeze, and the tide ebbing, the starter lowered the flag to a very good start, Atalanta being first away on the 6larboard stretch, followed by Retina, Manlura, Isadora, Our May, lmogene, Craigielee, Our Tom. Sc\lla. Massilia. The Ghost. «nrt Lottie all together, going off the port tack, Violet cross ing the line several minutes late. lmogene, coming on the starboard tack, threw Our Tom about, both going away on that stretch. Craigielee, withT. Leach at the tiller, was quickly making her way through the flent, all working Bhort boards down mid-stream to make the most of the ebb tide. Masmfia, while standing across from Clark Jsand on the starboard tack, meeting the lmogene on the port, the latter holding on too_ long had the misfortune tn get her 'mainflRil' Htllif* iha UTaaoilia nn++in»- hn« Unm1*;« through it. Any chance she may have had being now clearly lost, her skipper very wifely retired after passing Bradlev's Head. Craigielee, followed by Atalanta, had quite outsailed their opponents, Lottie. Mantura, and ftegina being the next in order. The breeze now had become somewhat lighter, and was at times nearly easterly. Craigielee, on the starboard tack, brought George's Head. The Atalanta, although to leeward, appeared to be reducing the gap. Being unable to clear the Head, she had to make a short board, both Btanding on for Manly. Lottie looked like overhauling both the leader*. Her new Bails, while on tbe wind, did not do her justice; they at times were qnite irgide out, The .Mantura and Scylla bioou across to tne eastern snore, and made a lead of it, both passing Reginaoff Middle Head. Atalanta at Ihis time whb very close to the Craigielee, and looked like passing her, when off Manly Point she drew up level, but Craigielee being to windward was first lo get the breeze, and left her opponent and rounded the buoy at 4h. 22m. 15s., Atalanta following at 4h. 22m. 40a., Manlura at 4h. 24m. los., Lottie 4h. 25m. 20s., Regina 4h. 26m. 8a., Scylla 4h. 27m., Isadora 4h. 27m. 35-., Massilia 4h. 30m. 55s., Earner^ alda, Our Tom, The Gbo-t, Violet, and Our May in this order, not timed. On tbe lead back to Shark Island, -and when off the lightship, Mantura drew up level with the Atalanta, but being to leeward was unable to puss her, these two boats sailing side by. Bide until off Shark Beach, when M untura's'skipper watched his opportunity and luffed across his adversary's stern, obtaining weather muisrfi. WAR snnn in £»p.nnA nlpr-A-in lnnt nnt^nif #\f Craigielee, which boat still led round Shark Island. Jibs were boomed out for the run to the flagboat off Fort Denison ; Lottie passing Atalanta off the wind ; Isadora treating Scylla similarly. Violet also improved somewhat while on the run. The flagboat was passed by Craigielee at 5h. 17m. 19s. ; Mautura, 5h. 17m. 25s. ; Lottie, 5h. ISm. 4b. ; Atalanta, 5h. 18m. 40s. ; Retrina, 5h. 19m. 46s. ; Isadore, 5h. 22m. 2Ss.; Scylla, 5h. 22m. 27s.: Massilia, 5h. 27m. 2s. ; Esmeralda, 5h. 30m. 29s. : Violet, Our Tom bringing up the rear. Thus on time allowance Atalanta, sailed by J. Robinson, takes the president's trophy ; i-'cylla, sailed by H. Miller, the second prize; Lottie, sailed by C. P. M'Conville, the third; and Craigielee, with T. Leach in charge, the fourth. Messre. T. Muhall and F. Wright officiated as umpire and timekeeper respectively. Gossoon and Minerva have, we learn from our latest American files, been having some great fights in the 40ft. class. GoB»oon, it will be remembered, is Bur gesB's latest, and was built specially to beat Minerva. Through the season they appear to have Bailed very evenly. In our latest files we find six races, four of them won by Gossoon and two by Mineiva. On August 19 they sailed a very close race over a 24-mile course, with a f rosh breese. * Gossoon led all round, and finished 1 minute 53 seconds ahead, saving her time by 2 seconds. On August 23 they commenced a series of matches, tbe best of three. The course was 10 milea to leeward and home. Gossoon gained 2 minutes 22 seconds on the run, and finished 2 minutes 24 seconds ahead. There was a very ight wind, and Minerva had not enough wind to drive her through the sea. The second match was sailed on the 26th. They started to windward this time, and Gossoon gained 5 minutes 44 seconds on the beat, and wen the match by 5 minutes 33 seconds actual, or 3 minutes 43 seconds corrected time. This puts Gossoon at the head of the class. 