CURRENT TOPICS. TO-DAY the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Pavilion, City Park, will be performed by his Worship the Mayor (Mr S. J. Sutton). The pro- ceedings will be commenced at four o'clock in the afternoon by the St. Joseph's Band performing an overture, after which the hon. Adye Douglas is to deliver an address. The ceremony of the laying of the founda- tion stone will then take place. The proceedings will terminate with the National Anthem. As the event is one of marked importance as far as Launceston is concerned, a large assemblage of spectators is anticipated. THE record of rainfall at Deloraine for March shows that rain fell on 11 days, the heaviest record being lia 43pts on the 25th. The total rainfall for the month was 4in 14pts. The rainfall for the corresponding month last year was l in 24pts; for the same period in 1888, 21pts; 1887, 2in itlpts; 1880, 72pts; 1885, 2in t1pts; and 1884, lin 43pts. AT the Launceston Tabernacle school room yesterday evening a very successful and pleasant meeting was held to inaugurate the 1890 session of the Tabernacle Young Men's Mutual Im- provement Society. The event was attended by a large number of ladies as well as the members of the Society. Pro- ceedings commenced with an address from the chairman, Pastor Wood, in which, when referring to a suggestion that a similar Society should be started for young ladies, he remarked that the object of the Young Men's Society was chiefly to help young men to use their tongues, but young ladies hardly needed this teaching. After the chairmasn's address an interesting pro- grausme was negotiated, including vocal musia by the church choir under direction of Mr A. Payne; solos by Miss A. Gould, Messre Holder (of South Australia) and Garrett. Impromptu threc-minute speeches on subjects taken from a lit, by members of the Society, caused much amusement, and altogether a really pleasant and social evening was spent. The room was nicely decorated, Mr Alfred Jones having lent a number of fisge, and other friends lending pictures, scientific instruments, and curios, LAST evening the annual meeting of the Tasmanian Teetotal Society was held at the Temperance Hall, the Rev. C. Price (president) in the chair. There was a good attendance. The secretary's action in refusing to allow Mr Iaorepool the use of the hall was unanimously approved. The Rev. C. Price was re-elected president, Mr D. Stirrer and Mr J. Shepherd vice- presidents; Sir Wallace, treasurer; Mr J. Johnson, secretary; and Mr H. Turner, auditor. The following committee were appointed :-Messrs Kirkham, Bishop, Farmilo, Turner, Marsden, Donnolly, Gregory, Piper, W. A. Solomon, Jackson, Broomby, and Blair. The election of trustees was deferred till next meeting. MESeus MACoIiLLAN AND Co. send us the Mar-h number of the English Illus- Iroaed Magauine. The contents comprise an article by Mr Grant Allen, illustrated by Mr W. B acombo Gardner, on the sub- merged village of Llanwddyn in the centre of the Glen of that name, which has now been formed into a gigantic reservoir, or rather lake, for the purpose of supplying Liverpool with water. Mr H. Varsall, hon. treasurer of the Rugby Football Union, contributes an interesting paper on the Rugby Football Union. The Forth Bridge is ably described by Mr Arthur J. Knowles. Mr William Gattic propounds a schemo for increasing revenue without taxation. The remainder of the letter. press is excellent, and the numerous illus- trations fully keep up the reputation of this firet-rate magazine. YccesuuiAT afternoon while the horses Deception and Sly Dance, bxlonging to Mr J. Lyell, were being riden from a yard in Brisbane-street, Deception shied at a perambulator and threw her rider, who fell somewhat violently to the ground. Mr Wilson, etorekeeper, picked up the boy, who is a son of Mr Lyell, but as far as we can ascertain be sustained no severe in juries beyond a bad shaking. AN accident happened yesterday to a lad employed at Mr J. Powell's stables. A young horse was being broken in in the yard when it became very violent, and kicked the boy in the mouth, knocking out several of his teeth. THE s.s. Warrentinna will leave the Town Pier at 2 p.m. on Thursday next for a four days' ernise to Maria Island and the East Coast. The vessel is at present in port, being overhauled, and intending pas- sengers can inspect her accommodation. As the number of tickets issued will be limited, overcrowding will be avoided. A number of passages have already been secured, and as the fare charged is reason- able she will probably soon have her com- plement of passengers complete. If the weather proves fine the trip should prove a most enjoyable and interesting one. THE strength return of the Launceston General Hospital for March is as follows:— Admitted during the month, 00 males, 26 females; discharged, 54 males, 25 females; died, 4 males, 2 females; strength on March 1, 49 males and 23 females, and on April 1, 51 males and 22 females. During the month 85 new out- patients were treated, the total attendance being 328, against 258 in 1889. Tne leading feature in the Church News for April is an interesting and pleasantly written account of his trip to the West Court, and thence overland to Hobart, by lBishop Montgomery. Our new Bishop seaes to have made the very most of his trip, holding services at Trial Harbour, Mount 'eehau, Mount Lyall, and Strahan. The remaining matter is of the usual excel- lent quality. Welch's Literary Intelligencer contains as usual a lengthy list of books, etc., besides some interesting literary scraps. A MEETING of the Launceston Fire Brigade Board was held yesterday after- noon, there being present Mr H. Weedon, chairman, his Woiship the Mayor (Mr S. J. Sutton), Messrs F. J. Boothman, H. Edgell, and F. Littler, secretary. The Mayor intimated that the matter of inade- quate water supply in Hill-street, which had been brought under the notice of the City Council, was in the hands of the Water works Committee. The superinten- dent (Mr R. Bennell) reported that Mr Stanwix had been permanently appointed a fireman, and that the night watchman had been withdrawn from the firebell tower since the 31st ult. The superin tendent fur her reported on the fire which occurred at the now Pavilion, City Park, on March 20, stating that more than 100 has of lime had been at the place. It was decided to forward the bill of expenses to the contractor, Br J. T. Farmilo. Accounts to tics amount of £74.7a ld were passed for payment, and the Board rose. Now that the export of pressed hay and straw has becouco ouch an important item in our trade, we are glad to chronicle any thing tending to facilitate the work of pr-poring lice material for market. A new and improved straw press, the manu- facture of the Whitman Agricultural Coucpany, of St. Louie, U.S.A., wes yester- day exhibited at work on the farm of Mr Wm. Beveridge near Longford, and all those who were present at the trial wire unanimous in their praise at the manner in which this new press performed its work. The trial was conducted by Mr J. S. Grange, assisted by Mr G. P. Brumby, of Longford, and the men who were engaged to work it had never seen a Whit- man press before, yet after being at work a few hours they were able to turn out the pressed article at the rate of 20 tons per day, and allowing for ordinary stoppages, it will be well within its compass to press from 10 to 17 tons a day without the greatest strain on the machine. Being strongly constructed-iron and steel being used in all parts and places where the slightest strain is taken — this press is able to withstand the wear and tear sof making bales under great pes sure with no injury to itself. The press is fitted with a travel ling carriage for transport from farm to farm, and during the coming winter we anticipate will prove a welcome addition to the stock of ngricustural machinery in the North. Messrs Alfred Harrap and Son are the local agents. MR. C. HORSPOOL was advertised to lecture on temperence at the Temperance Hall last evening, but owing to circum- stances, as he explained from the door- step, over which he had no control, he could not obtain the use of the hall, and was therefore at a loss to know how to dis- tribute certain books to a crowd of juveniles who had assembled. It appeared that Mr Horspool had given collecting cards to a number of children for the purpose of raising money for expenses, promising prizes of books to those who were successful. Before he announced that the hall was unobtainable he had received the money so collected, and, as was natural, the children, backed up by the usual youthful larrikins always attracted by the chance of a row, began to express their dissatis- faction in a very pronounced manner, and for is short time things looked decidedly un- pleasant for Mr Horspool. Eventually an adjournment was made to the Omnibus Company's yard, where, aided by the stalwart arms and whips of some of the men, the larrikins were kept back, and the books were distributed to the young collectors, who, from their remarks, ap- peared anything but satisfied with their prizes. Mr Horspool is announced to lecture to-night at St. George's School, Invermay, on the subject "Strong Drink." The result of the examination for the William R. Giblin scholarship, tenable at the Launceston High School, was made known yesterday. T. W. Maloney heads the list with 85L marks out of a possible 1350, J. F. Killalea being second with 722 marks. The other candidates, J. F. Bar \- nard, W. B. Heyward, and T. J. G. Wilson, also showed up creditable papers, the examination being a very difficult one. Maloney and Killalen wan exhibitions from State to superior schools in 1886. In 1888 Kilalea was awarded first place in the examination for the Council of Education aexhibitions, and Maloney the second. Both boys have been educated at the Iligh School since Mr AM. F. Darcey successfully negotiated them through their examination in 1886. A VERY strange and sensational event happened a short time ago in Jetzolsdorf, in Lower Austria. It reads like fiction, says a Vienna correspondent, but never- theless it seems to be perfectly true, as it was told by the Burgomaster of the place himself. The wife of a tradesman suc- cumbed there to a lingering illness, and, after the physician had declared that death had taken place, the remains were conveyed to the mortuary. The husband, who had loved his wife dearly, had ordered that she should be buried with her rings, earrings, and other jewelry on. On the night before the funeral a good-for-nothing fellow of the village, who had heard of this, broke into the mortuary with the intention of robbing the corpse. As he could not draw one of the rings off the dead woman's finger, he drew his knife to cut it off. But as soon as the edge of the knife penetrated the flesh the apparently dead woman who had been in deep unconsciousness only, gave a loud cry. Life had returned to her, and she rose slowly in her coffin. The robber, horror-struck, rushed off as swiftly as his feet could carry him. The woman, who was dressed in ordinary clothes, as in the custom is Austria, left the mortuary and went home. When she knocked at the door it was opened by the apprentice. He askd, " Who is there ?" and one can easily imagine his amazement when he received the answeer, " If is I, the mis- tress," and when he saw the woman whom he believed to be dead in her coffin stand- ing upright before him. In fact, he was utterly speechless from terror and trem- bling. So the women had to announce herself personally to her husband, who bemoaned her loss, and had meant to be present at her funeral the next morning. The meeting with him, of course, was of a more exciting nature still then that with the apprentice, and it took some time tbefore she could convince her hushand that it was not her ghost who spoke to him. THERE was a clean charge sheet at the City Police Court yesterday morning. LAST evening the final parade of the Launceston Rifle Regiment took place at the drill-yard, Major Martin commanding. There was a good muster, and the troops were put through the usual evolutions, and the fittings of the respective companies were submitted to examination with a satisfactory result. At 9.30 o'clock a march out took place, this troops headed by the band of the regiment marching through several of the principal stretes and back to the drill-yard, where they. wers addressed by Major Merlin, who impressed span them the neccssity of prompt atten dance at parads on Thursdeas evening at 7.15 o'clock, for no man arriving late at camp would be admitted. The men with few exceptions were clothed in their new uniforms, and looked remarkably well. IT is almost certain (says the Age) that the public debate on free- trade and pro- tection between Mr Henry George on the free-trade side, and Mir Trenwith, itL.A., on behalf of protection, will take place in the Town Hall on Easter Monday evening. Mr George has declined up to the present to take part in the contest, because no autisority lied been given for the arrange. ment made with the Trades Hall Council, whoss nominee Mr Trenwith is, and because no evening was vacant for the pur- pose. He has now agreed, however, to meet Mr Trenwith, and his committee is in favour of Easter Monday evening. We have escertained from Mr Trenwith that he accepts Mr George's proposals, and is in favour of each speaker being permitted to address himself to thce question for lii or 20 minutes. It is only left now to Mr George's committee to complete the arrangements. DURING the passage of the s.s. Flinders from Melbourne yesterday a little child named Herbert Henry Kay, who was in care of the father and mother, died of con- vulsions. On arrival at Launceston the body was taken to Mr Whitnall's River View hotel, where an inquest will be held this morning at 11 o'clock. WE have received from the Royal Colonial Institute the report oftthe Council presented to the annual meeting, which took place on February 18. The Statement of acounts is of a highly satisfactory nature, showing an income for the past year of £7738 7o lid, being £1157 5s id in excess of any previous year. The increase in Fellows amounted to 525, as compared with 283 during 1888. AT the Deloraine Police Court yester day (writes ocr correspondent), before Mesasr W. Abey and J. Hart, J.'et'., Daniel Picket was charged by the Superintendent of Police with allowing four pigo, being owner or keeper of the said pigs, to stray on the streets of Chudleigh, and was fined 23 6.1 for each pig and half costs, 4s 3d.— William M'Kenna was sentenced to be im- prisoned for one month for being an idle and disorderly person. AN old man named Peter Sloane, over 70 years of age, was leaving the Star Hotel about five o'clock yesterday afternoon somewhat the worse for liquor when he stumbled over the Stop and fell heavily to the pavement, suffering severe injuries to his head. He was tat, a to the Hospital where he is under treatment. He has been an inmate of the Invalid Depot, and was out on leave. WITH reference to our article in Monday's issue as to the value of the River Forth as a source of water supply for the town of Devonport, a Deloraine correspondent writes:— "It does not seem to have occurred to you that the River Forth run, through u mineral country, and sooner or later may, and no doubt will, be used for washing minem a's, and then would not ben desirable stream for supplying pure water." We had not overlooked the fact, and remembering the condition te which the pellucid streams of the north-eastern districts have been reduced by 15 years of tin mining, are keenly alive to the change that the establishment of a permanent goldfield at the Middlesex Plains might effect in the Forth. But it is easier to obtain an ex- tensive water reserve ares, and take pre- cautionary measures to prevent the pollu- tion of the Forth, than to adopt such a coorse with regard to the Don, where settlement already exists, and the process of pollution has been going on for years, and is Stendily increasing. To us the danger is but another inducement to the residents of Devonport to take prompt and united action to secure a permanent course of water supply while they have an un- polluted stream to go to. Delays ars raid to ts at all times dangerous, and in this matter the loss occasioned by delay may prove to be irrepasable. AN unusual occurrence took place during the sitting of the Court of Requests yester day. Mr J. F. Hobkirk, who had brought an action against Mr W. H. Abbott for recovery of an amount that he alleged to be due to him, in giving evidence ex plained that he had applied for the money to Mr Abbott who referred him to his solicitor, Mr G. T. Collins, for payment; that Mr Collins had not paid him, and a sulsequent application to Mr Abbott met with a refusal, as the latter alleged Mr Collins had already paid Mr Hobkirk. During cross-examination witness received a severe shock when Mr Collins produced the cheque which lIe had paid to him. It was palpable he had quite forgotten lie had ever received the cheque, and the shock was so great that the witness went into a fit in the witness box. The case, of course, fell through. Mr T. C. JUer, acting Commissariat General to the Tasmanian Defence Force, was a passenger from Hobart by express train yesterday. Mr Just came to Laun ceston to attend to his duties in conner tion with the Easter encampment. Tue Rev. Charles Clark, the well-known lecturer, who is now in Melbourne, intends spending about 12 months in Australia and New Zealand. The subjects of his lectures will be much the same as before "Dickens," "Thacokeray," "The Tower of London," "Westminster Abbey," "Crom well," "The Marry Monarch," "Christmas in the Olden Time," and so on. Some of the lectures were in the first instance written hastily, and have since been recast with considerable care. The "Dickens'' is an entirely new lecture, as are two or three of the othems. A GREAT attraction will be provided at the City Park on Monday evening next in the shape of a fireworks display by Messrs Brock and Adamson. The programme, which is novel so far as Launceston is con cerned, will include a panoramic picture of the Bay of Naples, illustrations of the Falls of Niagara, the eruption of Mount Vesuvius, the last days of Pompeii, in addi- tion to a number of comic devices. IN connection with the Easter encamp- ment of the Defence Force, special trains for Perth will leave the Inveresk station on Monday next at 10130 a.m. and 2-15 p.m., in addition to the ordinary trains. Tickets for these trains will be sold at special book ing office, open half an hour before departure of each train. As soon as as many tickets have been sold as there is accom- modation for, the office will be closed, and no more tickets will be sold. The tax upon the very limited resources of the depart- ment on account of Deloraine races, special trains for volunteers, etc., renders this course imperative. A special train will re- turn from Perth at 6.tS p.m. FRoM Messrs Fitzgerald Bros. we have received the April number of that excel- lent publication, the Australian Journal. It contains, as usual, serial and other tales, and a large variety sf other interesting reading matter. A MEETING of members of the Launceston Parliamentary Debating Society who intend to AN exhibition ofsHward's digging plough will take place to-day at Osmbsik, Evandale, between the hours of 10 and one, and three to five o'clock. A LECTURE on Missios Week Is Osisa" will he delivered by Msiss Resd. at Weaslsydale, Chudlsigh, tbis svening. Iss A. A. FaRIT, pianoforts and ergan tense, frsm Melboerno, annoences ihat hblathird half yearly visit to Tasmania will esmmsoce son ly £1. A lis sf osandy towns to be visited A CsnonxLe d"ance isnnnounnsdtot~ak Too es,. Cenionnial will leave the wharf so her usoal recersionto Isosovoar'. at 2-20 ps.m to-day. She is sloe anoeuocsd to make sa enearsion Is tho same place on Good Friday afiernoon. tIe oar advoitluing solamos M~r 3. 5, Wiggins notifies that having porchased the whols sf the stork ef the assl ned estate ef the late firm of Rows and Wigess drapnis, hs has determlned to hold a great cheap sale so the premises, sorsero Chbarles sod Ysrh streets, commeinoing A creole nader the sospires of the City Band, is nnounsacd to lake plane at Killafaddy so Easter Mondey. Aerrutcsrioss for the posItion of seganiet at b Crist hurch, Longford, are Invited op te the 