United Friendly Societies' Gala, 1890. The committee of the above met last evening at the the Secretary's office, Gurvvood-street, There were present representatives of all the different societies, Mr. H. J. Wilkins occupy ing the chair. Correspondence was read from Sir Joseph Binks Proprietory iu reference to the Demonstration Handicap, the full text of which the committee deemed it unadvisable, under present circumstances, to publish for a time. The Chairman stated that in a similar dispute to the oue which they had to deal with, a society in Maryborough, Victoria, had decided to have the race run over again. Mr. Kelly remarked that to do anything elt<o would lead to a complication. The Chairman said he had personally interviewed ail the competitors, with the exceptiou of A Williams, who ran seoond, and tbey were all agreeable to ruu the race over again The Secretary stated that he was in* formed that Williams would not be able to run again for at least a month, and he was not sure if he would ruu then. Mr. M Kearney moved, "That the Com mittee write to each competitor, asking them if they were satisfied to run the race over again, and it the majority were so inclined, that the race be run over again on a date to be named." Mr. Spring seconded. Mr. Goos thought it was not necessary to ask if they were all agreeable. Mr. Stoppelbein said if they did not agree to the decision of the Sir Joseph Banks pro* prietary and pay over the money to the first, .second, and third, it wub uot necessary to ask them all to run it over again, as some of them had not a ghost of a show-to win. Mr. Kelly said it was only a matter of courtesy to ask the competitors if they were willing. The Chairman again stated that, with the exception of Williams, he had received In* formation that all were willing that the raco should be run over again. Mr Kelly said he was agreeable to alter his motion to read, "That the raco be run over again on a date to be fixed." Mr, Goos thought that the first prize (£50) should be run for and divided into three prizes ; and asked the Chairman if the second and third men were not entitled to olaim the £50, whioh question was not answered. Mr. Goos also thought the second and third men had a claim to the first prize, Sir. Wunscii said the sanction of the com petitors to run the race over again should he had in black and white. In answer to a question, the Chairman said he could not say what the expense of running the race oreracain would be, but he thought it would well re»pay the Committee to to get up another day's sport for the purpose. Mr. Lysadoht wanted to know if any legal advice had been obtained on the matter. Mr. Stoppelbbin moved as an amendment that the Demonstration Handicap be run over again for the first money only, and. those who were placed receive their right share. Mr. Wright'wanted to knew who was secoud, as in a report by Mr. Goos, that ' gentleman who was a judge at the late sports, gaid he did not know who was second or third, all he knew was that Geelson was first, and Sir Joseph Bank's proprietary says that the judges decision must be upheld, and that the first money cannot be paid to tho second roan. Mr. Addison seconded Mr. Stoppelbeln's amendment. Mr. Miller salt) that, although in direot opposition to Sir Joseph Bauks Proprietary, ho thought it only fair to run the raco over again, Mr. M'Kearney thon withdrew his amend* ment. Mr. Lysadoht moved that tho meeting stand adjourned for a week, to onable tho committee time to get legal advice on the mattor. Mr. Kelly said thoro were only four or five who would bo likely to object, and he did not think it necessary to get legal advice. Mr. Lysauqut moved as a further amend* ineut that a commltteo consisting of tho Chairman, the Secretary, and Mr, Rao. bo appoiuted to waiton the second, third, fourth, aud fifth mon to got thoir poriuission, and if they be agroeable, to run it over again on a day to bo named. Seoonded by Mr. Wright. Mr. Kelly thought it would bo safe to have legal advice. Mr. Lysadoht thought thoro was a great difference between hia amendment and Mr. Kelly's motion, and as Treasurer he felt tho committee were in a poculiar fix. Mr. M'Kearnby thought all the competl* tora should bo written to. The Secretary said that everyone con« corned would havo duo notice glvon them in tho local papers. Mr. Kelly said that if it was the opinion of tho committee that legal advice bo obtained ho was willing to alter the wording of his motion. Mr. Stoppelbein said that if tho amend* mant were carried, ho could not see what legal advice was wanted. Tho amendment was then unanimously carried, aud tt© mooting adjourned, 