JACK PRICE: Only a Deck Hand, But He Gave His Life FPo Others. I suppose not one in a thousand jillcare to read a deck hand's story. reople call us coarse and vulgar. Granted ; but our work makes is so. There are ladies, I fancy, who will shudder at tile thought of such a btory,' and gentlemen who will dip into it carefully,expecting to find a string of oaths. Judge for yoarselv,.s whether this tlae of Jack Price, my partner, is fit for relined carm. cNo need to tell you of a deck handl's life. A man that beats about in thelcold and rain, handling sleety ropes or balancing limself on the gunorale of a coal harge with twenty feet of swift water under him, is nrt apt to be a prettr, kid-gloved, isft-voiced fellow. If his face is red it is because mroidwinter winds on the Ohio are not good for the conr. tilexion. Ifedeals with tough weork and is rough himself ; but his heart is just about as apt to be right as that of a nmember of t'arliament or a judge. We started from 'ittsburg on the George Ilamimond in July, Jack and I. There was a big river, and we made good time to Louis ville, where we shipped on the Charley Robeits, bound for Orleans. To say we foimd it hot oil the Lower MIississippi gives no ileaof the weather. lialithe crew were unfit. for duty. Onie morning there was a lwhispering among the Ibos. " What's nu, Jack ?' said I. "Steve Itlbinson's down with swamp fever." The bors gathered in a knot around the cunlptan. Beforherlong there wa: a I:nic amonrg them. Thle rmate shook his head and looked thoughtful. "The mann must be put ashole," said the eaptain. " No, sir I" cried Jack Price. W \Who are you ?" "Plain ,lack Price; but Steve don't go ashore. It's an outrage to think of doing it." it WIho's to Ilnurse hlim 1" " ie I" " Do you know what swar p fever is t" " Do I know anything 1" " Doultful." "I'il nurse Soeve, 1 tell you I We've miade live trips together, and if lie's put ashore here il the swamp L go with him." " You it is," soaid the captain, turning on his heel. "Not another man goes hito Stere's satalc- rooi." For ten days v tevle's rooin twas qani: lined. Nobodly hut Jack saw thie iiaide of it. We eaWe hilti soslietimles, carrlling soir ie thing to the sick man or sititing olt tile guards to get a breath of air; but every soild ion the boat, kept out of his way. \Ve all liked Jack, but the fever might, bie in hiia clothes. lie bega:i to look pale, but lhe never grumbled. One day ti, new:; came out toi us that j Steve was dead. A few huots after we buried hIit on an island in the liver in a pine bo, and the onily thing like a prayer :said over hint was from Jack : '" God help him I" 'Tihe fever did not spread, and c we all breatlhed freer. A few evenings after Steve's death I w.sc on watch at the lheat ,of the tol, and Jack rwas with mir. We were punlling at tobics to beelp oI the ioIsqiities. Theres wa:s a hIazeI over the water, but tire stars were shining, land the broad river was as iquiet a:s i lake. Jack," said I, "I've ,got a raging head ach a." "'Nol" said he, as if he asked a ques tion. iHe took my hald and held it. No' nt fever, is it, Jack 1' SCome andt lie down," was his answer. A dizziness caume over me, and, without Jack's arm to steady me, I would never have reaclied iny bunk. I renmember very little after that. 1 learned afterwards that I was delirious, but how long I can not tell you. I remoat her Jack's face near mte at tices as ill a drea'n--the kindliest face you ever saw, not hanldsome, ainy-be, hai a: faes with socme of Godfs gooirless ill it. When igot back to reality again I found Jack beLlndilng over ie.. I wts in the san:e state-room, arnd I couhl feet front tile motion that the boat was nirier way. " low lung have I been hitre, Jack 1" "Quite awhile, my boy." ' Antid where are we?" "Not far from aMemp!his." "GoiUg up or diown ! '. "Going Rhoue. Doin't talk iff it tires you." a'\irhat was tihe matter with me, Jack 2" "A touch of fever: but you're better now." "Can't I look out, Jack l It will do me good to see the sun." lie raised rme up as gently as a woman would have done, and I looked out through the glass door of the ststfe-reaomi eagerly as; a child. Had the sun ever shone so brightly before 1 The low wooded uir res looked like paradise. No neountaiistrlearmr ever seelled so beautiful to me as the great iuddy liver. I ,lack," said I, when he had laid nle down :gain, " whart can I ever do to pay you!~ " ray me for whatl" I" .(aok at me ; i'm thin as a ghost. I mlst have becu sick a long time. You've pulled ie lthrough, Jack." I've done nothing of the kind," sail- he, laughting. I noticed for the first time how very thin and pinched his face was, It seesmed as if he had grown old. '" Look at mie, Jack; you've been the best friend I ever had." lie male ino answer, but took my hand anl, pressed it. It seeme.d r.s if a mist crnae lietween us, a-1 I soaw big tears standing in Jaick's kindly e I thought I'd got past this," raid he, cun2hinc. Next day ire came in smirling, with a letter and some oranges. " went ashiorecat lemphis,':he expslainled, "and found a letter hroo sister Annie. Thelic're lookirg for me homei." " W\'c 11i sooa be in Pennsylvania again, Jaci." lie lookcd me full in the face and rsmiled. ills eyes seemed very large alnd his checks were bloodkss. It saddened rie to look at him. " I rnnet go no:u," srid he. "I hope you will enjoy tire otnigrs.' I wnas mlending fast, and aexpected to be out very soou. Jtrk did not comre again that day. Next morning the cook brought me a culi of tea. " Whlere is Jack?" I asked. "ii Busv." I thought of him ill day, but he did not Sfoolk,'" said I, atlrst. "I want your to tcllme the truth about Jack." " Don't you fret," ie answered. "I iut I must know." " Well, hc's'not able t> be about." " Where is hle?" " In hNo. S. But you can't go near hIim; he's got the fever I Delirious? W1ouldn't inow his own mother I" - ' \'io's nrriring him ?" '*I am-what little he gets. We can'tL make a hospital oit of the Charley I Iobarts." Cook triedto stop me, but I staggered across the cabin irto No. 8. 0 I could hardly reearui:e Jack s hie layon the huuk, his face was so flushed and his eyes so bloodshot. He had dropped dovn, too weak to take his clothes off. I took his hand and stood beside him. " Jack, my boy, what's wrong 7'! "Nothing, Sam." Jack never sild much. He was better at doing than saying. I looked at the poor fellow in despair. I had never nursed a"'sick person in my life. The captain came in while I sat there. " We must have a doctor, captain," said I. "flight as well want a gold mine," he re plied. " Itb look at Jack, captain. . What can we do?" 1 don't know." - "Sam," said Jack, looking at rue withl a strage cexpresaion, "you know ny sister'. Annie 1, " Certaiily, Jack." " I want you to tell me a;bout ime." " Yoli will soon see her, Jack." "No, Sai L; l'in going." W" \'le ibot goigd home." "Yes, going home. I'm Lired I Tired I" "Then rest, Jack. I shall be here." " Take my hand, Sam." I hae your hamave yor nd, my boy. Try to slteel." "Yes;" hle went on, pointing, "there's Annie at the door. She looks more and more like mother as she grows older. She's glad to see lse from the way she sn:ils." "Indeed she is, Jack." " That's Sam's voice; he got oecr thile ever well. I believe I had it, too. IlHear ol Point barkingat tie gate ; he's nmost as glad as Aunie to see me back. Alt, Sarm, it's goti to be bl,ck in I'ennsylvania--God's country I Annie ! Annie I" Ile fell back in a stupor, with his eyes set. 1 felt a splsm pass through hiis frame, after which his hadil lay in iiine like a life less thing. I looked IupI questioninglyat the captain. "(lad help lllml I He is dead." Oh, sulely niotl' " Dead I" he reprated. Only when I bent over him did I believe it. Jacek woo dead. " lie died working for others," said tile caplaini, alld in lieu of better words tlhese must stand for his epiaplih. [ clt only toil Jack's story in a pllaia ray. I can ilot till your eyes with tears as minie are lilled, as there is io nit bellind lily wVords. You reid of good micn--uselliss l ianod heroic men that pots sinll of and his torinns imi:rroltalis .-b-ut here there was one that noborly ever chaid of. Wiho was thlec to lead a fuiiteral scrrice over himii ill a lonely i,::ceon the river blrank next ilay ? l]Who nrYaCed over (he rough pine box ? Not i a prayir, not a h ryml at the fiuseral; only is ., teLas that c:?:ni Of g' Iliine' grief. We I left hirn there on the river banik with apiece of driftwood toi malr t his grave, which the ne?lt Iloti would sweep avwa. I founi ri a little lwer ,roi'wiig there-a:vil!et,lt hink, which i briu.?lt I. way for Annie. Jalck 5was ias i aomely a ima:i as ever you sa, a bill, raw-honedI fellow, with a twinkle of live eye that male one lasurh. liha yuit ibeen hliuiting foir I marIn oft polislh and ed?u cition you eaon i notharve pticked hiin ouLt. Ils hlead had lnot bern cultivated at tihe epsler-! iof hi liselhrt. Je iseed strong illn giuagu sumetii s rvien r a rope got tangl:edlor thei pIuils orked w hardori the coffee didln' steit himirr. I ani not trying to picture him Is ierfet r; I wrult :il .to kioiv hin as lie was, tlis voice i 5 sicik-riori, was ris ie(til as a chili'l; ie Iad il big, Itendor hesret, Skiindlier tirrun trnst womein haive, and a handl Ilthat served a fricud until ready to drop from wearincl.. I uImer!lbcr hilll as lie bent ovier mane while I ly helpless with fever, a kindly light bcuining ini his ibee thatibeau tilied it. .t learned then how unusellish hre was, and mly hearlt wenlt out to hili, na youns wcould have rone had you known him. This was Jack at his best. 