Dead and Buried, Yet Alive SIMILAR TO THE PASCOE CREEK CASE. (NEW YORK HERALD.) ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct 25, 1889.—On Mon- day morning, about 10 o'clock, a young man, apparently about twenty-four years of age, while walking along the bearers of one of the unconstructed upper floors of the new Endi- cott-building, missed his footing and plunged headlong into the basement below. When picked up he was dead, his skull being badly fractured. The unfortunate man was a stranger to all around the building, and when the coroner came he ordered the body to be taken to the morgue, and it remained there all day unidentified. The evening papers, however, stated that the man's name was Patrick Mahoney, from Minneapolis. One of these notices caught the eye of Michael Finn, a resident of this city, and a distant relative of Mahoney. The same evening, in company with Mrs. Tracy, a first cousin of Mahoney, he visited the morgue and identified him. A telegram was sent to Postmaster M'Cabe at Hazelwood, with a request that he inform the Mahoneys, who reside there, of the unfortunate occur- rence. On Tuesday, Mahoney's half-brother, who lives at Rosemount, came here and also identified, the dead man. Half a dozen friends and acquaintances of the dead man also called during the day and identified him. The remains were placed in a casket on Tues- day afternoon and got ready for shipment. The same evening Mahoney's brother Tom, accompanied by a number of friends who were well acquainted with the deceased, arrived in the city. When they entered, the half-brother of Mahoney. recognising Torn Mahoney, burst into tears, and the two, sobbing and moaning, went back to where the remains lay. Here both threw themselves on the coffin and wept as if their hearts would break. The deceased was again identified by his own brothers. Orders were given to get the body ready to ship on the 7.30 p.m. to Norfhfield, and at the appointed time the funeral party took their departure for home. On Tuesday, at midnight. Hazelwood was reached, and the body transferred to the Mahoney homestead. When Mrs. Mahoney looked upon the dead face of her young boy she swooned. All during Wednesday and Wednesday evening the body was waked, ac- cording to the Irish custom, and during this time hundreds of people who knew the young man well in life came to view the remains. Only a month or two before he had left Hazelwood, and all his friends and neighbours had a distinct recol- lection of him. The funeral took place on Thursday morning from St. Patrick's Church, and five hundred or more vehicles followed the corpse to the grave. Now comes the sensational part of this story. To-day Tom Moloney came to St. Paul to bring home whatever effects were left by his dead brother, going thence to Minneapolis, where he knew his brother had worked. Going to his boarding- house he inquired if his brother had left any effects behind him. Imagine his consternation when he was told that his brother was alive and well, and that he could get ocular demonstration of the fact if he would wait until noon, when the young man supposed to be lying in the little ceme- tery at Hazelwood would return for dinner. Tom Mahoney could scarcely credit the in- formation, and when the noon hour came a young man entered the door of the boarding- house. He approached Tom Mahoney, who shrank back as if confronted by a ghost. The young man was Patrick Mahoney— not Patrick Mahoney robed in sombre shroud, but Patrick Mahoney in life. In a moment the two brothers were wrapped in each other's arms, the one crying for joy, the other dumbfounded and unable to under- stand the cause of the scene. When Tom explained to his brother all that had taken place, how he (Patrick) had been killed in an accident at St. Paul, placed in a coffin, shipped home and afterwards buried by his father's side, the young man hardly knew whether to laugh or cry. The brothers left for Hazelwood this evening, and to- morrow morning the poor, heartbroken mother will meet her boy, whom she believes to be beyond the tears and sighs of this life. A young man named Abraham Spencer, brother of Thomas Spencer, miller, of Rochester, accidentally shot himself on Mon- day whilst rabbiting at Wild Duck, near Heathcote. Spencer was found dead by a man named Bastard, who had arranged to meet him. The charge had entered his chest. A verdict of accidental death was recorded at a magisterial inquiry. A fatal accident happened on Thursday to a farmer named Provost, residing near Majorca. He was carting water to his premises when the horse became restive and bolted. In all his efforts to arrest the animal's flight he fell from the cart, and the wheel passing over his body killed him instantly. 