That Unusual Noise. A.: l* What is tile matter with you thin morning ?" B.: "I didn't Bleep well laBt nij-tit. There was an umiEual noiee in my room." " Did it wako you up ?" "Yes; any uuububI noiee wakes mo up." ,l "What was tho unusual noire ?" "Well,you see my vifo ueverecolda dur ing the day, but stores up all her resentment, liko this stored clectrioity." ' - "But you wero speaking oi an unueal noise during tbo night." " Just so. I'm coming to that. You see, I'm 69 used to fcer scolding that it acts upon me like an opiate. Ab long as she jawa I Eleep like a top." " But what was the unusual noiee?" " Well, ehe began jawing and I fell asleep as usual, and I would fc&vo; slept alt right if it hscl not been for the unusual noise." " What unusual noiEC ?" - ? j " She quit talking." I IIE: " Nica night, isn't it?" Shc:"YcE' good night." HOUSEMAID (new to the instrument): " Somebody ringin' at do hellophone, niarrn." "Is Mr. Brown at homo?" Servant: " Yes, sir ; you will find him at liie club." RETENTIVE MEMORY: "I fancy I'vo Eeen that face before." " Yes, that's the wjvy I wear it." A biiart schoolboy has defined the word j "Dormitory " bb a place wlieio you try to deep, and oan't. Man? n coffin is covcred with roses by hands that never before* gave its occupant anything but thorns. YEAST : " Do you play chess?" Crimson beak: '* Well, no X oan't say that I play it. I work at it occasionally." ' "I nEAu your husband is quite gallant; Do you ever find any letters in his pocket ?'* " Only the ones I give bim to mail." SOCIETY is where people who were poor twenty-five years ago tell of the plebeian origij of their neighbors and conceal their own humble beginnings. Now in the parlor meet the pair, When golden day is done, Twojorms with but ono rooking chair, Two heartB that beat bb one. SJIITHEBS (reading Bign): .' 'Hands of!.' The poor idiots! Do they think anyone could look at that Btatue and not know, the hands were off ?" - HE could bos and run and kick the ball With fine athletic airs; But he couldn't heed the family call To carry ooal upstairs. " Wno was that ringing at the front door last night?" "The policeman." "What did he want 7" " He wanted tfc<s baby to stop crying. It kept him awake." CUSTOMER : .' I say, uncle, how long have you bad these new-laid eggs-in" stock?" Rastus" I dunno ezactly, boss. You ded,, I'se only been wu'kin' heah a month." MB. SOKES :'"Funny how one forgets ono'ff Latin and Greek! I cafi't remember my . hie, haec, boo,' even." Mrs. S.: " I think, you remember your' bio' pretty well." " Oh, would I were a bird I" she sang. Anct the young man leaned his head wearily upon his hand, and murmured: "Would you were, and'tho window were open." "THERE must be a firo' somewhere," said Jinks. " Why, I didn't hear tho bells," SBia Snioks. V Nor I," replied Jinks," but I just saw a messenger boy running." «. I HEAR your coachman ran c2 with £100 of your money. Are you goiDg to try to.re cover it?" " No, tho poor fellow will need it.f my daughter went with fcim." CENSUS TAKER (to middle-aged female): "How old are you, madam?" Female; "I have, ahem, scon nineteen summers." " Eywe you always lived in the tropics ?" Miss Amy : " And do you admire Miss Tracers, Mr. Goslin?" "Yes-awf'lyl She's so unlike all other girls, don't-cher know!" . KESCUER (who has pulled a man o.ut of the water): " Gracious ! Your head is bleeding. How did you cut it ?" llescued Man " On the water's edge, I guess." "Do great calamities move in cyolco?" , asked Brown. " They frequently do in . bioycles," said SmitherB, who had recently ; left tbree layers of his naEal cuticle on a. macadamised road. Foao: "I went to hear GuB.herleigh;/ preach last Sunday." Brown: "Why, I thought you hated to hear him?" "So I do; but it was his farewell eermon, I went, out of pure gratitudl." YES, Augustus, we believe it is better to1 have loved and lost than never to havei .. loved at all. It is bettor for the jeweller, anct the florist, and the messenger boy-and , sometimes for the lawyers. " A PENNY for your thoughts," exclaimed ' Miss Gertie to young M'Goosely. " Oh, aw -I don't wapt to. wob ycu like that, donoher know," replied M'Goosely,. and then he couldn't eee why everybody laughed so op roariously. HE (at midnight): " Funny custom tbs Chinese have. The hostess is expeoted to notify the caller when it is time to go." She (with a sigh): " But wa are in Australio, you know." Miss LOVELORN: "Isn't this a pretty valentine Mr. De Garry scot me?" Miss Caustique : " It's the very one he sent mo last year. I returned it with all his letters when our engegement was broken oil." TEACIIEU : " AVillie, bow would you feel i£ you should ask somebocy for bread and be given a stone?" Willio (a jeweller's Eon): " If it was no better than tbo one on your ehirt front I'd feel awful." " I HAVE thi3 evening been preaching to a congregation of idiots," said a conceited young parson. " Then that was tho reason you always call them 'beloved brethren?'" said a strong-minded young woman. GIMST (at a eeance): *' Do you recognise me ?" Mrs. Topper (confidentially): " Yes, you are my late husband, John Topper." Ghost (surprised): "How did you Jnow me?" Mrs. Topper (firmly): "I smelt your breath, John." TRAMP : " It is needless to ask the quea tiou, nmdarn. You know what I want." Lady : " Yes, I know what you want, badly, but I've only one bar of soap in the house, end tho servant is using it. Coma eg.iiu eomo other time." " No," remarked Jonesby enthusiastically, "there's nothing like the hot -water oure. li, will bisce a man up when all other re medies fail-or-Mrs. Slimaiet, juBt let ma have a cup of tea, it you please ?" 093 