THE ROMANCE OF AN IN- SURANCE OFFICE. Being Passages in the Experience of Mr. AUGUSTUS WILLIAM WEBBER, formerly General Manager to the Universal Insurance Company. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES, DOCTOR JAQUET'S SECRET. BY J, MAKSDRN SDTGLIi'FE. 1. Amonget the let>ser luminaries of the medical world in. Paris, towards the close of 1£51, few men occupied a position of greater promise, or were more highly spoken of, than Felix Jaquet. If the verdict of his medical contemporaries may be trusted, none of the ycunger members of the profession could show more right to the fame he was rapidly winning than the rising young praciitioner of the Kue Gastiglione. Felix Jaquet was thirty-five years old, and the rumour ran that before many years rolled over hie head he would rank amongst the most eminent physicians and surgeons of his day. Dr. Jaquet's rising fame was built on the sure and enduring rock of capacity. His diagnosis, made with rapidity, though with care, invariably proved correct, even in the most difficult and complicated cases. His dexterity and skill as an operator, when necesBity demanded recourse to the knife, was a little short of marvellous. But what most contributed to his popularity in medioai circles was the coolnesB of his nerve and the intrepidty of his courage under the most trying circumetanceB.that can test the self-command of an operator. HiB presence of mind never seemed to forsake him. This made him a tower of strength when he was joined with others in difficult caseB. Besides these special qualities, he was possessed of a fine, handsome presence, a low, mnBioal voice, soft and sweet as a woman's, whilst his courteous znannera made him remarkable even amongst a nation of gallant men. Dr, Jaqnet was popular wherever he went. Whether mingling in the company of savants, or interchanging views with hiB political associates—for he was an ardent politician, as we shall see presently—or whether he unbent from graver pursuits in social reunions, Felix was a welcome presence. As for his patients, they simply adored htm—the ladies especially. Perhaps the external appearance of the man, and his chivalrous bearing towards "the gentler sex" may have contributed to the idolatry with which they worshipped him. His figure was tall and well-knit, his features clearly cut, his noble brow was shaded with heavy masses of wavy, black hair, contrasting well with the pure and white skin. But his eyeB would alone have made a man to be noticed in any company. They would flash with intelligence and fire when he grew excited over the wrongs of the exiled Orleanist family, and become keen and penetrating as an eagle's when some patient was under examination, But when in repose, they burnt with a gentler fire, assuming an expression of sednctive languor that made their glance almost magnetic. He had the high-strung sensibilities of the Gallic temperament, generally, however, kept under tt 'introi of an indomitable will. Bat with the bail at his feet, thwart. ' --e and thwarted ambition had turned Jaquet into s. restless and discontented ma._, although his perfect self control enabled him to hide his feelings from the eyes of the world. First of all, tho political outlook waa a sore disappointment to him. Folix Jaqnet belonged to a collateral branch of a noble but impoverished Orleanist family. But personal choice ev6n more than hsreditary tendency had led him to cast io his lot with the Orleanist party. For one thing, when he first came to Paris from his native town cf Lille, and took up his abode in the Quartier Latin as a medical student, Louis Philippe wus securely seated on the throne of Fr&nce; and remained the " Citizen King," as his admirers termed him, during the early sears of Dr, Jaquet's professional struggles, But the July Involution had sent the Orleanifit family into exile at Claremont, and at the same time swept away Dr. Jaquet's hopes of Court patronage*—a fact which he viewed with bitter resentment. . ... The "Manof December" wasnffff ra?'-, y maturing hia plans, whioh ended in the establishment oi the Third Empire, There were Parisians in plenty who deemed the Prince-President " dark and unfathomable." Bat Dr. Jaqnet was not one of these. When the Republic was founded, Folix Jaquet joined the knot of men who looked up to M. Thiers as leader, and Vfhu, averse to republican institutions, never ceased to plot for the retorr of the Exile of Claremont. VVhen Prince Louis Napoleon eeoured the Presidential chair for himBelf Dr. Jaquet's quick and active intelligence pierced the arch-plotter's designs and foresaw the ulterior purpose which this movement was meant to mask. Events ^ ere hurrying rapidly in this month of November, 1S51, and with Orleanij>ic politics in a sorry plight, Dr. Jaquet hald himself in readiness for a flight upon short notice, though he did not abandon ail hope that the machinations of the Prince-President might yet be defeated. " Hope eprlags eternal" in the breast of a political intriguer, as in the breasts of other men. But the consolidation of Lonis N&poleon;'e influence, and the rapidly diminishing chancea of an Or leacist rsturn, conttituted one cause for Di' Jaquet's unrest. But he had another eecret cauaa for dissatisfaction, It had been ! ; s late to ccnvraot a loveless marriage. Tu_> n:itch had been arranged sis years before, after the mast approved French fashion. Mdlle. Claire Benoit, the daughter of an avocat at Lille, w&s; considered the most eligible parti in the circle in which the Jaquets moved. The Jaquets had little money, but much pride of birth. Felix inherited the beauty of the family and more than a share of its talents. M, Benoit was of yesterd&y;, but rumour attributed to him the possession o* considerable wealth. There was the usual d it cut ston between the elders of the respective families, and after M. Benoit had steted the amount of the dot with which he proposed to endow his daughter, the parents decided that Felix Jaquet and Claire Benoit were necessary to complete each other's happiness, Claire Benoit was a woman who deserved to be loved with knightly affeotion. Her Blight, willowy figure, lithesome with French grace, formed the least of her charms. She possessed rare and surpassing loveliness, though her beauty was not of that sensuous type " that has driven wise men mad." It was rather of that order which painters seek out for their models, to sit for angels or saints, etheri&l; 'in type, such as is commonly found allied with great reserve and self-possession, and which some men, who dream not of the secret wealth of tenderness so often con- cealed behind a reserved exterior, are apt to consider cold. Such natures are cold to the men who are slow to perceive their native delicacy of feeling, and who, from want of Bulficient penetration into the mysteries locked within the arcana of a sensitive virgin breast, do not possess the maEter-key wherewith to discover their way to the treasures hidden in hearts like theirs. Dr. Jacquet, when firBt introduced to his fiancee, declared himself enchanted with hie parents' choice; but his heart was not touched, and it was fated never to bs touched, by Claire Benoit. His transports knew no bounds, however, when he learned the handsome dot which the Lille avocat was prepared to settle on his only daughter, half of which waa to be reserved to Claire's separate use, and the other [half devoted to furnishing the house in the Rue Castiglione and settling belix Jaquet in his practice. After a brief month's experience of wedded bliss Dr. Jaquet began to chafe under his marital bonds and grew weary of his servitude. He deemed his wife cold and unresponsive—wanting the master- key wherewith to "unlock her heart. He complained that she was too exaltte, too spirituelle, and once in a bitter scene, wherein he forgot hi» habitual courtesy, he reproached her with being a devote. There was some basis for his accusations. Though Claire Jaquet was not oold she w&s; unresponsive. But her unresponsiveness arose from timidity ^ad modest reserve. The nimble wit of the woman wis the first to discover that her husband was disappointed in his marriage, without, however, imagining the reason. The disoovery was nnspeakibly shocking to her, and her loving nature bacamc more contained within herself than it had been before^ She was more unresponsive than ever; and when, after the birth of her child —a bright, fair-haired little follow, with dreamy blue eyeB, who was like his mother in form and feature, and seemed to have inherited her gentle and retiring nature—she found that, in spite of herself, the breach grew wider between them, she betook herself more and more to the consolations of rel'gion. When ber husband chose to entertain she acted the part of hostess with well-bred tact and grace; but one glance at her pile faco ss she moved in and out amongst her guests was enough to convince a shrewd observer that whilst the body, and to some exieut the mind, of the charming hostess was there, and she was performing her part wilb an ease of movement that extorted adJiiratiJD, her heart and Boul were elsewhere. Matters reached ench a piss with Madame Jaqnet, that she was never happy unless in tho nursery playing with her boy, or at the Madeline kneeling and praying before the great altar. Ber visits to the Madeliiae were too frequent to promise well for their domestic peace. And yet, had Felix Jfvjutt known the cry that went from this woman's desolate heart through the stillness of tbe Church to the Divine ear bent over her, his heart wonld have been strongly moved with nicy, even ifit had not melted with love. " Give me my husband's love, or take my boy and me I" was the constant bardenof her agonizing plaints. Whm Dr. Jaquet shamly upbraided her withb: irg too devote, Claire went less to the Madelaine, but she continued to move about her home, where her dream of happiness had been broken, more like a pale ghost than before. She felt herself lying completely outside her husband's life and interests. He never addressed her except in termB of finished courtesy, such as he would employ to the stateliest dame amongst his patients. There were no vulgar quarrels, but she hungered for one look, one word of love, that w ould have told her that ehe was more to him then the mere lay figure who sat at the head of his table and received his gneBtB ! The cruel misery of it was that in the early dejB of their married life, whioh they spent in Italy, the seductive languor of Felix Jaquet's splendid eyes, his soft tones and wooing careeees had fired her soul with love, though she bad never been able to gather courage to tell him so. And since the thin end of the wedge had been driven in between them, and she bad awoke from her dream of happiness to find herself an unloved wife, ehe would have died rethsr than have revealed to him the intern ity of her passion, and her heart's hunger for one glance of affection from those eyes which had shone into her heait in the early days of their union, when together they sailed over the river paths of beautiful Venice, under the soft light of an Italian sky at eventide. The bitterness of realising that she was forsaken was unspeakable, and her whole energies became concentrated in hiding the passion of her love, which she felt wonld be a degradation under such circumstances to disclose. The time came when the breach between them was irreparable, and when, thongh continuing to live under the same roof, their lives where as far asunder as thongh they lived in different hemispheres, and seas roared between them. There was a tacit understanding on both sides that they should each go their own way, and interfere with each other's movements as little as possible. Alas! Claire's life admitted of little change. When not occupied with necessary household duties, or in paying the claims of her social position, Madame Jaquet went fromthennrsery to the Madeline, and from the Madeline back to the nursery in a beaten and monotonous path of daily habit. And so the dajs passed on till we come to the middle of November, in the memorable year of the coup d' etat, by which time her little Philippe was five years old, How Dr. Jaquet spent his time when free freir [ iofe8eion ana political cares will be told in the next chapter. II. Mdlle, St. HiUair, of the Opera Comiqu familiat'y spoken of by the gallantB of the Bou!eva;dsas "La belle Lucie," occupies a sviit of Lcoms in a house situated in the Rue Roya'e. The actress, who is seated in her boudoir, towards noon of the 15;h of November, clothed simply in a v;!:': •• peignoir, trimmed with rich lace, and . . r;.-- - in at the throat and wrists with biitc . ; uf pale bine ribbon, is expecting a visitor, Whilst she waitB impatiently for the anticipated arrival, her formal introduction to the reader may as well take place. The looseness of the gown that she wears can scarcely disguise the perfect symmetry of her supple Lform. The rich chetlnut brown of her hair, hanging down below her waiat, enrroundswith a deep golden halo a face that in its bright vivacity might have been drairn for thy Muse of Comedy. She has goad feature;-, and a transparently dear complexion, beneath whose puro whiteness the colour comes and goes in soft roEe tints? Her noetsile are delicately cut, her eyes large and exprcseive. Her mouth would be considered Bweet were it not for that somewhat haughty curl on her short upper lip. Lccie St. flillaire is celebrated for her beauty, her virtue, and her indifferent acting. She has lif.Ie talent for the life she has adopted— or, to speak more correctly, which has been chosen for he?. It was by no voluntary act of her own that " La belle Lucie" firetmade her appearance before the footlights Her father was an accomplished his ai--; ?es BEe nad cast £&r; a child's part before her unopened mind cculd comprehend the meaning of the role she was set to play. Once on the boards Bhe had .remained there, with little love for her art, and oaring little to excel in it. But she was possessed of a voice of considerable sweetness and con: pass, and in the parts for whioh ehe WEEcatt, she managed to cut a tolerable figure. But th e claqueurs, who heralded her appearance atthe Opti a Comiquewith boieterous applause, were not excited by any extravagant expectations of ber performances. They applauded her as a tribute to the radiant loveliness of her face and the statuesque proportions of her form. They called her " La belle Lucie" in honest praise of her beauty, not with the familiarity of licentious tongues. For Mdlle. St. Hill&ire;'s virtue, up to this point at least, was beyond reach of cavil. She had had lovers in abundance sighing round her, bnt she had cast every proposal aimed at her dishonour from her, and trampled them beneath her feet vvi;u withering contempt. At last she met her fate in Doslor Felix Jaquet. The handsome young physician, with his courtly manners and easy graca, conquered her heart. Bat when Folix Jaquet, enslaved by her charms, threw himself at her feet, she proved as deaf to his pleading* as ehe had been inexorable to the suits of men more highly placed than he, although she loved him with too great paction to show him the Ecorn that she had ponred on her former lovers when they hinted at her dishonour. Some yearning for ihe pure and simple joys of domesticity held her back from the sacrifice to which Dr. Jaquet invited her; but be, bailed anj defeated though he was after each attack, continued to press her to consent to hia views. " Break finally with Madame," she would reply, "and I will think about it. Net otherwise," And from this resolve she refused to be turned. And against her resolution Dr. Jiquet's remonstrances and pleadings spent themselves in vain. The little timepiece chimes out the hour of noon in vibrant Etrokes on the silver bell when Dr. Jaquet's arrival is announced by Jeanne, Mademoiselle's waiting maid. She .admits fcim to her boudoir with a winning smile of welcome, and her face flushes with joy as he bends over her and kisses her plump well-shaped hand with great impreesement. "I am delighted to see you, Felix," she cries, as he Beats himself at her feet. " I am feeling very triite to-day. It is the weather, 1 think. Besides, I wish to conclude the little talk we were having when you were called away last evening." Ah! if you would only come to the conclusion at which I arrived long since, how happy we should be !" he_ exclaimed, with aa adoring glance from his fine eyes. " And that conclusion is" " Tiiat we were designed for eash other." " So far, we are at one, Monsieur. But you are—what shall I say ? You are too diffident?"—with a pretty shrug of her lovely shoulders, and an expression of perplexity that, looked out of place on her laughing face, .but which made her appear more piquant and enchanting to the eyes of Felix Jaqu6t. " Too diffident! I am not wont to be esteemed diffident," he replied with a laugh. "But it iB very simple, moil ami, she exclaimed. We love. Is cot that so ? Is it not everything? But no! It is everything to me—a mere bagatelle to you !" You know yon are not speaking truly, ma belle Lucie, when you say so," Dr. Jaquut replied. " You know that I love you with ihe pent-np strength of a heart t iiat has never Iovod till is knew you." "I know that you love me, i'Ut net with the whole love of your heart, it <a a divided love, and selfish." "Selfish?" eried Dr. Jaquet, " I do not know what yon mean. I swear you do me wrong. I love no other woman. Ycu have my heart—the whole of it. yfou know it." " The whole of it!" exclaimed the actress. You are deceived. Paris divides the throne with me. You ove yonr friends, your position, more than you love me. You are selfish, Monsieur, in your love. I repeat it. You (ask from me a sacrifice. It is the greal^t a woman can make. But you !—you will make no sacrifice." " I refuse you nothing except ^ha*- ?s impossible ! You are unreasonable, ma belle, Ask anything else and you will see whether Felix Jaquet will meet your demandB or no." "Belas/ that is what you all say to ue poor women. We women aek you for this or that, and you say ' anything but that—ask somebody else and we will grant it; but do not ssk the only thine for which you care,'" " Try and be reasonable, Lucie," implored Dr. Jaquet. " Monsieur! that is a reflection!" exclaimed the actress, haughtily. " But come," she added in a pleading tone, "do not let us quarrel—not yon and I!" And her lips lightly brushed his forehead—an unexpected favour. " We vsiil not quarrel, my adored one," Dr. Jaquetsaid with emphasis;" but I besoech you do not be so inexorable in year conditions ; show yourself more facile, and end this cruel suspense," " But, mon ami, it" is very simple this which I ask. I am cosmopolitan without preferences—without ties. I am not wedded to Paris. All cities, r.ll countries are alike to me. I am indifferent! Only ' - ill not stiy in Paris to be pointed at. I v ul not come to you except as Madame Jaquet. Only say where we shall no. You are clever—eh V.en —how clever ! You have wealth. It is for yon to decide where we shall spend onr future. Bnt these are the conditions:—We leave Paris—France—behind us. Madame, too t She ninst never cross your life or mine —never! You begin afresh with me. I am Madame Jaquet. Behold everything," Dr. Jaqnet smiled and threw a glance of profound admiration on the actress as ehe delivered herself of her sentiments with an abandon and verve that he found mois bewitching, Presently he spoke, " Yonr scheme is perfect, ma belle Lucie. It has only one fault," " What is that?" " It is impracticable." "Perhaps, Monsieur wiil be good enough to osplain,"said the actress demurely. "I do not understand." " You know bow absurd it is to apeak of leaving Paris. What is to become of my patients? What is to become of me? Of my prospects? 16 wonld take years elsewhere to make such a position." " Yon mean you cannot give np your professional position here ?" Lucie exclaimed quickly, and there was a dangerous light in her eyes. " Precisely," Dr. Jaqnet returned laconically, waiting for tbe next move. "Not for my sake?" the actress asked archly, caressing his hand with hers. " Not tven for yonr sake, mo belle Lucie," was the uncompromising reply, "Pouf! Then don't speak of love any more, my dear Felix. The only love that is worth a woman's while to notioe is the love of an Antony for a Cleopatra. All for love, or the world well lost. Yoa understand ?' Dr. Jaquet understood perfectly, aft JT many renewed persoasions had failed to mo ve the actress from her determination. Hia own will was strong, but the will of this woman was granite. He WSB deeply mortified when at ithe close of a protraoted discussion he looked in her oalm, set face, and saw inflexible resolve written there, Bnt deep though his miserable infatuation was, and fondly thongh he cherished his guilty love in hia heart, he had no intention of playing Antony to Lncie St. Hillaire's Cleopatra by abandoning his fine position in the medical world in Paris, and the charms of the beat society in the gay capital at the bidding ot passion. sgTMg-^saar^ia " Very well," said the actress, at the close of the long discussion, " I have your answer and yon have mine. Oar interview 1B at an end, I think. Only be sure when yon decline to accompany Lncie St. Hillaire from Paris, that yon do not have to set out upon your travels alone I" " What do yonr mean ?" asked Dr. Jaquet. " It is very simple. You are Orleanist, are you not? How Jong do the Orleanista stay in Part* ? I thitik, my dear Felix, you are one of the compromised." " What have you heard?" atkedDr. Jajnet excitedly. "Tellme." " Me ?" cried the lady, affecting an air of astonishment, as she saw that her last shot had gone home, *' What should I know or hear? Trne, M. de Maupas has done himself the honour to admire me. It is very natural —most people do. Bat he has not whispered any State secrets, if that is what you fi.oon." " £hen explain what ycu mean by that threat," Dr. Jaquet eaid, " tor it a menace, is it not ? What is my danger ?" " There is no menace at all," the actrees replied coolly, " I have ears. The Prinoe is very popular. Th6y cheer him significantly when he appears. Five le Empereurl Vive I' Empcreur ? It is all the cry now.&I; draw my own conclusions." "I did not know that you were a politician, Lucie," Dr. Jequet replied with goadtempered satire, looking highly amused. "I? Iam no politician. I do not understand these matters; but I am a woman and I know Paris." "And you think when a crowd of Paris pamins cry Viva I' Empereur a pronounced Orleanist like myself is ia danger ?" "I do." There was much in this view of matters VrLich agreed with Dr. Jaquet's own opinions. But to hear his private thoughts put lets clear, incisive speech by the popular actress of the Opera Comique filled him with vague alarm. The sir, he knew, was filled with rumours, and h? began to think that in certain eventualities Mdlle. Lucie's conditions might eaeUy complied with, If the arcUiscEemer ^VllC ^'tlij mii»lng on ine way for empire was not frustrated in his designs, Paris wonld become too hot to hold a strong partisan of the exiled Orleanist family like himself. He had discussed several limes latterly v:\tb. his colleagues the prcBpects of a revolution, and all ."". reed that if it came It would be no rose-water affair. The Prince was Ihe master of twenty legions, and would not epare. Before another sun set the chance of eEcape might be cut off. The actress, when she fired her parting shot, knew that she was uei^t; the last arrow in her quiver. Its effect v, ^ visible, and produced all the effect she intended. Dr. Jaqnet, who had taken up im hat and waB preparing to leave, again seated himself, and remained for a time buiied in thought. There was security for himself, the knot cut that tied him to an unloved wife, possession of the only women who bad ever touohed his selfish heart, all to be obtained by taking time by the forelock, and anticipating the future by a few days or weeks. Expulsion from French territory was the least evil he had to dread. Beyond that, the terror was too vague to be correctly estimated. The end of his ruminations may ba told by whathe did. He had already turned most of hissecurities into cash. He nowconverted the remainder. Ho next obtained passports for himself find his wife in an assumed n&me; and on the night of the second of December, when LouiB Napoleon was mowing down the citizens of Paris in their own streets, and m&rohing; to Empire over the bodies of the slain, Folix Jaquet accompanied by Lucie St. Hillaire, was mileB away from the scene of carnage. T1 ey hi i! crossed the frontier and reached Bru ids. Is-ws < f the coup d'etat coon flew across the frrnlicr; and when Felix Jaquet heard the tidings in the Hotel d'An^leterre, be turned to his companion and exclaimed, " Thanks to ycur courage and wisdom, I am safe." Selfish to the core, his first thoughts were of his own safety. He had not a thought to spare for hiB former political associates, some of whom bad been shot down in the streets, others of whom had been thrown into prison. Nor did he trouble to reflect on the agony of his wife, through those days of terror which inaugurated the Third Empire, when ehe looked Id vain for his coming, nntil hope died out of her heart and she came to mourn him as dead. ( To be continued.) 