FOOTBALL. The Parramattas have to meet tbe University F.C. on Friday next, in the big badge match ; and there is little doubt a game worth looking at will be played. Tho team has not—at the time of writing—been picked ; but J. Tunks will probably be the only new man among the locals. Although Friday will be to some extent an off-day—it being a bank holiday merely—there is sure to be a fairly large crowd to witness tbe game, and lew, save the most enthusiastic followers of the crack team, will regret it if the Beds can but hold their own. Without going at all into the question of the odds about a win for tbe P.F.C. we must acknowledge that, if ever there was an oocasion before, on which they were required to distinguish themselves, there waB never one in connection with whioh the necessity was greater than it will be on the let prox. The U.F.C. forwards are such masters of the game that the Parramattas' wonderful powers in defenoe will be taxed to the utmost. The Parramattas would have a better show in the contest if they knew how to drop and punt properly ; bnt— as things have been of late—if they know, they keep their admirers in ignorance of their knowledge. The looal forwards—hardworking as they are—are not scientific enough to run over the representatives of Alma Mtltr; and we are compiled to expect tbat by Fridaynight the Parramatta public will have had their eyes opened to what is possible in connection with an open combined rush on the part of a team of heavy active forwards. Trie Uni.'s advance almost in a line, the man in possession being a few feet ahead of his comrades, who run with him in a formation like the crescent of the Spanish Armada. When the first man is tacklca the ball is passed, not yards behind, but yards across, and it may be but a few inches behind. Thus the defenders, to save ground at all, have .to be lined out almost as widely as from the kick-oS, and then they have to tackle quickly and surely. The gain is seen in connection with the fact that the ball on the pass rarely goes buck a couple of yards, whereas in an ordinary match one may see a ball passed 15 yaras or 23 back, and nothing thought of it. Tho lighter Parramattas must put their trust more in dribbling; and only pick up when such a coarsc is absolutely necessary. M. Tunks and forwm'da of his weight are dainty morsels iu tbe ormB of big active fellows like the brothers Bclbridge. 'Hie local wing men will have to te very smart to stop tbe Varsity passing, and wo hope to see A. Duvey given a share in this very responsible work. With tbe wing men the most important part of the play will lie. Weeton, if playing hack, must punt—if he can do so neatly—and kick. He will not have a ghost of a show if he holds till the backs get down upon him. We need not say which team we expect will win; neither need we say which we hope will win. 