WHISPERS fiT TflE WlffGS. By mQoib«.m This is the flatteft timetff too year, but timre is still plenty of amusement to be hod at the theatres, and as tbe Christmas pre parations are now complete, we join the pleasure or antidpatlidi to those of enjoyment, lor we know not only what ire nave, but wqat we are gomg to have. Now. for Christmas announcements. At (he Theatre BoysL of course, tbe Christmas piece is a pantomime. Christmas in Mel bourne would be shorn of half its glory if we had no pantomime at tbe BoyaL I bear that Mr. Dntrell, Mr. Boyce, Mise Eedd&U;, and other good folk connected with the management, and stage management, and ballet management ere nearly worked to death. People who bold these onerous positions always are done up at this time of 'ycftr. I believe, bnt they always turn up smiling on Boxing Night to reap the reward of tbeir exertions. Miss Jennie L93 is to be the hero of the pantomime, which is the ever-popular "Allodia," and where will yoa find a more attractive hero or a more charming and vivacious Uttle lady to play the part? Waltttb Slacgetxb's comic opera of " Matjorie" will he produced at the Princess' on Saturday, and that popular singer Miss Frances Saville wfll make ber reappearance in the principal charac ter. The engagement of Miss Saville greatly strengthens tbo company at the point where it is weakest, the want of a really competent and experienced soprano being at this moment almost its only defi ciency. In comedy, it is remarkably strong, such singing, actors as Elton, Vernon, and Byley being rarely joined in one cast. Mr. Byley, too, is an exceedingly accomplished vocalist, with a true and tuneful baritone voice. The accession of Miss Elsie Cameron has provided an excellent and attractive contralto, and Miss Saville comes in at the right moment to. make matters even. The company, of course, has already in Miss Florence Young a soprano who possesses a most useful and pleasant voice, but her lack of stage experience will necessitate a year or two of practice and .study before she can expect toe leading position she will probably 1 achieve. ! At the Bijou "The Squire" lias been revived, and is being most exquisitely played by Mrs. Brougb and Mr. Percy Lyndal, Mr. Titheradge and Mr. Boucic&ult.; Mr. Lawrence and Miss Williamson, Mr. Harris and Miss Seccombe, and Messrs. Gordon and M'lntyre. If you do not like that order of naming toe characters you may group them in any other fashion ; I don't much care whom you put first, they are all so very, very good. I think the very best bit in toe whole play myself is Mr. LyndaVs per formance of the little scene when Eric is left all alone after Kate has made it clear that their marriage must be acknowledged. The house rang with sympathetic laughter and applause, anff nothing 011 any stage was ever more natural, manly, genial and de lightful than the demeanour of tho proud young husband at this juncture. For Christmas we are to have " Dandy Dick," in which Mr. Anson and Mr. Brough will re appear, It is a capital comedy, lull of fan, and Eure to co. I a a . Grattan Higgs is a perennial person, coming up year after year as lively, as popular, and as young as ever. He has been running " The Irish Detective" in this country now for nearly eleven years, and most of us know it well enough to prompt him if he made a din. But we all turn up . with unfailing regularity to hear Michael | Doolan ask, in the cellar scene. "Who says ! I'm a shnoozer?" and " Who'll hould your j friend?" and to wonder at the stalwart pro portions of the muscular apple woman. Probably the first entertainment we shall offer to the Governor-Grneral of the Federated Australian Dominion will be a revival of " The Irish Detective' — unless, in deed, we elect to revive " Shin Fane " instead, in which the patrons of the Theatre Royal are now luxuriating. In any case Biggs will be about, and will plav a thoroughly satisfactory engagement to full houses. By the way, that other exponent of the art of retaining unfading popularity, John F. Sheridan, is off to New Zealand. Don't be surprised jf he turns up about May or June and plays through the wettest part of the winter to a thousand pounds a week. " La Fille de Madame Angot" is bo well played and sung at the Opera Hduso that it has revived all tbe popularity it had when it was first produced. Miss Nellie Stewart is a splendid Clairette, and Miss Liddiard an exoellent Lange, and the way in which these young ladies cuddle and canoodle in the second act, when they sing " Happy Days oi Childhood," and tho way in which they quarrel and slang each other in the third act at the Calypso Gardens are inexpressibly diverting, and exceedingly clever. At Christ mas it is to be replaced by " Chilpeiic." Mb. Davpxeu, who is just now doing excel lent business with the ever popular East Lynne, is to give us i: Vanderdecken. or, the Flying Dutchman" at Christmas. It is a good spectacular piece, and he plays it wonderfully welL Miss Dampier has a strong part in it, and the scenery will be extremely attractive. Christmas at toe theatres, therofpre, will be as it has generally been of late years — partly comic and partly supernatural. With comedians like Jennie Lee, Elton, Vernon, Byley, Snazelle, Wallace, Anson, end Brough at toe Boyal, Princess, Opera House, and Bijou, it is sure to be a merry Christmas anyhow, and, no doubt, the spice of tbe weird and wild which the story of the "Flying Dutchman" will impart will only iMke it jollier, jort as fi ghost stoiyiocraaM the tan of a winter party. I Sydney pantomimes wiU «IM feature at two theatres, «Snce Ifodka is to play um Dick Whittingmn" at ffff Majesty's, and Mr. foariay and Miss Tna B&linger; are to appear in " Cinderella" oi toe Theatre BoyaL Mr. Cartvright and Miss Olga Nethersale are to Open fib.' Hiscock's new theatre, under toe manage ment of Messrs. WilUamhon, appearing iu Mr. Haddon Chambers' new pTsy, nZho Idler." Signora Link and Madame Fatey are to sing twice in Jihw toe holidays. My Adelaide correspondent writes Tha Theatre Boyal is now closed dozing altera tions and renovation. I understand the pit is to be discarded, and the whole of. tbo' floor thrown into stalls, and the dress circle and other portions of the bouse improved, aod not before it was required. The Thawping (local amateurs) wiU re-open toe building next Saturday night with a performance of Tbe Honeymoon," and SL Maqr and Christie Murray will present ' Liitie Lord F&untUroy; " on Boxing Day. Mr. Keebe is preparing a pantocaine at the Albert Ball, " Aladdin," for Christmas ; and toe "Wild West Combination from New Zealand will open their show on Wednesday next. The Cyclorama is drawing good attendances, and lul ascent and descent on Saturday. A correspondent (Jules) writes to ask me " if it is true that Adeline Pattj was the original Leonora in II Trovatore ' when it was first produced in London a 4 Dmiy Lane Theatre." Certainly not. Adeline Patti did not arrive in England until 1861, nearly seven years afterwards. " II Trovatore " was first produced at Drury Lane Theatre la 1655, with toe following cast : — Leonora, ' Madame Lucy Escott, afterwards famous in Australia, who had in toe- previous year, 1654, made a successful dfbui at the same theatre as Elena in Rossini's opera of lei Donna del Logo " (The Lady of tbe Lake); j Azucena, Madame Fanny Huddart (Mrs. ; Eussell), mother of the clever artist, M. ' Harold Russell, now at the Royal ; MnrjcQ, j Mr. Augustus Brah&m;, one of three sons o| j old John Brabam, the famous tenor, and brother of the Countess Waldegrave ; j the Count dl Luna, Mr. Henri Drayton, | a handsome and popular baritone then | famous, now long dead, and Ferr&ndo;, Mr. I FarquharsoD, afterwards eo great a favourite as a member of the Lyster Opera Troupe. The cast was wonderfully good, and was preferred even to that at the Coveut Garden ; Italian Opera, where Grisi and Nantier : Didiee, Mario and Gr&ziani; soon after united i in the representation. Concerning minor entertainments there is i not much to be said. One Music Hall pro- | gramme is a good deal like another, and both are doing excellent business. ' Ma Felix Tanker, the fasting man at tha I Waxworks, is a plucky young man. He ! declares that he bae not yet felt any craving j for food, and he certainly seems to be in good i spirits. Still his appearance is greatly changed, and it is assuredly nonsense to ' pretend that these long fasts are hoi in jurioog j to health. I r you take the trouble to count up the I names of the ladies and gentlemen who ore 1 mentioned in the published lists of tha I companies in the various theatres of Mel- i bourne, Sydney, and other Australian cities, ; and add the iist3 of the artists you find in j the various star companies and travelling 1 troupes, you will discover about 330 to ! 340 actors and actresses actually engaged at j this moment. If you add to these about 1 half the number to represent those who art ' out of work, you will find thai wc have over five hundred regular professional theatrical artists in Australia. Probably the variety performers number half as many, and toe musicians in theatrical and operatic or chestras about half as many also. Thus we get at n thousand people, whom we actually ! see acting and fiddling and tootling for ug every night cf our lives. Then add the stage hands, ushers, clerks, treasurers, box- keepers, costumiers, scene-painters, mechan ists, stage- carpenters, sgents, and so on, and you will be perfectly astounded at too number of people who get to&ir; living by amusing their fcllow-crcatures. Mr. Garner told us a little while ago that each of the five theatres in Melbourne required an average £600 per week to keep it going. Thai makes £152,000 per annum, without the receipts of the music halls. Uxdeb date of 6th December, Mr. George Leo writes from Auckland: — " Tiling' theatrical are not anything too bright, but Mr. Toole 1ms done really excellent business. In Auckland the Vivian Dramatic Company, Travcrs Vale's Dramatic Company, and toe Fairclough- Elsa May Company are all on the look-out for managers. The Marion Burton Concert Company and the Rev. fihaa, Clark are in the Kelson and Wanganui fits- tricts, but they arc not doing too welL The Saville-Cowan Comedy (?) Company were recently in Wellington. The ' Achurch Company are experiencing very bad weather in Wellington. The Fanst Family are_ doing good business in the Napier district, and the Harvey Brothers are doing well in the South Island. New Zea land was certainly never in such a bad state as it is at present, and I should advise intending theatrical visitors to think twice before sending a combination down here. Our season closes here on Monday, and after a run up to toe hot lakes Mr. Toole onfl company will return to Australia by the he Kapo on the 12th, and open at the Theatre Boyal, Sydney, on 16th December for six nights and a matinee perform once. At Christmas Mr. Toole will appear at New castle, and after acting at Goulbourn, Wagga. and Albury, he will sail for London from Melbourne about the 12ih January." What word contains all tho vowels in d&8 order f Facetiously. 