CARDINAL MANNING. "(By IV. T. Stead, is r "The Review op Reviews.") oltvbb cb03iwelt.. It will prebably surprise most people when I say that tee first conversation I ever had with the Cardinal dwells in my memory cMefly be cause of the eulogy which he pronounced on the character of CromwelL I am an Indepen dent, and the son of au Independent, and lam proud to belong to a denomination which can boast the Lord Irotector as its Hero- Saint. His portrait, painted on an oak panel of the seven teenth century, looks down upon me from the walls of my new sanctum ; and his day of " double victory and death" (3rd September) ranks with 30th January as one of the red- letter days of my year. In the course of a long and interesting conversation the name of Oliver was- mentioned. I said I supposed he was in scant favour with a. Roman. Cardinal. " Y<?u are mistaken," said he ; " yon are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. I put that entirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, but as a Moslem. But, looking at him apart from that. Irish expedi tion, I have always regarded Oliver Cromwell as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or, since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Im perial destinies of England abroad and such passionate concern for tee welfare of tee com mon people a,t home." As it is much more to me to be in agreement with any one about Cromwell than to agree about tee dogma of infallibility, an Anglican frieud, to whom I re- fated the remark, sneered as he replied, "How admire the wily Cardinal, and how well he knew Ms bird." "outer cbohwell is not dead." Cardinal Warming 'never " piits on side.'' There are those who say teat in dealing with men of his own faith he is more of the Prince of tee Church than he is with those who are of other communions. But so far as I have seen him he has always been the same — genial and hospitable. I have seen Mm at all hours between 10 and 16, and never founlhim dis turbed by my" intrusion. Possibly if people called upon Mm merely for gossip he might be different. I have usually gone on business of one kind or another, and have always found him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helpful counsel. Speaking one day of his position in England to a visitor from Rome tee Cardinal explained teat tee Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Pro tes taut country. He drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by tee Catholics 'under the dominion of tee Queen, and said : " My priests are a very de voted body of men, but so completely has the ancient' prejudice died out that I sometimes think teat we are even too well thought of in England. But," said he, afterwards, "I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects tee rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond tee equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim to exercise any flnnavini'lf U - uonatinn/in nn fn cm a t> atiw privilege which was not" possessed by anyone else, what a storm there would' be! Never forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is only sleeping, and at any moment he may wake up," NONCONFORMISTS AND ANGLICANS. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many times, 'was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone coald be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to he nothing more absolutely certain in the world than that tee Church has heeu absolutely mistaken in many of the most Important issues on. which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. Bat to tee Cardinal tee Nonconformists are nearer tee Catholic Church than the Angli cans ; and of the Nonconformists the nearest axe tee Quakers. The Quakers, he has fre quently said; hold fast' to tee fundamental truth of the reality of the work of tee Holy" Ghost. "!£bey limit tee workings of the Divine Spirit- to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of troth is that tee Holy Spirit also works throughtee Chnrch of GpcL" -He was particu larly pleased at my recognition of the Quaker like character of .the servioe of tee Catholic Chnrtfa. The morning Ma& is a' Quakers' meeting pins a genuflecting celebrant, vhose presence yon need not even notice if yen dose your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in tee kindest terms. He quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some one lightly predict the coming downfall of England; re marked—" If yon knew England as I do, yon would know that , the Nonconformists have oreated in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England to pass safely through crises wpicn nave overwnaimea oiner empires. his love fob children. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When be speaks of the home as the sacredfoundation of society, he differs from .the -normal priest, who by tee ' conditions of ' his "calling is homeless and wife less. Cardinal Manninghas been married. He had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyes frbm tee lives of other men. His love for children is with Mm an abiding pas sion, audit is this which constitutes the.close tie of sympathy between him and Mr.; Waugh, tee indefatigable director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty, to Children, which has bejsn so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugfa that tee Cardinal published " The CMld of the English Savage"— that terrible paper which first roused tee conscience of our people to their duties to the outcast child. It was through the ' Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her in tention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society ; and in tee Cardinal Mr. Waugnhas found "from 'first to last an energetic and in valuable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of Dngland. Many have been tee speculations as to tee figure which the Cardinal will make in history. Some have pictured Mm as the .tribune of the poor, others as an incipient Hildebrand, others as a nineteenth-century Loyola, but I prefer to tbinlr of him as the loving-hearted old m:.A, who, when his heart is filled with ecstacy after a meditation on the life and tee love of tee Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in tee London pnT-i-gj and silently blesses them in the name of Him who said, " Suffer the little children to oomo unto Me, and forbid teem not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." in 1885. During tee time of the agitation that led to the passing of tee Criminal Law Amendment Act in 188o the Cardinal was my most effective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strength and unfailing help in every time of need. It was he who suggested tee Mansion-house Committee, on which he subse quently served, and he covered me as with a shield by his generous and Ms unstinted sup port. I remember at an early stage in the pro ceedings I remarked with a smile that I might find myself in gaol before . tee work was done. He remarked—" Well, if so, I will come and see you there." He was not well enough teat dis mal and foggy winter to come to Hoiloway. nor was there anv need, for the imprisonment which I had anticipated was of a very different kind to that which I actually enjoyed. \Vh:it was feared was teat before the work was done, when no one understood what was aimed at, I might have been run in and punished as if I had actually committed tee crime I was seek ing to expose. After the Criminal Law Amend ment Act was passed, the subsequent trial and imprisonment did not count. The only purpose which they served was to immeasurably in crease the impression produced by the original revelations, and force one out -of an anonymity which ante then had been so strictly gnardea that my name was hardly known to anyone beyond my family and professional circle. Cer tainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in eveiy direction as the process by which it was sought to crash me. But it was a trying time while it lasted, and the Cardinal stood by me through it all iu face of a storm of obloquy wMch would have daunted most men. I look back upon that year with boundless gratitude to tee in numerable friends, most of them before un known, who supported ma with a zeal and en- fltnaiaam wtiinh T wnH far from desarviner. And amniijr my Catholic supporters there was none so staunch and true as tee Cardinal. The first letter white "I received in Coldbath Fields prison, which was given me at a time when I was forbidden tojreceive any letters, was from tee Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth havipg gone to gaol to reteive. " November 11, 1885. V My " Dear Mr. Stead, — ' All teingB - work togetiiOT forg to teenithat loye God.' You bays Served' SQmwith A single tye. And the 'Stofk J urn: been xioiib' ob you wrap on" theate- tentoi NqStetehtecan iihdoit. Yon quoted tey/W&ds; te te9 North. ' You hare now the crown upon your work, that is to suffer f errors ofiudgment and a literal breach of the law which left the moral life of England- almost witephfrtfefence. I have so strongly -f«I fc thin ind . ><> clearly seen through tee you teat' I Ixffiove what faas wbfk some uirioreseenand gtegbo»w.collsblatioh., "WteiteioQyBrt . .4 . mo.,', f p ' _ e it may be in my power to do shall be done. May God give you JEs peace. — Believe me, always yours very faithfully, Heney E., Card. Axtebp." Nobly did hefulfil his promise. Never have I appealed to him from that time to this to help me in any work in which we were of one mind teat I did not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. an imperial .englishman. When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire and believed in England, and were capable of taking wide views. In my list of those who answered to that description I put tee Gardinal at tee top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all tee years that I have known him there has never "been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect her at borne that he has dot been in tee forefront. Whether it has been the strengthening tee navy, the defeat of . tee Channel tunnel, the develop ment of tee volunteers, the cheapening of post age over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal. In one respect undoubtedly Rom has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It ' tends to give them a wide -outlook. It familiarises them with the conception of tee world as a whole, wMch delivers them from paroteialism. You see this in any Irish priest who was educated abroad. ; you feel it at every turn in tee Archbishop's palace. But although the Cardinal corresponds every week in Latin, French, and Italian, he only thinks in English. He combines tee spirit of a. Falmerston with tee philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles with both a tenderness and patience and kindly sympathy for the like of which I look in vain among other men. exetebShail in a bed hat. Yet Ms patriotism and_ his high Imperialism never blind him to tee claims of Ireland and tee rights of tee subject races. He is a Home Ruler to tee heart's core. No man teat I know, not of Irish birth, has , so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to him always tee Isle of tee Saints, At tee Vatican Council tee Irish bishops seem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he ex cuses them on the ground of tee oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholic Church, which counts tee chil- dren of St. Patrick as its missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was being vehe mently abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand by his side and identify himself with his Irish brother. For Archbishop Crokehehas always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although he is strong for Home Rule he has constantly set Ms face as a flint against tee dis memberment of the Imperial Parliament teat was contemplated whon'in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel tee Date members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom tea Cardinal regards as Ms clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is maeeu a .xma uj. pereonuieu jcixeter-nau. under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for tee abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to tee fore. Nor are Ms sympathies limited to those people with whom we hare to do. Far be it from me to pry into the mysteries of tee Curia; hut it is an open secret that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has r-ed no effort -to Convince the Vatican that day of the dynasties is past, and teat the era of the peoples has folly dawned. \ the christian socialist. - The Social question is to . Cardinal Manning tee question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, tee re moval of their temptations — all questions re lating to the amelioration of their lot — are con stantly with him. He is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a .Socialist as to lay down in the strongpet terms that " a starving man has a natural right to his neigh- boor's Mead. So strict is this natural right that it prevails "over all positive laws of pro perty." They must know little of life, he is constantly reminding us, " who do not know what ruin of men ana women comes from the straits of' poverty." There is an admirable article in tee third volume of his " Miscella nies" which is entitled "A Pleading 'for, tes Worthless," which is implied with' tee spiritof Him who came to seek and to save those who axe lost. Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In tee dockers' strike — of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory — he only did on a wider platform, and in right and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends Ms life in doing on a smaller scale. 