THE WIZARD'S TO WEl? ' u (From Cassell's Sal urday Journal) a CHAPTER I. I felt that Father Philpot was right, and that my aunt ought t) be taken into our confidence as soon as possible. I therefore hurried to the smaller drawing - room, where she was in the habit of sitting, and it was only when I found myself actually in the room with her that I began to feel that there might be some little difficulty in making the desired communication. To be compelled to explain to a nervous, elderly lady that a member of her family, who has been reputed dead for the last hundred years or so, has suddenly come to life again, would in itself be bad enough; but when the lady has been in the habit of regarding the gentleman in question as a midnight disturber of the domestic peace-" in point of fact," as Mr Micawber would say, "a ghost "-the position becomes even more complicated. The occasion, too, was unpropitious, for my aunt's dignity had been seriously rufiled by the levity with which we had received her advice of the morning. All these consider tions flashed across me simultaneously, and did not contribute to the ease or grace of my communication. "Aunt Lettice," I said, nervously, "a very strange thing has happened." She glanced at me with cold dignity. "So 1 should imagine, Marmaduke, from the state of your carments. And you have a huge smut on your nose." I made a dab at my nose with my pocket handkerchief, with the result, as I felt instinctively, of distributing the smut over the greater portion of its surface. But the communication I had to make could not be delayed by so trivial a matter as a smut on the nose. I glanced at my garments, which were covered with dust, and at my hands, which might have belonged to a journey man engineer. " Iam rather dirty," I said. " But that isn't much to be wondered at, under tile circumstances. I've just come from the Tower." "The Wizard's Tower?" shrieked my aunt, throwing up her hands with a look of horror. "Sir Gregory's tower, at any rate. And I've just seen Sir Gregory." " I knew you would-I knew you would!" cried my aunt, in a tone of mingled horror and triumph. "You can't touch pitch and not be-what you call it; and you can't go meddling with sacred subjects; at least -I-you know what I mean-without bringing down a dispensation. I knew you'd see him I Nowe, perhaps, you'll take an old woman's advice, and have the Tower exer-exorcised, and then we may be able to sleep quietly in our beds again." "I hope we shall be able to do that in any case, but you don't quite understand, aunt, Sir Gregory is alive !" "Alive!" shrieked the old lady, evi dently thinking I had taken leave of my senses. "Sir Gregory alive I Why, he has been dead for the last hundred years." " Yes, I know," I said; that is he was; or rather he wasn't; at any rate he isn't; for we have brought him to life again, and I went you to come and nurse him." "Nurse a man who has been dead and buried for a hundred years ? My poor Marmaduke, your wits are certainly wandering." ' Not at all, I assure you, aunt. I was never better in my life. I am telling you the simple truth. If you doubt me, ask Father Philpot or the doctor; or come and bee Sir Gregory for yourself." "Not for ten thousand worlds!" cover ing her face with her hands, as though to shut out the awful idea. " See a man whose ghost was walking only last night !" "But his ghost did not walk, my dear aunt. The light in the Tower, and the sounds that alarmed Corrigan were made by Father Philpot and the doctor and myself bringing Sir Gregory back to life; or rather waking him from his long sleep, in accordance with his own instructions- the Quennell Secret-handed down from father to son for the last hundred years." The mention of the Quennell Sepret changed the current of the old lady's ideas, and brought her back to a belief in my sanity. "The Quennell Secret! Your poor father always assured me there wasn't any." " Probably the best way of keeping it a secret. But he could not help himself, for it was only communicated in the male line, and he was strictly sworn to secrecy. Had he lived till now, it would have been his duty to resuscitate Sir Gregory." "B esuse- I My dear Marmaduke, would you mind telling me what it is really all about, for my poor head is all of a ucrory-go round ?" "?Certainly. To put the matter shortly, it is just. this: Sir Gregory, who was a very scientific man, had found a method of sus pending animation at pleasure. He tried it on himself, leaving directions that he should be resuscitated-brought to life again, you know-at the end of a hundred years. The hundred years are just up, and we have resuscitated him accordingly. He is alive, but that in all you can say, and the doctor says he will want the best of care and nursing to bring him round again." "But where has he been all these years, then P " "In a secret resting place contrived for him in the Tower. Just now he is lying on a little truckle bed there, the same, I suppose, he occupied a hundred years ago; but the bedding is moth-eaten and falling to pieces, and something better must be done for him at once. I really wish you would come and see him. If you won't nurse him yourself, you can, at any rate, make proper arrangements for lookfing .fter him." "Then-you are quite sure you are not 'eceiving me, Marmaduke'-the Tower never was haunted at all?" .'No more than this room is. A man can't have a ghost until he's dead, can he, aunt? An-d Sir Gregory has never been dead-only taking a sort of long nap." " If you're quite oertain of that-I mean about the Tower-I almost think I will come with you. If Sir qregepy is really alive [ shouldn't like him to ?ipnk that I hadn't treated him with proper respect'." "That's right," I saidd "1 knew you woniuld do the right thing. Let us go at once." SI mut ask you to wait a few minutes while I get ready," she retorted with dignity. "I will bhe with you directly." The few minutesxarpand?4d to somcthing like half an hour, during which I was chafing with impatsnce. At last, howoeer, the old lady returned. She had put on a black satin dress, and a bonnet which she only wore on the stateliest of state occa sions, " My dear aunt,' I exclaimed, "you cannot go like that. The oldest cloak you bhave, with the hood thrown over your bead, would have been o uch more to the purpose. The dirt and dustef the Tower will ruin your handsome ,armepte.' "'My dear Marmaduke,' she replied, ." in a case Pf this kind you must allow me to judge for myself. When visiting the head of the house" (I made a mental note of my own deposition fror that dignity), "after so long a period of-p.-a-retirement, I should never forgive myself r 'I failed to treat him with Proper Respect." "Just as you please," I replied, " I only hope you mayn't be sorry for it." (I am afraid that, privately, I rcather hoped she would.) We crossed the quadrangleto the door at the faot of the Tower, where we met Corri Igan, whoise well-meant efforts at sweeping and dusting bad met with scorn and con tumely at the hands of Dame Quince, and who now stood at the foot of the stairs, broom in one hand, and shovel in the other, giving vent to his wyt) pnd indig seation. "Is it myself, thin, that doesn't knep the n oind ar a broom ~from the other P I wish I nas behind her wid a broom, the blatherin' onuld she-devil (savin' yer pre uence, ma'am). See now if I wouldn't aweep her where Saint Pathrlck swep the makes and alligaythers-the cantankerous 'uld reptile I Bad ceaseto hOrJ" "Order, Corrigan," Isaid. "There is a lady present, remember, and you must' moderate your language." "'B edad, thin, 'Il wait till your honours as got past, for it's nothin short o' the biiggestend blackest o' language that'll fit iher desasin'as-the unmannerly old she srocodilel" [ knew that when Corrigan's:temper was airsly roused, there was nothing for it but to allow it to work itself oI in strong leon. un5ae. We therefore poased on pnd went up the stairs. I found that Dame Quince I had taken possession, and, with the aid of an active housemaid (vice Corrigan, super seded), had already cleared off the worst of the dust, and rendered the Tower compara tively habitable. At best, however, it had but a beggarly appearance. Sir Gregory lay on the pallet bed, under some hastily brought blankets from the servants' quar ters, and the doctor sat by his side, now and then administering some medicament C with a teaspoon. At my aunt's approach he came to meet her. " We all owe you an apology, Miss Quennell, for what must no doubt have seemed very unmannerly behaviour, P in disregarding your suggestions this morning; but, you see, we were in rather a difficulty. We knew that your appre hensions were without foundation, and yet we could not very well explain. I hope we are forgiven." "Oh, certainly, doctor.; don't mention it. I bear no malice, I assure you. In deed, I was not even thinking about the matter. My present purpose was to pay my respects to the head of the house, re stored to us in such a-a-providential manner." She smiled sweetly in the direction of the bed. The doctor smiled in turn-a quizzical smile. " We are very glad to be honoured with I your presence, Miss Quennell. But any mere visit of ceremony might as well have been postponed. Sir Gregory is alive, but I that is all that we can say about him. Be has no consciousness of passing events. It takes some time to wake up a man from a sleep of a hundred years." A glance at the withered face on the pillow, just barely breathing, and with scarcely more colour than the white hair and beard which fringed it, showed that the doctor spoke the truth. I saw my aunt glance down re gretfully at her black satin dress, thus thrown away on an unconscious man; but she made no remark, and the doctor continued. " Whether we shall be able to call him back to the enjoyment of complete vitality is problematical. In any case he will have to be nursed back into life by inches, so to speak, and he will want the most constant and unremitting attention. I think he had better remain here for the present; but a good many alterations will be necessary." " Give your own orders, doctor," said my aunt, graciously, with another glance at the bed; " you have only to say what is wanted, and it shall be at once supplied. Dame Quince will be able to arrange for the nursing, I daresay." " i'm sure, ma'am, anything in my power for Sir Gregory will be done most willing. I think, with Ann and Susan to help me, I can manage the nursing, and before many hours are over our heads, we'll have the place a little decent. If we'd only known Sir Gregory was na-a--comin', I'd have had it redd up beforehand." I was amused to note that with Dame Quince, too,.I had sunk into the back ° ground, and that the wizened face on the pillow was so quickly accepted as that of the real head of the house. It was curious, too, to note how quickly the first acute sense of wonderment had passed, and how our retainers, once relieved of their super natural fears, accepted even the most abnormal state of natural things 'with comparative indifference. Sir Gregory was no longer a myth and mystery, but a nmere sick man to be nursed into convalescence ; anud the fact that he had been sleeping, like a bewitched prince in a fairy tale, for k the last hundred years, seemed for the d moment to have slipped out of memory altogether. " Very good," said my aunt. " Of course I shall superintend the nursing myself ; Sbut I am not very strong, and the arrange ments had better therefore be made with out reference to the part I may take in them." "And if you have no objection," said the doctor, "I will ask you to have Ianother bed, or a couch of some kind, " placed in the room above. For the next two days, at any rate, I shan't leave my n patient." (To be Continued.) 