THE GHOST OF VALLORE. M.S.M. Lake Wendouree by [?]light! That lovely sheet of water with its margin of trees throning their shadows on its smooth surface, him the [?] boats and yacht creeping to ami fro, is imleed a scene of bean cy. Nothing could be more pleasant at the close of a hot summer's ilay than a Bail thereon, at least so thought the merry party of some 15 or ’2O persons on board the f S . They had been sailing about for about mi hour. Song after song had been Sling, till all seemed tired of singing, ami silence followed. ‘ Someone tell us a story,’ was at last sug gested. • ‘A story! a story!' was then a general exclamation. ‘A ghost story,’ said one of the party. ‘Oh, no,’ quickly answered another, ‘A story told by moonlight, on Ihe water, should be of romance and love. ‘ We waiit neither romance' or love,’ said tlje first speaker, ‘ We have all beard ghost stories tdhl in a dtn’ily lighted room, when tin; wind was blowing outside, and every thing was wijd and \yienl, now ter. us have a change, and have one tdd in bright moon ! liolit, and not a breeze blowing.’ After a deal of chit chat it was found that nothing would suit hut a story, told by someone who had seen a ghost. Thun came another diili ctilty—not one of the party seemed to have the lionur of a ghost’s personal acquaintance. ‘You are very quiet, Miss Musgrave,’said one of tile gentlemen,’ speaking to a middle aged lady sitting at the how of the yacht. ‘ Oh, I was wondering what your idea of a ghost, is ?' replied Miss Musyravo. 'Something white, tail, and vapory.’ ‘Something that, glides about at night, and causes a cold draught wherever it makes its appearance.’ ‘.Something that makes your hair stand on cud and your ever start from their sockets • Something that makes you shiver in your shoes and all your teeth rattle.’ ‘ Something that would cause oue to quote “ Macbeth ” and say, ‘ Take any shape but that, and my firm nerw shall never tremble,’ ejaculated different members of the party. • Then I am afraid my p .or experience will not meet with your requirements,’ said Miss Musgrave, ‘for the only thing I ever saw that I could class as a ghost was short, rather solids and nearly black.’ ‘The very tiling,’ they exclaimed; ‘ pleaso tell its.’ . • ‘Now, lads,’"said the captain, ‘let us maiiage tile boat as quietly as We can, and not interrupt Miss M'irsgnive. Kindly pro ceed, and gratify our curiosity.’ ‘Some 12 months ugo,’ responded Miss Musgrave, ‘the regiment to which my brother belonged was stationed at Delhi, ■uni I whs ut tlmt time staying with him. The iiiy season hud hem veiy long nml in tensely lint, mid we were looking forward with delight to spending a month in the hills, llnh, my brother, had made up a party of 13—10 gentlemen and five ladies, including my sister-in-law and myself. We were to stay at Bnngnpoic, some seven or eight miles from Almora. Bangnpore, let me exphiiu, was not a place mush frequented by travellers, and only had two or threo European residents, hut the gentlemen were i assured that there was excellent shooting in tile neighborhood, and that we of the weaker | sex would find nice drives and walks. All went well with us fora week, and we were thoroughly enjoying the change and beautiful scenery, but unfoi tumitely on the. ninth or tenth tiny of our stay an accident occurred. The gentleman had left early that morning oil a shooting expedition; they h.ul not been gone more than two hours when one of the native servants, who lutd iiecompanied'them, came running hack apparently in great dis tress. With much dilKculfcy wo "gathered from his garbled tale, tint Major Dean hail, whilst stooping to get 'through some hush wood, accidently knocked his gun, causing it to explode, and that they were bringing him borne. Poor airs De.ui was milch alarmed, and, indeed, not without cause, for an hour liter, when rlie others arrived bearing him on a rudely constructed litter, they told ns that, fie h.ul i-c-ived the full dial go in the thick part of his leg, and they were ill grave doubts as lo where the bullet hail lodged. A l '* surgical attendance was not avail.lidc where we were, it was decided, after much consideration, that a bed should he made for him in one of the express waggon., and that Mr.-. Dr.au, myself, an Ayah, and two other native servants sin-iibl go back to Altnurit, in or near which place we. knew there was a medical man, who happened to be an old erdh go churn of the major’s. Having to pi ! cod slowly it was nearly nearly dusk when we arrived at the comfortable-looking bungalow named ‘ Vallnrc’ in which the doctor lived. He was at home, and at ooee bail the major taken inside. After an ex amination lie relieved our fears by sayino that in a few days the major would be woll again the wound being merely a flesh one, and his great weakness being caused by loss of blond. Dr Crane would not hear of us going into the town for aeo-unmodatioii, but insisted that we should stay with him for a few days, until the major could return with us, milling that he him plenty of house room, and id though lie lied no female ser vants about the place, he felt Mire wc Would be very comfortable. Wc joyfully accepted his olb-r, the major hud tieen placed ill a room next iiie doctor’s i:> which a lounge was to he put for Mrs Dean’s comfort. My room was opposite, ami our female servant was given a sleeping rnnni down the pas sage. Being veiy tired, wo did not sit up late, ami speaking for myself, I exchanged my dress for a wrapper (lor I had told Mrs D -an I should be ready to answer her cali any time through the night). I had hardly laid my head on the pillow when I was fast asleep. 1 must have slept for n couple of hours, when I awakened with a feeling there was someone in the room. The night was bright moonlight—us iight as this —and although the Mmttcrs weie closed I could sie distinctly. I sat up, mul for a minute gazed around, when X was horrified to discover the form of a Sepoy standing at the foot of my bed. His regimental coat was torn and dirty, tied in his hand lie had a broken ritle, with a bayonet attached. X Was paraly-e-d v. itii fear for a second; but at last jumped from the bed and rushed , towards tiie door. Before I could reach it the door opened, and Mrs Dean .ran in, ‘Oil, Miss Musgravc," she began—but stopped, and pointing to the man, screamed, ‘ loare is one in my room, too.’ Xlow wo got into the passage X cannot say; but we got out of tile room and pulled the door after us, lost in time to meet our ayah, distraught with fear, * A .Sepoy, a Sepoy |*. she gasped, and flinging ileiseif on the. floor, she grasped our skirts, - The doctor at this moment opened the door, and we explained to him our fright. He went through the rooms, calling ns tp foimw, but them was nothing to be seen, and all denis mid windows were fastened. XJe then b-g.ui to l"iise us mid say it Was imagi nation. In vain we told him we had each seen tin: ntau ill ilifl'erent rooms. No amount of persuasion would induce U3 to return to the bedrooms, so the doctor suggested that we .stayed together in the diningroom and he would stay with Major Demi. Anxiously we awaited morning, and even when it was broad daylight it was with t’iUiculty we per suaded the ayah to leave us. The major could not be moved, mid it seemed so uu- I kind to leave him, or we would not havo stayed another hour in the place, however after tiffin we had a sleep ami felt consider ably refreshed, and we really did try and persuade each oilier that it might have bo n ad i am, tin iiad we, not been talking of the Sepoy insurrection on our way from Bangapore. Dii.ctly if, was dusk our ayah e-mie mill crunchen outside tie; door of the sittiugroom and would not. move. We sat talking till the ‘ wee small horns,” Doctor Crime tensing ns unmercifully about our being too frightened to go to bed. At lust for very shame sake we felt compelled to retire. I Laid the ayah to bring a pillow mid sleep on the floor in my room. Willingly she obeyed. After some considered.tble time I fell asleep, only to be awakened by a scream from tin; ayah. Xstarted up, mul therein the self same place stood the repulsive look ing Sepoy, bayonet in hand. ‘\\\ her. do you want,’ I demanded. Just as X spoke, Mis D-iin came flying in. ‘The man is in my room again,’she gasped. ' ‘ Whet is the matter Indies,'' asked the Doctor, from the pa-sage. * Come iu,‘ we called out-, * the Sepov is here.’ * Win-re,’ lie exclaimed. Where, indeed I In vain we looked, for lie had vnni.-he.l. He could not have left by tini door, f.-r both the Doctor and Mrs Dean Were -iinudiiig there, and tin* windows were ail shut node fa-t-rlcd. Mrs Demi‘declared she had h it him in her roiuu ‘ when she ran out, and I knew lie was in my* room for some seconds bet-*r*' .-die came in. How was this? Even tiie Doctor, looked perplexed ami .anxious. Sleep was impossible, so we again adjourned to the dining room. The follow ing morning ive were quite ill from fright, and after a long talk with Major D/au the Doctor proposed that we should return with the servants to Banga pore; and that as soon in'the invalid hail sufficiently recovered he would come up with hint and join our party for a few days. To this we joyfully agreed, and started o(F from Vallore us soon as possible. 1 Miss Mu-grave paused. ' * Did you ever hear anything more of thq sepoy?’ asked ilr Blau!;. , • • ‘ A week later,’ replied Miss Musgrave, ‘ Doctor came, and Major • D-aii arrived lit Bangapore; anil one evening while discuss ing t!io s’range apparition, tiie Doctor told U-»* that years 10-foie Vallore had been owned and occupied by a Colonel f’reeinan. At the time of th-.- iiiMimctmn lie left bbmei on duty, leaving liis wife and' tlire'e daughters in charge of :i sepoy, 'who he thought was faithful; but lie laid iiq soipier left the place than the horrid iqoust.sr brutally murdered all four of them, i’or tw <l or three years the bouse was unoccupied, and after that, at various times, it hail dif ferent owners, but all bad to lenvo the place, because no female could sleep tlicro without fi-ing the S.-poy apparition. One family after another followed, and all left with the same story. It had been empty for over a year when Dr Crane bought it, and when lie moved tiirre he took with him servants who bad lived with him for year?; lmt they would not stay, declaring that their room wes entered by a Sepoy. This lie attributed to their having ie.-aid the gossip of the place, for everyone, far and near, talked of • The Ghost of Vallore.’ He re placed liis servants with men, and Imd no trouble; so, until wc arrived, lie had almost forgotten about it, fur lie had never believed the story. Of course, we asked him .vhut be thought now, and protested that we had never heard anything of the place, hut he only shook his head and said— ‘ Ihore aic more tilings in Ifeaven .and earth, Itor.v.io, Than are dreamt of ill our philosophy.’ Miihoiuaiediihs never touch turkey on account of a few 'fine 1 feathets in the bird’s heart resembling that of ii pig’s skin. 