Dreaming ef the Past. Before the Ere the old man sits To-night, and dreams of vanished daye. While o'er his locks of silver flits A golden halo from the blaze. Acd in the ruddy Same he eees Dear faces that he used to know, And hears again the birds and bees Of summers ended lcng ago. He sees a meadow green with spring-, And April violets in the grass, And hears a bluebird caroling High overhead as warm winds paes. The sky is bripbt with Epringtime ^da, The earth is full of promises ; The orchards folded blossoms hold lie apples of the Hesperides. A. maiden s hand he holds in his, And tails the story of his love, And saals it with a lover's kiss, The red rose of her mouth above, He reads her answer in hex eyes, Like violets', after April rain, And through bis being Bwiftly flies A bliss that is akin to pain. The scene is changed. Sweet bridal bells Come ringing down the years to him, And while their mnsis einks and swells __ The old man's eyes with tears grow dim. 'To love and cherish,' (dug the bells, ' Till death shall part, till death shall part. fhA echo dies in lonesome knells In empty chambers of his heart. O wondrons artist of the flame ! He sees a mother rocking there The babv with it's father's name, Anil -Kith its mother's eyes andhair. He hear? her suiting, sweet and low, A cradle-sons:, replete with rest, While watchinc- as so long ago, The baby sleeping on her breast. Then o'er the scene a shadow falls i The child they loved so much is missed. He does not answer to their calls. Or come at bedtime to be kissed. Bet when they kneel at night to pray, Poses comes in answer to their prayer, Aisd Heaven seems not eo far away Because the child they loved is there. And then the shadow of her grave Falls over him from long ago 44 O freest heart God ever^ave,' The old man cries. ' I loved yon so !' He sees her in so many things — The spring-time blossoms bring her badfc, Ami svsrj April robin sings Or what bis lonely life must lack. Acair, in long, still summer days. He dimbs the hill to talk with her ; A»i in their gentle, wordless ways, The Sowers are her interpreter. By that lew grave, when earth growB dim, 'Wiist things are asked, what answers given; And. as of old. it seems to him The hilltop almost touches heaven. The fire-light's flickering flame dies low-; The old man wakens with a start. And back into the shadows go The ghosts that haunt hie lonely heart. What ?witchcraft lurks in memory. And aware us by its subtle powar — Thig man of four-seere years and three, Has lived a lifetime in an hour ! 