Hidden in My Heart. BY. MISS DORA RUSSELL. Author of" "Footprints in the Snow, " The Broken Seal," &c.;, &o.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. (Commenced August 2.) CHAPTER II. THE FIRST VISIT. "When. Mrs. Orme arrived to dine with us that evening she asked me almost at once what I thought of Mr. Willoughby. "I think lie is very good-looking," I answered, " and seems very nice." " Oh, yes, he is very good looking," she said, " but he's rather peculiar, . you know ; for one thing, he doesn't care for girls." " That's very sad. And you don't, either,- you know you told me. I must only hope that you will both make an Exception in my favor." Helen gave a little laugh at this, . but it had not the usual sweet, natural ' ring in it. "When did he say he would call here 1" she asked. " He did not name any time— per haps he mayn't come at all, as I un fortunately happen to be a girl." ( "Oh, I daresay he will;, I shall , )>ring him some day." But he did not wait for her to bring ' pirn. I was sitting in the garden at the front of the house on the following afternoon when a servant came out to tell me that Mr. Willoughby was in the drawing-room, and when I went upstairs to receive him, he was stand ing at one of the windows looking at . the view. " How charming this is 1" he said, as he came forward, holding out his , hand ; " this is really a lovely picture." And he went back to the window as he spoke. -"Yes, I never tire of it," I "an- ' . swered, going to his side and looking ; also at the grey ruins below and at the sunlit river and the green hills. "It is a quiet . place, but I love Erdly." " And you have lived here all your life?" "All but three years, when I was abroad at school ; before that I had a governess at home." " You were sitting in the garden just now, were you not 1 Shall we go , there ? It's a pity to stay in the house such a glorious day." "Yes, come, and I will show you my flowers." We went out together and crossed the lawn, and walked backwards and forwards on the gravel walk, just . above the Iia-lia wall. It was a bright, clear August day, and an indescribable feeling of joyousness seemed to fill my heart. It was the beginning of a new life to me— the mysterious dawn of a fuller existence than I had known be- ' fore. And he, too, looked happy and content, and presently proposed that " we should go down the narrow stono steps jutting out of the ha-ha, and thus . reach the -steep hill, at the foot of which are the beautiful and romantic ruins of Erdly Abbey. We walked round tho churchyard walls in which the abbey stands, but we did not care to go nearer, as this -, would -liawe necessitated applying to the old sexton who kept the keys, and wo neither of us felt in tho humour to talk to him, or . indeed, to any- one but each other. At least, I know I did not. Then we went along by the brawling river, and suddenly Mr. Willoughby stopped and glanced up the hill at the vicarage shrubberies. " Let us turn the other way," he said, and so wo retraced our steps, going down the stream instead, of up, until wo found ourselves almost out of sight of Erdly. What did we talk of as we went ? As other young people have talked before us, I suppose — the light, gay words oui youth made full of hopo. At last, unwillingly, I said I must go home. "But I may" see you again some times, may I not?" asked Mr. Wil loughby. I answered with a blush and a laugh. I was but too glad, I know, to think I would see him again, and we parted with the understanding that it would nob be long before we met. But, strange ! neither he nor I, .though we both knew her so well, mentioned the name of Helen Orme. I wondered if ho would call there after he left me. I am ashamed to tell that I went to the back of the house and secretly watched him mount his horse, and saw him look at his watch as he did so, and then he turned his horse's: head and rode away back up the green lane that led to Erdly and not on to the vicarage gates, which were on the other side of tho Manor House. What made me so glad when I saw him do this? -Did I already under stand that Helen Orme cared too much for this handsome gontleman, and was I already jealous of his atten tions ? This could scarcely be, so soon, and yet tho thought pleased me that he could be near Helen and not try to see her. His admiration could not be so very great, I thought, and I was proud also that after all ho had cared to call upon a girl. I saw him again two days after this first visit, for my father invited him to dinner. "Este and Stanley are coming to dine to-morrow, my dear," he said, "and a good-looking young fellow called "Willoughby, who claims to be a cousin of your mother's, though I don't exactly see how. But at all events he's coming to-morrow. To be sure, you told me he had called ; but things go out of my head somehow now. And, Laura, you may as well ask Orme's wife to meet him ; they say he is a great friend of her's, and Orme will be away, for he's going to' York to look after a mare that's to be sold there," " L don't see why I should ask her father." My father looked rather surprised. "Just as you like, my dear," he said, "but I thought you and she were such great chums ? " " Oh, we are very good friends, but as it's just a party of men — " ? "Well, please yourself, my girl. Order a good dinner, and have the men all to yourself," And my father, turned away with a little laugh. . , . And I did not ask Helen Orme, I' wanted to show her that Mr. Wil loughby would come to dinner though there was only a girl at the Head of the table to entertain him. And I put on my best gown and tried to look my best, and my father's three guests seemed to enjoy themselves. . Lord Este was quite a young man, great on horses and horse-racing, and Colonel Stanley also was devoted to the turf. But he made money, on it, and my father lost money. He was a' tall, thin, gentlemanly- looking man of 35 or so, with deep-sunk, scrutinizing eyes. He always seemed to be weigh- ing your words ; " weighing you in the balance," I said laughingly once to Mr. , Willoughby about his friend ; but Mr. Willoughby liked him, and Lord Este liked him, but somehow I never did. The day was to come when I grew, afraid of him, when I trembled before the glance of his cold unfathomable eyes; but this was not yet. He amused me, I remember, that niglit he dined at Erdly; he said such keen cutting things with such an unmoved countenance. "Do you ever go to hear, poor old Orme preach ? " he asked of me at dinner. . " Yes, every Sunday," I answered smiling ; " even on wet Sundays there is no excuse, it is so near." "I wonder if he preaches to his handsome wife?" said Colonel Stan ley, and he looked at Mr. Willoughby as he spoke. " Do you mean privately ?" I said, with a little laugh. "I believe he is very fond of her." "No doubt; and I should say Mrs. Orme was a woman with strong capa bilities of loving, of which we may hope poor old Orme has some ad vantage." "Come, old fellow, don't be spite ful," cried Lord Este in his boyish good-natured way, "Mrs. Orme is very handsome, and old Orme can't expect her never to look at anyone except himself. I say, Erdly, about that roan colt ? " He changed the conversation, and a few minutes later I left the table, going from the dining-room out on the dewy la.wn. It was a moonlight night, but weird and shadowy from the drifting clouds which were passing swiftly over the sky, while the wind stole through the trees and shrubs with a fitful mourn ing sough. But the wild night seemed to suit my mood. I felt excited, joyous. I crossed the lawn and went down to my favorite walk above tho ha-ha wall at the end of tho grounds, and there I paced, thinking of Stephen Wil loughby! How handsome lie was, I thought, and his bright, smiling blue eyes seemed to follow me. Why did that sneering ColoneljStanley insinuate things ? It was stupid of Helen Orme, a married woman, to think of the ad miration of young men — but. My thoughts were interrupted. Crossing the lawn I now pprceived what might be a glowworm in the darkness, but the subtle scent told me what it really was. „ Some man, smoking, was coming towards me, and a minute later I re cognised who it was. "May I join you?" said- Mr. Wil-. loughby's voice. "And may I smoke !" I said "Yes" to both requests. I felt very glad he had come. "I left the others enjoying Mr. Erdly's most excellent port," he con tinued. "I went first up to tho draw ing- room to seek you, but found only an empty shrine ; then I looked out of the window, and I saw what might have been a ghost, but I guessed it was Miss Erdly's white gown." " I thought I should like a breath of fresh air. I did not oxpect anyone to leave the dining-room so soon." " I wanted to talk to you, you see. We had a nice half-hour or so the other day, hadn't we ? It was one of the sunny bits of life that got painted on ones memory — at least it seemed so to me. It's very cool of me though to take for granted that you, too, enjoyed our stroll by the river ?" " I did though." " I am very glad to hear it. That mean3, I hope, that we may go again ; that we may become the friends that I am sure we are meant to be ?" " I — I— shall bo very glad. " That little link of kinsmanship be tween. us is a sort of bond, isn't it? My mother, we may suppose, . loved your mother in their girlhood, and per haps they ' know now that their children are talking together. Perhaps they like to see this " I laughed — a girl's glad laugh. "I'm getting sentimental, am I?" said Mr. Willoughby. "D'ye know, it's not my way, but you make me so, aiid the night and the moonlight " "And the ruined abbey and the whispering wind," I said, gaily. "We have all the necessary surroundings, Mr. Willoughby ; we only want a tragedy, a secret, and the scene will be complete." "We- want neither tragedy nor secret. We are young, and one of us handsome " " Which one ?" " You know very well, and I don't need to tell you. So you are making merry at my expense, are you ? Now that's not fair, Miss Erdly. But, hush ! What is that !" " It is someone coming up the steps of the ha-ha," I said, now also pausing to listen ; and tho next instant I saw by the moonlight a woman's head appear. " Halt !" said a voice in a pretended tone of command. It was Helen Orme, and I ran forward to help her up the steps. " Have I frightened you ?" she said, taking my hand. "I' heard voices as I came through the field, and I in tended to have a peep at you and Mr. Erdly — in fact, I am the bearer of a message. . What? You!" Mr. Willoughby had now stepped forward, and as- she recognised him Helen Orme started back, and it might be fancy, but I thought she grew pale. "I have been "dining - with-: Mr. E'rdiy,'l,said Mr. Willoughby, as if he thought that being with me at this, hour required an explanation. "I and Este and Stanley. ..Ah I here they are coming— you will meet , quite a- lot' of old friends, Mrs.. Orme." . So it seems," she answered, and when the other gentlemen joined us she was very, bright and lively. ., felie gave her husband's message to m y father, and then I saw her . deliberately cross the path to where Mr. Willoughby ' stood. ' " Let us take a turn," she said, " the air gets chilly; " and a -moment later these two walked on along the dim path, and as they did so Colonel Stanley joined me. "Shall we go the opposite way." ho said, and . leave Mrs. . Orme and Willoughby -to admire the moonlight at their leisure?" And lie gave a low laugh. , I felt angry, at his manner, but I tried not to show this; " And so," ' he said, deliberately turning round, -and 'looking at' me, " you have grown up in this quiet. spot — liko what shall I say ?— pne of your own roses !" "Why ,do you liken me to a rose?" , " Because you are fresh and . fair— isn't that a pretty answer?" " Very, if I could believe it j You don't . even suggest ..anything about thorns." "I don't object to a few thorns ; a woman is insipid without a little occa sional sharpness." " That is good news for me, as I am supposed, to be, a spoilt child, you know." And I laughed. " I know what I would not allow you to do if you were my child." " And what is that, Colonel Stan-, ley?" "You admire Mrs. Orme, I dare say — do you like her?" I hesitated a moment. I was won dering if I really liked Helen Orme. -" I admire hex," I said. " So does Willoughby, seemingly. I dqn't. I neither admire nor approve of a married flirt. I think she is not exactly tho person to be a young girl's friend — and you must not be angry with 'me for candidly telling you my opinion." I did not speak. I knew he had no right, to say this, and yet I did not resent .his speed). We met Mrs. Orme and Mr. Willoughby a moment later face to face in the walk, and she stopped. "Good-night, Laura," she said, ."I am going home." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 