Wit and Wisdom, Half a loaf is better than the dyspepsia. Man is only miserable BO far as he thinks him self so. ' . \- If others did not sometimes annoy us, we should not realise how much vre annoy others. No man who is wretched in his own heart, and feeble in his own work¿ can help others. In true marriage the wife must give as well as take-give love and forbearance, and help and comfort. He (making a party call) ; " I think party calls are great bores, don't you ?" She (receiving) : " Yes, indeed." " That is a wide-awake baby of yours, Bronson " " Yes," replied Bronson, with a yawn; "parti cularly at night." - He : "I have three thousand a year. You could certainly live on that." She : " Yes ; but I should hate to see you starve/' " John," said the dying man. " will you be one of my pall-bearers ?" "I shall be only too glad to, old fellow," replied John, sympathetically. Frugality, diligence, punctuality, veracity these are the grand fountains from which money, and all real values and valors, spring for men. Ted : " This is the second time you have been engaged to that girl. Look out you don't lose her again." Ned : " Not much fear of that ; she is 10 years older now." " Heavens ! You have been eating pears, and now you have sauerkraut. How will they go together?" "That's for thom to settle. I don't bother myself about it." Bagley : " Say, Brown, there's been a railroad accident down below here, and your mother-in law, who was on the train, was buried in the debris." Brown : " How deep ?" "John," said the minister, "will you take this woman to be your wedded wife?" "Now, here, parson, what's the use of asking questions like that? What do you suppose I am after; a divorce?" His mother (suddenly opening pantry-door) : " Here now, sir, what are you doing up there? Tommy: "Oh, nothin' ma; nothin." I'm jist looking for my Sunday-Bchool lesson Bheet; it's got lost, somehow." j " This," said the museum lecturer, " is the far-, famed phantom Fiametta." "I don't Bee no phantom," said one of the audience. " Well, that ain't my fault. She's there. If you can't see a' ghost, you can't blame me." Florist (to committee) : " You want an approx priate floral design, do you ? What was the dece dent's business?" Spokesman: "He was an. attorney." ¿Florist: "How would something in' the Bhape of a lyre Btrike you ?" The Victorian Public Works Department ¿re calling for tenders for the erection of the super structure of the north-west front of Parliament Houses. The work; is expected', to cost £9QjOW¿ and will take three* years to complete. It is ex¿ pected that in about a month's time the depart ment will call for tenders for the erection of new law offices adjoining the Law Courts in Lonsdale street, Melbourne. 