(CoxriNur.í) from Saturday's Issue.) '{all eights reserved.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR-i THE TRAGIC STORY OP AKNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTOK, Author of " CiitJEL London," " Tire Three Recruits," " John Iíeedhall," ete. PART II. CHAPTER V* "Mak PnoVvSEs." Walter Milbanke was under the impression that he wis master m his own house, and .iK;wne Wasi clever enough to keep this be i.ef alive. She had her own way without, £T?r^lto in tlle 8n>aHest nB- His father had made it. a rule to govern his household autocratically. "Have a wife and rulo a wife," was his motta and he instilled it into Walter, but Want's was a ,ar more gentle nature tW ttó oí his de ceased father, andJeftny Korthcott had had sense enough to discover tiiis the verv first flay she had made up her mind to have him propose to her, and to promptly accept him ,, ltmn.twelvo months of that very first day they were married. This was ten years ago, and they had lived a nappy hf0 eVGr since—Jenny, a clever housekeeper, fond of society and dress Walter decrying "that sort of thin?," but enjoying it all the same, and Westbnry Lod^e t>emg known among a certain set of ple.isiwit 3>eoplc as a Paradise o£ good management slid merry receptions. b „ ^ho c''^dren —there were three of thorn— were not allowed to interfere wi'h the social pleasures oi the house; they had good .nuraes and well-arranged apartments, and only now and then were permitted to be in 1100,1I?,d"wlnS or dining room> 'fheir mother visited them once a day, and romped wit them or read them stories, or he**! ! l,nn, !v0ns' *fc nlSht> ^en she Was at ¡ knee TlX t - lltdo pm>"ers at hér Ti nú - I 7 II""3 t0 ainner "t birthdays or I • y Welit out in tho carriage I ror a daily amng, and sometimes into the park, wonderfully dressed and Witli French servants, picturesquelyattii-ed. Walter, while he said Jenny was fond of showing off the children when they went out, liked to see the wfth Was '\haPPy well-to-do-fellow, with a good word ior most peoplo, rarely a wiling f0T'myh0^ except onco In ft \4y, ^ othíi6 i.Ts t0 his7ife éomo sn¿b or other, who did not understand her free 'Xnitv™^ mantler' aroused kis marifcaI ii > 01i 0ne OCM5,on he actually slap This" 5S fi fi' and thon called hinl 7Jn hnJ • i° \ ye" of his marriage. no wLS)nCe- rued lrhat A man m«st put up with, having a pretty and charminulv dressed wire, whe, assured of her position is scrnewh.t too fearloss in what ehaLyS does bejore strangers. Under these 'conditions of domestic '■¿n!T v n lt ls )lard!>- necesssry to say i Sriimcr,,tl1 shich Ta,tcr had invitsd Fow-th iri M,;s- MiibMk« Philip ' an ador!uat°. pleasant and ti l rC'-iSt ^ fuSS" n° ^malitv-as, alter said, en famille"— eWit o'clock thXaSs' WaS thelastweek in March, and tno Jinghsii bprmg was setting in with its ac thet0ldc\ lSOrCri^ U\° g0üd dishcii amonS the kickshaws, a bottle of dry champare no nonsense about whitewash after dinner Shi tr1'»' miS' i might be afterwards a good cigar and ■<. inUSSho¿!aCk C°ffee' and J0»1 tlioladies touchkof h n,3 íib '\nTd 5,lappy vooabulary, a j which hie u-f •' S Mathe"-S' manner,- and j sissSd-2 "ss,;ó,í„t?££»'1,e »fi I'1"1- &ood; ci"ar affcor dinner, « alter had tried to talk of the Venetian trip burv T ) l°n beie" discussed by tho West SC ho"f.hold> to be at last finally UP°n" ,P,huiP had of his own accord ^pressed » wish o Accompany tho party, MUbank^ S0Cr0tIy conSáedto-Mrs. to I » Í Is Pr°P°sal preliminary a second one of a moro important nature. I he Milbankes were well satisfied with íith' ^Dolli'While slle flirted Zht ? Md indeed *ith any wil , > gentleman who came in her way, was far more serious with Phil Forsyth than with anyone else, had indeed gone" so far as to dance with him at Lady March mount s_ ball fine times, to Phil's entire satisfaction and to the envy of several of his acquaintances. ?il!,!!p Forsyth, being of a more or less reflective turn or mind, a student in name and ^ y' enj;'i;cdthe %ht-hearted ehat W i i ' ways of Doll.v- &nd; itmust be con Siflif,! TCry Sht ™d pretty girl. ilaU v, , br°wn eyes, a fair complexion, light brown hair with a suggestion of sun! 2™?*! topB,of ifc' a sfcr«Sht little nose, Ínt.l i i " -? J y0Util made "P its mind to be "retrousse," and kad become more demure later_ on, to develop into a snnh ¿ s.ometiunS between humorous snub and serious straight, the effect of which was, to quote Sam Swynford, "awfully taking, my boy," She had a daiity, willowy roundes t wlIW, but vith sufficient "™rdnef t0. su?S6st generosity of living and oenerosity of nature. Coupled with aü this she had a musical little laugh, which in an ugiy girl would have been called a gim,]e mípÍv Ca5^ °[ I>oI,y 3 Prettr trill of did Lef°° vUni°Ur' In her own heart sha did not quite know which of her two sheefanS ^ i, In herroe"i^ moods she fancied Sam, who was always " on for fun, a3 ho eaid ; wko brought none óf his PhiHr?85 ,TT0"!es ,dlnner—a contrast to mintió n? , ® had difficulties with his the party. ^ cast tho reflection on or°w t a Wi?' ^hen DoI1y had a headache or had been disappointed in the fitting of a Süié onZ^eni ffvT had nofcg°fc ^e bos k PntH«iM7 Í it0rhad Promised for PhH Í Í S Preferred thesoctety of Phil who was always more or less ready to bo doleful ; but she liked him best when she met him out ,t a "swagger literary P" y'. co ,quote, Sam "gain, and the con versation turned upon a big subject political or artistic, and Philip Forsyth Lnl out with some of his strong and well snotty °fpi™' ™dthe table became , t0 ten, and she heard men say that he was a very clever fellow, and how eloquent he as, and how sincere, and how refresh !!of f rS h5ar a, yoMS talk S and ! mental. 3 t0 bo honesfc a»d even senti- j •nilk.',thiS TaS n°,doubfc i1 matter of pride on . -v s PI1-1» and on these occasions her sister would take the opportunity, just in a ¡ delicate way, to let it. be known to the great est gossip in the room that Mr. Forsyth was n. love with Dolly, and Dolly would sing like j an angel the moment she was asked, and the gossip in question would make an opportunity to remark to Ins friends what a lucky fellow TMlv 7f-' aiJd 50 on- Both Phil and DoUy would oe pleased with all this, and so t at possible ennogement was fostered up to the days of the proposed Venetian trip, the making of which was to settle the one great question of two households, the Milbabkes' and the Forsyths ; for Lady Forsyth had come to the conclusion that a cheerful wife wm,M £ °heerful fortuno' would be of aU things the best for Phil, fHvn? T! a? ard?ntIy as her somewhat frivolous and too impulsive nature would per mit. She loved him intensely while the fit was on, just as she loved her friends while they were there, with this additional weight in Philips favor, that ho was her Bon, that she was proud of him, and that all of her impassioned affection that was not absorbed m pohtics, society, and in those memories of the past about which she wrote so much in the magazines, was absorbed in her darlin" r1/ <?£ of her eye' the 3°y of her widow" hood, the genius of a line of brilliant men and women, to borrow her own words as we have borrowed some of Sam Swvnford's vocabulary. " The fact is, " said "Walter, as he handed his choicest brand of cigars to Swynford and rl°Syv ' - ke was addressing the former. PMip is going with us to Venicelbelieve." Lucky dog, ' fiaid Sam, "I wish I could." w alter didn t dream of saying, " Nobody as^®d y°"> my boy," but in ft sidewink afc Phil he allowed the artist to understand that such was the case, and that for hla own Dart, even setting aside the question of Dolly, he would prefer the cultured society of Phil to ship of°SamUlSar ^ more genial companion " Too busy making money just now," said Sst away even for a day." He said this as cheerily as if he had not absolutely lost half the tea thousand we have havo already heaTd abo^t. I A true speculator, Bam, no whining no desponden-cy over losses, jusfc the sanio keen firm grip of things Trhether ho lost or won, just the sanie looking forward to the big fortune he meant to win, with the exception that losses were a sort of tonic to him. "The city is very lively just now?" said Walter interrogatively, addressing Sam. " Yes and will be livelier yet-, said, Sam. ' l< A tremendous company Ijobin on—the Americans cál'l éVgWtfiiiig a boom. Every body HVith & fine flourishing business ma&iftg; thousands a month want3 to shore their profits with the public" said Walter. "Quite bo," said Sam. "Traders, manu facturers, brewers, miners, havo suddenly become philanthropist»." "No other desire than to endow the general publio with twenty-firo per cont for capital for which a niggardly Government will only give two and a Ijálf'." " Punca' cpnlAii't p\i'tAhe situation betttr," said Swytóord, laughing, " unless, perhaps, ir, added that the Peerage, the Army and Navy, and the House of Commons had joined in tho benevolent scheme aa directors, with a unanimity of belief in joint stock en- , terprises^that made guinea- pigging a positive virtue." I Philip drank his wine, stretched hiB legs, and looked into tho fire, feeling himself en tirely out of the conversation. "You don't speculate, Forsyth ?" said Walter, turning to Philip. " I do indeed, very Mitch, replied Philip. "Do vovi', though '?" said Sam. " Nov. iii the city," tho artist' replied ; " but in many ways and about many things." " Ah, yes," said Walter ; " but you havo not to pay for your fancies." " It don't matter, for example,--remarked Sam, " whether your futures come off or not; but in the city, whether you bull ot' bear i futures, the results «re matters 6f the highest banking impoiitóóe, eli, Walter ?" said Walter, e'xaming his. cigar ai< if he loved it. , WálteV .waé & luxurious ¡ smoker ho literally fondled his cigars. "Itis á ¡rótó Uiing we aro not all in tho same íin'é of business," remarked Philip. *' But I am not so sure that speculations which do not involve the passing of money are not perhaps in some respects nearly as important as dealings in stocks." "More so," said Sam.. " It'f n vVlgar business, dealing in stocks, tStiifcit lias its fun, and if you .aro ífcky ll enables a fellow to helf the other chaps who speculate about Art, and the future, and all that sort of thin We are rare hands in the city at buying pic tures and books, and doing tho right thing by art and intellect, don't you know ? There ain't an atom of pride in tho city, and we are always deuced glad for one of you intellec tual swells t,o come up and sete ils." " Tes, that's true,'1 said Walter. "They even t'reit liio well; but I confess I genorally drop in upon city friends at lunch time—and don't they lunch ! And what snug taverns 1 Busy clubs ! And there are gangs now— I North' gangs, Rothschild gangs, Nitrate ! gangs, South-African ming gangs ; seoms to me men operate in syndicates now, ii it not j so, Swynford f Walter was warming again tó iiis city subject, and Swynford beamed on hini grate fully.. " fes, don't know that they might almost bo called conspiracies. I can tell you, a fel low who has to fight for his own hand as I do is lucky if he comes out with his hair on. But the public is so confiding. The rigging of companies' shares, before and after allot ment, would give thimble-rigging odds, and win easy." "You don't seem fo approve of the city, Mr. Swynford," said Philip. " Oh, yes I do, bless you ! it's a gamo. I don't know that it is much worse than the law, with all respect to our host; it is hones ter than politics, and you can get a. douco of a lot of fun for your money." "It beats the law there," Walter rejoined, fondling his cigar. . " But Aft I fancy, has its mirthful sido, oh, Forsyth 1 Well let us say its rosy side, if mirthful Is too flip pant. ' "Art is a cap and bells under a cas sock," said Phil, addressing himself to the fire. "And the city's a pleasant fellow, with a swindling prospectus ill his pocket," said Swynford with a hearty laugh. "Synford wouldn't like to hear anyone else attack the old lady of Throadneedle Street in that fashion," said Walter, address ing Philip ; " but let us drop that renorable nonentity - she must bo deaf with the recent financial booms Venico Is more In our way, is it not, Forsyth 1" " I daresay Mr. Swynford get» quite as much pleasure out of the city as we do this side Temple Bar, and I am quita suro he would find a3 much real enjoyment in Venice as we shall. Don't think, my dear 51 r. Swynford, that I imagine my profession is a mora noble one than yours. On reflection, and notwithstanding what I said a little since, I am inclinen to think trade, business, fin ance, have the best of it. I sometimes won der if painting and acting and writing novels and plays, and indeed if all the other fields of art aro not the mere play grounds of men who think they aro tilling a splendid soil, and after all do not succeed in providing man kind with either food or raiment ; they ara not producers who keep the world eoing, they grow no corn, dig up no coal, make no iron, weave no clotli ; they are after all nothing but " " Producers of the salt of life," said Wal ter. "It is the artists and craftsmen who made life worth living. What is the moneyed man's highest ambition 1 To surround him self first with their work and then with the artists themselves ; which brings u« back to the "Venetian question. Those old fellows of the great Republic : they knew how to com bine trade with art, how to glorify money, how to make it and how to spend it. Is it settled, Forsyth, that you aro to bo one ol our little party 1 We go next month. Our plan at present íb not to stop until we get to Milan ; then on to Verona ; next to Venico ; stay there six or eight weeks, and after a run through the Lakes, return via Switzerland and Paris. Is it true that you have taken a studio in Venice 1" " I have had one offered to me. I should like to go; indeed, it is one of the dreams of my life that I would like to realise." " You have a good many dreams, you fol lows who paint," replied Swynford. "Yes," said Phil, his mind running on tho faco in his sketch, " auy fellow might bo ex cused for dreaming over such cigars as Mill banke's, not to mention his claret. What a capital dinner you have given us. But your cook is a treasure." Philip felt he must make au effort to get away from his picture. His work always took strong hold of his imagination, but "Tragedy" seemed to be taking full and entire possession of him ; he began to wish he had never seen the woman at tho opera, Shall wo join the ladies, Milbanke T' " By all moans. Shall I tell them you will join us in our Italian holiday V " Yes, I think so." "Bull or bear in that stock ?" said Sam Swynford to himself as the three left the room. "I suppose he will take the pool jusfc my luck I" Mr. Swynford was a Btock-brokcr and he looked it. There was a.certain- city go and swagger in his manner, which gave confidence to his customers and made Sam welcome both in artistic society and among his city friends. He was breezy and alive with ani mal spirits, dressed well, wore a flower.in his button-hole summer and winter, was al ways groomed "up to the nines," as some of the most slangy of his acquaintances de scribed the polish of his boots, his waxed moustache, his close-croppcd hair, and his well-brushed coat. Ha was what would bo termed a young man with a fair complexion, and accordingly on that account Mrs. Mil banke was inclined to think that Philip Forsyth had tho best chance in the compe tition for Dolly, because in love, liku does not like like, but its opposite. Sam was of medium height, inclined to bo what is called, stout, was broad of shoulder, his hands of a generous type, and ho had a fat cheery laugh. He wore tight coats, a showy watch chain, and : carried a big silver-mounted stick. On tho present occasion liis dress clothes were in the height of fashion—silk facings, silk collar and white rest, with a single small gem in the way of a stud for his imma culate shirt front. His somewhat florid cheeks shone with health, his grey eyes sparkled with liis host's wine. Ho had no peculiarities of manner, but was a type of a fairly bred young Englishman, in a big - way of business, perfectly at home with himself except when ho was ne?.r Dolly Norcott,with wlicm ha was over hend and ears in love ; and without,as he feared, tho remotest chance oi ever irimupg even liet esteem ho ye thought of the possibility of making a heap of money for her, whenever lio enterad upon a more than ordinarily large hazard either as a bull or a bear. He had iiover dared to propose to Dolly, because she had more than once given him to understand that any fami liarity of that kind Would be fatal to their friendship; that she was not for him in. tiny other cftpae.it}' than, one tif friendship; that n'« á friehti she liked him Better than any other of her brother in-law's guestB, and Bho hoped he would not compel her to ask Walter not to invite him any moro to Westbury Lodge. Although this had been said moro or less jestingly,Sam know that for the time being Dolly meanc it; but ho had a lurking hope that in the course of the cliaptor of accidents ho might have a chance. Possibly his city experiences en eouraged him to think of his prospects in this way, because he had bo often Beon the Uiie5c= fitted happen on the Stock Exchange and he id not gee why the doctrine of chances which affected his operations there should not also influence his speculations in regard to Dolly, the ono line of matrimonial stock which lie desired to inscribe in his book of options. Somehow, however, on this night of his latest little dinner at NVestbury Lodge he had misgivings as to his prospects in that quarter ; but ho made it a ^ule to appear cheerful and happy under all circumstances, bo ¡10 sailed into the drawing-room after Philip and Walter, with the smile of apparent confidence :tnd Uiicohoerii. There was just enough of the decorative craze of the day in the arrangement of the Milbanke drawing-room to give it an air of modern prettiness, but not so much as to des troy the sense of comfort, which is often sacrificed to artistic show. It was neither a harmony in yellow or a symphony in pink ; it was not an inspiration from Japan, nor a copy of a Chippendale idea adapted to par quette flooring and Queen Anne windows ; there had been no paragraphs in tin? Society pápors about it.': probably neither Mr. Whistler iior Mr Mcnpes had ever Ecc'n it, and if they had they would most likely have condemned it. Nevertheless you felt that the decorator had worked at it with artistic feeling, and that the hostess had supplemented his labours with ideas beyond the reach of art. There, was a. copper kettle singing on an old hob-grate, a cluster of candelobriv on the mantel; a sconce or two of gas on the walk, a dozen or so fine examples of Cox, Haleswelle, Herkomer and Carot on the walls, a cabinet of Venetian glass, a many legged cabio with a Crown Derby coffee ser vice upon it, and a dainty licuor case ; the floor was covered with Persian rugs, there was drawn up before the fire a big much cuühionod seat ; and the genoral tone of the room was yellow, but whether it was the ydlloW of warm light or the yellow of curtains and walls ono did not think of inquiring, though ono might wonder about all this after wards, reflecting on the pretty, comfortable, unusual kind of room it was. Mrs. Milbnnko was seated at a protty tea tablo, lighted with » pretty copper lamp. Dolly was half buried in an easy chair with the last new book in her lap. Swynford hoped slie was eiijdying Hér litera ture. She looked up with a mischievous smilo and said sho was, though she must confess it was full of sadness, not to say horrors. Stepniak's "Russia under the Czars," sho continued, this time turning her bluo eves towards Philip, who, of course, became immediately interested. Her sister had suggested the book as desirable one to have lying about since they had seen the sketch on Philip's easel, and they had driven down to Mudie's for it before going home ■.liter they had left the studio that very after noon. It had not taken Dolly half an hour, the half hour after dinner, to got at the t»ne of the work, and to know just enough to let Philip sea that sho was interested in the sub ject which interested him. "Yes," ho replied, sitting down by her side, "it isa painful subject, thoiigh ctno lttigljt bo forgiven for expecting to find something noble in pages inscribed with such a title—but there Is in the record of its luartydonis." There was something fateful in Philip's appearance and manner; he was pale, his black hair was dishevelled, it fell in a great shock over his forehead, his long hands particularly whito, and there was a poetic melancholy in the expression of his sallow face that suggested much thought and work. All this made him interesting iil Dolly's esti mation, and sho wes also taken by the air nf distinction which seemed to belong to those student-like characteristics which were so opposite to the happy professional air of her brother-in-law, and to the smug city cheer fulness of Samuul Swynford, of Lorabard etreet. " I have always been deeply concerned In regard to the fate of political prisoners in Russia," continued Philip, "and jmt now I am thinking of little else. I suppose thero is a touch of selfishness in this increased devo tion, because I am putting my feelings and my imagination into commission as it were ; I hope thev will assist me to carry off the Gold Medal." " Oh, that is the secret of the sketch wo saw this afternoon ?". said Mrs. Mil banke. "You forgot to tell us ; or perhaps it ia a sccret, " Forsyth thought ho would not spoil a good subject for conversation this evening," chimed in the host. "Yes, my dear, 1 will have a cup of tea ; don't approve of tea as a rule, ' but tonight we'll merry be,' as the song says, eh, Swynford T' Walter did not quite know what he was saying ; not that he had hni too much wine, but his wife had been making signs at him, and he tried to hide his non- understanding of them under a ripple of tnlk. "A good old song," ho went on ; "I remember my father singing it when I was a boy at a birthday— yes, my doar, Mr. S.rynford will take a cup of tea, and by tho way, S-7ynford, you are a judgo of water colours. I would like to show you a little portfolio I bought last week—* collection of landscapes and figures—two little Turners, half a dozen David Cox's, a Calcott. and a couple of sketches by Land seer ; lieie it is, my boy." And Walter, having suddenly caught the meaning of his wife's nod, had led Sam to furthest ond of the room, away from Philip and Dolly, and was soon in the mysteries of the portfolio in question, getting Sam's ideas of its value, not only artistically but finan cially, together with his views of the pre sent inflated state of the money market and other matters of current interest. Meanwhile Philip responded to Dolly's sympathetic inquiries about prison life in Russia, the high-handed character of what was termed administrativo arrest, and what he intended to convey in that sketch, in which the -woman's face was so remarkable as to have sot Jenny talking of nothing else ever since they had seen it. Philip rode his hobby gracefully, with eloquence and with knowledge, and paused more than once to note how beautiful Dolly -was, and what a happy contrast were her red lips, her bright genial eyes and warm healthful flush, com pared with tho woman of the opera, "the ghost of Madame Lapukin," as Dick Chet wyndliad styled her. Presently Jenny had. drawn hor chair near the two young people, to hear Philip's story of this/woman at che opera and his desire to have her as a model for tho face in his medal picture ; and by and by she led tho conversa tion up to their trip to Italy and the poetic loveliness of Venice, where she assured him ho would find a model in every woman of the people whom he met. She had only been to Venice once, and then only for a week, and she thought she had Been more beautiful women during those sevqn days than ever she had seen in her life before. Philip in reply could not resist tho sug gestion that it was not necessary to go to Venice to look for beauty;, and if he accompanied them he should ask the favor of-putting Dolly into a Venetian picture, for so far as he was any judge of the peculiar ities of the Venetian face he thought Dolly herself possessed that curl of tho lip and that sunshine in tho hair which was supposed to be thoroughly Venetian Without seeming to say it, the clever little mitchmaker let' Philip also understand that Dolly was also blessed: with a certain golden sunshine in the three per cents.* which his mother, Lady Forsyth, thought an important item in the charms of marriageable youn" ladies. It is difficult to fathom tho thoughts of man, and to say whether the best of God's creatures is mercenery or not, wliother the mos't virtuous may not bo influenced now and then by tho worst passions. So far as the narrator of this history is concerned, he is inclined to think Philip did not note the worldly hint of Mra. Milbanke, or if ho did that it had no influence with him, though tho hoBfcosa more than onco made some pns : sing reference to the responsibilities of mar riage being bo greatly lessened if tliere was money on both sides; or if there was money on ono side and genius on tho other, quite in a more or less inconsequential way, setting in a reference to an artist whom they both knew who was very clover but still could not sell his pictures, and what an im portant thing it was in art for a man to be moi;e or less indepSndeüb of dealers, so that ile üoiiid aflbrd tt> follow the bent of his genius or his inclination, and do the ivork he liked best; and so on—an eloquent- rush of wordly wisdom, most useful in regard to young people about to contract a marriage, and especially to a couple of young people, the bride pretty, with money and social position, and the bridegroom an artist, also with social position, a little money,' perhaps and no end of genius and ability, if he could only paint what he wished and be indepen dent of the .Academy aud of dealers; and somehow Philip found himself, before he quite knew where he wai, discussing theso delicate matters, as if he or Dolly, or both, were personally concerned in them. And once,Dolly'B hand being near Philip's he laid his upon hers,and she, not withdraw ing it, he pressed tho fair hand, and was yery sensible of its Boft pliability. The gentle pressure that responded to his, when ho ventured a little further and took Dolly's hand fairly within his own, set his heart beating, and he forgot everything except Dolly and his mother's praises of her. It camo into his mind that it would please his nidther vety much, if lie married Doll}', and that she was very beautiful, had golden hair, a sweet voice, and cheerful mannors, and that sometimes, Fate met one half way, as it wore, and sometimes clapped one on the shoulder unawares, and that after all it would lie a pleasant Fate to be entitled to take Dolly to one'B arms, and have her for a lifelong companion. While Walter Milbanke was fooling Samuel Swynford, it was as good as settled thdt his hopes weT.e to be utterly crushed. Why, therefore, prolong the description of this evening one moment more than is neces sary to acquaint the reader with thn main in cident of the night 1 Swynford felt uncom fortable, and said he must go earlier than he had intended: he spoke of some important business he had in the city the next morn ing at ten, and took a cheerful leave of West bury Lodge two hours before Philip; and long before that favoured young gentleman aaid '' Go'od-nightj" he had been alone with Dolly for three parts of" thfit time, both Walter and his wife having business in another corner of their pretty house; Mrs. Milbanko to see tho children put to bed (though they had been in bed for hours), and Walter to answer a couple of letters which had come in by the last post. It was a blissful time for Philip while it lasted; a dro.im of a new and unexpected kind of happiness; a dream in which hands clasped hands, and lips touched lips; a dream in which a soft, sweet, blushing girl con fessed that she loved him; a dream in which ho believed he loved her better than anything or anybody in all the world. And so it was settled that a fortnight later Philip Forsyth should accompany the Mil bankes on a tour through France, Italy and Switzerland, with a long vacation in "Venice, aud that during tlieif panderings they should settle the month in which Philip shouia make Dolly his wife. "Man pro poses." (To be Continued.) 