YORK NOTES. (FROM OUB CORRESPONDENT.) Several marriages have been celebrated here reoently, and among the latest I may mention that of Miss Bradshaw of York to Mr. Rod well, of Bunbury. The ceremony was performed at Trinity Church, and a large number of people, inelnding many ladies, were'present. On Sunday Mr. Edward Inkpen, proprietor of the Eastern. District* Chronicle, was united in matrimony to Miss A. Chtpper, daughter of the late R. W. Chipper, of the late King's Head HoteL The marriage took (flue at Trinity Church, and after the oeremony the happy couple drove to North am to spend their honeymoon. The model of the famous Strasbui-g clock b on exhibition here, and is drawing good The members of the local Glee Club are engaged in active practice, and we hope shortly to have -tbetreat of hearing them in public. The football season was announced to open on the recreation ground on Saturday afternoon last.. The municipal council is having the principal streets of the town planted with trees. dome short time ago, I believe, 20 ounces of gold were brought in from Southern Cross *0 bit. Stokes, the manager of the local bram>h of the Union Bank, who forwarded them to Melbourne to ascertain the real value. A reply has been received to the effeet that tb» gold averages £3 17B. 7id. per ounce which moat be considered very satisfactory. On Monday of last week a man named Miobael Garry was cbatged at the Tork Polioe-oourt, on the informbuon laid by Mr. Knight, manager of the York and Yilgarn Carrying Company, with the theft of a case of champagne belonging to Mr Ctaneron, of Southern Cross. The champagne was taken from the premises of Mr. J. H. Monger on the 7th inst, Prisoner pleaded guilty to" the ohaijp and received a sentence of three months' imprisonment. On Thursday last, before the P.M., a young man' named Moate was summoned by a young woman named Siins, claiming support from 1dm as a " putative parent." The case Wes dismissed through' tba complainant being unable to adduce sufficiently corrobor ative evidenoe. Our Huit Club la now in full swing ani meets are often held twice in each week. It is reported'that at the one held on Saturday, In last -week, many riders and their steeds parted oempany. Miss Taylor, it is Baid, left the saddle, bat fortunately received no injury. - Iu a repjrt from Yilgarn, published by your York contemporary, it is stated that out hay is Sd. par lb., and oats are sold there at 6d. jter lb. " 8urely," the report goes on to flay, "it would pay the farmers, after their crops are in, to bring out a few loads of chaff to the goMfields." The di adage, "there's many a Blip between the cop and the lip," was plainly verified in an ooMrrenoe which happened no later than Monday las*, 16th ins*. A young in in and a young iroman, " from the country," fell desperately in love, it Would seem, and gave due no tic a of their intention to take one another for better or Worse. The day for the intended nuptial dawned, and the ana shone for a short period, at least, with much brilliancy, which, according to an old tradition, gives promise of happiness to the bride. When lol and behold.! it was found, even at the eleventh hour, that the intended bride discarded the intended bridegroom and positively declined beooming his wife. To many, this statement may seem apocryphal. It is true, nevertheless, for "truth is always stranger than fiction," because it is scarcer, I presume. The rejected bridegroom soon left York after the collapse of the wedding, and the refusing bride returned to her father's home on Wednesday evening. Such is life. I omitted to notice in my report of the athletic sports that the various prizes won daring the day were on the same evening handed to the winners by Mrs. Charles Edwards in the Oddfellow-' Hall. The presentation was enlivened by instrumental music. Sergeant O'Connell has recently returned from a visit to Yilgarn, or the eastern goldfields/ Aooarding to report hopes of great results were manifested at the fields, and crushing win being proceeded with—during his stay—with slight intermission. The three fields—viz.. Golden Valley, Parker's Range and the Cross have now an ample supply of water. Occasionally our town band gives forth its Stirring .notes to tell us, I suppose, that it still exists, and to remind us of departed days. We have also a reminder of the York Volunteers—a ghost, perhaps, of the departed regiment. On the days appointed for parade or review of the Metropolitan forces, our local celebrity tarns out with as many airs as if he constituted a battalion The public say he deserves a pension for singularly striving to sustain volunteering. Farming operations are now being carried on with vigor. Sandalwood catting and other bush employments are also followed by many during the winter months. Hence the town becomes quite dull, and appears to be deserted. When all return home, which is generally about October, all is life again. We have had some sharp showers daring the week. Stormy winds swept over York on Monday night and again on Tuesday. I have not heard of any great damage being done. In arranging to have a lamp erected at the Suspension Bridge the Town Council has taken timely precaution, for I am informed that on one night during the week a person Very nearly got into Bland's Pool through mistaking the entrance. It is awkwardly situated, having a steep inoline to the entrance on the east side, and not sufficiently protected to insure safety against mistake at either end. A light there is of the greatest importance, and the council is to be congratulated on the step it has taken. The Queen of Italy is said to be one of the finest violoncello players of the day. Melbourne roughs- are commencing their regular winter season of street outrages. The other day a gentleman was garotted on St. Kilda-road, and now a man has been beaten and his wife robbed by a gang of footpads under the very arches of the South Melbourne railway bridge so early as half-past seven in th? evening. As Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Mr. Munro have coalesced for an attack on the Victorian Ministry,, the Commissioner of Customs describes the alliance as " grafting the shamrock on the thistle," and adds "irrigate it if you like with rivers of whiskey, but off that stalk you will never et good potatoes." Talk about mixed metaphor after that flight I 