, TEE SIGN OF THE FOUR. (Bv A, Conan Doyle.) CHATTER III. 3N QUEST OF A SOLUTION* It was half-mst 5 boforu Hohucs toturned. Ho wa» brig-lit, eager, und in excellent BpiritH,—a mood which in his ya*M alternated with fits of tho blackest dopecariea. 44 Thero is no great mystery in this vtnt tor,” he said, taking tha cup of tea which X Lad poured out for him* “ Tho facta appear to admit of only one explanation.” What! you have solved it already?” “■Well, that would be too much to any. I Lave discovered il suggestive fact, that is all. It is, however, very suggestive. Tho •dotnils are still to bo added. I have just ■found, on consulting the back files of The Times, that. Major Sholto, of Upjjer Norwood, Into of the 3*1 th Bombay Infantry., died upon the 28th of April, 1882.” 411 may bo very obtuse, Holmes, but I fail to seo what this suggests.” “No? You surprise mo. Look at it in this way, then. Captain'Morstan disappears. The only person in London whom ho could luivo visited is Major Sholto. Major Sholto denies having hoard that ho was in Loudon. "Four years later Sholto dies. Within a week of hi* death Captain Moratnn’fl daughter re ceives u valuable present, which is repeated .from your to year, and now culminates ill a letter. which describes her ns a wronged woman. What wrong cau it refer to except this deprivation of her father? And why should tho presents begin immediately after Sholto’s dentil, unless it is that Sholto'« heir knows something of tho mystery and desires to nmko compensation ? Have you any alternative theory which will meet tho “ But what a strange compensation I And Low strangely mudo! "Why, too, should ho write' a letter now, rather than six years ngoP Again, tho letter speaks of giving her justice. What justico can she have / It is too much to supposo that hor father is stUI alive. There is no othur injustice in her caso that you know of.” “There are diftioultfos; thero are cer tainly difficulties,” said Sherlock Holmes, pensively. 44 But our expedition of to-night will solve them all. All, hero is a four whcolcr, and Miss Morstan is inside. Are you all ready ? Then wo lind bettor go down, for it is a littlo past tho hour.” I picked up my but and my heaviest stick, hut I observed that Holmes took his revolver irqm Ids drawer and slipped it into hia pocket. It was clear that ho thought our night’s work might bo a serious ono. Miss Morstan was muffled in a dark cloak, and her sensitive fuco was composed, but polo. She must have boon more limn woman if she did not feel some uneasiness at tho atmnge eutorpriso upon which wo ■were em barking, yet her solf-control was porfeot, riho readily answered tho few additional •questions which Sherlock Holmes put to her. “ Major Sholto was a very ^particular friend of papa’s,” she said. “His lottors woro full of allusions to tho major. Ho and papa were in command of the ti oops at tho Andaman Islands, so they were thrown a groat deal together. By the way, u curious paper was found in papa's desk which no ono ■ could understand. I don't supposo that it is of tho slightest importance, but I thought you might caro to aeo it, so I brought it with mo. It is boro.” Holmes unfolded tho paper carefully and smoothed it out upon his knoo, Ho then vory methodically examined it all ovor with . hia double lens. “It ispaperof native Indian manufacture,” Lo remarked. “It has at some ti mo boon pinned to a board. Tho’diagram upon it appears to bo a plan of part of a largo building, with numerous hulls, corridors, and passages. At ono point is a small cross done iu red ink, and above it is 4 3.87 from loft,' in faded pencil writing. In tho left hand corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses iu a lino with their arms touch ing. Beside it is written, iu vory rougli and course characters, ‘Thosigiqof tho fom*,— ■Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, Abdullah ' Khan, Boat Akbur.’ No, I confess that I do not-aeo how this bears upon tho matter. ITot it is evidently a documout of importance. It has boon kept carefully iu a pocket-book; for tho one eido is us clean as the other.” 4 4 It was in his pocket-book that wo found ' it.” “Preserve it carefully then, Miss Morstan, for it may provo to bo of use to us. I begin to suspect that this matter may turn out to Lo much deeper and moro subtle than I at first supposed* I must reconsider my ideas.” Ho leaned back in the cab, and I could boo by his drawn brow and his vacant eye that Lo was thinking intently. Miss Morstan .and I chatted in nn undertone about our present expedition and its possible outcome, but our companion maintained his impene trable reserve until the end of our journey. It was a September evening, and not yet 7 o’clock, but tho day had been a dreary ono, act'd a dense, drizzly fog lay low upon tho great city. Mud- coloured clouds drooped sadly ovor tho muddy streets. Down tho Strand tho lamps wore but misty splotches of diffused light which threw a feeble circular •glimmer upon tho slimy pavement Tho yellow glare from the »hop ■windows streamed out into tho steamy, ■vaporous air, and throw a murky, shifting radiance across tho crowded thoroughfare. Thero was, to my mirnl, something corio and ghost-liko in tho endless procession of faces which flitted across thoaonarrow bars of light —sad faces and glad, haggard and merry. Like all human kind, they flitted from tho gloom into tho light, and . so back into the gloom once more. I am not subject to im pressions, but the dull, heavy evening, with the strange business upon which wo wero engaged, combined to make mo nervous and depressed. I could sco from Miss Morstan s maunor that sho was miffering from the same feeling. Holmes alone could rise superior to petty influences. Ho held his open notebook upon his knee, and from time to time he jotted down figures und memoranda in tho light of his packet-lantern. At the Lyceum Theatre tho crowds wore already thiok at tho aide-entrances. In front a continuous stream of hansoms and four-wheelers wero rattling up, discharging their cargoes of slurt-f routed men and bo aliawlcd, bo-diumonded women. Wo hud hardly reached tho third pillar, which was ■our rendezvous, before a small, dark, brisk man in tho dress of a coachman accosted us. “ Aro you the parties who come with Miss Morstan,” ho asked. 4‘, I am Miss Morstan, and these two gohtlomen aro my friends,” said she. Ho bent a pair of wonderfully penotrating and questioning eyes upon us. “ You will oxcuso me, miss,” ho tuid, with a certain dogged manner,44 but I was to ask you to givo mo your word that neither of your com panions is a police- offleer.” 44 I givo you my word on that,” sho answered. Ho gavo a shrill whistle, on which a street Arab led across a four-wheolor and opened the door. Tile man who hud addressed us mounted to the box, while wo took our places inside. Wo" had hardly dono so before the driver whipped up his horse, and wo plunged away at a furious pace through tho foggy streets. Tho situation was n curious ono. Wo were driving to an unknown placo, on an unknown errand. Yet our invitation was cither a comploto hoax,—which was nn in conceivable hypothesis,—or olso wo had good reason to think that important issues might lmng upon our journey. Miss Morstan’s de meanor was ns resolute und collected as ever. I endeavoured to cheer and aniuso liar, by reminiscences of my adventures iu Afghanistan ; but, to toll tho truth, I was myself so excited at our situation mid'so curious as to our destination that my utorics woro slightly involved. To this day aho declares that I told her ouo moving anecdote as to how a musket looked, into my tent at the dead of night, and how I fired a double-barrelled tiger cub at it. At first I had some idea ns to the direction in which wo wero driving; but soon, what with, our pneo, tho fog, and my own limited knowlodgo of Xondon, I least my bearings, and know nothing, save that we Hcoined to ho going a vory long way. Sherlock Holmes was nover t fault, however, and ho muttered tho names ua tho cab rattled through squaws and in aud out by tortuous by-streots. “ Rochester Row,*’ said ho. “ Now Vin cent square. Now we oouto out on the Yanxlialt Bridgu road. Wo nro making for the Surrey side, apparently. Yea, I thought so. Now wo tiro on tho bridge. You can oat eh glimpses of the river.” V.ro did indeed get a ilccting view of a stretch of the Thames with tho lamps shining upon tho broad, silent water; but our cab dashed on, aud was soon involved in a labyrinth of streets upon the other side. “ Wordsworth road,” auid rny companion. “Priory road. Lark-hall la.no. Stock well place. Robert street. Gold Harbour lnno. Our quest docs not appear to take ua to very fashionable regions.” We had, indeed, reached a questionable aud forbidding neighbourhood. Long lines of dull brick houses were only relieved by tho conrso gluro and tawdry brilliancy of public-houses at tho corner. Then came rows of two-storied villas, each with a fronting cf miniaturo gardon, and then again interminable lines of new staring brick buildings,—tho monster tommies which tho giant city was throwing out into tho country. At last the cab drew up at the third Ivouko in a now terrace. Nouo of the other houses were inhabited, ami that at which wo stopped, was as dark as its neighbours, savo for a single glimmer in tho kitchen window. t On our knocking, however, the door was instantly thrown open by a Hindoo servant clad in a yellow turban, whito loose-iitting clothes, and a yellow sash. Tlioro was something strangely incongruous in this Oriental liguro framed in tho comtnon-pkico door-way of a thivd-rato suburban dwolling-houso. “ Tho Sahib awaits you,” said lie, and oven as be apolco there eumo a high piping voice from some iuner room. “ Show them iu to me, khitmutgar,” it cried, “Show them straight in to mo.” 