L o c a I and G e n e r a I. MR. MARTIN, formerly of the Perth Club, has taken over the management of the Star and Garter Hotel. WE hear that a Wolseley Sheep Shearing Machine, is shortly about to be introduced for use in the Gascoyne district. THE late heavy rains at the Ashburton and Murchison, have extended inland, as both these rivers are running strongly. THE lease of the property known as the Victoria Hotel changed hands last week, Mr. Adams being the purchaser for £500. THE Western Liedertafel is again about to renew its practices. A General Meet ing was summoned for Monday night last. WE notice that the Hon. Clayton T. Mason in his speech made at Northampton, holds out strong hopes of the hitherto ill-fated Midland Railway being success fully completed. MR. J. A. Wright, the manager of the Great Southern Railway, met with a nasty ac cident the other day, which we are sorry to learn, will incapacitate him for work for some time. While hanging a birdcage, he slipped and fell, thereby fracturing a rib. AFTER all, it appears that Sir C. E. Bovill will not accept the Chief Justiceship of West Australia. FATHER BRERETON has been staying in Perth for some days. He returned yester day to Champion Bay, apparently much benefited by his change. Mr. Moorhead also sailed in the Rob Roy, to commence practice at Geraldton. THE returns of traffic earnings, and tonnage, on the Eastern Railway from the 26th, November to the 31st December 1889, show a large increase upon the earnings, etc., of the corresponding period of the year 1888. For passengers, parcels, and goods, £4059 2s. 9d. was received, a gain of £818 9s. 4d. Again a tonnage of 4058 tons 12 cwts. was carried, being an excess of 1117 tons 16 1/2 cwts. MR. J. J. HARWOOD, the Inspector of Public Works, has just returned from a round of visits of inspection at the North. It is reported by the Express, that the Geraldton hospital requires repairs, and that the jetty there, and that at Dongarra, is in need of urgent attention. It also states, that several of the piles of the Geraldton jetty are almost eaten through by worms. This statement suggests the query — are these piles Jarrah or Karri ? FROM a resident of Kojonup, we hear that a great scarcity of water is just now being felt in that district. To supply the immediate wants of the settlers, the Great Southern Railway conveys water in tanks along the line, and experiences no difficulty in finding purchasers for the precious liquid. The tank, recently con structed at Katanning by the Land Company, is said to have been completely drained of its contents. THE members of the committee appointed to make the necessary arrangements for the Tea and Concert, to be held in Fremantle on St. Patrick's Night, have advanced their project considerably beyond the initiatory stage, and the preliminaries are already in course of preparation. Judging by the programme in its present stage, the entertainment bids fair to equal, if not surpass, all those held up to the present. PROFESSOR WYMAN, after exciting the wonder and admiration of the crowds who assembled nightly in Perth to wit ness his feats on wheels, has commenced a season in Fremantle at the Town Hall. He opened on Monday night to a crowded house, and up to the present, has obtained the support which his really splendid per formance merits. MR. HART'S admirably written play, Mixed Marriages, was given in Fremantle last Wednesday week. The play has already been described in these columns, and therefore does not need a full report. The jests and witticisms, and the brightly written dialogues, were well received by the small but appreciative audience. The ladies and gentlemen who took part, were Mesdames North and Gibbs, and Miss Hamersley, and Messrs. Hart, North, White, Gawler, and Clark. The perform ance was preceded by a brief, but exceed ingly well rendered, concert of vocal and instrumental pieces. THE children attending the Catholic Schools in Fremantle and North Fre mantle, were treated to an outing last Thursday by the worthy pastor, Father Martelli, assisted by their kind teachers, the good Sisters of St. Joseph. It was given in the form of a picnic in the Park, and considerably more than 300 children took part in the gathering. After a substantial repast, the little ones scattered about in groups, the girls principally engaging in the customary round games, and the boys taking part in running and jumping contests. They separated at sunset, after a most enjoy able day, and quietly dispersed to their homes, accompanied by their parents and friends, a large number of whom were present during the afternoon. The people of Jarrahdale, have carried out their intention of providing proper means of conveyance for their pastor, the Rev. Father Duff, while travelling through their district. On Sunday, during Father Duff's recent visit, the inhabitants assembled in the pretty little church, and presented the rev. gentleman with a carriage with horse and harness, and a warm-hearted and respectful address. Mr. Baxter made the presentation on the part of the inhabitants of Jarrahdale, and accom panied the gifts with an eloquent speech. Father Duff, who seemed much affected by this act of thougtful generosity, made a suitable reply, thanking the people warmly and sincerely for their noble present. A VERY rich patch of tin has been struck recently on the property of the Bunbury Tin Mining Company. WE received a communication just as we were going to press, containing a report of a meeting of the Greenough Catholic Young Men's Society, and are therefore compelled to hold it over until next issue. TO-MORROW, Friday 21st. inst. Messrs. Hugh McKernan & Co., will hold an auction of a large consignment of Oil men's Stores, Drapery, Boots, Wheat, Barley, etc., at their "Swan" Auction Rooms, Barrack Street, at eleven o'clock. THE walking match between McGovern and Strickland, which takes place next Saturday week, begins to excite much interest. McGovern is noted for his strong fair style of walking ; the other is not so well known to the public. Both men are undergoing a hard course of training. YESTERDAY, at Fremantle, Miss Pearse was married to Mr. G. Y. Hubble, of Messrs. Symon, Hammond & Hubble. The good wishes of every one will follow Miss Pearse in her new state of life, for she endeared herself to all by the sweet amiability of her character. We wish her many years of health and happiness. THE usual weekly practice of the Perth Musical Union, was held in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening last. Very rapid pro gress is being made with the pieces, in rehearsal for the Society's concert to be held next month. A noticeable feature, in connection with the Society's progress, is the increasing number of instrumen talists and efficiency of the orchestra. SIR J. G. Lee-Steere, while passing through Adelaide, was interviewed by a reporter of the Adelaide Register. In response to interrogations, he spoke of the great promise held out by, what he believes "to be great gold discoveries, and immense coal deposits. I have every confidence that our coal fields will prove very valuable. There is a great future for the colony in its minerals — gold, tin, copper, lead, and coal." AN old landmark in the City, in the shape of the building in Howick-street formerly owned by the late Mr. T. Farrelly, and in which he conducted a once well-known and lucrative business, is now being taken down in order to effect improvements. Handsome new business premises for Messrs. Holman, Haines & Co., ac countants, will shortly be erected, the architecture of which will be in harmony with the Perth Club, which it will adjoin. THE match between teams represent ing South Australia and West Australia, ended in a draw, somewhat in favour of the South Australian men. In their second innings, the South Australians made 109, and at the call of time, the West Aus tralians had seven wickets down for 64. Scrynagour played a splendid innings for 57 without giving the ghost of a chance, Randells average was really a good one, 7 wickets for 23 runs. WE notice that the Perth Gas Company are laying piping from Irwin street, along Howick street, for the purpose of putting down a main. We assume that residents who will shortly have the opportunity of illuminating their residences with gas, are somewhat indebted to Cr. Salas for the boon, he having for some time past, advocated in the City Council the laying down of a main, and the illuminat ing of Howick- street. A GRAND concert, based upon tho lines of the Irish Concert, which proved so success ful last year, will be given on St. Patrick's Night, in the Perth Town Hall. A committee has the matter well in hand, and many of the preliminary arrangements have already been completed. A large number of our leading vocalists have signified their intention of assisting on that night, so that we may be safe in say ing, that the great success which attended last year's effort will be again achieved. THE long talked of ocean race between the Karakatta and Nautilus, did not take place on Saturday, but a scratch match between the two boats for a wager of £10, was sailed in a light wind, and the Nautilus won easily by 12 minutes. However, rather unexpectedly, as a strong sea breeze come up on Tuesday, the match was arranged, the money, £50, staked, and the two vessels sent away, the Nautilus having rather the better of the other, in the start. The Karakatta quickly overhauled the Nauti lus, rounded the buoy eight minutes be fore her rival, and came in an easy winner. THE West Australian Enabling Bill is, so far, being quickly moved through the House of Commons. Last Thursday, it was read a first time, to-day it will be brought up for the second reading, and no doubt sent to committee with but little delay. WE draw attention to another column, where will be found an advertisement from Mr. T. L. Cottrell. Mr. Cottrell is but recently arrived from Adelaide, where he has had wide and varied experience — an experience extending over many years, and in which every detail of the trade has been thoroughly studied, and worked up to a high pitch of excel lence. Mr. Cottrell has opened business in Murray-street, Perth, where carriage building in every branch is carried out in the latest and best styles, and where the workmanship and finish are such, as to guarantee complete satisfaction. THE door of the City Police Court, has been adorned with a large number of notices from persons making applications for license, under the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sales Act, preparatory to the Justice's Licensing Meeting, which takes place on Monday, March 3rd. Among those making applications, are Mr. Hartly Neelands, for a new hotel to be erected in Hay-street ; one from Mr. J. J. Elsegood for a new hotel to be erected in Murray-street ; and Mr. J. Kilfoyle will again make applica tion for a license for the premises in Murray-street, recently owned by the Oddfellows'. THE 7 p.m. down train, was three-quarters of an hour late in reaching Fremantle last Saturday evening. It was found, on attempting to leave North Perth Station, that the nut which secures the draw- bar, through the wearing down of the thread, had come off, thus incapacitating the engine. The Acting Traffic Manager, Mr. Hope, and the Station Master, Mr. Calver, were quickly on the spot, and after an in effectual attempt to remedy the defect on the spot, the train was backed to the Central Station, and the draw-bar replaced. A start was again made, and the train reached Fremantle without further mishap. WE have had the opportunity of perusing the provisional programme for the Military Tournament, to be held in Guildford about April 16, which has been prepared by the Commandant Col. Pilkington. Should the programme be carried out in its entirety, a novel and interesting day's amusement will be provided, eclipsing anything in the shape of sports, that has ever taken place in the colony. No less than thirty-one events will be provided, the majority being limited to members of tho Military Force, but there will be a tug-of-war between civilians and volunteers, and a couple of events are allotted to the mounted police. In the various Volunteer corps, sub-committees have been appointed, who are working energetically in the matter. It is pleasing to learn that the Commandant is receiving a large measure of support, and he is to be congratulated upon the energy he appears to be infusing into our Military Forces. DURING the past week, the Guildford Rifles, under the command of Major Gardiner, have been going through a course of camp instruction and field exer cise. The muster was a good one, many of the men travelling long distances to take part. From the Swan, Upper and Lower, Chittering, and right away in the heart of the Toodyay District, have these stalwart young fellows assembled, at the order of their enthusiastic and popular commander. Major Gardiner seems to have imparted to his men that strong military spirit, which he is known to possess in so high a degree, and they respond loyally to his lightest wish. Major Pilkington has manifested a lively interest in the proceedings, and has spent some considerable time at the camp, taking part in the instruction, ably assist ed by Lieutenant Campbell. The Com mandant declares, in no stinted terms, his admiration for the remarkably soldier like, and steady behaviour of the men while under arms ; and states he has no hesitation in saying, that they afford the material for the finest of soldiers. On Sunday, the volunteers, headed by the band, were marched by Major Gardiner to church, where their conduct during mass was as it always has been, respectful and edifying. 