A fiQVE THE SPEAKER. Br Timotheus. " Timotheus placed on high." Again the interest has been not in the I acting before the scene, but in the preparations behind it The '' wait" is for the report of the Railway Commissioners, which must be received before the great Construction Bill can be read a second time, and the period is available for the disappointed to draw together with a view of mutual comfort and support This they have done with effect The railway caucus in the present power in the state, and it is it and its doings that are the theme of comment and report rather than those of the temporarily displaced Cabinet met on bably the power of the caucus is over estimated The head is brazen enough no doubt, but the feet are of clay Mr Officer, as chairman, walks about with an air of mild confidence Mr Shiels, as the authorised mouthpiece from whom communications are received, is a sphere jubilant. Very likely the promoters have a majority to day, as is asserted, but will they retain it '' Unless each member finds time his little de man is met in the forthcoming " caucus scheme, there may be no cohesion, and it each claim is recognised, the scheme will be too preposterous for the rational to support There are said to be forty four raiders At 20 miles a piece that would be 380 miles, and an endeavour on this scale would be jeered at us ridiculous The promoters have recognised the danger, and have tried to provide against it by a " loyalty resolution ' They do not mean to propose 500 miles And those whose lines may be reluctantly left out by the caucus as really too much of a good thing are still to steadily vote for the scheme from end to end No one who has got his line through the House is to be so mean as to be absent from divisions about the others, and soon The " loyalty " resolution has been explicitly and even solemnly put after the manner of the conspiracy scene in the conventional drama Chief Conspirator (Mr Shiels -Do you all swear it Chorus-" We do ' No doubt there should be Honour among raiders But usually raiders are a Highland boat After an engagement, those of the Highlanders who obtained plunder went home to secure it, and those who failed deserted in disgust 'J, be great heart of the country about which so much has been said seems to have been thoroughly stirred at last, and this without any effort on the part of the orators J here has been a descent upon the House Hills and vestibules have been dull, and perhaps Bull are, of groups of worthy colonists, whose dress and demeanour indicate that they have swooped from the interior upon the local member to strengthen his hands or to see that he travels in the right path Their brows are sun burnt and their hands spade hardened, and in honour of the visit they have obtained tweed suits, cut to the same pattern from the local stores the effort to give the big men the big suits and the little men the little suits has been gallant, but, as in a militia regiment not always successful The centre of each group is the representative, striving plausibly and energetically to explain away the awkward fact that his line is not in the bill, or declaring valiantly, like another Desaix, that though the battle is lost there is time to win another 1 he spirits of the member may be sinking at the time, as, perhaps, those of the marshal were, but neither before soldiers nor constituents is it advisable to show the white feather When the district desires a particular line, and that only, the members course is plain enough The unhappy man is he whose constituents are divided between rival routes for these feuds are the bitterest of nil There were fears for Mr Staughton at one time, when he was surrounded by those who want the Coimadai line to go straight and those who want the Coimadai line to go crooked He came out safe, but not unruffled It is a triumph to diplomacy that the parting of all the wordy combatants in the Queen shall was outwardly in peace The eagerness was to be expected Railways have put up the value of country lands from 22 to ii or 77 per acre they have made unsaleable properties saleable. Poor men have become well Whether the result will be the same when all people obtain the lines instead of the law is uncertain, but hope runs high Consequently there is a general snatch from the Snowy River to the mallee scrub for the expected wealth The line will add to acreage value, and that is the residents business. It will not pay working expenses, but this is not his concern It seems odd at first that one set of men-the land owners ate to pocket the profit, and another set of men there who do not own land-are to bear the loss It might be thought that those who make the permanent gain should meet the team I orary deficit But this arrangement is held by politicians to be absurd, visionary), impossible, and so forth Perhaps so If the right thing were practicable always the world would not be topsy turn j The globe spins round each 21 hours and many matters are explained by the circumstance that Parliament meets when the earth is upside down The formation of the caucus has not astonished all one, but the acceptance by Mr Officer of the post of chairman has surprised one and all. Mr. Officer has never seemed to be ambitious to lead. if he had so pleased he would have been put in nomination for the post of the Speakership, but the tale of the influential private member has an the fled him One imagines him as a church office-bearer as a matter of course. Were he a banker, one presumes that he would receive an mutual vote of thanks from satisfied shareholders for his progressive but sound audconaenativepolic)." The idea never occurred to a soul that a caucus from which Mr. Anderson and others have withdrawn as too " wild cat" in character would have the member for Dundas as its president. The statement is credible that Mr Gillies was determined in his opposition to the caucus policy of expulsion up to a certain point, but when Mr. Officer came to the front in the deputation room he was near to collapsing near to exclaiming ht tu Brute and giving up the ghost of a resistance On the other hand, the assertion 13 to be discredited that in caucus the chairman is as gay as a Councillor Pie) deal with the wig off in the back room of the Canon gate hostels, and as ready as that worthy advocates play "High Jinks," and that his cry is, " Shoulder to shoulder and we win, he) b" The affidavits which some members are willing to swear would obtain no credence on such a point. We may be sure that the Chairman's influence is a restraining power. Mr Officer's presence is to be otherwise accounted for than by the supposition that he has been carried off his feet. No lines are in a more hopeless condition so far as the Government are concerned than those railways projected through the Western district large estates. And desperate cases require desperate remedies. Mr. Shiels is now expected to regularly provide the social situation of the session, and he is well to the front this time with a decided novelty. The clergy are, it seems, in part at any rate, to be dead against him, but somehow the hon. member seems to flourish on their denunciations. After all the hard things said about him by cardinals and bishops in Great Britain, he is back line and well. It the old liveliness is not so pronounced in Mr. Shiels as it was, we must remember that years run on with us all, and bring responsibility with them, and moreover that a visit to England toned down the exuberance of Mr. Deakin, and showed that it was possible to repress-just Blight the supposed irrepressible Mr. L L, Smith. In this instance Mr. Shiels may well expect to have the House with him, more even than in the divorce measure. If men and women who ought to have married at first marry) after all, the best thing must be to put all the children, those who come early as well as those who come late on the same legal footing. The Metropolitan Board of Works is a subject which ought to excite interest, but bills do not obtain their deserts, and the difficulty when the measure was under discussion was to maintain a quorum. The second reading was carried in the buzz of a general conversation. The city members had humbly to accept the offer of the Premier to allow second reading speeches in committee, but after this fiasco it was impossible to simulate excitement If Alderman Stewart and Mr Fitzgibbon had been in the House, the case would have been different As it was, those redoubt able champions had to meet Mr. Gillies outside the chamber The discussion was long and arduous It might be possible to convince Mr Fitzgibbon that two halves are not equal to a whole but it is distinctly impossible to make him acknowledge that the £800,000 in dispute should be paid by the city twice over Alderman Stewart might be got to deny the efficacy of habeas corpus but torture would not induce him to swerve from the contention that the Stawell Latrobe pledge to transfer the Yan Yean nt coat once is not binding on the Hopetoun Gillies regime Mr Gillies has taken up his own I len with great pertinacity, the foemen are worthy of each other, and the curtain falls on the stage situation ' lett disputing Mr Gillies is an outside r in the matter and the others have come ration, and it looks there fore, as if the Premier will have to five way The Council faced the federal -question in a fair discussion and therefore did letter than the Assembly which shirked the issue The speakers who had prepared themselves were Mr V 1 illiterate Mr Fraser and Mr Geo Davis and the first named gentleman gillie 1 the applause of a House which does not usually acorn I this tribute to its record the legal member for the South Yarra, Province was shirt but he had less to bring out I must run back said Mr Service to a lobby visitor to hear Davis who is always interesting But the feature of the debate was that members were conspicuous by their absence Sir Frederick Sargood was silent because as leader of the House, he considers it his duty to push business through Mr Service went home the second day for reasons of his own The hon. gentleman could have said much persons too much His departure is accepted as evidence that his withdrawal from the Convention which was deprecated by every member who spoke-is final But he has still up to Tuesday to reconsider his decision and to defer to the general wish If he persists in his decision it will be assumed that the policy of the hon. gentleman is to keep data on the weather bow and that when Sir Henry Parkes has had his run and has called then Mr Service will appear on the scene amid BEDS A 