. OMMQET. V ORICKET PTTINOS. - ; , Br 'VBtfauK." . iv> Nerordo I ronmmtartbe abeoo£j tfla , Sdbtayawnd toe .piwrlence of delightfully, ccblbrrezm having been mwe vborouguly np; ttreckled « «» coumnmlgr »». the wrt\few diya. Omketm H , ,aTfr iiiliVff kf T" " andwbft>#P,l themtocarry out Saturday. ntigA&artmtiKMftrRftinnetiteriiket; getting ss5st«B« some other form of iHaem, which etm ttodend quite likely from having to en- most in their favorite parti me intnd) terrific h5t as we have been raited with of late. New ' before have the various grounds merited audi a eeorchmg, and it ho been hard work lor- tbfe«i cbaigrof them to make tfaom yiesentaaythiofc lik aft appear ance of greenness, Happily we do not oft<& fret aueb a visitation, or I am afraid the genial fafw Of those coraton ;w<ww soon undergo marked changes. Old "Mac" of East Melbourne would no longer oe known as "Sniiler,"nor would Sam Morris, of Soutu Melbourne, look aa contented as I saw hhn on Saturday last. . By the Jray.-I RfJ WT that my journey fo the rHjlr.op JWt flay »w a very pleasurable one. booticg train and busrt 1 made my way there on loot, along the once dreaded St, Ki'da road, past ibe lake, dotted with tiny craft with enow white wings, enjoying the while the invigorating breeze blowing sii-adily froui the south. On arrival 1 found the Kiclnnouditee ready to take the field again to en- deavi/r, if possible, to lower lire remaining SoutlierneV» wickets for ah infinitely less number of runs tbao the four player who came to grief the previous Saturday bad put together. But the)' had auottier bad tune. They found tlm jwtckefc in? splendid ordcf, and they found J. Y. Bar rett, ' a he has hren all this anason, in wonderfully gond form. Bowman to- showed them that it wps not tjie same Bow- man who played witfl them rime years ago, at any late as fat a« his batting capatnlitreB are concerned, for he ha vastly improved sir.ee then. Thehexoofthenutcb sofaris undoubtedly the doctor, who, continuing bi« innings, realised the splendid total of 127, and he was not nut when the South Mrilxmrnites at a quarter in six closed their inning. Tboush in t a« aggressive in bis batting as he might h«v> been, Barrett must be credited with having Played thoroughly well from start to finreli. Not until he had made sixty odd did lie give anything approaching n chance, and it waa then one to Johns at i he wickets off a lust l»c ball. At 120. however, Over should have easily caught him in th« slips but tin t,peed of the ball was ft little too much tor the fieldsman named, who is by no means famed for l'ie celerity of bis movement. These vera the only blemishes "» the left-hander' along and nalit-m innings J liked Bowman bat- ling v-ry much. He conies down on the ball well, and though i-s«uirinliy a forward nlaver, in1 gets' hick to a ball as w»-Il a any of th'-'m. Ji« g«»s his score of 42 by n-atand taking batting, the leattirrn sphere going off tne " willow' without the batsman making the Fas; apparent i-tfort. As I eaid before, thi« is evidently Bowman's 44 season out." And he only l ift his wicket through Iving run out. He 'played nbnll hard to Ingicton at nud-off, and called llfirrett fur a ran, but the ti.jcmr coiiid see nothing like a mil t.» h- had, ani would » >t g>. and t ho lirhfoman hail no difficulty in returning t lie ball before Bowman, who wjin vards out of his pioutu:, could get back. Slight came in, and »t otic opened bis shoulders driving Turner hard and well io the bounuary but I in»-t eanfras I thought that was the" only ball the Sm:h Mvlbmiure captain wvnred at lionie to. There whs a want oi decision in his batting that showed he was along way troiu b' iv.g in his beat form. Jb UhjIph lias tiic reputation nf brttig ahsr.1 Litter, and Ire crriaitUy diii make tilings lively for til's vbjtois while he was at the wick-ls. He v..as also run out. Barrett cut a lull hard to Muil-tt, u ho si.jj.ped it cl-aiily. aud re:nrm d it i.. .lutifnily i» .bum, who had the hails off like a rii-it. Ii:cluu»-J in 'he 15 runs lJidd.tlph mail- were tlirer 4V. ». Smith, of Melu urne-cimi-Hicliirnn.i, »tc., fame, was pni'iiciiLily tnu.nppy during Ins Fray with 15,.rrett. aud wa? rnngiit at last by Kdwards at extra nini-i !f in tmug to ih'ive Turn- r. Sis v.v liu c u.tr ibutjnn. Eight wickets were down when Slight called Barren ami JiainsnfF i!:e ii.-l-l, lli-ir l>nng 4CH1. Though that b a larg" ope. it must m»t be sup- pi- '! t ha L ir was du" to inditfer- nt lirlding by th" lheiinti'tid, for n tt-r ull-iound woik than that put in by she yellow and biackit.-e lia- t.-.t 1. it- ii wi-ii on the South M"i- buurne ground for n.any a year. Certainly Kichtrom! liavhver shown to greater ad\ ati- lagc in that be-naftinoiit of li.p game, Inploton. Turner, Euryl Taici.eH and. indeed the wiiol" team, worked like niacbinerj-. E«»nr of ihe home team being rim out w miu" \ ideuce of their f »m. during the two afti-runons they w»rc in the field. .Johns, I must specially compliment for his brilliant efforts behind the sticks, IVt leg balls he tuuk beautifully. And I mil not exaggerating when X sny ti.at with n htile more practice on turf he will turn out thebc-fi \vick"t keeper Kicbinond hare hud during the p.ist 13 or 14 yearh.or indeed at any time. fJnly 7 hj'-s are recorded in the Ssoiuh" -riei>! totsl.tli- revult of tine., lolls univ g» rtuir pa-t liini. Tiiis is remarkably g«>d work u lii-n the large number of runs the b..me tram mado j. takrii into ccnsidrration. Ail the Richmond Imtvlcrs caught it pretty fi'irrt'lv. Ha idrit-k, two wickt-ts for 7<» run?: Ov i, one f.r 14 J; and Turner, one for (11 eVisnor/hh't one wicket for 47 rnt.s! Ini'h't.in ha- b-5 to hi crKlit and Jidwflr.is 14, I.-.th I .Tint' ir it out. Turner wa« unfuriunate in getting out off a fast leg bail from K. A. Uairi'tt M.atTut tne edg- of the bat, though K- IUII well d»,i sv. d ti.e distinction h gnued lhr-Jg(irh..sple,.,iid oue.h .mb-o carci. he mail.- if r u 1 r tai.ee for the fo.il. In e g ri,.g his runs, for Ij; off ni- o«n bowl- ing, -ni'l liin- i. >ioi -'i-'iHwd him at long field mi alter g-ttiim i:,v bau'wi: int j Ihh hands. i u-m- were uiieur two incicmnts ill cmii'-c- t:"ii v.TM Juaturcnv .< piav tJiat wef bardiy pi- a-';i..nje on"-. J- or insMoc. the decision the ffomk M- Ib'jiirne cip'iuu cau.e to pgirdiug li.e closing u\ the iiO'iie Pom's tunings at a quar oi tosiv, vlu n the lii'lit wnn rapidly fail- ir.g, wa- r-c-eivd by the Kiehnioiiditr and th-ir uppni-iere with verv mixed fueling, lor tliry li'J'l it wa-a in ost nnwnrroitaMe proceed - ing. Tliev iioid that n side having put up 40U runs ami ih«Mi quietly pnttimrtlieiroiiie.mMits'in atftucha time Mivors strmigiy of po)nting'' to nvnre a vicp ry, n«d 3 certainly tun of the Fame opinion. 1 am aware the Southerners wc-re acting within theruhs in sn doing, but I am a!f;> crtAin it wa6 n"v«r intended that it Ehould h- thus inkeu adiantage of. I argue thus:— If lh«- light ib bad enough to induce a captain -if a team to close hi:-, nunnp. it is manifestly unfair to make others endeavor t'j milk" nins in that light, which must g-t worre "vry liiinutr. It js uf)» the Jii.-: inii.- il)>fMe:n ihe rule in question lias lin-ii ftlms'il. but i.n.pires g nerr.liy have the powei to pn vf lit i:. They are th- judg"s ui fair or unfair and in b-.ich a case I think thpy would only !)» doii.g w n at. v. enhi be right in classing Mich tactic- as unfair n!ay, and acting accordingly. Toe Kjomr ihi> ruis is altered the bettor. 'Jii" manii'T Wilton (an umpire), too, was treated by a rectum ot the spectators who hootnl huu after giving Bid- doiph out was as foolbh as it was reprehen Fjble. Jojoh.-li ic was, b'icause the hooters were Btatioiwd outside the picket fonCfi behind the ivick'-ts, nr:h anutlier lot behwid the houl-r, Huw tliev could judire as to whether Wiis'm did right nr wrcuig it is difficult to see. Ti ui tiip visitors standing in a jwsition wh'-re tli-y cniM ju ig-: c.irrectiy were quite- Fati-ffeC lhai ti.o lunpiri. in question made no Now lint the riurn match, Victoria v JSouiii Wa> t,!ias hi-i-n plyed,the all-important topic «»«c mvereaiion iu cricket circle is the roiopo-ipoii of ti.e-ewnth Australian eleven. Tii-.ugh itothingolhci.il has yet oeen announced concerning the uan.'-of t lie player who will n«.-enihie on hoar-i the good ship Lipuria on th" i-'ili Match, in \t, in proceed to IJngland to one" more endi-avur liritig back tli »-u .ish-f' to Aurtralia. s-till suf- is known to ni.ibis us to judge prt:y wtJI what the strength oF the team will lie. L t ine fctaio v;iio at present may be fook-d up»i: as the c-rtaint i>. They are Mc— ;r< Jjaniiermaii. Blaukhain. Turner, 3-Vrrif, Trutt, Murdoch, Jones, and Lyon. Tliexi eight player are good enough for anything, and constitute a uii.nt important pars of the combination that will riv -rituadv leave these shorep. I will nuw add Lr.rednle and Wcirall, for I he!i"ve thou two picyer will lie a«k«'d tj go. Drysdale is fo imicb at h'i'ne on Mioky wickets, and Ijac p-rfjrincd so well ".since 1m entered tin- M-niur ranks tliai he can hardly be ignored. Aa a ii«ld li ia difneult to beat, wh:J" j> bv ri" ini-.ms to b.- d-spired as a iruufjl-r. W.irrall, owing to nis bad foot, was tnrown off Li play for a time, but iic fIiowi'1 such fine form in the lata match acoinFt New South Wafos that I am inclined to believe he will be found one of the choren few. His all-ronnd qual.iif s are such as fo make him a valnabU member of any tpam. Thus we have ten Fph-cf"d. Vuat about Giffen, though? Will he go? That i the queetton. Well, if word from his own lip are good enough.then I ctii ?ay poriiivrly the South Australian, and indni, the AiiFtraliay crack, will not under- tak" tneir.p. This Giffen areured me only on l-Vtriay last, wlreo, m company with II. H. Budd, E. Scott, E. li Manning H. Trott anb F, Walters I found myself at Sn ncer iro»t «f»inp the Soutli Australians off by the expreHs for Sydney. All Invert of cricket will deplore :1m fact thatGiffen ha de termined thus, for nothing I could say would oe anything new if I referred to the gain m strength to the Australian side would be bub ir>, - h$L Tb«»i« m& y« i"?""®?1' H gaktftwa y i wyrsSrftyt » -gV»x of lilla'Arhifflilut bi$ti S? riirine Jt M liiwt, in hh lot with Beyle, Bladram, and Co. jn tte coming ventnee. SiMndd tw not, how- mm> IVar it laxqore than likely Charlton mil d%cdt tobele that J. £. Baonttcttbeleftout, h»pttformnoaoflate b»r< bwn oo good.and J m m mmi why he abould hot be ehhlly aucoetsfal in Sasland. He is of the etonewaliing orderof fottmes, eertHPly. but there is w icesoo "to nppon that he is incapaUeof beaming mote eggceerive in bisfday, andomsequenUy afasterruuiretw- Added to the above we hare F. Walter, H. Tomer, M'Kenne, of Adelaide, Harrv, M 'Leod and Bounor to select ftonu The aerenth Anatrahan Eleven should, therefore. In by no means a weak one, and if Giffen "can be induced fo goal! will be well. - The final selection is not to fo made until after the match New Sooth Wales v. South Australia, which is to commence on the Atsueiation ground on Friday next. There was a little mild excifomrat at Boyle and Scott'a on Saturday evening last amongst the juaiora. owing to the fact that the laat draw to connection with the competition for that firm's cup took place. The three clabanow foft m are the Cobuitr, who are unbeaten, the Capulet and the Hawksburn. Themeat ques tion was who was to get the bye? Whicli club van to qnteliy wait on their oars while the other two engaged in a U niggle, the winner of which would be the firet or second trophy takers. Coburg, who : are a remarkably good team, are to have the pleasure of seeing Rawkeburu and Capulet have a go at each other, at the end of which match they will be pr|tared to tackie the winners. . Serine thab Coburg liavApot been beaten yet, an4.imistbe twice before they can lose their chance of securing Mr-sere Boyle and Scott's Cup, t am incliued tn piump for tbeniss thefintil holders of that much'priz'-d trophy- Capulet and Hawks- burn plav at Cnilingivood, and the match is likely tube wcll-conlested and exciting. A nif-st, interesting and exciting game is being played at North Melbourne between the local foam and the Jolimontrrs. I/afc Satur day week he visitor put together 133 in their fir-t inniug. and had fo«»red six of j (lis Nortii MelbourniLrii for 33 only. But notiritliFfeanding that poor result of tiieir eff-irt with the bat there Were not a few snp- p ;rter ol the home team who were sanguine cnosgh to oelievc that the last four men were good enough to make the 102 runs still re quired to enable them to head the visitors' total. Saturday last, however, saw the wicket in a soddened state from the shower that fell the night licfore, and whatever chance they might have had under favorable ciicuuistance of making ihe&e; run, . they had quite a hoppfoss ta«k with the bowlrr able to make the ball utmost do what they liked. Whifo, however, ihev could not hrpe to do tnnch in ihp way of timgetting, tliey p)yed all tli<-y knew tn Five the follow-oit, and they — thftiike ni'tnly to the stand made by Houstia and John Hotv- lctt— succeeded. The firet-named player showed much steadiness-ill hi play, though the bowl ing was muet difficult to ucg-itiote safely. 3Ks Fc.re of 25 was a most valuable contribution, but only one of the many service he has done tire Northerners. Howfott carried out hi list for 12 : ntioiher good per- forxuance. ihe<olftl of the inning wa 73. With a lead of just GO iuii«the Jolimdnters went to the wickeia a second tiiniMng<eidpirits, but it was not long before tiinseepivit were veiy nuich 'oii the droop." Threeof their wicket were down for six runs only, M'Aliieter, HryKlAle and llarrj' being ih» victims, ft trio that do not often retire aifor having made but two runs between them. Harry and Drysdale. in getting a couple of 44 duck," have hud for them a somewhat novej experience. Worrell, however, hit hard for 17, Rtidsodid Lewi for Iff, mid M'Given enrried out his bat for 13. By their aid the total was taken tu 70, wlien the visitors closed their iuiilng6 to allow the Northerner en up|iorw- mtv of having a go«»n the had irickets. The .7 >hmontere had tiien lost eight wick-t. Twenty-nine for two men out is the re6nlt of the home team1 effort"— by no means i a lad «art. coniid"rii<g that t hey have to make 131 only to win the match. Spnrke plaved very well indeed f >r 1G ( nut uut),liis hatting being of a lively order. Leiclier, iu sending uoivn 1G6 balls for 1«S run, and captuni/g four ivieket.", must be held to have tiundfod |-1endiulv. Ttu» fielding of both sides was first-rate, John H-iwJett nwde n spfondi'I on handed cntch ill the long-field timt ilisposeil of Mus- grove, tul Ipsii dietingnishcd liimell by catcbiiig M(Alliatr beautifully m the slip, the ball going to him like lightning, lioaii, tour for 27 : and C«r)ton, four fur 3u, howh-d wi-!. Nuith Melbourne Imvp now to make 3p2 run to win, aud if the WHKther be fine 1 aiu inclined t) think they will just afomt doit. At any rati, a mm-t in terfiling finish should take plaa tl'Xt Sntur- dnv. I tnuet notoinit to any iliat jxrhapR the cluef feature of the match Iihs been the wicket keeping of Fox for the home team. He was. very brilliant all through. On a fast and true wicket the WilliamRtown- iteswoula have hud their work cut out for th"iu to make the total of two hundred and : seventy-six set them by the Port Melbourne felloiVe, but when on Saturday last they found the wicket on the ground of the l.iHWmnied cluii tlmroughly soaked, especially at one end. tliev at once, so to speak, gave up the ghost. And reaUv they are entitled to sympathy lor having to make their run" under such unfavorable condi tions, Aud nil along of a mistake nn the curnror'a part. Tliat individual, J hear, turned on a tap the eveuicg before and forgot ull about it until it wn« ln > late to pr<>venc R"iious damage to the pitch, which had no chance of drying owing to the absence of wind and iuu. It was a i>o<>r consolMion to the visitors to let them kmnv that nu unfortunate mistake had been made, aud a little indignation on their part can be easily pnrdjin d. I am Mire »ny friend Kellelu-r will see that such a mistake does nm uocur nciin, for tlmy bard4v tend toward inaiutsudiig the good feeling that sluuhl 1 exist amongst th" player of the two clulis. But fo the play — well the first innings 1 of the visitors realised a total of 71. Only a solitary double-figure scorer was thereim-ougut tiiem, and that wa Mvcroft with In making thein he showed nndutibfod sicill, playing a plucky steady innings with out making a mistake. K. M'Lend and Tesire were the detro>ing Agents, thq (firmer captunoc five wickets for 44 run, while tb« latfor, wjtn thue t«-rTiblu undereanuer, took four wickets fur 30 run. If the Wil- liamsrownbes made tut littln headway at their first attempt, what shall I say niwhjt their sHcnnd. I will content mynelf by .-aynig that the board showed 39 runs to their credit when tliey had exhausted their list of Dntcmen. Warren, (17), did most of the run-getting. O. M'Leod, five wickets for 39 runs : Te"tro. one for no runs: and K. M'Leod, one for 1, played sad havoc with their opponents whom tliey beat in one inning and JGG runs to spare. Mavu<\- in both inmng,with Grubbin the Hocond inuingaot the losers, were conspicuous by their ale-ence. The wicket at, Fit7xoy was nothing like in >uch good batting condition last Saturday a during the previous week, so the Melbourne men had by no means so rosy a time when they continued their inning. Having mode 253 runs for the Inns of five wicket tliey wore soon all out for 290, thua the last- five men put on but 32 ruu. Swift increapd his score to 22, but J'.-irfoon and M'Kirdy proved too pood for D. MTlwraitlq Truiiibl", Shee and Cohen, who made but 19 runs between them. With H. Trutnble opposed to iht-m tlie hiirpc team fuund run-gwtting ;ihiio«t an im- possifolit) ,and wicket nffcrr wicket fell to the deliveries of the tall 3'oung Mribuurnite. He must have thoroughly enjoyed himself on the trervoherous turf. Nine (or 39 ws Iris average, and no one X am sure would have begrudged him the 10th wicket bad he been fortunate enough to capture it. Moye played stubbornly for 15 not out, but 9 wa the next highest soore, owing to the effective batting of T. Hayes, who hit the Mvlbouine%trundh-r About to the tune of 29 (not out).a And, n Ueual, when the veteran Fitwoyite makes runs, they were got by very attractive ploy. The home team have yet to make 131 runs to save a single inning's defeat. St Hilda Io»k all over winners in thrircon- test ogaiuFt University, for the last-named team have bus two more wickets to full, while tliey have 76 more runs to get. It would be a good ' wiu could they succeed in so domg, but fiiethink the task is a bit too heavy tor thetn, Kach side com pleted an innings on Saturday week, and last Satnrdav neayly saw the finish. All sop RO, Quirk 19. IL MLsfm 12, were the double figure scorers who succumbed, but Tabst 15 (not out) and Henry 8 (not out) are tbp batsmen ou whom so tnucb depends. The Uijiyersily total in lOS'for eight wickets, and South, fire for 35 runs got most of them. St. Kilda made Imt 104 id their 'aecond essay with the bit, E. Kcogb 41, Wilson In, Smith 30. and Hunt 11, bitting well. K>ogh especially di-hgtitcd the onlooker by his vigorous batting. Next Saturday the match will be concluded. Kssendon have yet a chance of lowering the colon of the Carlton, but if they do net hape better with the bat than At their first try they will stand a poor chance of making 177 runs, the number they now want pi enable them to pull the watch off. When Carlton had put uo 122 and Easendon bad lost 5wicksts lor 77 run, the latter team had a good show of getting the lead. The wicket however, told against them on Saturdaj,awho did Hlie injury Greenwood received, for I notice he had to put up with going in last to resume his innings, and then be was by do moans at home. 96 the visitois got. M'Lennan, who works as hard in the field a off, occupying the pride ot place with 25 made in good style. Kichards again proved useful for Carlton as a bowler raiiiMpliiMd enmAfflf ft run to « knade « 3f miigh be|fcdtdownl4biffi; nd ssttreril I jwn I . Criitpp put tip 15ft wk roo, «4,f til»y«8_ niMy fcf Tw, ; "id e A. wdr tuckni up bjjSibbHdi. 33. Bruwnioe. 14, and T. IMqr uiavjiln, IS ad. Tandy, SIX wick»t. for 44 runs, discainied bothBlowrifisld don ml mike their pttnE&to; xr>P the raateli on Bmrtlny wnti .. u M- r - The niftvdi South Am trelUy. New "South" Wftlrs wilt commence on Friday next on Ae Asaooifttion ground. Tbn will be the first rime a team from the first-named colony has been seen in Sydney, consequently more than ordinary interest is being mani fested in the game. While the Adelaide men are not represented by their full strength, Jarrii being absent from their rank, it i more than probable the New South Welshmen null not be nearly as strong as they might be. Turner will be unable to play, and Bouuor won't. For travelling from Adelaide to Sydney Geo. Giffen and his con frere deserve a win, and it looks as if tbey will be just about good enough to secure one. Fort Melbourne second eleven beat Wil liams town second with seven wicketa to spare. Score : — Willi amstuwn, 127 and 20 ; Fort, 181, and 18 for three wickets. Rowel, for Port Melbourne, todk 8 wickets for II run in the WiUiamstown's second innings. East Melbourne second beat North Mel bourne second by an inning and 65 runs. Score : East, 228; North, 124 and 39. Bean 41 (not out) plaved well in the latter team's first inning. Greer, six wickets for 32, and 6 for 19 ; and Flynu, 4 for 10 runs, did all the bowling for the winners. Melbourne second proved altogether too good for the Furroy second, whom they beat by an nnings and 177 run. Scores : — Mel bourne. 386 : Kittlty, 140 and 69. > Another Melbourne eleven went to Brighton Beach, where they tackled the eea-siden, the result of the afternoon's play being a very even draw. Brighton made 5 for the loss of seven wickets, and they had but to make 13 more t j top the Melbourne score of GS. Black- ham and Thompson for Brighton, and Loogh- nan, Langmore, and Raleigh for Melbourne, bowled well. Playing for RC.C. against the Brighton second, Cotter took eight wickets for 20 run. The scores were:— M.C.C., U9; Brighton, 44. A Fitzroy t«am dismissed the Ki w Asylum eleven for 26, the vitowrs making 57 and 73. Park, fo.ir wickets fo. 6 run, and Cantwell, four for 11 runs, did the execuviou for the winner. Cobttrg beat the Richmond Juniors by 260 run. Scores : Coburg, 158 and 210 ; Rich mood Junicre, 00 and 10S. A Sandhurst ream is now in Tasmania, and on Friday last th-y played their first match, tlirir opponents being thPerth eleven, who made but 24, Croouie 13, alone getting into double iiguioe, Sandhurst ran up atotiu of 102. A. Mncksy 30, NuLle 21, being the pruicipu! Hcorer. lhcn Perth went.in again, and got 75 for eight vricket- down. Junk nine wickete for 15 runs, and Mackar, five for 9 rune, were altogether too good tor the Perth batsmen. The visitors wou on tbe first in- niiigM by 7S run. Lrsl Monday the South Melbourne ground wa the scene of one ot the most exciting mutches yet played thsre, when a team from the club lisd for their upponento a strong eleven selected from the caretakers and pro fessionals. The last-uanied alwayA put a strong lot into the field, and always take some beating. In the match undi r notice they pot nu a total of 222, thanks to the fine batting of Harry and FJynn, who scored 67 and Gl respectively, and Marshall (not out), 32, and Phillips 25. also did good work with the bat. South responded with 224, tbe last couple of runs being made amidst great excitement, just betors the time for ceasing play arrived. Troit 49, Graham 35, Low 27, J. E. Barrett 24, M'Leod 18. Chiun 16, and A Graham 15, mid Madden 37 (not out),, all lent able assist ance toward securing a win for tne club. E. A. Barrett, four wicket®, and Marshall, five wickets, were the most successful trundler. The game was a most enjoyable one, and the display of cricket remarkably good. Messrs 35oyle nnd Scott have kindly for- WArritri me a copy of XVkden'a Cricket Almanac fur 1890. It is the 27th edition, and the Guide is generally recognised a the most \ nltiohlc and most interesting that ha been publMva. It is replete with information concerning the frame, and'those who play it u hich cannot fail to make it thoroughly appreciated by nil lovers of our national game. Welhexecutcd photographs of the mo foaming ICnglii-li batsmen of last season appear on almost the first- page. County cricket 15 fully dealt with, and, indeed, ail important insiclies played in K'gtnnd. The meeting of the County Cricket CUunnil is also specially referred to. The English team in Africa, and the t-our of the Piiiladriphisns in Ifngland also recivrs attention, and a lot of other interesting and reliable information is contained therein. Altogether the book is one that6liould be cagsrly sought after by all who want a valuable cricket work. It can be had from Messrs IJovle and Scott, post free, for tiie rma1. euni of Is. Gd. 