III! — — fo—1 , ,m fwrmsims. iaaiiltHl till is now the lion in Paris. Hs earns a handsome isooms by rac ing off Oil ground for Fttneb duelists, Ths wes small boy is full ot ton. Ha hozrifioshiasiittn: Bnl when their banns at all |ona bona, He goat to sleep with iiliatara I " Wa in what an etl," says is artiele in health journal. What would 70a oaU n mas, then, no indulges in pork? Tint lame woman who naked if syntax WM a duty on wicksdnesi, wanta to know il tan color is the complexion eta spanked baby. Hazy had a little hoop. She tripped it o'er the lawn 900 times, and than aha pot Her angel pi am age on 1 Thr longer a man rani tha mora he re dooaa hi weights The longer a bill rana the more it increases the creditor's wait. Tee Sshool for Journalism ia prospering. The principal study ia " domestic economy," we presume. He. Jutm i " How did yonr wife eome to bay such a cheap hat, Wiakwirs ?" "Wick- wire: " I told, her that it waa too young for bartaoa." A (willow-toil ooat bu? bajast the proper thing tor a bridegroom at a fashionable wed ding, bat tor an aiopemtnt them ia nothing liks a eat-away. Has, StBucmr (who reoantiy antrrtaiced a count) : "Have yon ever had any foreign nobleman aa ghosts?" Mrs. Hanorbora (quietly) : "No ; only as nrrsnts. Bbidb: "George, dear, when we ranch town lot ne try to avoid leaving the impres sion that via are married." " All tight, Mande ; yon can log this valise." Una. L.'(on tha daek d Atlintio liner) : " Bolus, have the children eome np yet I" Bolne (who la Caring a bard time) : " N >, bat they An the only things of mine that haven't." Eldest bos ooQuaiuaa wmow: "And this, baron, is a portrait ol me when I was a girl." Btroh : "Ob, indeed I And by one ol the old masters, I presume." " Watt is the matter, my man? Why do yon look so sad?' " I have loat my wile." " No wonder yen look aad," " Besides tbst, I have also married another." " leu map is as brave a fallow aa 1 ever met. Why, only last week ho met his tailor, to whom he owes a cool hundred, and, by Jove, he cut him—yes, sir— ant him dead." 4mt Keztib (severely) : " So you're going to try the esperimrnt of reforming young Solely after marriage. Is he worth reform ing t" Kiltie (teaifallly) : " Well, tit's worth a million." Sxxrxio : " Did yon ever know two doetore to agree?" Medical student (aftrr nflvc- tioo) : "Y-e-s; once." Skcptie : " Wbc-re waa it?" Medical student; "At a pest, mortem." Has. Hooos (a traveller) : "You'd shlop ebcarin me kid wid tbim monkey face, 'r Oi'ilfaiTsyrspatsff th'csrl" Mr. Fuurtta (a commuter): "Pardon me, madam, bil 1 have a cinder in my eye." Bkesib : "I met Mas Shapely ont ebrp- ping to-day, and I never before realised what load voice abe haa." Jennie: " Dot yea mart remember, my dear, that rhe was ask ing lor a pair of No. 2 shoes." " Still tha loveliest ol women, Ciera." " I wish yon wouldn't pay me those toolrah compliments. I was never pr< tty nor charm ing." " Still yon will admit that yon are re markably well preserved." " Yes, mum, yonr husband's in there throwing dice lor beer with Itcvereud Father UacMoriarty ; 1 told bim yon wanted to ax him, en' be said Icr you to go boms an' not be breakin' op a church oonferecce 1" Undertaker : " What kind ol trimmings will you bava on tha casket ?" - Widow : "None whatever. A plain cs.Vct. It wae trimmina that ltilfod him " nt-,atrrtnkitr ? "What?" Widow: "Tee. Delirium (rim mine." Hi Wctomus : " I aay, there, I want y or money. And be quick aboot It. for I've 31 » a pistol in my) bands I" dike Cohen; ''I tells yon VOt, Irieodt; you si lis me dot pis I ol, und I gif you a brieo dot vill make your ryes stick oud i" Mne Glsots II n£iO ; " It's not tor rny property you love me,, is it, G-rorge 1 You lovo me for royet It sloce?" Mr. Hermeri: : "Yes, darling." Miss Gisdys llerbean ; "For my real worth? ' Mr. Herman : " Yes, dear; real and personal." Said be, " I wish iliat I could go Far from this Summer's heat. To some far land of roe sod enow To eeek a cool retreat." " Yonr wlah may be fulfilled," said ebe "Moch easier tbao yen deem ; II cool re-treat is all you eeek, Buy me some mora ice cream," "Wet. how is this, my dear eirl in- quired the dootor; "yon sent me a letter stating that yon hsd been attacked by small pox, and I find yon enduring from rheums- tiaml" "Weil, you ess, doctor, it's like this," - said the patient ; " there wasn't a tool in tha home that knew how to spell rheumatism." A little boy ot three years, whose mother played the organ in the church, and who wai obliged to be left to the care ol others, waa asked one Bnnday morning what, hie kitten waa crying ao piteonaly for, " I don't know," said he, in tearful tines, " hot I 'spec! tha old eat has gone to chnreh." A inna girl ont visiting was given the album ol family photographs to look at while the hostess attended to other aBairr. " Wei), dear," aeked the latter on returning, " did you look at ibo album?" " Ob, yea," an swered the little maid brightly; "and we've got one 'zaotly like it, only tha pictures are prettier." A BERsauit walked Into court with an enormous bludgeon on his arm. Judge; "What have yon brought that Modgaon hue for 7" Defendant : "I wae told in tha enmmone your lordship, to eome provided with my means of defense. 1 first thought ot bring ing my axe, bat tht» I fancied this would do." Has. Sotnma : "I saw Bridget Ann in the atrate to-day. Sural! nade ot a Solomon to tell she's your daughter I" Mrs. GoathiU : " They da say she's the very pister ol me." Mrs. Squatter : "And true tor 'cm 1 But what need ys care 0 long ai the poor thins has her health f" "Yobbo xu," arid tha long-haired pas senger to the occupant ot tha aeat ahead, " do yon know that I've never spent a foil- - ling for liquor in my whole life 7" "Beally?" , responded the young man, tnrnlng ball-way round, with a look of groat interest on his j . faoe; " how do yon work it?" | r/v "Ann how an ye iaiUn' tar day. Mr. I OBaffertyf" " I invar felt ao poorly ia all me life. I'm too poor to boy Ibis asnissiiiia of life. If I had millions it's Ireryeint av it that rd give to be a rich man." I'mwidyt, Mr. OTtafferty. If lownedfoe whokwuiU Td ha w3Un' tor give It Away for 1 little piece o! land an' a eabinthat I oonld sail ma own." Punnxnai (serenely) : " Them vim a young gentleman with yon in the parlor last sight?" ' Sweet girl (gently : "Tee, pa — Mr. Bsayei." "And it waa attarobvan baton bo want home, IHee. rd like to know what kept him ao late!" "Wrii, pa, yon looked so angrily at me when you earns in and saw him that I guess he thought I needed pro. teeter and so bs stayed oatU ha thought yew waaoriaap," f«|t 