GrBiosts, WatcSacs, aaadl Sfinng uieii. How PnOVIDENOE HAS InTEUFERED AT various Legal Executions. Reviving an Innocent Girl who was Duly Hanged.— Tho Trap Rofusos to Work Off a Doubtful Case. — Strango Experi ence of a Man who was Twico Hanged. Tiie Hammorsmith ghost was quite a celebrated character at tho coramoncomont of tho present contury, and tho court rocords of 1804 contain quite a good description of him. F,-r months a tall whito figuro haunted tho lanos and churchyard of Ham mersmith, now a London suburb, but then a ^ countiy town. Women wore literally frightoncd to death, aud mauy men developed a spood ia escaping from the phantom which thoy had not . flattorod thomsolvos upon possessing. An auti-ghost league was formed, and all tho ablo- bodied mon in tho neighbour hood took part in a vigorous, not to say viojous, hunt for . tho causo' of tho; alarm. This vigilance .committee wan unsuccessful, ; for, although.its- ^ uieiubors caught a glimpse j of tho^phantoih; \it ^appeared; to .havo ?, tho I powbxv of.:.vanishingCat \wili; 'aiid . no trap could catch it/ .Finally the - wife of one Francis Smith was crossing tho churchyard j at dusk, when tho ghost appoarod and chased hor homo. Tho poor woman was coinplotoly ovorcomo with fright, gavo premature birth to a child, and oxpirod. Smith smarted for rovengo, aud, takiug his shotgun, went out iuto tho night to lay tho ghost. ^ By this time it was vory dark, but Smith could discern something whito moving across tho churehynrd. Without delay ho fired, and found to his horror hojjiad shot a neighbour who was wearing a whito dust coat. Smith was arrostod, convicted, and soutoncod to doath, but was uot oxecutod, and was soon roioasod from prison. Among tho many cases on vocord iu whioh allogod witchos havo beon condemned to doath, thero aro fow in which any bona-fido ovidenco was brought forward aguiust tho , miserable wrotches, whoso doom was soaled | boforo their arrest. But cho official rocords I of tho trial of two widows at Bury St. I Edmunds, iu 1662, !spoak of ovidenco of a most romarkable kind. Thus whoa three of tho complaining witnesses camo to court to swear information, thoy fell down in fits, and aftor screaming woro struck dumb and remained so until conviction, when thoy immodiatoly rocovored tho power to speak. The evidence of tho trial was vory longthy, and the amount of corroboration was quito tedious. Pains, aches, and othor troubles wore spoken to, and tho Chief Justico, who seems to have boon a humnno man, dooided to put the prisoners to tho tost in court. Tho rovelations wero so extraordinary that tlio jury convicted tho prisoners, who woro duly oxecutod, 'whoroupon tlio sundry and divers persons who had boon bowituhed and troubled did regain thoir wontod vigor, and so remainod until their death by natural and proper causes.' In tbo year 1750 a young woman namod Aunio Groon was tried at Oxford for tho murder of hor child. The evidence was vory unsatisfactory, and many bolievod iu tho innoconoe of tho girl. But she was couvictcd, sentenced to bo hanged, and duly oxecuted. Aftor hanging half an hour tho body was cut down, placed in a coffin, and sont to a house to be dissoctod* Although the rope had not beon removed, and tho noose was still tight, those who oponod tho coffin obsorvod a movoinont of tho womau'e breast, ' whoroupon ono Mason, a taylor, intouging only an act of charity, sot his foot upon hor, aud ouo Orum, a soldier struck her with the butt-oud of his muskot* ' But whon tho doctors camo thoy found lifo still oxisted, and proceeded to afloat stops to securo hor rccovcry, ' by opening a voin, , laying her iu a warm Jbed, and also using divor6 remedies respecting hor sonselessnoss, iusomuoh that within fourteen hours sho began to pray vory heartilj'. ' This revival was regardod by tho peoplo as an inter position of Providence on bohalf of ,tho innocent. But tho liangmon was loss super stitious, and domandod the girl so that ho might 'complete hor execution on her.' Tho doctors refused to comply witli tho request, socuvod a formrtl pardon for -the young woman, who married, aud livod happily for many years. Early in the eighteenth contury a man named Smith was convictod at the York Assizos of housebroakiug and soutoncod, with many olhovs, to bo hanged. The evidence against tho accused was vory unsatisfactory, and would not have secured his detention for au hour in this moro onlightened and merciful ago. Smith was promisod a commutation if ho would coufess, but he contiuuod to protest his innocence Ho was hanged for fiftoon minutes, when ho was cut down. Ho soon recovered, ' iu cousoquonce of blooding and othor applications, ' and livod several years. His account of his glimpso iuto eternity is thus reported by roputable oyo and oar witnesses: — ' Whon ho was turned off ho for some timo was sensible of very groat pain, occasioned by the weight of bis body, aud folt his spirit in a strango commotion, violently pressing upwards; that having thoir way to his head ho, as it were, saw a groat blazo or glaring light, which seems to go out at his eyes with a Hash, and thon he lost all | sense of pain. That after ho was cut down, I and began to como to himself, the blood and ' spirits, forcing thomsolvos into their former channels, put him by a sort of prickiug or I shooting to such intolerable pain that he | could have wished those hanged who had cut him down. ' , TTnfortunatoly for tho pointing of a moral, I Smith's familiarity with the gallows sooms to hare been contempt for it, for ho sub sequently went astray, was caught in tho act, and handed over to the hangman. ' Half-hanged Smith, ' as ho was called, did not on this occasion suffer from a return of thoso revival pains ho so vividly doscribed. ? Those who have no belief in modern' miraolos and are scoptical as to remarkable exercises of Providontial aid may say these casos aro all old, and that much that is. supernatural in them may bo accounted for by tho superstition of tho ages and by tho | inaccuracy of records. But there was a case at Bristol, during the presont decado, in which there can bo no possible inaccuracy of record, for tho facts wore fully roportod iu all the leading journals, aud woro discussed in Parliamont at tho timo. An oldorly lady was found dond in her bed, and hor butlor, a man namod Loo, was arrosted for tho crime. Thoro seemod littlo evidence against the man, oxcept his prosonce in tho houso at tho timo, and tho roporfc of His conviction and sentence was rocoivod with somo surprise. Tho scaffold was eroctod by tho professional hangmun who testod it and found it to work all' right. Loo was led up- tho steps, pro testing his innocence to tho last. Tho hdng mon pulled back tho bolt, but tho trap did not fall. Surprised and annoyed, ho stamped on it with 094} ^pot, hut it still rosistod. Finally tho bolt was replaced and tho miaor ablo Leo led to ouo sido. On investigation nothing was found wrong, and indeed tho trap fell of its own weight. Again it was adjusted and Loo placed on it, but again it rofusod to act. A suporstitious awe took possession of tho assembled spectators, which was iacroased whon tho hangman tried for tho third time to cnmplote his task. Six deputies etampod simultaneously on tho trap- door which rosistod all offorts, aud, aftor ovor au hour's delay, tho shoriff ordered tho prisonor hack to his coll, aud telegraphed to tho Homo Socretary for in structions. The case was discussed in Par liament, and it was docidod that as Loe could not ho hanged ho. should bo imprisoned for life - instead. Loo, attributed his escape to Providence, * and - when': three yearsV ago a tramp oonfossod to having 'committed- the' murder, and disclosed ?vs.whoro tho widow's vftluabloa'h'ad bboii'co'nceiiled.'puH endorsed his - at - r first: ^ridiculed. a3snrtions, esperially - as tho rohellious^lr^p-doo'r was subsoquontly - used\oti^ ^ thb^nctuuV.initvderer with marked success. ' ' f . ' 