Tales and Sketches FOR MONEY OR FOR LOVE. BY MONA CAIRD, [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER II.-(Continued.) When they reached the house, they found that everyone had returned to the drawing room. " I have juat rescued Mr. Thainston from a horrible cold," cried Min Tapley. "I oan aee, by that white chilled look be haa, that he has had a narrow escape." " It ia worth while having a cold in order to get dosed with your delightful black- currant mash-what is it you call it ?" said Pember, in order to draw attention from his friend. " What has been going on in our absence ?" "I have been trying," said Clara Tapley, " to persuade Mr. Douglas to finish a story ne was telling mo at dinner about that old tree that grows beside the castle-wall on the river- side. " " You mean the Dale-tree," said Dongles, beading towards her, "The tradition goes that some fellow who was running away with the wife of one of the Douglases out of the window of the room up there whloh we call the grief- ohainber, banged himself upon that tree because the lady fell and waa killed aa they «ere escaping From that cornea the name Dale or (irief Tree." " Then the room you call the Dole Chamber is the one from whioh the elopement took place ?" said Thainston. " Yes, it ts the oldeBt part of, the house, which we do not inhabit." " If you are fond of ghastly stories, Misa Tapley," Stewart Pember put In, " that room would keep you supplied for a thousand and one nights, and ourdie your blood and play the ' fretful poronpine ' with your hair to your heart's oontent. Old Buchanan waa regaling me with some this afternoon." " Oh, that delightful old butler ; I must make love to him, and get him to tell his stories to me. But, Mr. Douglas, won't you give us some ; Ah I do now." Douglas flushed at her pleading. " Story-telling ÍB not exactly in my line," he said, " but I will do my best. There seems to be a sort of colony of ghosts io the Dole Chamber, if we are to believe all we hear-and. every person who steen there is said to be faned next moraine; dead In hts bed, or mad. The last incident or record ls the disappearance of my namesake, John Doug- las, some time in the last century. He slept in the room, and in the morning wu nowhere to be seen, and from that day to this his fate remainB a mystery." " I suppose hs got out of the window or np the chimney," said Stewart Pember. "No, because the chimney had been covered with an iron grating, and the windows wen fastened in such a way as to prove that they bad not been opened during the night ; they could not be fastened again from outside." "Then how do you account for the disarmer '-noe ?" asked the bridegroom. "We jooount for it by murder, Mr. Thainston," said Mn Jardine. "Nothing more or less romantic than that." "Oh I that's quite enough to please me, I assure you," he returned. "In olden times." Mrs. Jardine punned, " it was thought, at leaat very natural, if not exactly right, to out the throat of your unole, or your cousin, who was sc nnoourteons as to stand in the way of succession. My notion is that suoh crimes wen really at the bottom of half the gruesome ghost stories conoeoted with the ream. It is noticeable, at any rate, that tht se grow fewer as we draw near to more civilised times." " No doubt, no doubt," said Douglas ; " a mere question of murder-sod so firmly am I convinced of it that I wouldn't mind sleeping in that room, ghosts, clanking chains and blue lights notwithstanding." The Misses Tapley, aunt and niece, broke into a fit of screaming. " I fear yon nally believe in ghosts," said Thainston ; " a terrible weakness to have to confess to at the end of the nineteenth century," " I think I might cure Miss Clara's terrible weakness," said Douglas, confidently. " What should yon say if I undertook the feat of my ancestors-to sleep in the Dale Chamber and to disappear next morning, leaving the windows fastened as they are at present, and allowing myself to be locked in from outside -of course being left quite alone and not sought for till the breakfast hour on the following day ?" " I ehould say that you wen the bravest man I ever met," answered Clara, with feeling. John coloured, and a lock of pleasure came into his face. "Not much chan oe of your wife's succeed- ing to the property, methinks," Pember muttered into Thainton'a esr. " Evelyn, will you have the Dule-ohamber prepared for me to-night ?" said her brother. Mrs. Jardine gave a visible start. " Nonsense, John ; don't be so ridioulouB 1" she exolatmed sharply. "How is it ridioulons, Mrs. Jardinet" Thainston enquired. " We shall think you want to get rid of Mr. Douglas 1" oried Miss Tapley wttb rending laughter ; " that damp old room ia enough to kilt him without the help of ghosts or goblins." " Yes, it is a most suspicious circumstance that Mr. Thainston urges Douglas to risk the horton of blue fire and headlong phantoms," put in a jocular youth of unbelieving tendencies. The othen laughed, and Miss Jardine was hoping that the proposal would be forgotten and the conversation led into other channels, when Douglas, whose obstlnaoy had been roused by her unceremonious opposition, began again to nrge his elster to give orden for the preparation of che room. " I am really set upon it," he said, " A Douglas to the backbone," cried Mn. Jardine impatiently. " If he says he will do a thing he will do it, right or wrong, though he dies for it 1" "1 can assure you I hsvo no notion of dying for it tn thia case," said Dooglas. " I want to prove to you all that ghosts respect bone and muBole, and allow unbelievers to go unmolested : also that mysterious disappear- ances can be effected without the aid of spirits. I shall return to-morrow evening In time to dress for dinner, neither madder nor sorrier than you soe me at thia moment." There waa no gainsaying him. The order was given, and alter the lapse of sufficient time to allow cf itt being carried out, Douglas led the whole party to examine the room for themselves before locking him in for the night. They streamed across the hall, talking and laughing, the host on ahead holding aloft a quaint old lamp to light them up the wiudiug staircase that was situated, after a frequent fashion in old Scottish houses, in a small round tower. There WSB a slight hush, snd one could hear the rustle of silk and the murmur cf low talk, aa the gay procession wound upwarda and passed into the chill of uninhabited regions, lighted solely by tbat one small oil-lamp carried by the leader. " Here we are," he said, stopping before a door that opened directly upon the staircase. Tbe key was in the lock ; Douglas turned the handle aud entered the room, the others crowding in after him In exoited eilenoe. It was large and bare : so muoh so that tbe fire burning at thc farther end in the great fire- place seemed quite unable to enliven its oheerlesB gloom. " I would not past the night here for a kingdom I" cried Clan Tapley. All the girls clung nervously together in groups, trying to fancy themselves unaffected by the stories thev had heard, while the men went about sound log the walls, peering Into oorners and reoetsss, and doing their best to discover some secret door or sliding panel by which Douglas's boast might be made good. But all in vain. Th« sceptical yoong nun suggested that there waa eome leoret ohamber one oould hide in and tb» impose opon the credulity of the «Imple. "Ton would be «imple Indeed if yon imagine me remaining for a whole day in a secret chamber with nothing to do or to eat," said Dooglas ; " besides, I told yon I should return in time for dinner to-morrow, and if the door is looked now ls that to be done, secret ohamber or no secret chamber !" "Perhaps It has a window you orald get out of}" "No," said Thalnston, "every window on that side of the castle ls accounted for." "Well, anyhow, I think we had better paste paper over the junction of the windows and the sashes in this room, so as to make sure he does not escape that way," suggested the soeptlc. His proposal was adopted, though every- one laughed at the precaution, seeing that the windows were two hundred feet from the ground. While this was being done, Douglas folio wed his brother-in-law tc the hearth, where he stood warming his hands and taking a searching survey of the fireplace and its surroundings. " You need not suppose I get up the chimney," said Douglas, "for there is a strong iron grating at the ton, put there we Imagine to prevent jackdaws Building on it." "I did not give you credit for such enterprise or agility," returned Thainston, "Have you discovered the secret, then? Don't let it out if you have and spoil the fun, I think I had better explain the whole thing to you, especially as you seem tc have your suapicions already, There is always a possibility of being taken Ul, and I believe not a human being except myself knows the secret. In case of any such mishap, yon see, it ie just on the cards that I might never be found." The next words were spoken in a lower tone, though the noise going on in the other part of the room rendered snob pre- caution unnecessary, A louder burst of talk snd laughter made Douglas instinctively raise bis voice again. " After Buchanan locks the front door to-night, take care to unlock it secretly ; I ehall sleep in my own room as usual after I make my escape, and get away again before anyone ia up. I have business in Glasgow and shall be glad of the day's holiday from my duties as host. I will leave yon to take my place till dinner-time. What's the matter? You look as If you had seen a ghost ?" Douglas followed thedireotion of Thaine ton's eyes, which were fixed strangely on vacancy. " No ghost, I assure you," he said, pulling himself together with rather a ghastly smile. . " I was looking at the moonlight on the cirole of mist that rises from the moat." " Yes, curious effeot, isn't it ?" said Douglas. " Oh 1 by the way, don't let them eit up smoking very late to-night, or I may be seen coming in," Thainston nodded, and the two men walked over to join the rest of the party, " Are yon not satisfied yet ?" asked Douglas. " Qu|te satisfied ; we can find nothing ;" waa thMunanimouB reply. "Thin I think you had better turn out. Some one in the presence of you all can lock me in, and Thainston will take charge of the key." tn a minute the room waa cleared, and the ceremony cf looking-in waa duly performed. Thainston refused to take the key, saying it should be left in their joint oharge, and might be placed in an oak cabinet in the hall, and there sealed up, in case old Buchanan, the butler, or anyone else should turn accomplice. The key, therefore was solemnly laid in one of the drawers of the cabinet, which was sealed with due care aa Thainston had proposed, " Now," said Evelyn, " I suppose you ill regulated men will insist upon your smoke as usual notwithstanding the late hour; but I think the reasonable portion of the company bad better retire at once." 80 saying she led the ladies upstairs, while her husband conducted the representatives of the 'ill regulated ' sex to the smoking-room. " It la far too hot for more than one oigar," he said, "we had better be fresh for our shooting to-morrow." Everyone agreed, and the amoking party separated at the end of about half an hour. " My dear," said Mrs. Jardine to Evelyn as they parted for the night, "I am anxious about John. What a stupid fellow he la 1 I wish to goodness be were safe in his own room," "Ohl it's all right," Evelyn replied. "I know all about it. Don't be alarmed." But she went off to her awn room vaguely disturbed by Mrs. Jardlne's words. Seeking her favourite haunt by the deep-set window, ehe looked out through the leaves of the Dule-tree upon the river. About a mile from the boose stood the ruins, whose position the moonlight rendered dimly vis ible by shining on the ring of mist above the moat. Evelyn gave a slight start ; a thought had atruok her. To set her mind quite at rest she would go down to the ruins and meet her brother, as he made hie escape from the underground passage I Gilbert would certainly not get away from the smoking-room for at least an hour, and there would be plenty of time to return before he did, so that her absence would cause no alarm. Flinging on a dark-ooloured cloak, she descended the etalroaae and crossed the hall, finding the front door unlooked. " Then he means to return to his own room to-night," she thought, "and be must have taken Buchanan into his confidence, though that seemed very unlikely-an old obatter-box like him 1" Then it struck her that her brother and her husband bad been conversing apart for some minutes in the Dole chamber, and she swiftly arrived at the conclusion that Gilbert and not the old butler had been let into the secret. A ehort walk through a woodland pathway brought her to the ruins, which she entered, crossing a rough arrange- ment of logs and planks that took the place of the drawbridge of ancient times. She descended first to a sort of ruined crypt, supposed to have been used as an underground chapel, for there were still remains of altars and placea for holy water. The moonlight waa shining through the broken-roof, revealing vistas of short, thick pillara, with arches interlacing, and throwing pall-like masses of gloom across the uneven floor. Evelyn paused betöre one particular arch, which she had evidently sought out, for it was reached after a rather bewildering journey thiough twisting passages and silent labyrinths, vaguely lighted through the ruined roof. It was almost choked with weeda, and near the entrance stood a large plant of hemlook, whose every blade and tinieat Sower stood out in the white light as if covered with a strong hoar-frost, livelyu waited here for some time, but finding it damp and chilly underground, she mounted by a flight of broken steps to the ramparts, whence she could still keep in sight the archway that she had come to watch. Selecting a sheltered nook among the ruined battlements, eho sat down and waited aa patiently us she could for ber brother to emerge from the subterranean passage, whose further end communicated, as she knew, with a secret staircase, built most cunningly in the thickness ol the twelve-foot wall, and leading to the Dule chamber of the oastle. The minutes passed, and the ellenoe re- mained unbroken, the weeds and grasses in the arohway still unmoved. Evelyn to began grow impatient. The night damps were stealing from the moat, that gleamed up with a white dull whiteness and eent a shiver to ber heart, for it looked to her-she knew not why-like a man's faoe. The stillness was - intense ; everything seemed to be suspended-waiting ; the air was thick with secrets. " Why does he not come ?" thought the impatient watcher. She tried to fancy that the tall hemlocks stirred in the arohway, but she knew that they stood motionless SB Death. Suddenly a sound made her start ; the sound cf a splash, as If a large stone or some heavy body had fallen into the moat on the northern aide. It waa not load ; there waa «ven something teeret and stealthy about it, something that made the hearer'a pulsea quicken with a sickening fear. Her finit thought was that, her brother, having emerged {rom the archway before her arrival, had met with eomeaooident and fallen into the moat. She started to her feet with the intention of hurrying to the spot, when ?he wat relieved to hear foottteps ooming from that direatlon. Evidently Douglas had either auooeeded lu getting out unassisted, or the splash had merely be caused by a stone rolling in. Shs hastened to the head of the flight of steps, and waited In the shadow of a ruined torrent for her brother to come in sight. A figure passed below almost immediately, and Evelyn was on the point of calling " John," when the man by some chance or instinct looked baok. The word died on her lips ; her heart gave a bound, and then stood still, for the face that the moonlight shone upon was not her brother's, but her hvglnnd't, CHAPKKR III. The first shock of surprise over, Evelyn's reason began to reassert itself and to explain what had at first appeared so bewildering an incident. Gilbert kuew thc secret as well as herself, and had no doubt come cn exactly the same errand. Perhaps, tired of waiting, he was now going home again without accomplishing his object. He must have dispersed the smoking party after an unusually short sitting, and hastened down to the ruin just beforo Evelyn had Bet ont on a similar journey. Then another thought struck her. John might long ago have erm r^cd from the passage, and returned to the house. She had been waiting here for nothing. If so-since her husband by this time had gone on too far to be easily over- taken-her only course now was to take a short out home in order to avoid being locked ont, for no one knew of her absenoc ; besides, the discovery of it might excite much alarm. Defying damp and darkness, Evelyn hastened homewards by a rough but quicker track, snd found, with a sign of relief, the hslldoor still unfastened. The hall was quite dark ; evidently every si>nl in the house had fone to bed. She groped ber way to her rather's room, wishing to make sure that ho bad returned, and to find cut whether he knew cf Gilbert's absence.* Her knock reoeiving no answer, she turned the handle, and entering found the room pitch- dark and untenanted. The discovery chilled ber. She must have mistaken her brother's intentions and had left him, after all, to issue un welcomed from the secret passage. Having lighted a candle she went on to her own room, and feeling by this time exhausted and drowsy she was glad to go to bed, though unable to sleep -From a vague anxiety on account of Gilbert's continued absence. He came in shortly afterwards, however, and seemed surprised to find his wife still awake. He had entered the room very softly, and appeared much startled when she burst into a laugh at his cautious movements. " Where have you been all this time ?" she asked, thinking to puzzle him by showing an unaccountable knowledge of his doings before confessing her own adventure. '?Where have I been?" he repeated, ?* why, where should I have been ?" " Where your duty called you-in the smoking-room. But what a time you have stayed P' " I know," he said, crossing from the fire to his dressing-room. " I could not get those men to clear out ; they have onty this moment gone upstairs, and of course it was impossible to come away before they did." With that he disappeared, leaving Evelyn with amazed eyes fixed upon the door, which he had closed behind bim. What did It mean ? Dad abo been dreaming all this about the ruins? Her head swam. No, she felt ns certain that she had really been there and seen her husband, and heard the splash, as that sbo was here in the flesh at this very moment. Why in heaven's name had Gilbert deceived her about it? His words returned to her memory with un- pleasant distinctness. " I oould not get those men to olear out ; they have only this moment gone upstairs and, of course, it was impossible to come away before they did." That waa clearly untrue ; for Evelyn had passed the open door of the smoking-room only a few minutes before, and the room was pitch dark ; and she had afterwards gone np the stairs without meeting a soul. Besides, had she not seen Gilbert at the ruins, with her own eyes, the moonlight full upon hie face ? If she had been mistaken in this she oould never trust the evidence cf her senses again. It was all very strange, and very disagreeable. The more she dwelt upon it the more unhappy and full of dread she became. She buried her face in the pillows in a wild, frightened effort to drown in physical movement some unbearable flashes of thought that began to throw a horrid light within her brain. " I have allowed the excitement to nnnerve me," abe told herself. "I am going off my head. Let me stop thinking and go to sleep ; perhapt io the morning I may be able to think more sanely." But these reasonings were of nc avail. She could not sleep, though some strong instinot made her feign uncon- sciousness when Gilbert entered. She dared not speak tc him just new ; her brain waa whirling madly, and she oould hear her heart beating strong and fsst, as she Isy perfectly still in the gloomy quietness of the night. The hours passed one by one. Evelyn counted each stroke of the old clock, that rang out solemnly aoross the courtyard. She never slept, though she felt ill with fatigue, and half dead with exhaustion and growing misery. AU night long she waged a battle with her thoughts-a fierce, terrible battle, that filled the darkness with unspeakable horror. The oalm morning sunshine that poured in through the leaves of the Tree of Sorrow brought little respite to her suffering. How should she pass the dragging hours of the day, longing for the evening, yet terrified lest it should bring a Worte pain even yet ? But she had to face the ordeal, and to face it, moreover, with smiles, and at least an attempt at ber usual cheerfulness. The beauty of I he morning served to calm in some measure her troubled thoughts, and she was amazed to find herself laughing and jesting with the others, almost as if nothing had happened. Kot even Mrs. Jardine noticed any sign nf tho night's fierce suffering. Of course the first thing to be done was to unlock the Dule-chamher, and see if Douglas bad made cood his boase. The key was removed from the cabinet and Evelyn fullowed the procession up the stair- case with a beating heart, having a faiutiiope that by some means her brother might have failed to unfasten the secret entrance to the staircase, and would bo found in ignominious safely where they had left him the night before. But the opening of the door crushed this po <r little hope at once. Evelyn stifled a cry of desperation. Every vestigo of colour left her checks as the bare empty room, with its undisturbed bed and lifeless fireplace, was disclosed in the full glare of daylight. Her eyeB wandered with a re-tless glance to her husband, »lia seemed brisker than ever this morning. She turned away with a siokening fear at her hoart, which she still refused to confess to herself, She hurried down the stairs, calliug to her friends to follow, and preseutly durir.g breakfast found herself engaged in an energetic argument with the sceptical young man. Mrs. Jardine watched her with a louk of anxiety, end once when Evelyn met her cousin's searching glance she nearly broke down, How «ho mauae,cd to get through the day sho scarcely knew ; perhaps her duties as hostess, which obliged her to appear more or less cheerful, prevented her from growing quite desparate. But when the dinner hour drew near, she was trembling eo much thal Mrs, Jardine insisted on sending for a ehawl. But Evelyn said ehe would go and dress for dinner at once, in order to receive-her voice faltered and Mis. Jardine finished the sentence for her, for one or two of the bystanders looked up at Evelyn's abrupt pause " Receive John whon he comes home. Very well, dear ; and mind you put on a warm dresB." Evelyn was Sn the hall long before there I WM any likelihood of her brother'« ntai^*^ che witched the dook with feverish anxiety t i the emt mlnnte bend eeemed to more with oreel deliberation | bat the hoar did at last arrive, and then the time went on too rapidly, for tbs absent one did not appear. The . j people began to assemble for dinner, and \r several of them asked if Mr. Douglas bad come io yet. " Not yet," said Evelyn, and in the depths ' '< of her heart a votos asid, "He will never come." They were obliged at last to begin dinner without him, and tbs meal pasaed off gloomily, in strange contrast to the vivacity of the previous night. Thainston, who eat in bis brother-in-law's plaoe at the foot of the table, made valiant efforts to overeóme the oppression, but for oooe bis attempt was nnsucoossful. Now and thea Evelyn's eyes would wonder hopelessly to the door ; she seemed to be listening for every sound, and once the barking of a dog made the colour rush into ber cheeks only to leave them whiter than bofore when Buchanan came baok to say that Mr. Douglas had not returned ; the dog had only barked at a trespasser crossing the courtyard. {To be conlinwtd.) 