WAUU1GUL WESLEYOJ CHUHCH. IN MEMORIAM SERVICE. At the Warragul Wesleyan Church on Suuday evening, as briefly reported in our last issue, the lie v. Henry Howard conducted an in memoriaui service as a token of respect to die late Rev. J. F. Ewing, who for the past three years was in charge of the Presbyterian Church, Toorak, and whoserecentdeath wasuuivcrsally deplored by every religious body in the colony. The rostrum was deeply draped in black, relieved by wivaths of choice white flowers, suspended from the gas standards, and a tastily arranged bouquet which stood out in bold relief upon the communion tabic. There was a crowded congregatiou present, and the service throughout was a very impressive ceremony. Itcommeuced with the singing of the hymn which opens with tlie liue "O Lord our help iu ages past," followed by prayer and the reading of passages of scripture appropriate to the solemn occasion. Taking as his text, 2 Samuel III. 38, "Know ye not that a Prince and a great man is fallen this day iu Israel," the reverend gentleman said : Although Ihavccbosen a text this evening, it is »ot with any purpose of exposition, but rather that 1 may make it the starting point of tiie few remarks I have to make with reference to thatpotentand unresting life, whose untimely close, has struck a pang through so many of our hearts and thrown ite shadow across our lives. The hand of God has been heavy upon us as a jeople. He has opened the grave in our ife's path, aud a princely leader of our Israel—the human-hearted man whom so many of us loved, who was so true, so gentle, and so brave, aud from whom we expected so much, in the years to come, has suddenly vanished from our side. In the midst of his years and in the thick of his work, the Lord of the vineyard has recalled him, changing his countenance and taking him away. All too soon, as it seems to us. there has come to him the rest that remains for the people of God, while to us, who linger a little longer in the field, there remains the awful blank which God alone can fill, and the deepened obligation to work with both our hands until the night shall come. In the death of the Rev. J. F. Ewiug, the Christian Church mourns the premature fall of one of her noblest aud most gifted sous. One who was every where recognised as a divinely-gifted leader of men, wise in counsel, tender in sympathy, and fearless in fight. One whom no self-consideration could swerve from the path of duty. A just and gentle knight of Gt>d, he liad entered the list", and drawn his sword against all that was base and unworthy in the thought aud practice of bis time. Pledging himself in the name aud for the sake of the Christ he BO much loved, to a j life-long battle against selfishness in all its varied forms, flinging himself with all the might of his manhood into every movement that made for God and righteousness and "with a strength that was as the strength of ten, because his heart was pure." In fact, no historical survey of religious life and thought iu this colony during the past three and a half years could be perfect, which failed to take into accountthe moralaud spiritual forces which flowed from that full life so crowded with incessant and unselfish toiL Forces which with wondrous potency have mingled with the tides of our country's thought and feeling. Forces that will continue to work out their beneficient results in our history —while he sleeps on. As a preacher aud teacher, Mr. Ewing stood in the foremost rank. He had a mind at once creative and analytic, and those who were privileged to sit under Ilia ministry for however brief a time, could not fail to observe with what exquisite skill he could place human character in the crucible and resolve it into its elements, laying bare the hidden springs of conduct, tracking the secret purpose to its final lurking place, and with magnificent scorn tearing off the uia^ks of things that his hearers might look iuto the faces of the things themselves. He possessed in a rare degree the gift of spiritual insight and discernment. A discernment that could pierce through the veil of mere appcarancc, and read the inner thought. A discernment to which hutnau nature s<> readily yielded up its secret, that the false man felt, in his presence it was vain to play a part. This faculty gave hi in in preaching a tremendous power. He could so accurately describe the methods by which ineu deceive themselves and seek to make a compromise with sin, that those who listened to him felt they were in the hands of one who was simply reading off their hearts. Oue of whom in some measure at least it might be said—as it. was said of Christ, " He needed no: that any should testify of man, for he knew what n.is in man." He was thus armed with signal power to smite the conscience and convince the will. Tlie word of God iu his hands was indeed a fl-itiling sword, and '.vI.oilier developing a doctrine or delineating a character, whether depicting a scene or relating an incident, whether speaking to the little children w ho always looked to him for their portion, or addressing himself to minds of riper growth, he never lost sight of his mission, to win men for Christ. To this everything was subordinated. For this many a personal comfort was relinquished and many a social joy foregone. For this he spent his all-toobusy days, rising early and working far on into the night, that he might find fresh arguments, and frame more close appeals to men. Working with heart and brain and praying as he worked, that with a mightier persuasiveness be might beseech his hearers to be reconciled to God. Little did they dream, to whom he ministered, how beneath the sunny surface of that life which was outwardly so buoyaut and so free, there was au all-consuming care for human BOUIS, which was wearing out his life, in one strenuous and unselfish endeavour, to bless and save. But so it was. His love for his brother-men amounted to a pascion, and in their service and for their sakes he counted no labor too hard to endure and no cross too heavy to bear. It was this which made him no tremendously in earnest. He was always in earnest. In fact, earnestness had become the aettled ha'jit of his life andhad written itself in every feature of his face. This intense Boul could do nothing by halves, what he did, lie did utterly and with lavish expenditure of strength- This was another element of power in his preaching. Men felt that this man had a message from God, a message that was burning its way oat from his heart, and that it was a message of life and death. I shall never foiget in one of our Saturday afternoon ra.mbl<» when talking together about our preaching and tlie necessity for keeping Jt fresh and vivid, he mud: " Howard we must keep up with tfie times in onr preaching, but do not let us fail to keep up with the eternities too." My brothers, it was in view of that eternity, with all its far-reaching ISSUBS that every sermon was prepared and preached. flubs »liile' : i which hi* broad culture and ripened atholarahip placod within liis reach, while keeping his mind fresh, and open at every {Mint for the reoeption of truth from every quarter, wMe feaitessly facing tho problems that are vexing the spirit of the time and seeking to speak to men of the nineteenth century, in their own tongue wherein they were bom, he nevertheless gripped with tenacious hold, the cardinal doctnnesofourholyfaithandpreachedwith no uncertain souud, the Divine authority of the scriptures, the Divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, the reality of sin, the necessity of a change of heart, the great work of the Atonement, the advantages of accepting aud tlie fearful cousequeuoes of rejecting the salvation provided by the blood of the cross. In him the ripest scholarship was wedded to the simplest faith. The most advanced religious thought and the finest cvaugclical fervour were mingled in a character, that had found out the secret of successful service for Christ aud mau, in the most utter repression <>f self. But perhaps the most potent element in his preachiug was that of his personal character. He was brilliant and fearless, liberal and orthodox, and wondrously dowered on the intellectual; side it is true. But these of themselves, could never have produced the results, which have been achieved by that brief ministry of three and a half years. No ! Men felt as they listened to hiui that he was preaching what he knew, and they knew lie was living what he preached, and men will always listen to the man whose teaching and whose life agree. For while genius may attract and brilliance may dazzle and eloquence may sway, it is character alone that lives, and gives enduring worth to human life aud permanent effect to human work. It was here then, in his robust manly Christian character, in liis simple downright goodness that the secret of his greatness lay. It was this which enabled liini to maintain constant and inviolate fidelity to God and to the solemn truths he held in trust for men. It was this which placed him in such living sympathy with those whom he addressed, it was this which made him Lay bis brilliant gifts at the feet of Christ to be used by : Hiui and as He willed, and it was this ; which made the message come with tenfold power to the hearts of men, that the j messenger had their confidence and love. They felt that the speaking man was speaking of the things he knew and lived by and which he burned that they should know and live by too. Added to all these intellectual and moral gifts and making them so splendidly effective, was the highest gift of all, the gift of the Holy Ghostandof p-nvor. This distinctly Divine endowment Mr. Ewing possessed in a remarkable degree. No confidence had he in his faculty of analysis, his keenness of insight, his jiower of delineation, or his gift of exposition. Whether in the study or in the pulpit, he ever threw himself back in utter self-abandonment on God tlieJHolyJGhost, that he might receive the Master's message, fresh and warm and living for human hearts and lives. What wonder then tliata life so Diviuely inspired should have had power with men, and that a ministry so intense and unselfish should have been attended with such splendid results. It could not- be otherwise. His body had become the Temple of tlie Holy Ghost. His flesh, simply a veil behind which as iu the holiest of all God sat enthroned, unseen but felt, and it was this divine indwelling which made his jxjrsi>ri;il contact with men effective. From the inner sanctuary of his being there flowed those potent but unseen forces which like sweet and holy impulsions from behind the veil, were ever following the wandering sons of men to bring them back to the outstretched arms of God. But Mr. Ewing was not merely a preacher. He was profoundly interested aud uuwcaiiedly active in the work of social reform, and had deeply at heart the stability aud wull-beiugof ths State. He rccoguiscd the truth, so much obscurcd in our time, that a man is no less a citizcn of the world, because he is a citizen of the kingdom <»f God. He saw that citizenship iu Christ's kingdom was the truest and best qualification for citizenship in the civil kingdom, and that just as religion is inclusive of morality, so the kiudoiu of God includes all that is truest and nohlestjaud wisest and most focncficent iu the kingdom of man. Thb conviction led hiin to throw himself with such splendid enthusiasm into every social movement which made for the uplifting and ennobling of the nice. It was. this which made him fight the battle of tlie working man against l.lie encroachments of labor on the Day of Rest. It was this which made him espouse the cause of the dispir.cd and downtrodden stranger that was within our gates, and won for him that pathetic tribute of respect, which our Chinese citizens paid to his memory ou the day wc carried him to his grave, and it was this which nerved his arm for the struggle which is still seeking to restore the Bible to the children iu our schools. And when at length that struggle ends in victory—for win we must and shall— we shall nut forgot iu the day of our rejoicing, the patient work and noble daring of that heroic soul, without whose fearless fighting the hour of final triumph would have beou still further delayed. For when the leaders in that strife were growing weary and their hearts were sick with hope deferred, it was he who sprang to the front aud grasped the falling standard, rallying the despondent battlers to a fresh assault and kindling anew the fires of an enthusiasm which will know no quenching till the fight be won. But the time at my disposal is all too short to adequately set forth the life and work of this true-hearted man. There is, however, one thing I would have you remember, and which my friend would have me insist upon if he could speak to me to night, and it is this, that he was what he was, by the power of a living and indwelling Christ, a power which early in his life was permitted to lay upon his opening soul its plastic hands, waking the will to high and holy purpose and winning the heart's best love for Christ, till his whole being ranged itself round and centred itself in Him who is the life and light of men, and it was then and there in tlie sanctify of that high communion that tbc human partook of the divine and bloomed into this fair and fragrant flower. And now what are the lessons which we are to leam from the untimely close of this strangely fruitful life, so sternuous in endeavor and so brave in deed and word. Purposes deep aud divine there must be in such removals from our midst, and our highest wisdom lies in seeking to interpret and acquiesce iu a purpose which is everywhere steadily making for a twofold end—the highest results in Christian character ana tlie best results in Christian wnk. The great end aimed at by God is the perfection of human character. To this end are working all the ministries of redemption, and all the disciplinary processes of our daily lives. No character can come to perfection in the fields of prosperity. Perpetual sunshine would inevitably deface its beauty and arrest tbs growth. The dark days of Autumn and the tlie soaking nuns of Winter axe not more necessary to the perfecting of diegoldm graui pf the harvest, then are tn® il^Ayi^te :"ln : our'li£e-; • to j tlie perfecting of the soul. Let us grasp the truth with all the comfort that it brings us S N this vur night of that all the duiuges and this mortal life |»ve an for both mind and heart, and that only through the (tains aud losses which our changeful lot involves, can character reach perfection of symmetry and strength. And fur this obvious reason, that only thus can we be taught that this is not our {dace. That we have other and higher relations than those of time to fulfil, that there is a world of spiritual being with which wc must come into correspondence before we can either be or do our best, a world{jtiiat lies around us though unseen, and whose forces play in upon us in proportion as we are willing to breathe ite atmosphere aud submit ourselves to its shaping hands. Were there uo broken reeds uo disappointed cxpectatious, no shattered plaus, no wrecked aud ruined hopii;, uo empty chairs, no wayside graves, no desolated hearts and homes, then we should be for staying here, and weaving our nest in time, and there would be uo such reaching out of hands towards the great uuseen. My brother-men our life has thus been set amid the play of perpetual changes, in order that wc may be thrown back upon the Unchangeable and that the moral results may thus be wrought in us which alone can lit us for die life that is to be. Let us then, amid all our bitter grief and bewilderment endeavour to checrfully acquiesce in the divine purpose so that in us character may be wrought out to its finest issues and reach its flower and crown. And then too, let the*;, thought of § that deep-living „soaL, burning itself out iu self-denying work for men stimulate us to nobler effort and to higher life. Oyou who are living at ease in Zion, whose religion is nothing better than a refined selfishness, you who are lifting up your hands in speechless horror at the sins and sorrows of the people, bnt are doing nothing to stem the tide, who indulge in a cheap and worthless pity for the lost, and arc stretching out no hand to save, do you not stand to-night confounded and self-condemned before a life like this, so meekly and so cheerfully laid down for men. O here and now, in the presence of God, and as it were from my fallen comrade's grave, let me beseech you, to gird yourselves for the battle of God, and iesolve to night, that for all the days to come you will live, not unto yourselves, but unte him who died for you and rose again. And while some are striving for wealth and some for pleasure and others for fame, may you seek, as he sought whom we mourn to night, your truest wealth in the realm of character, your most enduring fame in the honour that cometh from God, and your most abiding joy in smoothing the pathway of life for the tired feet and bringing back the wanderers to tlie warmth and welcome of the Father's house. Young men would you possess a character like this ? Then your purposes must be keyed to as lofty a stain. VVouldyoube God's true gentlemen ? Thenyou must, submit yourselves to Christ, for the gentlest blood of alljtbe race, flowed through his veins and the noblest life, was the life he lived for men. I would uot say a single word to damp your prospects, or decrease your joys. I have uo desire to make you prematurely old or to crush a single flower that grows along your path. But I do not want you to make a mistake. I do not want you to live for the perishable but for that which endures, I do not want yoar death bed scenes tu be haunted by the conviction that time has been wasted, that opportunity has been slighted, that destiny has been trifled with. It is that I may rouse you to high and holy purpose, that if possible I may awaken you to the splendid possibilities enfolded in your lives, in a word, it is that you may make your life a grand success, that you may fill out all the relations of your being and approach your at life's decline without regret that I I urge you to immediate decision for God. Standing betweenthclivingandthe dead, I warn you"", that though you may acquire the proudest earthly distinction, aud rise to the possession of unbounded material wealth, and yet live without God and die without Christ, you will have missed your destiny and lived in vain. Gold knows no currency and worldly titles have uo recognition in the land to which you haste. It is in the realm of godly character that the iimstenduringdistinctions can be achieved, and the most splendid fortunes made. Go in then for this success with both your hands for if you fail here, and pass into tlie pale kingdoms bankrupt of character, it will have been better for you that you had never been bom. W The discourse was delivered with much power and eloquence, and kept the con- gregation in sympathetic touch with the preacher throughout ite delivery. The Dead March in Saul was played at the close of the service, and an unusually large number remained to take part in the prayer meeting which followed. INSPECTORS Thompson and Cook from tlie railway department visited Warragul on Thursday in regard to connecting the Council's pipes to the station water supply. They were met by Cr. Anderson, and in accordance with the understanding previously entered into with the Commissioners, they arranged to have the pipes fixed half way up the tank at once, and give us a direct pumping connection in case of fire. CEKTAINI.T the best medicine known is Sander and Son's Eucalyti Extract. Test ite eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, iufiueuza—the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, braises, sprains, it is the safest remedy—no swelling, no inflamation. lake surprising effects produced in croup, diptheria, bronchitis, inflamatiott of the lungs, swellings, etc.; diarrhoia, dysentry, diseases of die kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe ; patronised by his Majesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and reject ail others.—ADVT. ON a recent morning, says a Kyneton correspondent, after a resident bad given his cow a feed of hay, a gander, which was close by, watched the repast with a greedy eye, aud, thinking no doubt that tlie hay contained a good deal of grain, decided to dispute the cow's right. The bird atouce flew into the animal's £ace ; a duel then began, which Mr. Gotge says he never saw equalled in his experience. The combatants continued their strife for an hour, and the plucky gander gained a victory over its opponent, finally retaining unmolested control «>f the bundle of hay. Tlie contest was one of wonder and of mirth. 