General <SH eantttgg. Golden Jubilee of the " Tablet." THE HARVEST OP HALF A CENTURY. (Continued.) Forty-five years have goDe since Newman abjured the State religion— "not," as he wrote to a friend, "not from disappointment or impatience, but because I think the Church of Rome thfi fjArfinliit P,hnr/»H nnra nnfr. a part of the Catholic Church, because not in communion with Rome, and be cause I feel that I could not honestly be a teacher in it any longer." Father Dominic did the deed, of which the efieot cannot even now be measured. The ripples made in that baptismal font have eternal motion; to be merged at last in the " pure river of the water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding from the throne." Of that memorable con version we said at the time, in our issue of October 25, 1845 : "Our readers will naturally expect from us a few words on the subject of Mr. Newman's conversion, but we confess we find great difficulties in fulfilling that expectation. The subject is so wide and yet so Bimple, so personal and yet so diffu sive, that we hardly know what to say or what to avoid saying. This great event has been looked for anxiously and long. It has been prayed for ; it has been written for ; it has been wished ; it has been dreaded; it has at length come So far as a remote observer can presume, imperfectly at best, to judge of character, the Angli can Establishment has been deprived of the largest mind and the most pene trating intellect lately to be found, at least among her children. We con gratulate Mr. Newman warmly and with the most devoted affection on his bappy conversion,, and our readers on their share in the fortunate event. God knows it fills us with a joy we cannot adequately express, and with expecta tions sufficiently sanguine, we think, though not quite , so sanguine as those 6f some better hopers among ourselves. May God prosper him every way ; and from the first hour of his baptism to the last hour of his breath may the Almighty deign to use him unre mittingly in' the noblest service this world can witness." The news, thus announced among Catholics v.ith no indecent triumph, was received with " I told you so" by the Evangelicals, and with dismay by the Tractarians. " Ah, that is a sad place," said Keble, years afterwards, pointing out a spot near to the parsonage at Hursley— "that is connected with the most pain ful event of my life. It was there that I knew for certain that J. H. N. had left us. One day I retft&ved; a letter in his handwriting. I felt sure of what it contained, and I carried it about with me all through the day, afraid to open it. At last I got away to that chalk pit, and then, forcing myself to read the letter, I found that my forebodings had been too true : it was the announce ment that he was gone." How Pusey felt that parting is equally well known. Indeed half the parsonages of England had their gravel pit that day, and a . man in agony by it ; and some buried in it their brightest hopes; and others, bowed to the earth, picked up new pebbles for their sling, and went out armed like young Davids to slay Philistinism in religion. Within a month of Newman's seces sion came that of his " acolyte" Frederick Faber. The 16th of Novem ber, 1845, was the last Sunday in which he officiated in his church at Elton— that church in which ho had almost torn out his heart to offer it to bis Redeemer, that he might know the Divine way and work the Divine will. At Evensong that day the rustics, whom he had tempted to church by cricket in the rectory grounds between the services, had a still greater surprise. The brilliant young Rector, in broken tones, told them that the doctrines he had taught them, though true, were not those of the Church of England, and that consequently he must go where truth was to be found. " Then," says his friend and fellow- convert, Father John E. Bowden — " then lie hastily descended the pulpit stairs, threw off his 6urplice, aud made hiB way quickly through the vestry to the rectory. For a few moments the congregation re mained in blank astonishment, and then, ; while the majority turned slowly home- i wards, some followed him to the rectory ! and implored him to reconsider his j decision. He might preach whatever j doctrine he pleased, they said, and they would never question it, if ouly he re mained with them." The next day saw him received into the Church by Bishop Wareing, of Northampton, and, when he was confirmed, he felt himself, like the Apostles at Pentecost, permeated by the sensible presence of the Holy Ghost. Six years later came what wa may call the other great boom among the conversions of the half-century. We turn for the chronicle of it to our own columns in the April of 1851 : " Mr. Manning (we said) has really attempted to work the Establishment upon Catho lic principles in a high and important official position. But even he, with all his great position and his important connections, his prudence, his eloquence, his remarkable aptitude for and ac quaintance with affairs, his forbearance, his patience, and his holiness, has at last felt he could do nothing, that the Church of England" is Protestant, and Protestant it wili remain. But while we thus congratulate our readers on this important accession of one of the leading minds of the Anglican Estab lishment, we shall hardly have done our duty as journalists or as Catholics if we do not Bay something on the great, the heroic sacrifice this man has made for tho sake of Catholic truth. He has given up all that is most dear to that lofty ambition which forms the peculiar temptation of minds of the noblest mould. A position exactly suited to his talents, of widely- extended influence, and a splendid future ; the favour of men, and the almost certainty of ulti mately carrying out bis views as bishop ; tho devoted adherence of troops of friends ; an abode as fair as any of those we see scattered over England aud occupied by her ministers ; fortu nate in this world's goods ; all this", and far more, Mr. Manning has given up with a great heart." Archdeacon Manning, with his brother-in-law, Henry Wilberforce, aided by Mr. Glad stone, bad drawn up a manifesto against the continuance of Mr. Gorham in his ministry after what was, in effect, a denial, on his part, of belief in baptismal regeneration. Thirteen names were ap pended to the manifesto ; and seven of the thirteen translated, within a brief Bpace, their words into deeds, when the Anglican Church remained dumb under " tho abandonment of one of its Articles." These seven were Manning, R. I. Wilberforce and Henry Wilber force, Dodsworth, Cavendish, Badeley, and Hope Scott. Mr. Gladstone, when be beard that Manning and Hope- Scott had really gone, said he felt as if he had lost his two eyes. Bishop Selwyn was apostolically broken-hearted about Manning : " He might have been the Xavier of the English Church." But he for whom Anglicans, lay and clerical, lamented, what said he of himself ? V I feel," said he, " as if I had no desire unfulfilled, but to persevere in what God has given me for His Son's sake." And this tragedy of Oxford, of Elton, of Lavingtou, was enacted, within seven years, in literally several hundreds of the Anglican rectories of England. The yearp 1845 and 1846 saw scores of such renunciations; the next three years saw units and tens ; 1850 and 1851 saw them by scores again ; and every year since has had its share. What have been the resultB the Church of England knows. The two Curdinals are converts. Faber has his splendid record, of less than twenty years of Catholic life, in a whole library of spiritual writings; and on London ho has left a greater mark, in his way, than we can think of as made by any other man — the Oratory. To him, as the Father of the Community, though Newman ranks as its technical founder — to him, and to the influence which he bad over others, and which they again transmitted, is directly due the existence of that great centre of the religious life of London. Others amongst the con verts are scattered over London and oyer England. The salt of the earth they have made fruitful a land they found barren ; bishops like Coffin of Soathwark, Patterson of Amycla, Wilkinson of Hexham ; beads of orders and superiors of communities and chief priests of large chuches, such as Father Sebastian Bowden at the Oratory. Father Lockhart at St. Ethelreda's, Father Purbrick among the Jesuits, Mgr. Moore at the Pro- Cathedral, Father Kirk at St. Mary of the Angels', Father Bampfield at Barnet ; preachers and teachers like Anderdon, Coleridge, Rivington, Garside, Stevenson, Mac- mullen, Maskell, Oakeley, Ornsby, Tickell, Richards, Akers, Christie, Morris, Bridgett, and Porter — after wards Archbishop of Bombay. But our columns might be filled, and good names remain behind. Not in the ecclesiastical world only have these men manned us. From Lucas down to Ranken every Editor of this paper was a convert — the record being broken by the present occupant of tbeir chair. Of the paper's sub- editorship almost the same record may be made. The Dublin Review reached its zenith uuder a convert, Dr. W. G. Ward ; the Month and Merry England have, so far as we remember, known no others as Editors. The Catholic pub lishing firms have a similar derivation ; Mr. Burns was a convert, end so was Mr. Oates ; so is Mr. Wasbbonrne. The Secretary of the Catholic Union is a convert ; bo is one of the secretaries of the Truth Society ; so is the founder of the Guild of Onr Lady ©f Ransom, Father Philip Fletcher, and so his right- hand man, Mr. Lister Drummond ; so, too, is the leading spirit of St. Anselm's Society; and so the Secretary of the Poor School Committee, Mi. Allies. True, there was not much from a worldly point of view, even in these posts and tasks, to tempt the Anglican parson to relinquish his place and his income. He gave up ease and a com petence to be a door-keeper, but a door keeper in tbc House of the Lord. Solitary Archbishop's House at West minster, is not exactly a human equiva lent for Lambeth Palace and AddiDgton Park, bright with the glances of girls, and alive with the laughter of boys, This fat living and that fellowship were given up ; and be who relinquishsd them must smile at the incongruities of life when he sits at home in the back parlour of the back street he now in habits, aud is ranked ratber as a swell by bis brother priests— perhaps a Canon. In these chops and changes it must have been the married convert who suffered most. Matrimony, which doubles joys and halves sorrows for most men, had other arithmetical prob lems for him — how to make no loaf feed two, and feed the children with the fragments that remained. One such clergyman is reported to have found his way to the workhouse ; but, if so, he went there secretly, or from rich Catholics shall be required the reason why. In fifties these ex-clergymen have gone into professions and trades — toilsomely beginning a new life at an age when they might be thinking of rest and of reward. Barff became a professor of chemistry, and a great dis coverer in that capacity ; Mr. Freeman quarries marble ; Mr. Kelke crams ; Mr. Gresham Wells is at the bar ; Mr. Bliss searches the archives of Rome for the British Government ; Mr. Marshall and Dr. Maziere Brady and Mr. Little have done journalism — all on our Btaff; Mr. Bedford, Mr. Ornsby, Mr. Hunny- bun, aud scores of others teach ; Mr. New became a solicitor before he be came a priest; Mr. Aymer Yallance advises and writes on decoration; Mr. Rose disguised himself as " Arthur Sketchley," and Mr. Walford as an Editor of Peerages. Others have be come Consuls in foreign parts ; and others inspectors of schools, and these have no better model than Mr. Scott Nasmyth Stokes — a convert before he took Anglican orders. These are a few names and cases which come to mind as illustrations of tho careers chosen by these exiles of conscience. Others of them, with that ineptitude which is no shame, but rather a sign of pre destination, to the cleric, have failed to get a footing on the road to secular suc cess. Opulent once, they now live on incomes not larger than those of arti- , zans, silent martyrs in an age of, noisy needs. The Anglican rectories thns emptied of their pious folk were soon refilled. PatronB had uo difficulty in naming successors to those who fled. Some churches, indeed, and some districts, were affected more than others. St. Saviour's, at Leeds, for instance, was started under Dr. Pusey's direct aus pices to show that High- Churchism was a really workable religion ; and the pick of Oxford's zealous young men in orders were. Bent down to do wonders among a manufacturing population. No fewer than seven of these chosen ones were received into the Catholic Church by one man in one year — the man Newman and the year 1851. In London the Church of All Saints, Margaret- street, yielded as large a harvest, including Oakeley, Garside, Cavendish, Verney- Browue-Cave, Nichols, Biddleston, Hunnybun, Gresham Wells, and Orby Shipley. In many cases, Anglican sisterhoods " went over" with their chaplains, and members of congrega tions with their clergy. Sometimes it happened that the ex-parson returned as a priest to the scene of his former parsonic labours, and reconciled many a laggard to the Church. Canon Short- land, for instance, was first a Protestant curate in Penzance, and then, for half a life-time, a devoted Catholic priest. Some of these left their livings quietly, and dropped at once out of the world's ken. Over others a keen controversy raged. Some were abuBed, some scolded, some mocked, and , others decently mourned. To some almost a public funeral was given ; as when the Guardian , with good feeling, wrote : " Our readers will ere this have been grieved to learn that . men, whose familiar and much respected names we cannot write without pain and sorrow, have deserted our branch of the Catho lic Church for the Roman. The Church of England is poorer — let us not hesitate 'to own it — by the loss of Mr. H. Wilberforce, Mr. Allies, and Mi. Stuart Bathurst. We lament the seces sion of men who were once the salt of our communion." To be Continued. 