a Night jn A haunted house, . OPPOSITK the residence of my friend* the. Gibsons stood a small .frame dwelling, which Tvas the terror: of Beanv'ille; for it was said to he haunted A murder had been committefl ten years before,-valid «nlce.then the .poorest labtmrer" m the, county -would not take the place for Beggars had:tried to live there, and-failed to secure sufficientrest to live upon.. i . Tramps had been known to. climb m at the windows, but ihey chmed out of. them before daylight. l\ot a dog would .'Stay' there. It was a genlime hauntefl house And so, being do'wn. at my fnfendS* for a visit, :I resolved to investigate the mattfe'r; and declared that I • would sleep there; at least one night—more; if necessary; " Well, Frank; you'll bo soiTy ii you dtf/1 assure you," said Mr.- Gibson: -. "The house is haunted;';-said Mrs. Gibson les, sir—haunted " deelared the: friend of tlie family, who was smoking lus cigar on the porch, . "£>ure andjl -saw^the ghost myself, sir;'": said little Biddy; aurSmg tlie ha"by on the lower Btep " Then I m goimg to sleep there to night" I declared. " I have alwdys-Wanted to see, & ghost' 1 I stuck to my determination I went to tiie littlej empty house that flight, and 1 coined thither a or so, and a rfevolvi Iti night in sutnjner, and the little place was dry enough, i refused all never said "If I volver oui Of thb window. Tbu.11 that" And so, half scolding, half laughing, they let me iave-my way. At eleven o^elock. I retired to my couch with a bobk and a keio^ene latap, and by midnight I had read m^ sfelf to What awakened me J do not but! suddenly set up in bed with a fienise ot great discomfort upon me Thp lamp was: ftet tt Of' csnfsfe Tliad^ not "undi holding fflt tetblver in -l; Could else It was not a crackling *jr e ^ticfamj ve^na^ing sound, ^iffi ^ ii-auout-me'.-j)! «Jid;.feo1 monn^i-mn hritlillv. acfi 3 went freA room to looln am h nn. 1-, i p I went downstairs. I peeped into closets, I explored the cellar, and I returned to my room. - That was. .no; longer empty. Upon my bed lay a man'; s - " . He was a rou^h-looking fellow, dissixted ianaiAsearanee, o£d AosjSbd iii ragged uoiheS. Hfe feet ^eiia bie.„ 13yhis side lay a tliick stick. HiS ej l ei; wfete open and .Sed^lTrMmo^AtanaUhWlk into a laugh'as I levellw the if^olver at his head: . "So you're the gliost" I said. "-Come— you shall have the bed for the rest of the night and a breakfast in-the morning if you will tell me what your game is." The.ruffian, seeing that I "had the drop on him," owed up that he was one of a gang of thieves who used the:" haunted house" asahidingrplace. They frightened eve'ryb'otly away from ifc 'by -tlreir- 'gliosDplay, and it served their purposes well. I kept my promise to . the vagabond as to his lodging and breakfast, .and. then told They told the authorities, and, from that time the litt|®Wraine house wiis not. haunted. 