? Jii.s EXCBLLCNCI - tbe Governor gave a dinner at Government House on Thursday, to which the following were invited :—M. Ls Capitaiu Gaston D'Aboville, M. Babron, M. Jaequenim, M, de St. Seine, M. Henri de Martel, M. Michel Morin, M. Louis Cournes, M. Audre Biard, M. Jean Baptiste Convers, M. L'Ahbi Cillierer, M. Louie Cournes, M. Dejardin, M. le Maistre, the Hon. John Madden, the Rev. Father Kennedy, M. Cayiou. M. Paul de Castella, Commander Hay, R.N., the Rev. J. Kennedy, Mr. C A. l'insehof, Dr. Crevilli, Mr. l'urves, M. l'halempin, Dr. C. Ryan, Capt. Ke?d, Signor Catani, Mr. Jas. Smith, Mr. Walrond, Capt. Helbert, Cipt. Hood and Capt. Wallington. CAITAIN MOORE arrived at Government House on Friday. CAPTAIN MOOUE IND the Hon. Evelyn Moore left Government House for Uobart ou Tuesday. THE many friends of Captain Thompson, aidede-camp to the Eirl of Kintore, will, we are sure, share the Governor's regret that, owing to cablegrams from the officer commanding his regimeut, and from bis adjutant, he fiuda himself compelled to resign his appointment on His Excellency's stall, io order to rejoin his regiment for the purpose at qualifying for promotion by joioing a garrison course on the 1 st of March next. Captain Thompson sails for England early next year. There have been at different times many popular gentlemen connected with the Vice-regal stall' at Government House, but never one more popular than Captain Thompson. This fact will intensify the regret at his approaching departure. TUB Ladies Estella and Dorothea Hope, sisterB of His Excellency the Governor, arrived in Adelaide by the mail steamer Britannia on Monday morning. Mr. Conlon, of tbe Customs Department, was in attendance with a special launch, and the ladies were landed at Largs Bay, whence they travelled to the city iu the State carriage. They were the guests of Lord Kintore until the departure of the Melbourne express on Monday afternoon. They were met in Adelaide by Mr. Aguew Ralston, assistant secretary to the Governor, and on the arrival of the train at Spencer-street on Tuesday, HiB Excellency was in waiting to receive his sisters. Lady Estella Mary was born io 1SGG, and Lady Dorothea Loaiea in 1S6S. They are both of a happy, amiable disposition, and on the voyage out made themselves very popu'ar, taking part in several concerts, THE President of tbe Shire of Malvern and MRB. M'Kinley will hold their garden party, which was postponed on account of the weather, on Friday afternoon next. The Hon. Duncan Gillies will formally opeu the public gardens. ON Wednesday, 3rd December, at the residence of Mrs. A. C. Ibbotson, "Holmwood," Alma-road, St. Kilda, was held one of the most enjoyable balls of the season. There were over two hundred ladies and getlemen present, representing the leading families iu aud around Melbourne, and several friends from the adjoining colonies. The grouuds were beautifully lit with fairy lamps, and a large marquee was erected for the supper, which was very tastefully decorated. The verandah was enclosed with blindB and hung with silk curtains, and laid out with potplants, furniture, &c.; The ballroom was exquisitely draped in two colours of silk. The music, under the leadership of Mr. W. D. Goodall, could not be excelled, and was greatly admired by all the guests, his band comprising tbe leading artists in the profession. MKS. ESISRV GOULD, L.R,. A.M., London, and L.N.K.A.M., Rome, Principal of the Australian Conservatoire of Singing, has invited a number of guests to a soiree mmicale to be given by her pupils in Christ Church Schoolroom on Monday next. Mrs. Gould's special ability and the known proficiency of her pupils should make the evening as interesting as enjoyable. Mr. Howard's services have been retained, BO that the young ladies may have the privilege of first-class accompaniments. Mils. WILLIAM GREEK'S annual fancy dress ball • to her pupils will take place in the Melbourne '1 own Hall on Wednesday next, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, and in tbe presence of Sir William and Lady Clarke, Sir Matthew and Lady Davies, Sir Benjamin and Lady Benjamin, the Mayor and Mayoress of Melbourne and other distinguished residents. Evening dress will be de rv/ueur in all parts of the house The programme williuclude a great variety of dances of the most attractive order, aud Mrs. Green's former success is a guarantee for the pleasure of this year's entertainment. A liKAKi) dramatic and tableaux entertainment will be given in the Brighton Drillroooi on Friday evening in aid of the inmates of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. A number of well-known local amateurs are assisting, and a large audience is expected. The following programme will bo given;— Pan I. -Overture. 2od Batt. Band, Vlt. * One Summer's Eve," by VV. J. Lincoln.—Gb&ractera; Ol&ude; ltexton (a young English Officer), Mr. F, Ward ; Edmond Mortl&ke; (Squire of Mortlake), Mr. W. J. Lincoln; Grandpa Hanwell (Fairy's Guardian!, Mr. F. D'Alroy; Fairy, M iss Clara Lincoln ; Alice Redtord, Miss Lincoln. Tart LL—Aacompauist, Mr. F. Ireland. Selection, 2nd li&tt.; Band, V.Li. Tableau, "Jtock of Ages." Sooq (selected) Miss Law. Tableau. " Faust and Marguerite." SODR, " The l'arson and the Parrot," Mr. €. W. D. Hogg. Tableau," Hero and Leauder." Song." Thee Do I Love, •* Sfr. G. E. Pesree. Tableau, "The Music Les>oo." Bong (tinmoroue), Mr. A. Krone. Tableau. "Too Late." Bone (selected),Mr.Sneetwan. Tableau, ' DeathofOteopatri." «oug. "Kemembsr Me No More," Mr. E. Everiosham. Tableau, "Dawn of Day." Tableau, "The Fan." Tableau, " Hands Across the Sea." " God Save the Queen." The following ladies and centleuen will tako part io tbe above entertainment:—Misses Sievwriabt, Miller, Ltnontn, C. Lincoln, F, Evans, K. Jfiird, P. Haird, A.Walters, H.Lincoln, B. Lincoln, Messrs. Coles, Mark?, Lincoln, D'Alroy and Ward. A MEETING of gentlemen desirous of making a presentation to Misses Hyams will ba held on Friday evening, at 8 o'clock, at Mr. Maddock'a, 104 Collins-street. THE directors of Braeinar House have issued invitations for the opening ceremony, which will take place at Macedoo on 20th December. Tun Melbourne Liedertafel will give a " Bmoke night" (for gentlemen only) at the Athenieum Hall ou Thursday evening, the 18th December. THE Melbourne Orchestra, the newly-organised combination of one hundred professional musicians, will give a graod promenade concert at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, in conjunction with the sports of the Melbourne Bicycle Club on Saturday afternoon next. NEWTON-KING—HOLK( HD. THE marriage of Miss Elith L. C. Holford, daughter of Mr. Holford, late of the 10th Royal Hussars and of " Adelaide Mansions," Brighton, England, with Mr. Francis J. Newton-King, of the 43rd Light Infantry {Oxfordshire ltegimeut) and second surviving son of Mr. A. Newton-King, " Mount HeDry," County Wexford, was celebrated at St. Peter 's Church, Elton Square, in October last. The service was most impressive and full choral, the singing being magnificent. The bride was attired in a lovely gown of white Duchesse satio, richly embroidered, having a Ion» train from the shoulders, embroidered in silver threads; a zouave of transparent gauze surmounted the bodice ; an orange blossom wreath and long tulle veil, fastened with a diamond spray, and an exquisite bouquet, completed the lovely costume. A little brother of the bride acted as page, in a coBtume of the Stuart period, trimmed with rallies of old lace. The bridesmaids, five in number, were attired iu gowns of white serge, trimmed with gold, and wore large velvet hatB, with yellow chrysanthemums. The bride's travelling dress was of electric blue cloth, with beaver muff and blue velvet hat. About 200 guests were present at the ceremony, among whon> were Mrs. Henry Brassey, Lady Charles l'ratt and Mr. and Mrs, Fred Stevensen. )M LTON—W1LL1AMS. A PRETTY little wedding took place on the 20th November, when Miss Caroline Williams, daughter of Mr. T. H. Williams, of the Victorian Railways, was married to Mr. S. E. Dalton. The ceremony wae performed by the Rev. Mr. Lawrence at the residence of tile bride's parents, "Binkeia," Barkly-street, Brunswick. The bride wore a pretty toilette, and carried a handsome bridal bouquet, and was attended by three bridesmaids. After the ceremony the party partook of refreshments, and dancing was kept up till a late hour. Messrs. F. Bechtold and Co. supplied the flowers. MURN—FARAVONI. THE marriage of Miss Carlotti Faravoni, late of Sandhurst, with Mr. T. Murn, of Port Melbourne, was celebrated on Wednesday, the 3rd December, at the Holy Trinity Church, Port Melbourne, the Rev, Mr. Brooks officiating. The bride wore a handsome robe of cream cashmere, with veil and wreath of orange blossom. The bridesmaids, who were the Misses Faravoni (2) and Bingham, wore becoming cream costumes. The choir of the church, of which the bride has been connected, sang several selections during the service in a worthy manner, there being a large and fashionable attendance to witness the ceremony. At the con clusion the guests adjourned to the residence of Mr. Murn, where the wedding breakfast was held, and the toasts suitable to the occasion given, aod in the evening a large number of invited friends visited the house. The happy couple left for Healesville during the afternoon. BUCKLIND— KIRKPATRlCK. AT St. Peter's Church, Monks Horton, Kent, by tlieKev. William Kirkpatrick, brother of the bride, assistant priest of All Saints, Emscote, Warwick, assisted by the Rev. J. T. Pearse, rector of the parish, was solemnised last mon • h the marriage of Mr. Thomas Buckland, of Mount Alma, Charters Towers, North Queensland, with Miss Mary Kirkpatrick, daughter of Mr. John Kirkpatrick, of Monks Horton Park, Kent. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a dreBS of rich white faille Francaise, bodice and sleeves of pearl embroidery, wreath of orange blossom and tulle veil, fastened with a diamond star, tbe _gift of the bridegroom. Her train waB borne by a little page, Master Fabian Hall, who was prettily dressed in eau de nil satin, and large hat, with feathers. There were four bridesmaids, who wore dresses of eau de nil crepe de chine, trimmed with silver passementerie; pale pink plumes and tulle veils. Each wore gold and pearl bangles of unique design, tbe gift of the bridegroom, aud carried bouquets nf pink carnations, tied with streamers to match. Mr. O. W. West, cousin of bride, actcd as best man. After the ceremony an " at home " was given by Mrs. Kirkpatrick, and later in [he afternoon the bride and bridegroom left for Scotland, where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling dress was of grey cloth, trimmed with passementerie ; grey hat, and feather boa to match. ULUKKG -LAKKKN. Tut marriage of Mite Clara Maria Lxurn Almata Larson, eldest daughter of Mr. C. F. W. Yincker, merchant, of Bremen, Germany, to Ciptain Henry Otto Ulberg, of Drammau, Norway, was celebrated at St. Matthew's Church on Monday last by the Iiev. H. Blackett. The bride was given away by Mr. l'heo. Yincker, and wore a gown of brown armure royale, trimmed with white and gold passementerie and buttercup silk. After the ceremony ail " at home" was held on board Captain Ulberg's boat, when about sixty guests were entertained, among whom were Mr, Lir.dcu, Dr., Mrs, and Miss Mein, Misses Simson, Madame Pfuud, Mr. and Mrs. Gilbank, Captain and Mrs. Buw aud Captains Uowlan and Hausen. SOCIAL— (Continued). MKEKK— PLTATT. A TRETTV mnrriage took place at 14 Thorbury," Kast Melbourne, 011 Thursday last, when Miss Katie Pratt, daughter of the Hon. Joseph Major Pratt, of East Melbourne, became the bride of Mr. William Alfred Mucks, second son of Mr. Henry Meeks, of " Villiers," Hawthorn. The ceremony took place in the drawingroom, vhich was beautifully decorated, a (liraI bridal bell and tbe initials of the bride ami bridegroom being prominent in the decorations. The bride was given away by licr father, and was attended by Misses Cirrie Pratt, Bertha Pratt, Bertha Harvey, Winnie Pratt and livulyn Jackson, while Major Kelly supported the bridegroom as best man. TheUev. Stacey Chapman i)Hi:iatei! at the ceremony. The bride wore a lovely gownof rich brocade, intermixed with silver berries ; the court train, which hung from the shoulders, had a bordering of ostrich feathers, the front being veiled with embroidered crcpe de chine, over a petticoat of plain silk, and caught high on the left side with ostrich plumes, the right side being arranged in a loose scarf of mousselibe de chiffon ; high bodice, made perfectly plain, with a fichu of wousselinc de chiffon at the neck ; the sleeves were also of this lovely material, aud were puffed from wrist to elbow ; tulle veil, with embossed corners, fastened over a small bouquet of bridal flowers, with a diamodd crescent, presented by the bride's father. The Misses Carrie and Bertha Pratt (sisters of the bride) and Miss Harvey wore pretty dresses of cream soic de chine and buttercup, made with lvnpire skirt, aud edged at the bottom with antique lace and insertion at spaced distances, showing the yellow underneath ; short seamless bodice, tucked at neck and draped from under right arm to left with scarf which hung in shawl end to bottom of the skirt; Toaoa sleeves of the yellow silk : tulle veils, fastened with yellow and cream ostrich tips, and each maid wore a lyre psarl brooch, the gift of the bridegroom. Miss Winnie Pratt and little Mis6 Jackson wore dresses composed of white soie de chine, yoke and cuffs of tiny gathered pufliigs. full blouse falling from the yoke, sash tied at bick, skirt flounced and edged with white D'Alencon lace, neck aud sleeves trimmed with chiffon, black silk stockings and shoes, and eveh wore a cable bangle, a gift of the bridegroom. Master Cleveland Pratt, the youngest brother of the bride, was dressed as a page of the reign of Charles I. in Fougere Lyons velvet, trimmed with l>Jchesse lace ; hat with white plumes at side. Mre. Pratt was handsomely attired in terra cotti poult de snie and brocade. The whole front of the iiousc was enclosed right to the gate, aud this, like the interior, was most tastefully decorated with flowers and ornaments. The bride and bridegroom left for Adelaide during the day, the former wearing a travelling dress of Metford tweed, tailormade : the skirt had a deep hem turned up on the right side, aud edged with a narrow cord of a deep red shade to match colouring in tweed ; habit body slightly opjniug in front, and showing a belt of velvet, which matched the cord ; the whole of the body being edged with same, and which gave the costume a very pretty finish. About one Hundred and fort}' guests attended the wedding ceremony and subsequent festivities, and from these a large number ot valuable gifts were received, several being cheques, A MARRIACK has been arranged between the Hon. Asshetou llarbord, brother of Ltdy Carrington, and Miss Mus»rave, eldest daughter of the late Kir Richard Musgrave, of Kdenhall, aud of Lady Brougham and Vaux. TIIK marriage of MisB Willoughby, daughter of Mr. Howard Willoughby, of iCast Melbourne, with Dr. Lionel Praagst, of Halranald, N.,S.W., is arranged to take place at Holy Trinity Church, Kist Melbourne, on Saturday, the 20ih December, at two o'clock. THE ENGAGEMENT is announced of Miss C. M Ford, of Brunswick, Victoria, youngest daughter of the late Mrs. W. 1). Ford, of West Melbourne, granddaughter of the late .lames C. Steer, " Box House," Seal. Kent, to Mr. H. P. Allen, of Paddington, New South Wales, eldest sou of late Mr. Allen, of Dirtford, K<mt, England, Mn«. Yiirsn HUSBAND gave a garden party at her residence on Saturday. MKS. J. HOOD gives a garden party at her residence on Saturday. MITCHELL, of the Fit7.roy Ladies' College, Yicturia Parade, gave a dance at her residence last evening. •SIR JAMES MACHAI.V will preside at the Scotch College Speech Pay io the Melbourne Town Hall to-morrow afternoon. SIR ARTHUR and Lady Nicolson have left town for the Western District. They return at the end of February, and leave for liurope early in March. They purpose being away about twelve months. A JSEACTU-'DL summer residence is being crected by the Speaker (Sir M. H. Davies) in the Dandenong Ranges, about '25 miles from Melbourne. The building is being erected from the designs of Jlessrf. luskip «ud Robertson, the well-known Melbourne architects. The site selected is an exceedingly beautiful one, and the building promises to be one of the most complete and piclurefque residences in the colony. MRS. TIIIEANIJO MACARTNEY has issued over 500 invitations for her annual pupils' concert to take place at the Prahrau Town Hall on Wednesday, 17th December. The programme includes, besides v ocil and instrumental selections by pupils of Miss Ananda Corcoran and Herr A. J. Jacoby, a piano duet by these two artists, a violin solo by Herr Wart:nun, a German and French play and a recitation by Miss Samuel. A very enjoyable evening is anticipated. Thk Metropolitan Gas Company'6 directors have arranged witn Mrs. G. K. Koss, a dr^t-class ch<j\ who has recently arrived from Kurope, to give a course of lectures on cookery in the upp;r hall of the Athen;L*um. Lectures are given on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and young housewives would do well to attend while the opportunity is offered. To-morrow the dishes to he explained and prepared and cooked are ftoups and broths for invalids. Sirs. Hoes is open to negotiate with schools or private people for a course of lessons. LADY CLARKE entertained the members of the Alliance Francaise at a musical soi'ec on Friday evening, when the French Admiral, M. Renault de Presmesnil, was the guest of the evening. Sir William and Lady Clarke received their guests at the drawingroom entrance, and after a little time the w lole party passed into the union, where the following programme was gone through, Miss Steinhauer and Miss Bristow being heard to special advantage :— Piano Solo, Mdlle. Macdonald. Chanson, Mdlle; Hamilton. Chanson, "Lee ll*me&ux;," Mdlle. Godfrey' Violin Obligato, Mdlle. Joshua; Violoncello Obliato, Mons. toward (laurel. Chanson, Mons. E[Oaghnan. Piano Solo, "Nocturne" (Chopin), Mons. \V. A. Liver. Chanson, '-Air deB Bijoux 1 ' (" Pallet") (Gounod), Madame Anna Steinhauer. Soto Violoncelle, "Valse lento du Ballet" ("Sylvia"), (Dolibes), Mons. Theo Liebe. Chanson, Madame Boema. Piano Solo, Moos. De Beaupuis. Chanson, "Alia scella confidence," Mdlle. Hamilton—Violdn Oolig&to;, Mons. Theo. Liebe. (ltobaudi). Solo Violon, "Melodie" (De Beriot), Mons. Steff&nl.; Cnanson, "£i& Serenade " (K^detnan tee), (Gounod), Mdlle. Bristow. Piano Solo, " Grand Polonaise, Op. 53" (Chopiu), M&datue; Houyet-Boward. Chanson, " La veritable Manoia" (13oargeois), Madame Anna Steinhauer. Solo Violoncelle, a. Romance sane paroloB" (E. Giltet); "Tzigane Mazurka" (liabriel- Mario), MODS. George E. Howard. Piano Solo, Mdlle. Buckley. Chanson, "Si tu savais," Mons. hart Smith. Chanson, "Chanson BobGme" ('Carmen"), (Biset) Mdlle. Godfrey. Chanson, Mons. Cadden. During the evening champagne, ices, exquisit fruits and all sorts of delicacies were served in the ballroom. The whole cntcrtainmsnt was characterised by that thorough enjoyment that ever attends the " Cliveden " festivities. Among those present besides the Admiral and his suite were Dr. Brownless, Chancellor of the University ; Lidy O'Loghien, Miss O'Loghleu, Miss Simson, Mrs. Collins, Madame Mouchette, Mrs. D. B. Reid, Miss fteid, Misses Synnott, Madame Dreyfus, Aldllos. Dreyfus, Mr, P. de J. Grut, Miss Lily Blair, Miss Hirst Browne, Misses B&rtropp;, Miss Wagner, Mrs. Joseph Clarke, Mrs. Emery Gould, Mr. and Mis. Hayter, Mrs. J. P. Ryan, MrB. and Mies Greene, Mr. and Mrs. Uilathorne, Miss Dunn, Mrs. Hooper and Mr, and Mrs. E. G. Fitzgibbon. J MR. and Mrs. It. N. Miller gave a most enjoy able social evening at their residence, Vortarlingtou, on Tuesday evening, 2nd December, in honour of their son-in-law's (Herr Kopff) visit. The large 1 dining-hall was beautifully decorated with festoons and flags, and a first- class string band discoursed sweet music for the dancers. Twenty-six numbers were down on the programnifs, nod altogether the evening was one to be remembered by the residents and visitors at the Port. The following were a few of the ladies' dresses noticed :— MrB. R. N. Miller—beautiful Rown ol black si'k. Mrs. J. E. O Brisn— black lace and cardinal,; diamond ornaments. Mrs. Calhouu—black and lace. Mrs. j. Gavin Hiilly—chenille and lace. Miss Adams—black silk and lace; very prettv. Mias Dean—black lace; a cbartuinc coBtume. Miss Lancashire—pretty dress of pink delaine. MIBS May Miller—lovely dress of shot silk and lace; diamond ornaments. Mies-.lj. Osborn—elegant gown ot blue silk. Misi Oaborn—prettily robed in brown silk. Mrs. Harvey—black merveilleux. Miss Mitchell—very pretty dress ot fawn nun's veiling. Miss Lancashire-pretty costume of brown delaine. Mrs. Gallop—black silk and cream lac«. Miss Bedford wore a pretty drefs. Miss Shepherd (Geelong) -black and gold. Miss D. Shepherd, Mrs. Giles, Mrs. Hitch, Mies 4. Harvay. Miss Nell Harvey—buautifnl dresses of blue tartan. Miss Dowd (Heidelberg)—very prettv dress of black silk and lace; diamond ornaments. Mies Doepel, Miss Sutherland. Miss T. Hitch— black and Brussels net. Miss Edie Hitch—white silk. Miss Emma Wright—vieui rose. The following gentlemen were among the invited:— Herr Kopff (Sydney), ProfeBsor H. I ogham (Sydney), M'. J. Gav&n; Beilly. Dr. Adams, M'. E. Harvev, Mr. G. Sutherland, Mr. W. Abraham, Mr. S. Blitchall Hill. Mr. S. llennon, Mr. Birrell, Mr. Lancashire, Mr llicb&rd; Harvey, Mr. ltohert Harvev, Mr. C&van;&gb;, Mr. A. Weedon Mr. J. Hitcb, llr. P. Webster, Mr. (!. Webster, Mr. D. Marcbaut Mr. ltohert Miller (Sydney), M**. Robert Miller (junr.), Mr. O. Gallop, Mr. W. Brown, Mr. Will. Brown. Sir. Rook. Mr. John Calhoun. Mr. Bfitcbell Hill, Mr. \V. Hitch, Mr. Dendall, Mr W. Oaborn. Mr. A. Lanfidon, Mr. H. Itcnfrey, Mr. Wright, Mr. A. D. Wilson. Os the Tuesday of last week Miss A. L. George was entertained at a complimentary noiree tendered by the Christ Church Hand of Hope and other friends. The entertainment took place in the Mechanics' Institute and about seventy ladies and gentlemen were present At an interval in the proceedings, the Mayor ol Brunswick, Mr. Fleming, presented MiBs George with a beautifully-illuminated address, Mr. Arnold George replying on belulf of his sister. The soiree was most enjoyable, and continued until one o'clock in the morning. " The Central" is the coolest nod irost popular Bcf reshment Reaort in Melbourne. Luncheon, Afternoon Tea ftod an Evening Qiill ore served in the he.t style, a»d patrons enjoy the convenience of Lavatories. Writing Tatilc-. Telepli ine anJ Parcels Office. Private&OOM; for Ladies. " THK CENTRAL " 141 EliuDeih-street, next futtle's, ' THE last ordinary meeting of the Austral Salon for the present year will be held this evening in the clubrooms, wben Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis will read a paper on " The Drama." There will be songs and recitatious by Misa Nora O'Shannessy, Miss Moore, Dr. Lager Erson, Miss Josephine O'Brien and Miss Osmond and others, and, being the holiday season, the remainder of the evening will be spent in a practical lesson in candy-making, every sample to be afterwards tested by the company. Early in January a French school will be started, in which the members and associates will have the benefit of four different professors. In every way the club will make a brilliant entry on the second year, which promises to be even more saccessful than the first. In January an anniversary entertainment will be given. Since Monday the rooms have been open from tea to six o'clock and afternoon tea is now available. A woman warden is in charge all day and the rooms are locking lovely. MJSS FLORENCE MBKIC-MKYER, the Australian pianist and composer, returned to Europe by the P. and 0. steamer Ocean a on Saturday, <ich December. Miss Menk-Meyer is accompanied, as on her previous journey, by her sister, Miss Milly Meyer. A GRAND bazaar and fancy fair was opened by His Grace Archbishop Cirr in the new Town Hall, St. Kilda, last Thursday afternoon. The bazaar, which is under the management of a number of influential ladies, is for the purpose of clearing off the debt on the presbytery attached to the Church of the Sacred Heart. The stalls, which are beautifully furnished with valuable and useful goods, are arranged round the room, and are draped with art muBlins and silks. They appear in the following order :—No. 1 Fancy—ftlesdames Wimpole, 0 Donnell, Hogan, Dynon and assistants. No. 2 Fancy—Mesdames Sandiel and Hote, and Miss Stapleton. No. 3 Fancy—Mesdames Corley and lOavis. Refreshments — Mesdames Rcardon, O'Neill, M'Allister, and Misses Moroney and Hagarty. Flowers—Mrs, and Misses Kigby. Mr, Wimpole runs the race game, and much fun is caused by electric shocks, which are dispensed very cheaply. A good band is in attendance during the evening, and songs are nightiy contributed by various local people. A FASHION A RLE company attended the annual concert held at " Oberwyi" on Thursday last. The first part of the programme, which was frequently applauded, was as follows:— Duo Piano,'Overture "Zarnpa" (Hirold), Misses 13. Daniels and A. Denis: Trio Violin (Danclal, MisseB Jo6hua. 13. Daniels and F. Gillett; Duo Piano, " Spanish Dance, No. 2 VMoecowski), Misses M. Dunne and P. Baker ; Recitation, " Romance of tbe Swan s NeBt" (Mrs. Brownipg), MIBS E. Caldor; Solo Piano, (a) "Serenade" (B) "Gavotte" (Heinecke), Mien B. M'Mullen; Beitette Violins " Variations " (Hermann). Miesea H. Dunne, M. Dunne, E. Daniels, - Joshna, — Biddulpb and F Gillett (accompanist, Mies N. Robertson), Solo Piano (a) "Melody in P' (Rubinstein), (b) " Fantasia Stock" (Scnarwenka), Miss M. Murphy; Song, "Alia Stella Confidents" (Hobaudi), Mr. H. G. Gooch (Violin Obligato, Sisnor SteBani); Recitation, MiSB Nellie Veitch; Solo Violin, "Mdlodie" (Bazzlni), Signor Steffani; song, Sigaorina BcbDttaro; SoIoPiano. " La Tronvere " (Liszt- Verdi). Signor de Ueaupuia. Muaical director, Mr. Otto Linden. The second part consisted of an allegorical French play, entitled " L'Australie," which was thoroughly enjoyed by the audience, the dressing and acting of the young performers being very good, while their accent was almost unexceptional. The play was followed by a pianoforte quartette by Misses M. Murphy, N. Robertson, T. MacMullen and A. Denis, and in this, as in the other pianoforte Humbert, the performers acquitted themselves moBt creditably. The cast of the play was as given beiow:— L'Australie, Miss I. Pile; Le Geoie doB Noirs, Miss E, Evans; Le Squatter, M«ster B. Synoot; Le Marin, Miss L. Gooch; Le Miuenr, Master J. Stanley; Le Cultivateur, Miss Daisy Goocb; Le Vent Chaud. Miss C. M'Caugbau: Le Gommier, Miss V. Stanghtoo; L,e Warn tab, Miss T. Godfrey; La Capillaire, Mias M.Clements; Le Mimosa, MissL. Dunne; La Clcmatito fia.uve.co, Miss A. Ball; LB Pois du Deaert, Miss M. James; L'Opossum, Bliss S. Richard; LOrmthoryuque, Miss C. Godfrev; IVOiseau- Lvre, MIBB M. Lowe; Le Perroqnet, Miss N. MMullen; LInseparable. Miss E. James; La Pie-Kieuse, Miss V. Smith; L Oisoau-blau, Mias N. S'nnot; LB Rouge- Gorm, Miss M. Jenner; L'Or, Misi M. Shilton; L'Areent, Miss T. Jenner; L» Charbou, Miss F. Haigb; Les Opales,Miss M. Stanley; Let Porlos. Miss A. Inskip; La Bruvdre, Mis; Iv Robertson; Les Nymphes de TAuati-alie, Misaes M. Ivvana, F. Staughton, P. Mais, G. Thornton, F. Guefdon; Chorus, Chusur deB Dragons de Villars- Maillard. Sous la direction de Mr. H. Gordon Gooch. TUK WAVKKLEY—!),<• newest, coolest and most' charming rendezvous on the Blo.-k. Fruit Lunch's, Light Befreihmantj, Ten, Cutfec, X^es. 4c. COLLI xs S REST nert Moubray. bowan una Ricks. A. fl. Wallace, Proprietor, LADY DAVIES will distribute the prizes at the breaking up of Mr. and Mrs. Clarke'B Ladies' College, Fawkner-place, South Yarra, on Friday, 19th December. The following programme will be presented on the occasion :— Pianoforte Duet, " Sonatine" (F. Kuhlau), Misses Dockerand Pefcors. " Little Bluebell and tbe Will o' tbe Wisp."—Bluebell, Miss P. Deroam ; Cnerry Ripe, Miss C. AmeEs; llosetta, MiBS E. Derbam; Xjorenzo, Master Campbell; Benjamin, Misa Docker; Fairy Sunbeam, Miss N. Finlayson; Prince Moonbeam. Miss Mountain; Fairy Golden Kty, Mastor Charlie Campbell; Fairy Golden Wing, Miss Evelyn Mountain ; Will D' tbe Wisp, Miss M. A. Mann. (Market Children and Fairies.) Pianc- Jorts Solo, " II Eigolotto" (Verdi-Liszt), Si?, de Beaupuip. French play, " Uue Fete au ParoasBe." Scene: TIIB Gardens of tbe Parnassns.—Personages.—IJO genie deB lettreB, Miss Kiddle; La Tragedfe. Miss AT. Kiddie; La Come die, Miss N. Fiolavson ; Le Draroe. Miss A. Mann; La Poesie, Mias M. A. Mann ; La Fable, Miss Peters; La Cbansom populaire et patriotiqne, Miss AinesB; Le genie de la France, Miss Docker; La fee meenager. Miss M. Mann. Pianoforte Solo, " Home, Sweet Home" (S. Tbalberg), Mies Andrews. "Lucretia's Ghost; or, a Lesson lor Life.''—Miss Lncretia Howard. Miss Clara Howard (visitors of Mrs. Woodville). Miss Kiddle, Miss M. Kid die; Ahgusta, Kitty (.Mrs. WoodviJie's daughters), Miss Barrows, Miss K Fiolayson; Susan (servant). MIBS Docker; Farmer Grub, Miss M. Kiddle; Farmer Clodpole, Miss M. Keild. Pianoforte Solo, " Highland Gems" ;W. Pape), Miss Andrews. Distribution of prizes. Address, Rev. H. Tucker. Miss WALTER, the well-known artist, gave a most enjoyable "at home" at her studios, Austral Buildings, Collins-street cast, on Friday afternoon, wheu her students made an exhibition of paintings that were highly creditable to pupils and instructor. MiBS Bam opened the programme with a pianoforte soto cxceiiently piayed, and later on she was also heard to advantage in another number. Miss Ida Grover also contributed a piano solo with successful results. Mrs. Tennyson Cole gave a song. Miss Ida Osborne sang with her customary success. Miss Josephine O'Brien was absent through illness, but Miss Nora O'Shannessy, who acted as substitute, charmed the company with her singing; and "The Mill Wheel," beautifully sung by Miss Myra Jirowne, with harp accompaniment, by Mrs. Lupton, was one of the most enjoyable numbers on the programme. In a duct for harp and piano Mrs. Lupton and Miss Walter were heard with very great pleasure. Tea, fruit and ices were 6erved all the afteruoon, and the " at home " passed off most pleasantly. The exhibition by the students, as we have remarked, was very creditable, and gave promise of much admirable work. Of the work exhibited we give a brief summary. The work of Miss Kmily Brown Wallacc shows considerable ability, her memory picture aud lilac—from nature—being very good. Miss Lottie Simpson's pictures are all good, a seascape, a rose study and a copy of "Disgrace " being her best work. Of Miss Jive Holmes' five exhibits the " Lincrusta Table " shows the most ability. "Lintern Abbey" rnd "Cupid," by Miss liery 1 Hum, are the most ere litable of that young lady's work. Miss Connie Summers, who is really a clever student, shows her best work in a scene near Mount Macedon and a screen. The work of the latter is entirely original, and will hti.u the effect of encouraging that class of work among her fellowstudents. Miss Annie King shows some Hoses from nature, and Miss Clara Swyera also shows fair work. A drain pipe, with original colouring, is the best of Miss lithel Lilly's entries. A bush scene, with original colouring, by Miss Nellie Wilding, is very good. Snow berries from nature, and one of Miss Tottie Cameron's oil paintings are very promising and show some good strong brush work. An oil scascapc, by Mrs. G. Fcthers, is worthy of commendation, and the Lilies—original—by Mrs. C. Duigan show some admirable atmospheric effects. Miss Ludie Graham has numerous pieceB exhibited, the clematis from nature, azaleas and lilies on glass and a landscape—copy—being the best. A dog's head on porcelain is the finest among Miss l'olly Mackintosh's pictures, and in a number of plaques Mrs. Schutze shows excellent progress. Miss Hilda Willouehby is an art student of much promise, and all her pictures are most creditable, the original work on the door panels being the best. Miss Annette Lynch shows a group of orchids from nature and a number of humorous sketches —all in water colours—in which she achieves some excellent results. Miss Rose Lynch has not attempted much original work, but her copies are all excellent. Miss Nellie tiledhill's best efforts have been expended on plaques. "The Mill \Vhecl," by Miss Liiiie RichardsonThe Rsd Bluff," by Miss Jjillie Isaacs; " Wild Flowers," by Miss Sista Brown, a Landscape by Miss C. Waddingham, a Landscape by Mr, JI. (Jrover, in water colours, and two pictures by Mrs. Henderson are the other pictures that call for special mention. CHRISTMAS Treat at the Children's Hospital and Convalescent Cottage.—Tothe JCditorof Melbourne PUNCH. —Sir,—Another year has passed, and I again appeal to you for your Bynipathy and suppoit on behalf of the Children's Hospital. Our friends and patrons have been so good and generouB in times past that I feci assured that only a few lines on my part will remind them that the Children's Hospital is stil! in existence, and any help they could give to make the little ones under my care happy and joyous at th is Christmas season will be thankfully received and acknowledged by me. And will you, Bir, kindly receive contribution?. Thanking you and all friends in anticipation of a kind response to my appeal. Contributions of money and presents of ali kinds will he thankfully received by me at the Hospital, Velh&m-street;, Carlton ; by Mr. W. Davis, estate agent, 23 Cbapel- Btreet, Prabran; Mr. J. C. O Kearney, chemist, Toorak-road, South Yarra; and Mr. J. Armstrong, news agent, Elizabeth street.—I am, yours, &c.;, S. A. BISHOP. S0C1A L—(Continued). IjAuy C'i.akkk, Miss Clarke, Lidy Devise, Mr. Clive Clarke, Captain Wallington, Lvdy Nicolson, Mrs. Ling, Miss Carter, Mr. Stanley Carter, Mr. tYillie Shields, Lirty Henjimin, Mr. and Mrs. G D. Carter, Madame Patey, Mrs. C. H. Nicolson, iJrs. ]'. Moloney, Mrs. Greene, Mrs. Mountain. Mrs. Afll;ck, Mrs. Cummiugs, Mrs. Thoroley, Sirs. "J ui'ubutl. Mrs. M. U. Beujimin, Mr. and Mrs. Simeon Cohen, Mr. Kssington King, Mrs. ShielR, Mrs. S. L?vey, Miss Kiith Jlonfall, Mrs. Horsfall, Miss Cora Greene, Mrs White, Misses White, Mrs. W. Wilson, Miss Mercjr, Misses llenjamiii. Consul M irks, Alias Budall, Mr. Youl and many other representatives of society, attended the exhibition of dancing by the pupils of Misses Hyams in the Melbourne Town Hill ou Monday evening. The exhibition was followed by a ball tendered to the young psople by the Mis9es Hyams, who deserve every compliment for the brilliant success of the entertainment. During the eveuing several presentations were made to these ladies, who now hold a prominent position in Melbourne as professors of fashionable dancing. In all the measures the pupils showei the ereatest proficiency, the accuracy of time, grace of movement and"altogether unu6ual precision of the performers being most, noticeable. Specially we must refer to the minuet de la cour admirably danced by a large number of children ; to the t%mbourine dauce, iu which Miss Lma licnjur.iu was a promiuent performer: and to the high top-boot and jockey hornpipe, admirably daucid by Master Kedmoud Nolan. The shawl danca of a huudred years ago, by Miss Olive Kingston, was a charming measure, and of the Spanish waltz, by Misses Horsfall, Alll^ck, Cummings and Smith, wecaunot speak iu terms suliinently praiseworthy. The assemblage thoroughly enjoyed the daucing of the Irish jig by Masters Fitzgibbon (2) and Carter and Misses Carter, Fraucisand Uaggott. A very graceful uuinberwas La Petite waltz by a Dumber of girls cirrying silver wands. In the Sylvia Gray dance Misses Staples, (ioldie, Nicolson, Sleight and Allen acquitted themselves most creditably. A gavotte with scarves, in whici Miss Nellie Much ell did the solo part, was much enjoyed, as was also the hornpipe which followed, In tbe Tarantella Galop Misses Kuby Kingston and Nellie Morgan performed very ably, and in the Polish dance Miss Tvnan and a band of children did admirably. Master Anderson and a company of children won much applause for the Tarantella. The fairy dance, by Misses Beauchamp, ISretnall, Cade, Coulthard, Caire, Kent and others, was really a splendid number. Master Gatehouse danced a Spanish dance, Miss Shirley Nicolson a measure a la Gracie Whiteford, Master Wbitelaw a sword dance and Miss l'earce a polka dance, all of which were gone through in a manner that reflected equal credit on teachers and pupils. Among the other really charming dances were a gavotte with fans, by Misses Green and Nicolson aud sixteen others, and an Irish jig, beautifully danced by MuBter Fred and Miss May Nolan. A fan dance, by Miss May Morgan, was much admired, and the French cotillons, by the Parkville Ladies'College, were gone through with groat grace and correctness. The lieel of Tulloch and the Scotch reel were also much admired, as, indeed, were all the numbers ou the extensive and attractive programme. Mr. Fred Youl directed the ceremonies, aod associated with him were Mr. Willie Shields, Mr. M'Kiuuon, Mr. L'Ejtrange Nicolson, Mr. Hirtie Nicolson. Mrs. C. H. Nicolson, Mrs. K. G. Fitzjibbon, anl Mrs. P. Miloney Wire the honorary secretaries and Mr. Kisington King acted as honorary treasurer. The result of the bill will leave over a hundred pounds t:> be divided amoni the charities. The scene was oae of the most picturesque ever seen io the Town Hall, and will not soon be forgotten. Among the little guests were :— Mister Kidinmd Nolan-Jock iy. Miss M*y Hon jam in —Empire dreBs. Miss Nina iieojamiu—Dinciag Girl. .Mister Cartel — Court costume. Miss May Nolan — Colleen Biwn. M ister Fred Nolan -Torn I'nurnb. Miss Kuby Kingston—Little Lnri Fauntlerjy. Miss Peng/use —Shepherdess. Miw Cunioiiogs-Queen of loses. MU6 Horsfall—Dinciug Girl. Mibb Horslall—Cornflower. Miss Hooper—Princess lljatrice. Miss L. M'Dowall -Queeo of the Stare. Miss E. Frassr—JSrideBinaid. Mibs Violet Dinhain—Queen of tbe Silver Mines. Messrs. George and George are making their usual grand display of toys and gifts for the holiday season, aud in this line this firm has succeeded in making a more attractive show than ou any former occasion. Id fancy goods, suitable for Christmas and New Year presents, there is a delightful variety of bunboo screens, with ineertious for photographs, the whole being eq lipped iu the moss delicate manner. There are also extending photograph Irtmes in various sues and shapes, aud a beiutiful variety of dressing, toilet, tourist aud manicure cases, with admirable tittings aud mountings of the new ape skin. Io purses aod lettercases, also, the latest novelty—pressed morocco—is shown in every shape, and with such excelleut (i itiogs, as dictionaries, cilcudam aud ivory tablets. In basket work we noticed a number of lovely simples, the most promiuentbiing fancy j trdin : ere=, pretty work baskets and folding music aid newspipjr stands, in the mis'; unique aid useful designs. Of the fans we cin Bay thit we have never seen a batter collection, ranging from the most beautiful (either fins, with pjarl sticks tinted to match the feathers, and dainty gauz? fans with lovely sketches, to the little ones that shut up so as to be able to be carried iu the pocket. A special line is made of the latter, and for this provision the Melbourne public will, during the coming weather, look on Messrs. George and George as public benefactors. For the children such glories of toydom have never been before revealed. There arc the rocking-horses in every size, horses and carts with removable harness, the new go-carts and the stables for their accommodation. Next we find soldiers in review and camp, menageries and specially-carved animals; while in mechanical toys tne variety is aB endless as it is unique. There are miniature dinner-sets, by which little ones could be tiaght useful lessons ; tiny ranges, where cooking can be done; dolls' (rowseaux, and, in fact, miniatures of everything interesting in real life, and facsimiles of all the beauties of Fairyland. The dolls' exhibition is a superb one, some being larger than their future mistresses, others being of the tiniest size, and all varieties of gesticulating, jointed and performing dolls range in between. Of the lovely Christmas cards no proeaic description could do justice to their beauty and novelty. Such lovely booklets, dainty calendars and pretty sachets have never been seen, the verses and designs being alike exceptionally good. A decided novelty is the newcard, which shows the photograph and autograph of leading actors, artists and beauties in some artistic surrounding. On Tuesday evening last "The Thespians," a local amateur dramatic and musical club, gave a performance in the Prahran Town Hall of Craven's musical comedy, " Our Nell." There was a large and appreciative attendance, Miss Emma Gosbell, in the title role, making a dccided hit, her singing being a feature of the entertainment. Mr. R. Scott, as Augustus Coddieson, and Messrs. D. Logan (Giles Freckleface, a Yorkshire nugget) and W. 11. Thirwell, as Tom College, were all really excellent. Mr. J. M. N. Mollov and Mr. T. W. Lloyd, as tbe Emmctts (father and son), were also well placed ; while Miss Josephine Samuel, as Mrs. CoddleBon (a doting mother), .was more than usually successful. The others in the cast were the Misses White, Marjorie Walters and Mr. A. Burman, who all gave universal satisfaction. Prior to the eomedy, Mr. Louis Lipman performed several clever feats of legerdemain, introducing some amusing novelties ; and during the evening the Prahran City Orchestra, under Mr. H. Whittaker, played some excellent selections. The staging and general arrangements were far superior to the majority of amateur performances, and reflects very great redit upon the stage-manager, Mr, R. W. Thirwell. 'J he scenery,painted by Mr. H. Legg.was really a pleasure to inspect. Altogether, "The Thespians" are to be congratulated upon a performance which, together with that of " Jingagert," played last July, entitles them to rank as second to no other amateur club in the metropolis. UamistoN and Son's Circus, Hippodrome and Wild Frontier Life Company are touriug the country at present with much success, They have in advance of them an agent who is a novelty. He wears a white flannel suit, with pale blue silk sash round the pants, wide open collar, large tan-colour "Cowboy" hat, and is clean-shaved. He walkB into the local printing offices and Bets up liis own advertisement, much to the astonishment of the employe*, overseer aud employers. When the newspapers are issued he visits ail the shops and pubs., asks to see the local paper, finds the paragraph relating to hiB company, and after marking it all round with blue pencil that it may the more readily attract attention, coolly walks out again. This may be " cheek," but it helps to " boom " the show. Thk proposed grand white "character and plain dress ball in aid of the Antarctic Exploration Fund promises to be the most successful entertainment of the kind given in this city. His Excellcncy the Governor and suite, Sir William Clarke, Bart., and Lady Clarke, Sir M. H. Davies and Lady Davies and a long list of influential patrons, have notified their intention of being present. The ladies of the Austral Salon, assisted by an influential committee of stewards, are working hard to ensure the success of the hall, both socially and finan cially. Several ladies and gentlemen intend personating one or other of the following historical and mythical characters:—Isabella of Spain, Queen Elizabeth, Queen of the Antarctic, Southern Cross, Aurora Australia, Snow Storm, Spirit of the Antarctic, Mrs. Jack Frost, Grace Darling, Peri of the Ocean, Polar Star, Rainbow, White Witch, Carrier Pigeou, South Pole, Amphitrite, Midnight, Morning Star, Mist and Dim, Norwegian Brides. The, Panama and Suez Canals will also have numerous representatives, and all, or nearly all, the ancient navigators and early discoverers of the last nineteen centuries, including Columbus, Cook, Magellan, Vasso de Gania, De Gonneville, lloss, J asman, Dampier, Flinders, La Perouse and a host of others. The committee charged with the ccoration of tbe building are preparing on a grand bCale scenes representing life in the Polar regions. A gentleman who cruised for nearly five years in the Arctic Seas in search of Sir John Franklin, assisted by others, will represent a party of Esquimaux in dress, language, modes of hunting, &c.; Many tons of ice will be used in the representation of icebergs, ice caves, dwellings, &c.; We arc requested to direct attention to the announcement in the advertising columns. In the arrangement of the decorations Signor Catani and Mr. Ji. Jerome Dyer are giving valuable assistance. A Senioii Cadet Company is being formed at Coburg. Those intending to become members are invited to forward their names to the promoter, Mr. K. G. Maddocks, 104 Collins-street, from whom further particulars can be obtained. Messrs. Howard Smith and Co. have issued invitations to the opening of the new pier at their Hcllarine Gardens, Point Henry, to take place on Saturday next. Ihe steamer liJina will leave the Sandridge railway pier at 1) a.m., carrying guests direct to the Gardens. The steamer JMIarinr will convey guests from Geelong upon the arrival of the 11.5a m. train from Melbourne. Thk Cj'elorama is a cool and pleasaDt retort during warm summer days, and the public seem to be aware of the fact. The fine representation of " Waterloo " appears to possess a perennial charm. Micsskk. A. J. Smith and Co., of Melbourne and Sandhurst, have favoured us with a variety of Christmas cards from their large and seasonable stock. Messrs. Smith and Co. are displaying unusually beautiful designs in the way of these favourite holiday reminders, and their supply will repay inspection. List of passengers booked per Oceana, leaving Melbourne, 6th December, 1890:—For London: Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Patterson, three children and two maids, Mrs. Parnell, Lieut, l'arnell, Miss Donald, Messrs. H. Donald and Sniders, Mr. and Mrs. Stewart, Misses Stewart (2), Haslop and Brown, air. and Mrs. W. T. Smith. For Brindisi : Mr., Mr?, and Miss Judd. From Adelaide for London: Mr. W. G, Hawks. From King George's Sound for London : Messrs. J. D. Falk and Colebrook. "A BOLT FROM THE BLUE." 