PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNIVERSARY. TIE anniversary tea and public mooting in con nection with the Primitive Methadist Church, Lagoon.street, look place lost evening. Theotea was laid in the school-room, and about 130 sat down to a nice repast provided by Mrs. Grunseoll eon., Mrs. Morgan sen., ers. Kodwell eon., Mrs. Butt, Mrs. Hall, and Mrs. H. Kudowell. The publio meeting was held iu the church, and was well attended. After the proceedings had been opened devo tionally, the Rev. W. Sparling apologisod for the absence of the Rev. J. B. Penman, who had been unable to come, and invited Mr. D. Kard well to take the chair. The Chairman said they were met for very important busincess. It was said by some people to be a good thing for a church to be in debt; but ho had never eeon that, and he considered it was a good thing when places of worship were out of debt. Ho had occupied the chair at these meetings for 31 years, he thought, and he knew that the pressure of a church debt fell upon a few. This obhurch was built about cloven years ago, and he had paid £10 per year towards getting the debt off for ten years. They had made a opoeial effort and raised £100, and had now reduced the indebtedness to £310. Hohoped the people would take a share of the burden and that the young people would help. If churbches were allowed to got into trouble and difliculties what would become of their childron ? Io hoped they would sce the necessity of leading their children to the house of God aud encouraging them in habits of industry and sobriety. He believed in Bible Christians, and hbe advised the people to roed the Scriptures for themselves. l3esidoa reading different chapters at various times he had gone through the Bible thirty times. He was aware that he had done many thinges he ought not to have done and loft undone those he ought to have done; but the Scriptures bad been a great guide to him. He exhorted the young people not to be content until they had become Chrietians. The Rev. W. Sparling was called upon to read the finanoial statement, which wee as follows: talancctshoo t for Church Anniversary, 7th Hay, 1800. Incomne. £ an Inccon o lanst maivcrsary, tnehodine donatione collections, and prcede ot teanmeetinga ......Be ........... ,. 11 Seat rents for months ................. ......3 0 olettfor schoolreoom.............. T 0. t.. to Beceived from SundAy-schoolg 0b.............. 3t 0 Mr. Granesll, , onation b.................... w00 0 Mre. I. tadwells dsonatio, wohich oi hadob on coditionlly promisoed..... .... ............... 100 0 Ialanc in und last nniversas ry.............. 73 1 £20O1 12 it Dlsbureemonts. Interst tore onoyear.... ...................... .. 814 0a .ightinogond clcaniug ........................... 3710 Iuea c pre ima ........................ ........ 3 1 ostpse d palings or ro-buildig shced ....... 5 Advertisinglbastanteivr ory e.... ... t 80 t0 Ooldryfpoymants ..................... ,...,.... 1 00 Incested io Buildinog Sacioty..................... 100 0 5 raidoludsbi.... . . . .. 100 0 t 278 1 0 B]alancesinhbend .........,......,..,...,...,,.. 01 125 £20t 13 11 The reason why the £100 was invested in the Building Society weas that the time for which the £400 weas borrowed from r. Podley bud not expired. Two or three years ago the debt on the ehurh stood at £740o. They trusted to be able to pay off in August £40 by the proceeds of this anniversary, and then the debt would be reduced to o£300. Asthe work of God could not be carried on without moley it was us well to be in a solmnd financial state. In other respects they had made some progress during the yeor. They had had very good congregationus, especially on the Sunday mornings. The sabbath-echool had alco, ho believed, maintained its members, and the work was carried on very earnesetly by their band of teachers. Ho was oorry to say they had lost oone good worker during the year by rsmovr--Mhr. Saoble; but they had another friend, who, might say, hooad come to take his plc--Mbr. Holmes, whom they welcomed. Mr. Holmes had recently started a Bible Claess, and was also a local preacher. He was pleased to se the Rev. A. Mot. Tait present at the meeting. Mr. Holmes said this weas the first pubio mheting he had attended in this acountry. Ho congratulated them upon their good arralgo monts-their excellnt tea-maeeting. They were celebrating their anniversary, and the thought had struck him ina connection with that what did they exist for. The main object they had in view was the glorying of God in the litfting up of mankind. the church weas not only bricks and mortar, the glass, and wood, but those who were members and hearers oom prised the ehurch. As this was so, did not oomothing depend upon them as well as upon their psdtor They could not l rolegate their dltes to their pastor. They osuld net just give their money and tohisk they would appease God. God had a demand upon their time and abilities. God did not give them their ficulties for the purpose of satisfying their needs only, but also to help to fill the minds and hearts of other people; and if they professed to be Ohribtianon they must feet that someasthing woas despendent on them towaerds helping to ftill the ehurlh. They would find that half the people did not go to places of worship. They became nssooiated with various people, and if they had the leaven of the love of Jesus Christ in their hearts to the full extont that they ought to have they would be the moons of leavening the whole lump. He did not believe that God sent anyone into this world without a talent, and if Ho sent anyone with a talent that he was not to Ouse it. If they had a much interest in their spiritual nature aos in their temporal nature they would be talk ing about it--they would not bse afraid ol confessing Christ before mon. Ho felt that it would not lower him in the eyes of the public to be a Christian, but it would raite him ; but he was not a Christiau for that purpose. Let each do the work to his hand. As 1n physical so in spiritual matters, people who did not work stulitifiord themselves ; but if they wont out and throw out their sympathies to the poor perishing world about them they would fool that they were living for a purpose. IfI they had never started work for the Lord may God help them to start now, nod the oxporiouce of every Christian would be that they would be able to do it better next timne. The Roy. J. Ashmond said it was something over twenty years since he had visited Goulburn. He had formed his first friendships here, and they were truer and deeper than any he hbad over formed. He saw a great improvement in the city; and as a ohurch they had made great ad. vanement, anud he was sure the filuancial condi tionu of the church spoke well for the liberality of the people. He liked the Goulburn Primitive Methodists because they were loyal to their church. He was sure thloeyhadco-operated with their pastor, and no church could succeed unless that co-operation oxisted. A ehurch could bh advancued in many directions besides the holding of storices. The welcoming of strangers was a good feature, an, he believed if the social tl mont were cultivated it would itnd to the sucoeess of the church. How were they to gather in and retain the masses ? He thought it would be a very good thing if they had a strangers' welcome society. The Primitive Methodist Church was a working church. It was not by apparently great efforts that the foundations of real prooperity wero obtained, but by each in dividual laboring in iis particular sphere. Every one exercised au influenos either for good or bud. They as Christiuen should be earnest and zealous in their efforts. Could they say that the Church was keeping paes with the progress of science and artP They believed that the great power of God which had prevailed in the past would over come the scepticism and indifferention of the proesont ageg. What the Church wanted was a fulloy baptism of the Holy Ghost. They wanted to boup and doing. This was an age of educational advounomoent; but they must be careful that the spiritual nature weas not neglelcted. They had met withi those who were as morally depraved as they were intellectually great. There was only one remedy for the world's malady-the goseel of Jesusoa Christ. As p sootion of God's Church lot their motto be " The worjd for Christ." A collection was than taken op.. The Reo. Mr. Sparling yado a further reference to financipl matters, ?nd solicitpd eub scriptions. The proceeds of tbhe annivereary woroe--Collected by Miss Morgan, £8 1is; public collections, £5 Ies 5d; proceeds of tean, about £7; donations; Mr. D. Kadwell, £2; Hr. H. Kadwell, £9 i Mr. W. Walker, £2; Rev W. Sparding, £2 ; Mr. G. Iding, 5l; Mr. J. W. Wombey, £1 lse; Mr. Pedley, sen., £1; Ir. F. Loo, £1; Mr. J. Smith, 10s. Total, £33 18e Od. The Royev. A. . Taie said he had come to the mooting to show his sympathy with them in their work and espooially with their very estimablo minister, Mr. Sparliog, whom he esteemed very highly. He hoped that when Mr. Sparling's additional term'of twelvo months had expired he would bo apponted for another three years. He was pleased ~j see their fluancial success,and was also glad to notice tlbat they alppered to be increas ing numeoricsally. There teah bolsa for nall the churches. He thought each cong ogtiodi wos the architoect of its own fortunos, and they had the most searching inspection. The Eye which saw all thoughts was constnntly upon them. "oith some congrogrations it took a minister as much os he could do to keep inline the members of his own congregation and he had no time to devote to others. Many of the people oseemed to enjoy looking on at those who worked. Unless they wore active and diligent congre gations could not expect fo prosper. He tincerely wished them and their minister every gonod thing. The Rev. F. Bladeo gave n brief but thoroughly praotical address, dealing partiuonlarly with the subject of finances and appealing for further subscriptions. Ho said ho hod the money question very much in his mind just no, having a chargeo in which money was urgently required. Ho was always glad to show his sympathy, and if they would allow him to give them a motto he would give them one word and he askled them to go homo and analyze it-a word that would comfort them and make them glad all their lives--the word " OChriet." On the motion of ,r. P. Orunsell, seconded by Mr. Petors (Herrilla), a vote of thanks weas cocorded the ladies for the tea; and on the motion of Messrs. Walker and Gruolsell a imilar compliment was accorded the Rev. J. Ashmead and the viciting rocal clergymen. In responding to the latter the Rev. Lr. Aebshmead spokle most highly of tho Rev. LIr. Sparling. The Revs. A. H. Tait and F. Slado aleo briefly replied. The thanks of the nudienco having been heartily tendered to the chairman and the choir, the proceedings closed with the doxology and honediction. A word of praise is due to the choir for the highly creditable manner in which they eang a number of hymns during the ovcning. 