iThe Man in The Mask ; on, A Desperate Stratagem. Told by ak Ei Djsteciive. During four months 'Tbe Man in the Mask' was a oelebrit; in Winoliff and around: the place for several miles. He was also a mystery. His existence oould not be doubted even by those who hadhot seen him, because tbe storieB told of his occasional appearances were so clear and circumstantial as to be ab solutely convincing, j Those who had seen him remembered tbe tpeeting with pain. His interviews with the tew persons he bad chosen to favor wilh bia attention were usually short, sharp and alarmingly earnest. aeaomanaen ait me money, me ivtw}a,aau any other articles of value which the person whom he confronted chanced to bave in his possession, and the demand .was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative waa in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, - and presented fall in the face of the person whoso goods were required. -The men who bad met ' The Man in the Mask, ' and continued their wajr much poorer in consequenoe, could not describe him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey mask. They could tjalj seo he was a big fellow, with -a hunch on bis back, mounted on a poweif nl horeo, and that his voice was deep and griiff. ' Tho people in WinoliQ did not know any man jnho answered to that im perfect description. His appearanoe had not been made at any place more than five miles distant fromj Winoliff, yet to everybody in and around , the place the daring robber waaamyatery. In no instance had tbe mysterious Man in tbo Mask found it neoesaary to inflict bodily injury in order to secure the booty he eought. But tbe fact that bo was a robber who re vived tbe practices of the highwayman of old was snflioently dirqnieting. It might be Bome chivalrous sentiment that led him to Bpare the persons and tbe pooketo of men whose all was bpt a little. He appeared only to thoBe who were reputed rich, end extorted from fear the gold he oould not gain by more lawful and honest means. He was, there fore, very satuially set down in the minds of all law-respeoting persons as a miscreant whose' suppression became an imperative duty. -Tho performance of the duty devolved on me, and I Bet myself resolutely to the task of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in tbe Maak. .One Of?ningim February a gentleiuiia namfd Woiham was driving towards Win-1 cliff. \His vehiole waa a light gig, in. whioh he frequently travelled long diBtancefl, and displayed all tbo good points of the horse tbat happened to be nnder bis control. A hobby of bis jouth, whioh did not appear to Iobb any of its strength though his age wasjn tbe fifties, waB.to drive a good horse, and his ample .means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all seasons.: Mr. Welham waa driving towards Winoliff, in tendns to patronise its well known hostelry, tbe Itoebuck Inn, for the night, and to drive over the twenty-two miles of, road that lay between Wiocllff and London on the follow ing morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, and the horse waB pursuinghis way at'a moderato pace when IeBS than five miles from tho intended halting-plaoe. Tbo traveller was anticipating tbe light, warmth, and aiimal comfort for man and beast that wero lii bo fonnd at tbe inn, when an evefnt ocour/ed tbat gave a very different tone and obardjbter to hia thoughts. Mr Welbam was epproaohing a point wherp a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road/ When near that point, a monnted man suddenly emerged from the lane and reined up ma horse in the centre of the road as if to bar pis progress. Mr. Welham peered into tbe rider's faoe as be approached him. i It would be moro exact to say he looked inquir iDRly at that portion of tbe man botween brmst and hat, bnt failed to discover a face. 11 Stop I' was shouted in a muffled voice. Ihe stringer's arm was extended, and a ahlning revolver ' was plainly seen firmly crisped in bis hand, tho muzzle of which looked like a round, dull, blaok eye, staring menacingly into Mr. Welbam's face. In aa instaut the gentleman realised that he waB in the presence ot the redoubtable Man in the Mask. ; -? why should I stop ? Who aro you to give suoh an order?1' exclaimed Mr, Welbsim, at' tho Bame time, however, pulling up his horse aa its head nearly touched that , of the animal on whioh the maalied man was mounted. ' Stop to aave your me, u you tiling it worth saving. If your horse moves a yard I'll stop bim with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, if youlike. You see, I hold your life in my hands ; but I don't want your life if I can get your (money without it. I am desperate,' and I oan't waste time. ' Do what I ask, and you msy go on without any hurt ; refuse, and the next in atant you will be a dead man, and I will take what I want.' It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest voiooTKt'Vsmo irGm b&taai; Ihe liiGsK.' Iffie' words were not Bpoken in a way. that gave any hint of agitation oi passion,/ The voice was probably disguised, but it vjas so ovenly emitted that the hearer could n^t doubt the speaker meant to' do all he slid— even to murder— rather than permit his victim to evade or frustrate him. \- ' What do you want ?' Mr. Welham said, recognising the necessity , for coming to terms with bis assailant. ' Money. and everything I may turn into money. Quiokl. Your purse, your wateb, your jewels* Lay them in my/, hand — b.11. Drop the reins, If you attempt to esoape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick I —and beware I' - „ The Man in the-Mask walked bis horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr. Welham co vered wilh the revolver Until the muzzle of the weapon nearly ttfnohed bis ear. Tbe gentleman instantly/ droided .'tbat be must submit to the robbery as the leaat of two evils ! between whioh he wis compelled to choose. The property ' demanded was plaeed in the robber's left band. -Ho transferred it to a. pocket in the aide ot the long dark cloak ho wore, which completely covered him from i the e«r« to the knee, 'You have rgbbed me of everything,' Mr. Welham eaid, hoping tho Man in tho Mask would Bccept that intimation tbat hiB busi ness was oompleted and pormit the viotim to 1 pursue his way. ' - 'Not yet. You have a book, or case, that may bo filled with valuable papers,' ' Only a few letters and papers relating to bnBineso.', 'I want none of them. But bring ont your book and open evory sorBp ot tho paper before me, Do not try to cheat mo, mind.' ' Cheat repeated Mr. Welham, particu larly emphasising the word. He produced bis pooket-book, however, and proceeded to open each pa[er it oon tained, so that tbe robber, in she light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover its character. From an inner poeket ot the book tbo masked man direetcd him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound notes. It is hardly necessary to add that tbe robber immediately oaused them to bo placed in his hBnd. He direoted Mr. Welbam to Becure bis other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horeo and drivo baok along the road he had traversed. When be bad driven about a mile, be might return ; but if ho attompted to follow the Maek, the consequences would be fatal. -- Half an hour after bia unpleasant adven ture on the road, Mr. Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in Winoliff. His first care was for bis horse, whioh was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journoy. When he had eeen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught ot brandy and water, and asked the nearest way to the police station. ' The polioe station, sir I I hopo none of the men about our place have been uncivil? Mr. Hilyard wonld deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one in the lioebnak,' eaid a man, who appeared to bo tbe actual mansger ot the establishment, and second in authority to Mr. Hilyard only, who was the landlord of tho inn, ' No, no ; I've nothing to say against any body at. the inn - hilt I hd-jn husiness at tho station. Is Mr. Hilyard at home V 'Yce, sir. . He was hero a few minutes ago. Sball I ring for him 1' ' Do, please.' . . The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made his appearance after a few eeconds. His. orisp, fair hair, open oountenanoe, and generally well-fed appearanoe, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a decidedly pleasing impres sion. 'I want a word with you, landlord,' said Mr.Welbam, ' At your Bervice, sir. Will you step in here?' eaid the obliging Boniface, opening a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that waa used as an office, and was also the governor's ' private room downetairs. - Mr. Welbam stepped in, and immediately told Mr, Hilyard of bis encounter with the Man in the Mask,' The landlord was sorry and indignant at tbe samo time. 'I've tried all I can to find out the fellow, and I believe the detective office in London is looking after bim, but it doesn't seem to be a bit of nee. He oomes and be goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or eeven gentlemen in a few months, but nobody seems able to guesB where bo comes from, nor where he goes to. He's a real puzzle, sir.' 'Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine in money and goods just now. I thought it best to tell you, because you may put other gentlemen on their- gnard. I must give information at the police oili-:e, Whero iB it?' ' Only a few minutes' walk. I'll send a man to show you.' „.-',Yea ; I'vo lost toO much timo alroady.' The landlord opened hia door and spoke to his manager. 'Call Brown bt.ouce. Tho MaBk is. out to-night, it seems.'j^Jhi^^^^pman was a few miles lo'dge'information, H to the station.' Brown was soon in Jo /I bery was reported In tbe tU?4i ,, ' o'ojt / ?{ property described, and once motb tuPl / authorities were Roused to exert their po'wuiv, for the capturo of the Man in the Maek. It happened tnat the discovery ot the rob ber, who committed his depredations in a style so muoh liHe that of highwayen of tho Dick Turpin era| was' nearer than oven the ? -,i — n-kn' had pii ff-' i n [1 could have Kuuiiciuau ? ? . — ? ? ? ? hoped. A oouple q» hours after Mr. Welbam's return lrom tue police Btation he was in the smoko-rooffl -of the inn, when the manager approaohoi liim. ..... 'Mr. Hilyard wisheB to Bpeak to you, if you can sparo a minute,' ho said. ' I can Bparo ten minutes if Mr. Hilyard has anything particular to say.' ' He will see you in his private room, if you please. He says the matter is import ant.' Mr. Welham went to the little room be fore described, and was much struck by the serious expression of the landlord's faoe. ' You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from tbe etation has been here. Ho tells me some money has' been stolen, and -tbat the sov ereigns have a peculiar mark. If any sov ereigns with that mark comes into my bands I am to ask the person who offers it where he got it, so that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost?' 'Yes; there were six sovereigns in my purse, and a small v-, with a fine line before and after it, were earatahed nnder the bead of eaob,' Mr. Welham replied. 'That is the mark the policeman de scribed. I see now it wbb your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I oan tell is that I gave a eovereign in change, with just such a mark, not more than a quarter ot an hour belore I heard of it.' ' That iB astonishing I Are you suro tbo mark waB exaotly like mine 2' . . 'Yes. I cannot be quite positive about the lineB, but I remembor tho w distinctly, and I believe thero was a little scratch before and- after the letter, just as if they were intended to shut it in, like.' 'Precisely.' 11 1 noticed it when my man gavo it to me. J.had sent him out jn tho afternoon to col lecTa few .snfilf.''aesouSfs, ana' ifS* ? como back until after you arrived. Then he was drunk. He had got , only one pound seven from one' of my. customers, and when he paid it in- 1 sent him oil to bed. That mBtked sovereign was tho one he paid me, and I looked at it cloBely at the time. I must get rid of him,' !'I must see him at once, Bir. - As your man gave you one .-sovereign 'boating my mark he may bave more. He may be the masked tobbet himself, or he must know where ho can: be found,- I-inBist on the man's being questioned and searched I' Mr. Welbam exclaimed, oxcitedly. ? ?? '?It is only natural, that you Bhould, sir, and I am willing to aid yon in every way. -But, you aee, it-would be little less than, tuin to mo if a Buspioion got Out tbata highway robber was one of my servants, and slept in this house. We must be able to prove.it. Then.I shall help you to punish him; and. that will remove all snspioion from the house.' 'But while wo are talking hore the man. may esoape, ITor Heaven'^ sake drop words and come to action?'' HrV Welbam ex elgimed. ' He was too far gone in liquor to mako any attempt to escape beforo some time in the morning. I will send a lino to the sta tion asking for two men to bo sent hero directly, or you may send the note. . When the men are here, wo will go to his room and s a'ten him. Perhaps tbe eight of policemen will help ns to get the real truth from him,' said tbe landlord. ' Very likoly. . But there ia ho time to be loBt. Give me paper, and I will write.' Tbe paper was laid on the table, and Mr. Welham wrote a few words requesting the presence of responsible officers at tho Roe buck Inn. Another lino intimated that a oluo to tbe identity of the masked robber had been found. A few minutes later a sergeant in plain clothes and a constable in uniform were in tbe Roebuok. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant about tho marked sovereign be had received, and gave tho name ot tho man to whom ho had given it. Tbo latter lived about three miles away. Then tho four went to tho little baok room over an outbouse where tbe suapeoted man-of-all-work Blept. Tho entry of. the whole party did not awake the sleeper. ' Searoh first,' suggested Mr. Welbam, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been oarelessly thrown on a chair. The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust bia fingers in the pookctB, finding only a sixpence and thice pennies, which he at once returned.' ' There is nothing hero but apipe, tobaoco, and dirt,' whiBpered Mr. Welbam, after examining every pocket be could find in the ooat. ? ? ' There's money here, I think,' said the sergeant in plain-olothcs, speaking in sup pressed toneBi He had carefully lifted ft pair of troueera that lay upon tho bed, and had drawn from One of tho pookets a littlo paoket wrapped in a piece of newspaper. On opening this paoket it was foand to tho plain-clothes man looked at themolosely, and tbo marks were plainly diseernible nnder tbo head of eaob. Tbe coins were refolded in the paper, and returned to the trousers pooket. Then the sergeant seized tbe sleeper, by tho shoulder and Bhook him roughly. ' He awoke and sprang up to a Bitting posture in the bed, when the constable in uniform stepped for ward ready to grapple with the man should he resort to violence. \- ' Why— I say— what's the matter I What do you all want?' the man ejaculated, as he became thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in oonfusion. ' Your master wants to ask you a question. But be careful what you say. I must take notice of every word,' eaid the sergeant. ' But what's it all about? I'll answer any question Mr, Hilyard wants to ask me. What is it!' ' I want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you thia afternoon when he paid hisaocountf' ' You want to know that I I think you ought to know when I gavo it to you. It waB a sovereign, two two- Bhillin' pieces, half a crown, an' a staiU'm'. He Baid I might keep .1,- n T AiA » . ' Did you give me the eovereign you got from Mr. Benson? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you came here drank.' ' No, sir — not drank. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk. . I'd bad a few drinks, I know, 'oauBo I'd been about a bit, bnt I knew what I was doin'.', 'I ask — did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson?' ' Do yon mean to say I didn't 1 I'll swear I did.' ' Had you any other sovereigns }' 'No; I don't have many sovereigns about me, exoept when I'm paid a few for you.' 11 The sovereign you gave mo was marked,' ' I didn't mark it.' ' But you have other sovereigns^Vuyonr j^jjketwiththe same mark on.^-fflnn ,or reason to mAt,? yours. Sergeant Jjynefl sea -. ^ snem there.' 0-?o °4ti ? ' Searched 1 Pound them I1' exclaimed, Q1B tuiuuieiy jjtviLijj.jnauo niuiui, *' Yes ; I must take you into custody on suspicion of having stolen the money. .This gentleman has been robbed, and 1 havo found part of the stolen property in your pooket. You must oome with me.' ProleBtations of innoconoe were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but tbey could not alter f aotB, and thsy were unavailing. Jake Hieoough was conveyed to the polioe station. Tbe memberB of the local force were jubilant at the thought that the long-dreaded Man in tho MaBk had been captured and inoarcerated in Winoliff, the oentral point around whioh ho bad moved aud committed hia various crimes. A few minutes aftet Mr. Welham had re ported his loss to tbe poliae authorities in Winoliff, news of the robbery was. wired to the headquarters of the deteotive depart ment in London. Aa Booii ss'! appesrsd iu tho office next morning the case was! given into my hands. ~ I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to' bring tho offender to justice, and I started at onoe to commence my investigation of a case in which I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in Winoliff before the prisoner bad been taken before the magistrate, and it waB there I learned nearly all the particulars I have mentioned. in the first place, I was curious to see the man who had become a criminal celebrity. My first view oi Dim waB obtained tnrougn tho grating in the door of tho cell in whioh he was confined. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my preoon oeived notion of a desperate; highwayman,- , But we know hu'w deceptive and misleading ' appearance frequently are. Tho spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person of more than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Hiscough, and Ho replied to me with the air of a man whom tho discovery of his crime had utterly confounded, I could not gain from tiiiag lCi''.? than repeated assuranoe of hia innocence. When I Said iilC sovereigns in his pooket told a different tale, ha said:. ... ' I know nothing about them sovereigns, : Tbe devil must have put them there. I never did. I hadn't even a sbiliin' the last time I remember feelin' for money, an' how five pound oame to be in my pooket I don't know, I believe there's some dodge in the whole affair that I oan't understand. Tbe gentleman that waB robbed or -Bergeant Lynes knows moro about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of. a mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about tbe road aftet dark neither. I oan tell every place I- waB in, an.' I swear I never saw that money before I saw it in the sergeant's-hand, it swe'arin' will do me any good. . ' Sweating will not save you from being committed for trial, or, at least, remanded, I'd help you if I could. If you can tell me where you were, and if others oan prove you were not near tbe plaeo when the gentleman was robbed, that will show that yon oan't bavo robbed him. . A man oan't be in too plaoeB at one time, even if he has Blast horie to ride.1' 'I wasn't on the back of & horfle all yea* - terday.' 'Assertions without proof are no defence agfi:n-t Btrong evidence. The finding of the money in yoar pocket will re(juiro alot of ex« ^ ' plbining.' 11 An* X oan't explain nothing about that. . I don't know how it oamo tbero, an' I don't know how long it was there; in fact, as I said before, I don't know anything about it.' The prisoner named & few persons with whom he tatd ho had been about tho time at which tho robbery was oommitted* I made notea ot the ootncB and places ho mentioned, intending to test tbe nccuraoy of his .state* mcnts by porsonal inquiry, Mr. Welham oould not sot olt on hi& drive to London bo oarlyashe bad intended that morning. He appeared in the court when tbo prisoner -was brought up on the charge ct ' having committed robbery, from' tho person . on the Qaeen's highway. He asserted tbat the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's Eooket were part of tho money of which ho , ad been deprived under threat of death j ? f Mfe bat, aB tho robber was masked, and as ho ap- ) peared to bo humpbacked, ho could not say whether the prisoner was the man. Mr. Hilyard told his story, whioh was clear and ciroamstantial. He had sent to the gentleman to whom he gave the sovereign in ohunge, bat had not yet beard from bim, The landlord's statement left little doubt as to tbo prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lynes de posed to finding tbo money. The piieoner, when questioned, said he was not near tho soene (-f the crime when the robWy w&e; ' committed. He could prove that by c«iiinR witnesses, and ho would swear he did not know anything about tha monoy found in bis pocket. After hearing all, tbo magis trate agreed to remand the prisoner for three days, during whioh the mopt eearching inquiry Bboald be made. - Soon as tbe prisoner was removed from . iao aocK, l arranged witn tno polioe autnon tieB lor an immediate and rigorous search of the room he had slept in at the Roebnok Inn. Without appearing to take a prominent part in the business, I aooompanied the Eoarchera and superintended their proceedings. Mr. Hilyard afforded ns facility to visit the ^ places in which the prisoner wbb principolly employed ; but a very thorough Bearoh failed to discover any other particle of tho etolen property, or any . article of attire corre sponding to the description Mr. Welbam bad given. While in the yard of the inn I asked tho OBtler whether Jake Hiscoagh had taken oat s horse the preceding evening, and learned ? that he had not. Mr. Hilyard had ridden oat for abont an hoar in the evening to call on a gentleman who lived a few miles away, bat he handed the horse to the ostler again aboat half an hoar after dark. I then went in searoh of the persons whose names I bad jotted down* I spoke abont the trial and the charge, and what I learned from Jake's friends oorroboratcdi what he had told me. 11 1 oan swear, an' so oan others, Jake never loft the Grey Goose from about half past three till nearly six o'olook. We were playin' quoits till it got darken1 then wo turned into the parlor an1 played dominoes till Jake went home. He was a bit 'fresh,' bat not more so than I was. He might 'ave called somewhere else on the way — I dar'say he wouldn't pasB the Kelson without callin' in for a glass — bat it was a long time after dark when he left mo. He's not a likely sort to be taken for the Man i'. the Mask.' Before sight I had learned enough to eatisiy me tnat Jake could not have com* ..._ mitted the robbery. But how was the presence of tbe ooins in his pooket to . be aooounted for? And how did it happen that only the marked money Bhould be . found in his possession, while thirty poands in notes, a gold watoh and chain, and two' diamond rings had atierly disap peared. I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly. I put the different little items of knowledge together, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain olear idea out of l:fearnnS{mL^M.l«twn^I_wa3 fully Hiscough wob not the robber, t h ou -v.^ko ? ^ of the booty was found in his pooket ; tho ? — other was that Jake had met the real Man in the Mask, and l oould find bim. . As early- as :possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate, and.sent word that I wanted a few words on important business. He gave mo an interview at onco. I told him my bnsinest in Winoliff, and then laid before him tho theory I had iormed the night before. I cannot dc soribe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I . believe he thought as I did at last, I went from his bouse with a searoh warrant in my pooket. Then I went to the polioe odiae to complete arrangements for the step I intended to take. The landlord of the Roebuok ' Inn was ? - ?? ? partaking of hiB rather late breakfast when I, two polios sergeants, and four men entered his hostelry on serious business. . His ruddy complexion faded to an aeby paleness when I told him I held a warrant empowering me to seBtoh his house for stolen goods. Recovering from the stun ning effect of the intelligence, he made a step toward me as if he would kill me, but tno of the men following instructions pre viously given, stepped before him, 'We havo to- do our duty, Mr. Hil yard, and I hope you'll not make it more unpleasant. We must searoh yonr rooms even if we have to overcome opposi tion.' ' Caged I— oaught I Six men to one I' ? he hissed, glaring at the men be re garded as enemies with an expression of face that was wholly, suggestive ot mur der. ' I'll go up with you,' he added, ? ? :- suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. ? » No. Rtr. You wonld not assintns — I-wlH ' cave three men hero to prevent you from following ub,' said the sergeant— after whioh mnounoement Mr. Hilyard sank, seemingly powetless, in n^olmlr. . ? 6ur progress was no longet impeded. We went to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and in a small box on- the dressing table found the gold watob, the diamond tings, and tha noteB whioh Mr. Welbam had lost. In . another box, fastened with a padlook, we found a tightly-folded parcel, whioh, on being opened, was found to oontain some of tbo properties used in the 'make-up' of the Man in the Mask. There waB the , long, datk cloak, with a bnndle ot glass- I jt ^9!&S-- Si;*ft-^-lb^'''H»'3er^b'etween' TTTTT ? Ji shoulders to eiouloto a hump when worn. Within that was a dark hat ot soft felt, to tbe inner edge 01 the rim ot which CT'~~ and extending halt around it, was firmly taokedapieoe ot stiff pasteboard, with two n' round perforations about two-thirds of its length from the bottom. It was datk -*k drab in color, and that was the mask whieh „ \ ^ had so long shielded the tobbet bom tecog- ' , ' nition, ? 4 -j ' Attest Ot Mr. Hilyard immediately fol- :i lowed these disooveties. At hie subsequent ? trial he confessed that hs had placsd tbs ' M marked 'money- in Jake Hisoough'a pooket - while he slept. Soon as he tetotnecF after / ?:.??? '.'VaM the robbery he had given One ot the stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in shange. - Ha . - afterwards learned that the gold was marked, ' and teared it might be teased to him. To turn snspioion from himself be invenUd tha soheme we have desorlbed. But ounning andonsoiupulous wroDg did not prevent tha judge ftom condemning, to jpsnal s«rvitodeforj ten years Ihe mjittjwus ' H « '-S, \- # 