CHAPTER XIV. A REALITY TJNDEIt THE SEEMIKG. Upon the morning after the double ap pearance of the "spectre " of. Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at the breakfast table at the usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face, of. having passed a sleeplessand anxious night. The young marquis had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night as to have quite for gotten his . second betrothal to Miss Monk. ' ' . But Sylvia, as^nay be supposed, had not forgotten it." There was a tenderness in her manner, a soft reliance upon\him; a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd the fact; that she was h;s betrothed wife. His face, however, did not brighten at the remembrance, and the haggard look in his blue eyes even deepened. He-was strangely silent throughout the meal, although Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, who Came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Chetwynd's arm with the air of one having a right to its support, and walked through the great hall to the winter morning-room. " Ob, Roy," she said, "how happy I am 1 Your wife, and mistress of Chetwynd Park J Life holds no joys that, can compare with these. And, Hoy, don't think me unmaid enly if I speak to yon regarding our betro thal. As the poor dependent, my life is a burden to m'e. I think it would be but fair and just to me that our engagement should be proclaimed at once, My ppsition will then be made clear, and I shall not feel com-: pelled to seek other shelter." Chetwynd winced a little, nc would have preferred not to announce his engage ment of marriage so soon after his return home, but he reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. "I knew you would think as I do," said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction. "I pre sumed upon your consent to my wishes, and have already communicated the fact of our engagement to Mrs. Skewer and to Bagee. I shall write a note to Lady Welby to day, informing her also, and she will spread the news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to see me at once. And, Roy, when she asks me how soon we are to be married, what shall I say to her 1" " Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. " I do not know-1 had not thought," he said. " I leave the date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will be* agreeable to me." " Then let me Eay this day two months," said Miss Monk, vivaciously, "It is now March. We will be married in May, in the season of early flowera and good weather. Wc will ha7e a grand breakfast here at the Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a ball, to celebrate our marriage. And we \?U1 then go to the Continent for.the summer divraing oar-^ime^^etween ^aden-Baden, [ Spa, WieebaaeV.Yieby ana TrpwUle. !I -? ' ~ . will do you credit, Roy. I shall be gay and charming, and ns sumptuously dressed as Eugenie in the height of her glory. Ah, that reminds me," and she clasped her jevrelled hands more tightly on the Marquis's arm, and regarded him with an affectation, .of shyness and embarrassment, '. I would like to assume my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word ?" and she forced a laugh. " I am already a pensioner upon your bounty, Hoy-" '' Not so, Sylvia. . Do not use an expression" like that. You have been a dear sister to me, and have occupied an honored position' in my household. You have been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you. have a suitable trousseau," and he sighed heavily. /'I will give you a blank' cheque to-day, and you can order" your . jewels, shawls, laces, and the rest, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitude. She flung" her"arms around his neck' and kissed him. He re turned the caress - in a quiet, dispiaesifiriite' I manner, that at another time would have angered her. She tallced'to him gaily for'a' while, until the bailiff made' his appcaraticey and then she g^ded away to her own rooiff/ triumphantly happy. " Everything is going" on splendidly, Ra gee," she said, entering her dressing-room with a wild waltz. "Chetwynd consents to the immediate announcement, of our en gage ment; and I .have appointed this day two months for the marriage. He will give me a blank cheque to-day. for-my trousseau. He' eannot retreat now. I am sure to be Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me to make out my lists for orders and shop ping. We have time enough to stujy the mystery afterwards." Miss Monk sat down at her desk and wrote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners an.d dressmakers, ordering a magnificent trousseau. She also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of goods and garments to be sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, shawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who" had been invited to remain. It was evident that the bailiff had not been informed of^the new relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred and the bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations; After the repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew* apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinner. The intervening hours were actually spent by him . in an ex amination of the. disused portions of the grand old house, in the hope of finding Bernice. .. Night found him again disappointed, r Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a senae of disappointment, half convinced that he had been indeed the vic tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late before the fire in his bed chamber, with bis eyes -fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of the bathroom, praying- that the " illtision" might be repeated. He prayed in vain. ,The fire burned low on his hearth/ The silence.of midnight lay like a speir upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for. And at last, wearied and -hopeless, he flung himself on his couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. ( He' had been, slumbering more than an hour, and his deepening breathing Bounded through the hushed room, and the light burned low, and the embers were dying on the hearth, when the dcor of the dressing room softly opened, and the " spectre " stole into the room. No instinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his heart Btirred not as she stole through the dimness-like a ghost, indeed-to his side, and bent above him in an agony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell like snow-flakes softly on his hair, his face, his hands, and he felt them not. He had been much awake on the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense. 11 My darling I 0, my darling 1" was the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. "The new love will never worship yon as the old love did, Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to bethought dead, and yet to live-to know that regret for one is over, and that one is no longer missed It is hard to see one's place filled to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prized. I should have died in my trance, Oh, God 1 why did I not die?" ? - . ' She; bowed her head, and tears'dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of her young.husband. And he who loved her better than his life' lay there sleeping heavilyf hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him" as a drug might have done. Bernice kissed his hands softly. She; yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. . Her oath' re strained her. .A little 'while she. lingered, until he stirred uneasily in his sleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. - . She had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before the hearth in her dressing- room in an attitude of flight, harkening intently, and warming herself. There was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle of wine and Bome biscuits, which had been brought up by the butler lor Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the; butler having observed how little his lordship had eaten at table since his return heme. The little attention to the marquis iBtood Bernice in good stead. She drank a portion of the wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. " . But; she might not linger here. It was time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now." She bad chosen to lay it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for a spectre. The cloak was not warm enough to protect her from the chill of the damp of the unused rooms which she made her haunt, and she stole now to one of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower drawer in which she had kept her shawls. The shawls were there now as she bad left them. Her dresses hung in the press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fifine had arranged them. She took out an Indian cashmere shawl which Chetwynd had bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then she closed the drawer and crept to the door and listened. Not a sound was to be heard without. She opened the door and crept out into the hall,stealing along in the dimness like a swift shadow. She crossed the wide hall to place herself at greater distance from Chet wynd's rooms, and so unconsciously passed close to the.doors of the suit occupied by M;p8 Monk. She passed the dreesing-room and bed chamber of her East Indian rival, her heart beating, it seemed to her, like a drum. As she came abreast the door of Miss Monk's bath-room, which had been ajar all the evening, it silently opened, and the witch like figure cf old Kagee crept out like a flash. Bernice caught a glimpse only of the dusky East Indian face, which resembled a face cut from a walnut more than anything else, a red turban, a parr of outstretched arms, ^and the gleam of sinister eyes, and then she flew before ,Jber _Btrange pursuer without a Wor4 of outcryr~> The old woman sprang upon* her like a panther, clutching her shawl. Bernice' loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, like the ^whfte spectre she' seemed. She hurried into ,the branching corridor in a panic, but the old worrian did not pursue her. Ragee clutched' the shawl tightly in her arms and' hurried back into , the bath-room. Noonehad been-aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bedschataber; Sylvia was sitting up in bbd anxioug and expectant, ; " Well?" said the'young lady", im'patietttly; "You have watched all the'e vfenitfg, Ragee; depriving me of my' sleepy atacf^ what* good have you gained by it?" " This I'' cried old'' Ragce; dashing the shawl down upon'the bed;: '' Do yoti^know ?that shawl? I bavfeljust'seen the- spectre I 'It came out of the late"Lady ChTStwynd's dressing-room. It was; dressed* in white, only it wore this shawl to protect it from the ?cold. It crossed the'ball. When it caitte alongside the bath-room" I dafted out and grasped the sha^rl, dragging it from its shoulders. The speiStfe W^'flesh Snd blood I the shawl proves that; Isawita face; it was white with terror'; it was changed and beautiful; but it' was the face of Lady Ch'etWynd' 1-the' facte' bf the living mar chioness I It is'asT have believed. Gilbert Monk oyerheard'our scheming, and outwitted ns. The girl is alive; I tell you 1 Why Bhe does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has bat to speak to send yon and me to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made a reality 1" 