DO DEAD MEN DREAM ? A CONTRIBUTION TO THE SCIENCE OF GHOSTS. [Review of Reviews.] Messrs. Tiubner and Co. publish twice & yearapla^n, unpretending-looking volume in a green paper back. It bears the unattractive name of 'Proceedings of the Society lor Physical Research.' This dull title covers a mine of the most sensational articles issued from the periodical press. There are 50 pages of the present number written by Mr. F. W. H. Myers, which outdo in interest almost any 50 pages which have been printed recently. They are entitled, ' On recognised apparitions occurring more than a year after death,' and they consist of a collection ot wellauthenti cated ghost stories, upon which Mr. Myers bases a theory that apparitions are in reality the dreams of the dead men, and can be ex plained scientifically by the analogy of tele pathy. ; WHAT IS A GHOST / Mr. Myers dismisses as unscientific the popular conception of a ghost as a dead per son permitted to communicate wiih tbe living. His definition of a ghost is that it is a mani festation of persistent personal energy, or that it is a residue of the force or energy which the man generated while he was still alive, which clings to the locality in which he spent his existence. He argues plausibly that the best key ,to tbe laws governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to be suggested by stddying the laws which govern the manifesta tion of spirits while in the flesh. 'Two. such laws I believe to exist. In the first place, I believe that telepathy— the trans ferrence of thought through other than sensory channels — exists both as between embodied and disembodied spirits. I hold that appari tions after death result from the continued exercise of the same energy b» the spirits of the departed. ' And in the second place I regard it as analogically probable that ' ghosts' must there fore as a rule represent, not conscious or central currents of intelligence, but mere automatic projections from the consciousness which have their centres everywhere.' A DEAD MAN DWUOHNG OK HIS SKELETON. This is somewhat obscure, but it is better illustrated by tbe extraordinary story of the well authenticated discovery of a skeleton by a revelation in a dream. ' A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Scotch farmhouse. His body is carried out and hastily buried in an open field. For 40 years the murdered man xe tains some conscious ness of this tragedy. - He broods over the fact of his death in that room, his interment in that stony hillock. At last the bedroom is occupied by a man sensitive to peculiar influence which (on our hypothesis) these bioodings of the de ceased persons difiuse. ' The dream of the dead passes into a dream of the living ; it! presists in ? 's mind with the same intensity as in the murdered . man's imagination. The purpose once achieved— tbe discovery made— the obsession ceases. '* And at any rate this conception of a dead man's dream of a probably unconscious gravi tation of some friction of bis disembodied entity towards his old associations— a flowing of some backwater of bis being's current into channels familiar long ago— will serve tosupply a fairly coherent conception of the meaning o1 those vague haunting* into which, as we have seen, oar narratives of recognised post mortem apparitions impreceptibly glide.*' TlfE ANAIOGY OF TH* ELECTRIC LAMP. This story of adead man's dream is as weird as any professional wizard ever invented. It is somewhat difficult to translate the conception im;o language which can be understood by these not familiar with the technical phraseology of pyspbical researchers. But if we might nuke a bold effort we should say that it amounts to a theory that a man does not die altogether, and pass totally into a different stage of being. A certain shadowy semblance of himself lingers behind, which, when tbe dead man elsewhere dreams of bis old life, assumes a more palpable shape, and occasionally be comes visible to tbe eyes of mortals, as the slender filament of tbe incandescent lamp be comes luminous wnen the electricity is turned on. ?' - SOME AUTHENTIC GHOSTS. Of this-several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr. Myers. One story told by an American traveller, which describes how his sister appeared to him, nine years after her death, at noonday. The peculiarity of this ghost was that tbe brother saw upon bis sister's bee a red scratch which he had never seen dcrimt her lifetime. He hastened home and told bis parents. His mother was at once thrown into a state of profound consternation, sad confessed while laying out the corpse she bad inadvertently sctatched its face, and bad hiddentbe tact from every human being until th« apparition ofber daughter's ghost bearing tbe snatch on her cheek bad compelled her to confess what happened. Another story tells bow an old Lady Carnarvon, who died in t86z- appeared in her house at Pen worth some it years later. A very curioi's story is told in Dale Owen's *? Footfalls' of a washerwoman's ghost who persistently haunted another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a priest who. would pay 3s iod, which she owed to someone not mentioned. Following up this due it was found that she actually did owe 3s iod to a grocer. The sum was paid and. the hauntings ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is said to have been seen writing as lately as 1867, in the Chateau de Pragins, near Nyon in Switzerland. Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these cases the apparation is due to something like the working out of a post hypnotic suggestion. WHY GHOSTS HAUNT PLACES. Thus we may conceive a murdered man, for instance, as feeling persistently that be ought not to have been murdered — that his existence should still be continuing in his earthly home And if his apparition is seen in that borne, we need not say that he is * condemned to walk there,1 but rather that his memory or his dream ;oes back irresistibly to the scene to which in 1 sense he feels that he still belongs. I say 1 bis memory or his dream ;' but it is, of course, possible that neither word may suggest 1 close parallel to what actually occurs. There may be a deeper severance in the' personality ?f the dead. There is nothing per se impro bable in the idea that our personality — so much for fractionable during our earthly life than were wont to imagine— should be sus ceptible, when, liberated from the body, of still profounder divisions. For the present, however, it seems better to keep to more familiar analogies, and to use the word ' dream' as the wildest term available, though of course without assuming that the descen dant is in any sense asleep. It is evident that if Mr. Myers is right we shall have to reconstruct the whole of our theory of personality. ? «. ? Holloway's Pills. — Indigestion. — How much thought has been bestowed, and what voluminous treatises have been written upon this universal and distressing disease, which is with certainty and safety dispelled without fear of relapse by a course of this purifying, sooih ing and tonic medicine ! It acts directly on the stomach, liver and bowels — then indirectly though ao less efiectiveiy, on the brain, nerves, vessels, and glands, introducing such order throughout the entire system :hat harmony dwells between each organ and its functions. Dyspepsia need no longer be the bugbear ot tbe public since Holloway's Pills are fully competent to subdue the most chronic and dis tressing cases of impaired digestion, and to restore tbe miserable sufferer to health, strength and cheerfulness. 