CARDINAL MANNING, (By W. T. Stead, in " The Review op Reviews.") oliveb cp.omwell. It Avill probably surprise most people when I say that the first conversation I ever had with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiefly be cause of tho eulogy which he pronounced on the character or Gromweu. i am an Indepen dent, and the son of an Independent, and I am proud to belong to a denomination which can boast the Lord Protector as it3 Hero-Saint. His portrait, painted on an oak panel of the seven teenth century, looks down upon me from the walls of my new sanctum ; and his day of " double -victory and death" (3rd September) ranks with 30th January as one of the red- letter days of my year. In the course of a long and interesting conversation the name of Oliver ivas mentioned. I said I supposed he was in scant favour with a Roman Cardinal. "You are mistaken," said he ; " you are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. . I put that entirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, but as a Moslem. But, looking at him apart from that Irish expedi tion, I have always regarded Oliver CromAvell as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Im perial destinies of England abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the com mon people at home." As it is much more to me to he in agreement with any one about Cromwell than to agree about the dogma of infallibility, an Anglican friend, to whom I re peated the remark, sneered as he replied, " How I admire the wily Cardinal, and how AAell he knew his bird." " oliver cromwell is not dead." Cardinal Manning never " puts on side.'' There are those who say that in dealing Avith men of his own faith he is more of the Prince of the Church than he is Arith those who are of other communions. But 60 far as I have seen him he has always been the same — genial and hospitable. I have seen him at all hours betAveen 10 and 10, and never found him dis turbed by my intrusion. Possibly if people called upon him merely for gossip he might be different. I have usually gone on business of one kind or another, and have always found liim most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helpful counsel. Speaking one day of his position in England to a visitor from Borne the Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church Avas held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of Hhe Queen, and said: "My priests are a very de voted body of men. hut so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I sometimes think that Ave are even too well thought of in England. But," said he, afterAvards, " I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege which Avas not possessed by anyone else, what a storm there would be ! Never forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is only sleeping, and at any moment he may wake up." nonconformists and anglicans. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone could be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain in the world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to the Cardinal the Nonconformists are nearer the Catholic Church than the Angli cans ; and of the Nonconformists the nearest are the Quakers. The Quakers, he has fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. " They limit the workings of the DiAine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." He was particu larly pleased at my recognition of the Quaker like character of the service of the Catholic Church. The morning Mass is a Quakers' meeting plus a genuflecting celebrant, whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. He quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some one lightly predict the coming downfall of England, re marked — " If you knew England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England, to pass safely through crises Avhich have overwhelmed other empires." his love for children. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When he speaks of the home as the sacred foundation of society, he differs from the normal priest, who by the conditions of his calling is homeless and wife less. Cardinal Manning has been married. He has had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. Hie love for children is with him an abiding pas sion, and it is this which constitutes the close tie of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigable director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh that the Cardinal published " The Child of the English Savage" — that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of our people to their duties to the outcast child.. It was through the Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her in tention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society ; and in the Cardinal Mr. Waugh has found from first to last an energetic and in valuable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Many have been the speculations as to the figure which the Cardinal will make in history. Some have pictured him as the tribune of the poor, otherB as an incipient Hildebrand, others as_a nineteenth-century Loyola, but I prefer to think of him as the loving-hearted old man, who, when his heart is filled with ecstacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in the name of Him who said, " Suffer the little children to come unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." in 1885. During the time of the agitation that led to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in 1885 the Cardinal was my most effective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strength and unfailing help in every time of need. It Avas he who suggested the Mansion-house Committee, on which he subse quently served, and he covered me as with a shield by his generous and his unstinted sup port. I remember at an early stage in the pro ceedings I remarked with a smile that I might find myselfjin gaol before the work was done.. He remarked— " Well, if so, Twill come and see you there." He was not well enough that dis mal and foggy Avinter to come to Holloway, nor. was there any need, for the imprisonment which I had anticipated was of a very different kind to that which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the work was done, when no one understood what was aimed at, I might have been run in and punished as if I had. actually committed .the, crime I was seek ing to expose. After the Criminal Law Amend ment Act was passed, the subsequent trial and imprisonment did not count. The only purpose which they served was to immeasurably in crease the impression produced by the original revelations, and force one out of an anonymity which until then had been so strictly guarded that my name- tvas. hardly known to anyone beyond my family and professional circle. Cer tainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in every direction as the process hy which it was sought te crush me. But it was a trying time while it lasted, and the Cardinal stood by me through it all in face of a storm of obloquy which would have daunted most men. I look back upon that year Avith. boundless gratitude to the in numerable friends, most of them before un known, who supported me with a zeal and en thusiasm which I was far from deserving. And among my Catholic supporters there Avas none so staunch and true as the Cardinal. The first letter which I received in Coldbath Fields prison, which was given me at a time when I Avas forbidden toj receive any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth having gonete gaol to receive. " November 11, 1885. "My Dear Mr, Stead,— 4 All things work together for good to_ them that love God.' You have served Him with a single eye. And the work has been dpne; aa yqu wrote on the; sen-, tence. No sentence can undo it. You quoted my words in the North. You have now the crown upon your work, that is to suffer f errors of judgment and a literal breach of the law which left the moral life of England almost without defence. I have so strongly felt thiB and have so clearly seen through the ' animosities against you that I believe what has now befallen will work some unforeseen and greater good for your consolation. . Whatsoever it may he in my power to do shall be done. May God give you Bis peace. — Believe me, always yours very faithfully, Henry E., Card. Archbp." - Nobly did he fulfil hi3 promise. Ne\'er have I appealed to him from that time to this to help me in any work in which we were of one mind that I did not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. an imperial englishman. When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire and believed in England, and were capable of taking wide views. In my list of those Avho answered to that description I put the Cardinal at the top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all the years that I have knoAvn him there has never been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect her at home that he has not been in the forefront. Whether it lias been the strengthening the navy, the defeat of tha Channel tunnel, the deA-elop- ment of the volunteers, the cheapening of post age over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal. In one respect undoubtedly Bom i has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a Avide outlook. If familiarises them with the conception of the world as a whole, which delivers them from parochialism. You see this in any Irish priest Avho was educated abroad ; you feel it at every turn in the Archbishop's palace. But although the Cardinal corresponds every week in Latin, French, and Italian, he only thinks in English. He combines the spirit of a Palmerston with the philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles Avith both a tenderness and patience and kindly sympathy for the like of which I look in vain among other men. exeteeCeall in A BEDsa,t. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject races. He is a Home Buler to the heart's core. No man that I knoAV, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to him always the Isle of the Saints. At the Vatican Council the Irish bishops seem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English- speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he ex cuses them on the ground of the oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholic Church, Avliicli counts the chil dren of St. Patrick as its missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was being vehe mently abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand hy his side and identify himself with his Irish brother. For Archbishop Croke he has always entertained a deep personal a'eneration. But although he is strong for Home Rule he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dis memberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when "in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subj ect races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter-hall under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are his sympathies limited to those people Avith whom we have to do. Far he it from me to pry into the mysteries of the Curia ; hut it is an open secret that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has spared no effort to convince the Vatican that the day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. the christian socialist. The Social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the re moval of their temptations — all questions re lating to the amelioration Of their lot— are con stantly with him. He is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that " a starving man has a natural right to his neigh- hour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of pro perty." They must know little of life, he is constantly reminding us, " who do not know what ruin of men and women comes from the straits of poverty." There is an admirable article in the third volume of his " Miscella nies" which is entitled " A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spiritof Trim who came to seek and to save those who are lost. Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike — of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory— he only did on a Airider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scale. 