A GHOSTLY EXPERIENCE. The following experience occnrrad^nssfHir own time to -a gentleman, well-known -world of Paris, whom weT;:)iave ourselves metln society, and whose veritclly is unimpeachable — the late it. B- — y, 6ne ui uic euuwB ui uic u/mut c* a man then in the prime of life, constantly en gaged in scientific research, and mod: un likely, from fcis pmsmlaand of mind, to give way to imdae credoilifrflr freake of imagination The story^ — whichTie wasnot trilling to relate — wsb, however, told by himself to a mutoal friend, through vliom it became known to the present writer. M. S ? y stated that he had another friend who from boyhood had been dear to him as a brother, who went to Algeria, as a colonist, in the more inland port of the country. M. B ? y had been for some time without news ofhim, bat felt no anxiety, and was not particularly thinking of bim, when one night, while sitting writing in his private room, to his joyful surprise, lie saw the traveller come in, wearing a strange dress, which was unfamiliar him. He started up and hastened to meet the visitor, heartily ex tending his hands, when to his astonislunent he drew back saying — 'Do not touch, me. lam deni?' {' Neme touchez pas— -je tuts wwrf'), adding that he had come to ask him to prepare his mother for tiie news that the shock might not he too sudden. The whole story was so unlike the con ventional ' ghost ' that M. B ? y, accord ing to his own statement, felt no more fear than if he had seen his friend under the most ordinary circumstances. The apparition then took its place in an arm-chair, opposite to the one occupied by M. B ? y, ami the two conversed freely as in former times ; tbe one still belonging to this world recei ,-ing the assurance of the other that he was 'very happy ' (ires heureux), but that he was not permitted to say more. The strange viator then told him that he would come again, two days later, at the same hoar, and dis \- ^^heifhe found himself alone, the awe and terror which had been absent from the inter view came in full force, and overpowered M. B- — y, who tried to brace his nerves by seeking every kind of mtnral explanation of the wonderful sight he iiad witnessed. Hallucination — a passing fit of delirium— a deluiive dream, everything seemed more satisfactory that the reality. Finally, lie determined not to cause perhaps needless affliction to his friend's mother, and conse quently refrained from writing to heras Jus bad been requested to do. ~ ' ; Whmft ft timegame for the apparition to j r^aa^^sgiqtigBd.^; toy ^fireyjplg^ed^^^ frie^agamsfo-A!-e&mflm;^%ntj^ve' Mini oxH him {or not having ?wiilten to his moiher, ' and entreating him to do so without loss of time, for she would hear the sad news too suddenly from other sources. ' 31. B' y promised to atone for the omission, and again the friends conversed, B y remaining nnrfpirilv calm And vitDu-mt. Tlw visitor then bade him farewell, saying that he should be seen no more on this earth; and as M B ? y gazed, he saw him gradually disappear. Apafa he was seized with intense awe and terror ; but this time he did not hesitate to write to his friend's mother, saying that circumstances which had oomc to his knowledge led to entertain serious fears as to the safety of her son. Scarcely had the poor mother received tiie first intimation of danger, when the official communication reached her, announc ing the sad event as having taken place on the very day when JI. B ? y had first seen his mysterious viator, and enclosing a photo grapK, representing his friend in the strange dress which bad-surprised him, and which he j found was the one adopted by colonists in that distant part of Algeria. 