NEWS AND NOTES IK A NUTSHELL THE LEADING INOSDENTS OF THE DAY CONOEN6ED, with , CURT COMMENT THEREON, THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. 8PECIAL NOTICE. Toe Herald has tho largest circulation ef any newspaper in Victoria, cxcopt the "Age." Our Fourth nnd Fifth Edition matter Will bo found oti PiiL'e 4. A Fimt Edition oi Tub Herald is published daily. Silver advanced Id per ounco. Panama Canal scheme not dead. Debtors downcast. Writs to be main tained. K.M.S. Oruba arrived at Adelaide 7-10 this morning. First bush tiros of tho season reported tmm New Snuth Wales. Mr Famuli's " freedom " of the City of Edinburgh officially Annulled. Catmditm and Australian direct stcont icrvico under discussion— again, "'ghost price paid for ailtor in 1890, Wfld per oujico. Present price, 41M. An old identity returned to-day by s.s. Elho— Gvoruo Auuiuu, ten tinios Mayor of Queonscliir. Liberal Unionist, Mr Milnor, returned to Houru of Commons for Bosaetlaw (Not tingham). A fact for cliampngno drinkers. Mr Alfred Couney, tho ruprcsentativo of Dry Moitopolo, arrived, Political situation in New Zealand still Unsettled. Ministry to bo reconstructed Rh un expected majority. N.G.L.S, Elbo, from Bremen, passed vupo Otway, inward, early this morning, ftencn Bay during the afturnooii, iLM.S, ltomp, hoimvard bound, from tydtuiy, renoiiod the Bay shortly before huiini and procuuded'to tho railway plor, "illiauistoivn. Another. CuBtoma eoisutre. Alleged ultcd invoictu. Tiio linn implicated is that of Whittles and Co. Particulars in auothor column. v. . Pioposod now trado route to Australia via Canada; , Sir' Charles Tuppor'a views to bo submitted lb Australian Govern ments, Another rvusun for Federation. Carriago of mails, between Auckland &nd; fjan Francisco to be shortened by <> days both ways. Contractor can roduce it. by; otiotlier two if contract' ia given for dvu years. . Tho Argus Buildlntf 8ocloty, Bourko . thU tunrnmg declared a dividend for the past six months at tho rato of 8 per rent. This h the fourth successive dividend at tho rato of 8 per cent, declared sinco the formation of tho Society. An old man, named James Mayno,who appeared to bo a terror of Little Lons dale street, was this morning fined nearly LOO for damaging property and spilling nightsoi) in the liouoo of a man against whom he had a grudge. Mr Pantou characterised the case an tho very worst which ever coine beforo tho City Court Bench. The leaders of tho Irish party who havo seceded from Mr Purnell's guidance aro making every olfurt to undermine the in fluence of their luto chief in Ireland. Mr Michael Davitt and Mr Charles Tanner are following Mr Parnelltlirough Ireland, and holding meetings wherever he has spoken. Particulars of the will or the lato lion. J. White, so long known an tho leading racehorse owner of Australia aro given in another column. Of course, the bulk of tho deceased gentleman's property is bequeathed to his widow, but ample pro vision is also made for his trainer, Mr T. Payten, and others, who rendered him " long and faithful services." The market in silver shares was dull, Block 10. sales L13 14s. Block 14. L6 10s. L6 9 Gd. British, G3s Cd. Central, paid, 7s 3d. Comet were strong, 17s IM to 18s Gd. Train and Omnibus, 02s Gd. Silvcrton Trams, L9, L'J 0s Gd. Water Supply, 12s Ud to 13s Cd. Com mercial Bank, Lll 15s Gd. Gay's Band of Hope, 30s. Bear Hill, 3s 2d to 3s lid. Mr T. Cooper, the chairman of tho board of directors of the Argus Perma nent Building and Investment Society, delivered himself as follows nt the half yearly meeting of the shareholders this morning : — " Your directors do nothing but pure, legitimate building society busi ness, mid don't indulge in any of those fantastic movements which have brought other building societies to grief." Mr David Gammon remarked sotto voce I o-day, nt the Licensing Court, that a certain individual, tluuugh his solicitor, wished to procure a license for his man sion in the skies ; being defunct, how ever. ho could not be a client. Mr Gami- sun also remarked that Sir Maduock was appearing as a crusader — Richuru Ccuur du Lion— -a new character for bis legal friend. Mr Justice Williams this morning sen tenced Arthur Wilson to two years' im prisonment for assuulting Lily lvess in the Yarrn Park, characterising his conduct as n brutal and cowardly nttack, inspired by his disappointment when hu found ho had got hold of tho wrong sort of woman. Prisoner, who Iibb been twice previously convicted, is to psiss tho first two days of each alternate month of the last year in solitary confinement. The nuuteuco is respited pending a decisiuu of the Full Court. Elaewheru will bo found Borne parti culars respecting the career of Ernest Beaumont, who was arrested by Detec tives Ward and Mucrimuauiy lust night un a charge of vagrancy. Tho accused is slated to be one of a gang of swindlers — four in number— whi» arrived here fiom England in tho s.s. Uruiavo soinu three or lour months since. Beaumont has con fessed to having robbed several of bis foliow pafflcigora of jolt! watches, diamond rings, pins, etc. He attempted to defraud several leading Melbourne jewellers, but did not succeed, Mr Thus. Cooper, the chairman of the Argus Building Society, thiiiKR thnt a rose by any oilier uumo smells quito as awcct. He told the shareholders of tho society this morning thnt lawyers and Members of Parliament did nor hko tho tonus, remuneration or salary — when they tlicuiaulvcs were in question. They pre ferred the term honorarium. Foriiis own part, ho did not care whethor his re muneration was called salary or anything else. Tho orcscnco of Chief Justice Higin- botham in the Houauii of Parliament lust night was an historical event, and doubt less this will be his last view of the scene ot the most mamurable events of his life, in the Leigielutive Assembly. Ho entered that house in ISGlasmemberfor Brighton. In 18113 began his famous career as Attorney-General under Mr M'Culloch (now Sir Juinen). The old time must hnvu come over tho war horses as they listened to tho well-known tones last night. Nacdlcs8 to rake up the battling, but suffice to say thnt no man ever stirred the Victorian people to the utmost depths like George iligiiibothain. So tho familiar voico was heard once more in the Legislature, tho Chief Justicu bestowing his full oration on tho suc cessors of his old enemies— pardon us— in tho Council, where he never spuko before. Perhaps he could not trust himself to say much in the Assembly. The charge of manslaughter against Henry Mullens, pugilist, 37 years of age. was investigated at tho -South Mel bourne Court to-dov, when tho accused was charged with unlawfully killing nnd slaying a laborer named Nicholas Fitzgibbon, 56 years of ago. on the City rend, on the 20th ult. The heuring liiid not been concluded when the Court adjourned for lunch, and, as some of the magistrates could not attend this afternoon. the enso was pustponcd until to-morrow morning. It has transpired that the Premier. 3Ir Muitrv, who was unable ' to receive a deputation this forenoon. Is 'buffering severo pain in his body nud head, brought on, his medical adviser states, by anxiety and overwork. It is not probable that Mr Munro will bo in his place in the House again this week. In tho Premier's ahsenco Mr Shiels will lead. Tho Premier caso was continued this morning m tho Banco Court. Mr I'urvea, Q.O.v commenced his address for the Crown, and up to lunch time spoke in his characteristically forcible and attractive manner. He is likely to apeak for two or three days, it is said, and after him the Chief Justicu will occupy about two days iu summing up. Ruiiurt olacwhere. Majority of the Nutiomtl Mutuul Life Association of Australasia. Excellent balance-sheet. Report highly satiifoctury. 1114,501 added to tho funds during the year. Degrees of criminality in tho Premier caso, according to Mr Purves, Q.O,:— 1, Gourlay ; 2, Dohorty ; 3, Bernard Murphy ; 4, Corkhill ; 5, Minims and Robert Murphy ; 0, Stowort and Niiumo. 