HOW" THE ZULUS EIGHT. BY H. RIDEB HAOOAED. C'micliaM from loot week. Now tlio Zulus, running in tho sliapo of a bow so us to wrap tlio longer round uu thrco sides, were within seventy yards, and now from ovory waggon broko tongues of tiro. Ovur rolled a number of tlio uintotwa, but tlio rest cared little. Forward they sped straight to tho laager, striving to foreo a way in. But tho Boors plied tliom with volloy after volloy, and, liackadas tho Zulus were, tho.olojiliaiu guiiB, loaded with slugs and small shot (hd frightful execution. Only ouu nuui ovon got on to a waggon, and us ho did' so I saw a Boor woman strike him on thohead with an axo. lie fell down, and slowly, amid howls of dorisiou f mm tho two lines 011 tho hill-side, tlio Zulus drew buck. " Lot us go, father 1" shouted tlio soldiars on tho Blopo, among - whom I was, to their chiof, who had como up. " You have sont out tho little . girls to light,' and they lire frightened. Lotus show theni tho wuy.'f " No, no !." tlio chief Sususa answorod, laughing. " Wait u minute and tho littlo girls will - grow to women,' and women arc good enough to fight against Boors !" Thoi attacking, Ziilus-hoard. tho mockery of thoir follows, and rushed forward again with a roar. Bat tlio Boers in tho laager - had found timo to loud, and they mot with a warm rocop- tion. Hosorving thoir tiro till the Zulus woro packed like sheep in u > krual, they loorod into them witn tho roers, uud tho warriors fall in littlo heaps. But I saw tiiat tho blood of thu Umtotwos was up; they did' not mean to bo bcaton back this tiuo, and tlio end was near. Soo ! six men had leapt 011 to a waggon, sluia tho manbohind it, ana sprung into tho lungor. Thoy .woro killed tlioro, but othors followod, and tlion I turned my bead. But I could not shut my oars to thu crios of rago gnd doath, and tlio terrible S'gtv ! S'geel of the savages as thoy did their work of murdor. Onco only I looked up and saw poor Hans Bortha standing on a waggon smiting down men with tho butt of his riilo. Then assegais shot up towards him liko tongues of steal, and wliou I looked again ho was gono. 1 turned sick with fear and rage. But alas ! what could I do V Thoy woro all doad now, and probably iny own turn wus coming, only my death would not bo so swift. The fight was ended, and tho two lines 011 tho slopo broko their order, mid inovail down to tho laager. Presently wo wero there, and a droadful sight it was. Many of tho attacking Zulus woro dead — quito fifty I should say, ami at least a hundred and fifty wore wounded, somo of tlinm mortally. Tho chiof Sususa gavo an order, tho doad 111011 woro pickod up and piled ill a lioap, while those who woro slightly hurt walked oil to llud somo 0110 to tie up thoir wounds. But thu more surious cases mot with a diilorout treatment. The chiof or 0110 of his indunas considorcil each caso, and if it wus in any way bad, tho man wus taken up aiul thrown 'into tho river which ran near. Is one of thorn 0 fforod any objection, though 0110 poor follow swain to slioro aguin. Uo did not stop tlioro long, howorur, for they pushed him back und drowned Mm by force. Tho strangest caso of nil was tliat of tlio oliioFsowii lirothor. Ho bad been captain of tho lino, undliis aiiklo was smashed by a bullet. Sususa cuino up to him, and, having examined tlio wound, rated liim soundly for failing in thu first onslaught. Tlio poor fellow inado tho oxouso that it was not liis fault, as tlio Boors hud hit liiin in tho first rush. His brother admitted tho truth of this, and talked to him amicably. " Woll," lio raid at length, offoring him a pinch of snuiY, " you cannot walk ugniii.1' " No, ohiof," said the wounded man, looking at his iinklo. , .;?V " Aud to-morrow . wo must walk fur;?', wont on Sususa. . 'V./., v.- k. . " Yes, chiof." .Av,:v " Say, tlidii, will you sit horo oh tlio voldt, or — — V and lio noddcu toivards tlio river. Tho muu droppod his head on his branst for a minuto as though in thought.. . Presently ho lifted it and looked Sususa straight in tho facu. " My anklo pains mo, my brother," lio said ; " I think I will gu back to Zululand, for tlioro !b thu only kraal I wish to soo uguiu, ovou if I creep uboutit liko a snuko." " It is well, ray brotlior," said the cliiaf. " Best softly," mid having slmkan hands with hiin, ho gavo an order to ouo of tho indunas, and turned away. Then 111011 onmo, uud, supporting f ho wounded man, lod him down to tho banks of thu stream. Horo, lit his request, thoy tiod a heavy stono round his neck, and threw liim into a doop pool. I saw tho wholo sad scone, mid the victim never ovouwincod. It wus impossible! not to udmiro tlio extraordinary courago of tho man, or to avoid boiug struck with tho cohl-hloodod cruelty of his brother tho chiof. And yot tho act was necassary from his point of viow. Tho man must oi tlier dio swiftly, or lie loft to perish of starvation, lor no /.uiu lorco win nncumucr itself with wounded mon. Yours of morcilcsi warfare had so hardened theso people that tlinv looked on death us nothing, anil woro, to do tliem justico, as willing to -inoot.it thaiasolvus as to inflict it 011 othors. IV lieu this vory Impi had been scut out by tho Zulu King Diugauu, it consisted of somo liiuo thousand inon. Now it numbered less thuu tliroo ; all thu rest were doad. Thoy, too, would probably noon lio dead. What did it mattor ? Thoy livod by wur to dio in blood. It was tiioir iiuturnlond. "Kill till you are killod." That is tlio motlo of tlio Zulu soldier. It bus tiio merit of simplicity. Meanwhilo tlio warriors woro looting tlio waggons, including my own, having first thrown all tno doad Boors into a heap. I looked ut tlio houp ; all of them wero there, including tho two stout fraus, poor things. But I missed 0110 body, that of tho Hans Botha's daughtor, littlo Tota. A wild liopo camo into my hoart that sho might linvo cscanod ; but no, it was not jmssiblc. . I could only pray that alio was iitrest. . Just tlion tho -..great Zulu,. Bombyano, .who has loft my sido to indulge in tho congenial oc cupation of looting, came out of ii waggon cry ing that ho lmd got tho " littlo white 0110." I looked ; ho wow carrying tho child Tota, grip, ping her frock in one of his lingo black hands. Ho stalked up to where wo wore, and hold tho child before tho chief. " Is it dead, father ?" ho said, with a laugh. Now, its Icouldwvll see, tho child -was not doad, but bad boon bidden away, and faiutod with fear. ' Tho chiof glanced at it carelessly, uud said — " Find out with your kerrie." child, mid was about to kit! it with his knob stick. This wus more than I could bear. I sprung ut liim and struck liim with till my force in tho face, little caring if I wus spcurud or not. He droppod Tota on tlio ground. " Ou !"' lio said, putting liis bund to his nose, " tho White Spirit lias a hard fist. Como, Spirit, I will fight you for tho child." Tho soldiars olieoroil uud laughed, . " Yes, yos thoy said, " lot Bombyano fight tho Whito Spirit for tho child. Lot tlioiu fight with assegais.". had I against tliiB black giuut? But I had promised poor Huns to savo tho child if I could, uml what did it mattor t As well dio now ub lator. However, Iliad wit uuimgh lol't to inuko a favour of it, and intimated to tho chiof through Iiidabu-zimbi that I was quito -.willing to condescend to kill Bomhymie, 011 condition that if I did so tlio child's lilo should bo given to mo. Indaba-zirabi interpreted inv words, but 1 noticed that lio would not look 011 rau as bo spoko, but covered his l'nca with bis hands and spoko of mo us " tho ghost" or tlio ' soil of tlio spirit.'' For soiuu reiuiou tliut I havo nuvoi' quito understood, , tlio chief consented to tho duel. I fancy it was hecaiiBo ho believed mo to be mora than mortal, and wus anxious to sco tho last of Bombyano. A, " Lot theiuUBht,".;bo.»aid. :---. Givo thorn rassegms;ahdVh&iiiojfeiH-dmUbastiy; him ivhocouqucrs. " AA; ... ... 'la , ' Yos 1 yosl" cried thostildlcfs. 'tLot tboiri fight. Don't be afraid, Bombyano ; If ho is a spirit; Iio'b a vory sinnll 0110." " I never was frightened of mini or beast, aud I am uot going 10 run away from a Whito Ghost," answered tho redoubtable Bombyano, as ho oxamiuod tho blado of his great haugwau or stubbing assegai. Thou they tiiuiie a ring round us, gavo mo a similar assegai, and sot us somo ton phccs apart. I kopt iny facu us calm tes I could, aud tried to show 110 signs of foar, though in my heart I was terribly afraid. Hiuniiiily speaking,, my doom was on inc. Tlio giant warrior hoforo mo had used tho assegai from a child — I had 110 oxpuri- euco of tho weapon. Morcovor, though 1 was quick and active, I10 must have beeu twice us strong as I am. Ilowovor, tlioro wusno help for it, so, sotting my teeth, I grasped tho grout spear, brcalhoduprayor, and waited. The giant stood awhilo looking tit mo, and, us ho Stood, Iuduba-zimbi walked across tho ring hnltivifl tnli tniiflni'Mitr riu lift TViannil. " Tfi<im cool, Miicumuzuhii, uud wait i'or him. 1 will raakcit all right." At) I hud not tlio sHglitnat intention of coiu- moociug tho fnty, I thought this good ailvico. though how Iudabii-zimbi could "iiiukuit all right," I failed tp act). Houvcus ! liow long that hfilf-rainuto soomotl. It bupponod many years ago, but tho wholo scene rises up before my oyes as I write. Tlioro bohind us was tho blood-atuincd laager, and hear it lay tho piles of dead; round us was rank upon rank of plumed savages, standing in oilouco to wait thu issue of tho duol, aud in tho centre stood tho grey-haired chiof and general, Sususa, iii all his wurilucry, a cloak of leopard Bkiu upon his shoulders At his feet lay tho schsojuBs form of little Tota,' to my left admitted lmUba-zuubi, uouuiug his white locJc and muttoring something —probably spults ; whilo in front was iny giant antagonist, his spoar aloft and his plumes waving in tho guutlo wind. Then ovur alt, over grassy slope, rivor, and konpic, over the waggons of the laager, thu piles of duad, thu dense inusHos of tlio living, tho swooning child, over all shone tlio bright impartial sun, looking down like tlio iiidilTerent ove of heaven upon tho loveliness of naturo and the cruelty of man. Down by thu rivor grow thorn'-trces, and from thorn floated the swoot scent of the mimosa llower, ami came tlio sound of cooing turtle doves. I uover smell tho one or hoar thu othor without the scene Hashing into iny mind ugain, complete in its ovory .detail Suddanlyi without a sound, Bombyano shook his assegai ,uiid rushed straight at me. I saw his huge form como ; like a man in a dream, I saw tho broad spear flush' on high ; now ho was on mo 1 Then, prompted to it by somo provi- dontiulimpulao— or had tho" spoils of Indaba- zirabi anything to do with tho matter V— I dropped to my kuoo, and quick as light stretched out my spoar. Ho drove at ino : the blade passed over iny hoiid. I felt awoightonmy assegai ; it was wrenched from iny hand, his groat limbs knocked against mo. I glanced round. Bombyano was staggering along with head thrown back and ou 1st rote hou uruis from which his spoar' had fallen. His spear had fallon, but tlio bludo of initio stood out between 1..'n ol.niililniu' ' Tliufl tvaiiellvnil In'tTI. l-(n lltnillVtll. swung round slowly us though to look at me ; thou with a sigh tlio giant sunk down — dead. For a momont there was silencu ; them a great cry rose — a cry of 44 Bombyaue is doad. Tho Whito Spirit has slain Bomhyano. Kill tho wizard, kill tlio ghost who huu slain Bom byano by witchcraft." Instantly I was surrouudod by ilurco faces, and spears Hashed boforo my oyos I folded my arms and stood calmly waiting tho end. In a moment it would lnivo como, for tho warriors wero mad at seeing thoir champion overthrown thus easily. But presently through the tumult I hoard tho high, cracked voico of Indaba- zitnbi. _ Stand back, you fools it cried; "can a anirnf < lix.lt llf trilhul V,% "Spoar liim ! spoar liiin !" tlioy ronroil in fury. " Lot ub soo if lio is a spirit. .How did a spirit slay Bomhyano with an assagai ? Spear liim rain- maker, ami wo skull soo.". Stuuclbiick," cried liidaba-ziinbi again, " and I will show yon if ho can lio killed. I will kill him myself, and call Mill back to life again before your eyes," " Muciimnzuliii, trust mo," lio wliispored 111 my oar in tlio Sisiitu tongue, which tho Zulus did iiotuudorstnnd. " Trust ma j Unool on thu grass hoforu mo, and when I strike ut you with tlio spoar, roll over liko one doad ; tlion, when you lionr my voico again, got up. Trust 1110 — it is your only hope." . Ifiivine 110 choico I noddud mv lioad in assent, though I laid not.thbfaiiitost idau of what lio was about to do. Tlio tumalt lessoned somowliut, and onco morn the warriors drew hack. " Great Whito Spirit— Spirit of Victory," said Iudaba-xiiiihi, addressing mo aloud, and covering liis oyos with liis hand, " hoar mo and forgivo mo. Thcsu children nru blind witli folly, und think timo mortal hocauso thou huBt dealt doath upon a" mortal who darudto stand against tlioo. Boigu to ltiicol down hoforo mo and lut mo piorco thy lioai t witli tiiis spoar, than wliou I cull upon tlieo, uriso unhurt." I kuolt down, not lioeuHSo I wislicd to, but bocaUBO I must. I bad notovormucli faith in Iudaba-ziinbi , and . thought it proliablo that ho was In trutbabout to muko an end of mo. But really I was so worn witli fears, uud the horrors of tho' nislit and day laid so shaken iny liorvos, that I did not greutlv euro what bofell 1110. Whenl had boon kneeling thus for about half a lninuta Indabu-zimbi spoko, " Pooplo of tlio Uintotwa, cliildron cf T'Chnka," ho said, " draw buck a little way, lest .... noil Pnlt nil frill tlliUT tllfi flit' 1H t.lltfllv Wltll ghosts." . . Tlioy drew back a space, leaving us m a cirelo about twelvo yards in diameter. " Look 011 liim who knoals buforo you," wont oulcdalia-ziuibi, "and listen to my words, to tlio words of tiio witcli-fiiidor, tlio words of tlio rain-mukwr. Iiidaba-zimhi, wliofo fame is known to you. Ho suouis to bo n young man, docs ho nut? I tell you, cliildren of the Umtotwa, lio is 110 mail. Ho is tlio Spirit who gives victory to tlio whito men, ho it is Hint gavo them assoguis that thunder and taught thom how to slay. Why wore tho Impisof Oingium rolloil liaok at tlio Blood Bivor ? Ueeauso he wus tlioro. Why did tho Aniuhoona slay tlio pooplo of Mosili- katzo bv tlio thousands? Because he was there. And so 'I say to you that, had I not drawn him . 1... 1 1... »«». inmrin tint, tlirflfl llOIird iroill IIIU ft" ««0, you would havo beon coiuiuerod— yes, you svould linvo boon blown away liko dust lioioro tho wind ; you would havo boon burnt up liko tlio dry grass ill tlio wintor wliou tlio tiro is uwuko among it Ay, hocauso lio bail boon tlioro many of vour bravest woro slain in overcoming a fow — ii niuch of men who could ho counted on tlio ftnaors. But hocauso I loved you, hocauso your chiof Sususa is mv half-lirothor— for hud wo not 0110 father?— I camo to you, I warned you. Then vou prayed 1110 and I drew tho Spuit forth But you wero not satisfied when tlio victory wis yours, when tlio Spirit, of all you . . ' f...i 1...+ /inn liftln fltiiiir— JL WllltO naUClKCU USKUU "C . " :. - child to take away and sncrittco to himself, to muko tlio iiiodieino of Ms magic of Horo I could hurdly restrain mysolffrom in terrupting, but thought bottor of It. " You said liim nay ; you said, « Lot him fight with our bravest man, lot him fight with Bombyano the giant for tho oMld.' And ho doignod to Slay Bombyano as you hayo f eon, mid now you say, 1 Slay Mm ! ho is 110 spirit.'. Now I wilJsliQW you if ho is a spirit, for i . t»U him baforo your oyos, and call him to life again. But yuu havo brought this upon your selves. Had you believed, had you ottered no insultto lho Spirit-, ho would havo stayed with you, and you thonld havo bccorao uuconquer- ablc. Now ho will uriso and leave you, audwou bo 011 you if you try to stay him. "No vr all mon.M ho wont on, "look for a space linon this ussegni that I hold up." und ho lifted the batigwnu of tho dcceuaed Bombyano . high nbovo his head so that all tho multitude could soo it. Every eyo was tlxod upon tlio - broad bright spear, For a whilo ho held ifc still, then ho moved it rouud and round 111 a circle, muttering as ho did so, und still thoir -- . gaze followed it. For my part, I watched l»m\\. i movouicnts with tho greatest anxioty. X'1»V. I found at all pleiuimt. and I had no dostri to nutko a further acquaintance with it. Nor., ihdocd, was I sure that Indaba-zimbi was nofc really going to kill inc. I could not understand his proceedings at all, and at tho best 1 could not relish pluyiiig tho corpux viic to his magical experiments. " J.ooh ! J.noh ! Look ,'H ho screamed. . Then suddenly tho great spoar Hushed down towards my breast. 1 felt nothing, but. to my sight, it scorned us though it had passed though mo, r lias spcurcd him; tho red assegai stands out behind his buok." "Itoll over. Mncumnznhn," Indaba-zirabi hissed in my oar, " roil over and protoud to die - 1 — <juick ! (puck t" 1 lust no tunc in followihg theso Birange in structions, hut falling on to my side, threw my l arms wido, kicked iny logs about, aud diedos artistically as I could. Presently I gavo a stugo shiver ami hiy still. "Boo!" said tho Zulus, "bo is dead, tho . Spirit in dead. Look ut tho blood upou ,th assegai !" " .Stand back I stand back ! cried Indabu- zimbi, " or tlio ghost will haunt you. Yes, ho. is dead,, and now I -will call him buck to Uto . again. Look V. and putting down Jus hand, bo-, plucked- tho spoar: froui wlierovor it .was flxqd,« » : v It. grows; white/' thoy;;flaid " Ou ' r it grows'whitc." " It grows wliito becriuso tho blood returns? to whcnco itcarao," said Indabu-zuiihi. "Noh,-; groat Spirit, hear mo.- Thou art doad,., tho breath has gone out of thy mouth. Yot hear mo and arise. Awake, "Whito Smut, uwuko and show thy power. Awake f arise un hurt !" . _ I began to respond, cheorfully to this lm- ., posing invocation. . " Not so fast, Hacumuzahn," wlusporod Indalm-zimbi. I took tlio bint, and fiwt held, up ouo arm, tlion lifted my heud aiul lot it full ftRiun. " lio lives ! by tho lioad- of l'Chuka lio lives !" roared tho soldiors, stricken with mortal four. Then slowly aud with tho greatest dignity I .. . gradually arose, strotched my arius, yawned liko one awaking from heavy sloop, turned und looked upon tliem imconcornodly. While I did hi t iintiftftfl.t.hftt nlrl TudabiL- zimbLWnSUltDflBt ' fainting from oxhttustioii. Beads of persmrttr tion stood upon his brow, his lnubs trcmWod, and his breast heaved. As for tho Zulus, tlioy waited for no more. With a bowl of< terror the wholo regtmont turned and lied across tho riso, so that prosontly wo wero loft alonu with the dead, uud tho swooning child. . . "How on earth did. you- do thai, Iudaba- ziinbi V" I asked inamaze. " Ho notusk mo, Muciimazahu/' ho gaupou,.. " You white mon uro very clover, but you don t quite know everything. Thorn aro men m tho.; world who can- make pcoplo bebovu tlioy boo ., things which thoy do not see. Let uu bo going wfiilo wo may, for when- thoso Umtotwas havo got ovor tliotr fright, thoy- will como back to loot tho waggons, uud thou perhups they will begin unking questions thiit I .cun!t iinuwei." ; Aud hero I may as well stulo that X novorgot- any further information on tins matter from. old Imlaba-zimbi. But I havo mv Uiuory, uud. : hero it is for wlmtoycr itf may bo woitn. .1 boliovo tliut Indabiwimbi iUfftniuniud tlio wholo crowd of onlookers, mysolf included, inuking ... them. iHilieve that thoy saw tho nnsugai in. iny Ituvivl Mttil lint lilrvnit. nnnn Hill lilil(ll). FllO . reader may smile und say, 44 Impoasible . but. I would nak him how tho Indian jugglers do- thoir tricks unless it is by niosinuriwn. Hie spuctatrns j win to eeo tho l»y go iindor tho basket and thcro pierced with daggers tboj ? - mm to sco a woman , in . a trunco supported in- mid air upon tho poiut of auuiglo sword. In- ,. . thoimelvos theso things aro not possible, thoy. , - violate tho laws of naturo, n» tuoso laws aro known to us, xuid therefore must suicly boilln- siou. And so through tho gltunour thrown, upoii thoin by Induba'Zlmbi'fl will, that Zulur .t Iiupi aodiuod to boo mo tranuilxed with uu ; ;; ossogrti which iioveritouchcduio. At'leust, that -j i3 my theory ; if any one has n ln:t»c-r, lot huu.-.- c adopt it. Tnooxplanatiou JiesbotwofjuilluHiou. . and magic of a must imposing ehiuuctui, and X.. prefer to accept tho first alternative. 