.-Cbflbren, King Frederick's Rase. -_ A Story of Three Mysterious Gold Pieoes The Baward Received by a Dutiful Son, How the Dear Old Mother's Letter Touched the Heart of Her Soy ereign-Daya of Peace and Plenty That Cairo Because a Lad Honored His Mother. One summer morning, a great many yeai'8 i ago, a boy was lying Bound asleep on a bcnah I in one ol the rooms at Sins- Souci (toe | country palace of the King ol Prussia) with j ail his clothes on. Very gay clothes they j were, from the trim blue jaoket, with its-j embroidered cofih and shining brass buttons, ] down to the smart EIIOCF, with their well- ! polished et*el buckles. But the pcor little J fellows face was not as gay as his dress by j any means. It looked sadly pale, and as j worn and tired as if be had been up all ] night. ! S6 indeed he cad, for tough old King ! Frederick, who could work from four in the morning till ten at night without seeming a bit worse, sometimes forgot that his poor little page-boy wa9 not as strong as himself, and would often keep him on duty till Karl fell asleep from sheer fatigue, just as he appeared to have done now. . 1 All at once a bell rang Bharply in the next room. At that signal the page ought to have jumped up and gone in to receive hia orders for the day, as he had to the first thing every morning, no matter at what hour he had gone to bed. But he was so fast asleep that he never heard it; and the boll rang again still more sharply without any answer. Then the door of the inner room opened, and out came a very strange figure in deed. It was a small, lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform coat and a pair of long | riding boots, which' looked as though they had cat been cleaned for a month ; and as if j he were not untidy enough already, he had saicared the whole front oi bis coat with 0 2 off, which fell off in flakes whenever he moved. Bis face might have been carved in stone, so eold and hard did it look; but in the midht of it there gleamed an eye so clear and bright and piercirig that it seemed to. go ii;>ht through every one upon whom ic rested. But for this commanding glance one would moat likely liav9 taken him for a beggar, and have wondered what business such a slovenly old fellow could have in the palace at all. But in reality this queer, shabby little old roan was no other than King Frederick of Prussia himself, the greatest General and otatesman.in tfee woild, and famous through out all Europe under the name of ' Frederick the Great." One could sea by the flash of his eye and the Bet of bis bard old mouth, aa ho' camo siriding out, that he wa3 very angry at being kept waiting, and that a terrible scolding awaited the poor little page, who lay sleeping there eo peacefully, knowing nothing at" all i about it. But as the King's eye fell upon tb9 lad's unconscious face hia mocd seemed to abange. '.Hum I" muttered bo, with the very ghost of a smile flickering over hie iron face. ' fiow.. famoualy the young dog sleeps! y I only vsriEb 1 could have euoha nap how and then. One can see that be.hasn'c got:to < worry-;himge)r about governing five millions iof men, 'or carrying en-war against five nations at once! Hal what's thiaf- . : ^ y j A crumpled sheet of coarse paper, which seemed to have droppedfrom Karl's hand, was lying on the floor beside him. The King picked it up, and these were the first words that caught hiB eye, yvritten in "tbe.Ehaky, straggling hand of a very feeble old woman: , '. I thank you much, my dear child, for the money that you have so kindly, sent me, which has been a great help. ,Take your old xnothet'd blessing for it, and sec that you always do your bsst to be a worthy and faith ful servant tp our master, the King, whom God bless and preserve." - As.be read that Eimple message tho soldier-king's grim face softened as no onu h'ad ever seen it coften before. Perhap3 ttie memory of his own mother, dead years ago, rcse.up in his mind once more ; psrhaps h9 was touched by the old woman's prayer for himself, or by tho discovery that this had beon the boy's last thought before he-fell asleep. Were all my fubj:ota like that," he mur mured; I' I should ba tbe luckiest K;ng in Europe. And so ha has been saving money from hia wag.-s (;md poor enough wages they are, I am sure) to send to his mother 1 Well done, my boy ; thou art a true Prus sian 1" At that moment Karl moved"slightly, as it about to awake. The K;ng noticed it, and a new idea an peared to striko him, which most have been a droll one from the momenla-y twinkle that i lighted up hia stern oyes. j " Yes, that will ba tho bsBt way," sail he to himself, " and a fino surpriss it will be to hira." . I S.eppmg back into the room whence ha | had issued (which csrtainly had very littis roj al luxury" about it, for it was almost as bare as a cattla-ehsd, with no furniture save a battered deal table and a broken chair). Frederick hunted in.tho table drawer till ha rummaged cut a well-worn writing case, from one cf the p3cket3 of which be took three gold coins. These he slipped into the page's pocket along with the letter, taking great care not to awake him in doing so. Then ho raDg his bell violently and cailed out: " Kirl, come here 1" The Eharp, stern voice effectually roused our hero, who started up at once, and drew back in dismay as he Eaw Frederick's keen eyes lised upon him. .' Pardon, your.majjsfcy, pardon!" Etam tcered be. " I was-"< «. Never mind about that just now," inter ruplcd tho King. " Cbme in here and get your orders." As Kirl sprang eagerly foward to cbey.the money, which had been put losely icto his pocket, rollcdiout again, and fell ringing and chinking upon the tioor. «. Hello, young man!" cried Frederick, yon ought to be a good deal richer than I am if you can afford to fling your money about like that." "0'a\ sire!" cried the boy, imploringly, " I don't know anything about this money, I don't indeed! Somebody must have meant to ruin mo by putting it into my pcoktt, and then saying that I bad stolen it." '? No,'- said the King, gravely, "that money is God's gift to you, to help yon in assisting yea: mother. Write and tell her that I know all about- her, and that I'll take care or her, and you, too." Aud King Frederick kept his word. 