The Noveist. The Death Tryst. CHAPTER IV. ,(CONCLUDED.) I walked about and watched the danoera, though not for long, for soon my thodghts strayed away, and the waltzers lrvolved confusedly before my eyes without my see ing them. I sat down and tried to listen to the music, but heard nothing, and rose-at last, wearied and impatient, and struggled through the crowded rooms towards the staircase, intent upon going out in the night air to walk upon the terrace. I paused upon the broad landing place outside the drawing-room door, where there was a deep bay window, before which a erimson damask curtain hung In heavy folds. It waslate in the evening now, and the greater part of the guests had departed. The candles on the landing burnt dimly. Some had gone out altogether; others guttered and spluttered, well nigh at their last'grasp; but through an opening in the curtains there was a bright bluish light. It was caused by the moon shining in through the diamond panes. I pulled the curtains open and entered the inclosure, and they fell together again behind me with a faint rustle like the drifting of dead leaves upon a still autumn night. I took a place upon the broad, cushioned window-seat, and, leaning upon my elbow, looked upon the deserted terrace below, where the white statues gleamed ghostly in the moonlight. And sitting there, I fell thinking, as I had done all.night long, upon her whom I had loved-whom I was waiting for-who was yet divided from me by so many weary miles -who might never come back alive. It was there, in this spot, sitting upon this very window seat, that I had seen her last. It was there we had plighted our troth. It was there that she had promised to return to me-in life or death had promised to return. As I sat pondering thus, I seemed to lose all count of time. The night passed rapidly away; the guests continued to depart; the rooms grew thinner and thinner; the lights died out one by one; only the music con tinned faintly afar off, accompanied by an indistinct murmur of human voices. But presently the 'ourtains rustled at my hack, and I slowly turned my face towards the opening. It was she who had come back to me. She wore a black travelling dress, and her face was pale and haggard beneath her smoothly.braided hair. She came from'the gloomy corridor with. out into the flood of moonlight which filled the incloseure where I eat, and she stood for a moment perfectly still, with her sad eyes fixed upon me, whilst the heavy curtains behind her lithe, silent figure crept rustling together, and closed up a black and motion less mass. "My love I my life I you have come back at last. We shall at last be happy." I rose up as I spoke, and would have caught her in my arms; but she raised her hand with a warning gesture, and, gliding past me, took her place upon the seat, and her sad eyes still fixed upon me froze my blood, and made me shivering draw back, I knew not why. '"Speak to me I speak to me 1" I gasped; " what has happened ?" " It can never be," she said, in a low, faint voice; "i've come back as I promised I would; but we can never be wed. Oh, Everest,. Everest I how I have suffered I how I have longed for this time to come I how I have battled against my cruel fate! Oh, Everest, forgive me the pain I have caused you. Forgive and forget me." She covered her face a moment and sobbed bitterly; but when'I stretched out my hand and would- have taken hers, she drew shuddering back, rose to her feet, and passed out through the curtain, waving me off with her hand, her sad eyes fixed upon me to the last. Then, as the curtain sank back into its place, the sound of the far-off musis ceased, and the moonlight died suddenly out, leav ing me in pitchy darkness, in which, for a moment, I sat spell-bound and powerless, as though I were in a dream. But not for long. The next moment" I had dragged the curtain ono no side, and sprang oat upon the landing. It was gloomy and deserted I looked round, and could see no one. Where had she gone I In one of the rooms, though, I heard footsteps approaching. I ran eagerly forward, and came face to face with the master of the house. There must'have been something wild and strange in my manner, for at eight of me an expres° sion of wonder and alarm came over his face, and he made as though he would step upon one side to avoid me; but I caught his arm. "When" did Lady Blanche arriveS" I Sasked. He stared at me aghast. "Arrive " he repeated. "She has not come that I know of." " Yes, she has." "Have you seen her I" " Yes, a moment ago." "Where 1" "There." I pointed towards the window. His eyes followed the direction of my hand, 'then wandered back to my face, and fixed themselves upon it with a look full of wonder. One or two persons had joined us,and were listening to what I said. A servant who had.overheard my words stepped up to say that certainly Lady Blanche had not come upstairs during the last two hours, for he had been stationed, during that time, in the, passage below. "Bat she is in the house, I tell you 1" I cried, fiercely, "She was with me a moment ago I She spoke to me; she--" But something in the expression of the faces around me made me pause. They thought me mad or drunk. A cheruse of voices eagerly protested that what I saw was impossible; that if she had been there a moment ago she could not have passed unseen. One person laughingly sug gested that I had seen a ghost. But the smile died from his lips at the cry I gave as I clutched my face in my trem bling hands. Then I struggled through the little crowd, scattering the people right and left. Next moment strong hands were laid upon me, and I was thrown to the ground, where I fought and wrestled like a madman in the grasp of those who strove to hold me, and shrieked her name aloud. And then, in my despairing fury, some thing seemed to give way in my head, and I choked and suffocated, and the night closed in upon me black and stifling, in which I lay struggling in a land of dreams, peopled by jabbering phantoms, who pressed me down, and crowded round my face, leering at me mockingly, whichever way I turned, seeking rest upon my weary pillow. A long and hideous dream of several days' duration, in which the darkness lasted, ever black and breathless; in which the long hours of burning thirst dragged slowly by to the ceaseless ticking of the nurse's watch; in which a candle ever burnt, throwing goblin shadows on the, wall ; through which, otherwise, there endured a madden ing silence, wherein the furniture of the room, the curtains of the window, the clothes upon the bed, the letter on the table by the bedside, preserved one changeless aspect, straight, flat, blinding to look at, the appalling monotony of which, at times,made me spring up shrieking with fright, and praying that some one would speak, or move, or do something to break this death-like stillness that seemed to crush me. CHAPTER V. When the fever had passed away, and I had risen from my bed, 1 sent for the master of the house and told him all that had passed upon the night of the ball-whom I had seen, what she had said. He listened attentively to my story and not incredulously. Something had happened since that night to lend a horrible significance to what at the time he.l had taken for a mad man's ravings. He had received news of his sister's death at Marseilles upon her way, home to England. I told him of our promise to each other to meet in life or death. He believed then that I had really seen the spirit of my dead love. That she had kept her promise, though death had striven to hold her back. Then he showed me the letter he had re ceived from the doctor at Marseilles. She had died upon Sunday night, the doctor said; but I told him that that must be a mistake, because her spirit had only appeared to me upon the Friday following. My companion had net noticed this dis crepancy between the dates. At first he thought it a mistake; but when I pointed out to him how this was impossible, he thought the circumstance was altogether very strange, The facts of the case were these : She had died on Sunday. She was buried on Wed nesday. She did not appear to me until two days afterwards. What did it mean? As I asked myself the question a wild hope arose in my breast, and my heart beat violently with a joy I could not, fool that I was, repress. A feverish anxiety to be upon my feet again took possession of me, and I deter mined, the moment I could stir, to start for Marseilles, to visit the spot where she was said to have died so to see and question this doctor, who said he had attended her-to visit the grave which was supposed to have contained the body. "After all," I asked myself, "might I not have been mistaken-might I not have imagined that scene at the window 1" Yes, I was ill at the time. It was but a freak of my disordered imagination. But then a horrid thought occured to me : if she was not really dead, what did the doctors letter signify ? What did the letter to me also mean 2 Was she a party to the fraud ? Did she wish to avoid me thus ? I must fathom the mystery. I could not wait for strength. I started, ill as Iwas. I arrivedmore dead than alive at Marseilles. I sought out the doctor, and asked him all he knew respecting Lady Blanche's death. He seemed, I thought, somewhat surprised by my manner and my questios ; but he readily gave me all the information I re quired. He referred me to the landlady of the hotel where she died-to the undertaker who conducted the funeral-'-to the lady's-maid who had accompanied her ladyship from India, and who had now gone into other service. From these people I learnt such particu lars as made it impossible to doubt the truth, for all that. I resolved to visit the churchyard, and to have the grave opened again, that I might see the corpse. Then I should be satisfied, if my own eyes saw her remains lying within the tomb-not otherwise: for if it was her death; then the explanation which I had re ceived only made the mystery more:inexplic able. It was a difficult matter, however, to obtain the object I had in view. I applied to the authorities; but was refused. It would have been worse than madness to explain why I wished the grave to be opened, and I could find no other reason that would have been deemed satisfactory. Meanwhile, delay was dangerous. A sickening dread seized upon me when I thought that, perhaps, when the grave came to be opened, her face would have changed so as to be utterly unrecognisable. It must be done then at once. I could wait no longer, and oneway only remained. In the dead silence of the night I would scale the churchyard wall, and break open the grave. Without much trouble, with the aid of gold, I found some one willing to help me. The night was fortunately dark and stormy. We were able to perform our work without much fear of either being seen or heard. I knew the situation of the grave well, and had carefully marked the spot. We found it~again now, laboured hard with the stony soil for a couple of hours, and then, at the stillest hour of the night, when day was beginning very faintly to peep over the lead- coloured sea and the grey city walls, we raised the coffin to the surface, and tore off the lid. It was she whom I had lost. She was dead then; but how 7 At the first sight of the body I uttered a shriek," and staggered back, for, from the corpse, I saw through all the mystery that has puzzled me before. I guessed at once the horrible truth. The body lay upon its face, When we turned it round again, although at a glance I recognised the woman Iloved, the features were distorted as though by pail;' the hands were tightly clenched, the feet drawn up, the knees bent. There could be no doubt of the caused of all this. There was no difficulty now in accounting 'for the lapse of time between the'date of her supposed death and her appearance to me. She was not dead when they thought her so; she had only swooned. Afterwards she had returned to consciousness in her coffin, and struggled desperately to escape from her prison. 'They had buried her alive, supposing tobe dead, It was not until theanomen' of her real deaththat her spirit had sough our trysting place. 