An Ocean Tragedy, By W. CLARK RUSSELL. (iHAPTER IX. A SQUALL. ALTnovan Finn's calculations showed very well upon the chart, is will not be supposed I could find anything in them upon which to ground that hope of fall ing in with the Shark which had become a conviction with Wilfrid. The look-out lman at our masthead mnight perhaps, on a clear day, compass a range of some twenty hiles, even thirty if it came to a gleam of lofty canvas hovering over a hull a league or two past the slope of waters ; but what was a view of this kind to signify in so '?ast an ocean as we had entered? As I have elsewhere said, the difference of a quarter of a point would in few hours, " supposing a good breeze of wind to be . § n' "^'- ,t _-i -_1he Brdec wide of the ,,.q.? ,a f ttim Baik and put the two y sty 1 6t of sight fair abreast of one r F'inn understood this as well as I; but + . When I fell into a talk with him on the I subject that evening-I mean-the evening t of the day on which we had spoken the TWanderer-he told me very honestly that t the odds indeed were heavy against our I heaving the Shark intoview, though he was 1 quite sure of outsailing her if the course Was to extend to the Cape of Good Hope ; but that as there eas a chance of our picking her up, whether by luck, if I i chose to think it so, or by his hitting with accuracy upon the line of direction that I Fidlor would take, he had made up his aind to regard the thing as going to happen, for xis own ease of mind as well as to keep my cousin's expectations lively t and trusting. "A man can but do his best, sir," he a to said me. " Sir Wilfrid needs a deal of I humouring; you can see that, sir. Ic knew all along, when lhe first came and I told me what had happened and gave me a my orders, that the job of keeping hunm paci. o fied would have to go hand in hand with a the business of sailing the Bride and t lighting upon the Shark, if so be she's discoverable. My notion is that if you're called upon so to act as to fit an t employer's taste and keep his views and a wishes gratified, though by no more than b maintaining expectation in him, the best a thing is to tarn to and try to think'as fur a as you can the same way as he do. I c don't mind saying, Mr. Monson, that I b allow the whole of this here voyage to be e as wague as wagueness can well be; there- c fore why worrit over parts of it Suppose a we overhaul the Shiark-then it'll be all a right; suppose we don't-then it won't be e for the want of trying." 0 This was the substance of Finn's opinion 'I as he imparted it to me that night. His t sincerity touched me; besides, I saw t worry enough in the poor fellow to make 1b me sorry for him. Indeed, I resolved 5 from that hour to back him up, heartily I agreeing with him that the adventure 0 was quite too vague to justify anxiety in ti in respect of any one detail of the pro gramme. . .h The weather was quiet when I went to ti bed that night. I came below from my long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy n smear of moon over our mastheads and t a dark sky going down from it to the 0 obscured sea-line, with here and there t a pale and vapoury point of star hovering e sparely over a wing of cloud that lay still ' in the dusk as though what wind there was ii blow low upon the waters. The wide sea p came to the yacht in a dusky throbbing, i Aike folds of gloom rolling with a sort of 0 palpitation in them to the eye; the foam I glanced in places, but there was little s weight in the wind, and the pallid spires a of the yacht's canvas floated nearly up- g right through the dark atmosphere, with b a sound of the sob of water coming off 81 lhr: weather bow and the dead plash of the hidden billow falling without life so from her quarter, in a way that made g one think there were follows emptying buckets over the side abreast of the u wheel. Wilfrid had been moody and reserved Y throughout the dinner, and retired early h to bed. I sat an hour with Miss Laura, I with the mild diversion of a draught-board between us; but we soon forgot to play y in talking. We had been but a few days 8 together, yet I had already made the 0 discovery that I wonderfully enjoyed her f+ company and that I immensely relished a quality of arch naivet6 in her conversa. a tron which owed something of its effect a to the contrast between a sort of co- to quettish sagacity in many things she said c and the nun-like artlessness and virginal i sweetness I seemed to find in the gentle h girlish regard of her charming eyes. I h also observed in myself that the more I li saw of her the more her beauty gained fi upon me. I never remember meeting a 8 woman's face that I would sooner have t taker as a frank expression of mind ; there n was a softness and a delicacy of feature h that one instinctively accepted as an illus- d tration of habitual refinement and purity a of thought. Her manner, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and c tenderness, and her smile the most a amiable of any I remember. Her posi- n tion was of great delicacy, and could not 5 have failed to painfully distress one of b your self-conscious wonmen. Our adven- c ture, every reference to it, every mention a of thle Shark, every expression in Wilfrid a of grief, shame, temper, was, as it were, a rude withdrawal of thIe veil from before a her sister's frailty. There was no other t lady on board to help her to bear, so to a speak, the burthen of the inevitable topic, I and yet she never made it appear as though a there was pain and shame to her in the v subject, outside iher grief for Wilfridl, her ii eagerness that her sister should be re- a covered, her resentment against thie man who had betrayed and dishonoured his i friend. I may fail to convoy whait I thought of c her maidenly acceptance of her share in a this strange adventure, but I am certain t that nobody but a person of exquisite I instincts could have acted, as she did, the in delicate and exacting part allotted her by a my cousin. Tie weather was still very quiet when I bade her good night. I went to my i cabin, and do not suppose I was ten Il minutes in my bed before I fell asleep. t I awoke to a sound of a great roaring aill t about, accompanied by tihe cries of meni v on deck, the sharp flinging down of coils in of rope and the thunder of shaking lI canvas trembling in every fibro of the Ihull. Mty bunk was an iathlwart-ship one, v and I had turned- ill, to employ the I proper sea parlance, with my head to d windward; but now the yacht was lying t over on t'otlher side, and I awoke to find s my heels in the air and the weight of my ii body upon my neck; but the angle of the g craft was so sharp that it was not without n a prodigious amount of heaving andl n floundenng I imanaged to get my legs fi over and to sit upright. A squall!l thought I, feeling for my a pillow, which I placed in the port end r of my bedstead and once again lay down. h A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced I through the port-hole as though a gun had been fired into my cabir, and the interior glanced out into a noon- tide efful gence for one breathless instant, in which, however, I managed to catch sight of the angle formed by a coat with a stanchion, upon which it hung by a peg. Upon my word, it was as though the yacht was ed upon her beam ends - such a heel as be was not to be realised by one lying in a 3m bunk, or even sitting upright in it. Then 11\. came the darkness like a sea of ink, roll 3 a ing to the sight in which the reflection ut of the flash still writhed, followed by a ma mighty shock of thunder that died away ,ty in a hundred rattling peals as though of 'twas high mountainous land all around ue the horizon, honeycombed with caverns, at and every peak as resonant as a hollow so dome. I A sharp squall! thought I, but there a was too much noise for sleep. It was all es, hands on deck I was pretty sure by the be numerous scamperinga over my head; he the harsh voices of the "sailors bawling at vo the ropes would be swept into faint cries ao by the rush of the wind, and now and again a heavy lumpish sound that put at a quiver into every plank, followed by e a snarling noise like the hissing of half-a sg dozen locomotives blowing off steam, was 30 warrant enough, to ears not unused to at such sounds, that the Bride was taking Sr large doses of water in pretty freely over ss her rail. so I lay quiet, and was presently sensible that the yacht was off the wind; the ir righting of her was no small comfort; I she was manifestly going through it like h a comet. The sea was now well aft, and t the suggestion of swiftness I found in the is mere feel of the hull, somehow or other, o black as my cabin was and the blacker as 11 it remained for the flash of lightning, y was accentuated by the thunderous rush of each surge outstripping us in the race o and hurling its black length along the i f vessel's side, and the fierce spitting and ] I crackling of the smother of spume that d was raised by the vessel's headlong flight .e and that went raging and racing astern . on top of the swelling ebony fold that I }1 swept forwards from the opposite direc. I d tion. ,s Humphl thought I, if this is a case of t f " up keeleg " with friend Finn, lie'll have 1 n to enter into something shrewder and c d surer than dead reckoning to find his way a back ag in into the Shark's wake. I had It a mind to see what was happening, and, .r after a spell of troublesome groping and a . clawing, during which I had like to have 3 I broke my nose by striking it against the c e edge of a chest of drawers built into a . corner, I succeeded in lighting my lamp, a e and was presently snug in a pea-coat and t !1 a sou'-westor which I had been wise c e enough to include in the slender sea s outfit I had purchased for this voyage. a a The cabin light was always kept burning r 8 throughout the night, dinnmed by one of 1 v the stewards, after we had retired to our e e berths, but with plenty of flame left to e a see by, and, on emerging, the first object I caught sight of was the figure of a man r 0 on his knees on the cabin floor in a pos- t a ture of prayer and apparently in an agony of fright. Nothing was to be heard of a him. until I had approached close, .for Sthe roaring of the wmid and the waslhing y and foaming of seas drowned all other t y noises; but on stooping to make sure of a y the fellow, whose hands were clasped t e over his eyes, whilst he held his face up e turned as he swayed upon his knees, I could hear him praying with all his might, Y with an energy, indeed, that might of s itself have accounted for the drops of E a perspiration that glistened upon his brow, c if it wasn't that his attitude of 'terror I explained the secret of that moisture. I It was Muflin. There was something so c e shameful in the fellow's cowardice that d s all in an instant I lost my temper and .gave hint a kick which flung hinm at his e i length, face down, upon the deck. He I f set up a horrible howl. y f "Oh Lord I oh mercy I we're gone I e we're gone 1 , Oh, if I was only on dry 1 e ground-" g Here I seized him by the collar. "Get e up, you fool," I cried. "Do you know where you are, you idiot ? Cease I If d a you alarm Miss Jennings-" and I hauled i y him on to his legs, shaking him heartily as i I did so. i d "Oh, Mr. Monson," lie whined, "is it t y you, sir ? Tell me we ain't all dead and s gone, sir I Oh, this is 'orrible, though I I e orrible I Never no more; never no more I r for meo " a " Be off to your berth at once," cried I 1 angrily, though my temper died out of me a t at the absurd sight of his yellow, working, a terrified face, rendered ugly enough to r I challenge the skill of a Crui hank by the y manner in which, during his devotions, lie r e had streaked his forehead and nose and I I his cheeks past his eyes with his plaister- a I like lengths of coal-black hair. He was a for speaking, but I grasped him by the e a shoulder and ran him towards his berth ii e that lay some little distance forward of e mine on the starboard side, and when he c e had shut himself in I made my way on t i. deck, with a peep aft, as I went up the a y steps, where all seemed quiet. a i The night was still very dark but of a ii a clearer dusk. The moon made a red t t streak low in the west amongst some I \- ragged clouds that seemed to fall like a I t short flight of steps, overy one edged with t f blood, to the sea-line, where the nuddy s Scrimson drained out, just showing the lurid r a staining of it now and again when some a Ssurge beneath reared an unbroken head to a a the lustre. The night was made to look o amazingly wilder than it was in reality by r that western setting jumble of ugly lustre o and torn vapour like a flock of giant bats s heading from the moon for some ocean g Ssolitude of deeper blackness. To wind e ward there was a great lake of indigo-bluo C r in the sky, in which a number of trembling a Sstars were floating, and vastwwhito puffs of i n cloud crossing it with the swiftness of scud v s in ai gale ; but to leeward it was just a nmss of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk I f son top of anothler in blocks of blackness t n such as a poet might dreams of in picturing n the hellish walls and battlements of a be e leaguered city of demons ; and upon this I e imass of darkness that looked as substantial y as stone to tile eye' there was a plentiful i play and crackle of violet lightning ; but ( n no thunder, at least none that I could y hear. It was blowing fresh, but the wind n had taken off considerably within the last . ten miinutes ; the Bride was close hauled ; I Il there was a strolng sea on the bow and shel a i was plunging smartly with at frequenta . intervals a brisk squall of spray over herc g head that rattled upon the duck like a fall I Sof hail in a tlunderstorm, ; a dark gleam , would break first here and then there fromn Sher deck to her rolling, but the water was I o draining off fast, flashing in a loud hissing g through the scupper holes at every leo i Sseind, but with weight enough yet remain y ing in each rush of it to enablo mes to t e gather that it must have been pretty t t nearly waist-high between the bulwarks 1 with the first shipping of the seas and the a first downrush of the tierce squall. They had snugged the Brdl e to very Ssmall canvas; tihe play of the white waters I 1 round her throw out her shapo clear as black paint on canvas ; at mominits she I ed dived till you would think the tall black un coil arching at her past the creaming glare he crushed out of the sea by the smiting of ul- her forefoot must leap right aboard her; h, but her staunch and buoyant bow, the he truest piece of ocean moulding I ever saw in, in a ship, would regularly swing with a ny leap to the peak of the billow, shattering 'as it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be as followed by an echo of derisive laughter a in the yelling ring of the wind splitting on upon the rigging or sweeping into the iron 11- hard cavities of the diminished spaces of on wan and spectral canvas. a I took all this in as I stood a minute in ay the companion hatch; then perceiving the gi figure of a man to windward almost i rd abreast of me, I crossed to him. It was i is, Finn. w "Very ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," I said he, after peering at me to make sure re of my identity, "it found us with tops'l ill andt gallants l set and took us slap aback. I lie It was the most onoxpected thing that 1; ever happoned to mne; as onnatural as at that there mooni; Talk of keeping a look: es out I I was staring hard that way with t id the wind a pleasant air blowing off t'otheor a ut side and saw nothing and heard nothing I sy until I felt it." a- " You had to run ?" as "Ay, but not for long, sir." s to " How's her head now, Captain Finn ?" 1 ig "Her proper course, Mr. Monson." or "Well, the weather is brightening. I You'llbe making sail again on your ship, y o I suppose, presently ?" "e "Ay, but lot that muck blow away t b; first," he answered, pointing with a o cc shadowy arm into the mass of obscurity I id where the lightning still winked fitfully. f ie "After such a blow-mne-aback job as this n r, I ain't going to trust the weather till I can n is see more of it." q I lingered a little, watching the slow T lh opening of the sky to windward, and the i e gradual unfolding of the stars down the d to velvet declivity, that looked as though e .d purified by the cleansing of the black wet co it scquall, and then bidding good-night to n it Finn, who seemed a bit subdued by the n n wildly disconcerting attack of the weather, a it that to a sober, vigilant seaman was about h as uncomfortable a snub in its way as could o be administered, I went below, intending is if to walk straight to my berth and go to d ' bed again. On entering the cabin, how- fl d ever, I found the lamp turned up, and ti y Wilfrid pacing the carpet with long strides It d and with an agitation of manner that was ft I, grotesquely deepened by the occasional h d stagger of his gait by the plunging of the b: o yacht and the hurried lift of his arm to C o clutch the nearest thing at hand for sup- hi a port. I concluded that he had been i, aroused by the commotion of the squall, d but thought it strange lie had not stepped e on deck to see how things were. On a seeing me lie put his hand on the back of i. a fixed revolving chair, and swung, or g rather reeled, himself into it, then leaned of if his cheek upon his hand in a posture of to r extreme moodiness, whilst lie kept his e o eyes bent downwards. bi t I took a seat opposite him, after a glance tl a round in search of Miss Jennings, who, I bi i- thought, might also be up. pi "The noise above disturbed you, I it f suppose, Wilfrid?" said I. el r "I have not slopt,.' ho.answered. ,, f g ~"Notiiiico liilf-ptrt ninol hYosweiit to r to bed then, you know, and it's now two at f o'clock," I exclaimed, looking at the dial T I under the skylight. li1 "I have not slept," he repeated. of I "I wonder that the squall did not bring at you on deck." yi f "For what purpose?" lie exclaimed lil f gloomily. "I could hear Finn's voice; I di could follow what the men were doing. in r If every squall we are likely to meet is to tl . bring moe from my bed, I may as well at o order a hammock to be slung for me on ,t deck." cl I "What is the matter, Wilfrid?" said I, of .s earnestly and soothingly. "Something, cc e I fear, has happened to vex and bother u] you." ci I Hoe passed his hand over his eyes, and tl y looking down said, "I have had a k warning." yi t "A what?" I exclaimed. tl v "A warning," he answered, fetching a bh :f deep sigh and making as if to rise, retain- n d ing, however, his posture of profound pi a melancholy, whilst lie sent a slow, wander- am ing look around, finally fastening his eyes aE it upon me. bi d "From whom came this warning, w I Wilfrid?" said I, cheerfully. "Muffin? sl e Egad, you'll be getting a warning from ui him soon, I reckon. I found the chap on ri I his knees just now, sweating with fear in e and praying like clockwork. I gave him te a kick, and I wonder the howl that he In o raised did not bring you running out of be e your cabin." I jabbered this off in a a] e reckless, laughing way, though I watched gi d him narrowly, too, all the time I was yi speaking. yi a "Nothing shall hinder me, Charles," he at a exclainied, closing his right fist and letting at h it lie in a menacing way upon the table. "I have made up my mind to tear the tl e creature who still remains my wife from sc a the side of the man she has left me for; e and before God"-lhe rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand--"my vow a is this: that I will hunt them from port . to port, through ocean after ocean, until oI meet with them I Wlea that shall be I re a know not; but this I do know-that my F I time will conme and I can wait. But I s Smust be on the move. Nothing could o & render life tolerable to me nowbut the sa e sense of action, the aninmation and hope ibe o of pursuit." qi I "But the warning- ?" said I. eg y "Oh, to be vexed by ghostly exhortsa. r e tions-it is enough to craze oni l lie a exclaimed. "Heaven knows, resolution rc a grows weak enough in me as it is to any \- thought of my little one that visits me. o Oh no," le cried, with a sarcastic slhako e g of the head and a sinlgular smile, " do not fbelieve that thoughts of my baby girl w a would cause nme to falter oven for one yi a breathless instant on this course that I 6, k have made up my mind to pursue. But is to think of the helpless lamb as alone-" a, g "MIy dear fellow," I interrupted, "the child could not possibly be in tenderer . hands." S "I know, I know," lie cried, with a sob ti il in his voice, "but she is motherless, tI It Charles; and then how precarious is life In d at that ago I I may never see her again!" d d He broke down at this and hid hIis face. tl It "Come, come," said I, "your norves al ; have been strained by the incident of this fc u afternoon, or, I should say, of yesterday Ii at afternoon-unduly, though intelligibly, w r excited by Puncheon's report of having ai 11 passed the Sharlck. E ndeavour to get some n i rcst, old fellow. Thlese warnings, these at n visions, miysterious voices sounding out of 11 .s lheaven knows where, midlnighlt shapes as is g thin as moonshiie--Wilfrid, depend upon ft o it, they all emanate from a disordered a \- condition of that part of the body which l o the Chinese have most wisely selected as n y the trueo seant of the soul. I mean heore," l s said I, patting miy waistcoat. o -lHe regarded ms1 somewhat vacantly and sat awhile in silence, sighed tromulously, y and stopped to the foot of the companion h a ladder, whore hlie stood staring up into the d .s arch of black night that filled the com- nr e panion entianxco. Prosently Finn runmbled a :k out an order on dock. There was the re flash of bright stars upon the gleaming of ebony of the cabin windows with every heave of the yacht; the sea was mode is rating, and tle loud humming of the wind w aloft gradually fining into a dull complain a ing noise. Ropes were thrown down ig overhead; voices began to sing out. I ie uttered a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned and sr exclaimed, " Don't let me keep you up, ig Charles." in "It's all right," said I, "but why not ,f go to bed, too? Or first describe this warning that you have had; express the n nature of it. Perhaps, like the proverbial to onlooker who sees most of the game, I it might be able to help you with some re is assuring suggestion.' But he merely shook his head ; and " now, feeling quite intolerably sleepy, and a in no mood, therefore, as you will sup '1 pose, to reason with a mind so: oppressed as his with superstitious nidacl holy, I it called a cheery goodonight i , wefit s to my cabin, and was soon fa! cOp:? I was awakened by the brihist daylight Is that filled my berth, and at ono rose and r sung out to the steward to prepare me a g bath. All the time I bathed alid dressed I was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he called his "warning." I supposed it was some voice that lie had heard, and he had " made it plain that it had referred, amongst other things maybe, to his little infant. Now, though of course I had known for years that he was" touched," as the ex pression goes, I had never understood that his craziness had risen to the height i of hearing voices and beholding visions in r his waking hours; and I was, therefore, forced to believe that his mind was far more unhinged at present than his 1 manners and speech, peculiar as they un questionably were at times, had indicated. r Well, thought I, assuredly if lie gets worse, if the symptoms should grow more 9 defined, this chase will have to come to an end. I, for one, should most certainly b call a halt. Why, what could be fuller of madness than his vow last night before a me-to go on sailing from port to port, and traversing ocean after ocean, until he has captured her ladyship ; as if a pursuit l on such lines as theose were going to end in anything better than driving all hands I daft and converting the Bride into a floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is I L true, I have found method enough to keep 1 my mind tolerably easy ; but if poor.Wil- I frid is going to become very much worse, l hang me, thought I, plying a pair of hair- t brushes with very agitated hands, if I p Captain Finn don't haul his wind for the s handiest port and set me ashore for one. CHAPTER X. I ao ALOPT. IT was a fresh sweet ocean morning, one t of the fairest I remember ; the wind, d t tender farmnning from the west, warm enough to make one fancy an odour and balm of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as I those parallels yet lay. The sky was one broad surface of curls and feathers of pearl-coloured vapour, an interweaving, as it were, of many-shaped links of silken a cloud shot with silver and amb 1 s,?- -'s , from the early sun. I noverl i?U . | f lovelier dome of sky' so £onderIn glo r and rich in delicate perfections of tints. a The sea spread in a firm dark line to it I like a blue floor under some mighty roof n of marble ; the sun's wake came in a misty r stream of light to the port bends of the d yacht, where it was flashed by the mirror- v like wet blackness of the glossy side back deep into the brinmming azure of the brine a in a great puff of radiance that made one think of a cloud of brightly illuminated steam ascending from the depths. g Everything was brilliant and clean and f cheerful, the decks of the white softness c of foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemish- In coiled or festooned as by an artist's hand a upon the pins; forward stood the long t cannon radiant as polished jet, a detail e that gave an odd significance to the saucy t knowing "spring," as it is called, of the ir yacht that way. The cocks and hens in the coops were straining their throats and a blending with their cheerful voices was a l noise of pigs; there was black smoke I pouring away from the galley chimney, t and now and again you got a whiff of t something good frying for the men's i breakfasts, for my cousin fed his sailors well. The Bride, with erect masts, was s sliding over the wide folds of water whose undulations were so long drawn and n regular as to be scarce perceptible in the r motion of the vessel; there was air enough a to crisp the sea, and where the sun's light lay the tremble was blinding; on either y bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil-smooth water t going away astern from under the counter; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of the c yacht being a pile of white cloths-every stitch she owned abroad to her topgallant a studdingsail. C The mate had charge and was stumping I the weather side of the quarterdeck in his sour way when I arrived. i "Good morning, Mr. Crimp." t "Marning," he answered. e "Ugly squall that last night." r "Ugly? ay." The fellow gave the word sir to no man, restricting its use when ashore to dogs as t Finn once told me; but his surly tricks of 1I speech and manner were so wholly a part e of him, so entirely natural,, so uncon- r sciously expressed, that it would have. i been as idle to resent them as to have t quarrelled with him for havinggan askew fi eye or lost one's temper becausel his beard resembled rope yarns. I "Aniythling in sight?" I asked, looking t round. ii "Ay," he answered. ii "Wheore" I exclaimed, running my f eye over the sea. v "Up yonder," lhe responded, indicating a with a gesture of his chin the topgallant- a yard where was perched the inevitable y figure of a look-out man. r "But where away, Mr. Crimp,-whero r away, sir?" d "On the starboard bow," he answered, t "'tain't long been sighted." Breakfast would not be ready for some n timne yet, and having nothing to do I thought I would make a journeoy aloft on my own account and take a view of the li distant sail and of the spacious field of l the glittering morning ocean from the i I altitude of the masthead. I stepped below v for a telescope of my own, a glass I hlad many a tisme oced theM sea with wheni II was doing peinance for past and future v sins in African and West Indian waters. IMutlin was at the foot of thIe companion a steps hlolding a pair of Wilfrid's boots. t Ie cast his eyes down and drew hIis figure t in i thloughl thero was abundance of room I for me to pnas. A slow obsequious, c apologetic smile went twisting and curling a ldown his lips; Iris yellow face had a bur- p nislhed look; lie was uncosnunonly clean shaven, anid hIis hair was brushed, or f plaistered to the slmootlhnoss of his skull. t "Got your courage back ?" said I. c "'Thank you, yes air," he answered a hshumbly with Ihis eyes respectfully cast d Sdown. '" Richard's himself again thlis smorninsg, sir, as the saying is. But itwas I a 'orrible time, sir." I to "You came near to making it so," said ig I. "Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yetl" ry "Yes, sir."' \- "How is hlie?" id "'Asleep, sir," he replied in a blandly n- confidential way. ,n "Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't I disturb him. He passid a bad night down id to two or three o'clock this morning." I p, was going; suddenly I stopped. "By the way," said I, rounding upon the fellow, t " how long have you been in Sir Wilfrid's is service ?" le My question appeared to penetrate him nl with a consuming desire to be exact. He I partially closed one eye, cocked the other 3- aloft like a lien in the act of drinking, and then said with the air of one happy in the d power of speaking with accuracy, "It'll d be five months to the hour, sir, come i- height o'clock, Friday evening next." d "During the time that you have been I in his service," said I..carelessly, "have it yoci ??~er heard. him speak of hearing voices or seeing visions?' it , Woices, no sir," lie answered; "but d wisions," he added with a sigh and a lengthening his yellow face into an ex d pression of deep concern, "has, I fear, e sir, more'n once presented theirselves to s hili." d "Of what nature, do you know ?" it "Sir Wilfrid's a little mysterious, sir," 4 he responded in a greasy tone of voice r and looking down as if lie would have me n understand that with all due respect lhe I was my cousin's valet and know his place. t I said no more but made my way on t ii deck with a suspicion in me that the fellow t , had lied, though I hardly know why It r should think so. I trudged forward, and t s finding three or four of the men hanging s about the galley I pulled out five shillings and gave the money to one of them, say ing that I was going aloft and wished to i a pay my footing, for I was in no temper to t be chased and worried. This made me I V free of the rigging, into which I sprang, fand had soon shinned as high as the top- f a gallantyard, upon which I perched myself so noiselessly that the nman who overhung it on the other side of the mast and who t was drowsily chewing upon a quid of I I tobacco with his eye screwed into Wilfrid's i s lovely telescope, had no notion I was i alongside of him. I coughed softly, for Is s had known seamen to lose their lives when a , up aloft by being suddenly startled. He e put a whiskered face past the mast and a stared at me as if I was Old Nick, out of the minutest pair of eyes I ever saw in the c f human head, mere gimlet-holes they I 3 seemed for the admission of light. 1 "Thinking of your sweetheart, Jack ?" said I with a laugh, ignorant of his name 1; but counting Jack to be a sure word. "Can't rightly say what I was a-think- v ing of, sir," he answered hoarsely; Il " 'twarn't my sweetheart anyways, seeing li that the only gellI was ever really partial - to sairved me as her ledship sarved Sir v , Wilfrid yonder," indicating the quarter- t I deck with a sideways motion of his a ihead. d "Cut stick, eh ?" said I. s S"Wuss than that, sir," he answered. n " If she'd ha' taken herself off and stopped Ii at that I dunno as I should have any occa sion to grumble ; but she prigged the furniture; thart I'd laid in agin getting n married. "Ay, prfgged it. The. boilinhg l amoumited to fourteen pound tow, a bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring c man to be robbed of for the sake of a master chimney- sweep." He cast a slow l3 disgusted look around and expectorated n Swith an air of loathing. is "I hope you got the master chimney- t 4 sweep locked up," said I. "No fear I " cried he, talking very fast; "smite me, your honour, if that there is gell didn't tarn to and swear that that I l furniture was her's, bought out of her is own savings, and that she guy me the a money to order it with. Thinking o' my b sweetheart l" he grumbled, lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his b eye, "if it worn't for women dumned if o this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-living h Sin." h I smothered a laugh, and catching sight v of the sail shining faintly in the blue air, v leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, , I pointed the glass and easily distinguished as the royal, topgallantsail, and a snatch of o the topsail of a ship heading directly for fe sus. C s" I wonder if she'll have any news? " u i said I. s "Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the m l man, " but could you tell me how long it's reckoned in the cabin this here ranmble's v agoing to last ?" b "What was the nature of the voyage n you signed for?" "Why," he replied, " a yachting cruise I to Table Bay and home." 1 "It'll not exceed that, I believe," I ex- h claimed. h "And if we pioks up that there Shark si and recovers the lady afore we git to the b Cape, shall we keep all on or shift our a hellum for Southamptin again ?" E "Captain Finn will be able to tell you sa more about it than I," I responded in a 1 tone that silenced him, though his tiny fc eyes looked athirst for information as lie f regarded me aslant over one of his huge h whiskers. tl The height from from which I surveyed It the vast plain of sea, the spirit of whose w loneliness seemed to find the one touch of tl emphasis it needed to render its magnitudo realisable by human instincts in that re- b msote flaw of ship's canvas which broke t the continuity of the boundless horizon filled me with a feeling of exhilaration I ir cannot express; the sweet mnild ocean cc breeze high on that slender yard sank w througli and through me, and vitality to w its most secret recesses was quickened by ti it into a very intoxication of life, new, I free, ardent; the air hummed gently in a te vibratory metallic note as though it were . some echo of a distant concert of harps I and violins; far down the hull of the ri yacht, plentiful as was her beam in realiy, looked like a long slender plank I rounded at the bows, the wlhitoness of the " deck showing with a sort of radiacnce as n: though it wore tlhinly sheeted with crystal Ii upon which the shadows of the rigging, masts and canvas lay dark and beautifully cl clear, with a fitful swaying of themn to the heave of the faibric, off polished and bril- e: liant things such as the skylight or the 1 brass decoraitions, when flashes of fire it would leap forth to be veiled again in the violet gloom of the recurrent shalde. The b thin curve of foamn on either hand the cut- Ic water looked like frosted silver; mny eye ol wecnt to the airy confines of the ocean on spreading out into a delicate haze of soft o azure light where it washed thie miarble of that magnificent morning firmamsent, and b then it was that, sharper thans over I lhad before felt it, thero rose thIe ,por- al ception in me of the incalculable odds against our sighllting the yacht we were in uIrsucit of, so nmeasuroless did the ocean as distance napcpear when with the gazo going fc fromi the lh'ide's masthead I thought of ft the distance that mado the visible and hi compassable sphere, big as it wias, as little a as a star compalred with the heavenly descrt it floats in. When I looked down again I observed Miss Jennings watchinsg me from the q gangway with her hand shalding her eyes. aid I raised my hat and slhe bowed, and being tl" wishful of her company I bade my friend Jack keep his eyes polished, as the piece that was nailed to the mast would help to dly lessen the loss that his sweetheart had occasioned him, and descended, hearing n't him rumbling in his gizzard as I got off wn the foot-rope, though what he said I did I not catch. the "What is there to be seen, Mr. w, Monson?" was Miss Jennings' first d's question, with a delicate fire of timorous expectation in her eyes. im "Only a ship," said I. lIo "Not- not----" "or "No I not the Shar~ k yet," I exclaimed I nd smiling. ;.le "I am stupid to feel so nervous. I t'll dare say I am as passionately anxious as 1 me Wilfrid to see my sister in this vessel safe I1 \- and separated from - from" - she en faltered and quickly added, bringing her , xe hands together and looking them, "but I I ig dread the moment to arrive when the i Shark will be reported in sight." sut " Well, if we are to pick up that craft," nd said I, "we shall do so and then there'll I ix- be an end on't. But I give you my word, i ar, Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a mighty to big place from that bit of a stick up there." "Too big for this chase ?" "Too big I fear to give Wilfrid the i chance he wants." ] co She sent a bright glance at the top- s no gallant-yard and said, "Does not that a he great height make you feel dizzy?" :e. "Ay, as wine does. There is an in :n toxication as of ether in the air up there. iw Oh, Miss Jennings, if I could only manage I to get you on to that yard-see how near id to heaven it is I You would then be able rg not only to say that you looked like an gs angel, but that you felt like one." t y- She laughed prettily and turned as if to a to invite me to walk. After a bit I spoke of I to the squall last night. It had not disturbed io her. Then I told her of Wilfrid's melan- a g, cliholy perturbation, on which her face r p- grow grave and her air thoughtful. "1f "He did not tell you the nature of the r ig warning?" she inquired. r zo "No. It evidently had reference to a of his baby. I wished to ascertain whether a l's it was a voice or a vision-though I really v as don't know why; for an hallucination is s I an hallucination all the world over, and it v in signifies little whether it be a sheeted eo essence to affect the eye or a string of airy I Id syllables to affright the ear." t of "I am sorry, I am sorry," she ex- 1 to claimed anxiously, " it is a bad symptom, r sy I fear. Yet it ought not to surprise one. r The shock was terrible-so recent tool I Scarcely a fortnight ago he felt safe and t is happy in his wife's love and faith-" v "Maybeo," I interrupted, "but I t k- wouldn't be too sure though. When I r; last met him-I mean somowhilo before d g lie came to ask me to join him in this trip s al -his manner was very clouded, I thought, c ir when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even a r- then suspicion was something more than is a seed. But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it certainly is a i sort of business to play havoc with such a d 1\. mind as his. Did you ever hear of his r id havingrwarnings or seeing visions before?" "- "Nover." oe "I asked his valet that question just 5 g now, and he told me he did not know that - ig his miasr~rfo?d 'woic s,' butld lieve a he was troubled with 'wisions,' as hlie a Ig called thenm." v a "?Wilfrid has been very secret then. w My sister spoke much to me of the odd ýd ness of his character, mado more of it indeed than ever I could witness,-but c r- than one understands why, now," she h exclaimed with an angry toss of her head. o: t; "But she never once hinted at his suffer 0o ing from delusions of the kind you name. ii it How should his man know then? Wilfrid t] ir is not a person to be so very confidential p ie as all that with his servant. I never liked h y Muffin, and I believe he is a story-teller." t] ie "So do I," said I, "and a coward to a is boot," and I told her of my finding him t] if on Ihis knees, and how I had prostrated y ig him with a kick. This provoked one of her cordial, sweet, clearing laughs. It c' it was a music to fit to gayer thoughts than I( r, we had been discoursing, and presently a 1, we were chatting lightly about dress, d society, some maestro's new opera and )f other light topics very much more suitable g ir for a yacht's quarter-deck under such a I morning heaven as ws then shining upon n us, then the raven, owl and bat-like sub- si jects of ghosts, warnings, visions and tl ei msanity. 's The breakfast bell rang; Muffin arrived h 's with a soap-varnished face and a humble In bow, and in greasy accents delivered his w e master's compliments to us and, please, P we were not to wait breakfast for him. a] ie But when we were half through the meal g9 Wilfrid came from his cabin and seated c- himself. He looked worn and worried; his expression was that of a man who has ai k succeeded in calming himself after a secret fe e bitter mental conflict, but whose counten ir ance still wears the traces of his struggle. J; He called for a cup of tea, which with a of n slice of dry toast formed his breakfast. a Now and again I saw himn glancing wist y fully at Miss Jennigbas, but his eyes fell a from her when she looked at himn as though o he feared the detection of some wish or thought in the manner of his watching d her. He inquired languidly about the as o weather, the sail the yacht was under, and th f the like. -s a "Thore'll be a ship in sight over the liI bow," said I, "by the tino we are ready th e to go on deck." lil S "Hai I" he exclaimed, instantly brisken- to I ing; "we must speak her. Were it to ai Scome to twenty vessels a day passing us m k we should hail them all. But it is the th o wind's capriciousness that makes the fret- d y ting part of an excursion of this kind. so Here are we creeping along as though in wi a tow of one of our boats, whilst where the gn ' Sharl is there may be half a gale driving ie Sher through it as fast as a whale's first cc o rush to the stab of a harpoon." n "Heels were given to us in the small e k hours of this morning though," said I. st e "WeVo covered more space of sea in five - ms inutes than I should like to swim if I he l had a monthl to do it in." sq "Oh, but shel was off her course," ex- th y claimed Wilfrid. "Only to the first of the squall," 1 of I exclaimed, "when I wont on deck she was be . lying fair up again and crushling through W e it with the obstinacy of a liner, to E He glanced at mue absently as though hlie be Sbarely attended to my words, and then it b- looked round himn, as I supposed, to bh Sobserve if Mufin and the stewards were a Sout of Ihearing. He lay back in hIis chair, co It eying Miss Jennings for a little with a th if thoughtful regard that was mado pathetic ar d by the marks of care and grief in his face. in I "Laura," hle said, "I am worrying he about baby." i "Why, Wilfrid?" she answered gently. j n "1Oh, it imay be a mnore instmuctive t n anxiety, some secret misgiving, well re g founded but quito inoxplicable and thero- ad f fore to be sneered at by friend Charles we d hero-who knows not yet the subtleties of le Sa flesh-and-blood tic-as more sontinmoent." p y "But why allow a fancy to worry you, ar Wilfrid -' said I. c S "I fear it is no fancy," he answered in Squickly. as "I told Miss Jennilgs," said I, "that al g you have been vexed and upset by what dyou interpreted into a warning." o "Did it particularly refer to baby?" o she asked. d "Wholly," he responded gloomily. g "But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I if somewhat impatiently, "won't you put d this miserable vision into words? What form did it take? A warning I If you choose to view things asquint they're full it of warnings. Consider the superstitions s which flourish; the signs of luck and of ill luck; the moaning of the stumble on the threshold, the capsized salt-collar and the rest of the inventions of the wicked old Ihags who ride a cock-horse on broomsticks. Why," I cried, talking vehemently with I the idea of breaking through the thickness s upon his mind, though it was no better e than elbowing a fog, "I protest, Wilfrt, e I would rather swing at your lower-yard r arm and be cut down after a reasonable I time to plomb the deep peace of the green o silence beneath our keel, than live in a torment of apprehension of shadows, and " convert life into a huge mustard poultice 1 to adjust to my quivering anatomy stagger ing onwards to the grave." He surveyed me with a lack-lustre eye whilst he listened. " Might not this warning, as you call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have been some brief, vivid dream, the impres sion of which was keen enough, when you b awoke, to make you imagine you had viewed what had appeared with open eyes ?" "No l" lie answered emphatically, " what I saw I saw as I see you." " Then it wasn't a voice ? " I exclaimed. "No matter," he said, "God's eye is i upon the innocent. Surely he will pro tect my little one. Still-still-" lie seemed to struggle with some thought and r paused. i I made up my mind to attempt a bold stroke. "Wilf," said I, "your child must be dearer to you than your wife. Since you are uneasy about the bairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift your helm for home, where you will be able to have the child by your side and where there will be no need for warnings relating to her to worry you 7" 1 A dangerous light came into his eyes; his strangely cut nostrils enlarged and trembled; half a dozen dark moods went like ripples of shadow over his face. I regarded him steadfastly, but I will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for his bearing at this moment had more of I the madman in it than I had ever before witnessed. He breathed deep several times before speaking. "You are right," lie said ; "my child is dearer to me than my wife, but my honour stands first of all. For God's sake do not craze me with such sch suggestions. Look at me I" he cried, extending his arms, "gripped here," clasping his left hand, "by my child that in its sweet innocence wouldwithhold me from this pursuit; and dragged here," and here he clenched his right hand with a menacing shake of it, " by a sense of duty that mutt have its way though it should come to my never setting eyes on my baby again. Charles" -his voice sank-" at your hands I should iliaveebxpidtrd loanitlhing better than such advice as this. If you are weary of the voyage-" "No, no," I interrupted. " Why torment me then," lie shouted, " by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows I Is it so? Great heaven, man I you yourself read out the entry in Captain Puncheon's log-book." "WVell, well, Wilfrid," said I sooth ingly, "I am very sorry to have said any thing to annoy you. The fact is I am too prosaic in my views of things to be as helpful as I should like to be in a quest of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I sighted from the topgallantyard has hove into view yet?" The poor fellow rose slowly from his chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as he was. His anger had left him. "Oh for the privilege," he exclaimed, "of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future I Would to heaven I lihad been born a saint with a glory round my head, for by that light only is it pos- 1 sible to interpret the hieroglyphsin which the page of life is printed.' " Miss Jennings," said I, "your sunny hair comes so near to the sort of nimbus i my cousin desires, that I am sure if you i would cast your eyes upon the mystical I page that puzzles him you could read it I aloud to us both by the light of those golden tresses." "Charles," exclaimed Wilfrid shortly, "you are for making fun of everything," and he stalked to his cabin, but only to < fetch his pipe, as I afterwards found. ,I could not discover, however, that Miss Jennings wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion I of my ridiculing propensity. CHAPTER XI. TEE PORTUGUESE BRIG. RIGHT over the bows on either hand the I sky had cleared since the early morning; a the fairy drapery of linked, prismatic, I shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the sea line a dark blue sweep of water against c the delicate effulgence of the heavens, and a like a star clinlbing above that most exquisite horizon shone the sail that was approaching us, still distant a fair eight miles, but already distinctly visible from the low altitude of the Bride's quarter deck. Sir Wilfrid, leaning over the side, a sent a long yearning look at her, then with a glance at the man on the top gallantyard he walked over to Finn, who had relieved the mate at eight bells, and conversed with him. I got a chair for t Miss Jennings, fetched her novel-the t end of the first volume of which seemed I still as far off as the Cape of Good IHope t -and a rug for her feet, and having made c her comfortable I loaded a pipe and squatted myself on dock under the lee of the mnainmass. I was not perhaps in the very sweetest e of tempers; for though what I had said r below might have been a bit provoking, i Wilfrid had turned upon me for it a little too hotly methoughit. This expedition, to be sure, had a special interest for Ihim, as it had a special interest for Miss Jennings; v but so far as I was - concerned it was i a more sympathetic undertaking. My cousin, to be sure, was "wanting '; but that consideration was not going to render ii any indignation I might unwarily provoke r in himn the more endurable. My quanrrel, t however, just then lay with nmyself. I was beginning to consider that I lhad joined WVilfrid in this cruise too hurriedly; t that had I insisted upon more tinme for I reftlection I should have declined the t adventure for the very good reason that I i was unable to see how I could be of the least use to him in it. The ocean maunkeos people selfish ; its monotony presses upon i and contracts the mind as its visible girdle circumscribes tdie sight. Thought is forcedc inwards and the intellect devours itself as the mionkey eats its tail. I was already pilinn somowhat for the divpr. t at sions of the shore. Had I been sensible of any limit to the daily and nightly routine of eating, sleeping, keepinga look out, and discussing probabilities, my humour might have lightened somewhat; SI but on what date was this voyago.to end i ut Where was this white fabric that was at floating in beauty over the quiet waters au going to carry me 7 Heavy clouds of all smoke floated from my lps when I ns thought that for months and months I 11- might be sundered from my club, from he the opera, of which I was a very great ie lover, from the engaging recreation of Id billiards, from the quarter of a hundred of :s. pleasures with which the idle man of th means loads the blunderbuss of life to ss shoot at and kill the flying hours as they or pass. d, Poor Wilfrid, though 1 I thought with a d- sigh; and an emotion of pity rose in me le as it rebuke when I glancedl at his long, in awkward figure, thought of the ittt~ a heart-ache that left hun only wheri lit id slept, of his love for his little one, of thd ce dreadful grief and dishonour that had r- donme to him, of this apparently aimless pursuit upon the boundless surface of the ye ocean of a faithless woman, with the subtle distressing quality of madness in all he ill did, in all lie thought, to make his conduct re a sadder thing than can be described. a- I peeped round the mast for a short iu view of Miss Jennings. She seemed to id have lighted on a chapter in the novel that in was interesting. Under the droop of her long lashes her half-closed violet eyes y, showed with a drowsy gleam; her profile had the delicacy of a cameo, clear and 1\. tender, against the soft grey of the bul is warkas past her. Deuced odd, thought Xi o- that I should find her prettiness so fascis 10 nating; as though, forsooth, she was the id first sweet girl I had ever seen I I filled another pipe and sat awhile puffing slowly, Id with these lines of haunting beauty run Id ning in my head; 5\. Have you seoon but a bright lily grow, lSsefro rude bands have touched It Y Have you marked but the fall of the ,snow S Usforo tihe soil bath smutch'd it? is Have you felt the wool of the beaverv 1, Or swan's down ever? Os have smelt o' the bud o' thi brisro 'n Orthe nard in thae frl ir Or have tasted the bag of the boo? 0 so white O sosft 0 so sweet is she I The poet is also the prophet; and may I; be, thought I, when old Ben Jonson d planned this fairy temple of words, he it had his eye on some such another little I delicate goddess as that yonder. s But there was tohappen presently dasome r thing of a kind to send sentiment flying, A Bit by bit the cloud-mailed sky had :e drawn away down into the Nortlward, al until far past our mastheads that way it was clear blue heaven with an horizon is ruling it of a sort of transparent sharpness Ir that made you imagine you saw the atmo. it sphere beyond through it as though it were it the edge of some huge lens. The breeze s, was weak and the yacht's pace very 1, leisurely; there were hints of a calm at o hand, here and there in certain long d glassy swathes which woundlike currents is amongstthe darkershadowofthe wrinkling b, breeze upon the water; to every small is roll upon the long sleepy undulation, the ir main boom swang in with a short rattle of canvas in the head of the sail and a flap or Id two forwards with the smite of.'tho mast Ih by the square topsail as tlfoiigh there werd to hands aloft lazily beating a carpet. The vessel ahead was steering dead for us, her masts in one. She was much I, smaller than I had supposed from the a first glimpse I caught of her from the it masthead-a little brig, apparently, her .0 cloths showing out rusty to the brilliance as she neared us, albeit, afar they had i- shone like a star of white fire. :Her hull r- was of a dirty yellow-a sort of pea-soup o colour, and the foot of her. foresail was as spread by a bentinck boom. She was if without an atom of interest in my eyes ' a small foreigner, as I supposed, slug n gishly lumbering home to some Spanish r or Italian port with her forecastle filled with chocolate-coloured Dagos, and the is cabin atmosphere poisonous with the lin' e gering fumes of bad cooking. i Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at her together, the latter raising a glass to hit I, eye from time to time. I knocked thet a ashes out of my bowl and crossed over td a them. d "It will be strange if she has any news i- to give us of the Shark," said I. h "We will speak her, of course," said Wilfrid. y " Looks as if she meant to give us the s stem," exclaimed Finn, with a glance aft u at the fellow at the helm; "she is steer. 1 ing dead on for us, as if her course were t a bee-line and we were athwart it." e " I expect she'll not be able to talk to you in English," said I. , "LWhat is her country, do you think, Mr. Monson?" asked Miss. Jennings, a closing her volume and joining us. "Italian. What say you, captain " S " Well, I can't rightly tell what she is," Slihe answered, "but I know what she ain't -and that's English." He stepped aft, bent on the ensign, and ran it aloft. "Does she see us ?" exclaimed Wilfrid. "Really she is steering as if she would run us down." I took the captain's glass and brought 9 it to bear. She was bow on, and there was no sign of a head over the forecastle rail - nothing living in the rigging or upon the yards either; the foresail con I coaled the run of her abaft. "She I appears derelict," said I, "with her helm Ssecured amidships, and blowing like the Swind-as she listeth." S" Time to get out of her road, I think,8 Sgrumbled Finn. "Down hellum I " The turn of a spoke or two brought the stranger on thMe lee bow. Then it was Sthat, on taking another viewof her through Sthe glass, I observed a couple of men standing near a jolly-boat, that swung at a pair of heav4 wooden davits like a Nan tucket whaler's on the quarter. One of them wore a rod cap resemnbling an inverted Sflower-pot; the other, whilst he addressed his companion, gesticulated with incon ceivable vehemence. "Foreigners of a surety I" said I; "they'll have no news for us." All continued quiet; the two vessels approached each other slowly; the stranger now proving herself, as I had supposed her, a brig of about a lsundred and eighty tons, as dirty a looking craft as everI saw, stained in streaks about the hull, as though her crew waslled the decks down with the water in which they boiled their meat; her rigging slack and grey for want of tar; the clews of her sadls gaping at a distance front liher yardarms; and at her mainmast- head an immelnse weather-coek, representing a boat with what I supposed to be a saint standing up in it, with giltb enoughl loft upon the metal of which it was formed to flashl dully at intervals as the rolling of the vessel aswung the sun light off and on to it. As she lifted to the floating heave of the sea she showed a bottom of ugly green aheoathing, rich with marine growths, dark p.tches of barnacles, sea-moss, anid long trailings of weeood rising vividly green froii the sparkle of the brine. "What a very horrid-looking boat,' observed MIiss Jennings. As the girl said this I saw thle follow at the stranger'a wheel revolve it with frantic gestures as though some deadly danger 1 had been descried close aboard; the brig caum heavily and sluggishly round right athwart our course, showing no colours, and dipping her channels to the run of the folds with the weary motion of a wa\ter-logged vessel, and so lay all aback. Finn looked on, scarcely understanding the manomuvro, then bawled out, " Hard twnl! -lared down ? Chuck her right up in the wind I Why, bless my body and soul, what are the fools aiming at ? The yacht nimbly answering her henl calle to a stand, her square calnvas to the must, her fore and aft sails fluttering. " Hail her, Finn I" cried Wilfrid with excitomllent. "ŽNo need, sir; they're coming aboard," answered tle., captain, and sure enlough there were the men, the only two besides the manl at tho helm who were visible, working like madmon to lower away their illy-hoat. In their red-hote haste they 4 let her drop with a run, and the fat fabric I smote the water so heavily that I looked to see her floiting in staves alongside. 2 Then down one fall with the agility of a monkey dropped the mnau in the red nightcap into her and unhooked the blocks, jumpting about like a niadman. HIis com panions swung himself down by the other fall, and in a trice both men, sittin$g so far in the head of the bbat as to cock her stern high up, whilst her nose was nearly I undor, were pulling for tlio yacht as though the devil himself were in pursnit of them. "What do thejr w~ant?' The Bride ?" exclaimed Wilfrid, breaking into a hugo roar of laughter; with.a slap of his knee. lIe had been eyeing the approach of the boat with a sort of high, lifting stire head thrown back, nostrils rouild mid quivering like an impatient horse's. " The desire of the moth for the star !." said I to 1Iiss eJhni gs. "Butt the simile o won't hold ; olnder red nightcap spoils the fancy of the mloth." i "Shall we receive, them aboard, sir 7" cxclaimed Captain Fhin. "Certainly,"" responded Wilfrid;, with another short shout of ltitghtor. "Unshij that there gangway,", sung out Finnm; " the steps over the side, one of yo." The' two strange creatures pulled with ? amazing contortions. Small wonder that the heap of cliild-like disposition: that pretty well mnade up the substanceo of Wilfrid's nianhliod, should have been stirred into c.travagant .mmerriiuent bjr the wild movenients of the twbo' fellows' bodies, the windmtill-like flourishings of their! oars,: the flopping and flaipping of the- red cap, the incessant straiiniig amid twisting of the bchocblate -faces oei'o the shoulder to soo lioiy they were heading, the shrill xolmunatioins that soutided from the institit the follows Were within ciar shot and that never ceased until they had iloundeord and splashed alongside. (eTo be coneltitted.) 