The Angel in the Household. A CHRISTMAS DR1AM. Br AGNES NEALE. [Thii la a dream watoh really oima to mieneOhiM ma* Bva, and believing that It held leHons whloh night anU other lira m waU aa mine 1 bare em bodied II in the following poem.] X. The mnsrt flatbed the distant hUb with rota And soarves oi erimson and of golden dye. Like gotgeooa royal banners, fold on fold, Graoed the bine glory of the evening sky. And from between the crimson and the gold One gleaming point of light its ray shit down, UTnmt fair, mnat twnKfnl moat radiant Mm Of all that glittered on Night's starry crown, Soft bslmly breezes floated to and fro, And/listening eamesUy. it seemed to me I heard again repeated to men's ears That one grand bant of angel minstrelsy— 'Glory to God.' peaoe and goodwill to men Man and his God for ever linked in one ; The day star ruin? on a world in night. Salvation's glorious golden day began. My thoughts were woven into glittering cards, Whose twisted strands held colon rioh and deep; While over me, from some retreat unseen. Fell the soft shadow of the angel sleep. And in my dream I seemed to wander far, Through dell and glade and over mountains high. Pauring sometimes to watoh a streamlet's flaw ' Or lily leaves on still pond waters lie. At length I paused beside a lovely home. Myself unseen, bnt seeing all things clear; And sore I thought that only joy and peaoe Oonld find an entrance, lets a dwelling here, The ample garden beds were bright with flowers, And climbing roses wreathed the windows round, And lovely creepers trailed in careless graoe Their gorgeous blossoms on the dewy ground. And seeing still, bnt still unseen, I passed Within the door and through the quiet place, Where all around refined, yet simple taste Had tonehed the household god with faultless graoe. And through the open windows swept the breeze, Fragrant and soft with kissing blossom beds, And eool as when the day's hot splendor past The loving sky her dewy blessing sheds, Twaa Christmas iEve, and yet the house was still; I oaught no sound of rippling laughter sweet, No glimpse of dancing eyes and shining carls, No ceaseless pattering of tiny feet, I saw instead an angel pure and fair, With hair of shining gold and eyes of light, With wide, soft pinions, glisteningiUke theaters* Folded above her garments gleaming, white ) And ever softly through the house she went, And all the plaoe graw brighter where she trod; And where her touch or glanoes fell she left A feeling like a new sweet thought of God* But still there rested on the house a gloom, A shadow as of trouble deeply felt Went with the husband in his daily task, Or where his wife in silent praying knelt. In vain the angel spread her wide white . wings, Shedding around a shower of living light ; In vain she kissed the flowers to brighter hue Or touched the lilies into purer white* They never saw, not once in all the yean Bad she in unveiled beauty blessed their eyes; Sometimes they thought the sunshine was more bright Or that a deeper blue had touched the sktas. They had all earthly blessings heart oonld wish; They had each other and each other's love Love, the divinest gift that ever fell From God's great treasure house of gifts above. Love, having which no heart should feel bereft, Though this world's heaviest burdenB on them fall; Love is life's royal robing and its crown* Life's fairest flower, life's costliest gem, life's alll Without it sold is dross and monarohs poor, And pleasure but another name for pain j All joy, all wealth, all beauty— mockery. Ail that all worlds oould give as nothing vain! And these ;had love, and yet they would not ?ee The wealth of beauty round about them spread, Not yet the beauty of the angel form That ever followed them with noiseless tread. One prayer their lips Bent ever up to God, Ope prayer alone with aught of earnestness, Saying, hi sullen wrath for Hopes deferred. No other gift of God their lives oould blesr; - But never trying, ' fiord, Thy will be done,' Nor thinking it, but longing for their own : Each with the other grew dissatisfied, Eaoh moaning ceaselessly one changeless moan. And so the glorious ChrutmaBtide had come And found the household cheerless, dull, and still— All rave the angel with her rsdiant face. Whose only pleasure was her Father's will. II. Then in my dream a year had pawed away. And once again I stood within that home ; And while the soented breezes filled the house I watolied to see the household's angel come. I watched in vain, and then it seemed to me That all the plaoe had somehow darker grown. As it might be the shadow of a cloud Had just been o'er a sunny landscape thrown. And yet the house seemed full of danoing joy But half suppressed for some cause yet unknown. As when an honored guest arrives at last Or when an heir, triumphant, claims his own. No lack of Christmas jollity to-day, No lack of garlands— all the bads were bare, Rifled of all their beauty ; but within They glowed and gleamed and clustered everywhere! Nothing was wanting that thiB world oould give, Of all things sweet or beautiful or rate, What more could mortal wish or heart desire ? Only I missed the household's angel there. I missed the silent step, the gentle touch ; I missed the jewelled pinions wide and white; I missed the aureole of shining hair. The loving glances from the eyes of lighti Bnt she was gone, and in her plaoe this shade ; Of all her presence was there nothing left ? Naught but this sense of great unfathomed loss? And was the shadowed household quite bereft? No ; for I stood within a broad cool room (Here only purest flowers had found] their way), With windows darkened earef ally to hide The too great splendor of the glowing day. And here I found the cause of all the joy— A tiny human blossom slept serene. Its infant beauty gleaming pure and fair, Pink satin folds and oobweb lace between The sullen gloom had left the husband's eyes. The wife's pale face wore only gladness now ; No shade oould be disoerned on either faoe; And happiness alone dwelt on eaoh brow. Their prayer was answered, That one only prayer Which for long years their hearts had offered up. Deeming that, lacking that one crowning bliss, Their life was but an empty, joyless cup. And God had heard and answered them at last, But not in love, as sometimes He denies ; But wearied with their constant moaning plaint He sent the child to hush their selfish ones. He gave the child, bat from that hour He took The richest blessing that the house oould know. No looser on sweet - noughts of love intent Would thoBe light angel footsteps oome and go.i II Tby will be done' was never in their hearts ; So God had granted their own will, not His ; And, with the granting, though they knew it not. Had taken from their life its best of bliss, la God so cold, then ? Must we never pray For those great joys we long so to possess? fill I anftnatwj tssm Mair-m kftrta vViw f% *«-t. *4M* j|a«M ?) Are there no suppliants that God will bless? May we not pray that friendship's three fold cord Shall bind our souls in bauds too strong to parti? May we not pray that love's |bt'ght wings of light Shall drop her dewy sweetness on each heart? Aye, we may pray ; God loves to hear us pray. Has He not bid us ask for all we need? The weakest suppliant gams His willing ear J He will not trample on the broken reed. Only— 'for Jesus' sake,' 'Thy will be done'— These are the two conditions God has set t And only on the grouni these two have formed Have God and Hit creation teauy met, ?«Thy will be done; Father, Thy wiD, not mine.' Sow strong the hand that guides our wishes right. Not for tby sake, bnt for Thine own dear Son. How great the love that holds them in His sight, If we but pray, using these forms aright, With heart and soul, and not with Hps alone* Then will God oount all tears our eyes may shed, Then will He not be deaf to any moan, And tenderly, as with a mother's hand, The Lord will comfort all who trust His will; Will counsel and uphold them, and defend E'en thonghthe thorns are round about them still. Will God srant every nrat er ? I think not so. Because we know not sometimes what we ask; And to endure the gifts we most do crave Would be, sometimes, I fear, a bitter task. ' Tby win be done,' and 'for Thy San's dear sake,' Our hearts once holding these, all warnings cease; These make ub sure of God's eternal lovei These wrap our eoula in God'a eternal peaoe. III. The years passed onward, one by one they flew, And every Ohristmastide I saw that home, And every year, or so it seemed to me, A new dark cloud across its light had come. First wealth found wings, and in its room had come Close, straitened means— they scaraely kept the place; But heavy lines of care and sorrow too Were making inroads on eaoh darkened face, Each day the listless man must face the world, Each day the woman meet her tasks at home; And hour by hour among the unkept beds Small childish hands and restless feet would roam. And was she not a blessing— she whose birth Had come in answer to ions earnest prayers ? She was so beautiful she might have been One of God's denizens of upper air ; Her eyes were blue, like summer Bkies at eve When lightff that shine on other world's than -this— Or seem to shine— in gleams of sheeny gold Touch the blue glory with a tender bubs ; Her hair was like to that the silkworms weave, As smooth and soft, ae delicately bright. And crowned her like a saintly coronal. Shot through and through with glittering spears mf -light. They loved her well and fondly guarded her, Their one fair treasure ; yet their souls had lost God's presence in their house, God's graoioua smile— This was the price the child's sweet life had ocat. And she was frail, year after year more frail— I noted well the change each OhristmaBtide, And woadered sometimes what the end would be If this, their earthly all, their darling died. Then came onoe more a change upon the soeue, And fortune showered with lavish, careless hand Into their bosoms hoards of precious gold And goodly treasures from the bounteous land. Once more the lovely home was all their own. Once more the garden beds were f reBh and neat, And on the clean white paths and in and out The tiny maiden went with dainty feet, She loved the flowers, ahe loved the butterflies, She w»s akin to all things fair and bright ; And as I gazed-upm her thick tears rose And for a little hid her from my Bight. She was sa fair, so very pure, so frail ; She seemed akin, too, to those shining ones Who, floating on white pinions, tune their harps To love, and awe before heaven's gleaming thrones. But she was fading, God was taking her, The gem He had but lent them for awhile ; I knew it by her blue eyes' sunlit oalm, By the unearthly radiance of her smile. And one, it seemed to me, beside myself And that fair child knew what was coming too; The mother bent her head with silent lips As though the dart had struok her being through. But I oould see that gently, one by one, God softly drew to His own tender hold The love cords that the child mast needs let fallj When those fair fingers should be still and oold, And I was glad, because I knew that God Wat slowly drawing those two souls to Him ; That light from the eternal fount of light WculdJBUMly plane earth's shadows oold and And when faVwSel to the child should leave The fair frail form in whigm it now did dwell Goijjb touoh would teaohthe quivering lips to *^flF?tvrfi£a*tooki God doeth all things well.' IV* Another Christmas Eve had dawned and died, And, in my dream, I yet again was borne To that fair homestead which my eyes had first Beheld all glowing in the golden morn. But now I stood beside it in the night, In the deadlbeart of night Berene and still, When silver floods of moonlight bathed the slope And lay in shimmering flecks o'er vale and hill. ? Its shiubs and plants, like weird ghosts, seemed to be Wrapped in their winding sheets of pale moonlight. With bowed headB waiting, mute and patiently. And then again I stood within that room. That room so foil of homelike grace and ease, And caught the flatter of the curtain laoe, Tossed lightly inward by the balmy breeze ; An awful silence brooded o'er the room, A silence brought by one dark guest alone ; And through the silence, yet not breaking it, There fell upon mine ear the heart-wrung moan. And yet it seemed to me that, Bpite the chill And spite the sombre shadows full of gloomj A golden radiance rested on the plaoe That I bad seen but onoe in that fair room, I gazed upon the child, so still and sweet. Whose faultless face the lights were flicker ing o'er, On the tich coronal of golden hair. And on^ie- wbite lips sealed for evermore. Beside toe coffin lid the mother sat, Her tears were dropping heavily, like rain ; ' Never to see thee more.' she murmured low, 'Never behold my darling's face again,' Around the child shite roseB fading lay. And blossoms yet more frail, 0 not more fair. Touched lovingly her marble cheek and hands And kissed the tretses of her gleaming hair. The mother stooped, amid her blinding tears, To raise a blossom shaken out of place ; And then I taw, bending beside her own, The calm) sweet beauty of an angel face. She touched the weeping eyes so lovingly : 'Mother,' she whupered fondly, 'lam here ;' Mother, look up and see me as I am ; ThiB onoe God bids you see me, mother dear.' The mother looked, and there beside her stood An angel with wide starlit wings outspread, With snowy robes and eyes of heaven's own blue And wreaths of shining glory on her head. The mother raised her hands and strove to clasp Close in her arms that radiant thing of light ; 'Nay,' said the angel, 'gaze, but touoh me not ; God grants this vision to your longing sight.' 'My child,' the mother sighed, 'Oh, leave me not ! 'Nay,' cried the angel, 'that I ne'er shall do ; My place is here beside you through all time ; O'er all life's thorny paths to walk with you. ' This was my mission— always I was sent The angel in your hearts and home to be, But you grew disoontented with God's ways Because yocr eyes were dark and could not Bee; ' And so God 'shrined me in this thing of day. And for a season all your light was hid. And I could no more help you, trammelled so, Than that oold beauty *neath the coffin lid. 'Then, gently, God released me from my bonds, And in the prooess drew your hearts to Him ; So henceforth you will walk together, strong. With eyes that earthly mists no more can dim » ' You will be happier as the years roll on, And for your lives the world will brighter bs, Because your hearts will. In the oomiag time, Close and still closer oling to God and me. 'First to your God, your household's angel next (Each household has its angel, did men know), _. Till, wafted on a breath of God's great love, Triumphant through the. pearly gates we go.' Then, as a pebble dropped into a lake. Sends all the glittering waves to kiss the shore, So I awakened by some unknown touob, And the sweet vision pasted for evermore, Ohrutmas, JSSO. 