AUSTRALASIAN DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL ASSOCIATION. THE ANNUAL GATHERING. The annual gathering and luncheon of the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Associa- non was held yesterday afternoon, in the Freemasons' hall. Mr. J. L. Toole occupied the chair, and Mr George Coppin, M.L.C., the vice chair. There was a large assemblage present. Mr. J. L. Toole proposed the toast of " Her Majesty the Queen," and in doing so alluded to the liberal manner in which Her Majesty had supported the kindred association in Eng- land. On his return he would endeavour to have this association also recognised. After the toast had been honoured, Mr. J L. TOOLE proposed ' The Australa- sian Dramatic and Musical Association." Al- though ignorant of the actual details of the fund of the association he understood that Mr George Coppin had taken it in hand, and he felt sure, like everything else that that gentleman undertook it would be a great success. ( Applause. ) He hoped that the fund would benefit by the gathering that day, and he might say that he desired, with the permission of the secretary, to become a life governor. (Applause.) There was an old story of an actor named Harley, who once when travelling about had so fasci- nated an old gentleman that it eventuated in his leaving Harley a house and a cellar of wine in Gower-street, in addition to other delightful things. For many years past he had been trying to find an old gentleman to fascinate. (Laughter. ) He might say when he did find the old man he would get him to leave his wealth, not to J. L. Toole but to the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Association. ( Ap- plause. ) Mr GEORGE COPPIN, M.L.C., in responding to the toast, stated that he felt it a great privilege to be called upon to respond to the toast which their esteemed visitor, Mr. J. L. Toole, had proposed. He could assure them that the gathering of 1890 derived a special interest from the presence of Mr Toole, who held the highest position as a comedian, and was notorious for his benevolence to institu- tions connected with the theatrical profes- sion. He considered that he was entitled to the heartiest reception as the representative of dramatic art in the old country. But they had also another comedian present, who since 1843 had occupied a prominent position as actor and mutineer, and might fairly pose is the representative of dramatic art in the new country. His name was George Coppin, Johnnie and Geordie now net under a Masonic roof, and the hands across the sea had turned into hands across the table. Several attempts had been made to form an institution to benefit the poor and distressed members of the profession in the colonies, but none had been successful until the present one, and that would never have lived if it had not been for the rule providing for the formation and maintenance of a permanent fund. All payments went to this fund, and only the interest of it could be used. Like most institutions, it had at first got into low water, and an attempt had been made to get at it but, with the assistance of Mr. L. L. Smith, he had an act passed in Parliament which prevented this. The fund, which amounted to £4,400, brought in about £400 a year. Certain advantages accrued to members of the association. By the payment of a guinea a year they received free medical advice and medicine, and an allowance if necessary. Besides that, in old age they had a cot- tage and 14s. a week if in want. Not- withstanding this, however the society had been dormant for some time. Since 1884 only two life governors had been enrolled, viz., Mr. Garner and Mr. Musgrove. He sin- cerely hoped the association would prosper. Unfortunately there were a great number of visitors to the colonies who were disap- pointed, and these the association endea- vours to relieve. Dr NEILD proposed "The Drama." The drama he remarked, was universal. It had begun at a very remote period of history, and its tangible recognition might be said to date to a period about 3 000 years back. They had all something in their mind about the British drama but he desired to say some- thing about the Australian drama. First, there came the name of George Coppin, who seemed to have commenced the drama in Victoria, and was playing when he first landed in the country, be did not wish to say how many years back. But not content with this Mr Coppin went home and engaged that grandest of all actors, G. V. Brooke. He had been present at his first appearance in the Queens Theatre, which was now a car- riage factory. He thought the drama in Vic- toria might be considered to have commenced with the epoch of G. V. Brooke. Then there was Barry Sullivan, who for some years took a leading position and rendered the dramatic art a great service. He much regretted to learn that he was now paralysed and utterly lost to all associations in the great drama in which he played so con- spicuous a part. Then there were Anderson, Montgomery, Charles Mathews, G. R. Rogers, and Lambert. He thought the drama in Victoria might be considered to have taken a very prominent position, and that it now stood upon as excellent a basis as it did in any part of the world. Mr. ARTHUR GARNER in responding stated that in looking along the vista of past years he found himself to be the senior manager in active work. As regarded the drama in Aus- tralia, from a managerial point of view, it had never been more successful than within the last few years. The five theatres in Melbourne took about £5 000 a week, or £160 000 per year. This prosperity, of course, enabled the artists to receive large and very handsome remuneration, and as a consequence, per- haps they were led to think that sufficient for the day was the evil thereof, and not to care to provide for the far-off future. He thought that this was one of the reasons why the association had lain dormant so long. Now, however, that Mr Coppin had obtained a bill regulating the distribution of the fund that met with the approval of the profession he thought he should be able to go ahead. It was, however, necessary for a preacher to put his preaching into practical shape. Mr Coppin had made his children as they were born life-governors of the institution. He regretted to say that he (Mr. Garner) had neglected to do this, but he would now make his wife and four children life-governors. (Applause. ) Mr. R. BROUGH also briefly responded. Mr. G. S. TITHERADGE proposed "The Press." It was an undeniable fact that the dramatic criticism of the Melbourne press was of the highest standard. It should be a matter of most hearty congratulation that they had amongst them as critics gentlemen of the very highest ability, who brought to their work long experience, a perfect mastery of their profession, a studied impartiality and an integrity which was absolutely un- impeachable. Mr. JAMES SMITH, in responding, stated that when he looked around the room and saw such a large and brilliant assemblage of members of the theatrical profession, he could hardly believe that the Melbourne stage was not yet 50 years old. Such, how- ever, wa the fact, and there was one of its distinguished ornaments present who remem- bered the first theatre ever built in the city. He spoke of their old friend Mr. George Coppin, an admirable comedian, a valuable citizen, and the Nestor of the Australian stage. Only there seemed to have been two George Coppins, both of them excellent actors and estimable men, for he found one George Coppin advertising a benefit performance in the Melbourne papers on Waterloo Day, 1846, as " most positively the last appear- ance of himself and his wife on any stage," and announcing that he " would appear as Bill) Barlow, and take a final farewell of the stage." Now as that George Coppin had quitted the boards so many years ago, it stood to reason that this could not be the same George Coppin who had delighted so many thousands of people in these colonies at a much later epoch. But the original George Coppin—if he were here—could tell them that as far back as 40 years ago the Melbourne stage could boast of some really fine artistes. There were, to begin with, himself and his accomplished wife—the Lady Teazle and Pauline Descha- pelles of those days. Then there was Nesbitt —no relation, he believed, to the charming actress, the echoes of whose silvery laughter still lingered in the chambers of his memory. He was told that he greatly resembled G. V. Brooke in appearance, voice, manner, and dramatic power. Then came Rogers, one of the most sterling representatives of the Teazles, Absolutes, and Oglebys of English comedy that he had ever seen ; and he was old enough to remember the elder Farren. Next must be mentioned Charles Young, good alike in comedy, farce, burlesque, extrava- ganza and pantomime, and his clever wife, better known to them as Mrs. H. Vezin. In those days, a first old man like Rogers, and a useful actress like his wife, used to divide between them the munificent salary of £2 10s. per week. The entire company costing much less than £20 per week ; and if the weekly receipts mounted up to £40 or £50, the manager treated all hands to shandy-gaff. When crowded to excess, the old Queen's only held £70 ; and yet, as the present Mr. Coppin had reminded them, the takings in that same house, when C. Hayes sang there, a few years later, were £1,000 in one night, and they were all in gold. That was indeed a golden time, when the diggers used to pelt popular dancers with crown pieces, and throw nuggets at them carefully wrapped up in £1 notes. A new era had dawned for the Melbourne stage when Mr. Coppin went home in 1854, and not only brought out with him G. V. Brooke, Fanny Cathcart, R. Younge, and a good stock company, but a theatre also, which was put together and erected in the short space of six weeks. R. H. Horne, the poet, christened it the " Iron Pot," but some splendid theatrical broth had been cooked in that same iron pot. There was a little girl in the company, with a lovely singing voice, playing the Foci in "King Lear," and Prince Arthur in "King John," whom their chairman would remember as having afterwards played the Grand Duchess at Drury-lane. And what a succession of ghosts flitted past him as he recalled the names of those who had appeared upon the Melbourne boards—Laura Keene, Kate Hayes, Anna Bishop, Lola Montez, James Hudson, Lam- bert, Rogers Mrs A. Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, Sir William and Lady Don, Walter Montgomery, Charles Matthews, Mrs. Vickery, Ellen Mortyn, Charles Dillon, Madame Celeste, William Hoskins, Mungall, Collins, Charles Vincent, R. and F. Younge, William Creswick, and a host of lesser lights. Among the living actors and actresses who had also adorned the Melbourne stage were Edwin Booth, James Anderson, Henry Ed- wards, Barry Sullivan, Madame Ristori, Madame Janauschek, Miss Genevieve Ward, Mrs Scott Siddons and Joseph Jefferson— whose genius, he thought, they might claim to have discovered. Such was a brief and rapid survey of the past, which, no less than the present, was something to be proud of. With such an artist as Mr Warner at the Royal, with his old friend—their old friend everybody's old friend—Mr Toole and his clever company at the Princess's, with such unique performances as those of " Diplo- macy " and "Caste" at the Bijou, with Mr. Dampier illustrating colonial romance at the Alexandra, with so bright and popular a presentation as that of " Paul Jones " at the Opera-house, with Sir Charles and Lady Hallé and Mr Hamilton Clarke and his talented orchestra at the Town-hall, and with scenic artists like Gordon, Spong, Hennings, and Brunton, he ventured to assert that there was no city of its size and population in the world so well catered for in the matter of public entertainments as Melbourne. His only regret was to see so many worthy, respectable and capable actors walking about the streets of Melbourne without an engage- ment. To the compliment they had paid the profession, to which he had the honour to belong, he thanked them on its be- half most sincerely. Literature naturally cherished a warm affection for art in all its branches, and especially for the art of the dramatist and the actor. Of course, it was impossible for criticism to be always agreeable, and therefore always acceptable for the critic had to consider his duty to the public, as well as to the profes- sion. Moreover, indiscriminate and unvary- ing praise was valueless in the long run, if not contemptible. Nor did any critic profess to be infallible in his judgments and opinions. But if he were honest and sincere; if he knew his business ; if he endeavoured to be just without being ungenerous ; if he was naturally sympathetic; and if he was animited by a genuine affection for the art, of which he saw so many gifted exponents and able interpreters around him, and by a hearty desire to promote its growth and elevation, he thought he might succeed in rendering some slight service to an honour- able profession, whose enviable privilege it was to excite all the best emotions of their nature, and to minister—in all ages, in all countries, and under every phase of civilisation—to what Dr. Johnson called "the harmless gaiety of nations." During the afternoon Mr. J. L. Toole caused much merriment by a humorous song, and Mr George Coppin's narrative in verse of how a lady from Constantinople had deceived him was much appreciated. The other toasts were "The Ladies " and "The Chairman." 