3 O'CLOCK IN TH& /.'MOVING. ' ; I dp not'think I am more superstitious than my fellow-oreatures- certainly not. nearly bo' superstitious as the ordinary run of Cousin Jackies (as my Cornish brethren are called), who see in every uncommon circumstance either the Roger of the devil or the interference of some mischievous plBK6V. 1 conieSB l uuve uui oddu uuu devil, nor heard a ' knocker,' neither have 1 'been ' piskeylated,' but I have seen and felt too (call it coincidence if you will) supernatural influences which hove stirred my innermost soul with horrible |as well as 'pleasurable emotions. I have had visions ?which hove been a correct forecast of some momentous issue. I have seen a spiritual apparition which was as true a ghost as ever man saw, and I have slept — tried to sleep I mean— in a strange bedroom where in, without my knowledge of it, a cut throated suicide had previously died, and which proved to my exp.rience a ve itiible; chamber of horrors. I do not record these1 facts to make believe mine has been an .ex traordinary career; it has not, for if I except one passage, the singular events which 1 am now about to relate, my history ?ifl'a simple pastorale, plicid, and on the -whole happy. .- — ?- '? : : - . My home, almost.out of the- world, is; situated on one of- the extensions. -of that' most- desolate waste— Dartmoor. ^. -Here -I,; 'John'Verkbe Troglawn, a .Cori.ishman, bj the industry of my farefalhtrs have the good fortune to -inherit a fertile tract of country reclaimed from the wild waste, a competency which only enta'ls on me an ? indolent industry of superintending, on horseback chiefly, the work of afew Tiinds .and farm laborers. My home and grounds are pleasantly situated in a V-shaped hol low, on two. sides of which two streamlets run in deep' furrows worn out by frtquent inundations. One stream, separates my property from' the gorso-covered undula tions, which, rising higher and higher, cul minate in the peak Tes Tor, twenty miles away n Devon — the other s'ream bounds ?a rocky, uncullivatable tract whichiruggeflly extends to the abrupt cliffs at the extreme north of Cornwall. Two miles in our rear lies the little Tillage of St. Quageey, and save from pur farmhouses, we have no neighbor '.Within a mile and a half of our homestead. . Ten. years ago, when I was but nineteen years of age, the death of my father threw the responsibilities of manhood and the eBtate on my shoulders, and since that time mother and I have lived alone in this soli tude /with our servants, visited but rardly ny associates or relatives. Of near reldtiv: s I have but few— nearly all of whom reside at a distance. When young T frequently ?visited my mother's brother, JameB Verkoe, 'who lived away, down to Marazion, near Fenzance; and 1 iemember .with' what pleasure I. used to gallop across Ihu isthmus to St. Michael's Mount when the tide was but, to climb the steep ruggedriess there'i end dreamily rest on some rocky spur, half hoping to 'have' the drama'qf '.?Tack the Giant Killer,' with the Ogre'Cormoran, played once again on the level below.' I ?was a great favorite with my uncle and mint, and even my little baby cousin Annie e ?would chuckle and crow . with me as with no one else, and when but a chip ot' a girl would toddle beside me on the beach, or ask. for 'a trot on my shoulders, showing all the' while a loving friendship which was as dear as it was amusing and inno cent., '?.; : . ?' ??' ? ' -?:'!'??; Alas! for youth! Its happiness must bow before- the inevitable sorrow. -Sooner' or later the arrow of destruction; flies,: and changes ;for ever the current of its carelef s Wise..,',...'''. ? ' ..' - -. . . ? ,.,. '?'Some -people are matured late in Hfe, some attain maturity early, and. very;few there' are indeed who ' cannot point ,tp some period of their life wherein : with compara tive suddenness, by 'some trivial or tragic circumstance they can certainly say, 'Here ended my youth,' 'Here commenced my manhood.' ? Mine commehc d with my. father's; death ; and long:' before I was thirty, the sober and 'reflective, stage pf the. prime of men was. reached' by me-: at flve-and-twenty I felt' like most men at forty.. . . . . r :,....'.. ?^ Then it was a telegram broke the mono tony of ,our daily existence,;. and', mother and I' were suddenly called tb perform the last~yisiWe token of respect to the dead— my uncle/ JameB had jjasjed «iway.: With baste we sped tolIattCzion,, only in time to' ?witness one of those' awful occurrences which move the deepest depths of emotion and dread. Upon our arrival my aunt, who TTOS somewhat delicate, and who had borne the bitter blow with composure until theD, ^whilst sorrowfully greeting us suddenly Save vent' to her natural feelings, and the floodgates of BuppresBed.ifflictioii violently burst their bonds with fatal effect— the re vulsion was too strong— her heart refused its office, and she almost suddenly suc cumbed to her mental excitement,- and ex pired within an hour of our coming. Let me pass over ' the . dreadful scene, and the concluding obsequies when ,nvin and ?wife' pissed into the chaBm of the Un known',' figuratively hand in haud, via the grave. , ' ;- ', ' '? ' . .- -, ' . ' ' One more mortal within that awful week Joad'passed the' Rubicon of youthful days— her childhood gone for 'evor,! leaving'.' only' the! reminiscence of her fourteen years;' Oserwhelmed,' speechless, and tearless- my orp&aned; cousin sank' under the second inflection, .{Kruisad beyond ^measure, with' her /ayes' withdrawn, from the world, Wanchifd tand paralysed out of materialism 'rbut, oh'! -so terribly beautiful'' in- her gnef.;::r;:;;r; - '-'.'.. ''s' : ?.; ', vv:';;v. ? ?;? \ ?JwiH at 'oncer'ce«ess,' dear reader, but pardon the- wandering' will' 'which; under' the appalling horror of sbch woe;; could' at1 that moment irrelevantly conceive'- augh'S' out : sorrpw— a new sentiment fearfully \--.v,v hi .r.r.-: ,^?s.-[ -r'.y. :? ?.-:-! ' \''zi oil b'oin, .instantly, but'. whic.h',np .piweFcan' 'evenierd'dica^e— cast 'its arhas' around me, and\boiHid!my. 'lite'and 'soiil to;Aahice/? ?'? ' '? Forseveral weeks- we remained; at that picturesque village making 'arrangements For Annica, ns her natural' guardians; to leave her native place for ' our'.abode ; i and in a case' where propsrty and- effects- are concerned, arrangements required, { time. .This was ;all the more favorable- to Annice's mental state, insomuch as it weaned, her from her solitary sorrow, instead of deep ening her inclination to a morbid and per manent melancholia by too abrupt changes, which are apt to kill rather than to allev iate. . Meanwhile I, tried to rouse her from her stupor by coaxing her to outdoor exer cise, and succeeded . shortly by assiduous care in recalling her to a passing interest in old associations. She, who was ' aforetime sprightly and vivacious, would walk miles in entire silence. '..':; ' Sometimes we wandered northwards towards St. Ives and Hay le; sometimes we crossed the beach to Fenzance, and on to Mousehole; but more frequently we turned over the cliffs opposite' towards the. Lizard, past the Coastguard .station, down to Prussia Cove. -Feeling as I felt then for her sorrow, reflection taught me sympathy cauld not be meisured by. words. The: sympathy of Elipbnz the Temanite and his brethren towards Job in his dire affliction1 was ecstatically noble so long as the seven days' silence lasted; it was questionable after they opened t' eiraqiths. What impressed me most.. was her likeness to ,a somnambulist; she seemed to walk in her sleep of griff, from which in her helpless nc8h it would be an outrage to awaken her,, and so in si'ence I walked beside her: loving her more intently in our solemn quietness. ; ' ? ' Ultimately we arrived home with our delicate charge, and notwithstanding the unremitting care and solicitude for Annice's comfort, on the part of my mother, and myself, she dropped like a tender flower, until we feared she -.might fode. away and leave but the sad memory of her being to those who loved her. ??-'? , ' , Four years speedily passed in -our, quiet home— years of unxiety true! but:Annice. gradually returned to.healthj ? and , even at the .period- I -tlow relate, recovered a sprigntliness.which gaye promise of cpm plete restoration, if!, she ''could' only have thrown off a dreaminess which, seemed to hold her in subjection. ' She had latterly taken to rambling, her only companion being a young intelligent sheep dog, Kasper; and : mother and I noticsd with satisfaction a healthy glow rising on her sweet face as she returned from her excursions o'er the moor or cliff. Her interest was aroused respecting our locality., and she began asking: .questions about the village, its inhabitants, the moor, the rock-; but one place. \more than any o'her sssinied to fascinate' her r-a crom lech or Druidical stone, known locally as St. Dun's' Stane, which was situated a little wide of the turnpike- leading to Launceston, three , miles' from my -home -across the deso'ate.moor. -.'?.'....? I Had learned to direct my steps thither when Anniee delayed her' retmn, and f rc- qu-ii;tly have I found her seated, :a' sorted in her i thong'. te, on the table-raised, stone, and have even seated myself beside her, without: breaking her abstraction. Itow fr. quei tly.I have huog over ! er on such occasions, feeling a tenderness— a, love, which I dare not make known — a : solicitude such as a mother feels when watching! on uncoefcious bibe in a weary ilsness, when inclination would lead to a display of affec tion, but which prudenca forbids as dan gerous. . . . ?? ,,? ,. :;t ,..' ; ? . On ! how I longed to w.ike 11; e .dreamer, and wake herup.to love !, .How, I. yearned to dispe' the lethargy, and feel her' pulae hrirmjuije with .mine, and beat ..with the same affection \'. ' ' . ' ? ? ( Truly she etill slept ; and I had to admit tomyself it would -have tob-3 soaVj sLrui'igc experience, of spme: wild 'blow al-na, that could rouse her to consciousness^ and life andjove.. . Meanwhile— .?-. . . / waited patiently. . -. , ? ? ' ' (To'be continued.) i - :;',?, ,m 