Kin{! F'eereC ici's atse. \----*ee-- A Story 'of Three Myeterious Gold Pieces The neward l1:oaved by a Dutiful Son. How the Dear Old Mother's Letter Touched the Heart of Her Sov ereign-Days of Peace and Plenty That Came Because a Lad Honored His Mother. One summer morning. a great many years ago, a boy was lying sound asleep on a bench in one of the rooms at Sane-Souci (the country palace of the King cl P'roseia) with all his clothes on. Very gay clothes they word, from the trim blue jaoket, with ies embroidered cult, and shining brass buttons, dog -to the smnrt ehoeer, with their well poli'hed ttecl buckles. But the poor little tfliow face wico not as gay as his dress by any rmeas. It looked sadly pale, and as ?:nn and tired asno if he had been up all night. lo indeed he had, for tounh old King Frederick, who could work from four in the morning till ten at night without seeming a bit worse, sometimee forgot that his poort little Pfag-boy was not as strong as himself, and would often keep him on duty till Karl tfdl aRsep from sheer fatigue, just aa he appeared to have done now. All at once a bell rang sharply in the next toom. At that signal the page ought to have jumped up and gone in to receive his orders for the day, as he had to the first thing every morning, no matter at what hcrr he had gone to bed. DIut he was so fast asleep that he never heard it; and the 1 bell rang again still more sharply without any answer. Then the door of the inner room opened, and out came a very strange figure in. deed. It wees a small, lean gray.haired old man in a habby uniform coat and a pair of long riding boots, which looked as though they had ?ot been cleaned for a month; and as if he were not uotidy enough already, he had smnared the whole front of his coat with aSiff, which fell cff in flakes whenever he moved. His lfce might have been carved in stone, so cold and hard did it look; but in the niidst of it there gleamed an eye so elkar and brieht and piercing that it seemed to go right through every one upon whom it rested. But for this commarndingglaneo one would most likely have taken him for a beggar, and have wondered what businces such a slovenly old fellow could have in the palace at all. lult in reality this queer, shabby little old i man wse no other than Kirg Frederick of Pros-ia himself, the greatest General and statesmen in the world, and famous through. out all Europe under the name of ' Frederick the Great." One could see by the flash of his eye and the sst of his hard old mouth, as ihe came slriding out, that he was very angry at being kept weiing, and that a terrible scolding awaited the poor little page, who lay leeping there on peacefully, knowing nothing at all about it. !'unas the King's eye fellupon the lad's aneonscious face his mood seemed to change. "un nlI" muttered he, with the very ghost ol a smile flickering over his iron face. ''low famously the young dug sleeps 1 0only with I could have such a nag now and then. One can ece ihat he hasn't got to worry himself about governing five millions of men, or carrying cn war against five nations at once. Ha! what's this l" A cinmpled sheet cf coarse paper, which seemed to have dropped from Karl'e hand,wase lying on the floor beside him. The King picked it up, and these were the first words that caught his eye, written in the shaky, straggling hand of a very feeble old woman: ." I thank you much, my dear child, for the money that you have so kindly sent me, which li hno bn a great help. Take your old mother's bleasilg for it, and see that you always do your best to be a worthy and faith. ful servent to our master,-the King, whom God blces and preserve." As he read that simple message the ooldier.king's grim face softened as no one had over seen it rotten before. Perhaps t?e memory cf Itis own mother, dead years ago, rc.e up in his mind once more; perhaps he was touched by the old woman's prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this had been tile boy's last thought before he fell aseleep. " Were all my Iultj:cts like that," he mur mured; "I 1honld be the luckiest King in Europe. And so ha has been saving money from his wag:e (and poor enrugih wages they are, I am sore.) to send to his mother I Well done, my boy; thou art a true l'rue. elan 1" At that moment Karl moved elightly, as if about to awake. The King noticed it. and a new idea an peered to strike him, which must have been a droll one from the momentary twinkle that lighted up his stern eyes. " Yes, that will bh the best way," said he to himself, "and a fine surprise it will be to him." Stepping back into the room whence he had issned (which certainly had very lithlo "royalluxury" about it, for it was almost as bare as a cattle- shed, with no furniture save a battered deal table and a broken chair). Frederick hunted in the table drawer till he rummaged out a well-worn writing case, from one ef the packets of which he took three gold coire. These he slipped into the page's pecket along with the letter, tci:ing great care not to awake him in doing so. Then he rang his bell violently and called out: "Karl, come here I" The sharp, stern voice effectually roused our hero, who started up at once, and drew back in dismay as he saw Frederick's keen eyes lixed upon him. " Pardon, your majesty, pardon I" Ecam. mered he. " was-" '" Never mind about that just now," inter rupted the Ki:ng. "Come in here and get your orders." ABs Xsrl eprang eagerly loward to obey, the money, which had bean put loeely into his pocket, rolled out again, and fell ringing and chinking upon the floor. "Hello, young man " cried Frederick, " you ought to be a good deal rioher than I am if you can afford to fing your money abouat like that." "Oh, sire1" cried the boy, imploringly, " I don't kinow anything about this money, I don't indeed l Somebody must have meant to ruin me by putting it into my pocket, and then saying that I had stolen it." " No," said the King, irnvcly, "that money is God's gift to you, to help you in assisting yrour mother. Write and tell her that I know all about her, and that I'1l take care of her, and yenou, too." And Kiog Frederick kept his word. 