SIR CHARLES RUSSELL ON Mr- I BALFOUR. Sir Charles Russell, Q.C., M.P., speaking at tlio Ipswich Reform Club on Monday, said I10 had mucii too high ari opinion of tho intelligence of Mr. Balfour for an instant to believe that he was satisfied with his position in Ireland. There was no man so abso lutely isolated from popular touch in Ireland than Mr. Balfour himself. There was no man who had less clianco of filling a representative position in Ireland, If to-morrow he were to appeal to the people of Ireland for their votes, the people of the north-east of Ulster might dispense with Mr. Bal four's taking tho oath as an Orangeman, and offer him some represensative position, but outside of that particular corner of Ireland there was no place in which Mr. Balfour, in asking for the support of the people, had a ?ghost of a chance of success (cheers.) He did not think that Mr. Balfour did himself much credit when he, in one or two bitterly concentrated sentences of abuse, poured forth the vials of his wrath upon the head of their revered leader, Mr. Gladstone (cheers.) Ho did not think, -that, Mr. Balfour did himself credit wlien- he'- spoke of Mr. Gladstone as a man ready , to, sacrifice the Con stitution for ' ^ a 'brief and temporary electoral triumph. Mr. Gladstone miglit be, and is, the best abused man in the country. Ay, but he was also the moBt revered man, and his fifty years of dovotion to the public service would be remembered when the puby, the peddling, the pedantic, the priggish efforts of the Government of Mr. Bal-. four wereforgotten (laughter and cheers.) Mr. Balfour made one point against Mr. Gladstone, and that was that in former years Mr. Gladstone and the Govern ment of which he was the head had been parties to, and thereforo responsible for, a coercive policy in relation to Ireland. That kind of argument, however/ was, after all, but an indifferent kind of argument. The iu quoque had never held a high place in logical considera tions. But there was something to be said for Mr. Gladstone on this point. Up to 1 885-86 Ireland had nover a .chance of speaking as a wholly enfran chised people, but after the return of the representatives which then took place tho conditions of the problem were wholly ohanged. Whatever Piimrose dames might say or think Liberal states men must be guided by representative opinion, and to disregard tho remarkable unanimity of opinion expressed by tho Irish people at the timo referred to was impossible in Liberal statesmanship. Why, if it were to be disregarded it would be a thousand times better for Ireland to be ruled as a Crown colony without a representative/ Government at all. Again, Mr. Gladstone avowedly and expressly resorted ,to that policy merely as a temporary/expedient, but now our Conservative Government adopted it as a permanent rule for the Government of Ireland, They had a proof of that in the speech of Lord Londonderry, who, addressing a meeting of Englishmen in the North of England the other day, declared that in his judg ment it would/ be necessary to . have coercive power perpetually for the good government of Ireland. Mr. Balfour hid road a statement made by Mr. (rladstono, and then he made an extraordinary admission in re gard to it. Ifr. Gladstone's statement was. that eveiy Englishman might deal with whom™ he- 'p'feased ) ' might land or refu'se to take land from whom' lie pleased j might sell goods to you in his shop pv request you to leave it; Upon that Mr. Balfour had said — ' I admit that theso aro not tlio rights of Irishme/i.' In the face of that con fession (said Sir Charles) what became of tho statements constantly made by Liberal-Unionists and their friends, that they would bo 110 party to any thing but equal laws for Ireland and England 1 It was said that these powers wero takon away from Ireland for tho good of the country. The ob ject was to prevent crimes and protect (he rights of property, but he (Sir rUfc. . i ' Sr..i I ? . ?. . Charles Russell) declared that thif/main purpose and application of the Coercion Act had been directed, not gainst crime as commonly understoo. , but against combination which ii this country would bo perfectly legoA The mistake which Mr. Balfour madeJVas in acting as if isolated acts of violer^e and intimidation justified the application to ? the whole of a country of a law which struck at tho very root and principle of combination Mr. Balfour had com plained of his having said that a man had been sent to prison in Ireland for cheering the Plan of Campaign. He (Sir Charles Russell) repeated it (chcers). Substantially, Mr. Conybeare was sent to prison for cheering the Plan of Campaign, though it was of .! course, called by another name. The ' state of things in Ireland could -not last. It must not last. It was self condemned. The Liberal party had addressed themselves to the great task of altering that state of things, and they would do so by putting a responsi bility on tho leaders of the people — a responsibility which was to-day un accompanied by power. (Cheers.) The Liberal party would put the re sponsibility and the power upon the samo shoulders and in the same handB. They ; would commit to , the Irish people, in generosity and in confidence, that which ought to be given to every people — the right to deal, in an assembly of Irishmen, with matters concerning thom alone upon Irish soil. (Loud cheors.) — United IuBland, November 23\. ^ ? ? 