CHECKMATED." BY CAPTAIN JI'EWBAHGB. Weekly Budget.) The world-wide gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West-end crabs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with' my uncle-the only living relative I had, excepting a half-cousin-from whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly allowance, and, as the phrase goes, had " great expectations." v " But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I had fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the young lady in questionably to her parents. Now, however, to add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively without means, I fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the " cold shoulder " from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to m7 two clubs and keep up the aforemen- tioned rather expensive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year-the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve months' income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief course of income had been derived, was country squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief between us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in holy repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I released the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half-cousin, was a young fellow about a year or two my man for but somehow, although so near of age, as well as being relatives sod frequently meeting, we had never taken kindly to each other And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and determined that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last effort to set matters I right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling-of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting which was utterly false; for whatever my failings, the curse of Sarah, ling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travelling bag and a rug. The little market town where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfasting at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving my encumbrances in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered people, his passion was soon over; and yet, when disposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates had proved on many occasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival was an. noticed by one of the old servants-a A strange experience to me than to have to send in my name-that " the squire " would come to me in the library at once. Whatever feeling of hope might have been in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered His handsome and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as they met mine which I had never seen before. "Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer," he said, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door behind him, " that you have the effrontery to come to this house P-you, who have dis- graced the name you bear disgraced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his country-and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me?" "I fail to understand you, sir," I re* joined utterly astonished at his words. " If you are alluding to the accusation I you made against me as to gambling, 11 repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try--" "Pshaw!" he interrupted. "Honest men have gambled; and in time I might have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had passed. But you you, a Mortimer-to stop the forgery." "It is false, I cried false as the other charge. And whoever has poison- ed your mind against me, lies in his teeth I" "Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire ; " for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And, as he spoke my uncle took from the breast of his shooting jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smaller piece of paper. Examine that, sir," he added, "and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny your own signature ?" '. I could scarcely credit my own eye- sight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uncle. "Well, sir," asked he impatiently, " what have you to say ?" "That I have never seen this document before to-day, I answered. "What!" have thundered. "Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know as well as I do my own !"* "Ido deny it!" I added, passionately. "The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might deceive even myself I but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life.", I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed ; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some confirmatory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added s s ." Will you please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are aware, in connection with that forged acceptance?" " Yes," he replied. " that is only fair, As I understand it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of Aur family I gave instructions that it should be taken up At the same time I desired that inquiries should be instituted and the person in whose hands it was A West-end moneylender asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and, farther, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsement to him, " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. "I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no transactions with him in fact, never spoke to him in my life." You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer ?" asked my uncle, after a pause. I do, sir," I added, "and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money-lender." "You will stay here until to-morrow," said my uncle, looking at his watch. " I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly." " If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, determinedly. "The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no delay." " But you have been travelling all night, I expect," added the squire, and L require some rest, surely?" The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a nasty luncheon I was driven in a dog cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug and k catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o'clock found me at the office of the money-lender who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, and would not be at business till the morrow. There was but one solitary clerk in the office, of a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, and, as it occurred to me, as I though I was not unknown to him and moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played at about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lenders' office I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the % season, and a brilliant morning, the Bow y was pretty full of equestrians, many of whom were known to me. I had been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the moment a carriage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my I affection gave me a little bow and a hair >f frightened smile but, to my disgust and anger the gentleman vouchsafed not the k slightest acknowledgement to my salute. d tion. Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of his daughter, my pre a, tension had not been ignored and that for the two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. ^ However, I was d only being taught the difference between of an heir presumptive to much wealth and a young man with two hundred pounds a year. The following day I was to have another it odd experience of life, but of a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of it the most unparalleled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. About the same hour as on the previous morning I once more called at the office of the money-lender, bill discounter, I or whatever he might style himself, and, 1, as though I were expected, was frame sl diately ushered into his private room, unannounced as to name. He was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, and received me with a very cool and, " When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald g Mortimer," I said, "you will guess the it object of my visit." h "There is no occasion to give me your if name," was the cool rejoinder, " for I have too much cause to remember it and you. d It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how s you have the assurance to show your face by here again after foisting upon me a forged bill." 'You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, "you know this is the first time that ever you spoke, to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you. "Go on, my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. " No," I added, " I have nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. ask me, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law You have forged or connived at the forgery of both my uncle's Sig J nature and mine, and you shall suffer for it.' The scoundrel laughed defiantly as a walked out of his room-a scoffing, mock 1 ing laugh that I could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of this in- famous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in !.- the hands of the police authorities and I actually went some distance towards Charing Cross with that intention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an told friend of mine before doing anything t farther. He was a man my senior by t only a year or two-for we had been school fellows-but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rely. On reaching his chambers in the Albany he received me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he said: " A rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and I question if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thing you could have done However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow. Dine with me to-night, go with me to the opera, and then you will have my decision before we part." " Agreed," I answered and having gone home to dress I joined my friend later on Over dinner he told me that he had already come to the conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the following morning. It was rather late when we got to Covent Garden Theatre, but we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On getting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full house, and we had to wait for a minute or two. 1 At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed against me-rudely, as it seemed-and I turned to see who was the aggressor. To my astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to same, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money-lender with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent looks were not, and without a thought of where I was- that ladies were almost touching me on the other side struck him Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and he went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came between us, my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what are you think- ing about ?" said my companion when he had got me into the cab. In the name of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that you should knock him down like that ?" "Done to me!" I answered, hotly. " It was the fellow we were speaking of to- day-the rascally money lender who forged, or at all events held the bill." " Oh, oh !" ejaculated my friend, laugh sing softly; "I understand it, all now. Nevertheless, you would have been a wiser b man if you had kept your hands off him." j of " I could not help it," I rejoined. He î pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as I did if you had been in my place." "Perhaps," was the admission, "but anyhow we must be before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking, the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to take us to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In the smoke-room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke-room pale and affrighted look on his face with the startling announcement that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card-room. Springing to our fast we hurried in a body to the adjoining apart- ment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible con- vulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apoplexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body, and the inquest had been held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged my name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he further stated, was to have the proceeds "for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at the Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favour and to my old position as to ex- expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 