THE SEVENTH AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA. THE RETURN MATCH. n?mm rair Knpmal Oorresnondent-l If the Seventh Australian Eleven had met the representatives of England again imme diately after the splendid struggle at Lord's it been one of the most interesting eyer con tested on the cricket field. After their plucky performance at Lord's, however, the colonials performed so indifferently once or twice that rather less interest was invested in the contest which was begun at Kennington Oval on Mon day, August 11. Moreover, circumstances which occurred during the week preceding the match concurred to lessen the interest of the English public in the match. Several of the leading English cricketers could not play. Yorkshire refused to let off Peel and TJlyett, and Middle sex took the same attitude with regard to Stoddart The two counties are playing each other, yet as neither can scarcely reach pre mier position, and though English critics expected to beat the colonials without the players mentioned, the action of the County Committees has been severely condemned. Then Briggs had not sufficiently recovered to play, and Attewell having strained his leg had to rest. The team as finally constituted con idsted of eight of the men who played at Lord's, with Martin, Sharpe, and Cran ston. The batting was certainly weakened, though Cranston, of Gloucester, has been one of the most successful rungetters in England this season, but the bowling was almost, if not quite, equal to that in the Lord's match, as Martin and Sharpe are at the present time two of the best bowlers in England. Still the eleven which represented the old country at the Oval was a powerful one all round. The Australians were represented by the same men who did duty three weeks ago. At Leyton on Saturday they played up in true Australian style, and rekindled a deal of latent interest in Monday's fixture, and if rain had not fallen nearly all Sunday there would probably have been over 20,000 people down to see the game on Monday. As it was there were quite 5,000 present when play was begun, while the presence of a genial sun brought quite 4,000 more spectators during the afternoon. The wicket at noon was very wet, and as it was likely to become worse as it dried the winning of the toss meant a great deaL This was Murdoch's good fortune, so amidst loud ap plause Lyons and Turner wended their way to the wickets followed by Grace and his ten comrades. Lohmann and Martin began the attack. The batsmen, of course, adopted fencing tactics, but Lyons had only made one when ne was missed by the wicketkeeper McGregor— and when the Sydney man had made a couple Sharpe, at mid-off, could not hold a hot catch. The South Australian, who was fresh and strong, after recent indisposition, made three mighty hits to the long field off Martin. Two reached the boundary, but the third did not go beyond Walter Read, who made a good catch. One wicket for 19. Turner continued to hit until he had made a dozen, and the total was 27 when Sharpe caught a high hit at cover. At the same total Barrett, after pottering about for a few overs, evidently ill at ease, snicked a ball and Lohmann made a piagnificent left hand catch at slip. Trott joined his captain and made 5,' including a fine cut to the fence off Martin, before Murdoch, who only made a brace, was beaten by the Kent bowler. Burn, who has shown much improved form lately, launched out directly he reached the crease and deliberately hit a ball from outside the off stump to the boundary at long-on. He followed this by prettily cutting Lohmann for a pair, but lost his wicket in trying to repeat the dose, and half the side were out for 39, the innings so far having lasted just an hour. Soon after Blackham's appearance a shower of rain drove the players to the Pavilion for five minutes, -nd on'resuming the famous wicket-keeper was bowled by a shooter— 6 for 4(5. Trott, who had beautifully cut Martin to the fence, reached double figures, and he achieved further distinction by glancing the same bowler for three and making the score 50. the appearance of which was the signal for applause. Ferris did not begin slogging as might have been expected of him, but started carefully, and it was not until his third over that a pretty leg-glance off the left hander gave him a triplet. A few singles pre ceded a grand drive bjr Trott to the chains— GO up. The burly Victorian next over-hit a loose one from the same bowler — Martin — to square leg for a quartet, and earned 3 for a lofty hit to square-leg. At C9 the first change in the attack was made, Sharpe replacing Martin, and in his second over the young Surreyits got Perris caught at slip. The adjournment was then made for luncheon. The total was 70, of which Trott was responsible for 29. Charlton accompanied him to the wickets after the interval. Sharpe bowled' splendidly, and after Charlton had made a single Trott had to take two unproductive overs before he got a ball through the slips for 3. Two good drives by Trott off Lohmann for 2 each and a pull by Charlton off Sharpe for 4 brought SO in sight. Again Martin came on, and after Trott bad planced him for 2 he was caught at the wickets. The crack Victorian played a magnificent innings on a wicket winch was in favour of the bowlers without giving the ghost of a chance. Three to Charlton and a couple of smart singles s-cnt the score past l!0, and then Gregory broke his duck by forward cutting Lohmann for 2. With the total unaltered Charlton was clean bowled in essaying his favourite pull stroke. Gregory was soon bowled, and the innings closed for 92 — a perfectly satis factory score under the circumstances. After the first two or three overs the English fielding was quite up to representa tive form. England made a disastrous start. Shrewsbury took an over all right from Turner, but W. Grace softly tipped the first ball he received from Ferris into slip's eager hands. Four maiden overs were bowled before the score was opened, and then tho account was begun with 4 byes, supplemented in Turner's next over by a sweet cut by Shrews bury for a quartet. Turner was bowling very fast, and 2 more byes brought up the first 10. At this stage Shrewsbury, who had never been comfortable, was splendidly caught at point. Walter Read came in and again the total was augmented by 3 byes. Read got his first single by running a short one to Gregory. This was the first run made off Ferris, from whom Gunn had been unable to score for half an hour. The Surrey crack did not lxist long, a beautiful ball beating him all the way. Cranston, a dashing left-hander, opened with a fine square cut for a triplet. Gunn then had a slice of luck, a fast ball, from Turner, which he snicked, flying past Blackham and Trumble to the chains. Runs eime very slowly for a tune, but at last Gunn made a good hit off 'The Terror,' for which 4 were run. Then Cranston drove the left-hander for a pair, and 40 was posted, while a little later the Westerner put a loose ball from the same bowler to square-leg for 4. Ferris was evidently not bowling well to the left-hander, and at 4f- Trumble took the ball from him. The first ball was driven by the left hander to the boundarv. and the half hundred was hoisted, jive more runs were scored, and everything seemed going in favour of England, but Cranston threw his 'wicket away by attempting a run for a hit to Gregory. Gunn would not respond, and before the Glou cester man could get back he was out. He had batted much better than any of his comrades. With Cranston out of the road Ferris bowled again. Gunn greeted Maurice Read by letting out a little, and he hit 2 good four?, one off each bowler, 70 up. Maurice Read also opened his shoulders and thrice lifted Turner to the long field for two each tune. This made the score 75, and here Charlton took the ball from Turner. Read hit the first ball for 2, and placed the fourth into the hands of Murdoch at extra-slip, but it was not held. The first ball of Ferris's next over shot and bowled Gunn. The long Kottsman played a useful innings, though the runs were not made in his best style, but runs made at all on such wickets are valueable. Barnes, the next man, was not comfortable, but he made 5 before he spooned a ball up to mid-on, 6 wickets for 90. Lohmann came in and got a single, but in the same over a sharp catch at mid-on disposed of Read. Lchmann got 2 for a leg glance, and sent the score past that of the Australians. The next ball he tried to hit to leg, but made a mis-hit and was easily caught at cover. The last two men offered very little resistance, and the innings closed for exactly 100, leaving the game in a very interesting state. Unluckily for the Australians they had to go to' the wickets for a quarter of an hour before' stum p3 were drawn. Murdoch sent in Barrett and Burn, two of his steadiest men, but the Mel bourne .doctor only made 4 in one hit before a clinking ball found its way to his wicket. Ferris was out Lb.w. for one, and stumps were drawn with 2 wickets down for 5. During the night a little rain fell, and when Bum and Lyons continued the innings on Tuesday morning the wicket was even more in favour of the bowlers than on the preceding day. Lohmann and Martin were again the bowlers. Lyons did not unduly force the going, but when anything came along at all pitched up Jack hit it hard. Burn opened cautiously, but very soon hit Lohmann for a quartet and backcut him for 3 in one over. The South Australian evinced a decided partiality for Martin, and some fine on-hits materially increased the score, which stood at 36 when the big hitter failed to get hold of a straight ball, and his useful innings came to a termination. Just before he got out he drove a ball back to Martin, but it was slammed so hard that the Kent bowler never looked like holding it. Murdoch, who followed, soon made it evident that he intended to hit, but he ia not a good hitter, it is not his game, and half a dozen was the sum total of his efforts. Burn was the next out, a good boll beating him. Though he has done nothing sensational yet the Tasraanian has done solid work, and has proved that he is a sound batsman, who dt^rved a much better ehow than the Selection Oommfttee'gave him in'May,' June,' and' July. ~ The failure of Turner and Blackham left the Australians in a bad position, the score for. 7 wickets being only 54. Trott and Charlton, who made a useful stand in the first innings, then became partners, and while they were together the complexion of the game was vitally altered. Trott was exceedingly careful, but he gets some power behind his strokes, and anything at allloose received more or less punishment. Charlton, on the other hand, had his whole energy concentrated on defend- j ing his wicket, and seldom got the ball away. He is a much better batsman than even his ! wannest Sydney admirers thought. At 73 Lohmann gave way to his club companion, Sharpe, and the effect of the change was to steady the rate of runRetting for a while. At last Charlton enlivened the proceedings by getting a threer off either bowler, bringing 90 in sight The score was unaltered when Trott was easily caught at cover. His batting in the second, as well as the first innings was the finest on either side. Trumble joined Charlton, and two byes made the total the same as that of the first innings. The first ball of Sharpe's next over beat the Sydney man all the way. Little Sid Gregory, who has been very unwell lately, filled the vacancy, and made 4 by a pretty leg glance off the Surrey bowler. Trumble glanced Martin for 2, and following this with a big hit to the on, which gave 4—all run — the century was hoisted amidst loud applause from the 7,000 specta tors. Martin had his revenge in his next over, for a yorker got rid of Trumble. The total was 102, so that the representatives of Fog Island were left with 95 to win. The English men fielded welL The feature of their efforts in the field was the bowling of Martin, whose debut on an England side was remarkable, as in two innings he credited himself with 12 j wigkets at an average of only a little over 8 each. There is little doubt that he is tho best English lef thand bowler, and that means that his only lef thand superior is Ferris, who is on all sides admitted to be the crack. With ten minutes to bat before luncheon Grace and Shrewsbury faced Turner and Trott Grace smacked the first he re ceived from Turner's hand into Trott's hands, but the usually brilliant point couldn't hold it, and W. G., who had never been nearer getting a pair in a first-class match, was saved, for he drove the next ball for 3. By luncheon time the total was 9, Grace 6 and Shrewsbury 3. After the interval Charlton bowled a maiden over, eo that Turner and Ferris might change ends. Shrewsbury moved the score by hitting a loose leg ball from Ferris for 4, and then a beautifully placed cut by W. G. off Turner produced 3, a fine drive a little later going to the boundary. Thus, and with a few minor hits, the total reached 24, at which stage the old man got out in exactly the same way as in the first innings. Shrewsbury only made a single after Grace left and then made a mis take with a ball which came straight on and found the legs between it and the stumps, which means 'out' Read, the 'amateur- professional,' started with a single, and then Gunn was nearly caught and bowled by Ferris. The ball, however, fell short by a couple of inches. Then in successive overs the bats men were let off, Trumble at slip missing Gunn off Turner, while Lyons at third man could not hold a chance which Read gave off Ferris. Neither was an easy chance. Each batsman had made a solitary single. Trumble's mistake made very little difference. Gunn could not settle down, and, missing every ball of one of Ferris's overs, was brilliantly stumped off the last ball of the over— 3 for 28. Cranston joined Read and two of the most successful batsmen of the season on slow wickets were together. They did not help each other for long. Read hit Ferris to square leg for 3, but a beautiful ball in Turners next over just lifted the off bail, 4 for 32. Cranston launched out to Ferris as soon as he got a show and drove a ball well down the ground and added 3 to the score. The left-hander's next stroke was a lucky one, yet it gave a triplet after the ball flew past Blackham and Trumble. Maurice Read received a bad ball from Ferris to give him a start and he promptly hit it to the leg boundary, and drove the next for 4. Several maiden overs preceded the hoisting of the half -century, which was brought about by Cranston making a fine straight jbit off Ferns to the chains. Some good hitting carried the score to 05. Maurice Read was forcing the pace, and in doing so he hit one from Turner's hand to Murdoch at mid-on, but a loud yell from the crowd indicated that the burly skipper had not held it The profes sional in his next seven balls made as many runs, the last ball being hit splendidly to square- leg to the crowd. The score had risen to 74, and only 21 runs were wanted. At last Murdoch resorted to a change in the attack, Charlton replacing Ferris. His second ball Read luckily snicked over slip's head and the ball travelled all the way to the fence. The score reached_ 83, and both batsmen were so well set that neither looked like getting out. But with the total unaltered both fell in successive overs. Read hit a ball to the long field, where on the second attempt Barrett made a good catch, and the left-hander spooned a ball up to slip. The pair had made the stand which eventually won the match, by determined batting, though when they were both out it was by no means certain that the Australians would lose. The wicket was in favour of the bowlers, and if only Lohmann could be got rid of cheaply the game might be snatchec1 out of the fire. The dashing young Surrey bowler only hit a twoor before he skied a ball which Blackham caught, and Barnes having made a single the board read 7 for Jr'G. The veteran batsman was joined by McGregor. Both were anxious, but neither shirked. McGregor got a ball to mid-on for 2, and then Barnes practically settled the match by dnving Ferris past cover-point to the boundary. The score was now 93, and only 2 runs were needed to win. But Barnes got out, and with only Sharpe and Martin to bat the Australians did not give up hope. Turner bowled erandly to McGregor, and so did Fenis to Sharpe, but though neither bats men could get the ball away, the ball would not hit the wicket. At last, after half a dozen overs, Sharpe cut a ball straight to Barrett at cover. McGregor raced down the pitch, Sbarpe_ responded, and when they met between the wickets Barrett had his arm raised to throw the balL Either should have been run out by three or four yards, but Ban-ett took the hardest throw — to the bowler — the ball flew over Ferris's head, and the run was not only'scored but an overthrow gave the extra one required to give England the victory. A scene of the wildest excitement followed, and it was not until nearly all the players had shown themselves that the crowd dispersed. Nothing but the bad fielding of the Australians gave the Britishers the victory. The winners worked hard, but they should never have won after once the Australians had the grip of them. The colonials will never have a better chance to win a test match. Scores : — Australia. First Innings. J. J. Lyons (S.A.), c. W. Read, b. Martin ? 13 C. T. B. Turner (N.S.W.X a Sharpe, b. Lohiaann 12 W. L. Murdoch (N.S.W.) (captain), b. Martin ... 2 J. E. Barrett (V.), c. Lohmann, b. Martin ... 0 G. H. S. Trott (V.), c. McGregor, b. Martin ... 39 K. E. Bum (T.), c McGregor, b. Lohmann ... 7 J. Aicu. .ttlac£nam(V.jt t-. Martin ... „ ... 1 J. J. Ferris (N.S.W.), c. Lohmann, b. Sharpe .„ 6 y. C. Charlton (N.S.W.), b. Martin-. „ ... 10 S. E. Gregory (N.S.W.), b. Lohmann „ „ 2 H. Trumble (V.), not oat ? „ ... 0 Total ? ... ... 92 Second Innings. Lyons, b. Martin ? „ „. 21 Turner, b. Martin ? _ _ 0 Murdoch, b. Lohmann „ ? „ 6 Barrett, b. Martin ? „ ... 4 Trott, c. Cranston, b. Martin ... _ _ 25 Burn, b. Martin ? ? _ _ 16 Blackham, b. Lohmann ... ... _ _ 1 Ferris, Lb.w., b. Lohmann „. „. _ — 1 Charlton, b. Sharpe ? „ ... 11 Gregory, not out „. ? „ 4 Trumble, b. Martin ? „. ? ..„ 6 Sundries ? _ _.. 8 Total „. „. „._._„ 102 Englaxd. First Innings. W. G. Grace (Gloucestershire), captain, c Trumble, b. Ferris ? _ 0 A. Shrewsbury (Notts), c. Trott, b. Turner ? 4 W. Gunn (Notts), b. Ferris ? „ ... 32 W. W. Read (Surrey), b. Turner ... „. „. 1 J. Cranston (Gloucestershire), run out ? 16 M. Bead (Surrey), c. Murdoch, b. Charlton „ 19 W. Barnes (Notts), c. Murdoch, b. Charlton ... 5 G. A. Lohmann (Surrey), c Gregory, b. Ferris... 3 G. McGregor (Cambridge University), c Turner, b. Ferris ? l J. W. Sharpe (Surrey), not out ... ... ... 5 F. Martin (Kent), c. Tomer, b. Charlton... ... 1 Sundries ... „ ? „ 13 Total ? „. 100 Second Innings. Grace, c. Trnmble, b. Ferris ? _ 16 Shrewsbury, Lb.w., b. Ferris ... ? „ fl Gunn, st. Blackham, b. Ferris _. ... _. 1 W.W. Read, b. Turner ? _ 6 Cranston, c Trumble, b. Turner „. „. ._ 15 Read (M.), c. Barrett, b. Turner ... ? 35 Barnes, Lb.w., b. Ferris ... „. „. ? 5 Lohmann, c Blackham, b. Ferri3 ? _. 2 McGregor, not out ? 2 Sharpe, not ont ? 2 Sundries ... ? ? 2 Total (for 8 wickets) ... ? 95 Bowling Analysis.— Australia— First Innings — Martin, 135b. Sin. SOr. 6w.; Lohmann, 162b. 19m. 34r. 3w.; Sharpe, 30b. 3m. St. lw. Second Innings —Lohmann, 105 b. Sm. 32r. 3w.; Martin, 152b. 12m. 52r. 6w.; Sharpe, 45b. 5m. lOr. lw. England— First Innings— Turner, 110b. 12m. 37r. 2w.; Ferris, 125b. 14m. 25r. 4w.; Trumble, 10b. 7r.; Charlton, 30b. 18r. 3w.; Ferris bowled a no-balL Second Inning3 —Turner, 125b. 9m. 3Sr. 3w.; Ferris. 115b. 8m. 49r. 6w.; Charlton, 15b. 1m. 6r.; Ferris delivered 1 no balL 