Our Melbourne tetter. CPflOM OtTB OWN COKBKSPONEENT.) '? Maboh 25. Tasmania and Launceston have been very much in evidence before the criminal court this last week* and in connection with a rather notorious individual. It has been supposed thaf the days of Fleet wed dings ..and Gretna -Green. -marriages- had passedrbut so far as Marvellous Melbourne is concerned this ranks as a very decided popular delusion. With us Fitzroy is the Innnlitv BnBniallv ftffflfitfid bv thOS8 Who ' marry in haste and repent at leisure,' and the drunken Fleet parson or Gretnd Green blacksmith find their representative in a local auctioneer, Nathaniel Kinsman, a self-styled 'reverend,' who has been making a pile out of a process which can best be described as marriage made easy. Two people have only to appear before him, say they wish to be married, and with the very scantiest preliminaries they aro mar ried, before they have time to say 's'cat I' even supposing they wished to express themselves iu this unceremonious manner. As a by no means surprising consequence scarce a month passes but this marriage manager's name crops up before the police courts in some case of desertion, assault, bigamy or other illegality to which his free and easy style of procedure has been con ducive. But a little while ago it was proved before the criminal court, in the ense of an elderly man charged with bigamy, that he was quite drunk when a woman of ill-repute took him to this fetter forger and with his assistance married him off-hand, without auy reference or regard to tbe respKCfcable wife of the druuken bigamiat already in existence ; and this is only typical of the general style: in which he has conducted a da cidod,ly extensive matrimonial establish ment. The mutter which has brought him into especial prominence just, now was the marrying of a youth named Furness, aged 23, to a child named Jessie Thompson, aged nearly 16, though she cer tainly did not look, as she appeared ? iii Court, more than 13. When they nrst.pre sented themselves as candidates for wed lock the clerical auctioneer saw the neces sity to protect himself, and therefore re quired that the child should produce her mother's consent, her father being dead. There was a short adjournment to an ad joining hotel, where the necessary consent was duly fabricated, dated ' Launceston,' and avouched by the forged signature of the mother, and on presenting this three or four hours later, the twain were pronounced one flesh with the usual, but in this case most impious, formula of — ' Whom1 God hath joined let no man put asunder.' After the ceremony the girl returned home, and when a few days later the matter came to the mother's knowledge, she concluded that the injunction as above did not apply to 'no woman,' and she straight-, way caused the arrest of the hus band for marrying a minor. It was this which brought the right reverend Knock-me-down before the court, where he was required tq. explain his acceptance of the consent, ana how he supposed it could be obtained from Launcaston in so expedi tious a manner. But the man's ignorance and effrontery were equal to the .occasion. He did not know where LaunceBton was,; believed it was somewhere over the water close at hand ; it was in Victoria, but it was further than Geelong or the Heads; had lflnrfl nf TftQtnnnia. hiif. HiH nnf. Trnnw ttrTi«r« it was as he had never been there ; didn't know where America was but knew where Scotland was, although he had never been there; and much more to a like effect, which drew down upon him the withering censure of the bench —that is, would have withered anyone but the pachydermatous animal against whom it was levelled. Still even he could understand the declaration of the judge that he was a greater criminal than the man in the dock, who, though found guilty was discharged on his own recognisances, to come up for sentence when called upon. A second case, in which the accused was charged with bigamy (the bigamous mar riage having been celebrated by the same Mr Kinsman), fully explained why the gen ? tleman was so sure that Launceston was in Victoria. The prosecution tendered as evidence of the first and true marriage of the prisoner, Andrew Cunningham, a Tas manian certificate, the validity of which was challenged on the ground that it was. not admissible as proof in Victoria. The contention is that there is no Act making the foreign cerificate a document which the Court must recognise, and the doubt has caused the reservation of the point for the consideration of the Full Court. i?n passant, let me say that if this is not making you appear to be very small pota toes and few in a hill, I hardly know how the feat is to be accomplished. Our very reverend clerics do not know more of Launceston than that it is somewhere iu Victoria across the water, and our Courts are doubtful if they can accept your certificates of marriage as evidence of the fact— and this from the city which your own sons have founded. If this does not exhibit the serpent tooth of base in gratitude then: the phrase has. lost its meaning. There was method, if but small regard for veracity, in the Kinsman ignor ance, because he doubtless knew that under the Act whose powers he has so flagrantly abused, the consent, to be valid, must be given in Victoria; hence his perfect con viction that Launceston had crossed the Straits and dumped itself somewhere with in our borders to suit his convenience and assure his safetjf. Nevertheless, his cun ning has failed him and it has been decided to prosecute him for his default just to teach him that ignorance of geography is but a poor defence against a breach of legality. But the .whole matter strongly shows the necessity for federal action . to secure the uniformity of our marriage laws, and prevent the possibility of such con fusion as the neglect to validate your cer tificates as evidence may produce. It would simply mean that all Tesmanian benedicts married within your borders have only to pay us a visit to become gay and eligible bachelors, and though . this might suit the ' benedictine' book, I doubt if it would quite meet the approval of your matronhood. Eeverting to the Eev.(?) Kinsman, the career of this worthy shows how in the race for riches impudence can give intelligence a distance and win, hands down, and how in developing a novel colonial industry an unprincipled blatherskite may find him-; sel on the royal road to fortune. Away in the fifties this lank-haired, leather-lunged, and brazen-cheeked pretender to divinity established himself in Moor-street, Fitzroy, as. an, auctioneer., .The week-days he dili-' gently; devoted to the. veracious practice of his profession, and the Sunday to cushion thumping and groaning in the spirit as a Church of England lay reader in a stone schoolroom on Collingwood flat; After this had continued for some years he fell out with his clerical superiors, arid1 conceived the happy, but slightly schismatic, idea of starting, a church 'and sect' of his own. This he did with most' encouraging success, and the Free Church of England prospered mightily until the sacerdotal auctioneer blossomed out into the''Kev.' head of the new denomination,, and spiritual pastor and master of its members. . As such he contrived to get himselfilrepistered and gazetted for the celebration1 of marriages, and then by reducing' tho, rate and making: his, house a sort 'of matrimonial Cave of Aduliam, he attracted, unto' him all those who wished to make things move expedir tiously, and at the same time avoid the. necessity for awkward questions. The rate charged was 30s, with a photograph of the eminent celebrant [thrown in, and as he ?claims to have performed over 7C00 marriages (far more than any orthodox clergyman in the colony) it will be seen that with no other stock-in-trade than his native impudence he has made over £10,000 out of 'this branch of his new trade alone. Unfortunately for him, though fortunately as I. think for the public generally, the rosy littler, game , is now about played but,, for: altar the recent exposure, the scathing censure of the Bench, and the general condemnation of the Press, it is pretty certain that steps will be taken to deprive him of the power to ' work further mischief for his own aggrandisement. Melbourne is all agog just, now to meet Henry George, who will deliver Mb first lecture in the Town Hall .to-night. There iB little prospect of his proselytising the. Victorians with his land nationalisation, 'single-tax, and free trade theories,; but everyone is anxious to see and hear one who has made for himself a name as an eloquent and earnest speaker, and a bold and original thinker. There is, however, a prospect that he is not to have it all his own way, as our one and only Fitz, the father of town clerks, has pre pared to do battle with St. George and his free trade aragon, and has issued a pamphlet, ' Essence of Fro&ress; and Poverty extracted from the Americau of Henry George and done into and dealt with iD plain English.' From what I have read and heard of him I will back George as a casuist and logician, but in the mere matter of noise Fifzgibbon will have an easy victory. Henry George has also issued p. challenge to any champion of protection to meet him in friendly debate, and the Trades' Hall Council has selected Mr Trenwith to do battle on its behalf. It will be a duel of Titan and Pigmy in which the latter willhave only a few well-worn phrases and his native impudence to rely upon. However, the supply of the latter is practically inexhaustible,1 so look to hear that the protective David, has made a ghost of the free trade Goliath. There is good news for the Gippslanders and the Victorians generally m the report of Mr Murray, thel Government Geologist, and Mr Cosmo Newberry,; analytic chemist, ns to the value of the. brown coal or lignite/ which so largely abounds in Gippsland; Condensed, they say, that burned in a proper grate, and at 3 to 2, it has many advantages over A.A. coal, and that if it can' be supplied at 16s per ton, it will be cheaper, and they recommend its consumption. This is heartening since the ? supply is enormous and so easy of access that when once the rails are laid it can be turned out for far less than the rate named, so that we are not in the important matter of fuel able to supply ourselves. The Daily Mail in which David Gaunson' and the Irish party took such interest is to die still- born. The encouragement re ceived haB not justified them in pro ceeding, and they have decided that they may just as:well save themselves the loss of their money. Mr Eeed, the editor of the Standard, is to vacate his position in the course of a few weeks, to accept a more advantageous one in an adjoining colony. The 'Vag.' has been appointed secretary to the Koyal Commission ap'-' pointed to enquire into the administration of our charitable institutions. 