OUR MYSTERIOUS VISITOR. WE thought we were at the end of our trouble for tile week when a knock came to the office door, aud in answer to our somewhat curt "Come in " a masculine apparition with a red nose entered. He was about to speak, when we pointed to a huge card bearing the inscription, " I'lease don t talk Horse." "1 watn't going to," he faid, meekly. "1 was going to ask you to lend me half-a-crown." " Ghost of Lazarus ! ' we exclaimed. "How do you think we should have half a crown when we have put all our money on—" " I'lease dou t talk horse," he said, demurely, pointing to tbc card. We laughed. This probably encouraged bin:, and he mummied, " Don't send me away without half-a-crown. You'll he sorry all the days of your life if you do-not that I beir malice, but you will, nevertheless, Borrow it from the cashier." How did he come to know about this mysterious financial operation which we thought was a dark and bottomless secret * He seemed to read what was in our minds, aud coming closer to us he whispend, " I'm a Mahatma from Thibet on the loose. This infcrination is not intended for publication, but merely as a guarantee of gord faith. ' " We can quite believe it," we replied, sardonically ; but what the deuce is a Mahatma 1" "A Sage--a Seer—a Boodhi—prophet what >,mt pleabP. I waft conveyed here on an astrX curreut by a leading Melbourne spiritualist, and"— here the apparition rocked with laughter— * he doesn't know how to send me back. I don't want to go, for that matter. X have tasted your Colonial Keer, and never wish to leave the country wheie it is produced. I have had some this morning, and want more. That's why I wish to borrow balf-a crown from you in return for making your fortune." We gave the red-nosed Mahatma the half-crown. It was worth that much to get bis breath out of the office. "Now," ho said, " I'll show you how to make your fortuue in one act." He took up a bott'c of ink, emptied a small quantity in his palm, and commenced to stare at the little black pool. After a few minutes his features began to work convulsively, and his eyes to roll in his head. " I see 'em, I see 'em," he cried ; they're rushing down the straight—they're past the post. Whoop 1 (omtne a pen !" We gave it aim he wrote something on a Blieet of paper, and then with a bow he banded it to us, remarking: " Your fortune's there," and vanished. This is what we ri ail on the puper : — •' For the Derby back— " For the Cup— " TITAN and CATLING. •• T ANT A LI.ON' and MKLOS. ' Now was he a real Mahatma or not? We shall 