ME. AND MBS. BOWSER. BX HBS. BOWSES. I suppose Hr. Bowser is just like nil other husbands in regard to money matters, and I hope no one will ^et the idea that I ant speaking in a complaining tone. It is the duty of A wife to put up with whatever queer tilings her husband's nature may develop, and no wife must wonder over a husband's inoo&sistenctee; and incomprehensible actions. A few weeks before we ware married he himself brought up the subject of money matters, and that to my great erubrrrassment. In a Eiidden burst of liberality lie said : " There is oue thing which shall never happen in my bouse. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. X know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them down to the last shilling, and even then 1 demand to knowhow that was expended. Soch husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man." I I Yes," I replied, not knowing what else to say. When we are married,*'' he continued, " half my income is yours. Why not? We are the same, or will be the same, as partners in business. Although I may canv the money about for mutual convenience and safety, you Vtave tlie same right to it as I have. When you want any. just go to the pocket-book and help yourself." We had been married several weekswhen I wanted a couple of dollars. I happened to think of it as Mr. Bowser lay asleep on the lonnge one evening, and I therefore took out his poefcetbook, removed a 2aoh bill, and replaced the test as I found it. As I did so he j limped up and yelled out: \-- Well, if that isu'tcheek then I don't know what the article is ! Married only six weeks, and you axe robbing your husbacd ." " You told me tohelp myself." "STever! I'd look pretty tellingyou to rob me, wouldn't I f" But yoa said half your income belonged to me, and that I never need afk for money." " Yon must be crazy. What on earth could you do with money f " Why, if you had 19doL or 20doL per week you'd run ns to ruin in three months. I don't want to ranch yon down as some wives are pinched, but don'tyon ever have the ondacity to put a hand on my wallet again. When you want change I'll give it to yon." Tr> the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked up almost cau-ed me to choke on a mouthful of potato." " A dollar!" he exclaimed. , . " Yes, you said I should ask you when I wanted any money." « Humph I Here is 49c., and I hope you will the money, and by way of reply I said : Mr. Bowser, we have been married eight fcs. Your inome, as you have informed me, is 40doL perweak." W-what's that to do with fins case?" A great deal, st, You have hud VSOdol. come in since we were married. How have you spent it ? Please get out your account hook." "Are you talking to me?" Certainly. I am the same as a business partn r. How has that money gone?" He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him, and he put ou his bit and walked i round the block to cool off. When he returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say: "Mrs. Bowser, there must be a head to every house." "Yes." " That head must see to money matters." "Yes." " I don't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband wlio will do that. "While my money is your money ,o a certain extent, it—it—" "It is not my money to another certain extent r" " Well, the proper way for you is to confer with me as to what you need." " If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ?" " But that's different." " Oh ! it is! Very well—let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down: 1 strap for 1 petticoat. 2c.; -1 darning needle, lc.; (j agate buttons, i&c.; 1 corset lace—" "Stop! 1 * he interrupted. " As Isaidbefore, I don't 'want to pinch you down, but! hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a half, and you needn't Stow me any bill of items." We had not been married three months when! obsetved some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr. Bowser. He would count his money the last thing at night and the fust thing in the morniug. On two occasions I found his wallet in the hall-tree drawer when £ came dawn first. Again, it was under the lounge in the sittingroom. When I asked for an explanation of these queer proceedings he replied that it was to guard against burglars. One aigut, when he thought I was asleep, he got up and took his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare bed. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about 40doL This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got np, and presently I heard, him. dancing about and ehouting: "By the great hora spoon! bat we've been, robbed, Mrs. Bowser!" "Weli:^* " We had bcrgJare in &e; house last night!" I" "Yes, we had!" " How do you know f" » . . • " Becanse my money is gone !'* ^ " Where was it?" "It was He checked himself there and mumbled something! could not hear, hut when he came down he was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as lie said: " Mrs. Bowser, do you think the cook honest r" " Why, of course. How could ehfl come in our bedroom and take your wallet out of your coat V" " Strangest thing I ever saw. They took the J money, but left the wallet." At this moment be began searching his pockets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. Since then I have found his wallet in the waahrtand, in the bed, behind the bureau, under different chains, in the clothes hamper, sad bddndtbe dock. Ones he left his coat to have h button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and he had best gone an hour or more, when 1 looked out and e&whua; oomiaig «p the street on the keen jump, with evervbodv turning to look at him. I supposed the "house was on fire, and gtssw so weak that X had to fall Into k chair. He jumped againstthe fronf door with a great bang, fussed around to unlock it, and finally rushed in to yell oat: . " Where feiny ooat P" f " ts—istt® house afire?" tasked. Thunder, no ? Whets'* my coat " Why hanging on the faUl-fese." *' And vou've been into say wallet f' " So, 1 haven't. I Wee'tevtn touched the Be gave an awfot grunt of di&gjit; a» jbte fbund tfae wallet nfe* anS,^ iStewaftS ascertained, It contained feradBy Jd^Landno 