. JOHN SOLWAY'S SECRET. (From Caasell's Saturday Journal.) chapter i. ,. ? JOHN 80LTPAY C0ME9 10 TOWN. It is strange to ine to find myself telling this story. Even now I can hardly realise how it,' was that my tranquil, un dramatic fortunes came to be connected with a chapter of events which,, for per plexity and unexampled strangeness, 1 have never known surpassed. Five slow years have moved over my head since then, and the recollection of those days has left me happier than at one time I ever thought I could be. But though neither my wife nor I can ever forget them utterly, and though the shadow they cast behind them seemed onoe so dreary and illimitable that I feared we never, might climb again up out of tbat sombre cloudland, - yet I think tbat the darkness has melted at last, and left us standing, hand-in-hand together, here hap pily on the sunlit hills. ?' ] One day, in the late autumn time, some where about five years . ago, I was sitting in myrooms in Wigmore- street, making tip my mind to go out. It waa a dreary even ing. ., Bight over the city a black fog hung with outspread pinions, like some unsightly vampire poised between . the earth and hollow heaven. Already the sun, which had slept all day a lustre less .red globe (above the hoasetops, had buried itself in the dusk ; and under neath the lamps were beginning to flicker in'the streets, lite unsphered stars in the universal gloom. On every, side, unsilenced by the twilight, the solemn. hum of life went up. From the four corners of the sky the night came rolling in upon the falter-, ing. footsteps of the afternoon. So I sat and hesitated about going out.. Five I years /ago I,, was a young man, rather;- good-looking, with, an unambitious professipn-, which J. .need not specify,' and with, sufficient ; income to justify me in looking for a wife. My father, had been dead-some yearB.' My mother was living at Glen Craigie, a Scottish inheritance of mine.. So J. was condemned to solitary bachelordom in London. On this particular autumn day I had a duty to perform. I had promised my friend, John Solway, to go and see him, and to congratulate him on his coining of age. John Solway had only just come to London. He was a neighbour of ours in Scotland. He and I had been thrown a good deal together, and being more or less of : the same age we bad struck up a close acquaintanceship. Of course Solway was likely to be a far richer man than I. Sol way Castle is a . fine old place and a noble property, and the Sol ways had followed their forefathers there, one after another, for many and many generations. If truth be told, the good folk all round Sol way bad been' looking forward with no little in terest to the coming of age of the heir for the Castle had been shut up for years John, bad been born abroad a short time before bis father'b death, and there bad been along struggle over his inheritaace — a tough lawsuit, I fancy — before he had succeeded to the Solway lands. Anyhow, tliere' always seemed to be a mystery about him'. He had, it appeared, no rela tions on his father's Bide, save the cousins who had contested his .inheritance. As for his' mother's' people, . no' one ever, spoke of them,'ap;d nobody .knew .exactly' who' the.' boy's' 'guardians' were V' and' so the country-side had been looking for-, ward to the young ' laird's : coming of age, with a hope ' that the mystery' that surT rounded John 'Solway would then be solved at last:1' ?? ? -?'?-?? :; ?:-?',? ?????? :;''7 - '?- ' ' But, to the surprise and indignation of all these good folk,' wh'en;the time forthe celebration drew near, Mr Solway an - nouncedhis.intentioii'iof going to London. The neighbourhood was; disappointed and annoyed ; nobody could understand the reason of so sudden a determination, and I myself' was considerably puzzled when Solway wroto and told mo tbat he was obliged to transact some important busi ness on the day he came of ngc.and that his guardians bad insisted on his coming to town for the purpose. I fancied that he was himself p,uzzled by his guardians' action, and that it was not of his own wish tbat he bad to come to town. For myself, I confess, I was com pletely mystified. So it was with some curiosity that I set out to see John Solway that afternoon. Sol way was staying- in Manchester Square, in tho house where his family had dwelt for generations, but which had been untenanted for yearB of late. I told the servant when I got there that Mr Solway was expecting me, and though I fancy he hesitated for a moment, he ultimately led me along a passage and up a few steps into a big, dim room. I found myself standing in a library. Early as the hour was still, the night hung hea.vy outside. But there was no lamp to be seen ; only faint streaks of yellow firelight nickered, and flared, and fell upon the . walls, revealing at each flash high-ranging tiers of empty bookshelves,' and then suddenly and without warning dying, and burying the skeleton shelves in gloom again. There was little furniture in tho room — a table or two, some big chairs moulded in a bygone fashion, a desolate, awkward ottoman, and but little else. On overy side the room seemed grim and dark, and spoke of long left dust and untenanted solitariness. Tet one bright patch of light there was stretch ing from floor to ceiling, and shining where itB edgeB caught the .flatne — a Ion g, Btraight mirror fixed against the further wall. ? At first the room seemed to bo empty,, and I wondered why the servant had shown me in there.. But as I crossed towards the fireplace, and as my eyes grew accustomed to the dim twilight, I Baw, a man's figure Beated in a big arm-chair. It was John Solway, fast asleep. I was amused by the discovery, and rather pleased, I think, for it is always a pleasure to find one's friends indulging in any little weakness, and I went up to him and laid iny hand upon his shoulder. He started and woke ; but I saw to my astonishment that -he met my gaze with a look of horror, and uttered, before he recognised me, a short cry of alarm. ' Well, Solway,' I said, ' how are you ? Have you forgotten, that you asked me to come and see you to-day ?' ' Did I ?' he said. ' Did you ? ' Yes, of course you did. But I didn't need the invitation: And now tell me what has brought you up to town. I can't say you look as if you were in a condition to be congratulated.' ' I ! Oh, I'm quite well, thanks — and glad to see you, Temple.' 'Quite well, are you?' Then you mu3t forgive my saying that I never saw you look worse in my life.' ? Solway laughed a sort of nervous, un comfortable laugh, and looked at me rather anxiously. Then he 'sfcpmed to make an effort to control himself, and seated hirn with a smile. J 'Oh, . itB nothing, thanks,' he said, in consistently ; ''you see, I was travellingjall last night— they didn't want me to reach London till to-day — and' I've bad some business to do this morning1 which rather bothered me.' ? ''Will you be staying in London ?' I asked. Y ? He looked at me curiously for a moment, with the scared look .which, had never left his eyes, and I thought he shivered slightly as he answered me. 'I don't know — yes— perhaps I may. Perhaps I , shall' 'never, go back to Scot land.' .. 0\ i ~. , ' 'Why, Solway/' I cried, ' what in Heaven's name has i jCome over you ? ' ; 'Ah, don't ask ine, Forrester, please,' be answered eagerly. ' I can't tell you — not now, at least,' and as he spoke his ?' voice rang so strangely, and sounded Jso full of trouble ' aad sadness to me that I1 could only gaze at him silently in wonder, and then without further question take my. leave. ', But as I reached the door I turned to look back, and a sight met my gaze which sent an uncomfortable thrill through my, blood. John Solway was standing on the ? spot where I. had parted, from him, rooted to the floor.'' ' He seemed to have forgotten my presence. His whole figure had grown.' limp and lifeless. His face was blanched. His forehead, too, wa's knit as if he were struggling with, some invisible enemy, and his eyes were fixed, staring vacantly towards the opposite wall. And in his eyes there sat °,n expression of dazed reluctance and helplessness so pitiful that my heart smote me for leaving him thus, and for a moment I paused on the threshold and called to him in a low voice — ; ' Solway, Solway, what is the matter ? ' . Slowly be turned his eyes upon me, and the look of apathy deepened, though the swollen veins relaxed a little, and slowly he. answered mo with a strange, forced laugh — : ., ? . ' Oh, it's nothing, Temple. I felt a little faint. Send Banks here, please, as you go ? out.' ' . .. _ ..? ::...? I did' not like to. leave' him, but I had no choice. So I told the servant — an old: man with dark, hollow eyes, and a leering caBt of countenance, whom it struck me I ?bad never: seen, before that day — to go to his.master at once, and made my , way out of the house, feeling as if something un canny?had .taken hold of my wits.. ' - It was a relief to get out into the swarm ing, lamp-lit street, and : I ; walked - away rapidly— any where-rtrying in ,tbe chill air and the; gaslight to shake of the unplea sant sensation t which had stolen over my limbs. -What on ' earth' could haver hap pened to John Solway ,?, tit was barely two inonthB since 'I, had, seen him last. My mother, bad told me nothing of any ohange' in him. And yet two months before he had been a cheerful, sunny-hearted companion, whereas now I seemed to see in him only the shrunken ghost of bis old self. I walked on aimlessly, but presently a great blaza of yellow light shone into iny eyes, and my meditations were interrupted by an abrupt question. 1 found that I was standing on the pavement outsido Baker streot station. A shoeblack was offering to clean my boots. ' Certainly that call distinctly exercised a most important influence on my life. It brought me back to myself, and determined me to go and see some friends who were living closo by. They were at home, and received me kindly — an elderly, successful barristor, wonderfully viva cious and young-looking for all his threescore years, and threo daughters, no Ie88 hospitable and kindly than their sire. So I sat and talked and listened, and tried to put out of uiy tnind tho unwelcome thoughts that had harboured there. I don't remember uiuob of our conversation. Cer tainly it would not bo worth chronicling here. Only this I remember that, as I wa3 glancing at the clock, and slipping my right hand stealthily under ft chair in search of my bat, the door opened sud denly, and there entered a young lady, whom it would be useless for mo to endeavour to' paint. I don't know what the talisman was which she wore. It was net that sho was very beautiful — though in colour and shapeliness of feature I think her face surpasses most other faces that I know — but rather that her presence seemed to shed a brightness round her, which made the day sbino clearer to my eyes. One of my hostesses rose to meet her. 'Why, Mabel,' she ' said. ' what, has brought you here at this hour tocall ?' ' ' YeB,'said the now-cotner, her apologies racing with her greetings ; 'how do you do, Hilda dear ? It is dreadfully late, and I'm net' going tt- stay a moment. I only ran in on the way home, jufit to ask Annie something1. How aro you, Uncle Stanlov ?' and Bhe held out a hand to the old gentle man. ' Why, Mabel,' ho began, in grave, slow, humoro'UB tones — 'Mabel, this is not a night for young ladies of your delicate age, and with your various charms to be ? ' ' No, I know,' interrupted the new comer; and then, seeing me for th« first time — the room was dark except }. r the leaping firelight, and I was standing in the background — she stopped short, a little abashed, and turned to her cousin with a smile. Miss Stanley introduced us : ' Mr For rester Temple — my cousin, Miss Solway.' The familiar name struck me with sur prise. ' Tbat is a name I know very well in Scotland,' I said. ' Mr Solway, of Solway, is my nearest neighbour.' Miss Solway looked at me with evident interest*. S ; '? ' Ia that Mr John Solway,' she said, 'of Solway Castle ? It must be, I suppose, for I don't tbink there is any other Mr Solway in Scotland. Yes, he is my cousin. But'.' — in a voice of rigid solemnity — ' we never meet.' I felt snubbed. It was ntupid of me. Of course I remembered now that Solway had quarrelled, -with his father's rela tions. But I was relieved in a moment, for Miss Solway bad broken into a bright laugh. 'Never mind,' Mr Temple; I am not deeply offended. On the contrary, I am very glad to meet some one who knows John Solway. I want' to' know what he is like. Is he such a«eri/'bla'ck'Bheep. ' ' He is my most (intimate friend,' I answered, stiffly/ ''°V -?' ' But Miss Solway 3aw'i did not mean it. She looked - at me ruefully for a moment, bnt with so comical att expression that my fraudulent air of -injured dignity melted, I am sure, into -'irrepressible smiles. Then she turned to her cousin Annie, and our conversation came'vto an end. I slipped my bat back again' surreptitiously under the chair, and waited' at the Stanleys' till fshe had gone. But she only stayed a very few minutes, and as she went out, she offered me, in reparation I' think, her hand: ' ' I' shall be sure to tell the black sheep about his cousin,' I said. ?i 'Oh; Mr Temple,' reproachfully, 'you arer not such a very intimate friend, are you?' '?' ''Not at all,' I answered — on the other side of the truth this time. ; ' Whafi a Bhame, then !' she exclaimed. ' You don't know how uncomfortable you might have'made me, Mr Temple.' ! ? That is how I first met Mabel Solway. There and then I fell in love with her,rand in love I have remained ever since. CHAPTER II. THE SOIiWAT FAMILY AT HO1DI. For the next few days the Solway family and their affairs occupied my thoughts. The more I pondered over it, the more utterly bewildered did I grow by the inex plicable change which had come over John Solway. And whenever I thought of John, my thoughts would always go wandering off obliquely to the gracious face and shin ing presence which I had seen in the Stanleys' drawing-room by chance that afternoon. I soon went and called again at the house in Manchester Square. But I was refused admittance. Mr Solway, I1 was told, was out. .'? Was_ ho well ?'I asked.1 'Oh, yes, he was perfectly well.' ' When would he be at home, then f' I enquired. ' At what time was I most likely to :find him in '{' The man couldn't say. Mr Solway was very , busy just now. - He thought the mornini? would be the best time, but be really didn't know. ?? So a day or two later I called in the morning. But again Mr Solway was not at? home, and I retired, I Fear, with:my temper isoinewhat ruffled. : U IJ did not like '-'John.' Solway 's man servant. He wfia an old man and an ugly one, with. evil eyes, which seemed to mo to glitter much (is a toad's eyes glitter in a foggy night. His voice was unctuous, and that added to my distrust. And he always seemed to regard my enquiries with super cilious contempt. I did not believe in John Solway's being always out. Once I wrote to him, but he sent uo answer; and aftor that I lost patience. To toll tho truth I was eagerly pursuing my acquaintance with Miss Solway. Mise Stanley, from sympathy with me — for she had guessed my secret — helped mo in a thousand ways and by a thousand marvol lous little devices, which she thought I should never observe. Privately, 1 believe she bad made up her mind ihut Mabel Solway and I were to fall in love with one another, and thouuh I soon discovered tho plot, I could not surely be so ungullant as to thwart it. Quietly ,and as if with au in ward smile of compassion for me, she wove her kindly web until sho had entangled both of us within it. In course of time I began to call upon the Solvvays. They lived very quiotly in a little house in tho west of London. Mrs Solway was a dear old lady, always bright and full of kindnese, whom, so'long aB I have known her, I have never found to fail in gontlc courtesy and sweetness . of demeanour — evon towards tho . tiresomest of bores. Thou there waB a (brother, a daik, young, art-loving fellow, ever apolo getic to me and nil the world in tbo desire to b* urbane, of whom I venture to write thns banteringly, only because I havo now learned bis vrorth. And another brother, too, I found ; nu elder one, who was geuial and pleasant to me when we mot, but who, in those early days of our acquaintance, was wrapped up in- his music-practising, and whom at fir3t I chiefly know :aB a. ruthless practiser of interminable, ruthless scales. . . ':? ? There were others of the family : indeed, the complexity and variations of my dear wife's pedigree are for ever ; a source of limitless wonder to me. All my wife's immediate ancestors had married twice or thrice «ntil tho involved cousinsbips defy detectien. During the rest of that month I called very frequently upon the Solways. I used to go regularly on Sunday afternoons, and during those November days I think it came to bo generally understood why it . was that I called so often ; nor was thero ever wanting a warm welcome for me in. I be house. And as I grew to know the Solways well, I learned their history, and so became involved in those strange circum stances, the shadow of which was already beginning to envelop us all. One day, I remember, I called in Cbar bourne.Terrace and found that.MisB'Solway was out. Her mother was at homo, how ever, and I went in to have a chat with her. As lit chanced, tho conversation turned iupon the pictures — old family pictures — which hung round tbo drawing room walls ; and finding me interested in them, Mrs Solway took me to look at them, and explained them one by one. I could not help trying to discover a resemblance to John Solway ;. but though through all of them there ran something of the same type, I could not light on anything, or detect any paiticular i.puint, which re minded me distinctively of John. Presently, as we were walking round, I heard, to my great delight, tho front door open, and the next moment Mabel Solway, bright and glowing, entered the room. I think she wa3 pleased to see me (though she will never allow it now), and at any rate she greeted me as graciously as I could hope. ' . ' ' I was showing Mr Temple the portrait ? gallery, dear,' said Mrs Solway. ' Oh, mother ! how could you ? Aren' t they wonderfully plain, Mr Temple ? It's so aggravating, for whenever our friends see thorn, they think themselves bound to discover a likeness between them and us. And such a comparison is never flattering to us. But perhaps you think it is ?' ' Yes, I rather admire them,' I said. ' Oh, but then you're interested in the family. Mother, did you know tbat Mr Temple wasthe most intimate friend of our cousin John ?' ' I had heard that Mr Temple knew Mr Solway,' said Mrs Solway, with gentle dignity. ' Yes, and I want you to tell us all about him, please,' suid Miss Solway. ' I am deeply interested, and I have always wished to ask you about him.' 'Then why haven't you done so before?' I said. . . ,.????'? ' Well/'abe answered; hesitating a little, 'I think one- must be careful; at least, I think one ought to know people pretty well before ono questions thorn, about their friends. And, besides, our connection with Mr Solway ie such a strange one. . But I suppose you don't know that, Mr Temple ? It isn't likely that you would ever have heard of the Solway case.' I had. never heard a full account of the matter, and to tell the truth, I was rather curious about it. I will not detail our con versation of that afternoon, for indeed the two ladies wero unwilling to tell me very much, for many reasons ; partly, I think, because they did not wish to seem to brings charges again3t my friend. But if I may, I will try to tell the story briefly here, as at last I learned it ; and a very strange story it was. The Solway property, a fine old place, lying in tbat vague, beautiful country which south of the Tweed w.e term generically the Highlands, bad passed from father to son within the. Solway family for, I know not how many generations. Now, I regret to say that the last. lord of Solway had been an unprincipled old gentleman, who at the age of sixty-five found himself childless and kinloss, save for a nephew, George Solway, who bad always been brought up as ,his' heir. This nepnavr. George wap the father of that young Tlady .who u th» v heroine, Bo.far as I have one, of this story, ?and who will ever be, I trust, the crown \- and comfort of my life. Well, so far all \- -went merrily. George Sol way was the ? acknowledged heir, and the old colonel ? -seemed to be drawing nigh to the end of a wasted and resultless life. But a few.yearB ? before the colonel'B death an event occurred which influenced not a little the fortunes of the personages of this tale. For some years since his wife's death, the old gentle man had tried to find in the affections of his late wife's maid a solace for the love that ho had lost; far away, in some: remote French town, a son had been born to this ill-asaorted pair; and as the child waxed, and as the old colonel grew older and feebler — overtaken, it may be, by illness, or. moved ? perhaps by a long-deferred remorse— the master of Solway made up his mind that when he quitted the world he would leave a wife and son to bear his name. - So a few \- brief months before- his death, in the 'far- away French city, the old colonel -wedded the mother of his son. The result may be foreseen. George Solway coming home to claim his rightful inheritance, found himself supplanted by a child of whose existence he had never heard. Then followed a long lawsuit. The question — a knotty one— turned on the point whether the case was to be tried by Scottish or English law. By English law \- George Solway succeeded to the property; of which he had been all his life the recog nised heir. By Scottish law the lady's ' maid's son, so lately acknowledged and ??' legalised, could claim the name oE Solway, and the birthright of a lawful son. It was a long struggle, and while the case ran on . the young boy's mother died; Hia guardians, .;. 'offered any compromise, but George Solway, '': '&' strong man and a juatone, with .aclear.if ? stubborn sense of his dutyand his rights, refused. Tfthe law were with him, he would / have aU -his; due. If the law lay upon the 'i~ - otlier teide,o he would notf touch by favour ' ?i what'was;n'6t justly his. ? ?'..' ?'?'????' So the' lawyers argued out the case, and my Jjords the Judges listened and hesitated, ' and pondered, and after six weeks' medita- tion, came at last to the conclusion that, ''' despitehis wanderings.theoldcolonelwasa b' Scotchman still, that the case was a case for Scottish law, and that John, and not George, ? wbb to have the Solway lands. .:?'? : .- ..(-; So far the law books carried me, and so '?-'? the' case stood. This had all passed fifteen ;; years yago, and now George Solway was ?''' dead,^ and ';John, the lord of Solway, had ?'? 'coine of age, and entered into possession of ?';-hiB own.- 'j- w-i.'. . - ?? : ?'.;: .? ???' -? . '..?? 'Naturally! 'you5 will understand, the rela tions bet ween my friend John Solway and ? his.cousins' were strained. ?.'' '''But ttie matter did not rest there. About ? -'';the' time when John Solway came of age in J- ''fbrmatibri'had1 reached Mrs Solway, in' a ?'-strange, roundabout way, and hadledtho t '? Solways to think seriously of re-opening the ? ;' case.1 ? -At' first; of course, I did not discover ' ' what'tHis information was, for the Solways;' ? '?- regarding m'e'as John Solway's friend, were '? ?? ever careful.tp avoid saying a word which '? -might wound 'my feelingforhim.GraduaUy,' 1 1 -;-? however, as I grew more and more intimate ?':'with^:'them alii and ''as» m spiteof my re ''? ? peated xefforts, : I ', was still ' rigorously ex ?? eluded from 'J John ': Solway's -house, ' we,. .began to -speak more freely on- the subject,' ?. Jand, I think/they began to trust me i'more. ?-?oriifj times'it came 'across me that my posi- '? ? , tioh as John Solway's friend might possibly J embarrass them,;and.pnce I;put the ques ':- tion-directly to Miss Soloway. 'i -: j ?-??,'? .;:;;.'- Ton mustn't' regard me as belonging' ? '-altogether^ to -the enemy's, camp,'1 I- said. ' You don't think that, do you ?' ; & \ , ? ;;3.i.'- ShjB laughed merrily, at my question, it \ 'Of course, 'Mr Temple)' she said; 'that ;f':is exactly how: I have: always thought jof i «'' you— as a. very dangerous spy, who may ?:' fairly-be deluded by , any .means in our ? ' : 'power.'-;-.;-1 ?? ?-?'?? ??'?': '?' :.??:' ? '. ? _| . ?.-?': : ..:?' Very'well, then,' I answered, feigning V:-' offence ; '-'in that case:Ishall be compelled to give- up John Solwayfs acquaintance.' .-' 'Mr ' 'JL'empleyi-how can you talk like ?-??? that? Why,i:I-tell- you I am anxious to be introduced./ And,' besides, if you drop one branch of j the family, I think it very pro bable that the other branch would .feel ' bound to resent ithe insult offered to their ? .-- cousin;'; ,':-''.i.!. ?' ? ?''?'??:;;?= .-..:':? 'And drop me, youmean?' ' | i'. ?'??? Miss Solway smiled; ? : . : ; - .-.?-?. J'Of course you would never thinklof \-- I'.-, giving up your friends on our account. Besides, it may not be Mr Solway's fault 'Rafter all... I. don't know., It is a- mys terious business. But you mustn't think 'so'illiOf.us as' tbi suppose that we should ' ? ' . everiet; you give up any friend of yours : merely because we thought of him dif. fsrently from you.' There the subject was left for the 1 'moment. But my curiosity, I am afraid, continued. Bvidentfy the mystery was gathering more closely round John Solway. Could it be that in this renewed, action of '-. the Solway family lay the explanation of John's sudden visit to London,, and the change which had indubitably come over him? While I was puzzling over thiB doubt of mine an incident occurred which , -redoubled my wonderment, and which has left its stamp on my recollection for ever. . (To be Continued.) 