A MIDNIGHT DRIVE. a HE SPECTRE IN THE CHURCHYARD. From my earliest boyhood I wai thought to ie gard all b lief in the supernatural as a crime ; but I was converted to the faith ia an inttmt and abandoned all the convictions of a lifetime. This was id the winter, of 1885. It was Christmas Eve. I set out from Cleveland early in the evening to drivd to my country home, twenty mi'es inland from the Lake. I bad a merry, iolly companion for three-quarters of the way, and when I had set him down at bis well lighted dwelling I huddled the warm bL igh robes about me as the horses jumped homeward — five miles ni)re,siy twenty rniautts' dtive. It was one of those perfect nights so common in that part of Ohio — cleir and crispy cold. A bright and full moon wandered acroes the sky amid the prickly stirs towards a great cloud bank on the. west that portended a storm of snow. How grandly my horses went! No sluggish blood coursed through their veins. 'Blood will tell !' and they were thoroughbreds. With wba*; confidence I drove them ! 'Tis the thick-brained dull-eyed hoise that kills himself in mad efforts to escape from fanc;ed insecurity. It is the nervous, full veined, high-strung animal that in the pre sence of actual danger makes hia master's safety his first thought— his nnster's destiny his own. Fatigue or drink may so bcaumb or muddle the hunun mind that a bush may assume a high wayman's chape, a friendly post may become a spectral skeleton, the moaning wind a ghostly wail, or the whistle of a railway train a cry of did tr-ss. All tti-i may happ n to a man — ne er to an animal. Bereft tf the re isoning faculties, the bor?e takps things for what they are, sees no objects th t are not matedil, bears no sounds that are not audible, and is startled by no epeutre unless tbe fppctre walks abroad. No guilty coDscunce causes him to see hia stable door swinging wil ly opeo, moved by gbest'y haods. No w ir3 tile, told by 1bo dim light of a black log fire, cht'l* the marrow in his bones or send/? him abad to hold converse with de parted stable e*. mpaniors. The problem of life, to him, is not fiHed with equations in which a s lution of the unknown depends so largely upon a kno^n or s'leppcted existence beyond the grave. 'Ihe horse is taught mentally and physically, rather than uiomlly and spiritually. Ha answers with ..his -best -ff r;s tbe words of kindness. He fears, h'/thing savi; that; which he tno»s fiom experience will inj'ire him, or the existence of which ho had never r:efor« known. A living, movin?, breathing ler^oa t) frighten'the well tr.iaed i o si nin-t be his pon)unced and recog nize 1 ere ny, at. d ? ? The t-aui tstoppe i short-. T/ embling in evei-y ' 'limbj the hois- 8 *e e nerving themselve-s to face som« danger bet'o;e w- ich;tl-vey much preferred to fl-e. They r-e^e'r had autfd so before. I spoke to them in-aieis3uririg t -ne. I urged them t- ' go op.' Tbey did nob hear me; or if they did, for the firBttime refused to. obey. Why was iL ? I lobbed About for ' the cause of this fe*r that had so effectually paralyzed my faithful horspp, acu3tomtd to obiy the mildest word of com mand. Nothing. To the right was the1 quant little country churchyard, so snug, so familiar to U8 all that its presence could strike no terror ti man or beast. it held ia sheltering care bo many - f our friends that every sod was halljwed and bploved. No fear of rnine had been im parted to them. My resting place amid those snow-mantled mounds was already known to me. BeaideB these horses were not dreamers. They were wanting in imagination. Twelve o'clock at a lonely graveyard was the same to them as the crowded town a1; noon Homeward bound to their warm stalls and well-filled man^erp, it would have . been no easy task for me to check them ; yet they had stopped without the word and refused to move when commanded. , ; R sing ia my seat, I peered 'ahead the road, but the pal-i moonl'gi t glit-ten^d on thp^now far away to the lir-iw ? f a distant hill. Nothing. ; ;But look-u*. i he hprses* heade ! They suddenly'; i-.urn to thp 1 ft. My ej 63 follow theiig andniy; heacfcoeRBes beating. U I The reins drop from my liF-nds. To have escap?d perdition I could not have spoken or fled. The figure of a young girl, clad in robes of flow ing whit-3, moved t lowly towards the centre of the road. It was about to crjss in front of the trem bling horses. I saw it myself ! Long black hair, falling ia unpvtn waves about the shoulders, was blown aboutby the keen, rude wind. The waxen hands were extended in fronsto their uttermost as a blind man would walk over unfamiliar ground, Certain as devth the figure was bound for the yawning gate of tbe churchyard — returning to its tomb I literally choked with flight. I could not turn my gaze from the tl)wly inoving spirit, posing with soundless footsteps over the untrodden mint e of snow that shone so glitteiingly bright under the pale moon's rays. I could e-nly wish fh-, a woman from another world, would turn and speak to me, and yet I felt that I should have di d had she uttered a single word. I longed t:- see her face, yet feared to behold the hollow cheeks and sunken eyes, eo sure to hi turned upon me. Oh ! that I could have a;-ked : ' Why to me above all others do you now appear ?' One word from me might; have arrested that mournful moan, thdt car.iul spectral tread that made the hereafter to me an exittence of the pre sent. Slowly the spectral figure passed through the gata and followed the familiar pathway up through the trees. Locking neither to the right nor to the left, she, that had been, moved steadily on with a careful, half-baiting step, moaning all the while like Eome poor creature in piteous mental agony. At length she paused, and throw ieg her hands aloft she Faak out of my sight as though returning to the grave she had eo lately lefb. Chilled with fear, I seized the reins, and apeak ing to my horses, was glid to Bee them start briskly for home. Heaven knows how fa3t I drove ! On my arrival, I hastily told the story of my adventure, but was laugbei at as all wellmeAn ing people who, being permitted to see ghost--, re late what they have seen. Confidences of that kind are meant to be kept. I went to my room in a huff, and the house was soon wrapped in sildtice. All fear was gone In fcob^r, secoud thought I accepted oculir proof, convinced that I had se n during my midnight drive a spirit from another world. Sleep was out of tr e question. Throwing on my dressing-gown and lighting a cigar, I seated my self at the window and looked out upon the enow clad lawn. I saw again, and yet again, that graceful woman in white, those out&tr..tched; arms, the loag black hair gently moving ia the wind, outlined against a snowy background, in the loneliness of all f p ;ts, a country church yard, at tbe most solemn hour of all houra, mid night. Ah, had I fallen asleep in the sleigh and dreamed the vis'on ! No ; the spectre must have walked, for my horses saw it first. In the brute creation instinct supplants reason; the impulse of self-protection often outweighs the supp-.s-'d better judgment of man. I recalled the many times I had drivea the same team in dangerous placeE. They had remained tractable when other horses would have-dasaed their driver to his death in their mad efforts to be free. I knew my reasoning must be wrong. Nothing ma' erial had cau-ed their awful terror. NothiDg earthly bad caused them to forget the sound of my voice. My fear had not caused theirs. They too had seen the spectre, and had seen it first. # * * * # * Suddenly I becani9 conscious of approaching voices, and raising my window saw two men hurrying onward, yet closely watching the gro and as if following tracks in the snow. Recognizing the voices, 1 halted the wanderers : ' Why out at such, an hour ? ' 'Mr. Ainsworth, our nearest neighbour re plied : 'We are seeking my Lium. She has e3capad from the home, and Gud knows where she's gone ! ' 'Twas she ! Oh holy confidence — for I also knew where she had been ! With a'l haste I j ined our shivering neigh bours and we ran every foot of tbe way to the cemetery, running for tbe life of a poor child As we hastened onward Mr Ainsworth explained bow, worn out with watching by the bedbide cf his sitk daughter, he had fa'len asleep, and on awakeniag had be 'n horrified to find her goce. Her mother had died tbe we k before. The delirious girl'a footprinfc* led in the direction of the churchyard, and we all inbtinctivi ly knew she had prone to her mother's grave. We w»re by the mercy of Heaven just in time, for there upon a lorn ly mound we found the poor girl almost fr ztin t) death We wrapped her up and ia a spirit of great thankfulne s carried her hom-j, and with tbe glow and warmth of tbe big Christmas fire she soon came roand again. An exciting experience altogether for me, but it turned out a happy accident after all, and ' all's well that enda well.' 