BOROUGH COUNCIL . Wednesday Night. Present — tho Mayor (Aid. Matthews) and Aid. Pinkstone, Southee, Scanlon, and O'Donnoll. Aid. McBeath personally ex cused himself from attendance. ? Minutes confirmed. 'WORKS REPORT. The works committee submitted the fol lowing report : — Ttin WupVc rinmmi-ftoo mof nn MnUfm Or,/l fWnV.™. Present— the Mayor and Aid. Southee and Miller. They have examined Sedgewick's contract for forming and gravelling part of Cooper-st. and lind the work satisfactorily completed. The committee have ex amined the portion of Thompson-st. referred to in Aid. Byrne's motion, passed at the meeting of the council held on the 25th September, ultimo, They cannot recommend that the work be carried out in accordance with Aid. Byrne's motion, inasmuch as the levels of the street would have to be raised in the middle of the roadway and water tables, so as to have the formation and gravelling uniform with the grade from Bourke-st. to 'Wallendoou-st, and this cannot be done by merely covering the present roadway with gravel th° full ?width. The committee recommend that the work stand over until the fall of the year, when the committee might recommend that this por'iou of Thomnson-st be reformed and gravelled. — W. H. Matthews, J lay or. ? The report was adopted on the motion, of Aid. SOUTHEE and SOANLON. FINANCE. The finance committee reported in favour of paying the following monthly claims ? £ s D A. Drinnan, labour ? ? ? 12 0 0 J. Maguive, labour ? 13 16 0 P. 1- itzpatrick, labour ? 7 16 0 W. Warren ? ? ? 7 16 0 Council clerk, salary ? ? ? S 0 0 Inspector of nuisances, salary ? 4 0 0 R. Guymer, salary ? ? ? ? ? 6 0 0 R. Legge, night watchman ? 10 0 R. Legge, attending to light ? ? ? ? 8 0 S. O'Brien, office cleaning ? 16 0 F. L. Chauncy, legal coits ? 6 6 0 S. Cohen, sundries ? 2 9 11 Thomas Ryan ? ? 19 16 6 M. Sedgewick, Cooper-st. contract ? ? ? 16 10 6 M. Sedgewick, advance on Sutton-st contract 9 0 0 C. McAlier, extra work on contract ? 19 10 uierK oi woms, commission ? o j.o o Postage and telegrams ? 17 9 T. Talbot, trench cutting ? 1 14 6 ' Total ? £123 2 S Report adopted on motion of Aid Southee and O'Donnell, after explana tions by the Mayor, as to extra maintenance and legal fees. correspondence. _ _ ' 1\. From a Sydney scenic artist soliciting business in designing and painting the scenes for the town hall stage. Acknow ledged and noted for reference when re quired. 2\. Turner and Henderson, as to ' Municipal Directory.' Tabled for further consideration. J. Application for entrances by T. and P1. MjBeath. Granted. j. Application for extension of time by contractor Glanville for completion of work in Chompson-st. for two months. Granted oncondition that the penalty be paid if not conpleted in that time, on motion of Aid. Sotthee and O'Donnell. 5 Lands Department, acknowledging letfer aB to gardens reserve and other maters referred for report. { POWELL'S SATE. Tie Mayoii movo'i that a fair and equit able amount be claimed from Mr. P. Po^ll for rates on his wife's property on icco.mt of the destruction of the builamgs 3y fire. He sai:l he had gone carefully into ihis Waiter, and found that they had power i under their by- laws to accept a proportion / of the rate due, and he said the amount to j be deducted would be about £1/2/, which I the owner could be credited with. I Aid. Soutiiee seconded the motion to J have it discussed, though for tho presont he I could hardly see how they could alter tho ! I rate. | Aid: O'Donnell' s suggestion was accepted I by the Mayor that the motion be postponed I to be dealt with by a fuller meeting. I SHOW- GROUND RATE. I Aid. Miller's motion on this question I lapsed on account of his absence (away at | Young on the law suit Kiley v. Badgery). | RETURN. j Aid. O'Donnell moved for a return j showing : — (1) The dates of the appointment I of the following officers of the council : — I Messrs. William M«rtm, A. Drinnan, and I R. Guymer. (2) The salaries and other / moneys paid to them yearly. (3) The J Mayor's opinion as to tho manner in which j their respective duties are discharged. (4) j The numoer oi nours cievocea oy eacn oi cue f above officers to his duties. His reason for j moving for this return was that the servants of the council were not ' immediately under the control of the council, and they did not know what they were doing, and he wishorl them to be informed thereon. There was no occasion to debate the mot;on. Seconded by Aid. Pinkstone, and carried. STREET DESIGNATION. Aid. O'Donnell moyed — ' Tha,t the works committee report upon the advisable ness of having the streets of the borough publicly designated, the method of doing so, and the probable cosb thereof.' He said he had beon asked to move in this matter, so that people might know the streets of the town. tn reply to Aid. Pinkstone he explained 'publicly designated' to mean that the names of the streets should be put in conspicuous places for public information. The motion lapsed for want of a seconder, and Aid. O'Donnell gave fresh notice of it. Aid. O'Donnell moved — - ' That the council resolve to apply to the Government for the subdivision into suitable building sites of the piece of crown lands situated between the wheat sheds and the railway line and Mr. Layfcon's new residence front ing Hovel-st., and that the same be sold by poblic auction ; and that the motion be con veyed per Mr. Barnes, M.P.' He thought the motion would meet with approval. Aid. Pinkstone seconded it, saying he knew no reason for the land being letained for public purposes, . The M-^YOR supported it, saying that when lately in Sydney he had called the Minister's attention to it, and the Minister ? ? had said h' v. Miild have the land put up for J sale. It w.iS part of the old travelling stock route, not now required. Aid. Southee said that until „tbey had secured tho site for gas or other lighting works, they should hesitate in making this recommendation, a9 they might .not get the site which had been applied for. This land would make a good central site. ] The Mayor explained that there was no | doubt about getting the site applied as a ] gas works site, as tho Minister had definitely promised it ; and it was wise to secure a site for gasworks which was at a lower elevation than tho township generally. They were very fortunate in getting the gas site applied for, as it was suitable in this respect, and water could be conserved on it. Aid. Southee: If so, he had no ob jection. Aid. O'Donnell in reply said that as a matter of courtesy to Aid. Southee he would have boon willing to postpone the motion, as he was an old alderman, whose opinion in such matters was worthy of consideration ; but that was not necessary now that he had withdrawn his objection. The motion was agreed to. MISCELLANEOUS. Aid. Pinkstone urged that tenders should be called for clearing the road from the pound-yard railway crossing to the Gundagai road, and improving the crossing of that road over Flat creek, in pursuance of a motion of his carried some time back. Ho also urged the works committee to con sider the dangerous condition of the drain m Murray-st., which was now about 6 or 7 \ feet deep between Wallendoon and Bourke streets; and he suggested that they might fence it in when fencing the adjoining re serve, which was under their control. The Mayor directed that both these | matters should be noted for action. Aid. O'Donnell called attention to the dangerous practice of people throwing orange peel aud banana skins on the footpaths; and also to the dangerous state of the footpaths in front of Percival's buildings, the bricks being badly worn. He also thought that, seeing they were going in for large gardens and public pleasure grounds, it was about j time the trustees of Albert Park resigned their trust to the council. Aid. SouTnEE : In front of the council chamber, too, the footpaths were bad. The Mayor naid he had recently given notice to shopkeepers against the practice first complained of, and requested that pre cautious might be taken against it, and he had directed the inspector's attention to it. He would do so again if found necessary. The pavement generally needed regulation, as some of it was not in keeping with the character of the streets. He favoured asphalting them. As to the park trust, the trustees were willing to resign in favour of the council ; and as soon as tenders could be called for putting the park in order it would be done. The council then rose. A. P. H. and I. Association. — The meeting of this committee called for Wed nesday lapsed for want of a quorum. There were present Dr. Brown and Messrs W. Corby, C. Loiterton, and P. Maguire. Mr. T. Carr's Selection.— The Temora Farmers' U nion have called the attention of the members for Young to the manner in which this selection has been surveyed, aDd asked them to bring it under the notice of the Minister for Lands. Mr. Carr has been very much harassed over this land, and deserves public spmpatby. Annual Leases Granted.— Job Harris Bragg, Oullinga, Cooney, 255a, annual rent £4/5/; Thomas Bragg, Oullinga, Cooney, 370a, annual rent £0/3/4. A Berlin correspondent writes : — The ghost scare which lately arose in a number of schools in this city, and has since spread to the suburbs, has assumed the character of . a nervous disease. In one school a panic has been created by a young girl who was frightened by a window curtain flapping in , . the wind, and there have been similar occurrences in several schools attended by children of the upper class. The educational authorities have taken energetic measures to allay the excitement. A sensational death occurred in Hobart on Wednesday, the victim being Miss Brucdle, daughter ol' a tobacconist. At the inquest Aid. Arnott, who is married, said that the deceased had been on intimate terms with his family for years; on Wednesday sbe sent a little girl, telling him she wnnted to see him in tho domain ; he drove in alone ,* she complained that he had been cold to her ; he said ho did not undorotand her; they drove tog-ether slowly for a little time, when , she said she was miserable, and threatened to clrown -herseli: ; while getting out of the buggy sho fell down, and expired before medical aid could be obtained. Miss Adela M'Culloch Knight is con tinuing her successful career in the medical world (says tho London correspondent of the .Melbourne Argus). Hei latest achievement is the winning of the Helen Prideaux Memorial Scholarship of £50, which is the highest honor that can be gained by any student of the London School of Medicine for women. The scholarship is awarded, to the student who, during her cours9 'of preparation, extending over upwards of four years, in all examinations, both public ' and those connected with the school, and also in clinical work at the hospital, has most distinguished herself in the opinion of the hospital medical staff and of a special committee appointed to make the award. The scholarship has to be employed by the winner for the purpose of study either ; abroad or in Eugland, and Miss Knight is to proceed to Yienua to go through a course of study in practical obstetrics and gynecology,. - before she returns to Australia. ; - j 