ON GOLDEN HINGES. By DORA RUSSELL. Anther of *? Footprints in the Snow,' ' Anna bel's Bivay 'The Track of the Storm,' [Published by special arrangement with the Author. AH rights reserved.] Chaptee XLIV.— The Oid IiOv-e. f Continued, l ' Well, sir, I suppose now its war to the knife between you and I ?' said Despard addressing Graham. ?'You have acted In a way that no man could forgive or pardon,' answered Gra ham ; ' but this Is not a time to Indulge In personal quarrels. We have both shed blood to-day, Major DeBpard, and perhaps to-morrow either you or I will be lying low as these (and Graham pouted to some of the dead), but I will ask one favor from yon. If I fall will you look after the safety of this poor girl ?' ' You need not have made the request ; of course I shall look after her. I came now to look after her. So you have for 8iTi J'*1 n*T' yon» fos Pkytog toe ghost t 51 1 cannot conceive either your motive or hers.' ' Mine was simply to stake yen believe that you were a haunted man— tnSi yom victim could not rest in her grave. Hers, poor little fool, was because she was still in love with you and would therefore play very conveniently into my hand.' ' And you took her to Wargrave with you?' ' Of course I did, and I left her there with the little Ballalrs until we embarked for the Soudan. I had my revenge you see, Mr. Graham North.' 'Yes, an unmanly, cruel revenge,' said Graham bitterly. ' You spoilt my happiness with Katharine, you embittered my life a-new. I do not envy you your pastime, Major Despard, for I had done you no wrong.' 'Done me no wrong!' repeated Des pard passionately. ' Yon took from me the woman I loved, the girl who would have been my wife but for you. And what right had you to come near Katha rine) Was not that child enough?' (and he pointed to Winny). « You had wronged and ruined her, and then came wooing my cousin for her wealth, and you call it no wrong?' * 'I have sinned and I have Buffered,' answered Graham. 'How deeply Buf fered, none bnt God can tell, and I was ready to atone for my fault. Had you given me one hint that Winny lived all this might have been spared.' ' I did not believe that, yon see. I do nob believe it now. When I aaw the little fool drifting under (he bridge at Castle Hill yon January afternoon I be lieved that mine enemy was delivered Into my hind. I gnoswd the old story, the Jjklce Jpyer, **» gUtis -fcsp&br;, and I had a tough job, too, to drag her ont of the ?? And yon took her to Cbsrfe Hill ?' ' I took her to the boat-home first, and tieD when the coast was clear to the stables. Bnt she was more dead than alive ; however, my old ally Ban and I managed to bring her ronnd, though she Tmly escaped with the sftln of her teetb. And the little fool wanted to die, and abated me for saving her ! It wasn't till I promised that if she lived that together we would contrive to separate yon from Mies Deepard that she consented to get better. Was It, Win?' And Despard bent down over the poor girl and took her . band not unkindly. ?* I am 'sorry now,' eald Winny, looking at Graham. ** But I have not treated you badly, have I?' continued Cespard. 'Io was her own idea to come to the Soudan when she heard yon were going, Mr. North. She's a faithful little soul at any rate, and the only time I ever saw her in a rage was once when 1 tried to make love to her. Don't look savage, pray — she wouldn't let me, and ao there was an end of It-.' ** I am grateful to yon at least for that,' said Graham. ** She made a tidy little servant, I can tell yon, but she'd stand no nonsense. ; Poor little Win 1 I am sorry to see you lying here, but I suppose you would rather your old love locked, after yon than Idid?' ' He has promised not to leave me,' said Winr.y. 'Thank you, Major DeBpard, for you have always been kind to me, but I will stay with him ' Deepard laughed and again bent down ; and shook her hand. 'Good-bye, then, little woman,' he said. 'I leave her In your charge, sir,' he added, looking round at Graham ; '* acd you and I can settle our quarrel at a more convenient season.' And with a little nod he strode away, and both Graham's eyes and Winny'a followed him as he went. 41 It Is quite true what he said, Graham,' she whispered a moment later ; 'he was always kind to me — but — but I wish he had let me die — before I gave you any pain.' 'HuBh, dear child, the thought of your death was my bitterest pain ; but try to live now, Winny, for my sake.' ?' Ob, Graham, you never knew how I loved yon — never, never — oh, Graham, I would like to live now !' He knelt down beside her and lifted her head npon his breast ; he pushed back the short dyed hair and kissed her brow. 'And where is all your pretty hair, Winny ?' he asked. A little tender smile flitted for a moment over her lipa. ' He had it made into a wig,' she Eald ; and as she spoke Graham remem bered the long fair hair he had seen glistening in the moonlight at Wargrave on that terrible night when he believed Winny had risen from the dead. Chapter XLY. — News of Battle. When the news of the British victory at Abu Klea reached England among the thousands of homes through which it thrilled with anxious fear and dread was Castle HilL The liflt of casualties read on January 22nd was a heavy one, and weeping wives and maidens held the papers in their trembling hands, (scanning the brief sen* tences which to them brought life or death, despair or hope, Katharine was the first to see the news papers and ran with them in her hands to Mrs. Bellalrs bedroom. She was lying on a luxurious coush before a large fire read Ing a French novel. 'There has been a terrible battle,' began Katharine, and with a shriek the little woman sprang up from bat recam bent position and her yellow-backed book' fell to the ground. 'A battle !' she repeated, and she grew very pale ; ' and Frank ?' ' Frank is slightly wounded — not severely ; don't look so frightened — and, and, there is no mention — of — of any one ette.' 'Any one else,' meant to Katharine, Graham North. He was more to her than the hard won victory ; more than all the brave men lying dead on the blood-stained hills ; he was her love, her deareBt life, and for the moment she did not think of the. desolated hearthB,of the widows' wails, shrieked in English and Arab homes when the death-roll was told after the battle of Abn Klea. Mrs. Ballalrs now burst into loud sobs. I She snatched the papers from Katharine's hands ; she read the fatal lists ; she had friends among 'officers killed,' friends among the ' severely wounded,' but she thought not of these. Among the ' slightly wounded' appeared the name of Major DeBpard, and over this name she shed the bitterest tears, kissing the paragraph, and pressing it against her breast. Katharine was sorry and afraid to to watch her wild outburst, knowing that only disappointment awaited her if Frank DeBpard should return. 'If anything happens to Frank It will kill me !' cried the little woman, and she drew ont Major Despard's photograph and frantically kissed the smiling, halfdis dainful face. Katharine remembered all the photo graphs of the Rev. Jasper that had had their little day and1 then vanished from the scene ; she remembered the poor adjutant lying in his Indian grave, and yet the widow kept repeating, 'I have never loved anyone else, Katharine— you may tell Frank, if you please, that I have never loved before !' And she really believed tils. This late love of hers for Frank Despard had been, and was, the strongest passion that had ever stirred her small soul. She was sel fish, but for his sake she would have sacri ficed all the little comforts and luxuries with which she loved to surround her life, thoughsnehasaorifice would bnthave ended in bitter upbraiding* and tearful regrets. It seemed Bad to Katharine to hear hev foolish confidences and to know of the hard and bitter words that Frank Despard had spoken of her. But Katharine blamed her cousin, feeling sure that for some reason or other Frank muBt have deceived her as regards his true feelings towards her. But at all events the next few days were most mlserableoces at Castle Hill. General Ster?£¥t'a column was known to have ad vanced on its way to the Nile, leaving Abu Klea tfee day after the battle, and the deepest anxiety naturally followed it from thoBe whose nearest and dearest marched in Its weary ranks. Then at Dlllford Eth lay between life and death, and Mrs. Graham North was worn out with watching and grief. Katharine heard all this from the rector, who went each day to the sick girl's bed side, and at last Katharine determined, in spite of Mrs. North's objection, to take her share of nursing Eth. She was Graham's sister, ahe was a dear girl, and she objected to any profes sional nurse, so Katharine made np her mind to go. She told the rector this, and the rector's eyes grew dim aa he thanked her, 'Do not go too near her,' he said, 'and there Is no fear, and it will please Ethel.' And It did please Ethel. The poor girl smiled when she saw Katharlne,and asked in her hoarse whisper about Graham, but Katharine had nothing to tell. And though the deepest anxiety racked her own heart, she tried to brighten the sick room, and the doctors said Ethel Began to Im prove from the time that Katharine went to Dlllford. ' And the rector, Eth, he is very good, Is he not ¥' said Katharine one day. Eth's haggard face flushed. 'He— he— la more than good,' she said, and hev eyes filled with tears. 'True lovm la not to be despised, Bth,' conttnoad Katharine ?w»*'g. ' No, no,' MddEtb, 'if I live ? ' \- k \- and Katbatlne nnderttood II Ethel's H£e be spared the lector's, tioa lose would aot be unrewarded. In tbe meanwhile each day Increased Katharine's anxiety for Graham ; all sorts of rumors springing up about the safety Sir Herbert Stewart's colamn, with whom Katharine naturally concluded him to be. It was not until January 29 that the sews reached England of the prolonged and deeperate fighting through which that handful of brave men had forced their way to tbe Kile. The rector brought the news to Katharine at Dlllford, and his face was very pale. At sunrise on the 19th the enemy had attacked General Stewart's little force, and later in the day the heroic leader him self was dangerously wounded and two war correBpondentBBhot dead In the zereba. The battlejwhloh followed, while the Bri tish square steadily, in the face of over powering numbers and in broad daylight on an open plain, fought the wild fanatic hosts with which It was surrounded, was a magnificent dispay of undaunted valor, glorious alike to officers and men. But It was a sad, sad story. The wounded general, the dead marking the track of that fruitless match, and the bitter news that a few days later was to reach that heroic band that had fought and bled in vain. The rector told the tale with faltering tongue, and aB Katharine listened she caught his hand and grew deadly pale. 1 You are keeping something back,' she panted out; 'tell me the worst— la Graham ? ' ' His name Is not mentioned,' said the rector gently ; 'but I regret to Bay your cousin's Is— Major Despard is dangerously wounded.' Katherlne bunt Into tears. ' Oh, poor Frank !' she said, and her heart went back to the days when Frank had been as a brother to her; when she had looked up to him and admired him, and when he had talked to her of his young enthusiasm of all he meant to do and dare. 'He had a presentiment of hlB fate.' she wept ; ' he said he would never stand again within the walls of Castle Hill.' ' Nay, my dear young lady,' Bald the rector gently, 'yon must not take so gloomy a view of his wound at this — and I want you to return with me to Csstle Hill now— ior I am sorry to tell you that Mm. Ballalw is exceedingly ill ' ' She haa heard about Frank r-' ' Unfortunately, yes, and through me, too, I am grieved to say. When I got the papers I naturally told hev the sad news without ever reflecting that she had any particular Interest in any one engaged in the fighting, and I shall never forget her cries when she heard that Major Despard was dangerously wounded.' *' They were old friends, and lately I think sbe got to like him very much. I will go with you at once.' Chapter XLYL— Winkx's Peayek, But we must now return to Graham North and the poor wounded girl lef b at the Abu Klea Wells. Winny was carried there on the afternoon of the battle, seem ingly more dead than alive, but she re covered towards evening, and Graham succeeded In getting a tent erected, and before nightfall everything was done for her that was poaalble under the circum stances. The doctor kept her secret, and no one had any Hbne to think of the wounded jooth that Graham North attended 00 assiduously. General Stewart was deter mined to push on the maroh,-and many had not even an opportunity of snatching an hour's rest after the stirring events and excitement of the day. All night Graham sat by Winny's side, watching her restless slumber and listen ing to the sharp cries of pain which at Intervals broke from her lips. Then she . began io wander In her sleep and thought the was onoe more by the shores of the reedy Dill. 71* tiraham !- Graham ! Why don't you come ! Why don't yon come 1' she kept repeating in plteotts accents ; and Graham .turned away fats head with a moan and covered his face, not daring to ask himself what would be the end of this sad story. ~3Tor could he forget Katharine, whom he loved so dearly, and who loved him in this bitter hour? The poor child whose life he had wrecked lay babbling of by gone days, but he Bat with bitten lips thinking of those to come. Far away In England Katharine awoke and breathed a fcwayer for him, while in tbe desert he 1 watched the pale dawn shed Its first rays i oh Winny's worn and altered face. Then, as the day broke, Winny roused herself and stretched ont the one hand . she could move to Graham with a smile. 'And It's true, true,' she said; 'it's not a dream ; I am with you, my darling, at last?' 'Yes, It is true, Winny.' 'And you lhave forgiven me?' she whispered softiy. 'I must ask that question of you, Wlony.' 'Oh! no, no, I was very wicked I know, Graham, to try to drown myself, but I was too miserable to live— Indeed I was, dear— don't turn away your head, Graham ; I really wished to die. Ah, how could you, how could you write those cruel wordB to me V All this was most exquisitely painful to Graham. Winny would talk of the past, acd alluded again and again to 'Miss Despard,' and reminded Graham of the words he had spoken when he found hev on the field of battle. 'And you wrote to ask me to marry -you, dear ; you have made me happy even Uldle.' Then she asked after her father and Dorothy, speaking of them tenderly and , affectionately. ' 'I have often cried when I have thought of dear father,' ahe said ; ' I'm afraid I've grieved him sorely. Do you Jknow, Graham, I thought of him even in On my misery yon day in Dllldene when I got your letter. But I could not live, I .could not, could not live!' And she '' caught his hand and hid her face in it. ' Yon will make yourself III If you talk thus, Winny; try to sleep, my dear child.' ' I can't sleep, the pain is too bad ; but J don't mind It when I can look at you and talk to you. And you will never leave me now,'. Graham ; you have pro mised never to leave me 1' ' I will never leave you ; do not be afraid.' 'And— and Graham— If I live— will ion do what you said you would have done— I niean what yes said yesterday -when Major Despard was standing by ?' ' Do you mean— marry you, Winny !' ' Yes, Graham, yes !' And she fixed her eyes appeallogly on hla face. ?' If you wish it I will.' Winny bunt into tears, bub they were tears of joy. 'You have made me so happy,' she sobbed. 'Oh, come near, my dear, my dearest ' (and she put her hands round his throat and drew his face to hen). ' Oh 1 I love you so, Graham, so dearly, ho dearly — and I can go home again now and see dear father — I can do anything if yon will marry me— Oh, now I wish so much to live.' What Graham felt as he listened to hev fond words he himself could scarcely have told. He soothed her. he spoke gently to her, and finally poor Winny fell asleep ettll holding his hand fast In hers. And while he sat thus early In the after noon the entrance of the tent waa sud denly darkened, and as Graham looked hastily round he perceived Major Despard standing looking In. He saluted Graham and came forward. ♦» We march In an hour,' he said, ' and before we go I thought I should like to hear how that poor girl Is going on.' 'She seems better, I think,' answered Graham In alow tone, ' Do yoa stay on at the wells, then, to take «areef hev 1' 'Yei.Iahallitay.' Tbeeonndof BfajoKBespard'fl voice and Graham, drawing his hand qnlckly from her* awoke Winny, and she looked up and recognised Despard. ' WeU,' he said kindly to her, 'and how are yen getting on, youog woman ?' 'I fesl ever so much better,' she Acswertd with a smile ; ' and, Major Peppard,' she added proudly, while a blueh stole over her tanned face, ' if I live I have to be Graham's wife.' ' Indeed !' Bald Despard mocklogly. ' It la quite true — is it not quite true, Graham V ' If you wish It to be, ye», Winny,' eald Graham. ' Major DeBpard looked from one to the other and gave a little shrug. 'Arcadia In the desert !' he Bald. ' Well, this Is a grand promotion for yon, Winny — very grand ; you must make haste to get well now.' 'I will try now,' said Winny, and Graham turned away his head, bit his lips, and went for- a moment or two to the entrance of the tent and stood outside it, and presently Despard joined him there. ' I suppose all that is utter folly ?' he said roughly, with a little backward nod at the tent. ' What do you mean, Major DeBpard ?' answered Graham coldly. ' About marrying that poor girl. Yon have told her this to console her last moments, I presume ?' *' I have not done ao.' ' Bnt you don't tell me — or do you mean to tell me — that In the event of this girl recovering you are going to make hev yonr wife ?' ' You heard what she said— you know the story — If she lives my honor leaves me no choice.' 1 DeBpard stared at Graham for a minute ' as If incredulously, and then his tanned (ace grew a little pale and his lips ' twitched. 'And Katharine?' he asked, looking foil In Graham's face. 'Major Despard,' answered Graham In a faltering voice ; ' I cannot talk of It —I will not talk of it to you.' 'But I will hear,' cried Despard passionately. 'Do you mean to write honorably to my cousin and tell her of this renewed promise to your old love, or do you not ?' 'iBhallwrite.' ' And you will tell her ? ' ' What right have you to ask me what iBhalltell her?' said Graham with un controllable emotion. 'Will it not be bitter enough, do you think, to us both without taking another Into our con fidence? Katharine will know, will understand, without any further explana tion when she hears poor Winny lives.' 'Then I shall write to her,' said : DeBpard. ' Do what you please — write and tell her you knew this poor girl was alive all the while ; that you let me renew my engage ment to your coufiln knowing this, and then tried to make that engagement miserable to me. But you will not make . Katharine think of you more highly by doing so. If you had told me Winny lived you would have spared youraelf much trouble and me much pain.' : ' But, you see, I did not believe this,' said Despard coolly ; ' certainly had no reason to believe it. You had not shown much consideration for the feelings of this poor young woman before her supposed death, and I had no cause to suppose you would show much after, had I restored her to your arms. Ah, it's all very fine talking, Mr. Graham North.' ' Major DeBpard,' Interrupted Graham sternly, '* I have no cause, I know, to ex plain my motives to yon, yet I will do so. I did behave cruelly and heartlessly te ; this poor girl, and the shock and honor of her supposed death nearly upaet my reason, but on my sick bed when my mother told me she was saved I deter mined to stake heiyny wife, as some poor , reparation for the misery I had caused her. I loved Katharine then, I love her -now — better a hundred times now — but this must nob Influence me,' i DeBpard did not speak for a few moments ; he stood looking at Graham, and perhaps there passed through his mind some vague regrets for what he had done. At all events his tone was softer : when he next spoke. '* I own I do not understand such feel ings,' said ; ' but I may be wrong. Well, Mr. North, this may be the last time you and I meet on earth, if so tell my cousin——' ' What shall I tell hex ?' auked Graham ! as DeBpard paused. But Deeprrd'a momentary softness was : gone. 'Tell her two men nearly cut each . other's throats for her sake,' he answered, . resuming his old mocking manner, 'and that naturally will not displease her. But I must be off ; good day, Mr. Graham North,' And he touched his cap, waved his arm, and was gone. The same afternoon General Stewart's column resumed Its march, Major DeBpard accompanying it. The next news Graham heard of him was that he had fallen dangerously wounded during the battle of Gubat and had been carried to the camp of the Nile. He had been shot during the advance of that dauntless square which had fought its way to the river with such splendid courage against overwhelming odds, and a braver soldier never fell on the field than Francis Deepard. Chapteb XIiVH. — The Bitteb Tiutth, When Katharine reaohed Castle Hill. after the rector had brought the news of Major Despard's dangerous wound, she found Mrs. Ballalrs raving and shrieking like a madwoman. She was walking up and down hev bed room wringing her hands, and when she saw Katharine she gave a loud cry, 'Have you heard?' she shrieked. 'Frank 1 Frank ! Shall I never see you again?' 'Hush, hush, Mrs. Ballalrs,' said Katharine soothingly. 'What was he to you — nothing, nothing,' went on the miserable woman ; ' bnt to me he was everything — my lover, my husband that was to be — for Frank Despard I have risked my soul, and he may never return !' Katharine stood silent and appalled by her wild words. ' He promised to marry me,' continued Mrs. Ballalrs. ' Oh, what shall I do— what shall I do !' And she tore off some little false rings of hair that she wore curled down upon her brow and flung them on the floor. ' I care for nothing now— If Frank does not come back my life Is done.' In vain Katharine tried to soothe her ; she wept, she raved, and finally fell down In such terrible hysterics that Katharine was forced to send for Dr. Morton, and Mrs. BaUairs's despair opuld no longer be concealed from the household. All this was terribly trying and painful to Katharine. Hev own grief and regret for her cousin was most sincere, bnt it was swallowed up, as it were, in her intense anxiety for Graham's safety. No news came from him for days, and Katharine and his mother were alike distracted with fear. The rector was their only comfort. This kind man stayed on at Castle Hill and telegraphed hither and thither £0* In formation, and at last they heard that Graham had remained behind at the Abu JQea Wells when General Stewart had marched on to Metemmeh. Then one miserable day a letter arrived from Graham for Katharine, dated from Abn Klea, and when she read it she fell down on her knees and covered hev face, for the grief It bore to hev seemed more bitter than death. It had been brought to hev In hev own room, and the read it there, and as she read a stifled cry broke from hev white lips ; but she was not a woman to shriek or wail from the housetops. Graham's words stabbed her to the very heart, but the tried to hide the gaping wound, and acted In this bitter moment with ? certain bravery and nobleness of spirit, and bore herwK outwardly at least with composure. Graham's letter told the whole of Winny'a tad story, and if it cost Katharine great and, bitter pahx to- receive it, to- write it had also coat Gcaham the deepest grief and humiliation. ' My dearest Katharine (she read), for beat and dearest to me you most always be. I am sitting here in this silent lonely tpot trying to frame words to tell yoa what I can scarcely yet realise ; yet It Is a fact — a fact visible to me at this moment when I am writing, for Katharine, I can jnat see a pale waBted face — a little, white, altered, sleeping face, bnt it la the face of Winifred fiiddell, the girl whom I have so long mourned as dead. 'It seems all like a dream, a frightful dream. Yoa have read no doubt a de ception of the battle of Abn Klea, and I will not therefore harrow yoa with writing of that blood-stained field. When the British square broke and fell back before tbe overwhelming Arab hordes I also was . driven back, fighting for my life, and as we passed some of the wounded lying on litters, that the bearers had put down, I heatd some one shriek out my name in times of mortal anguish. ' Katharine, I glanced down, and on a litter almoBt at my feet lay apparently a young lad, with dark moustache and hair, who screamed to me to save him. I shot the Arab who was just about to give the wounded boy (as I supposed) his death stroke, and I dragged the boy with me put of the melee. Katharine, this boy was Winny Riddell. ' Do you remember when your cousin left us in the avenue at Dllford on that miserable day when Winny was supposed to drown herself ? Major Despard later in the afternoon was standing on the Castle Hill side of the river watching the flood when he saw carried through the arch of the bridge what he supposed to be the body of a woman. Always brave, he plunged In and drew this body to the shore. Old Ben, your coachman, had now joined him, and he told Major Despard who poor Winny waB. They carried her Into the boathouse first, and then (when Ben had got all the other men ont of the way) to the stables. With diffi culty they brought hev round, and that night Winny left Castle Hill with your cousin, disguised as a stable-boy. She re fused indeed to stay ; declared she would not live, but Major Despard promised her if she would do as she was told she would live to separate you and I. ' Do yon understand now, my dearest Katharine? He brought her down to Wargrave disguised aa his servant, and dressed her to represent the restless spirit that I believe appeared there to me. Then he made a confidant of your friend, Mm. Ballalrs, and he left poor Winny at her house, with orders to dog my footsteps and frighten me away from yonr side, by mak ing me believe I was a haunted man ! You know how well this cruel deception buc ceeded ; you remember when I fainted by the Thames ;and when the news came thatl was, leaving with the Nile expedition this poordnpe followed me here. AtKortl, and at Gakdul, I believe her spirit ap peared to me, but on the bloody field of Abu Klea, after I had saved her life, she told me all. 'When I was speaking to her your cousin came up, and Winny cried ont I knew everything, and I then asked Major Despard what had been his motive ;for teaching this poor girl to act so vile a part. He answered It was to separate me from you, and I told him in reply the easiest way to have done ao was to have let me know that Winny lived, as I intended In the case to make her my wife. 'The poor wounded, almost dying creature lying at my feet heard these words, and cried to me to keep my word. Katharine, the idea seemed to give her new live. She was severely wounded in the early part of the battle of Abu Klea, but she lingers on here full of hope that she may now recover and that I will marry her, and that in the end all may be well. ' Katharine, there are partings which are worse that death, and I think ours is one of theBe. To me at least It Is, but what can I do ? What can I say ? This poor soul whose life hangs on a thread ; this girl, almost child, whose only fault was that she loved me too well, until your cousin taught her to lie and to deceive, has bnt one hope, oca wish, and that is that I should do her the justice that I ought to have done her long ago. 'To you — most generous and noble of women — I know I need tell no more. You have much, almost everything ; this poor waif has nothing but me ! I alone can give hev back hev good name, hev peace, hev life. I know you will bid me not hesitate — Katharine, my beloved — my best, best beloved — would that I could at least see you once again — press one last kiss on your lips before you would shrink and turn away from it. Bat if this Is not to be, if we Indeed must part —think of me sometimes not unkindly, aa one who loved you with the deepest passion that the human hearb is capable of, and who, in giving you up, gives up what Is dearer, a thousand times dearer, than life Itself. ?? G.N.' 'P.S. — Poor Winny requests me to . ask you to let her father and sister know that she is alive.' Scalding tears fell on this.letter ; bitter hesrtwrung tears, and then Katharine bowed hev head and fell on hev knees, praying silently for strength* She knew not how long she knelt; there are moments that seem long years of time, and when the agony Is too great to heed the quiet monitor, Katharine was roused by hearing some one rapping . at her bedroom door, and when she looked up Mrs. Graham North, pale, haggard eyed, terribly moved, stood before her. 'You have heard of Graham,' she gasped, as Katharine lifted her white tear stained face,*' Is— is he dead ?' 'No,' said Katharine In a faint changed voice. 'What Is it then, Katharine? The rector told me a letter from the Soudan had arrived — told me you had seen no one since — and I came at once, Tell me the wont ; I can see by your face you have something terrible to tell.' ' He is not dead,' repeated Katharine in the same changed voice, 'he Is at Abo Klea— and— and with him is one we believed dead— the girl Winny Riddell Is there.' ' What!' shrieked Mrs. Graham North, and when, in faltering accents, Katharine proceeded to tell the sad story, the miserable mother flung up hev arms In de spair. 'He is dead to me then I' she cried. -? Would that he had died long ago— that I had never seen his face.' : The blow was absolutely overwhelming to Mrs. Graham North. That her son should so degrade himself, that he should fling away the generous love of Katharine DeBpard for so vile a thug aB this, filled her heart, not only with grief, but with the bitterest Indignation. 'He la mad, utterly mad, ' she said. 'He— he thinks it right,' faltered Katharine* 'I shall never speak to him or look on. his face again— to treat you thus— yoa so noble, so true 1 Katharine, I blush for my son— would you had told me he was lying dead in the deserb before you had told me this 1' And In this bitter epWt Mrs. North always afterwards spoke of Gvahem. She could neither forgive him nor excuse him, and when the kind recto* tried to say some generous word for him Mrs. North refused to listen. 'Do not mention his name to me any more,' she said ; 'I have no son.' She went back to her daughter's bedside with dry tearless eyes and a white, set, hard face. Eth looked up and whispered. 11 Is Graham dead ?' when she saw hev mother's expression. 'To me he Is dead,' she answered, and tbe poor girl dare ask no more, and only heasd the atoty when her friend the vector came to pay his dally visit. j Bat after the first shock was over | Katharine showed no each unforgiving spirit. She bathed her tear-stained face and bore herself with a certain dignity and composure that surprised Mrs. Ballairs and the rector alike. Mrs. BaUaira had also now got over the firet shock of Frank Despard'a dangerous wound. The wounded were reported as all doing well at the camp neir Metemmeh, and hope once more rose in the little woman's breast, and she fel6 eomewhat ashamed of her wild outbarab. And when Katharine taxed her with her treachery at Wargrave she did not at all like being found out. 'Frank made me do It, dear,' she said with a blush ; 'it was such a stupid thing, and I told Frank ib was 1 But yoa tee he could nob bear the idea of yoa marrying Mr. North after all the scandal that had been about him. He thought himself justified in trying to stop it any way, and he looked upon himself as a kind of father or brother to you.' 'And you kept this girl in your house ?' ' Yes, such a nuisance ! He, or she, rather, I suppose, was always mooning about, and the servants said Major Des pard'B lad, as they called her, was always crying — what a goose the girl must be 1' Katharine did not speak, she turned away dUgueted and jwlshed that Mrs. Ballalrs would go away from Castle Hill. But Mrs. Ballalrs had no idea of doing this ; the little curls had been ploked up and had reappeared on the widow's brow, as Mrs. Ballairs spent her time as com fortably as she could under the circum stances, and drank a good deal of cham pagne and claret to try to keep up hen spirits tinder the miserable anxiety aboub Frank Despaad. 'It Is such a comfort for us to be together at this wretched time,' she told Katharine, and Katharine somehow had! not the heart to send her away. ? (To It continued.) 