Sttadlay at Home Musinqsby iheWay. By ' PniLANTHROPOs.' No. 8. WHAT ! It is a remarkable fact that for nearly fifteen centuries one of the most prominent and important dogmas of the Christian Church should have lain practically dormant. Hero and there were a few souls who recognised and taught the truth ?concerning tho Holv Ghost, but they were the exception, and it has only been within the last EO or GO years that anything like a plain ond systematic attempt has been made to draw attention to this allimpor tant matter. That thin should be so is not after all so wonderful when it is remembered that it is only of late years that other matters which are of vital interest to the Christian, lave be:n at all openly and generally discussed and taught, such, as, for instance, the intermediate state, the question of eternal punishment, etc. These subjects, however, sink into insignificance when compared with the teaching about tbe Holy Spirit of God, and remembering how constantly and emphatically our bleeEed Lord and His apostles again and again refer to it, it is all tbe more remark able that the Christian Churc'a should for B\ considerable a space of time have, igaored or, what amounts to the same tiling, glossed over the teaching of the Bible on thi3 pcint. That the actual though invisible pre s'enoi of the 'Holy Spirit upon this earth was realised, and believed in by the early ,- Church, no one, with any knowledge of the ?early fathers, will require to be told, but I \ fear that too many peoplo.the full meaning' of. such words os those addressed by. St. Paul to tlie Corinthians (1 Cor. G. 19) is hardly appreciated. 'What!' ho asks, 'do ye not know that your body is the Temple of the Holy Ghost?' He expresses his astonishment at their forgetfulness of this fact nnd recalls to their memory the reasons why they should ever keep it in view. . '.' . . 1 !? It is worthy of notice that the word ?employed ' Temple,' has a great deal more force than any other corresponding word would have had. The Apostle might have ?used — ' abode,' or 'dwelling,' with equal reason. as far as the sense was concerned, but they would not have had the same ?force., Tbe word 'Temple' literally means a spaed en t off or separated, in other words, a place dedicated to holy purposes, and it' is in this sense that St Paul applies it to Christian people. We are, so ho argues, to regard our bodies as cut off or separated from- all mere worldly and carnal objects, and as dedicated to holy purposes — everything which is good, pure, and per fect. , : _' ? , ! It follow 8 as a matter of course, there fore, that if we properly realised our posi tion, and I ought to add, our glorious privilege, we'should pay a great deal more Attention to our bodies than we are won't to do. ? . . ? „ -It seems almost inconceivable that human creatures should act in so contradictory &nd; paradoxical a manner as common ex perience shows us they do. Daily, wo see people lavishing the utmost care and atten tion on their food and clothing, and yet at the very time ruining their constitutions by drunkenness and debauchery. How many hundreds and thousands there are who are spending money on their bodies, planning \- for them, slaving for them, who yet cruelly illtreat ; and abuse these same bodies by giving w»y to riot and excess of all kinds. . .- What do.we mean by taking care of our '?'bodies. I take it, that while on the1 one hand we are bidden not to over estimate the value of our bodies, or to pay too much attention to them to the manifest injury of our souls, as tho words beginning : — ?'Take no thought, etc.' undoubtedly are intended to teach us, yet on the other hand it is equally evident that the total neglect of the body must be equally disastrous. ?' Taking care ' does not merely mean the possession of plenty of food, abundance of o'othing, ote.j I maintain that something niuch moro important is intended. It means the cultivation of the best powers ?which our bodies possess — not the mere using, but tho improvement and training . of- them to their highest stage of -perfection. We all know what it is to see people who lead a merely animal existence, who fat and drink, dress and .sleep,sand who go through a daily routine of labour and then, what ? Why, nothing more;; - Their lives are a perpetual routine of. mechanical functions,- and they are little better than automatons. I know,, ?alas, that- there are many and many -poor . souls who are so overwhelmed by distress and ' poverty that life seems made up of one rip ver ceasing struggle. It is easy to understand that in such .cases care of the body resolve's itself into a daily and hourly battle in which the absolute wants of the body naturally take first p'ace, but this does not apply to all. ? If there are many who cannot free themselves from this terrible struggle for existence, there are -also many, very many, who have ample opportunities of 'takingenro' of their bodies !in a higher and better sense. The improve ment of our mental as well as our physical 'powers, the naintenance of our health. In these and other ways we have a great field for watchfulness and care. While I V am'. perfectly willing to 'admit that it is' .-.';. quite justifiable'1 that we Bhould make the most of our physical beauty, it would lnani .festly be wrong to allow the attentions to our toilet and personal appearance to absorb . all our time; and in the same way, while the exercise of our bodies in athletic games and sports is to be encouraged and recom mended, such physical relaxation should not prevent duo attenticn to the require* ? ;; aaentaof the mind. In other. words there must bo moderation in all these things and a proper blending of each, so that none will excel to the injury of the others. It is only in thiB way that the care of the body can be really undertaken in a truly Christian spirit, and only in this way can the body bo fitted for tho high and exalted position intended for it by the Almighty. I say nothing now about the disastrous and ruinous effects which impu rity and intemperanco must have upon the body. They are sufficiently ?bvious to all j what I am anxious to dwell upon, is tho supineneEs nr.0 ii ('inference which so completely envelopes us and which;leavo so distressing evidence behind of 'tho dis astrous effect produced upon the soul. In considering the Apostle's meaning wo must remember that in using tho word 'body' he not only refers to the physical part of our being, but to our personality, which is made up of our body, soul and mind. We are to regard ourselves as a whole, and are to inquire whether in our past lives wo have done what we had the' opportunity of doing, to make our being a fitting habit ation of the Holy Spirit. He does not say that we may become the habitation of this Holy Being — he says that we are already (that is, of course, those who are baptised) ' tbe temple of the Holy Ghost.' May we by God's help, keep this fact before our our minds,and endeavour each day to make our dwelling more 'worthy, lest we should 'grieve' or 'quench' the Spirit of God in our hearts. 