THE PROBLEM OF INDUS- TKIAL EVOLUTION. QlBLtiouitKH Age.) the articles on proht sharing which have recently appeared in the age hare attracted a largo measure of nlteution, and our suggestion that the first firm to introduce tho aystcm in Australia would be conferring an important benefit to society at large by shoeing the way to an enduring motlu,tvivanti between capital and labor is likely to bear fruit, a leading engineering firm in Melbourne having taken the preliminary steps to submit to its cmp.oyes a workable scheme on the profit- sharing prin ciple.- In view of the interest awakened iu regard to the subject there lias been a great demand for Mr. Oilman's book on profit-sharing, to which we referred in close detail, with the result, we believe, that copies of the work have been ordered from London by cable. Precisely the same question has been brought to tbo fore front in England by reason of the seething trouble in all departments of labor. Mr. John Burns, tiro autocrat of tho new trades-unionism, on the occasion of the great labur demonstration in London in the middle of August, convened by the ' Dock, Wharf, Riverside and General Laborers' Union of Great Britain and Ireland," to ceienrate the dock strike of the previous year in London, referred to the popular teudency in favor of protit-siiaring and co-operation. They were not going to strive again, he said, because they had a better policy and were going to do without every shipnroker and contractor, letting the docker, through his trades-uniouisni, do tire work himself on a co-operative basis. Ill at would be in force before another i'd months wore over. It was not idle talk, lie assured tbein. The ligh'crincn bad started on tbe job and the lighterm-n's co-operative society had 17 barges belonging to lightermen doing the trade of tho port of Loudon, aud were going to keep on until every lighter was jointly ownel by the men who pulied the oars. Since the dock strike the number of trade-unionist, in London jutd been increased by 8uu,tlOU and over iiUO unions hail been revived or re- formed. The railway men had managed to get a million of money more paid to them for wages than they had last year. Trade after trade had improved it. posi tion aud seven millions of adutt males had pained at least £sd,ouu.u00 from the impetUB glveu by the labor movement. The postmen, who lost through cowardice and treucbe-y, had gained more by the strike than had beeu lost, t he fir- men in Lonnon were petitioning for a rise, aud some of them 011 the Countv Council yyould seo that they got it. The soldiers had protested against tyranny and six of llieai had gone to prison. All grades of labor were moving for b-tier couditiorie. In lite next 12 months tbey were going to clear out the bigots and the gentlemen who ran strikes for the purpose of feathering their own nests. They vvere going, in ttie second place, to adopt a definite policy on tivo or three labor questions and to organise the unskilled labor in the agiiculmral districts. He would like to abandon the London County Council and the cbaucc of his seat in Parlia ment in -order to pernmhulato the country in a caravan for five years in order to get at the unskilled laborers at tho root, organising them, procuring them higher wages and so prevent them from sivarming up to London. They had to breik down the barriers of class prejudice between the skilled and tire unskilled laborers ; they had to stop sweating iu Government and municipal departments j and then they had to go for a legal eight-hour day, yvhich would give leisure to the workmen to arm th-mselves for the bnrning questions which would come np (or discussion in the near fn'ture. Tho rich to-day occupied a dangerous nnd peculiar position. 'The workers intended to narrow that margin of profit and to absorb the rich man's area of expioitatioa until thoy occupied in uvery centre of government the point which the rich man held. The yvorkers yvero uot going to be content yvith the "tanner." They yvero going to yvork upyy-arils and upyvards until there should bo no c asses, no Notyvood aud John Burns, 110 Car dinal Manning and the docker, no Lord Mayor and sweated Jewess tailor girl in the East End. Tho dock strike teas tho raising of the flag of the unskilled battalions and troops in the uni versal army of democracy- Tne first trench had been won, nnd they- would not rest until they had won the citidal. The yvorkers must be strong, they must bo disciplined, moral, intel lectual and sober, to pass successfully through tbo problems of forthcoming trouble. Tho scheme referred to at the output of this speech is oue of co-operation. The dockers are of opinion that tho time for co-operation has arrived, aud that the perfection of their organi- sation justifies them in attempting it. Mr. Tom Mann iias put fonvard the folloyving mani festo " Tbe year's experience yve have noyv had points out clearly that a new basis of ngero- ment between tbe directors and the yvorkers is required. In our opinion this baiis shouid bo a co-operative one, the union executive making the contract rvith tho company, rb- union men standing by that contract, whether it pars Gd por hour or Gs." Tbe dockers have a body of men capable of doing the yvork that is to be done nnd it ia noyv so strong that they have closed their hooks against further entries Thus controlling the labor supply they are in a posi tion to negotiate yvith the dock company for the purpose of taking over the loading und unload ing of ships, this being, in effect, the basis of the noyv scheme yvhich is noyv under discussion br the dock directors. This new scheme, of yy-liich the text has not been published, provides the work shall he offered to the men at a cer tain agreed price aud that tbey shall constitute themselves into a company to undertake the yvork oil co-oper Give principles. Each member of tbe company will be allotted bis proper share of the yvork and bis remuneration, tho contract stipulating only that the work shall be carried on under the direction and to the satisfaction of the company's official. The scheme as yet is purely tentative, hut as it is understood that all the directors view it favor ably there is every probability that it rvill before many yveeks are "past be carried into practical effect. Under such a system there yvould, of course, be no guarantee as to the minimum of Gd and 8d, which was tbe main point in the dispute of last ycir. Nevertheless, a sufficient safeguard for this yvould be found in the directors promising to officially recognise and ileal only with the union, and though it is thought that many of the men yvould object to the dTopping of the guarantee, yet tho best men and those yvho h ive most influence among their f-lloivs yvould regard this as a quite unjustifiable admission of incompetence. Should this scheme come into effect, as there is every probability it will in course of a little time, it should prove a valuable object lo-son in the organisation of labor. This, says Ourlyle. is "the universal vital prob'em of the yvorid," a distinct advance t-yvaras a co- operative common wealth, yvhich Mr. Tom Mann has confessed to as his ideal, besides being if successful a complete justifica tion of the noyv unionism. sl-an while, also, General Booth, tho head of the Salvation Army, is formulating a scheme on a still yvid-r hnsis. It is so hold in its nature, so comprehensive in its bearings alike upon labor and tho social condition of Ibe masses, that it ib likely when put before the public to attract a deal of notice. This is all the. more probable since, although primarily a Salvation Army scheme, the iiiiention is that it shall apply gone- rallv in nil quaitors and to every class whom it may bo capable of benefiting. Mr. Henry George, in a recent con erence yvith General Booth, was made acquainted yvith the details of the undertaking an far as they hare been worked out. Tlio author of " Progress and Poverty" is understood to have expressed him self greatlr pleased yvith the scheme. What aro these proposals? General Booth means to put Ibem b-foro the yvorld in a book anon yvhich he is just now engaged, aud which he hopes to publish toyy-artls the end of October. Meantime it is only possible 10 indicate the nature of the General's scheme in the very roughest outline. Its object is to benefit unemployed labor aud alieviate poverty by self effort at the outset ill London— aftenvards, should tho venture prove successful, in other centra. In the first place tlio notion is to establish in London, in sc itience to the labor bureau, industrial houses yvhere the unemployed may find food and shelter for such yvork ns they can perform. Secondly, farms yvill be taken in the country, to yvhich drafts yvill be made from tho London houses. Model villages yvill bo established on those farms and tracts of lands, the principle of tbe community being self-help and co-opera tion. Thirdly, small colonies will be plan-cd in agricultural districts in Canada, South Africa, Australia or Noyv Zealand, as the case may be, aud thence batches yvill be sent from urban and rural centres of the movement nt home. Such aro the three main points in the scheme, but as for tho details it can only he said notv that they are innumerable. General Booth's belief is, of course, that with three arms 10 grip the unemployed, the suffer ing, tho debased, nnd for that matter tho criminal, he may hope to have some ffoct upon the chronic povertr of London nnd our othor big cities. For instance, if it was impossible to reclaim a yvnstrel in tho London homos he could be sent to the country or given a chanre in tho colonial homos. Wherever men or women wero located they would work at the employment to which they had been trained and bo paid for return., care alivavs being taken not to undersell tbe market with the goods so produced. If a man had no skill in any special work, then he would be given unskilled labor, taught to weed turnip fields or collect the unconsidered trifle, which abound in dust heaps nt street corners. No matter how much of n yvreck a man might be physically and intellectually, calculation is that he conld do something for bis support, and this Is tbo keynote to tbo yvholo scheme. That the scheme conld not havo the ghost of a chance of success without public sympathy and assiatanco is evident, bnt tho idea of pauperism ns connected yvith it is rigorously tabooed. Its csseuco is co-operation of labor, skilled and un skilled, and its full scopo and meaning rvo shall learn from General Booth's book. 