' STOEIES FEOM THE HUSH. No. 1— TIIE OF-kD RIDER. Bt Wattle -Blossom . \\\e were staying at one of the mo?t pic turesque watering-places in this colony, and while on an excursion to one of the numerous lions of the locality, '-'foregathered" with two surveyors who had first seen the place in its primitive state, and who had, in fact, helped to survey its not yet very Well- developed roads. In the evening we strolled out' on the pier at that fittest of all times " Twixt the gloam ing and the murk," while the sea shone pale and mysterious beneath us. . It had been a roasting hot day : but now, with the breeze off the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sea-dew) . we felt cliilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, " This seaweed smell is sugges tive of ghosts." "Why?" asked someone. "Well," he said, "it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of water — salt water by preference — and dead bodies." "But there are no dead bodies about, are there ?" hastily inquired a lady.. " Not that I know of," said the surveyor, cheerfully,. " but let's take a scat and I will spin you a- yarn which illustrates the theory." We sat down, and he told ns a story, the details of which I've quite forgotten, except that it had something to do with a church yard by the sea, and was sufficiently impres sive at the time, besides -proving his theory to bis own satisfaction. But once start so fascinating a subject with surroundings so in accord, anditwillnotianguisli, but acquire momentum as far as it goes on, like the stone rolled from the hill. " I know a true story," said one of the ladies, "which had some connection with relations of my own." " That is a sufficient, guarantee," said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, " Ex cuse my smiling." But the lady, being en couraged to proceed, begau — "Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in the south of France. The midways were not so numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have all heard of the wrecic or the Garonne. She was crowded with passen gers going home for the summer. Myunclehad taken a cabin, but being a very kmd-liearted man gave it up at the last moment to an old gentleman whose life was despaired ot, and whose only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives ot my relations. Among the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad ror her health. Her mother in England, knowing she was With friends, and also believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, ielt no anxiety about her, but was looking forward eagerly to her return. On the night of the wreck Bhe was awakened by a sudden light in her room .and, looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. "Mother." she said, " the ship is a wreck, eveiy thing 18 lost, and I have saved only this, ' touchmgherrobe. " "What is it?" asked her, mother feebly. "ItlS the robe of Christ's righteouSueov,!A_ said the girl ; find gently tho vision faded away,, leaving the mother alone with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend came in great distress to break the news, the widow said, 1 ' I know it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that mv daughter is 'not dead hut gone before.' ' There was a pause. Tt bad grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions, I bave completely forgotten their names) knocked, the ashes out of his unroinuntic pipe, and said, quietly, " I will toll you what I once saw in Queensland." " "We wero camped' tar, very far, out iu tlio bosh, scores of miles from the nemeot out- stations. One night, as we sat rather late over the camp fire, we were staitled bj the clatter of a horse's hoofs m tho distance, as "it were gallopiiig madly. It came nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold of us. W e j uinped up, and tried to scatter the cmbera of our tire, but we were too late, and in another moment a horse galloped into the cucle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back; but why was he bending so low, as if in ironical salutation ? And why was his face of so strange a niier Dead! Yes, stone-dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved , for, though "after decently burying linn, we made many inouiries, neither at . a station, town ship, .nor bush shanty did we ever hear of -missing man and horse answering to the description of- those . two who took- that- ghastly ride together." .....-. After a while " That is nota ghost story, . said Surveyor Ho. 1. " It's a <fiio story, Re torted the other. Bat we were nil shuddering. The "murk" hacV taken the place of the " gloaming," and with, one accord we turned our backs on the sea, and went into the music and lights. 