MISCELLANEOUS READINGS. SIB WALTER SCOTT said that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. THE JOHNS OF HISTORY.—It is remarkable that many of the historical persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in their lives or in their deaths. England has had but a single King John, and he was one of the meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. John Baliol sometime King of Scotland, was just as poor spirited and contemptible. Of the twenty-three Popes John, three died in jail; two were murdured; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of the seven Emperors of the East (Constantinople) called John, one was poisoned; another blinded; a third was monarch in name only; and a fourth gave up the throne owing to his worries. Plenty of other instances could be quoted to show that this name, in connection with royal power, has been singularly unhappy for many of the wearers of it. EFFECT OF A WELL-TO rj) TALE ON A CHILD'S SENSIBILITIES.—Nothing appeals so strongly to the imagination, the sensibilities, the moral nature of a child, as a well- told tale. They rebel against what is commonly called "preaching," but the greatest rebel of them all win yield to the softening influences of a tale that carries its lessons with it. Is not that enough? But the story does more. It broadens their their relations -fritti others, and planes down the rough. piaCes that w6uld fill their lives with friction. This much it does to them morally. A young mind must have recreation as well as a young body. The story brightens and refreshes it, brushes away the cobwebs that will gather even at a tender age, and fits it to return with new vigour to its more serious work. More than that, it adds to the child's information by acquainting him or her with certain phases of life, with manners and customs that are not taught by ffiere history. By all means, then, let the cliiidren read stories. IN THE TWENTIETH CENTUBT.—In the home, the cooking stove and kitchen maid are no more. Clothes-making, soap-making, starch-making, laundry work, coffee- browning, yeast-making, butter-making—all are gone. _ Send after them—or rather say that organised industry is already taking along with these—the remaining work of cooking and cleaning. This state of things is coming as sure as fate, and when it comes the deliverance will be so great that generations yet unborn shall rise up to bless the workings of this beneficient law. The city of the future will not build houses in squares, giving to every house an individual kitchen and prison-like back yard. It will rather build them all around an Opett square, and the part now disfigured with the kitchen Will be given over for a household sitting-room or nursery, opening into a great, green Space, where children shall play in safety and through which the free air of heaven shall blow into the houses surrounding it. In every square will.be found a scientifically constructed building containing a laundry and a great kitchen, supplied with every modern appliance for skilled and scientific cookery, and also for sending into every dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. The individuality of the home and the home table will be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all be banished. THE BABYLONIAN HOUR.—Why are our hours and minutes divided into sixty parts ? Simply and solely because in Babylon there existed, by the side of the decimal system of notation, another system, the sexagesimal, which counted by sixties. Why that number should have been chosen is dear enough, and it speaks well for the practical sense of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no number which has so many divisors as sixty. The Babylonian way or reckoning time was carried along on the quiet stream of traditional knowledge through the middle ages, and, strange to say, it sailed down safely over the Niagara of the French Revolution. For the French, when revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and subjecting all to the decimal system of reckoning, were induced by some unexplained motive to respect our clocks and watches, and allowed our dials to remain sexagesimal— that is, Babylonian, each hour consisting of sixty minutes. Here you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how what we call knowledge is the result of an unbroken tradition of a teaching descending from father to son. SAFETY IS CONSULTED.—The lift, or elevator, in German houses is not displayed ostentatiously. It is behind iron doors, to be detected only by inspection, and is moved by clanking chains. The deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing characteristic. You stand in the great hall of the hotel and silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of time. Presently, from the unknown interior, iron doors fly open, and a soldierlylooking servant, with brass buttons on his cap, preoccupied with his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty. The doors clang as they swing, and the lift is there, rather primitive, but elaborate in construction. Perhaps there may be five assengers ready to get aboard. When four ave taken positions, the master of the elevator waves the fifth backward with the awful air of authority, and, if the rejected one is an American urgent to go up at once, he is told peremptorily that there are ilaces " only for four." The iron doors are ianged, the engines heave, and the massive machine moves. Safety is consulted I Here is a masterly mechanism that might swing a pair of elephants of the size of Jumbo, but an attempt to lift at once more than four persons would be regarded as an affront to the empire. The thing's iinpos' sible. CABE OF THE FINGEB NAILS.—If carefully attended to, the delicate half moon of the finger nail will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, will grow to be very beautiful. Many people think that pushing the skin back from the nail will show it more, and by this practice the delicate hem, as we call it, which holds the upper and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and the ends of the fingers have an ugly, yellow growth encircling the nail instead of the delicate framework which nature intended. Then the way in which the nail is cut can totally change the shape of the fingers. By cutting the nails close at the sides and keeping the corners from. adhering to the skin, hang-nails can be avoided. Where the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary, and the nails should never be polished except when some oily substance is used beside the powder. This keeps the nails more pliable, and no matter how thin they are, if properly-treated, they are no more liable to break than richer ones. Another thing that is bad for the nails is polishing them too roughly, They should be lightly touched and not rubbed until they become heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on the nail and marring its beauty. LIFE IN LABBADOB.—The number of stockings worn by the people is often astounding. Four, five, and sometimes a half dozen are used inside their sealskin boots. There is nothing striking about the dress of the few white women save that they remind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts of the women of Irish Connemara. But the Indian women of the south and the Eskimo women of the north are wonderfully ap parelled. Anything they can get their hands upon possessing gorgeous colour is used for decoration. They almost equal American women in this respect. Perhaps this is more noticeable among the women of the St. Lawrence coast than with the northern Eskimos. The dress of the latter usually consists of huge 6eal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering the whole person from the neck to the knees, trimmed with white fur, a cap enveloping the entire head, and a sort of baggy cape or hood hanging down the back, in which their fat little babies, are carried. Only among the half-breed women are there forms and faces that are as attrctive as civilized folk judge these things. The compensation is here, however; for nearly all Eskimo women will measure in girth what they will in height; and all forms of fat represent the Labradorian idea of both utility and beauty. 