JACK THE SWAG-MAN TALE OF ECHUNGA. (By Wirrabara.) ( Continued .) Bill came partly down the slope to where it dipped to the creek. " What's up now" he cried in a lotnl tone. "Who is it ? What the herrings are you doing here," and then suddenly altering his tone " Curse yon, I'd had all that gold by this time if it hadn't been for you, and how the blank flood's come down." " What the deuce are you growling there for man" exclaimed Jack angr'ly "can't you "see I am not able to move. Lend me a band." The man swore a great oath "I won't" he hissed" ami crouching down to reach them. " Ymi've always spoiled my little game Gentle man Jack and now I'll pay you out for it. Take that" and lying on his side the villain stretched down his foot and ground the heavy hob nails across Jack's hand that grasped the wattle. " You infernal hound" yelled the infuriated Jack and then with one tremendous effort ho laid Mabel's almost inanimate. Form on a kind of niche that fortunately lay just above, and as he laid her there knew not that with the sudden wrench she had fainted again. In another instar t lie would have collared tile murderous Bill, but that worthy i-i reaching down to attack them had got on ticklish ground and in attempting to rise his foot s ipped, he rolled. and fell, and in. falliug struck fqirajgamSt " Jack and the next moment the two men were tumbling in the water like two casks. This was nothing to Jack and he speedily recovered himself aud struck out diagonally down stream to reach the bank, and in doing so collided with the' rapidly drowning Bill. "Ah y'ju villihu" thought -Jack ' it would serve you right to let yon drown. Come here" and he tried to raise him on his shoulder, and then Bill's affectionate nature was beantifully illustrated, for he seized hold of his preserver with a most fond embrace but which was not reciprocated " Let go" shouted Jack " by jnve I'll let you go if yon don't" and upon Bill obey ing directions he speedily landed hiin aud him- 3 df amongst some wattles further down. Palling the now stupid Bill out of the water of which that young man hai never drnnk so much at . oue time since he first took to ging to the town ship Saturday evenings ; our hero rushed wildly up to where he had left Mab, and almost cried with"joy to see the white form lying' there so still and quiet. "It- was a -good- job she did faint this trip" he soliloquised" and after another hard struggle safely reached the track. Here Bili came to him dripping and miserable and : whining. " O for God's sake forgive me Mr. Whillas. I'll never do it again. I was mad' sir. , I never, intended to pitch yon in the creek. Don't say anything about it and you can have- all the gold." Jack suddenly cut him short. "Look here can you ran." "Run sir, I: — " - " Well go as fast as your legs can carry you to Mr. Trenoweth and tell, him to come at once with the bnggy. Tell him there's an accident but don't stop to explain till you are up in the buggy, D'ye understand. Nbw off or by the holy- oakum smoke I'll send you to the Stockade for this night's work." _ Well there is a saying "give the devil his due," and so let us give Bill his deserts. He was told to run. He did ran, and so well, that when he had knocked Mr. Trenoweth up that gentleman had to wait five minutes before his extraordinary visitor could get the worJ ac mlent nut. And of course he let out that it was Miss Mabel, and Mr. and Mrs. Trenoweth now'' thoroughly alarmed actually went to he - bed room to see if she were there. They could make nothing of Bill ; gold and ghosts, and floods and . Jack and Mabel, murder, and saved from drown ing were all mixed up in such a manner that had they not the convincing fact of Mab's dis appearance the old people would scarcely have known what to do. Speedily, however, the horse was put in the buggy -aud they started for the rescue. Jack held Mabel in his arms, and for the brief twenty minutes or so that Bill was away 1 enjoyed a very sweet time, for Mab would insist that she was not in pain and seemed quite con tent as long as Jack told her of his love. But not much was said and Jack gave a long sigh of relief when he heard the wheels of the bug sy and a still greater sigh when poor Mab was laid on her bed and her weeping mother was attend ing her while Jack himself hurried for the doctor. The doctor's report was as favorable as they had dare 1 to hope. The ankle was broken but these would quickly join again and no danger need be apprehended. Bill did better over the gold than lie deserved. For when the flood went back as it did within a day or two Bill was taken on again and the three men started to work i 1 the gully. There have been some rich, . finds' in the Echunga district, but the (ju»on Mab' claim ha3 turned out the richest. M . Tren- oweth's harvest was taken off almost without his superintendence that year for he was con stantly in the gully and often enough working like the rest, and so great was the sensation that the find caused that quite a gold fever , i-aged arouud, and a great deal of digging was done and an enormous quantity of dirt washed with very little results, simply because it takes » a ' Queen Mab' to find a Quefen Mab claim. The true state of affairs bebwe- n Jack and Mabel was soon made known to the old people and Mrs. Trenoweth showed her faith in Jack and her contempt for Mr. Bellingham's opinions by giving him a motherly kiss and telling him she was very glad, while Mr. Trenoweth ex pressed his delight in a more demonstrative fashion by almost wringing his hands off. Jack's conduct on the eventful night had been faith fully described by the penitent Bill, aud the old couple were proportionally proud of their future son-in-law. Mab had to keep her bed for some time, but one thing she insisted on from the first, viz : — "that half the gold at least should be Jack's to do what he pleased with," which hard condi tion Mr. Trenoweth most agreeably acquiesced in seeing that his share only amounted to £3,500. Mr. Bellingham was sitting in his room at the Bank. It was very warm inside, and as it was nearly noon he began to thiuk of his lunch aud icerl wine with considerable relish. A card was handed in. He read it Mr. John Whillas. " Confound the fellow's impudence" exclaimed Mr. Bellingham. " Tell him I am engaged and caunot see him," "But he says he has just arrived from Eng land, sir, aud wishes to see you particularly." "Just arrived froin England" echoed Mr. Bellingham looking aghas " oh b sh, the fellow has been in the colony twelve mouths." " I don't know about that, sir" said the , messenger looking puzzled "but he is very ianxious to see you." "O I cannot be bothered. Tell him lam busily engaged." To be Continued. 