Fiovelist. _ MOIRA. Aq OriIglqd Astra~ian'Stoy. CHAPTER IV. Ma. SBatnirs T -r'.. * A merry rogue, sirs, with a quip and jest , or all; Yet shall he, when need calls, be as merciless as Pate." As the squatter opened the door, his glance fall upon the person of a mall, who half sat, half lay upon one of the costly couches in the room. He was a mant, considerably over six feet high, lean, and angular, with an aspect generally of one who h 's, oip peried of his life, been subjected tosg.le. dislocation of his limbs. His hl ai, curiously small, and round as a cric*t . HIs eyes were small, black and penqIIg.+ He had a snob nose, a broad forehei, iry large ears, and a month that migigt.'avt terrified a boarding.house landlady .,4t q.d her wits. His feet and hands w ?abnqgi ?ally large, and had a general appt nee, , gea, belonging to the wearer, but ani a'aving been hired for the occasion. His age. might have been thirty or forty, or even 'fifty; for he Swas one of those who defy the marks of time. He was dressed ins a long brown coat, check pantaloons, and white waistcoat. Altogether a sort 6f person one would turn to look after, and certainly one that any properly constituted schoolboy would be tempted to guy. Mr. lat ford _.ootgaring at this person for r-in for the visitor:, ret llhis .aq (tri's crutitty, a m lighy T b isnlackh leaot ae eyes, indl thatn deried l,ome pmsement fronts I Dam &d;', .uvidogp pe ity Atrebt t lattyr spo " u u d e g eeo ng e your cay. h ,d l ea nqum l of having ,rl" $ '" llia the other. BDilly, my son, you have a precious bad memory. What, don't remember te ? Don't remember the lanky Cockney, ch.? Why, your memory's moot ungrateful, Billy. Who was it, my chummy, may I ask, as concealed a wery convenient file in a chunk of 'cead as Swas rationed to you at Port -" "'Hush, hash," gusped the 'sqiatter, sinking into a chair. ' Don't speak so 'loud; don't speak at all. - Let me think for flee minutes." " Cert'ly, Billy," said the visitor airily. "You're in your own house, you kn eeVve, minutes. Take forty bloomin'00 $tl I tell you what old friend and fellow pitcher, if you don't mind, 'while you're doing the thinkin' I'll do a little drinkiu'. ' A worryin' of brains called thinkin', Is folly, boys-let's stick to drinkin.' Hal ha I' One of our old. club songs, Billy when I was a young and innocent kiddy, the 'ope of poor but honest parents,'and the con solation of a haged grandmother, as was •popularly supposed to have a pot of money -onsg pmsang, as the French say. She lived on her reputation, and only discovered her. In , g ~lari, r rrC hu l' } Fe cueed of pother. was a clvrer wyup -*a re lver *omop.t But toph hb bell, J old ,-mmy, ,nad let us'loqk gongotheas vineassi red. I 'Al ooa irak.ontgted. W1g no,,sqein' that after many years I'm come across a man as I always loved as a brother. Oh, yes-I'm a man of great breadth of natural affection, Billy. Ring the bell, old man, and let me taste the quality of your cellar." The squatter mechanically obeyed, and a servant was ordered to bring refreshments These consisted of a variety of wines, all of which the stranger put aside. "There's only one drink for i gentleman Billy,".said he. " Only one. Wasn't it old Dr. Johnson as said: ' Claret for boys, port for men, and brandy for heros.' I should like to. have "known the author of that sentimenit. I agree with it, ocj l oc aý• d barrel. Brandy for bher?|l " "eas good brandy this is, old comrade. ? to you." The squatter raised his haggard face, and. looked hard at this free and'easy fellow. At last lhe said- " , ",- ,' Of course I know why you have hunted '.",me down."-:I:1 . r ?:. .,: ;' "Oh, Billy "- and the stranger. raised a' Iong, lean band deprecatingly.'" Why weill you be no cusse 'candid ." "It is bes to beho so,' aidtheother. Now, let as drive the nail home. What are your terms ? " " Tbmcatsasctljck;i rs.qcgld~lo th@ music of some humorous thought as .he listened , to the squatter's a orts words uttered in a voice which seemed to echo despair and utter hopelessness. " Look here, Billy," said the man, "before we enter upon discussion of this here delicate * subject, it's only right and proper ai I should introduce myself." . ' . Then the man arose anid raising his body to .its full height, with the result that tha large mirror over the mantle shelf reflected eso much of his personality as extended from his throat to his waist, he said : " Mr. Damford, allow me, as an intimate friend - and' lovin' . adiinrer! of the long Cockney, also of No. '407,'otlheiwise knowen. as Billy; to introduce Mr. Septlimus Trill, gentleman.whose only -drawback it.ilife has 'beist that he never had any' other future but ''brains. Now," proceeded the .matn,'. 'ou 'twig, Billy, my names Mr. Septimus Trill, just as yours i Mr. William Daumford. When' ? ou was Lmaried, Billy ,it i Vlhm r Thu squattecloaped l te hife tn co"nvulsed w gc. '- ? "tBacal! " he began. Then,'as he marked the mocking light itn Mr. TrilPs face, he fell hack in his chair, and, covering his face with .his hands, groaned aloud. The mouth pos. a essed by Mr. Trill, was stretched to its full extent, as he regarded the agony of therich S"Troubled, eh ?" said he, "well, no doubt, you never reckoned on this. But, Dilly, I aint goin' to worry you, my son. Not by a S long chalk. You ask me mty terms.. That sint a very delicate way, of puttit' of it. ' f Howsoever, I can undeistand'yeour feelings. It haven't the least doubt that if it was in SLyour power,. Billy, you'd strike me dead. S And I' shouldn't blame you,., old comrade~ Itd be natural enough. But seems as yoen asilst got the whip hand over me, arid I have got it rover you: 'Why,"dear boy, the best way is to take s itt 'eas. I aint goin' to e uonreasunable. I don't uask you for no thousands of pounds, like the coves is the story books as have got the comether over s big lords, and the like. Not L But I've a yearning, Billy, for respectable society. I want to get rid o' the uncomfortable feeling that these here admirably proportioned limbs was at one time on familiar terms with fetters. I perceive that yeg have got rid o' that there unpleasant reminiscence, and I want to do no likewise. Billy, you must take me into your family. You must adopt me, Billy. You must give me a share o' that exuberance of affection for which you waa ever noted. Yes, Billy, you must take me to your buzzum." With this, Mr. Septimus Trill dropped into an arm chair as though he had touched a spring, which had let loose the joints of his back bone, and filling another tumbler with brandy and water, drunk it off with immense satisfaction, and announced that all things considered, life wasn't such a bad matter after all. As for the squatter, he sat dazed, be. .wilderetl .confounped, by t st~lke, of rtuno. .! :i bgpig age wts its is heast, h4r the hul e 4 . uaswh trapped a?i fgdl, sm no elshaetl of eape, and would'glasrg forfet anything could he have his willt w hate upon hiM who has delatedl him. TIIE'TEB ERV. Tur. Staries " Two-each distinct, yet each one of the other; Twain, yet one in love and tenderness." -Tie TIeuns. It is probable that no more wretched man existed than Mr. Damford, for the first ten minutes following Mr. Septimus Tril's pro position. All the money pride of the man was brought Rot~4~lnsace, autd ,,. cge and ilguish withawkllkh realised that be.could not, with sifotl _Z e e?his e ealts tt kick his visitor outTofithe ~luse, wa s omethings pathetic in tim oplectsacle of a man, orqwomaan,a caged, so to spleak by at haltauintiger; trappeg, with never an outlet of escape'; compelled tol ster without power of" resistance. To' nerous ind t picture i always pia et Mr. Septins'T rill's mind was.notp generous cast, and;he edijoed tki 'posfi with all the rest of one to swhom the suffer. ngs of others are welcome amusement. Even as he sat before this rascal, the squatter realised how infinitely superlor even he was to such a wretch, and perhaps arose so to speak,. to .a first comprehension of his real nature. Humbled as he ,was,- before this misereble reptile, he was consoled by the qitick reflection of his own moral superiority. But this consolation was of short duration. lHe recognised that Mr. Trill was master of tý shtuation ans'that?i we?r as ata eeo wit V a st g,,,.?,,,nagai nt" ,i,, g.. ?A?,, so, even us the wild 'beasts "In'ttho jung ' might watch each other for an advantage of attack, these two men sat and watched.eoadi other. ' " Yes, Billy," said Mr. Trill, "those are my terms, as you-vulgarly put it. - You are vulgar, Billy-you always was, you know, even among the society'at Port Arthur ahem I" And Mr. Trill winked facetiously, as the unfortunate squatter shuddered. " But come, old man, I don't want to rake up old times. Only treht me honorably and Ill bie fair and easy. But if" - andt Mr. Trill's little isbckeye ls gverielthfi s i Bei='. " if I ctch'yop even thinkie of peilinyuur old friend nd" r ther pitcher,lnok: o t, mj buck~r lemons." t a't: k v, j ".Wt6atdo'you wish'," siked l~ auesora: a wearly: " ' rd aw^' ris? ? V .u ar. "Introduction to societyt .my cheerful friend," responded Mr. Trill.. The world's mine oyster you see, and I sant to iget on a real rich bed, you twig, where every bivalve a owns a pearl, my kiddy.: Tovig." The squatter absolutely groaned. :.. "Now," pursued Mr. Trill with an inljured air, one 'd think I was asking'a little too much. Bless us all--why t I was a greedy. sort o' fellow, a avaricious sort of chap, I should comea down on you for It fat cheque. But I ain't anything so low and vulgar. My ambition, dear fBilly, is to move in the upper circle. They tel me that,you do .so. Jnf?e?mr,.,e "'-our ilec ,friend-'rosr., particuir gnas friend-rch' si'why bless sais,la new idea strikes me. Introduce me as a suitor for one of your daughters. I don't care which."' SRasca.l I" cried the goaded q?uatter, as he sprang ..to his feet. "IRascal, understaid mel IIf you sant money, name ,your stn. Buta will suffer any shame, any misery?t!" S"Billy !" said Mr. Trill, "you never serve?, your tine; my son. I did. Would you like to go back to the coal pits, my sweet friend? Would you like again to have that aristo cirtic back inspected byDr. Seecombe? Would you like again to come up before John Price orrCaptain Champ ?? Oh,.yesiyound would, very much. Hascal I when'w I- well you have got a cheek, Billy I': The squattler groaned: . "The rending of the eperrit, Billy" said Mr. TTrill, with a humorous chuckle. " inat cheer up for Chatham, oldt man. Bless you, I Iin't going to be hard. You shall find me as meek as a dove, if ,you treat me fair-but also antd likewise, you'll discover me as fierce as.a tiger if you don't. onor is all-I ask A bitter smile rested foua moment on the asqiatter's face, not unobserved lby Mr Trill. !", Ol, you, ,tiny osmile old pal,"; said: th?t ge?tlemat!, "but I mean , b t t say. T:here is, auch a thing as heonor, nmongst tlieves, you know,- and, in old tinieb, wre .was in that litri,f fa. But, ho'wever, -I, I n thInkKI'lt dine s ith yoti to-day? Billy. Doe't make :an= extra preparations, yoei know. Clear soup, an bit of fise, assd a joint and estree will sunit forr'dj?r.sideprived as of. leturious appe eetes~: idssi~t r~ tlll f usias verj whole some, thosgis no msely teot like theuonotonay of its appearance day a day dayi ou the festive board." "IyL good fellows.e'" cried the sq,,atterI hysterically, "shat is very good sit for the .Penetentliary, is very vulgar coarseness in decenet society. If' you Want me to help yon along, you must try nd.polisha up Iyour manners a bit." Mr. Trill aursat nt laughing. un he said, as he arose and buttoued up hls 'coat "'Correct, my soni I must put on thu ven*acr and Iidde the common elay Doutl fear for use. Whica I tunst'salt this Evoeing, a sat eeveal-eh ?I" ' . = -The sqnatter nslded. .:" :; ? :'?!?+'::. " You'll find me a very quiet, presentable S rseon, rather reserved, and very careful to oI observe the proprictles.: en '''' SVery god," said. bMtr. Danmfourd; takinug ano notice of Mr. Trill'shanud, "you will ?e wo selcomed.'' "Let n hope so," s face rew sponsave, as she shak e compellon t attention of her father The main's manner had entirely changed. There wacs an atr resolutions andi power about bl him which impressed theosquatter. its " don't mean "tteraces. you, Damord, s saiMrap. Trllr,"ut Ie may be that odious g yant ,". Money I have eno?gl of, for ther lifg want, for I have a dea that if once I get my foot on the ladder, I shall go op faot, Ah I there are your charming daughters, A pretty pictndeare, saihe sad M, Trill " a Wssing. Mr. Pray don't make a furious, Don't getam nout of temper, old friend. I ,told you jutd now that I know how to behave myself.' The 1' des now. Give me thohose shall have no reason to live, comp~lain of any disrespect at my hands, And a Stltra, dear, dor't look ,pso sared. il.e, Captandoor, Lameven walkedi?l with hius jrtlleil of tkeyays~ue. As they passed F 'ie , so dloo t d ok at h otherl , and smiled... ,?mna,"sl Las~tira, "+'what 6'gath I camont that , Olivm e ? " said La ' athalf so mueh as he admlire his own! the p erson," was the laughing answer. Sliketh e t youth li ancient tradition, " 4 m' e 'tts ý s.saclsooo chip. otewsrds,". I criedathe ente, a isho always emell. as it f eein love with me, of toasted cheese"ctl in the The y ounger lreaughed, t is certain ter any role, that he is not a gentleman. can. not nderstand what the horld ls and good matchae in comumotn., See how earnestly they converse; at ar fther favors his pretension." roprly named, inamma t Pretensions, T W elderl, If hace nge gravety with noticed the co rellol attention ofhnot fathevor elds poit,,:'Mr. Darnfford entered the to the trger'was u stan d sullen look, in ce whigh im'med th hud?_tt some o"Pehp, ear, he may e thtnat oin dious "*nletooaIssº't1d t,awrb, ehý a aetold, Isc " r'ot . has Avodd use u nyh i't ma e to him fear ouch ait serhoare. h t look lase at' I om spration from his facw It he is one to S"!am uinder obllgatlon. .1 have asked tow inner tk day. Pleas be as graciousr. ueson. He is noth gentpleman, but-"A c "Irs nothing, de" saidhe sawife, "tea snderly, spsay Prany dnore. Of courfse, we shallm ettsed to r. Give me this person as youlive And Laura, deny, don't look n o 'scared. emerlse e it the rpttLoo dm. -s n. "larea," said Laura;' as they pon'serthd to Capctain Lanoont to me ? "Well; dear,'he issmirs yoo" ' "otn apartments, "manys he a true word is n dainty person," wvas the Ilagghing answer. HtIs like the youth so ancientl tradition, whoelin lovet. iths is nthe sretletlon in the stream." Mrs Dmfol regarded heVI ;rdaughter .enderly. " s wAhat though you wa god matcrderh" Lurear or faiherw positions pretewhsichonmu be." odious to an honest man than that nv"Properly named, mcessity of playretening the to ghost you detest. But it is onae of iirsdoef 'our bted civilWell, I have io sathy wi that 'pretenders, and I certainly, shall not favor Aot tiso pthin,,g cannot be esnford oer ath rooma the penit'was a is social loss to thosein his face, ot play the hand te lodite tht itue eter dotto e tell the ot aruth in oor hdaily trourle with each other. We dre bound "Girls, and dear wile," aitsad, Misini5Mro. Dansfard's mijnd to his lips, 77yI 4have, to ash aa avoifrond scrap man clled shake hands and mornin our pleas ure in meeting dozens of hom we conially dhslikepr oee ded sipise, ,- ldote like" to us. : As a slpecies' of oldw favor-i short"'id kbmg"orto sooner hairzouridefar tho perpiousn frceo this face, "he iyste one to whom Iam nder olitatioto I have ased on him dinner to hh utterly di as gracious the s y o f.hn. fisder of .Chgentlemanty and rolues, between the ncessities . of lton:aitrd t he aforesaid te?.'hings?., Wr r Damford reflected' somewhat after "Dear William" he said thio his wife, hederly, don y tl aesy sore Ofor t he rest of hall i leitsed wts rec merel t, that he feareds you wish." The ioft the room.hat e n " Olive," said Laura, as lheylpassed tlo tir-that a exposu, wo"dan intruvordlve his to "tconvictism. "As Mr.- Septimus soarked n jest hishad isot served inis time. a like Nt i a trap, a ry," he l, "attd see in .way of e~scape nnleiss," dal withoug h igh, "some luckrder, hothd rid s Se of th fellw. Heies There si feothr, why not atshic o'e.' loked ?up quickly, but he had turned ckupon her, trid was gazing forth from ore odiouS he did noot se :, how thatrd andt whi~ch hi, volva tho snecessity of playintg the host to a gusbandt fae looked. But it withe of th lon trdof a woman an'd ai loving wife, sethis sort of omething of his thoughtsed, whorl laeed reflected somewhat in his veryi a e, which was th at of a manloss to whose who some desplerate hpocrdeedhad occurreds, it: aod nse, and goingr do to tll thim put her armsily intertoorse weith ecr other. We aire houned to ohis aneck, aad kisse and shake hnderls, and protest our pleasure- in ,mceting doocins of ei r Husbnd," ? ee rsaid, don't yeahllis "or backbitfing; fie sso soon~er havoj'onr leair} frindca.+tsruisd to460 bkIs oni tom thiin ye heginughts; all wil thcomer 'werltl Kerp Oh, li eart. This man careth otis be without of nors;,stleti Is ostentlatioslyT . hased on t Chriotianily, houts'hich utterly disregards the teschtigs of the fonsder ofnChrs? tlamityo ansd comi'reniseshbeistcon the necessities of i ctvilizmtionait,d the aforesaid ten~ssa I'eor Mr. Ilamforil celleeled somewhat after this ras,aner :As' ho said to his wsife, he ..,...t'".pla t-rhisoero for the rest ofhi to .thh,?k ?r the vary terms he made with you, that he is not to be -so much feared." "Terms, Mary," cried the squatter, "why bless me, that is the worst of it. I wouldn't have minded peasioning the fellow off. But tahbavs-him hanging on to me wherever I go, .sticking to me like a limpet to a rock, will be real torture. 's too, who stand as I well with His Exalleecy, and the belt rset. By heavens ! the thought is maddening." M ?rs..Damford smiled wistfully. "My dear," sbheiead, "I.-place no value upon our posittote1 Wbjr should ;we '.adt leave this country, an4 aeek peace and con tentment in 'some quiet spit l- Europe or Aieriea.' "By George,; I should. be very glad to I do so now. Bat d'yo think Mr. Trill would I permit me to move now. Don't you see l'sp bound hand asind fo~it to the fellow. He has some clever scheme in hand you may be sure, and is going to make me the puppit to dance to his piping."". ".Well, well, keep rtyour courage, dear. We have to face the dillculty. ,,. haven? fear as to the result." Me.uinwhile the girls had their discussion osr? the subject of MZr.'Trlll's advent. But their. I wildest conjectures did -not inpproach the truth. Indeed, how could they? The shame and harm which that truth ,contained couli not own to their pu6e and untainted minds. But withall1 the very vagueness of their goleses ' erv4 (? rcallt upi pictures w?ichl made them blusohsd sliuidder lHad'theli father even .c?oiglj.ed 'some' crime, whicrl this man held over him in terror? Sarely not, and yet ff not,,,why should he fear thic person, or unwillingly admit him to thei. society and hospitalities. With hushed voices they whislsied these thoughts to eacl other, nor did they cease until .their mail reminded them it was time to dress for dinm ner. + How they wished the disnml farce was over, ?, But to the surprise of all, the. amuazemeit) iudeed of Damford H-r. Septimuo. Trill! proved a most courteous and entertaling! guest. All the vulgarity of mariner of speech which, had distinguished him thht afternoon, had disappeared.,; He talked with1 sense and wit, modesty told some little stories of his travels (Damford was staggered here) behaved with the beist manner to the ladies, and put Captain Lament and 'two other gentlemen uat the table, quite into the shade. Hes was quick to rise and open the door for the ,ladil, ssh: if. the.obow, with which he saluted them was a little overdone it ,,as not bl. anfn ms a repeidio nlof his salutation,i.A lthei grqte.3 mford was 'Try this elaret, Mr. Trill,' said .he. "You will like it." ' " Thanks-yes, it is capital, and I flatter myself I am a 1it of a judge. You-re member Damford our old wine parties. We used to tap sonm good clarets then. Ahl, tho?edays-them sealad days- and Mr. Trill sighed regretfully: Captain Lamont act his eyeglass in position to regard the stranger. i' Have yoi`n b ceii in the armny sir," said he, with a dictational air. ... . "iRussian' hiryide-yes. -Saved is the] Cuncasus under uod Smolcnski Regular, martinet. Used -t$ flog the men like dogs. IRemarkably like a man- Isaw the other .day Price, I think, is his name. Bull.dog hbadt and face-strong ja?s, losed lips: Remark-1 ably likheei. * " r , s That's the very picture of John Price,; our controller of convits, "said aniother gentlec man. Poeor Damforewas'in 'agony. "Gentlemene' lie -said," if you've had enough swine, we'll join the ladies," and so the conversation rested . f It had gone far enougo, h owever, for Mr Diamford to realise that Mr. Septhnus Trill was disposed to the pastime of torture. "Th audacity of man appalled him. Ile to speak of Price in such a strain. ..Price Was known to rarely, forget a face, yet who had not remembered Damfords'. But would he re, remember Trill's ? The thought made hi9 shudder; for ifIs should happen that Trill's face, was recalled by Mr., Price, and ttlei association marked, would not this give 0 fillip to hisl memory, and recall him,DamtordJ as one of those who had +made the unmove able escape from Van Diemen's Land. These thoughts flashed througit his? ind as the gentlemen entered theadrawing. room, and Mr. Trill, in the easiest manneer imgthainble accepted a cup of coffee from the fair hanjdti of Olive Damford. T . Ose .Celituaed. 