THE INGLETHORPE MYS TERY. . ? -», ? . CHAPTEE XIX. L TEOOT3LED 8PIBIT. If I remember aright, I had not been in the di rection of Vale Cottage since that singular meeting I had there with the person wbo had since played so conspicuous a part in our thoughts, if not in our eyes, except twice, when I hod gone with Mr. Wamston through the vicinity, in hopes of tracing her from the point of her disappearance, but to-day I mechanically chose that road—led thither by tho chain of as sociation. Snow glistened on the distant fells, ine DBUKS OI ilitf liver were t/ituiou vaiu lua, though its central current atill rippled onwards towards the sea, as gaily as ever. It was sun set when 1 began my walk. Before I reached the house the pink flash wqg fading from the snow-clad wasteo ; one large star, praternatu rally bright, hung over the chimneys of the lonely house, shining through the flash of twi light ; grey shadows stretched ove? tho barran hillsides, and a cold steel-blue tinged tha iee that fringed the nver'a bank. How desolate the place looked, stripped oc ita sururaer garments ! I leased over tho gate, while the night ap proached, making a picture of how th» housa would hove appeared at this houi' had thafc which had happened not happened. It would have been g blaze of light, full of warmth and flowers and alive with two happy human creatures. It had been the intention of the young couple to go immediately to their new home, after the wed ding breakfast, nnd to begin their housekeeping with an entertainment to their nearest friends on Now Yeer'u Day. Instead of warmth and light, gay laughter and music, love, beauty, and happiness, there wao silence and desertion, oh, how appalling ! I could not beat1 the contrast between what was and what ehould hove boeu. Before returning to Inglethorpe I thought I would call upon the gardener's wife. Mrs. Boon, and inquire if che had any tidings of BesBie Donovan ; though I knew very well that if she hod she would have let me hea? them without waiting for a visit from me. I had grown chilly, leaning so long over the gate, after my rapid walk, and the jglow through the window of the gardener's little cottage looked inviting. I made my way thither as quickly as I could, and was soon knocking at the door. I had htard Mrs. Bcon singing har child to sleep aa I approached tho house ; but after I had knocked there was aiienee, yat no one angered the summon''. I knocked thrice, the last time rather im nerotively, for I was rather chilly, and did not like waiting so long, when I knew I must be haard. Afc this tho door wan opened a little way, very cautiously, Mrs. Boon peering out suspicious y. 'Lrws! Mi'. Harlowe, is ifc you?' throwing the door open. ' I bog your pardon fox? keeping you waiting. If I'd had any idea it was you, I shouldn't 'a (been so scared. But Boon's gone to the town, and I was* alone with the children, and when you knocked bo oharp and sudden, ray heart came sight rap to my mouth, I didn't like to Bee who 'fcwcp, Do come in, sir, and toke a chair by the fire and warm yourself. I'm really ashamed of myself for keeping you standing so long. How is all the family, sir P' 'About as usual, Mrs. Boon. So you are oowardly when yon are alone of an evening, are you P I've mistaken your character, then, I've given you credit for being one o£ tho strong minded women.' ' Well, the truth is,' oho said apologetically, ' I never did use to be afraid of anything, dead or alive. But since young Mr. William was took away so sudden I've been nervous and frightened like. I've never got over ths shock. I'll call right out, sometimes, in brond daylight, if any thing startles me, if it's only a door slamminr{. Boon langbs Et mo and scolds mo, but I can'fc help it.' ? Nobody's going to hurt yoy, because another had evil happen to him.' ' I know that as well as anybody. It'ti not because I've reason to bo afraid that I am. It's tho shock, you see. Tbere, there, Johnny, ba still will you? I rniei to go all over the plaee tho darkest night as ever waa, but now, really, I'm ashamed to tell you— I dursn't put my fuce out after dark.' ?I should thiuk sucii a chronic stats of fesr must indeed be unpleasant,' and I half smiled, through my ov?n melancholy, at the woman's anxious face. ' Unpleasant ! Yes, it just is unplaasanL Bat there's good reason for it/ 'You just acknowledged that; there wao no reason, that it was fancy, Mrs. Boon.' 'You're going to trip me up ovei? my own words, Mr. Harlowe. It was fancy, at first, jost nervousness ; hut lately, lately, oa I said, there's been things — -— ?' ' What things ?' 'I know you'll langh at me, sir; and you won't half believe me, neither ; so I think I'd batter act make a fool of myself before you. Bat if you, or any other living' person, had seen what I've sees, and hoard what I've henrd, then you'd know what I know, that's all.' She spoke with ouch evident earnestness, and I had hitherto felt so much respect for the sturdy strength and integrity of tho north countrywoman's character, that ray curiosity was somewhat aronaad. I thought it bent to let her quiot herself, however, before leading her to converse about tha subject upper most in her mind, and I saw that she atill trembled from the fright I had given her by my sudden knock at the door. ' How's tho place getting on since the winter weather set in ? I suppose your husband has kad the plants safely housed long ago. Has he been making changos in the grounds ? I suppose not, since the famiiy have go completely de serted the honse. I came out to- night to havs a look at it. This is the :23rd of December, do you remember ?' 'I have been thinkin' of ifc all day, Mi1. H«sr lowe.' ' It's terriblo to see the house, standing there in silence and darkness to-night. There seemed to me something ghostly about it, I eculd not endure it. Have you been through tho rooms lately ?' This last question I asked without any other object than to beop up the conyersstioa. She had started, and looked curiously at kne, whoD I casually used the figurative expression of ' ghostly,' and now she shook her head. ' I've not been through tho house, lately/ she said. I ought to go, Ij.know ; it wantti airin', and there's bedclothes and things in tho closet wants iookin' after.' 4 Then why do you not attend to it P' 1 That'o it,' ohe answered, looking mo unenbily in the face, 'What?' 'Well, sir, to tell you the truth, it'a my opinion, and I know, laugh as you may— — ' ' I haven't luughed,' Mrs. Boon. She arose, looked at her boy, now fast asleep in his cradle, went to tho window, drew a little white curtain across the low.ei1 half, resumed her chair, gioacod ntfound the room, and was opening her lips to speak when a slight rattling sound againot the panes of glass made her clasp her hands together and. utter a ery. 1 What on earth was that P' I did now kugh at her pale face, answering in some vexation — ' Ifc waa ths snow breaking from the eaves and slipping down against the window.' ?'Oh!' she exchiimed, drawing a long breath. ' You are provoked at mo, Mr, Harlowe. If you knew all you wouldn't be.' ' Well, tell me all at once, fchea, and let me judge.' Again ohe govo a cautions look around hsi\ ag if invisible gueato might hear and not relish her revelation, di'ew her chair a little nearer mine, and said impressively : { That house is haunted !' ' Is that all P' I asked, foaling q^i.te relieved^ for hoi.1 monnei1 had atat'fclei me in spite p£ my? nelf. 'It's onough.!' was the significant response. ? To tell you plainly, sir, Boon's as good as made up his mind to see Mr, Staunton aud give up his situation.' 1 Your husband !' is he so foolish, too P There are no such things as haunted houses, Mrs. Boon ; and to give up a permanent and excel* lent home like this, upon any ouch idle fancy, seems to mo very unwise.' 1 Goodnosa knows I liked fcae place,' oho cried, bursting into tea?o, ' and wo don't know what to turn to when we leave it. But I'm worn out with it— I can't stand it ao longer ! You see how unsettled I am now.' Unsettled enough, certainly, horn the usually composed and aelf-reliont women in whoso judg* ment I had placed considerable confidence. ' Yon haven't told me anything to prove your assertion. I don't believe in ghosts, I warn you ; but I'd like to hear your reasons for think ing that the house ig haunted.' ' I always rar.de fun of chosts rnvself, and ao did Boon, until this happened. He won't own that he believes in 'era now, except by saying that he'a ready to leave tho place, and he won't go into the house with me, even in broad day light, to 'tend to the roomo. So I know he's just as much scared as I am. And you know Boon's no coward with anything he can see os handle, and it'a no dingrocQ to anybody to be shy of unearthly things, I'm a bold woman myself, but I ain't ready to face ghost or bog gai'tn,' 'What mokes you think the house is haunted P ' ' Plenty of things/ ' Please mention a low. I'm a lawyer, yon know, and demand tho proofc.' ' I've seen a curious light hovering over the roof of the housa, of nights.' 'Did your husband noa it also?' 1 Yep, ha saw it, the night before last. He wouldn't believe me till he did see it, though, I've seen ifc seven or eight times myself.' 1 What was it like ?' ' Weil, deary me ! I'm sure I can'fc tell exactly what it was like, when I never ssw any thing of the kind bofore; I suppose it's like them doud lighta that's been seen over graves. It's more like a bright shadow than an actual light—you can seo through it Iik6 air. It wanders about the roof, and theu stops ove? one particular place. It would make your flesh creep fo see it, cir.' 'I should like, above all things, to aee it. Do you suppose, if we went out now5 we should be able to catch a glimpse of it P' ' It's too early ; leastways, I've never seen it so early in the evening. The first time, my baby was sick, and I got up in tho night to get him some drops, and as I looked out of the win dow, there was the light shining.' ' Iu that rJl that makes you think the house is haunted ?' 'No, air; we've heard things-— curious sound8 — even in the daytime.' ' What are the sounds like P' '1 couldn't explain 'em to you, sir, if I tried ever ao. They were not human sounds.' 6 Try and give me some idea of them.' _ ' They'd rioe and fall, rise and fell— not like singing, nor crying, aor talking — a land of wail ing music, only not like it, either—that is, not like anything I ever heard. It seems to come mostly from the breakfast-room, at tho bock oi the library. Boon and me followed ifc up one evening, We wont under the verandah, and put our ears to the shutters. We heard it pl∈ enongh ; and we wao so frightened that we've never been near tho house since. I doa'fc feel as if I ever could,' ' J thmk I kno\? what It was,' I said, half in clined to laugh. ' Tho doors or sashes have been left open in such a way as to make a draught. It is tho wind, singing through th© crevices of the deserted building. I myself havo heard the wind mako moat unearthly music under such circumstances.' ' 'lVasn'fc wind at all !' said tho gardener's wife, in an offended tone. ' Perhapa som3 persons have obtained access to the house that bavo no business there, They may deface tho furniture, or carry off articles of pgIuo. _ You really ought to look to it, Mrs. Boon ; it is part of you? duty.' ' There':) nobody got in— I'm certaiD of that. We've examined every door and window. There's not the least sign of any human being about tho premises, I tell you, Mv. Harlowe, it'a apevritH ; and no wonder, considering how poor Mr. William was took awayt' Sho said this solemnly, relapsing into moody fiilonce.' I felt quite convinced that the imaginations of the pair, already awed and oxcited by the murdor, had couverted some trifling atmospheric or oiher phenomena, or some combination of circumstances, easily explained when the key to them waa found, into the mjs-j tery of a haunted house. I was very sorry for two isasono ; first, that they thought of leaving, when I knew their departure would give trouble to Mr. Staunton, who had left entire charge o£ the place to them for some years, and at a time when ho was too much tried with heavier cores to be vexed with these small matters ; second, that the couple would be sure to spread the report through the neighbourhood, causing gossip and conjecture, and exciting a prurient interest which would throng the vicinity with idle wondorsaekers. So I said— ' I wish youj.1 husband was home to-night ; I rnuat cee him. It will not do for him to trouble Mr. Staunton at this tims by throwing up his situation, You would both of you bo sorry and ashamed of having done such a thing before many we 3kn wore over, I'm convinced. What do you any to my coming out hore to-morrow, and to our going through the house together ? If there io anything in it which oupht not to be, wo will turn it out. I will stay until you have aired tho house and looked at tho furniture 5 \ theu you can lock it up, and leave it for a few I dayo without the necessity of going through it,' 'Well, Mk1. Harlowe, if you're willing to do it, I ought to be ashamed to hang behind. I'll do it, of course, and be thankful to you ; for my conscience ain't be«m saay letting fchiags go on, as they have. I'm glad, indeed, that you hap pened to look in this evening.' ? And tell your husband, if you please, not to say anything obont thia mattes to other people. It will make it unpleasant foe Mr. Sfcauntou and his friends.' ? I did tell him not to. He ain'fc suid nothing yet, I'm sueo. It's the last thing we'd be willing to do, make any move trouble for them that has too much now, and that han alwcya been kind to us. Must you go, sir?1 ? Yes ; I'll aay good night, Mrs. Boon. You may expect me ia the morning c, little before noon. By the way, have you seen or heard any thing of Bessie Donovan P' 'Nothing whatever. She's kept clear enough of this place gince tkr.t day you found her here. So she's run away entirely, has she? Well, well, well— I never! I declare I turn these things over in my brain, some days, till my lie ad gets dizzy.' 'So does mine, and say heart sick. Good night, Mrs. Boon.' ? Good niplit, air ; I hope you will get home safe this dark night/ She waited to see mo through the gate, hold ing the light above her head to enable me to make my way ocfely into the rocd. As I pasood the gate that opened into the lawn in front of 'Vale cotrage, on my way home, I pnuood per haps half an hour, in hopec of heaving ot? seeing the marvels of which the woman had spoken. There was no mystic light, blue or yollow\ play ing lambently over the roof ; no sound, sinking and rising, came wildly oo the otarlit &ir; ; all was profound oilenco and darkneas and eoldneaa like that of the grave. My half-contemptuous pity of the state of mind into which tho gardener's wife hc,d_ worked hersel?, gave place to deeper emotions. I turned away, almost running along the smooth, hard frozen road whose course was clearly discernible in the winter starlight. I met tho gardiner going home, but I did not stop to apeak to him, I did not even return to Mr. Henderson's, but went directly to my lodging*). The lire was out in my room, and I crept into bed, forgetting that I had gone without my tea. (To be continued.) 