Ocean Reminiscences. Let me recall a trifling incident of my ship-board life, sn experience email and brief, indeed, but vividly freeh and of clearest and keenest outline in nsenkciy. We were on the Mozambique parallel**, well to tbe eastwards; the weather Lot, the sky cop perieh, end the Eea o£ a eallowiah blue, with a thick, slow flow of a swell as of the waltr was heavy and sluggish with oil; a weak breeze of wind blew off the port-quarters, with a sort of sting of heat in it, like the bite of the eon itself ; and the ehip under all studding-sails on that side went rolling for ward in a kind of loathing way, as though alive to the trucks with instinct; and I very well remember the slipping noise of the water as it fell from her bow like flinging bucketfuls of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon, when the thicknesE over the starboard bow JUd cut along the horizon there, and ■ showed the tea-lice clear to the edge of the ocean, wj?b a twisting and glancing of yel low fires in it from the sun, as though lines of molten brass wc-r6 slowly sinking in it. Tt was then that a sail was made out some three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap parently & large ship, showing to her courses with her mizzen-topmast gone, and the spanker-gaff naked, with some colors flying at it. As we slowly rose her she showed like p frigate upon tbe water, with her band of broken ports and her big wing of standing jib; and I heard :the captain tell tbe mate, after taking a locg view of her through a telescope, that he believfd she was such and such a ship, namiisg a well-known Indiarnan of those days. She was in distress, it was now gathered; for it seems that she carried a brace of signal halliards at- her gaff end, on one cf which was hcistcd the English ensign, j ick down, while cn the • other fluttered a row cf burning cut of Marryati's Code, tiptnfyipg that iliere was fcrious sick ness on board. I can see that ehip now as I saw her then; her canvas had ths whiteness cf * froth touched by moonshine; she rcsa and fell very mi>je=tic&15y, her ports bristling and fading as she leaned to the heave of the waters. By the aid of tbe gkss, which I furtively employed on tbe mate turning his back, I could distinctly rcfiiie cut the white quariei-bs&ts; twinging at hfr davit?, the gleamB off the glass of her large windows, tbe hurried shadowing of her sails, as tl ey swung in and out, and the flogs hovering in reds and whites and blues from the peak end. The helm of our ship was shifted for her, and we got her right under our flying jibboom end. There was not enough yawn in the foot cf the foresail to disclose her from the pocp ; and it being now four o'clock sndmy turn to quit the deck, I strolled for ward on to the forceastle to vratch the very noble picture on the sea line, that wes ren dered significant beyond expression by her appealing colors, and by the mutilation of i her abaft. A group of cur Jacks stood against one of the catheads, gazing too. I had not been looking above three minutes when one cf them exclaimed in a hoarse" voice: ■' What, the blazes ! Is that there muck a-drawirsg up around her, or 23 she a-dis solving ?" " The 4 Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't mates 1" taid a eecond men, in sub dued voice of mingled awe and astonish ment. " Watch her a-dying out1 Smite me, if morti&l; eyes ever see the iike of that afore." My gaze was upon ths ship as the men spoke ; and, sure enough, I observed her ta be elowJy melting out. not as though a fog were driving crwn upon her, but as a rain bow dies, the tints shining and fading and perishing. In a few moments all was blank eea where she had been. There was an expression of dismay an every wart-ridden, whiskered face I glanced at. The captain, the mate, and a number of passengers were moving and mopping like goblins over the brass rail at tbe break of the pocp in search o£ the amazing phantasm. It was. of course, a mirege; but it took all bands, from the skipper down to the cook's mate, gome time to realise it, so marvellous 1 had been the illusion, so substantial to the vision that rolling and stately fabric, no ex- | quieitely bad the painted mirrowing of bet, fitted the line of the sea. With some fancy j that the real object could not be far off, tbe captain continued to head is the direction in wl:ich the mirage had shone until darkness came when the ship was brought to her course afresh. A few day6 before we saikd i from Calcutta we got news of this phantom j vcsEel. She had been some leagues be!ow the j horizon on which her likeness was painted, | signalling for assistancetoanother ship s;ven or eight miles distant from her. Had the quality of the atmosphere remained as it was, by which I mean had the mirage lin gered a while longer, no doubt we ebouid have brought tbe simulacrum of the other vesEol into view. Thus it will be seen that ships as we:l as men have their ghosts. Tois rccille to me another incident, belonging, however, to no experiences of my own. It was the chief mate of this eatne ship from whose deck we sighted the mirage who told me the story. He was third mate of a very handsome clipper batque, bound to a New Zealand port. The captain of her was a tall, austere man, with a grizzly beard, and aaeje of tbe dead blackness of unpolished jst. Instead cf speaking of him as the " old man," his eailors called him " the monk." He was exceeaingiy reserved, eaid little or nothing sit table or on deck outside such in etrrciiot s as be bed to gi^e; yet, spite of his monastic or collegiate looks, which might have qualified him to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchentman's quarter-deck, be was an excellent sailor, and a man of considerable refinement of epeecb. Nothing particular occurred until tbelittle barque was drawing on to the equator, when it was observed that the captain grew rest less. He seemed unable to sleep; through out the night-watches he was incessantly arriving on deck, and for a whole half-hour &t; a time he would stand right in front of the binnacle, obscuring it to the eight of the man ut the wheel, and keeping his eye fixed upon the card with the lifeless air of a person acting in his sleep. At noon one day tbe lati tude was found to be about six miles north. There was a pleasant breeze blowing off the port beam, and the clipper keel was made by the log to be sliding through it at some seven miles in the hour. The captain, putting down his sextant, walked aft to the binnacle and stood before it, holding his watch in his hand. There was a light as of fever in the gaze he rooted upon the dial jlate. Sud denly he called to the second mate, who had charge: " Hands to the port braces. Get the yards trimmed for a westerly course. Down be low." Tbe little ship came round with the men rounding in upon tho braceB too astonished to sing out. The captain walked the deck chafing his hands and chuckling. " Kow, sir, we have it," he cried to the second mate. "Have what, eirf eabed the astounded officer. " The equator, sir," roared the captain. "The equator?" cried the mate, looking round him. " Yes, sir, true as a hair by the magnetic hearings—a fore and a aft line, sir. Keep to that course, d'ye hear. Kot an inch off to port or starboard, or quicker than you can say Jack liobineon I'll blow your brains out l" The second mate, glancing through the skylight, observed the chief officer in the cabin, end with a elight motion of his head summoned him on deck. The man arrived, with a face of wonder, gazing aloft and around, and not a little amazed to find tbe chip bound to the eastern American eea board instead of New Zealand. " This ia to be an achievement, sir," shouted tbe captain to bim, " that'll rank me foremost amongst the most famous men this centory has produced." The mEt ? viewed him with a stupid Icok of interrogation. "Sir." cried the captain, approaching him with an expression of ecstacy on hie singu lar countenance, " the keel of this barque will be the first that ever ploughed the line of the equator without a hair-breadth of de viation for 1000 miles at least; and mark you this," he cried, drawing himself erect, and extending his clenched fist at the mate, " if I catch the vessel's head off her course by the smallest fraction of a point, I will blow out the brains of the man who has charge of the deck at the time," He slipped hib breast that the two men might guess what ho concealed there, and, picking up his sextant, stalked below. The unfortunate creature went entirely out of his mind that night, and they had to pinion him to prevent him from destroying himself, or dealing death to the ehfp by firing her. Lie died within tbe week, raving mac, tot a little to the relief of the mate?, who could do nothing for bim beyond seeing him carefully watched. 