OUR MELBOURNE LADIES' LETTER. The laying of the memorial of the Trinity -Gollege-ítostelr^bythe'Countess of "Hope * "tour, was the elliot social event of the week. A platform had been erected in front of the building, and wjuicrowlcdJiyjusitorB w hen ' nrad^ssomulea for the" purposes' of show" ring of interest in, the affair, and seeing and being seen. A procession of lady and ' gentlemen graduates i and pudergiaduatoSiM of. the (Melbourne University preceded His Excellency to the dais, a processional ) hymn; being' sung by the choir of St. Markkas,visitors passed to their places. Tup Rev. Canon Potter conducted the religious portion of the , ceremony, and Dr. Leeper, the Warden of the College, read the report, and at the close Lady Hopetoun performed the laying of the memorial, say- ingrid using these building! now in course of construction, i the ('Janet Clarke Bmld lugs,',, and pray that! true religion and useful learning, may here, for ever! flourish and abound, stud deplore this stone to be well SP|l)truly,la1i,d,|irii the name of the Father and, of, the" Son, and of , the Holy Ghost.),iAtnun.'i, lAfteriu, hymn of praise and, poorly sung, His, Excellency and the Bishop of (Melbourne delivered short addresses ;, Sir, William Clarke made a short, humorous speech which was warmly i applauded | by, the, students. Then followed the mqvjj;ab.l&, votes, of thanks, and a very handsome,.silver,trowql, with carved ivory liau<l]e,,tliai gift, of Lady Clarke, was pre 8pntcd|to, Lady Hopetoun as a souvenir of the occasion. Tea in the College Hall teams n^tedit^ojjrjmcoediugs,, and) the goodly coin papy,AYhicl^ had assembled, to give public ox.pce$iorj,,¡ to (their sympathy with the higher education of, woman, took their do Parting along wjth,f;(ie butterflies of the sex who invariably, frequent all moods of fashion- able, rosprfe,,!// , at , ,, A] recent pleading event took, place at the grounds of the Old Colonists' Association, which si large number of guests assembled at the invitation of the President, Mr. Robert Anderson. His Excellency the Governor attended, by Lord, Rosehill,! A.D C" spout Italian, paper with the, party. There was an excellent band.pf/nusicip attendance, and a variety of outdoor games were indulged I in, tlio,8ppar,tlirowjug and, fire, lighting by a number of i aborigines proving highly interesting to visitors.' , ,,," ,, n i , < ,| i Admiral Lord, Charles Scott accompanied the Earl of Hopetoun to a meeting, of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia on,)friday»night, when Baron ) von (Mueller occupiedltl\o."chair. | A number of interested ing reports and papers were read, the sub- jects; being illustrated by lantern views,: A paper on Meteorology, by, Mr, Jas, Stirling, of Mclbqurnç,,\Vi>s, listened to with much interest, (party, votes of thanks to the Governor, lthJo1Adniirjil and Baron von Mueller,, the President ofuthc, Society, , brought it to a I raç'pting.^tp. antiope. The\<Governor, and Lord' Scott will visit the fortifications! at the Heads on Wednesday. They leave for Queenscliff in the Lady Loch on Tuesday. Sir Henry" I Parkes will be a guest at Go'-' vernment House during the next few days, he and Mr. Gillies intending having a big yabber about different questions, not the least being a settlement of the ownership of the Murray waters. , i i file Customs authorities here have just seized a quantity, of blasphemous literature of an exceedingly coarse description, and totally unfit for circulation, The consignment came by mail from Sydney, as most of our good things in the literary line do. i It came J as a surprise to many persons here to learn that Miss Von FinkleatehVtho popular. lecturess J on "The Land and the Books was married at James' Church, Delhi, on February 3 to 'Mr. Charles Edward Mouritfordi>of Delhi. .' ' Leslie Nellie Stewart' Opera Company open on Thursday evening. Every seat has been taken for the inaugural performance. La Tosca has been drawing crowded houses at the Princess Theatre, notwithstanding Mrs. Brown 'Potter is anything but general favourite. The Bracy, Opera Company at the Opera' House will close their season on Tuesday night after a successful run of five or six ¡weeks.'i<Marilla Will be played to night and to-morrow evening Maritana will be the farewell performance. ' ' I Robbery) Under Al ms is likely to have a long run at the Alexandra, and at the Theatre [Royal, a Man's Shadow, a highly sensational drama, was staged for the first time on Saturday might, when Mr. Charles Warner sustained! 'the dual role of Lucian ILaroqne and his Shadow LiiVcrson. Miss Jennie i Watt-Tanner made her re-appear ance having returned from a visit to England. , In the suburbs of the city we find that deaths from contagious or infectious diseases pre by far too numerous, Voryfrcquentlyitis found that a scarce of small-pox, scarlet fever, typhoid, or diphtheria, is built upon a very slightfoundtttion, but on inspection we' have found that there has been no exaggera- tion in the statements made about typhoid and diphtheria i at present raging' in the St. Kilda I and Elsternwick districts. There cannot be I any mistake about a disease which it introduces death into two or three houses in one street, this same thing < happening in other streets at the same time. Another thing, M ben patients die between the second and fourth Glaysher know it is malignant diphtheria. It must be allowed that many persons may safely live in the midst of a stricken district and never contract the disease ; but, for the sake of of those prone to such complaints, it is only right that every step should be taken to prevent such from coming in contact with predisposing causes of infection croon legion." On paying a visit to some parts of Southi'Stii(Kilda1 we found the infected localities in network of open 'drains some, of which are paved with loose stones, and are, no doubt,) worse than ? those which are un paved,' for the simple reason that noxious fluids search their 'way under the stones, and there'll shedding their poison on the air. 111 The houses in the localities named have been run up in the most temporary fashion pnT flat i low-lying ground, where proper drainage fai.l almost impossible. Hence, although the open drains" have named really do exist there is so little fall nothing runs away tilling is' forced forward by the fresh addition of' impurities' The induce monts hold out to persons' looking for house accommodation is' a low rate of rental. Ear iiiBtanoe, houses which would fetch 16s in other districts are ) offered for 12s. per Week, And thus 'terrace after terrace of houses which were built on a perfect quagmire are filled with families we find at length that they, have, made a, very bad bargain, reckoned, in fact, without their host. Most deaths come in the guise of typhoid or diphtheria. We are, however, getting over the ping stage in our experience of these terrible diseases. The doctors are becoming more able to A cope with them, and every one is coming to his or her senses. Reason is returning and we now cast about in a more collected manner for ways of dealing more effectually with enemies of this class. In regard to doctoring, everyone who has tried homeopathic treatment is well satisfied with results. Being an i ardent advocate of, the system, I have been pleased to note the very great success of the treatment b path in typhoid and, diphtheria. / ¡,, Their Excellencies the Governor and Lady Hopetoun visited the Fruit and Flower Carnival; in the Exhibition, Building, on Friday afternoon. Gisborne races and the Heidelberg Agricultural Show, were also 1 visited last week.' ,, i i , , ,, 