A FREE MARKET ! The literal meaning of the word “Fair,” In its commercial sense, is a “ free market.” In other words, a “fair”means a market at which all and evory may purchase or not without boinA subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell with* out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quioker ino communication which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national fe. 'Here in Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed very little of the old fashioned methods- obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not bo slow and lethargio as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country arc accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well os the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century, Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought In all directions to do as much in an hour aa 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel, If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those “good old day8” which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people, by the way, who an of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote “ Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility.” People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to establishments, inch as For and Gibson's,, of Smith street, Oollingwood, iuppiyw» >*«M-wt*opbpulatIonf the comforts, toe I necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, ore; conducting a gigantio Fair, and to nse a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, “it is a right to do sore eyes good.” Any theatrical manager who may happen post Messrs. Foy and Gibson’s great shops during the day «jitist, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a aizh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse—an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind It must give pleasure to reflect that at least 00 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who lias become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and moro contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4a. Gd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for tho boms to which ho shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on [at the ceaseless influx and out - ftur of visitors to this show to be insensible to tho circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the tiona of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foyjand Gibson, when contemplat ing tho establishment of these fairs, took into ree-'. koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. Bui as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, . and Messrs. Foy'arid Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the Important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolenmfromthese fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, ore beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are cvenas the laws of tho Medes and Persians. A fixed system—result of long experience—and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go ou like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and poise of tho 3team engine. Borne idea may be formed by those who have never risited Fey and Gibson’s premises of their riio when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The great thow rooms, with the costliest of feminine ■aiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hero o’ nights and* imidst dainty silks and velvets, and lacee, and other jewildering matters, taste again somo slight flavour if the delights which once moved them in the Sash. iTe do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespeare’ authority that there are more things n heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our ihilosophy, it may be on the cards that ghoateif da >arted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first lellghta and mingle in spiritual sympathy with th$ ubetantial throng at Fov and Gibson’s Adis. 