MR. ;AND MRS. BOWSER. At three o'clock the other afternoon I accidentally caught sight of Mr. Bowser skulking about the back yard. He had acted very restless at dinner time, and I at once felt that something was wrong. A caller came and I could not get out to the barn for half an hour, and then itwas too late. A' horse stood in the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse.' '"Have you--you-," I gasped. "Have I'what?" Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failures!" "Dreadful failures! I bought-one horse, and he objected to the neighbour hood. The other liked the neighbour hood, but you objected to his color." "Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. 'We don' need one, you know, and you will surely get swindled." "Swindled I get swindled on a horse! Mrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle me on a horse has yet to be born. I know 'em fromn ears to heels. I can read 'em like so many books. WWe need a horse Here was a chance for a great' bargain, and I improved it." "I'm so-so sorry." S"That's just like you, but.1 can't, help it. . I don't propose to throw.100; dollars over my shoulder. I' bought that animal for 200 dollars, and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 300 dollars. I wouldn't take 400 dollars for him as he stands there." I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed me into the house, and said " Just wait a week, and if he doesn't turn out all right, I'll sell him for the 300 dollars and give you the extra 100 dollars." Nothing further was said until the next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning about condition powders, bran-mashes,. toe weights, quarter-boots, handholders, and throat-sweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about 50 dollars worth of these things. Twice in the night he got up and raised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams of day light. He came into breakfast with a smile all- over his face,- and com menced "Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleigh ride after breakfast," - "You don't mean it !" "But -I do. Not only that, but I hope to show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow." He' had borrowed, a neighbour's cutter and bells, and after breakfast [ got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better. to make our start from the barn; and when I got out there I found a lengthy, raw-boned, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears, and anxious to be off " He looks dangerous," I said, after watching him a minute. "So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. However, if you are a coward, I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go." "Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost, and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him yourself." " W-what! Afraid of him, or any other horse living! You can't go with me, Mrs. Bowser. Go right into the house." I held the horse while he shut the barn door, and I sized the animal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of some sort, but I would not back out nor let Mr. Bowser go alone. I entreated him to unhitch, but lie glared at me and replied " Have you gone clean daft? This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive him. Whoa, Claudius I Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hind feet and seemed to have struck a circus. "Is this a blooded horse 1 " I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. " Certainly. He's a Fearnaught." "Then he doesn't fear us, does he? And do Fearnaught horses always go through these cunning tricks before they start offI " "Keep still! Go on, Claudius!" Claudius dropped down on all-fours long enough to use his hind feet and send the dashboard of the cutter flying high above our heads ; and as I picked the slivers out of my bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave me impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions :- " He was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't-.he? This is only his. way of getting down town, isn't it ?" :-;" He's running away !" shouted.Mr. Bowser. as his hat blew off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear. " But you: ain't afraid of any horse living, you know ? It's probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace." Whatever else could be said against the horse, he,was a runner. He had a contract to draw us at the rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the cost. How we managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and to turn three or four corners in safety, I can't ex plain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines, and Mr. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two mile dash, and when I brought him up to the kerbstone, a policeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a .swallow of cordial to brace him up. "' I; had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. "Ratsl" called half a dozen voices. " Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that I" "Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute!" " Come off, old man, and well buy you a hobby horse!" Mr. Bowser and I went home on the icar. We didn't say much until' we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned on me with - "Now, then, explainyour conduct !" "What?" " In snatching those lines out of my hliand arnd trying to make a heroine of yourself! Mrs. Bowser, there is a limt to all things. You have reaohed that limit! I may not be home again this week ! " But he was. Indeed, he has been very humble ever since. He got rid of the horse next day, gave me money for a spring bonnet, and it is mutually understood that we don't refer to the past. 