WITH THE PEOPLE. By ISH-IAEL. LIBERTY, EQUALITY, FRATERNITY. A chiel's amang ye takin' notes, And faith, he'll prent it. WHEN you lift aside the red Llama flag covered with a legend worked in letters of white calico and look through the window it seems a great distance to the street below. The eerie brilliancy from the two arc lamps swinging from the entrance to the theatre vestibule throws two pale blue carpets of light across the road and over those many figures of men and women move like ghosts of those who have been and are gone. On the opposite footpath a couple of Italian musicians are playing a waltz before the public house, and as the fiddler's bow grates on discordant, the red glare from the light behind the coloured windows falls upon the white bow string until it looks like a ribbon of fire shooting back and forth. The sounds of tuneless, drunken song mix with the clinking of glasses and the shuffling of dancing feet as they float out from the bar doors and are lost in the low, monotonous hum from the city traffic; whilst the faint and sickly odours of opium float past upon the fitful gusts of wind from the Chinese quarter in Little Bourke street. The ten or twelve men who are sit ting in this room notice none of these things, because they are listening to a leader speaking, and within the plaster walls of the fourth storey room people do congregate to rock herein its cradle of eloquence and thought a child of Liberty which shall yet become a giant. "I almost fancy I see before me now," the leader waves his hand to wards a portrait of Spenser hanging on the wall, "the statue erected to the victory of that Freedom which yet shall be. It is a mighty figure of white marble, and on its base are graven the names of you and I and others who have spoken for justice,"-the dozen pairs of heels are rapped with fervour -" and in its good right hand it holds aloft a glorious light, whilst its left grasps firmly the figure of the craven capitalist that no more shall carry on its ruthless exploitation nor wade knee deep for riches in the best heart-blood of the proletariat. The day has not yet come, but come it must, and speedily, when the glorious words you see on that red banner, LIBERTY, EQOALITrY, FRAvrERNITY, shall have a meaning true and grand indeed. The world has grown sick of monopolies and privilege, and the great heart of common humanity is longing for abso lute freedom. Let us then atolish l'arliament, destroy Capital and dismiss all laws from our minds as vile and useless. The liberty of each, bounded by the liberty of all is what we want," -his voice rose almost to a frantic shriek-" and for it we shall write and speak, aye! and if need be, fight also." Bang ! The fist of the speaker came so heavily upon the table that the glass of water overturned and spilt upon the crimson cloth, and the little secretary jerked back in his chair with a nervous start.. l'hen tlhe leader nt down, trembling visibly, and mopped the sweat from his face and forehead with a very dirty pccket-handkerchief" Meanwhile. the heels applauded, and a Babel of animated comments arose upon the eloquence and brilliancy of the address. " Men," said the chairman, rising, they scorned the usual prefix to the term in this Hall of Freedom--" let us not waste time. It is near nine o'clock already, and I would suggest that each speaker be limited to five minutes." The suggestion met with general approval, and then the chairman sat down, and one of the " men" arose to speak; a full six feet of revolutionary humanity, with a figure that would have done credit to an athlete, and a head fully as big as any two other heads in the room. The giant jerked a bow to the chair, man, and the chairman remarked por tentiously, "Silence for Mr Hammup, please!" Mr Iammup cleared his throat, and resting the huge middle finger of his left hand with slow deliberateness upon the wet spot in the table cloth, using it it as a sort of fulcrum on which to swing his body as he spoke. He took rather long at these things, but the "men" were used to him, and besides, the function of rocking the Cradle of Liberty was considered important, and a thing which should be gone about with due preparation. At last the speaker began to move his body with a snake like motion, and express his opinion on the matter. Those who are without the pale of "Advanced Thought," and divers others, who have never rocked the "Cradle," would possibly have said that the opinions lMr Hammup did express were not very important, and his manner of expressing- thnem rather crude and clumsy, but the other I guardians of the "Cradle". did" not notice this, because Mr .1-Hammup fre- 1 quently quoted Spenser and Krapotkin, and these names possessed a wonderful power. The speaker talked a lot about "evolution" and "exploitation" and other things, and somehow managed at the end to work in a rhapsody about " the abolition of all law and the initi ation of perfect freedom," but it was the address of the secretary which took the "men" by storm and inspired every heart with the conviction that tile " Cradle" had begun to rock in right good earnest. Some there were who might have felt solicitous for the wel, fare of the regal infant which it con tained, but the little secretary con sidered them not, and rocked away with might and main-in words. He was, as I have said, a little man, with no chest to speak of, and shoulders which sloped like an inverted V, but his voice is remarkably steady and clear, and his acquaintance.with the high-sounding formulas of his school most thorough and extensive. He places himself unconsciously as the very head and front of the " Move ment," and wags his body and gesticu lates with finger and thumb and thumps the table like a Gallic soldier in a rage. Also he expresses the loftiest and most profound abhorrence of every ancient creed -and modern governmental -con stitution; whilst he uses the We as lompousily as a dignified editor and indulges in as many "l's' as the most emphatic of Kaiser Mayors. There is a little boy sitting beside him, who: is his son, with the prettiest head of curly golden hair that you could wish to see, and a pair of blue eyes which look up at his terrible papa with the deepest of simple trustfulness. The revolutionary papa tells the "men" in a falsetto voice how he has educated this boy with a complete ignorance of the gospel and contrived for him a new and improved method of education. And then another man arises, whose nose is broken, a cheek swelled with a quid of tobacco, and asks that all visitors be required to withdraw. 