THE RELIGIOUS ACARD PLAYER. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee wt.e taken anny years nIz.o before ta i,'n.istratp of (;Glas"ow for plavinlg ards during divine service. A serreanlt coi:maniloled the soldiers at church, and while there the parson read the prayers nnd took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, blut this soldier had neither Bible nor Com inon Prayer Book,. but pulling out a. pack of cards he spread them before him. iHe first looked at onecard and then at another. Thl sergeant saw him and said, R' ichard, put up the cards; this is no place for them.' ' Never mindi,that,' replied Richard. When the service was over the con stable took Richard a prisoner and brought hinm before the magistrate. ' Well,' said the magistrate, ' what have you brought the soldier here for ?' * For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself.' ' Much, sir, I hope.' 'Very .good; if not, I will punish you severely.' ' I have been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book; I lave nothing but a pack of playinlg cards, and hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions.' . Then spreading the cards before the bailie, mhecommenced with the ace. . When I see, the ace, it reminds nie thait there is but. one God. . When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the three, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preiched Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. The five reminds me of the wise vir gins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish, and were shut out. The six remind me that in six days the Lord made Leaven and earth. The seven reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he made and hallowed it. The eight reminds me of the eight righteous persons .ho were saved when God destroyed the world-viz., Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. The nine reminds me of the nine lopers who were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. . . The ten reminds me of the ten com mandments which God handed down to Moses on tablets of stone. The king reminds of the Great King of Heaven. The queen reminds me of the Queen of Shcla, for she was a woman asn.he was a man. She brought 50 boys and 50 girls, all dressed in boys apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and wvhich were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash, The. girls washed to the elbows,afihd the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. ' Well,' said the bailie, ' you have described every card in the pack except one.' .'What is that ?' 'The knave.' ' The greatest knave is the man who bronuht me here.' 