AN IRISH STORY. BY C. M. Beautifully s'.tuattd in a ^'..asant vailey of the White K-iighi'd country, at ilia f.ct cf the <>a)tei Jiyuntaias, win the cabin of Liny Dodd am Lis wiie. T:}oy rented a cs.b.11 and a few ceies g£ lar,'.!, which they auliivated w;ih great eare. They vrr-j in dependent, and respccted by their neighbors ; they loved eaoh oihtr in a matrimonial soit of way, and few had more eppearanee of comfort about them. Larry was & hard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dutch-built little man, with b fiddle head and a round body, a eteady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too much whisky ; then, it must be confessed, lie could net walk the chalkcd Hue with perfeei accuracy. He had a moist, ruddy countenance, rather indited to an expression of gravity. Tike it alto gether, he was gem itlly loi.ktd upon as a proper person, notwitheianding the fast that he had every day in the year, a sort of un holy dew upon his face, even in the coldest weather, which gave rise to a supposition that Larry was apt to indulge in strong po tations. However, all men of talents Lave their faults—indeed, who is without them ?— and Larry, retting aside his weakness, was a most distinguished rnsu. He was a man of mixed halrts, in his iu ode of life, his drink aed his costume. His dress accorded with his character—a enrt of half-and-half between farmer and horse jockcy, He wore a blue cost cf coarse cloth, with short skirts and a standing collar ; Lis waitcoai was red, and his lower habiliments were made of leather, which, ia course of time, had Ehrursk so much that they fitted like a eecocd <=kiu, ttsd long use had absorbed their moisture to sueh b degree that they made a crackling coke as he moved along. A hat covered with oil skin, a whip, al! worn and jagged at the end. a pair cf Eeconfi-kand, or, to £p?ak more cor rectly^eccond-footed, grea?y iop-hco?s, thst sesmed never to have eeon a blacking-brush, and one spur with a rowel, completed the everyday drees of Lurry Dodd. 'Tims equ-pped was L?,rry returning from Cisl el. mounted on a rough-coated and one eyed 23£g. thousb, isotwithstandliig these and a few other tiifiing blemishes, a well-built animal; having just purchased the eaid nig. wish a fancy that Le could make his own money again, and maybe turn an odd penny mora fay ii at the coming Kildorry fair. Lirry, well pleased witli^himself, trotied along the road in the lingering iwiiiaht of r. lovely June evening, thinking of nothing at all, oniy whistling and wondering would horeep always be so low. " If they go at this rate," said he to htm eelf,for half nothing, and that paid in butter-buyere' notes, who would ba the fool to walk This very thought indeed was passing through his mind, when his attention was aroused fey a woman pacing quickly by the side cf his horse, and currying on n3 ii endeavoring to rccch lier dcf-iiuatioE before ni^ht closed in. Her figure, eonsiderlag the long strides she took, appeared to be under the commca sizz—rather of the dumpv cr ier, but whether the damsel wasyouug, oid: fair or brown, pretty or ugiy, Larry could form no notion, owing to the fact of he-r wearing a large cloak, the bead of which was turned up and completely concealed ever 7 feature. Enveloped in this mass of dark and eon aoaliug drapery, without much exertion the strange woman contrived to keep up with Larry Dodd's steed for some time, when his master very civilly offered hers lift behind him as far as he was going her way. ''Civility begets civility," they say ; however, he re ceived no answer, and thinking that the lady's silence proceeded only from basfclul nsss, like a man cf true gallantry, not a word more said Larry, nncil he pulled up by the side of a gap. and then said he: '* My little girl just jump up behind me without a word more, though never a one have yon spoke, and I'll take you safe ana sound through the lontsomo bil of read that is before us.,: She jumped at the off .jr, sure enough, ana up with her on the back of tfce horse, as light as a feather. In an instaat she was seated b:-hitsd Larry, with her hand and arm buckled around hie ^aist, holding on. " I hapa you're comfortable there, my dear?" eaid Larry, in h;3 good-Iinmored way. Bat there was no answer, arid on tlisy went—trot, trot, trot, along the ror-d—ar.d ail was so still thst you might have heard the sound of the hoofs a mile off; there was nothing else to hoar except the mosniug of 3 distant stream that kept up a continued crooning, like a nurse hushing a babe. Lirrv, who had a keen car. did not, how ever, j Jire so j^ofound a filsncs to detset the click of one of the shoes. •' Tis only loess the shoe is," said he to his companion, as they were jusi entering on the lonely bit oi road. Sjme old trees, with branches fe-.tooned :th ivy, grew over a dark poril of water, whiCii had been formed a-; a drinking place f ;r cattle. Here the horse mads a dead halt, and Larry, not knovriog whst vicious tricks his new purchase inighj have, and unwilling that, throu.;;j a?)y odd chance, ibe young woman should get" spilt " in the water, dis mounted, iainLkg tc lead the animal past the pool. '• By the piper's luelc, that always found what_ he wanted," said Lirry, recollect ing hims-iif," I've a nail in my nocket; 'tis not the first time I' ve put on a'shoe, and maybe io wo a't bo the JasJ, for here ie no w^nt of piviijg stones to make hammers in plenty." No socntr was Lirry o£? than cH with a swing eame the wemau, just- at. bis fide. Her feet touehtd iiie ground without making tbe least noise, and away the bounded, iike an ill-mannered creature a6 she was, wilheut saying '■ By your leave,7' or no matter what else. Sae seemed to glide rather than run, not along th2 road, but across a iield, up toward the old ivy-covered walls o: Kilaaslattcry Church—and a prUty church it was. '* Not so fsst, if fyou please, young woman, not so fast," tcried L irry, calling sft;r her. Bui away she rar>. and Lirry foVowed, his leathern garments already described erf.c-k, crack, crr.ckling at every Etcp be took, . •' VVhere'e my wages T: eaia Lirry. Give RJG a kiss, my girl; eure, I've earned a kiss from your preity lips, and I'll have it, too But she went on faster and faster, regard less of these and othet flaiterii;^ ipecches from herpurtusr. At last she came to the churchyard wall, and then over with Let- in an instant. " Wtl2, well I S'js'q a mighty ennri crea ture, anyhow ! To be sure how neat she stet s. lV.d anyone ever see the like of that before? But I'll not bs bsulked by any woman that ever wore a head, or any ditch, either !"exclaimed Larry,as, with adespsrate bound, he vaulte-5, scrambled * acd tumbled over the wail into the church yard. Up he got from tbe elastic sod of a newly mace grave, ia which Yade Lcarv that morning was buried—rest his soul !—and on went Larry, stumbling over headstcricg auti footEtonep. over old graves er.d new graves, pice£s of ecflins, and the skills and Loses cf deed mm—the lord save us !—ihst v.rre fcattcrcd about there as plenty as paving stones, floundering amid great ever?roan dock leaves and, bransiles that, with thc-ir long, rricki.v arms became tangled around his limbs and held him back with a fsarfui grr.fr. 33 eantinso il e merry woman in the c'oak moved through r.Sl linFe nbzti uctior.fi as evenly and as gcily ns ii the churchyard, crowded up as it was with graves end grave Etoces, had been the Go or oi a dancing room, i Hound and round the walis of the eld church 1 she went. . I '■ i'il j ;st wo.it," ;ai<l Ir.rry, stc.r-j ll •= i and thinking it all nothing a u:e.c ic t frighten him. "Ween she comes rouodj again, if 1 don't t&kn; the hiss I won't thai'd I, all; and here she is Larry DjeUi spring forward -with open arms and clatr^j d in thc-m—a woman, it ie uue, fc-jta \\\o:^an wuLoul any lips to Lias, fay reason cf her Iwitig uohoad ! "" Murdct !" cried i,e. "Weil, that ac counts for her net speaking !" Having uttered these words, Larry hira Belf bccame duirb with fear and astonish ment ; his blood seemed turned to ice, and a dizziness came over him. Staggering like a drunken man, he roiled against the broken window of tbc ruin, horrified aa the con viction that he had held a ghost in his cm- j brace. _ | When he relumed to something like a feel ing o! coE6ciousiics3 healowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon hi to. In the midst of the ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented with heads, This was plainly visible in the Eiraiige which epvead itself mound. It vraq fearful to heboid, but L^rry could not choose but look, for he wr.s powerless through ■wonder and fear. Se would have shouted lor help, but his tongas clcaved to thereof of his mouth, and not one word could h; pay. His eyes almost e'arted Irom their sockets, bis fcreest re .ted on tb<? ihicl; r.ees of the wali, over which, on one sid^, hid head and out Siretched neck projected, and on the other, although one toe touched ibG ground, it de rived no support from thence ; terror, as it were, kept hiui balanced. Strange noi?es assailed his cr,r.=, until at last■ lhs;>* li •-<kd painfull? to the sharp cMScr cf liule beiU, which kepi up a continual ding-dine-dir£ Marrowies3 bones r^iikd jinu cl£nl.eo, lbh the deep frcd solemn sound of a great L-til came booming on the ni;;ht wir.d. It was strange snusic to d ^nce by ; never theless, moving to it, round and round iha wheel set withakci!?, were -.vtl! rrr»rcdl=d:<s and ccr.tien-.pn, and f-oldUrfi and tailors, ana priests and public n.j. ur.d j ;e-k.- ya a;;o Jennies, but a":l w;;hci:t their bt^d?. Larry did r.ot 1;^ow what to thick. H'a brains were ail in a mbt, and losing the balance which l e had scijr g miintsi^ea, ha Uli Lead forea:oat ii.to the midst o' lac com pany cf gbcBie. "I'm done for tna lost fcrr-Tcr 5 1 reared Larry. with his hiols turned towtids the etare; snd souse! down he esn.e. " Weieime-, L v. rj, 1 Mb', wf laorae ! ' criec every head, botb:ni? i;p and down tsie air. A drink for iarry D ;<?'5thiuiei n ey ft£ with one voice, that quaveied like a shake on tho bagp'i-tF No sooner eaid tl an rose. Oae of the number prefcc-nied a fcii;n!Xi:n2 cup to L\rry. ■who, to show his manutrs; drank it ell like a nian. ••'Tiscapiiai sinff," he wculd ha^c B?,id, but ha pot r.o fuitV.cr than " cap '' when de ecpilef'd f as be-, and his head h.;r»n cur.oing over his shoulder. Larry, however, v as not the first mta - -ho loet his bead through the ieirisiaticn of lo^kirs r»S tbo boltou cf a Oiiniiuir.::. cup. Koiliing mere Gid he re m?iiib:-r clecrij, for it seems body ar.d fceio btir.g parted ie not very favora'fle to thoiif-dlt. When Lis Eer.scs reUirEfd hia Jiirst net was to put his ha-jd to ~htrc his head forsncrly grew, ana to hia great j iy thsre he found it still. He then, shook it gently, but bis head remained firoi enough, and, somewhat re assured by tijis he proceeded io open his eyes and look around hinj. It was broad daylight, and in the eld churchyard at Kilnaslattery he found himself, with his head <• upon the lap of earth." Could it have been an ugly dream ? "Ob.no," said Larry. " A dream could never have brought lnhrr?. ttrclclicd on the flat of my tack, ws;h tV.e vlhead and cross-bones torsieniii' q mc en ito fins old tombstoce of Pat K.artey oi K:Kn:?.—but !.vhvre is tie horjs ?'' He aroee aljwly. every joint aching from the bruises ho 'na-t reeeivtd, av.d went io the pool of water, but no horee was there. " 'Tis home I mus; so," said La'ry wiih a rueful counten.'icce. "'But bow will I fsce San?\ 1 What shall I tell her about the horee, and the tv»o pounds he cost me? '1'is them chests that have made their own ol him from E3, the horse- stealing robber a cf the world, that have no fear for the gallows ! But v/h&i;'d gone is gone, that's a ckar cafe."' Si saying he turned his steps homeward, and anived at his cabin about noon without encountering any further adventures. Tncre he found l\inay who. as ho e-xpeeted, ioo];ed r.a fcl?.ckart^ thunder-clou*: him for btiag cut a'! ni^ht. Sbe listened tn '.iia marvellous relation which he psvc- with tsaiamations of astonishment. When he had concluded, with expressions of grief at the Jose of tfce horse he had paid for like an honesu man, she sail: But what took you up to the old church at ail, out of the road at that time cf ni^ht, Lirry ?" Lirry locked like a criminal fcr whom there was no reprieve. II2 scratched his head for an excuse, but nc.t one i could he muster up, so he knew net what ro i eay. •'0 L?.rry, L".rry,r: rauttrrcd Nir.cv, rJti-r i vrr.iiiiig'or some tiuie l-;r b:3 answer; '"it's talkiny \vi;h a r rl ycu were—an' you it luankd rain 1 Csr.fers the truth 1 ' L'.rry thuddcred at the tempest which, he psreeived was new about to break upon Lis devoted hear!. 4* X ircj," fail be," I do confers. It was a wumau without any head—" His u\fe iiocrd no mere, A woman—1 knciv v, was !cried ehe. But a woman without ahtad,Lirrj ! Wcli, it is lorg before Xnucy G dibber ever tboi3j;ht it would corsc to tiiia wi^h her ! That she should be left di- eoiatc- and ah-nc here by her ba^te of a husband for a woman without & head! O father, father, and mother, mother, it is weH you are Jow to-day, that you ccn't see ibis i iil eticn and dis giwce to your daughter thai jou rarcd <kcent and tender 3 O' ;, Lirry ou villain !" iTt;u It i b3 the- death of your li'.vfui wife, talking wish I such viie crajthers V 4- Wtli," said Ltxrry, putting his hands in his coat pceLcte, " least naid is eooneet mended. Oi tbc ycung woman I know nothing; but this I do known, that a woman without a head may w.eil bs called a good woman, because she has no tongue!' How this remark operated on the matri monial dispute I will leave my renders to im agine. It is, however, reported that Nancy baa the Ip.st word. Mr first ward to all 'men. and"irey3 who care to hear me is, Don't (ret into debt, starve ar.d go to heaven, but don'i bo:row. Try first begging, I den'i mind, if it's really ntcdfuJ, stealing ! /Jut doiit buy things you can't pay for !—I'askin. ■ s "Wnrxtha son^'a gone oti^ of your life jcucin't start another while ii.V. a ringing in your ears; it'a best to have a bis ef silesc?, and cut o' that maybe a p^alni'li come by and by.—E 3ward Girrett. Tiik maelitroiu attracts more notico than the quiet fountain , aomet draws more alter lion than the steady star, bLt :t is belter 10 bo maelstrom, a^d star than comtti following out the Epl.ire and oiblt o! <iaitt usefulness in wh'cli Gjd placcs us.— Jjhn Hall. AFFy.cT.iTi-ss in any psrt of our carriage is ii^htitiK uo u canclo to our defects, and n'jver fail?, jo make us take notice of rt, either as wanting Eture or Hircc-ri'.r. 5Iv -ST people woi.ld succecd in small things 11 they wpre not troubled with Rreat ambi iions. -L:rgftllow. 