COHFESSIOHS OF A JAWS- 1 Ticm. ; ; — 4- . j By A Pawnee. l ean scarcely describe the first sensations I experienced izr coming into -the world a f ull- bio wn, 1 youthful pawnticket. My earliest recollection is feeling as if X had been flung through, chaos, . arid had come tumbling down, on a hard surface, in a dreary- looking, M- lighted place. Ere I had time to open my eyes and look around, I was struck violently in the face with some gold and silver coins, a loud voice calling out at the same time : " Musgrave ! Gold watch ! Three pounds ten!" This, as I afterwards learned, was the cere mony at onoe of my christening and of my sale into bondage. For we are all born into slavery. . Slavery is the very end and aim of our existence But unlike the poor Africans, who are still sold into captivity, " we sow hot, neither do we reap," but we increase in value as we grow old, until we reach our allotted span of existence. We bring with us money, according to . our value, to our master or mistress, as the case may be, and they ou re ceiving ub stow us away, objects ot shame, though by no means objects of contempt, for the term of our natural or non-natural lives, . for we are nearly always " released'? before the expiration of the pawnticket allotted " three-score-and-ten," which amounts to three hundred and sixty five days, and a lingering period of thirty days, called " days of grace," at toe end of which time we are dead. The soul of our value has departed ; nothing but the corpse remains behind. We have still all . the outward semblance ana appearance or a pawnticket; but we are as dead and as value less as the carcase ofa cat — more, I regret to: say. But yesterday, and one of us might be "worth hundreds of "pounds; to-day, valueless! Sic transit gloria mundi. I was nearly smothered with the gold and silver thrown so unceremoniously on top of me, when I. was hastily clutched in a very dirty hand and hurriedly carried off. And now, before I go any further in these, my veritable memoirs, I will use, with your per mission, my reader (or without your permission, if it suits you better), that licence, poetic or otherwise, which is generously extended to, and still more generously availed of by my fellow- authors, and proceed to relate to you the events which preceded my birth, and, in fact, led to my existence, all of which I learned afterwards from the most trustworthy source — in other words, from the lips of no less a personage than my respected young master himself, as he related the episode afterwards to a certain divine one, who shall for the present be name less. These events were of such a character that I think it will be highly interesting if the reader be placed fully in possession of all particulars. My respected young master was a medical student of good family, who, like most of his class in every profession, was afflicted with acute attacks of impecuniosity during the neo- phy tic stage of his career. He was no spend thrift, but generous to a fault. In truth, my respected young master (in petto) , or, as I prefer in future to designate him by the initials of the above, M.R.Y.M. (this looks half mili tary, half nautical, with a strong flavour of the yacht club about it), was head and ears — aye, and hands, and feet, and eyes, and heart, and snuL and mind, and hodv in love with the 7 7 » - charming daughter of a wealthy city merchant, who had a delightful villa in Sydenham, beneath the shadow, or rather the glare, of the Crystal Palace. She was an exquisite girl, was Angelina. Fair, with golden hair and laughing blue eyes, she was a true type of perfect Saxon beauty. No expense had beeu spared on her education, and right worthily did she respond and return a hundredfold in culture the pains and money th:.t had been so expended. Her mother being ; dead, the care of the; household had devolved ; on her .youngBhoiflere, and khe proved herself ' : fully equal to the burden. She , had an only laud an elder brother who hadjuBt obtained his commissxGhlh a crack Cavalry regiment. She was at /this period n i neteen years eld,- in the full effulgence of the beauty symbolised by- her name— Angelina. - ' - Such was the idol M.R.Y.M. — Frederick Augustus Norman (nephew and heir of Regi nald N rman, of Norman's Gourt, in the county of Kent, Esquire)— worshipped with a worship that was more than worship. Never did an uncanonised Mohammedan saint re verence the Prophet, or Eastern devotee his Buddha, his Brahma, or his Confucius, as M.R.Y.M. did Angelina, the only daughter of George Eichenham, of Rose Yale Yilla, Syden ham, in the. county of Surrey, Esquire. I may add that M.R.Y.M. was as yet scarcely a persona, gratu to Angelina's papa, who looked forward to making a brilliant match for his daughter. In fact, he was anxious to see her tbe wife of a certain Irish peer very consider ably beyond middle age, with damaged fortune, damaged reputation, and more than damaged personal appearance. " But," argued the father, " was he not a peer, and would not my daughter he, when wedded to him, the Right Honourable toe Viscountess Glenmore ?" No wonder, then, that he looked askance, and very much so, at M.R.Y.M., whom he con temptuously dubbed as that " beggarly young medical student, who had not a farthing to bless himself with." Why the lowest coin of the realm, or, indeed, any other coin, should be selected to perform a ceremony of self-benedic tion, I do not know; yet. this was Angelina's father's pet condemnatory phrase in speaking of M.R.Y.M.'s pecuniary position, who, how ever, had undeniably good prospects from his bachelor old uncle. .It was the .eve of -the Derby, and - Frederick Augustus paced his 6ittmgroom in his . modest lodgings in Bnxton with anxious face and per turbed mien. Something was evidently wrong. He was anxious to. go down to Epsom on the morrow, and had not the wherewithal to take him. Strange! He was not of a sporting torn, and had been working very hard for Ms "exam.,' which he- was -determined to pass with honours, as he subsequently did. Yet the ' most inveterate turfite" was not more anxious to be on Epsom Downs- on the morrow than was Frederick Augustus Norman. He was in a despondent afid e ven in a desperate mood. Ho did -not want to.see theVraces, nor the crowds, - northe humours of the course. He. had -not backed a single horse. He cared as much about the Derby as he did about the ashes he knocked fromoff the .end of his cigar. None of these things did he want to see ; he wanted to see his Angelina! This was the head and front of all his trouble. He had heard only .an hour ago that she would be'there with her father, and no doubt that. " disreputable cad," the Irish peer, whose cool and coarse effrontery was proof double, treble, ball-proof against Angelina's positive contempt and insult. He returned good for evil with a vengeance— if a disagreeable grin on his ugly and repulsive face, could be called returning good for Angelinas unutterable scorn. She more than detested the man : she despised him And here I may impart the agreeable intelligence that 1M.R Tile's affection was as warmly re ciprocated by Angelina. . . But. how was he it© raise -the means to ge down? He was'" cleaneA ont,'8' and a Week would 'elapse before his monthly allowance would arrive fr«m his uncle, and he had a iwr horror of borrowing. . Indeed, lie dm not kno of whom .he could ask — which is stron g proot his disinclination to borrow, for thousands of "ypung men in Ms position ctaild find a dozen sources to which they could apply at a moment s notice, where they oh borrowing purposes bent. The shades of evening, lite his spirits, were falling fast, and night was closing in. He took out his watch to glance at. tlie time. It was a magnificent gold repeater — a present from his uncle. Eureka ! he had it. Why not pawn the watch and so raise the amount ? _ No sooner thought" of than he prepared to execute if. He rang the bell, arid presently Molly, the maid-of-all-work, appeared with the inevitable sweeping -brush in her hand. ?. 8 weeping-brash was a kind of Hecate's wand with Molly. t»he could never apparently answer any summons without the companionship of . the brush, and would even go out of her way to fetch it tefpreattend ing a can. She was a charac ter in her way, was Molly Evans. She was as true as steel, and as good as gold and as valuable. She certainly had certain little peculiarities which gave her a flavour of originality. She was a small, wiry girl, with a squint, which imparted a comical expression to a face that in every feature was a singular one. Her nose was about the size and pretty much the same shape as a filbert, with, however, -slight celestial tendencies ; her znouth was wide and t wisted a little to one side ; her cheek bones high, and her forehead low. with hair as 'profuse as a Horse" stall, and as. coarse. _ Withal Molly's was fai from being an impleading face, mm h a ». m-1 i «tj tPII /i i f alkh tUllGLb UU UillBtUZfXiJ VCX Jf uutj wuc, Molly stood before M.R.Y.M. withthesweep- ing-brush aforesaid in her hand. looking at him with head on one side— her favourite posi tion. " Molly," stuttered forth M.R.Y.M., " would you do me a favour if you could ?' Molly looked .somewhat surprised, hut quickly answered, with unmistakable and em phatic sincerity : " 'Deed an' I would, sir." Thus encouraged, M. R. Y.M. proceeded : " Molly, could y ou take a little article for me : to -a — I mean — that is — in fact," he blurted out, in desperation, with crimsoned face and shame-shadowed brow, " could you take my watch to the pawnbroker's ?" " 'Deed an' I could, 6ir," answered Molly, apparently relieved at the trifling and common place nature as it appeared to her, of the re quest. " And, Molly, could there be any chance of my name becoming known — I mean, as the cwner of the watch ?" he asked, anxiously. " 'peed an' there couldn't, sir," was the al most scornful reply. " I alleys gives the name of Musgrave for any of the lodgers when the.v wants ' trumpery 'sistihce;' as an old lodger of that name used to call it. Lor, he was awful, sir, was Major Musgrave, with one eye and a wooden leg. Aha used' t he to curse ?" asked Molly, of space generally. " But," she added, with asMver, " to see Mm in one of hisqueerum thrimbles after a week's drink. Oh, it was dreadful ! No, sir, I alleys gives his name, and no other.' " You won't tell any one, Molly — not even Mrs. Jones?" — (the landlady, a stiff old party) — asked he imploringly. " 'Deed a ' I won't, sir," replied the faithful Mollv. 4 I'd never tell no one — no, not even if they was to cut me up in little bits, and eat me raw !" she exclaimed, with something like indignation. Now, poor Molly, with her dirt- begrimed face and dishevelled hair, did not look like a tempting subject for an entree even in a cannibalistic menu, not even after a nWrntrng and disinfecting process. M.R.Y.M. could not help stnilirg, notwith standing the keen and painful humiliation he felt at the commission of what he foolishly oon- sidered as something like a. disgraceful or even ja dishonourable act— that of pawning 'his watch. . Here. -I; may remark, as a ; conscientious pawn ticket, thatrthese qualms on ' the.part of young people on the occasion of . their first aealiugs with the pawnbroker are ;sWply ludicrous- if, indepd; they had not often tfieir pathetic side. Ludicrous or pathetic, they :very soon wear away. "Familiarity breeds- contempt," or perhaps rather, in this case, it is the contempt that . breeds familiarity ; for the unfortunate pawnee— what a ferocious Indian flavour does not this innocent name possess — a very Thug- like ring?— who, In the earlier stages of his pawning career, will hover for half an _ hour round the pawnshop windo - anxiously pretending to examine the jewellery therein displayed, as if he were undecided what to purchase, and who, after a furtive glance up and down and around (which idiotic action and conduct simply attract the attention he is so painfully anxious to avoid), suddenly bolts into the "Money Lent" placarded passage, and soon finds himself in one of the little closets facing the counter which separates Want from El Dorado. What a tale could each of these little closets reveal ! Solicitors' offices, tbe witness-box, nay, not even the sacred confessional itself, could exeeed them tn the pathos, in the romance, or in the undreamt-of incidents and mysteries which these cribbed and confined and dingy cabins have witnessed! Proffering hurriedly his article and his request, with bated breath and palpitating heart, fearing he will be offered half the amount he has asked, or perhaps be refused altogether, the soul of the postulant pawnee gives a bound of joy as his ticket is made out without one word of parley, and he receives his money humbly and gratefully, and goes forth joyfully. After a few— a very few — visits, all this arti ficial shame and nervousness wear away, The pawnbroker, who is familiarly if not affection ately dubbed "My Uncle," and his assistant behind the counter soon becomes " William." or George," or "John," ot whatever his Christian name may be. Instead of being humbly thankful for the amount offered for the article tendered, the pawnee aforesaid (who soon learnB to ask the maximum, or more than the maximum he expects he can get) strikes a stoat bargain, and even goes so far as to take it away to another avuncular relative— a poor and . unremunerative plan, for .it is astounding the wonderful _unMmity !hkt prevails. m appraising the value of goods' among pawnbrokers. There seems to be some mystic or secret know ledge among them as to the real value of an article, up matter how eccentric or uncommon, -or Apparently ndpawnable it may bb.; Here I may remark that I could never discover the why or the wherefore pa"Wnbrokers are styled ' " My Uncle." . In Prance it is the very opposite. There the Mont de Piete is styled "My Aunt" — " Ma Tante." Nor could I ever discover why females are not employed as pawnbrokers' assisr tante. Surely they ought to have a feminine intuitive knowledge or instinct as to the relative value of clothing, furniture, and . jewellery .which form a large proportion of articles re? ceived. The pawnbroking trade is very con servative. and has many peculiarities. I. have to applogise for this disgression, hut a memoir, to be interesting, must .necessarily be digressive, especially if the writer is telling the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, which. I ani sorry to say; very few memoirists do. But , the memoirs of all Illustrious individuals owb their principal claim to their digressive gos- sipiness. Lord Malmesbuiy, « his tiSas," Madame fie Sta Be Quinjey,Gretii WashingtonTrving, and'a » host of other cele brated personages, captivate Us because they are bo delightfully digressive in the stones of their lives. Why, therefore, should Hot I, a respect able pawnticket, be equally so ? Rest assured j many pawntickets have far more wondrous things to tell than an average half-dozen of self-laudatory autobiographists, memoirists, or confessioniste. And so, now, I hieme back to M.R.Y.M,1" interview with Molly Evans. "Well, then, Molly," he continued, as he took the watch from off the massive chain, take thiB to your pawnbroker's and get me three pounds ten shillings for itj and, like a good giri. don't be long." "Deed an' I won't, sir," replied Molly, as 'she received the watch from his hands. In a few minutes he saw her emerging from : the area in tattered hat and bedraggled sha wl, ; und scampering round the corner. _ „ Then a "change came o'er the spirit of M.R.Y.M.'s dream" with a vengeance. He paced the room in a storm of perturbation What would the pawnbroker say to a ragged girl presenting such, a valuable article, and ask ing only a tithe of its "value ? ' Hxb suspicions must naturally be aroused. What else could he do but send for a policeman, and give her in charge ? Then Molly would be oompelled to give her real name and address, and to reveal who it was that had confided the watch to her and had commissioned her to pawn it. Yes, this she would be compelled to do, notwith standing her sanguinary asseveration that . she would never do so. "No, not eveu if they was to cut me up into little bite and eat me raw.'' Fhen would come his compulsory presence in tlie police-court, and th-n— oh, horro of ; hor rors ! — his name and the whole .circumstauces ofthe case would be published in the news papers, and himself and his family disgraced forever! What would his touchy, dear old Quixotic uncle say? A Norman, the heir of Norman' Court, in the police-court ! But worse — woree than all — it would reach Angelina's ears — her ears! With what scorn would not her eyes flash on him the next time she met him, if ever she did or would again meet him ! He certainly could never dare to face her — she who had always regarded him as the soul of honour — a Bayard sans peux et sans reproeh sending out a wr- tched servant-girl to haggle with a pawnbroker for money ou a family gift ! Why did he not go himself, coward that he was? He would not have excited the pawn broker's suspicion. But note ! He flun himself on the sofa and buried hi face in his hands, and, strong, manly, stalwart young fellow as he was- — the pride of his athletic club — his frame quivered, and he well-nigh burst out 6obbiug at the imaginary Frankenstein be himself bad raised. A .knock came to the door. Horror! — the police ! He leaped up, and, in a 6tate border ing on frenzy, he opened it. There stood not the police, but Molly, smiling and panting with the exertions she had made in running back to keeu her promise that she " would not be long." She held forth in her hand three golden sovereigns and ten shillings, and kg M.R.Y.M. gave a heartfelt sigh of relief as he took the coin, which, after having handsomely rewarded Molly, he placed in his pocket. Me he left on the table, having given one glance, and reading the -written matter on my fac. which consisted simply of the date and Mus grave, John, Eltham road ; Gold Watch, 7777 ; Three Pounds Ten Shillings," written in a legible bat scrawling band. When alone, he flung himself down in his armchair and mused. As he might not have an opportunity of having the luxury of a lengthened converse with his beloved, owing to the vigilance of her fussy old father, and the sinister presence of that infer — of that cursed ; grinning - jackanapes, the Irish -viscount, who .would be sure tote present and be the lion of 5 the party, be resolved, on inditing his beloved: a note, which he could slip to her. That "Irish viscount was to M.R.Y.M. the .very ihcarnatipir qf evil.; .".If he were agootl- loomngj honest young , fellow, I would hot mind." he muttered — which, however, was not - tnie ; for jf an AdoniB- came between Him smri his Angelina he would mind, and verv much mind. But when the infatuation of old Richeu- ham, who lost no opportunity, and created one where it did not exist, of introducing " his lordship, the Lord Viscount Glenmore," right and left, to the envy of his " friends," who had no real live peer (even though an Irish one) to trot out— and a prospective son-in-law, too sickened M.R.Y.M, ! " him ! " he heartily ejaculated. " I'll smash his ugly face before I'm done with him." _ He drew over his desk, and took a dainty sheet of notepaper, whereon to write a loving epistle to his heart's delight. HalT a dozen sheets were covered, and re spectively torn up and committed to theflames as not being " up to the mark." At last he had one completed which was not only " up to the mark," but very considerably beyond it, as he believed in his heart and soul. It was as near perfection as could be ; and placing it in an envenlope and directing it, he laid it lovingly in his pocket-book. Me he also took up and surveyed with some- tteng like a grateful smile, for had I not afforded him the means of accomplishiue his soul's desire— that of meeting with Angelina on the morrow ? Me, too, he placed carefuW in an envelope, and as he placed me beside the en velope containing his letter to Angoi;.,g I knew he felt that these two envelopes contained the two most precious documents in his pos session that night. And he was right. . He was up and on the road in good time and in good form in the morning. Re reached Epsom and wandered about the bAn- nt, „v sorted in his own thoughts and heedless of the busy scene around him. The first race and the Second were over, but as yet he had hot espied his star. Her father's carriage was on the course, and she was in it with a ladv com panion ; that he had learned from a Mend. At a gbmpse of her seated in the really Did she not look eiquisite ? ae. Indeed she .erver an ohnce of taste, or eyen without it, would nnhesitatinrfvhwx did fook-beautifai as" die reclined baJk; nestling «i toe .luxurious cushions, chattWbeneathS Paraso1 to ker companion— a SlSSlnSk yobld lady— a kind of cousin who acted at once as companion and chaperon—" breves-rank" « ' through hw whole beautifcdJ JETteS out., with charming franknwia gloved band, which he graad wito once loving a reverential. " But xrS ! «i fte touch that all his fiery #DHt , " I The electric touch of mutual love t j? quiver of it pass up from tes hnd S felt% I arm and through his body B fcs heart, whose fluttering it aooeleoL ?4! alarming extents H Miss Clara Richenham, Angelina's "l 9 compamon, soon, with true Tieliv8 9 engrossed in the hideous prformaucS' S® 9 negro minstreh hard by, and was 9 what passed beside her. So M 4 to I Angelina carried on a dual couvereaf' I one a very eommonpluce one 81 tongues, in which thev laimuidlv dis 9 weather, the roads, the race. and divert 9 similar dull and uninteresting subieet f 0tli 1 oouTeteioo-m (act! j -which was carried on by their eves J1 I quent indeed; it was more -it wr ml el? 1 it would be a kind of sacrilege fo me 1 translate it into d?y, inexpressive la,,,?0 9 Suffice to My, toat for the five v£u£FS> 1 two yonng people enioyed the communing W ttexr souls through the m-dium of kg 01 H .and ihajaagnage. . .Suffice to tav, th", I fire minatee these two youug peapi. .IS I the .communing of rheir souls I? II medium of their hearts and the M their eyes, they understood each other EL? B and conveyed more to each other than Jh 1 1 11 could in whole encyclopedias of lWters- J H farther, that during that five mmutes they' oJ? 8 pressed more unalloyed happiness than ig JZ M to many to enjoy in a lifetime. 6 jji But dear, kmd Miss Cmra was on the alert $ and snddenly, yet apparently, casually 5 % marked to Angelina that there was ''d«arVn B coming from toe grandstand with the Lord v.. coup l G1 en more ' V18" The hint was enough. Taking out v; pocket-book, M.R.Y.M. hastily took out aS his all-important letter (whic h was 110100!! 9 up to the mark, but very coueiderablv IB it." as indecl it had good reason to be, for in 18 truth it was bringing matters to a crisis.' and in II such a manly, perfervid, straight forward tone H yet also in bo earnest, so loving, nay in bo H heartfeltedly and sincerely eio-ju-at a manner 9 asking Angelina to be hi6 wife that hard would 11 be the heart — fai harder than poor Angelina', Ijl tender, loving one— who could reset such pleadings), he placed it in hi beloved's bauds 9 and hurr ed away, just as old Richenham, puff, mg with a plethora of pride and a poverty of 9 breath, arrived, accompanied by the grinmno 9 peer, who looked more repulsive than ever to 9 Angelina, who received him with a positive 9 scorn, and made no secret of her unutterable 9 contempt, which he grmuiagly ignored. 11 He, as well as her father, was unduly elated, fi Probably, she thought, he had won some money 11 on the races as well as her father, yet site kuesy 1 the latter never betted ; still he was in absolutely 11 boisterous spirits. He was unduly familur S too, with the viscount, whom he clapped on the JS back and called ' My boy. ' |! Angelina could not understand it. Poor far H giri ! the enigma is very easy of solution. See. |a usg his opportunity, the crafty viseocmt hal |l seized it. He has just proposed for yon and i-eu eagerly and joyiully ace pwd by your father, who, in the blind fulness of his pride, Jf has already introduced him to three or four of ffi his City friends as his future sou-m- law, Lord If Viscount Glenmore, of Bailiu valla Castle, m County Limerick. Ireland — the BallinvJIs m Castle aforesaid being a wretched unthatched ruin. s Everything in the viscount and connected .« with him was in rain. And yet, 0 wretched W fa'her ! you have toiled and slaved a whole J1 lifetime to amass a fortune, and have succeeded. ®l You. whom Heaven has rifted with a daiurhtK of whom ths very blessed angels above envy || earth the possesion, and whom you love with II a certain unselfish iiev< tion ; yet, for the ske :I ot that miserable fetish of a title, you will sell I her, body and soul, to a hideous monster whom | htT heart loathes, and whom all true men de- I pise and detest —and all, all to call a lord your son-in-law, and to hear your daughter styled fl "'ray lady;" and perhaps, in the fulaess of time, to hare grandchildren styled the Honour. | able Albert Edward of the Honourable Victoria | Louisa!, ' , | ' ' Angelina, m v- dear, ' ' said he to her as they 1 finished luncheon, aud just before the grat; | race was being ruu. ' Viscount Glaimwo; 1 wiahes to have a private conversation with yu 1 of great importanoe. and for which his lordship J has-my thorough-consent. 1 will leave yon to- I -gether. then ; aud you, Clara, would do doubt ,1 like to witness the race from the grand stand"" -J ' Papa, p&pa; !" exclaimed Angelina, no thoroughly aroused and alarmed ; " don't go. a Let Lord Glenmore postpone what he has to a say to me to some other time. I am ill. Ibaw M a dreadful heaoache. I cannot — I will not, 9 she added, passionately, " listen to auy thing to |9 day. I am not able." |9 She fairly burst into a flood of tears, a Her father was alarmed ; the grinnrag «| leather -faced vis count for once earnw Aj her gratitude, for with characteristic H .astuteness he begged to postpone his interne) n ".dearly aa he looked forward to it, for a day B or two until Miss Richenham was disposed » Bm favour hiin. . The upshot of it all was she was |H reheved from the hateful presence of here «« ttoif j and induced her father to drive twos m early, during which she was left to her old |g reflections. Miss Clara beiug constitutional .ii silent, while old Richenham, overcome uj ! unwonted exertions, his pride and joy at tn «s vi>count's proposal, and last, but by no meats jg| least, by his copious draughts of chainpag® » H felt fast asleep, and remained so the grew ffl| part of toe journey. , n jH I must now return to M.R.Y.M., ' . IB leaving Angelina, hurried away from thno n and turmoil of toe racecourse, and fcmPer| M over the Downs. He was in downright e<S 8M cies, nothing more and certainly nothing | M Angelina loved him ! Of that he felt oeri#10'- » as certain as that he existed. n.9 9 And so he scampered across the Downs, « happiest and most light-hearted young » man ui ura wboiq Kiuguum oi — i n blessed day. He, too, got home ervi ffl flung himself into his arm-chair. A ffl habitually abstemious, he had pardonably. S dulged himself in a little extra refresb® _ ffl and mixing himself a final bumper m a of toe happy occasion, he lit nis agar S flung himself back in his chair, and slippy a reverie. . |H Delightful was toe picture his : fl conjured up as he lay, half awake, ; 9 his cigar and blinking at toe fire. 9 strange pictures between tbe bare aim® « M crackling coals. With vivid delightfuineB mm the picture. develop! It was the -a churto, beautifully decorated wiA emblems. A wedding was taking 9 bridal mux. stood before the altar; S Angelina and himself ! Her brother wal6rj fl in full regimentals, and so was her , 9 beaming; Imt the grinning vi800?S 9 happily absent. The Right Rev fl Bishop of Kensington, assisted by tn M Rev. the Dean of Clapham. and to Walter Richenham, M. A (cousin of 9 performed toe oeremony. His uncle H and slipped a cheque into Angeto > 9 M.HYMJs heart was ready to bar8t 9 happiness, when he awoke ! , »u4 . Bte smited at his vision, as he call« I ooneoled himself with the aph<®?rL n I " ooming events oast to<wr shadows o®1 I He sat baclfia AiPfON mw<jt' Angaft-N <raid Mchwasnot only aptia tiariymto cderafebsyitMto Spiuasspfhbil . Siusswpuldmeel; Y;a,K?cWT;IW> frqtq his 4arimg,; :a|i . that. he .fclffifr#?! >wpuld| C' toSoat &&|pQcke3pk aipof bis toddy. . He.<opened; thq wecAy, SfeatheavfmjU tberp lay bis lejfcthe letter! to' Angeling!. . Be frantically to epee the ieayetopfluv Tee, i the? was the lett-r-5 veiy, comudtfsably, in- 1 deed, beyond the mark." , _ The oavope contiaaing ; aiB waseofled ; He j bad gijren it, in hik oarsod hurry, MAngelinh iagtead of , that " considerably, ; beyond! the j jngrk" ever -eventful letter 4 . He was . dumbfounded A poitfc sMfreri crept j a?#, him, and .lodged, like anictote; ia his) heart. His soul was frozen — his brajuowssj deadened.. He tried- to stand up; ,-. Hist- limbs refused their office.- He : shivered with. a. ghost- 1 like cold, and a clammy petepirAtibri - broke j out over him; He- suffered' nopriri-jifc.was j a«r(®y— a death- agony, hehoped, jif (in. the ; feusoma aud paralysed camiibtont r in /which j be then was,, , mentally and phpsiCaity,; ha could rbe said to : realise .- ftuythi ngr-even a j hope that the agony of death iwas . upbn.hitn, ; He was -roused bv. a sharp knock aidhe hall- 1 door, , aud presently Molly appeafcecl . with a - letter and small boar.: He seized the letter— it was irom after.! It .contained his fate, and the.boxhis feWi presenfe j to her J He broke open the seal; (for it was /sealed?) laid the box on the table. Yes, the letter was from Angelina, and it j did contain his fate ; but a far: differentiate i from the one he had just soagoMstogly. aati- : cipated. It would be useless Jto try to analyse I his blessed revulsions of ..feehag, and so I will give the letter in full, underscoring and .all: Strictly Private. Hose Vale Villa, Sydenham, ®;®. W ednesdayRvemsg. "My own Darling Fitfid, I sit mer down ' to write you a sensible and most iniporinnt- letter. There is no use in our playing children any longer. That has occurred - to-day which fills mvsoul with dread, but which has -roused the spirit within rae ; and I have a 'Bpirita' spirit dangerous to rouse ! 1 got out of papathfreven- iug what I had long, ffuesscd, andthat Wasthat thas wretched LordGlenmore had -actually had the effrontery to propose to papa formfe J ' And, worse, that papa had. given his cohsent. JTimporie. I told, papa that I would beg my bread in the streets sooner than be the 4 wife of that miserable wretch. Yes, that was the name I called him. Papa's noi in a fit condition for me to reason with him to-night, but I shall have a scnon talk With him to-morrow morning. Fred darling, I am very unhappy, and wish matters were settled between us; Lfeetfromlmy soul that, you love me, and I tliat I love you. M' hat more is required ? I cannot and \vill not bear this strain any longer. - I will horsewhip that man if he comes to me. again. €ome over here boldly at fiveo 'clock to-morrow evening and ask for rae. I shall remain: at home for you. .We can . then definitely; arrange all and everwihiny . You kn<m> wheUt I j mean. All must be dejinitelyarraftgedb'efor'e Igo \ to bed io-morrcao night. How, I wish to allude to a mistake you made ' to-day, but of which Ijam »<9ry . tofbecauBe-it proved how dearly yolz were anxioue to:see 'me. j When papa's back was- turned', I ;! opened your letter, ana was surprised W . liuu. 111 we i envelope, wot one of your dear- notes, but, a i pawnticket for your watch for three pounds ten | shillings ; I saw ata glance howdt Was. Yon were <z;?£wt« to-coine here and1 see 'trie A You i did not happen to have the money; You ; scorned to borrow it, andlike a honourable ' bog that you 'are.,, you preferred to raise' the | amount on your watch, and you. gave me the Wrong envelope 1 Ain- 1 not clever- to guess at your secrets ? I felt as if I ' could cryat your anxiety to see rue, and I did ci%- We got back to Sydenham early, and! at httce Sbnt ! dear old J <ick who is asru as steel,' for the I watch, which I herewith return. = Bat another i fumy thing is ihat the - watch' whs pawned at one bf >apa"s establishments— that Us; ih'ene Of the establishments in which- he has . an interest — sleeping partner , or Something - of ' that sort. J will get that pawnticket back,: ; and-have it framed in a golden frame, set with diamonds, and kept in our drawing-room unddrb a glass shade, and it will be to me the most, precious 'objec t in my possession next to your dam starling sdf and the wedding ring , which you nan place ! on my finger as soon as ever your highness ! wishes. That little pawnticket . proved to me i the depth of your love ; aud i adready lore that ! dear old pawnticket, and ever shall. God bless you, darliug. Come to-morrow at five o'clock, I shall be waiting for you. — Your own loving and devoted Angelina. M.R.Y.M. laid down the letter, and first went down on his knees and thanked the great Creator who had implanted in his soul a love for his dear girl for having in such A wonderful and providential,, if-- hot A almost jnir iculous, manner brought it to suoh a happy- issue. - He wrote a brief letter to Angelina — his heart Was too full to write much, ana he told her so -enclosing the letter he had intended to give her. He did not fail to call at Rose Vale Villa at I1VG fiVlobV no-rt nnAMi'n/v — vwwa. ucab ctclililgi He saw Angelina and he saw her father also, and With both the interview' was most batis- -actory. Old Richenham was even humbie and deferential. He had received two letters that morning Which had revolutionised him. One was from MJR. Y. M.-'s dear - bid' « uncie, maMngjvnr ihbst handsome and generous proposition, - should he jaarry Angelina. Some one had - evidently been jisting the old man in his regard- The second one whs froth an old fridnd of MrC Hlchenhdm, giviri g hiw Some patitidterWhich hid reached hmi re'gavdiiig1 the -careeT' of hoiff Vrbount Gteiitnord— -wbK8 tfinii afiytSidt oW j Richenfhatu could, by ahy posMbdilp lhriie siiri !ai86d blind as he was to the rutnouss Which were constantly reaching hiin regarding that in dividual's past life. He put them ail .down to! hvy ahdmAlree. , But when it came to the proof that the Lord j > iscount Was already teamed | gnddhat his vis- i dountess was still living in an Australian city Jtith three children; it- wasrifiM tbolpSi tds-eyes f ®hato shut Ms dofar in thC imptrdhfitf sfnistdr | face of the Irish-peer, whe that day received a I letter from Mr. "Kicftenhdin's solicitors, the per- hsal of which hardly increased the placidity of I his temper, never very amiable. Suffice to say, j he disappeared from London,«®d-ha8 not since I turned up, nor Ishe likely to dd hb. . .» . drawing rotjni' bf "BorhiAn'ddtt1- fean! JStafeite gbjaeff withM j loundedby every luxury— tfce mbst ®f that home' of splmdojri!. ViKut«rs;start re»a d eftconnter the face of a pawnticket, but' story 'of toy life from the lipa of or, I Angelih-hiswife.— » 