CHAPTEB XV. A SU1>DKN \VEI)1»IS0. Tha guards aud keepers bustle about from cell to cell, and tbo maniac woman still shrieks at them to catch the pale-faced But there is no ghost to be eeen, and they find tha cell doors all locked nod quiet, and after a little more parading and a few oaths at the maniao, they disperse end return to their former quarter!'. The keepers drop down and aro soon sound asleep again, but the guard wnlks up and down aud smokes, passing and repassing poor Bess orousbingin her hiding place. She clasps her hands end prays that Bhe may die, rather than be consigned to her dreary cell again, and while sho prays the guard vanishes. lie bethinks himself that there is some brandy on a table in the re ception room above, and feeling unusually tlilraty and sluggish, ho runs up to refresh himself. Bess hears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless steps, and Bhe stands before the great outer door, and, as Josie said, the huge bey iB in the look. She seizes the key with both hand3. It turns in the look with a rasping Bound, and the door swings open. She darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, flies along the subterranean court, up the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. The silent summer skies are above her—the cool, damp winds fan her hot As she stands dazed with the bliseful fancy that she is free, a figure darts out from the ivy gloom, and a firm hand grasps her arm. “Here you are at last,” whisporB Josie’s voice. “Come—quick 1” Sho hurries her out towards the main gate, which they find standing slightly ^“■Come," urges Josie; and she drags her half-fainting companion through, and out into the narrow path that leads down the They are scarcely out when a figure rises silently from the roots of a huge tree, and in a twinking the gate is locked, and Jacques “ Here you are at last,” whispers Josie. “ Come plods up and down the gravel, puUing.away at his pipe, as stolid and impenetrable^ tho desert sphinx. Meanwhile JoBie puts her dimpled fiat to her red mouth, and utters a faint whistle like tho ory of a bird, still holding her com panion’s arm. Swift as thought another figure shoots up from amid the olive growth—a tall, impos ing figure this time. Ho leaps up the crag, and reaches Josie's side. “Bess,” he gasps—“Bess, my darling, ie it you ?" Bess lifts her wan, white face, and the moon shines through a rift in the low- lying clouds and falls full upon it. St. Aubyn sees it, recognises it in a breath, and catches her in his arms with a low, passionate cry. But Bbe struggles, to free herself, a strange expression in her wist ful eyes. “ Oh, let mo go, Lord St. Aubyn,” aht murmurs, in r> broken, piteous voice, “I hod no thought of seeing you. I—I hoped it was Redmond." St. Aubyn does not comprehend her faltering words, and holds her fast, all his old, mad, short-lived lovo blazing up afresh. Sensible, matter-of-fact Josio, however, puts an end to his little lovo scene with great ooolness. “ My lord,” she says, touching his aim, and pointing with a nod of her curly head towards the madhouse, on tho upper terrace of which unusual lights are gleaming, “ Look there I In a f6w minutes the keepers will b8 in pursuit of us. Don’t you think we had better escape while we can?" “ Yes, yes ; what a fool 1 am 1” cries St. Aubyn ; and taking Bess in his strong arms, as he caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down the steep at a headlong pace. It is characteristic of the man that he should forget Josie and lose sight of her danger; he never cared for any earthly thing save his own self- gratification. And at this moment it pleases and charms him to have Bess restored to him in this ro mantic and marvellous fashion. So be dashes down, olaspmg her. .closely, utterly unmindful whether the child behind him breaks her neck or not. It might have boen aB well for my lord, tbeMarquis of _ St. Aubyn, if she had, taking after events into consideration; but there was little fear of such a catastrophe. Jpsie’sfoot was as fleet and sure as the foot of a mountuin chamois, and she descended the dangerous path, and was at the door of the carriage, which stood in the valley below, quite as soon as my lord himself. lie sprang in, still clasping Bess in his arms, and then, turning to speak to the driver, he saw ilia girl to whose wondrous courage and skill he was indebted for his great happiness. Ah, 1 had quite forgotten,” he said. "Come, ray brave little girl, jump in.” Joeie’e fearless eyes had something very near akin to contempt in thoir shining j I depths, as she looked up at the handsome | nobleman. “ No, my lord,” she said, quietly, “ I am going botao.” Bus Bess struggled up and put out her white face. Piease—oh, please don’t leave mo 1” she entreated. “Hush!” interposed St. Aubyn, before Josie could answer; “yon may rest now, my darling, and go with me. She shall come to you to-morrow. Come to Nivernois to-morrow, my girl—do you hear?” Josie nodded, and the carriage dashed ofif down the river-road, while the girl pursued her way.across the grove to the little cottage on the suburbs of Moulino. The hot, cloudy night ie ended, and over the hills the Sabbath morning dawc3. A bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff lireeze ruffling the river, and drifting tho fleecy clouds across the dazzling river. In the white boudoir at Nivernois Court, on a white velvet eouoh, all starred and fringed with silver, Bess lies. Her toilet has just been made, in obedience to my lord’s order, and Felieo, the French maid, has found tliat wondrous becoming wrapper of white and blue silk Bomowhero amid the many treasures of Nivernois, and clothed Bshb’s willowy figure in it. There she lies, fair as a snow-drop, passive as p. babe, a great wistful tenderness in her brown eyes. Mr3. Heath, the housekeeper, appears with a dainty breakfast on a silver tray, and insists that tho young lady must eat; and Bess rises obediently, and tries to eat tho broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to choke her. Then she lies down again, she feels so tired and weak, and listens, in a languid j way, to the Sabbath bells chiming in | Monlins, wondering what the poor creatures i at Mount Chateanroux arc doing—silent tears of gratitudo trickling down her cheek3 meanwhile. Sbc'is free, but yet there is a look of regret in her sweet, meek eyes. She hears tho bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian life; ebe thinks of her father, and her tears flow faster. “Ah.” she murmurs, despairingly, “if I could have gone to Kfflmond ! Oh, poor Bsd raond 1—shall I never see him again ?” A quick, buoyant step rings upon the marble tiles without, and there is a sharp, impatient rap at tho door. “Como is,” says Bees, languidly, and St. Aubyn enters. Ho reaches tho oouch at a bound, and has the little, passive figure in bis arms. “JIv poor little dove, my precious little Bess !’’ be half sobs, dropping hot kisses on her trembling mouth and white checks. “ Oh, to think how I have believed you dead and buried, and how I have mourned for you! Oh, iiess, Bess, if you bad come to mo from your coffin, it oould not seem stranger. I am so happy. Child, what makes you tremble? Aro you afraid V Why, sweet, no harm can reach you here. You are mine— mine to love and cherish forever. Bess, look at mo; let mo see your sweet eyos; ana tell me if you are glad to get back to me again ?” Bess looks up, and meets his mesmeric gaze, and a faint flash rises in her waxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none of their old dangerous power. “ Yes,” she falters, “ I am glad.” “ And you will do precisely as I wish yon, dearest?"continues St. Aubyn. " Yes, my lord." He breaks into a gay laugh, and covers her face with caresses. “ Then, yon demure little nun,” he ories, exultantly, “in an hour from now you Bhall say, not my lord; but my husband. See here, Bess, this is yonr wedding ring, till— tm—well”-ho stammers and falters, remembering that Lady CaBsandra now wears the old St. Aubyn opal, in token of her en gagement to himself—“ till I can get the old opal you once wore. It Bhall be yours yet; but tbi3 will do now, in its stead. There is a priest all ready in the bouse, and we will go before the old Nivernois altar, and be made man and wife, and then, my own love, no earthly power eball part us. Shall it not be so?" A faint sob escapes her, and she looks up at him with entreating eyes. _ “ Oh, my lord,” he falters, “ you are good and kind, but it must not bo—it oannot be. Don’t you know,-, that Bhe loveB you ?—Lady Cassandra,-! meaiv?>Dou’t yon.know that she parted us, andyput me in that dreadful place, because—because she oould not beat to see me your wife ?" “Yes, I know,” St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veins starling out on his white brow. “There is no need to remind me of all the wrong you have suffered at that wicked, heartless woman’s hands.. Bat the hands of vengeance is now at hand. Lady Cassandra’s pride Bhall be humbled in the dust beneath your feet, my darling. I Bhall do it, though sho were a hundred times my cousin.” Bess starts up, her face white with pain and terror. “ Oh, my lord," she gasps, “ don’t say suoh terrible things 1 The past is done with now, and I am free. If I can forgive her, surely you can." “No, Bess, Ij cannot forgive her. I shall hand her over to be dealt with by the law." “My lord, for shame,” cried Bess, with flashing eyes; “and she a woman sprang from the same race! She was forced into doing what she did by your neglect and in fidelity. She loved you, my lord, and looked upon you as her promised husband. You should never have deserted her for me." “ Bess 1” exclaims his lordship. " It is the truth, my lord. But it is' too late even now to undo all this wrong. You must go back to her, my lord, and be true to her, and tell her that I freely forgive ’ “ And you, Bess, my d—iing ?” qoerfee St. Aubyn, with an amnsed smile on hie lip.—(7b be contiimed.) 