HALLUCINATION. Yotrask nie why lam going to many? I can scarcely dare confess to you the strange and inconceivable reason which urges me to this insane course. I am gorng i to marry in order not to be alone. ; '- i™ I do not ,kmny how to tell it—jiow-to Bake. mysaf inn?ereto<a. You will pifcy jne Imd vou^rill *tespise jme wh'" $aowiipR-hata& wnpxfieg state of gP 1 -:;? do noj^rantito b£ilpne kny inoie^ at night: 1 wnnt to feel some neiSft o§jix me, close to me, a being that can speak; say something, no matter what I want to be able to rouse that being from sleep, to be able to ask that being any question suddenly—even a stupid question, so that I can feel my dwelling is inhabited—so that I can lqiow that ja. mind, is awake, that a reasoning power is at work—so that, if I suddenly light ay candle, I can see a human face beside me—because—because (how dare I avow my shame?)—because I ara.afraid when I am by myself J Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? am not afraid of any. dancer. If a. man were to come in I would kffl him without a shudder. I have no fear of ghosts; I do not believe in the supernatural. I am not afraid of the dead; I believe in tlie total annihilation of every human being that passes awnv. Then ? Ves, then! "Well, I am afraid of myself! I am afraid of being cfraid; afraid -of the mental spasms -&iat; are driving me road; afraid of the horrible sense of incomprehensible tenor. Laugh if you please! It is hideous; it is incurable.- I am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of -familiar objects whi<& seem to me to become animated with a sort of animal life. Above all, 1 am afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the confusion of my reason which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by ^ some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. First I feel a vague disquiet that passes into my mind and makes all my flesh creep. I look around toe. Nothing! And I feel a need of something. Of what? Something incomprehensible. Then I become .afraid, simply because I cannot comprehend my fear. I epeak! I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then I am frightened by the unknown which is behind tiie door, or' behind the curtain, or inside the armoire, or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly well there is nothing in any of those places. I turn around suddenly s c f t because I am afraid of what is behind me, although there is nothing behind me, and I know it. I am nervous; I feel tlie scare growing upon me, and I lock myself into, my room, and bury myEelf in bed, and. hide my head under the bedclothes, and, cowering there, I shut my eyes in desperation, and thus remain for a seemingly infinite length of time, oppressed by the thought that my candle is still burning on the . little table beside; the bed, and uiat I should really blow it oiit. - And yet I dare not! . ' Is it i»t frightful to be in such a condition? There .was a time whea l never felt this -way. I used to go home feeling perfectly calm. I went out and came in without.anything to trouble ihe serenity of my mind. If X had then been told what a stupid and terrible disease of fear—of incredible fear—would come upon me in after days I would certainly have laughed. I used to open the doors in . the dark with perfect confidence; I used to make my preparations for going to bed quietly, witlout even bolting mysdf in, and 1 never thonght of getting up in the middle of the night to see if all the entrances to my room -were, strongly secured. The trouble began last year in a singultr way. It was in autumn, on a certain damp: evening. When my housekeeper had taken her departure, after I had dined, I asked myself what I was going to do. Foi some time I walked up and down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed, incapable of doing any work, lacking even the mental .force to read. A fine ram was ^SK^ii permeated by one of those causegg attacks of despondency which make you feel inclined to cry—rwhich make a man want to talk to somebody or anybody in order to shake off the weight of one's own fancies. I felt lonesome. Kever before did my duelling seem so empty. An infinite and heart-sickening solitude surrounded me. Wliat was I to do? I sat down. Then a nervous impatience seemed to passiuto my I got up and began to. walk again. Perhaps I was also a little feverish, for my hands, clasped behind my back, seemed to burn one another when they touched. Then a sudden cold shudder rail down my back. I thought that the outside dampness was entering the room, and it occurred to me that it would be well to light a fire. I lit it, and 1 sait down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impossibility of remaining quiet in any one position forced me to get up again, and I.felt that. I would have to go out somewhere, to stir myself, to find a friend. I went out. Firet I visited tlie houses of three different friends, no one of whom was at home; then I went on the boulevard, resolved to find some acquaintance or other. It was dismal everywhere. The wet sidewalks were shining. A watery lukewarmness—one of those lukewarmnesses which nevertheless chill you -with.sudden shivers —seemed to bear'dowii "over the .whole strcetand to make the gas jets bum-weaiily and dim. I walked along sluggishly, saying oyer and over again to myself," 1 won't find anybody to talk to." Several .times I looted into all the caftx between La Madeleine and the FaubomgPoissonniere. Only miserablelooking people, who did not seern to have even-run enough to fini^h "what they had ordered, were sittingat the tables. I wandered abojjt in this way for a long time, and abont midnight I took my wajhome. I was . quite caim,1)ut very tired. My eonc«TOe,-wfio tlwaysgoes to bed before eleven o'clock, opened the door f or me tit once, contrary tb hisosual habit; and'I thought to myself,Hello! some other lodger must have jiist eonettpetairs." . Whenever outjTali|&ys; doulileiobli: my door. This time I found it simply pulled to, and the fact impressed . me. I thought that perhaps some letters might have been brought np-e£air6 during die' evening. I went in. -Jfy fire was stStt burning, even brightly enough to light iip the apartment. I took the candle in order to kindle it at the grate, when, as I looked light before me, I saw some one sitting in iny easy-chair, with his. back turned to me, Apparently warming his feei &t; tbfe fire. 1 was not startled at all—not fill least in the world. A very natural supposition occuned to me, namely, that one of my friends had come to pay "me a-visit. Tlie concierge* to whom I had given instructions when 1 went ont, had naturally told the visitor that I would soon be back, and had lent him his own key. My friend, whose hair alone I could see over the back of the chair, had evidently dropped asleep while waiting for my return, and I proceeded to wake him np. I then got a distinct view of him. TTis right arm. hung down; his feet were crossed one over the other, and the way his bead drooped a little to the left of tlie arm-chair, showed plainly enough that he was asleep. I asked myself, "Who is it?" The light in the room was not strong enough to see perfect! V by. I pnt out my hand to touch his shoulder. My hand touched only the wood of the .chair! Nobody- was there! The chair was empty 1 Mercy 1 what a shock it gave me. First I leaped back as if some terrible peril had made itself visible. Then I turned round, feeling that somebody was behind me; then, almost as quickly, an imperative desire to look at that cJiair again made me whiri around a second time, and I stood, there panting with-fear, so bewildered as to he' incapable of thinking—on the "very point of falling. But I am by nature « cool man, and my elf-possession soon returned. I thought to yself, "I have just had an hallucination— all!" And! immediately beganto reflect ..on ihe phenomenon. • In such oments the mind operates rapidly. I had had^n hallucination^-that wasan fact! Now my mind-had all the - time' remained dear, performing its unctions ^regularly -and logically. . There was consequentiy no affection of the brain. The eyes alone .had been deluded, and had deluded my imagination., .The eyes had* Tiaon-Hone of those visions that . make imple minded folk bdieve in miracles. It CTasamply&nervDuseccidentto; the optical apparatus—nothing more; • perhaps there was a slight congestion. .. . .'• •Flighted my candle. As:I .bent down the Are. J found myseUtrembUsg.sand I drew myself up again- < with .a. «ndden star%as if some one had touchGdme fiom. \- i-s i. - - . * Certainly my nErves -were oat ol order. : I -walked to and fro for a little while, talked aloud to myself. I hammed a few airs. Then I double-locked the door of m; room, and began to feel somewhat reassurec At all events, nobody could get in. Again I sat down, and for a long time I thought over my adventure. Then I put out my lightand went' to bSL, For a fewjininutas everything seemed aU; right. I remained lying quietly on my pack. Then I-felt art irresistible desire "to look at my ioom, aiid I-turned over on my side. My fire held only two or three red embers, which barely lighted the legs of tlie-chair; and I thought I saw the man sittingthere again. I struck a match quickly; but! had been mistaken—I could see nothing. Nevertheless, I got up, took the chair and placed it out of sight behind my bed.. Then I made everything dark again, and tried to go to sleep. I could not have sunk into unconsciousness for more than five minutes, when I saw in a dream, and as distinct as reality itself, the whole incident of that evening. I awoke in terror, and after striking a light, sat up in bed without daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seized upon me for a few moments, in spite of myself. Twice I saw the same thing. I thought I had actually gone mad 1 . When daylight appeared I felt completely cured, and took a peaceful sleep until midday. It had passed—entirely passed. I had had a fever, a nightmare, or something of that sort. I had been sick. Nevertheless, I thonght myself very much of a fool. That day I was quite jolly. . I dined at the cabaret, went to tlie theatre, and then started for home. But, as I drew near m house, a fitiaage feeling of uneasiness tool possession-of me. I was afraid of seeing him again — him! Rot afraid of him xactiy^—not. afraid of his presence in which 1 did not believe, bnt afraid of another optical trouble, afraid of the fear that would come upon me. For more than an hour I walked up and down the sidewalk. Then at last I decided that this was absolute folly, and I went in. I panted so that I could scarcely climb the stairs. I stood on the landing m front of my room for fully ten minutes more. Then, uddenly, I felt a rush of courage, a bracing up of will. I plunged my key into the lock; I rushed forward with a lighted andle in my hand; I kicked in tlie unastened door of the room, and threw one errified glance at the fireplace. I saw nothing. Ah! what a relief! What a joy! What a deliverance! I went to and fro with a swaggering air. But still I did not feel perfectly comfortable. I would turn round by fits and starts to look behind me; tlie darkness in the corners of the room frightened me. I slept badly, being incessantly startled out of my rest by imaginary noi6es. But I never saw him. Kb—that was all over. Ever since that day 1 have been afraid to be alone at night. I can feel it there, close to me—the vision! It did not make its appearance again—oh, no! And what matter, anyhow, since I dont believe in it, since I know that it is nothing. Still, it annoys me, because I keep all the time thinking about it. One arm was hanging down on the right side; his head dropped a little to the left, like that of a man asleep. Come, that's enough of it. I don't want to think any. more about it. And still, what is this feeling of being haunted? Why does it persist in this way? His feet were close to the fire, e haunts me; it is madness, but it is Who is he ? I know perfectly well that he does not exist—that it is nothing whatever. He only exists in my apprehension, in my fear, in my anguish. That's enough. Tes, but ifs no use for me to reason-with myself about it—no use to try to brace up against it; I can't remain alone at home any more, because he is there! I know I won't see him any more; he won't sho^ ^jSSJLSKJS^--But iHs ~is~tiiere 'ail the same, in my thoughts. Because he remainB invisible, it does not follow that he is hot there! He is behind tlie doors, in the armchair, and under the bed—in all the dark comers, in all the shadows. If I stir the door ever 60 gently so that it .creaks upon its hinges, if I open my armoire, if I lower my light to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon the comers, upon tlie shadows, he is not there, but I feel him behind me! I' turn round, certain all the while that I am not going to see him, that I shall not see him again. lie is behind still for all that it is stupid and atrocious! What would would ypu have me do ? But if there were tjro of us together at home, I feel perfectly sure he would not be there any more. He is there because I am alone. 