A Siberian Tragedy. I)i Qi uiwl Muoii, Itlnio AidKfl \w\' a fikudu, blonde htnu'l liltla l'lirniiute who or 00 lined to (.'auw lul tly in the b till 100m of tho Chinnpj 1j -rii *, nnd unllii t;ii!- ot thu Ihiiif.u of Ilm bonlovaid, hut hIil moi no lonis--r ftlt ijitaciit 111 1 uyihiri I'aiui WiiM to hor a \ Atn 1 cd tiuatn, j li 1 1 x nn unchanging reality Njiil inuiitl u out of tvciy jtni of bUiiU.nlour iful biiow j, \ l.iitouili.noL, cLiond 1 g horn hcri/ou tj lion. 01 , thon a bn°f rcjpite, uhen thu Ik kid t light 11o\vpi, and loIoi milled tin luth cvoi- valKiy and over evorv hill, and iiinii'iiGfubla lupeuln buzzud in tho green underwood of tho oleppou— ouch 18 Slb-HUl B'jo had married Count Aralol'f, tho Qavernor of l'obolak, to savo hor father from iu n, but this child ot the uiphnlt thrived bu1 poorly ill' tho deuort, iind'her husband 6iuv, nnd with Guoa an| cr, Hint iho could not cn durt ) 01 prce ntlift., uow there wis nothiuK in ooiuaiou between them but tho clmiu of niprringo by which ho hild her 1 Surnioh tho llusuian nnd you wi'l find tho Tartar.' Nothing onn bn more tr.uo. Primitive raoea can but npo tho Hontimonto and rellnomentn of feoliug whioh mako bear nblu our lives, und Count ArdloG oould not paB3 tho gulf— Ilia imptiBaablo gulf— tho gulf mado by oonturiea of civilisation whioh lay between him and his wife. Ho could- hold hor to his. bosom, but oven then iiho seemed noaror to Vanoa, n young Polish offiner, than him. And yet.no friocdabip could bo piiror ; they wcro merely exiloa who talked of their distant bomc9,'thcit lost friends, aud ? their abandoned dreams. . .' Uuk uuch' bouUbicuIs ato'llU^-nndoretpod in Siberia, and Ugly little 'ra'more coneerning Mmc. Araiofl nnd young Vunou had begun to be whispered —tho end of n phrauo hiesod (slightly and a oonoIudinB smile turned some what Borpont-wiso — that was all. - Oount Ardlol'f watchod and waited, rd Buii-, pioious nnd fierce na n wild cat. ' .? llq wko a mnu about fifty; hia beard wrd strong and gray, and ho utooil liko a Hercules, l''ivo yeaiB pnsmid in Puris had lent him c disguise whioh, in his ordinary moods,- per fectly enabled him to.hido his- Turtnr ohwao ter, and whon oho married him, tha bright tfrunoh fiirl littlo thought thnt n few glassos of chainyagnn or a Blight oontradiotion would transform tho elegant gentleman on whoso arm fcho leaned into a savage Cosuaok.. Now a florco gleam shot from hia oyos ns they fell upon hid wife, who, 'lying biiok in her cnity-chuir, ant languidly - 'listening to Ynuoa'u clear voioe. It hinttered not to the oount what thoy wore saying. Ha did not olay to oouaidor v/hether they were planning im elopement or talking of tho ouipeior. Ho iiioroly luilcd her for appearing (0 bn oa iu timato with one of liia olHasrM. fSho bclunged si him ; Hho wua his property— a property he had acquired bnoaUEe it hid pleaeed 'him to do 50. Wlint, then, did oho ivioivn by think ing of or oonoorning hornelf nbout nnyono OlDO? . Ttioao woro tho oount'a ihoughta aa ho took tho oard.4 that had been handed to him und shuliUd them through hia alrongfingerfi. Same eijiht or a dozen gentlemen in the uni form ot the Russian Army wore grouped around him, n lady pn!i at tho piano, and oounloH ' wero Boated under the greenery of thi) exotic plants) with which tho reoiiasea of tho room -wore filled. Thcro wca not much' conversation, tho intercut of tbo company hi ing apparently osulred in tho count. 1:1 very now nnd thon uomeono paosecl i'.oiosb tbo room, aud, nf tsr watching tho cnrOa for a few minuteR, wonld orinijingly murmur somo worda of adultotion. Every phrnf,n beKnn or ended with ''Your cxo-jlleuov,'! and wao rounded o-if with n bow. lint tho oount paid very littlo ntteuiion to hia flatterers. When ho bad liniuhod deal ing, na ho throw down tha hist ecrd, ho ghiucod again iu the diroution whero his wile waa siUiiiK. Aa uho.liatenod to tbo young Pole, her atti tude grow more and jnora abandouod, Ue opoko to her of her p:\st life, of a lout.lovo ; and tho ncceuta ol regret with which he nar rated hia experiences reminded hor o£ how oho had enffiirod oimilnr deceptions ; of how her aspirations and glad vinronshad, like his, perinhei]. They spoko of thciiie sad, eternal trutha which each pair of loveru fnuoy they nlono lmvedisoovorcd, but whiah hnvo moved nil past gonerutioiiB, na thoy will donbllesa, movo nil thoHO wliicl) nro oomiug to birth, till ronn'a uoulhan ccnBOd to bo what, it ii. So absorbed wero Vanc.i and Mmo. Ardloff in tho eoutoruplation of tha pnat, Hint they woro only bo much cousuiouii of o«oh other H3 each helped the other to reclinfl iheir eaparalo lives. '1'ho ootor world had faded from them, nnd in tho inpuiuating emotion which -drew them toaothev sho leaned her hamlii over tbo edgo of the chair, nnd, follow ing Uiu movement instinctively, ho took, up the glove she had laid down nnd played with it. At this eign of intimacy, tho count's eyes ikflhfil vindictively, nud ho called to hio wife, impatiently : '' Marie, will you order fiomo oham paRne?' , Without nnawering, nho told Vanoa to ring tbo bell. Instantly rising, ho complied with her request, nnd then, forgetting ho hAi' not roturnod the acuntosa her Rlovo,, .Bl-fipped to Bpaak to a friend, Ilin friend tried to warn him with n look-,- but, beforo a word apuld bo gp.it1,;- ti.iol'olo hud. walked across ftoTopm, still twirling the fatal glovo in his firigora. . ^ .Ho did thia with, a certain nonohainnee that wpuld havo an'gsrfld a better- tampered ijitn thi\a .Cfeunt Arfiioff, A_ iyrim twowl ^ufasto} ^tir'dsB liia 6oe, a»d ho vfi&itifletci; Eomelli,ii)g t'o nn -nida-ge-oit'mp, w!hvo atootV near him. Tho elllior left tlio room. It waa a terrible momont, (nil of oonotoniR tion and ailenoj; but before tho unfortunate I'olo bud time lo rnalitio hU danger two Oos nack stildiora u'nteryd tho apartment. The oompauy gave w.iy before them, withdrawing into iJroupa nud lines. Vanoa had his back turned (0 them, anil ho Btill wrapped the Jatnl glovo round nnd round hia fliigcwi. He stood aa if lost iu re.vorio, sonnning u marblo bust of tha oountcBS. Ali lftat the BtillncRS of tho room awoke him, nnd, aa thu Ooesaeka wero about to mine him, )io turned. His frightened eyes met thoira ; ho . stnttnd b«ok preuipitotdy, but, with a quiet .ninyemerit, th.o (loliiiorfllaid hands upon him, In n low voioo tho nideda oamp said : ' You nra arreatod by order of hia excel lenoy,' Dazed and bewildered, Vnnoa pualiod the Koldiors fiom him, and, stretohing forth his haiiila, appealed to tbo count. 'How is thia, your excellency?' ho cried, wildly; 'I am guilty of nothing. There must bo Koine mistake,' Count Ardloff stood broad, tail and vih diotivo, v/ith tho light of luctre. shining full on his high, bald forehead; and iron-gray beard couooaled the lower part of hie equaro faon. YanaQ cried 0110 more word of appoal, nnd then stopped, puzzled. SImq, Ardlolt arose, pale and trembling, but her husband motioned her away. Tho guests remained in raws, Btill na tho figures of a h'iex.o, and, at a sign from tho oilieer, with a movement of shoulders, tho OosHticka forced tho Polo from the room. The scone wan very ehoit. ? . Jmmociintuly after, thn oount spoke of in different things, and plaaacs of ohnmpagno were liuudnd rQiind. Mmn. Ardloff slarod vuoantiy, nnabiii t-J collect her thotiglyta ; till, ?fiuddetily seoing the glove whioh Vanoa had dropped, tbo reason of hia arrest dawned upon her,. aud Rim trembled violently, and so ttgiUtod was abo that obe aonW soarcely Bay good-byo to lier.gueBts. Tho oount, how ever, dismifleod /them rnridly, fipenkiug all the while of the approaching summer, the number of aonviota that had ouoripod from tho miaePi and tho eiuporori .When hubbaiid und wife wero niorie, the count picl-cil up thu glova und handed it to tho uounlcsri, wilh an iionieiil Biifilu, nnd, without nlluding to wbuthnd imppened.Biiid thut it wuu very Into, and iKivifitd her to re tire to her room. ; ??, She obeyed without attrnvoring. fjlin knew uomething honiblo wnu going to happen, nud, slnptui'd with fonr, she iounlcd tha iitairuiiB.'. He eliiyed bobind to give ftu order, and, mastering, her feuiB, Bho liMttincd. .'? ? . : .''?'. Ho-wn'a tulkins! iu tho hall below to Inn aido-do-oamp, and aho heard him Buy that Yanua munt bo at onco 'degraded to tbo rauku, und her heiirt boat with joy nt tha piospcot of hia ecottpirig with ho lilight a puniBhmont. Her emotion wan ao great that Bho did not outoh' the nrxS phriiHe; niid wheu sho heard again, hor.liuub'nml wa« ?.telllng'hifl oflieor to hnvo nil in rcadinoEH, V.tliat ho would bo nt tbo barra'cko at uiuo nexb morn i'hero waa something Htrnngo in thu',-and Mmo. Ardloff wuut iicmbling-to her room.; Tho shadows teemed iivid nnd th« lump burned luridly, ai?.d opptcBSoi with tho hor roru of tho evening, Bho sat in tho ailonos, nlrnid to go to bod. ? .. \ i Through the froisen;' window-panes'' ,'bh'o could fjte.({listinini? tho \yido flnows of tho Siberian win tor.' Wenrily'Bho asked heraolf why ehohnd'baen condemned to livo in theeu impasaablo deBortn. The howl pt a dog broke tho stillneea of tho night, and it Bounded iu her exulted mind liko tho, luot dying cry of Eome poor ono unjuiUly dono to'Sialh. Wimt was to become of Vnnea ? '. Why could hot sho savo him ? Save him I Wns tht-ro noed for thnt? Blurting to herjeot1, B'ha 'strove by, nu effort of will to rid heisjlf of her terrors.. Then, shaking with tqrcliodingB und regrets, Bho undrcuued ; butuhundied fiuieioaaBaailed her imagination ami gave lifo lo tho lljiuMa' on tho tapestry, to the nhndowd on thoflaor, and, white, liito a ghost in n tomb, she Iuy rostiem'in hcrlarpo bed.' . '?;'-;.1 .' Bleep 'fled 'from her, untilnt Met Rho fell into a deep, dreamluaa torpor, from whiob, toward .morning,, ahii. wna nwaifOJicd hy a heavy tramping of fett ivr tho corridor. A moment iiTtpr her husband entered. Hn was attired iii tho llu-mian rnilitury- cloak, und hin hand was on his Hw,ord,; J \ .-,-...?? .'! Get up,' ha said, impatiently ; ' I want you to comb out with me.* ?? 'I hnvu ordered the Hlodgo.' ? ??.;???? ?/.'.... ; 'Why should I get up ' n't this .hour?: It ia only ? jiiBt. . daylight, aHdl am very ii.refl.''. ' ???-?' ????'??' ???.?'?'?'??? ? :'- . .''?.'.??' ? ? ?. ' ? : ' I nm Borry you liro op tired, but I want yon to coino to thn bntraoki1.' ; .- ? ,- Kiniemboiing (1:« order sbn hftd licni'd given over night, Mine'.' Avdlcfi -turned .! jalo nt tho mention ot tho word bnrraeliu. Xwonty Ulrica eho folt iiu indcliuite doaira riling up within her to llircv hcrcolf into his nrrn* nnt( beg of him to ha meipUul ; -but hn looked so iinnluonblo thut her courage died away, und nho fnnnid thut any iutorcat lihh miglst i;bnw for Vnnca would only Etiii further }mjnd/eo hi« ohntiees of ei!O.app. Wrapping her la tig, bhwfox fur ninntjo around hor, oho told Him ishu wbh rer.0y.Hi- looked to neo if uholiKtl forgotten anything, llor hnndkorchtof lay on the table, nndns ho handed it to h« hi.i nttunlion waa atti noted hy/f,h-(U! tic scl volatile. ' V/o may wp.nt this,' he fiaid, and slippoQ it into her pocket. . ?????? 'What do you mean?' b1:o snid, turn ing suddenly ; ' nro you aoiuR to miUder mo?'1 ?? ? . ? , ..'?;? 'To murder you I' he ro|iiied, laiigbtug aynioally ; ' what nonBouHo !' % And half puahing hci beforo him, they do noended the Rtiiiroase. ribs .trietl - fiavernl .ti.incu to resiBt him, but ha ;;ot her into tho skdgo. .-.-?-. ' To tho bnrrnokii,' lib nriorl to tbo oonch man, as ha Bat down besido hia wifo nnd arranged tha rugp. Dnrillf' ihn rlrivn nnU,l-itr mvdrn n Fm.ir/T HiH fnoo was oloiided in ii uort of sullen ivoodinoua, aiid tc-xrifiod sho looked down tbo ilniiisling pcrnpcDlivoa of the outlying «ti'ctts.' 1'l.in bnrrncka worn sHuutcri (it tho (»d of tho Dftstcui Riibiub. Thn lforecs cantcrc-d bviskly, iind soon a largo bnildiog nppearnd. 1 1; stood alon(u ; nil round irtvotcln.'d tho whitn expnnso ot tho stopped ; n«d the bIccIrb puoccd a largo Bnlowny into tbo brimiok-equaro, which hud been oleured of finowi - Tho ollioer who w'na waiting to reooivo them helped tho count to desoend. Mme, Ardlolt wm told to remain Boated. Immediately after, a trumpeter blew a call aud a file of men marched to within a few yards of tht slodgo and formed themselves into a double lirip. .- ' Frout rank, quick inarob,' cried tlio officer. When they bad'gouu eight paces, ho cried, ''Haiti' and then gave tho order, ' Kiaht-about turn.' Vunaa wns then led forth, IIo wallcod be tween two Boldipw. Ho wrb nnkud to tho waist, and behind him cntnolho.cxcotitioncr. Ho carried in his hand u bavbarouu Imouf, and over his shoulder dangled its seven cruel lnfihoa. . , In ltucsin nnclliijorof tha army cennot ba Hogged, but ho oan bo degraded to tha Milks in twenty-four hours. Thin irwhst. happened in tho proccnt caeo.. Vanea was now a common solcliov, and was v.'uUi.n..-3.Jo. receivo the fifty labhea to which ho bad iison senlonoed. And Iho fashion' of ndminislering the knout in Hueoin ig-iiB follows : The aondomnod man u fprood'to walk between two iilea of Doidiora; beforo him; holding a Bword pointed nt hia breast; ia an oliiaer, who steps backward wilh a slow and pteciaopaee, whioh regujaton the Btrokes whiuh tho executioner administers. B j terrible aro tho loaded thonga, nrmed nf tho end with sharp iron hooko, that at the tenth or pleven'th blow oven tho most robust, fall -fainting to tho ground. Sometimes, however, tbn exocu fianer'is mercihsl and kills tha victim out ri'giic; blft worn ijtteu ha is forbidden to Btri,ko with Hia full force, nnd' tho mau»led being in carried to a hospital and cured of his wounds ; and thia ia repeated until ho has reooived hiu l'nll punishment. Such ig llMBBin— nud for Vanoa nil was now prepared ; thu Eoldiors stood in a line, . the ex?outioner twirled hia hiahcB, only nn c (lieer to lend tho way remained to bii appointed. It was for Count Ardloff to do this. ? ' Ifo looked nroand j there wero half-n-dozen men standing. around him, any bl.whom might havo boon ahoasu, A^ ho' Rlanood from ona to tho other, liia nttention wus nttrnoted by n runii who from n-doonvay nt' the other end of tho barrriok- ynrd,wu3 eagerly wutohiug. 'Who ia that man?'1 asked tho oount. .?-.'???? . t ? Tho man was called . It wna Vunoa'B brother. ? .-?'-.' ' What aro you waiting about the doorway for?' ' I wan waiting. to aco if your oxeollenoy would pardon my poor brother,' ropliod the Polo. ''..'? . ;.. .???.?'...? . 'Pardon your poor.brother,' said Count Ardlcil with a hitter sneer ; ' 1 will ehowyou howl pardon. Draw your sword und lead the way, arid take oaro .you don't walk too fast.' After one deep, queiitionicg look, whioh told him that thu Kusuian meant to-be obeyed, ho broko hia sword across hia knee, and said, aa ho hurled tha* pieucs scornfully aside : ,. , ? ' Do with mo as you will, hut I will not servo a country inhabited by barbarians and governed by fiends.' : .. ? Even the Ooasncka exchanged glances of sympathy, nnd had they known the whole truth, it was not impropablo that they miehthavo revolted. Soflico to say, that for a moment Mmn. Ardloff fenced for her bun band's, nafoty. But hia fmroa bijiittility dominated hiu Boldiors, nnd the elder Vanun wn3 muuaoled and a henvy'guard plaoed over him. Tho fioano that then prenentcd itself wnt this: Two files of eoldiers, Count Ardloff oommariding, atom and implacable;, ono brother half naked and bleeding, the other iu irons ; a pale woman with ugouy written in her (aao, wrapped up in furs, and n puir c faorro.i tuiiricbiuii in. their ',ri6iJUAb|ig9,jUU!;; - oonFciau' ol nujjht uUii. : ??,: : ~..:;: '.'... V' :'!'|. ;/, ; 'flu- ofiiiitr 'toolt.ftuoUic-r. slep back j tbo. , scvon'thoiiRii whirled in tho ftlri.n!-d aaum; tow into ltd furrown tbo laocrntc.d lloish. As Vuaoa BtupBored forward, his fuefl opiivu aod. wilhpnin,'hinojcB fixed on Mine. Atdleff, aiuVtuey atked, with is tern bin oloaucnou, ' Ob, why did you betray mo?' .,' , IL*r arms weioolanpcd^ndinhflremotioiit liuving lost all power of uUewnoe,1 sho strovu to u'eud forlh ker bouI to tdl him of how iu... ndoont nhir was. Then another blow fell, mid tho blood (.'quirted horribly, nud the ficah bung rngiitd. it was uiok&uing;, and, from fiheor liorror and 'nausea- Mine. ArdlriT fuiritud. ? liiit-ifc wan licvhusband'H intentiou that tho ehould viilnocB, to thu end', the; re-, vengo hu1 had bo ourefully prepared, and divhif!' hiu hand iiUo tho pocket of her. mantle, ho'prodtioed the bottkof scl volatile. With this ho (juiokly restored her to , oo_n uoiouenem), ? and ? then (iho; heard - , him. . ''Awiike, nwftlio, for 1 wish you t'oriqo lipw I puniah thoBi) who inHUlt; tne.'.;. ?' ?'??'_ r, f; V:inoa had now rectivcii uinp Btrokos.:, Ho was but nrnw niuEBot quivvring Uo?h. Hope lees and f-iintJy, littra cuio in n nightmare, Aline, Ardlcfl Btrpyo to ppcnk,-. until nt ..-: last tho V7ords long donied her roeo to her lipu, but tlioy oamo tod Into, and, mad with pain, tljo tortured man, witli it whirling, atiig'j.-', inij moiion, .precipitated himeulf ' on to tho drawn uword, and fell on. to the ground a corpse. ??''..'?. ;'; ?-.; - -.-'?' .'''.. '?'? ,.?,'. ' Thia: was unexpected. ,-Tbcro woro hurried 'wordOj nnd.n trampling of feet, and a deep Bilonoe, but Jlruqi Ardloff rombmbered.-littlo. The imprea'Rtion's ? tho. elder brother hurled afinr h« r nH'Bhp was drtyc-n away 'eounded dim: midiindifltiuot in hor caru during tho long da'yo of delirium whioh followojl thin double trcgcOy, for- on avrivinn homo , Bho enw ;her husbHiid mako. out; tho ' order, for Vanao'H (ram-portatioh to tha merdury minos. V ' v Sno plendnd and priiyed \Vildlyi but tho countortly Huiilod grhaly iiv reply to her hystorieul supplications. It 'seotiiod to her; that tho honvv/i) should fiill.tooruoh, that tho earth should. open to reoeivo,- so inhuman: a movmter. Sho raiued liur bhndfli ^ho, ircreamtil niadly, her thou(!).iln danced beforo-. her, faded nail tUcn Micro wna. a-blank ; and diiii]M- several weoltB, for her, Timo Btood B.mi; ?.:? .::'?: '- ?...-? / ????? . ?'.-? ?? :: ..??!-1 '.! illowly her DenGcs roturped to her; dim — through a ' mist; through ft . heavy .torpor, , i\\.\«A held hor' .poworlees nud inert— they returned to her, and with them n li mo the ijhas'lly mnembrsneo of a terrible ?erinio. Tho . uubjcot wna never alluded to, Ti'10 sf/air was lmshetVup';. bui timo qould noithcr blot nor tear this inuel pago out of Mine Arulofi'ii life. ?; ' Ilor .only oonHoIation ' waa' tho orrtitudo (.hut no pain was in tkue for her (;reflt?r than fiho experienced, when, year's 'utter, in a ?lml!-room at Hr. I'otcifibitrf!, Count VnncB, mi old hjuu with long white hair, and a HfuM spirn.v/ on his fuco, aiiidto her: 'M^ilaiae, I hopo you children aro very .woll.' . : , ? . ? ? ? 