STAND FAST, CRAIG ROYSTON! By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Princes Tliule," "Sabina Zero bra," "The New Prince Portunatus," &c.; , CHAPTER XIX. BETOND 8E.%*U Out here on the deck of this great White Star Liner—with the yellow waters of the Mersey lapping in the sunlight, and a brisk breeze blowing, and the curious excitement of i departure thrilling through all the heterogene ous crowd of passengers—here something of hope came to him at last. This was better than haunting lonely restaurants, or walking through solitary streets; he seemed to know that Maisrie was no longer in the land he was leaving; she had fled away across the ocean— gone back to the home, to some one of the various homes, of her childhood and girlhood. And although it appeared a mad thing that a young man should set out to explore so vast a continent in search of his lost love, it was not at all the impossible task that it looked. He bad made certain calculations. Newspaper offices axe excellent centres of intelligence; and Scotch-American newspaper offices would still further limit the sphere of his inquiries. He had dreamed of a wide and sorrowful sea lying between him and her; but instead of that imaginary and impassable sea, why, there was only the familiar Atlantic that nowadays you can cross in less than a week. And when he had found her, and seized her two hands fast, he would reproach her—oh, yes, he would re proach her—though perhaps there might be more of gladness than of anger in his tones. • * • "Ah, false love—traitress—coward heart—that ran away ! What Quixotic self sacrifice was it, then, that impelled you ?— what fear of relatives ?—what fire of wounded pride? ' No matter now; you are caught and held. You gave yourself to me; you cannot take yourself away again; nor shall any other. No more sudden disappearances—no more trembling notes of farewell—while I have you by the hand 1" The last cheers had been shouted by the people crowded on the deck of the now distant tender, the great ship was cautiously creeping down the stream, and the passengers, having done with the waving of handkerchiefs (and here and there a furtive drying of eyes) set about preparing for the voyage—securing their places at the table, investigating their cabins, and getting their things . unpacked. These occupations kept most of them in. their state rooms until close on dinner-time, so that they had not much chance of examining each other; but it is wonderful how rumour runs in a ship —especially if the purser be a cheerful and communioative sort of person ; and so it was that when all were assembled in the long and gorgeous saloon, two things had already become known: first, that the tall and hand some young Englishman who seemed to have no companion or acquaintance on board was the newMeleeted member for Mendover; and second, that the extremely pretty woman who had the seat of honour at the Captain's table was a Mrs. de Lara, a South American, as might have been guessed from her complexion, hereyeB, and hair. It appeared to be afore gone conclusion that Mrs. de Lara was to be the belle of the ship un this voyage; such things are very soon settled; perhaps one or two of the commercial gentlemen may have crossed with her before, and seen her exercise her sway. As for Vin Harris, his unopposed return for such an insignificant place as Mend over would not have secured much notice throughout the country had it not been that, immediately after the election, the great Grandison had been kind enough to write to the new member a charming note of congratu lation, which, of course, had to be published. It was a significant pat on the back, of which any young man might very well have been proua; and Mrs. Edison bought innumerable copies of that morning's newspapers, and out the letter out, and sent it round to her friendB, lest they should not have seen it. Mr. Ogden was also so condescending as to send a similar message—but that was not pub lished. Now during the first evening on board ship, strangers .mostly remain strangers to each other; but next morning things become differentA-espeoially if the weather be fine, and everyone is on deck. Small courtesies are tendered and accepted; people get introduoed, or introduce each other, on the smallest pretence—except the old stagers, the wary ones, who hang aloof, in order to pick ana choose.^ As for Vincent,- he was well content with bis own society, varied by an'occasional chat with the purser, when that ubiquitous official could spare a few moments. He was not anxious to make acquaintances. 'His thoughts were far ahead. He saw—not the thin, blue line of the Irish coast that actually was visible on the horizon—but tbe shallow waters at Sandy Hook, the broad bay, tbe long dusky belt of the city, with its innumerable spires jutting into the white sky. He was wondering how long ago it was since Maisrie and her grandfather had crossed the New foundland banks; it was a long start, bnt he would overtake them yet. Perhaps, when he was down in the,big and busy town, making his inquiries from one newspaper office to another he might suddenly find himself faee to face with the splendid old man, and the beautiful, pensive-eyed girL .... "Ah, Maisrie, you thought yon would escape!—but I have you now—never to let you go again! And if you would rather not return to England —if your pride has been wounded—if you are indignant at what has been said or suspected of you and your grandfather—well, then, I will remain with you here! My love as more to me than my home; we will fight the world together; the three of us together remaining here, if that pleases you better—only, no further thought of separation between you and me!" On this brisk and braoing morning he was leaning idly with his elbows ou the rail, and looking towards the distant line of the Irish coast that was slowly becoming more definite in form, when Mr. Purser Collins came up to him. "There's a very charming *ady would like to make your acquaintance," said the officer. "Will you'come with me, and I will introduce you?" "Oh, very well," Vincent said, but with no great eagerness. " Tell me her name now that I make sure of it." " You are favoured—Mrs. De Lara." "Oh, really," he said, indifferently. "She seems to me to have had half the men on the ship fetching and carrying for her all the morning." And indeed, when he followed the purser in order to be introduced to this lady, he found her pretty well surrounded by assiduous gen tlemen; and "If you please;—if you please," Mr. Collins had to keep repeating, .before lie could bring the new comer into the augustpre sence. Mrs. De Lara—who, on oloser inspec tion, turned out to be quite a young woman, with a pale, dear, olive complexion, softly lustrous black eyes that could say a deal, a pretty smile and dimple, and magnificent hair —received him very graciously; and at once, and completely, and without the slightest compunction, proceeded to ignore the by standers who had been so officiously kind to her. Of course their conversation was at first the usual nothings. Wonderful weather. Might be midsummer but for the oold wind. Captain been on the bridge ever since left Liverpool, poor man. Get some rest after leaving Queenstown. Was she a good sailor? Some ladies remained in their berths all the way over. Dry champagne, and plenty of it, the only safeguard. Crossed many times? And so forth. But at length she said— "Couldn't you find a chair, and bring it along ?" Now the assiduous gentleman had managed to find a very snug corner for Mrs. de Lara, where there was juet room for two deck chairs —her own and that of lier companion and friend, Miss Martinez; and Vincent, being rather shy, had no intention of jamming him self into this nook. He made some little ex cuse—and remained standing with the others; whereupon Mrs. de Lara said to her com panion— " Isabel, will you go and see that the letters I left in my cabin are all properly stamped and put in the postbag for Queenstown? Thank you, dear!" Then the moment that her faithful friend was gone, she said, with something of a French manner— " Here is a seat for you; come tell me what the news of the ship is !" Vincent could not very well refuse; though the result of her open preference and selection wasthat berotherobsequious admirers fell away one by one, under some pretenoe of playing rope-quoits or shovel-board; so tbat eventually he and she were left alone together, for Miss Mattinez did not return. "Now," said the goung grass-widow, whose very pretty chin was ouslnoned on abundant furs, "I am going to make you happy. But first of all I must tell you—you are in love." 1 "Oh, really?" said Vincent. " Ah, yes, yes, yes," she said, with a charm ing insistence. "I have watched you. I know. You keep apart; you look far away; you peak to no one. And then I said to myself liat I would make you happy. How ? By asking you to tell me all about her." Whereupon Vincent said tohimself, "You're a very impertinent woman—although you've got pretty eyes." And again he said, " But after all you arc a woman; and perhaps from you Xmay learn something moreaboutMaisrie." So he said aloud. " The deck of a steamer is hardly the place for secrets." "Why not ?" she protested. " Besides it is no secret—to any one with eyes. Come, tell me all about her— and- be happy! I wish to interest you; -Iwish you to interestme; and so let us talk absut the only thing that is worth talking about —that is, love. No: there ate two things, perhaps—love and money. But love is so full of surprises; it is the perpetual miracle that no one can understand ; it is such a wonderful, unexpected, desperate kind of thing that it will always be the most in teresting. Now!" "Well," said he—for there was something catching in the mad audacity of this young matron—"it must be secret for secret—my story for yours!" She laughed long and heartily, until her mer riment brought tears to her eyes. " Why, I m an old married woman!" sho exclaimed. "Ah, I see what your bargain means—you only want to put me off. Yon think the time and place are not romantic enough—some night, out in mid-Atlantic; with perhaps a moon; and youll he more communi cative when you forsake the smoking-room for half an hour and send me a little message down to the saloon. Very well; perhaps there are too many people tramping up and down. Shall we have' a tramp too?—sitting still so stiffens one. There—can you pull off the rugs, do you think ?—they've swathed me up like a mummy ! Now give me your arm, and mind you don't let me go flying; I'm never steady on my feet for the first day or two." Well, he found the grass-widow a most charming companion—bright, loquacious, aud happy—until, indeed, they steamed into tbe entrance to Cork Harbour. Here, as most of the passengers were going on board the tender for a scamper ashore while the ship waited for the mails to arrive, Mrs. de Lara began to look a little wistfuL All of a sudden it occurred to him tbat be ought, if only in common gratitude for her marked condescension, to ask her if she would care to go also. , , "Oh, Mrs. de Lara," said he, " wouldn't you like to go ashore and have alook round Queens town?" . , ■ Her faee lighted up in an instant, but there was a curious, amused expression in her eyes. " I couldn't go alone with you, you know," said she. . "Why not?"said he. She did not answer, that question. " If you like to ask Miss Martinez as well as myself," she continued, " I'm sure we should be delighted, and it would be very-kind of you." "Of course I will," be said, and at onoe be went off in search of the needful companion. A few minutes thereafter the three of them were on board the tender, along with the rest of this crowd of eager, chattering passengers. And a very pleasant visit it was thev paid to the picturesque watering-place and its wide stretching bay. First of all be took his two guests to a hotel and gave them an excellent lunoh, at which Mrs. de Lara ' made merry like an enfranchised school girl. Then he got an open carriage, and they were driven all about the place, and he bought them such fruit and flowers as he could find, until they were quite laden by the time they got back to the tender. They were in plenty of time, the mails were late. When they eventually returned on board the steamer Vincent was on the whole very well pleased with that little exoursion, only he hoped that the new aoquaintanccship thatliad been formed had not been too conspicuously displayed, for people are given to talking during the longueurs of an Atlantic voyage. And indeed it very soon appeared that after this little adventure ashore Mrs. de Lara meant to claim him as her own. When she came on deck for the usual promenade before dinner, she sent for him, though there were plenty of gentlemen only too anxious to wait on her, and she took his arm during that perfunctory maroh up and down. Then she said to him— " Would you think me very rude if I asked you to come and sit at our table? The fact is, I want somebody to be good to me, and to look after me; and the captain, although he is a most delightful man when be happens to be there, is nearly, always away, on duty no doubt. I hate sitting next an empty chair that throws me on to-Miss Martinez, and she and I have exhausted all our subjects long -ago. You've no particular friend, nave you ? Come to our table 1" "But I couldn't think of turning anybody out," he protested. " Oh, that's all right," she made answer, cheerfully enough. " Miss Martinez will get> a plaoe somewhere else—Mr. OollinB will arrange that—I dare eay she will be rather pleased to be set free." And so it oame to pass that at dinner Vin cent found himself in the seat that had been vacated by the useful Isabel; and perhaps his promotion provoked a few underhand com ments and significant glances at certain of the other tables, for very small trifleB are noted on board ship. At all events, he only know that Mrs. de Lara was as engaging and complai sant, and loquaoious as ever; and that she talked away with very little regard as to who might overhear her. Nor was she any longer the merry, prattle-pated creature of the Queenstown Hotel. Oh, no. Her conversa tion now was of a quite superior order. It was literary; and she had caught up plenty of the phrases of the rococo school. She could talk as well as another of environments, oon ditions, the provincial note, style ctiarged with colour, and the like. Nay, she adventured upon an epigram now and again—or, at least, something that sounded like an epigram. "England" she said, "was a shop; France a stage; Ger many a camp; and the United States a caucus." And again she said, "There are three human beings whom I wish to meet with before I die : a pretty Frenchwoman, a modest American, and an honest Greek. But I am losing hope." And then there was a tirade against affectation in writing. "Why should the man thrust himself upon me V she de manded. " I don't want to know him at all. I want him to report honestly and simply what he has seen of the world and of human nature, and I am willing to be talked to, and I am willing to believe; but when he begins to posture and play tricks, then I beoome resent ful. Why should he intrude his own per sonality at all;—he was never introduced to me; I nave no wish for his acquaintance. So long as he expresses an honest opinion, good ana well; I am willing to listen; but when he begins to interpose his clever little tricks and gnmaoes, then I say ' Get away, mountebank —and get a red-hot poker for pantaloon.'" And in this way she went on, whimsical, petu lant, didactic by turns, to the stolid astonish ment of a plethorio and red-faced old lady opposite who contributed nothing to the con versation but an indigestion cough, and sate and stared, and doubtless had formed the opinion that any one who oould talk in that fashion before a lot of strangers was no bett r than she should be. But it was not of literature that Mrs. de Lara discoursed when Vincent returned that evening to the saloon, after having been in the smoking-room for about an hour, watohing the commercials playing poker and getting up sweepstakes on the next day's run. vfhen she caught sight of him, she immediately rose and left the group of newly-formed acquaintances with whom she had been sitting—in the neigh bourhood of the piano—and deliberately came along and met him half-way. " Let us remain here," said she; "and then if we talk we shan't interfere with the music." She lay back in her chair as if waiting for him to begin. He was thinking how well her costume became her—her dress of black silk, touched here and there with yellow satin —the sharp scarlet stroke of her fan —the orescent of diamonds in her jet-black hair. Then the softened lamplight seemed to lend depth and lustre to her dark eyes, and gave something of warmth, too, to the pale and clear complexion. She had crossed her feet; her fan lay idle in her lap; she regarded him from under those long, out-curving lashes. "They cannot hear you," she said, perhaps thinking that he was silent out of politeness to the innooent young damsels who were doing their best at the piano, " and you cannot hear them, which is also fortunate. Music is either divine or intolerable. What they are doing is not divine; I have been listening. But good music—ah, well, it is not to be spoken of. Only this: isn't it strange that the two things that can preserve longest for you associations with some one you have been fond of are music and scent? Not painting—not any portrait: not poetry—not anything you have read, or may read—but music and scent. You will discover that some day." He laughed. "How curiously you talk. I dare say I am older than you—though that is not saying much." "But I have seen the world," said she, with a smile, almost of sadness. "Not half of what I have seen of it, IH answer for that." "Oh, but you," she continued, regarding him with much favour and kindliness, " you are on ingerm—you have the frank English character—you would believe a good deal—in any one you cared for, I mean." "I suppose I should," he said, simply enough. " I hope so, that isn't much of a crime, is it; I should want to believe all that was possible—and to keep on believing too." "But as Z say," she resumed, "the two things that preserve associations the longest— and are ■ apt. to spring on you suddenly— are musio and scent. _ You may have' for gotten in every other direction; oh, yea, for-. getting is very easy, as you will find out; for 'constancy lives in realms above,' and not here upon eartn at all; well, when you have for gotten the one you were fond of, and cannot remember, ana perhaps do not care to re member, all that happened at that too blissful period of life—then, on some occasion or another there chanoes to come a fragment of a song, or a whiff of scent, and behold! all that bygone time is before you again, and you tremble, you are bewildered! Oh, I assure you," she went on, with a very charming smile, " it is not at all a pleasant ex perience. You think you had buried all that past time, and hidden away the ghosts; you are beginning to feel pretty comfortable and content with all existing circumstances; and then—a few notes of a violin—a passing touch of perfume—and your heart jumnB up as if it had been shot through with a rifle-ball. What is your favourite scent?" she asked, somewhat abruptly. "Sandalwood," said he (for surely that was revealing no secret)? "Then she wore a string of sandalwood beads " said Mrs. de Lira, with a quick look. lie was silent. " And perhaps she gave them to you as a keepsake ?" was the next question. Bete, indeed, he was startled; and she noticed it and laughed a little. "No, I am not a witch," she said. "All that has happened before now; do you think you are the first? Why, I'm sure, now, you've worn those beads next your heart, in the day time, and made yourself very uncomfortable; yes. and you've tried wearing them at night, and couldn't sleep because they hurt you. Never mind, I will tell you what to do, get them made into a watch chain with small gold links connecting the beads; and when you wear it with evening dress, every woman will recognize it a love-gift—every one of them will say • A girl gave him that.' "Perhaps I might not wish to make a dis play of it, said Vinoent. "Then you're in the first stage of incon stancy," said she, promptly. "If you're not madly anxious that the whole world should know you have won her favour, then you've taken the first, step on the downward road to indifference; you have become a little bit conscious and secretive; you are regarding certain things as bygone, and your eyes are beginning to rove elsewhere. Well, why not ? It's the way of the world. It's human nature. You hear talk of loving one and one only, once and for ever; and that is all very well for people who have never been in love at all; who nave 110 imagination, no passion, no wild desire to escape for a time from the common- j placeness of life; who are quite content with the stolid satisfaction and home comfort they experience in the constant society of aparticu Jar person—which may very well last for a life time, no doubt. Oil, dou't mistake me, the sentiment of 'John Anderson, my Jo' is admirable—when you've reached sixty; then you can go hand-band down the hill together; and the more money you've got you'll find it all the easier." "Really," said he, "I did not expect to learn so much worldly wisdom from—but no, I musn't be rude. For it is very kind of 4.,. t„„,U. V™, Jon't nnnnni. to have suffered much yourself in health or spirits" "That's all you know," she said, interrupt- I ine. " However, I may tell you my story some other time. Not just now. At present I want to hear some more about the young lady of the sandalwood necklace." "I have told you more than I intended," he answered her. " You haven't told me anything; I guessed for myself." " Well, now, I am going to ask your advice," i said he—for how could ne tell but that thiB bright, alert, intrepid person, with her varied experience of the world might be able to help him? She was far different from Maisrie, to be sure; different as night from day; but still she was a woman; and she might perhaps be able to interpret a nature wholly alien from her own. > So she sat mute and attentive, and watching every expression of his face, while he put before her a set of imaginary circumstances. It was not his own story, but just so much of it as might enable her to give him counsel. And he had hardly finished when she said— "You don't know where to find herj and yet you have neverjthought of a means of bring ing her to you at once ?" " What means?" said he. "Why, it is so simple!" she exclaimed. "Have you no invention? But I will tell you, then. As soon as you land in New York, get yourself knocked over by a tram-car. The accident to the rioh young Englishman who has just arrived in America will be in all the papers, and will lose nothing in the telling. Your father's name is known; you have recently been eleoted a member of Parliament; they will make the most of the story—and of oourse you needn't say your life is not in danger. Then on the wings of love the fair one comes flying; flops down by the side of your bed in tears; perhaps she would even oonssnt to a marriage—if you were looking dreadfully pale; then you could get well again in double quick time—and live happy ever after." She was still watching him from under her long, indolent lashes; and of a sudden she changed her tone. "Are you vexed? You find me not sympa thetic? Perhaps 1 am not. Perhaps I am a little incredulous. You have told me very little, but I surmise; and when a young lady remains away from her lover, ana does not wish it to be known where she is, then I confess I grow suspicious. Instead of 'Seek the woman,' it is ' 1 md the man'—oh, I mean in most cases—I mean in most cases—not in all —yon must not misunderstand me!" "In this case you are mistaken, then,"said Vincent, briefly. "Ah. Possibly. There was not any one, then," she continued, fixing her darkly lustrous eyes on him again, " whom you hated with a deadly hatred—who seemed to you too friendly and intimate—who was too often by her side? And perliai>s there hadn't been a little quarrel between you and her—in eon sequence?" Then it flashed through his memoiy that '' Sherry's' departure for Monte Carlo had been strangely sudden, but the next moment he could have laughed. Yes, he had been madly and absurdly jealous; and there might have been a quarrel between Maisrie and himself had it not been for her frank and straight forward appeal; but, beyond that, Mrs. de Lara's guesses at the situation were far wide of the mark. Poor Sherry might be losing or wining napoleons at Monte Carlo; he wished him no harm—he rather hoped he would would win; but the idea that there could be any connection between that young man's leaving England and the subsequent disappearance of Maisrie and ler grandfather was too preposterous to be entertained for a moment. On the whole the gay young grass-widow found that she could not get very far into Vincent's oofidence in this matter; and when she indulged in a little pleasantry he grew reserved and showed a disposition to with draw; whereupon she thought it better to'give up the subjeot altogether. But she' did not give him up: on the contrary,' she' took possession of him more completely than ever; and made no secret of the favour she bestowed on him. For example, there was an amateur photogrnper on board, and one morning, (evenrbody knew everybody else by this time) he came up to Mrs. de Lara, who was seated in her deck-chair, with a little band of devoted slaves and admirers surrounding her. " Mra. de Lara," said he, "I'vetnken nearly everybody on board except you. Aren't you going to give mo a chance ?" "uh, yes," said she. "Yes, certainly." Then she looked round, and added in the most natural n ay in the world—" But where is Mr. Harris ?" "He's in the saloon writing letters—I saw him there a minute ago," said one of the by standers. "Won't somebody go and fetch him?"she continued. "Wo ought to be all in—if Mr. Searle can manage it." Accordingly Vincent was summoned from below, and forthwith made his appearance. "You come and sit by me, Mr. Harris," said the young matron. "It would look absurd to have one sitting and all the others standing." " Oh, no—this will do," said Vincent, seating himself on a signal-cannon that was close to the mil, while he steadied himself by putting a hand on the shrouds. "Not at all," she protested, with a certain imperious wilfulness. " You're too far over; youll he out of the pioture altogether. There is Isabel's chair over there; fetch that." And of course he had to do as he was bid, though it was rather a conspicuous position to assume. Then, when that negative was taken, she would have the grouping altered. Vincent had to stand by her side with his arm on her chair; again he had to seat himself on the deck at her feet; whatever suggestions were made by the artist she: managed somehow that she ana Vincent should be together,- . And when, next day, the bronze-brown proofs where handed about they were vety much admired— except, perhaps, by, the lady-passengers, who j lane" " ' " * " could not understand why lbs. de Lara should pose as the only woman on board the steamer. But it was not Mrs. de Lara who was in his thoughts, when, early one morning, he found himself on the upper deck, just under the bridge, with his eyes fixed on a far stripof land that lay along the western horizon. Not a thin sharp line of blue, but a low-lying bulky mass of pale neutral tint, and there were faint yellow mists hanging about it, and also cover ing the smooth, long undulating surface of the sea. However, the sunrise was now declared; this almost impalpable fog would soon be dispersed; and the great continent behind that out-lymg island would gradually awaken to the ^splendour of the hew. day. And in what part of its vast extent was Maisrie now awaiting him? no, not awaiting him, but perhaps thinking of him, and little dreaming he was so near ? The wilful truant! who had given him so much trouble. There would be some need for scolding—for sharp scolding—when he should find her; there must be some guarantee that she should not play such pranks again. He would tell her what the worldly-wise would think of her conduct; to what suspicion she had laid herself open. And then when he hod rated her soundly, and made her very miserable, and ashamed of herself, and ropentant—men ne would take her two hands in his and say, " Maierie, do you know that I am in Parlia ment now? and that as soon as we ore married you must make up your mind to go frequently down to Mendover to become acquainted with the people, especially the women, and make friends with them all. That, and going to political receptions, and coming dovro to the Ladies' Gallery now and again, and similar things, will beep you busy enough. There will be no time for running away across the Atlantic any more." They cautiously steamed over the shallow waters at Sandy Hook; they sailed up the wide bay; momentarily the long flat line of New York, with its towering buildings and steeples jutting up here and there, was drawing nearer. Mrs. de Lara, rather wistfully, asked him whether she was ever likely to see him again; he answered that he did not know how soon he might have to leave New York j but if she would be so kind as to give him her address, he would try to call before he went. She handed him her card, said something about the pleasant voyage they had had, and then went away to see that Isabel had not neglected anything in her packing. They slowed into the wharf, the luggage was got ashore and examined—in this universal scrimmage he lost sight of Mrs. de Lara and her faithful companion; and by and by he was being jolted and pitched and flung about in the coach that was carrying him to the hotel he had chosen. With an eager curiosity he kept watching the passers-by on the sidewalk searching for a face that was nowhere to be seen. He had heard and known of many strange coincidences; it would only be another one—if a glad and wonderful one—were he to find Maisrie on the very first day of his arrival in America. As soon as he had got established in his hotel, and seen that, his luggage had been brought up, he went out again and made away for the neighbourhood of Printing House square. It needs hardly be said that the Western Scotsman was not in possession of a vast white marble building, with huge golden letters shining in the afternoon sun; all the same he had little difficulty in finding the small and unpretentious office, and his first enquiry was for Mr. Anstruther. Mr. Anstruther had been there in the morning, but had gone away home, not feeling very well. Where did he live? over in Brooklyn. But he would be at the office the next day? Oh, yes, almost certainly ; it was nothing but a rather bad cold, and as they went to press on the following evening he would be pretty sure to be at the office in the morning. Then Vincent hesitated. This clerk seemed a civil-spoken kind of young fellow. "Do you happen to know if—if a Mr. Be thune has called at thi9 office of late!" "Bethune?—not that I am aware of," was the answer. " He is a friend of Mr. Anstruther's," Vin cent went on, led by a vague hope, " an old gentleman with Shite hair and beard—a hand some old man. There would be a young lady with him most likely." " No, sir; I have not seen any one of that description," said the clerk. "But he might have called on Mr. Anstruther at his home. "Oh, yes, certainly—very likely," said Vin cent " Thank you. I will come along to-mor row morning, and hope to find Mr. Anstruther quite well again." So he left and went out into the gathering dusk of the afternoon; and as he hod nothing to do now) he walked all the way book to his hotel, looking at the' various changes that had taken place snipe last he had been in the busy city. And then when he had reached the sumptuous and heavily-decorated apartment that served him at once as sitting-room and bedroom, he set to work to put his things in order, for they had been rather hurriedly jammed into his portmanteau on board ship. He was thus engaged when there came a knock at the door. "Entresl" he called out, inadvertently (with some dim feeling that he was in a foreign town). The stranger needed no second invitation. He presented himself. He was a small man, with a sallow and bloodless face, a blaok beard closely trimmed, a moustache allowed to grow its natural length, and dark, opaque, impas sive eyes. He was rather showily dressed, and wore a pince-nez. for a seoond he paused at the door to take out his card-ease; then, without uttering a word, be stepped forward and placed bis card on the table. Vincent was rather surprised at this form of introduction; but of course ho took up the card. Be read thereon "ilfr. Jcteph dc Lara "Oh, really," said ho (but what passed through his mind was—" Is that.confounded woman going to persecute me on shore as well ,») ..-jj - - - — at seat") "How do you do? Very glad to make your acquaintance." "On, indeed, are you?" the other said, with a peculiar accent, the like of which Vinoent had nevpr heard before, " Perhaps not. when you know why I am here. An, do not pre tend 1—do not pretend !" Vincent stared at him, as if this was some escaped lunatic with whom he had to deal. "sir, I am here to call you to aooount," said the little foreigner, in his thick voice. " It has been the scandal of the whole ship—the talk of all the voyage over—and it is an insult tome—tome—that my wife should bespoken of. Yes, you must make compensation—I demand compensation—andhow? _ By the only way that is known to an Englishman. An Englishman feels only in his pocket. If he does wrong, he must pay. I demand from 3'ou a sum that I expend in charity" Vincent, who saw what all this meant in a moment, burst out laughing—a little acorn fully, "You've come to the wrong shop, my good friend !" said he. "What do you mean? What do you mean?" the little dark man exclaimed, with an affecta tion of rising wrath. " Look at this—I tell you, look at this 1" He drew from his pocket one of the photographs which had been taken j on board the steamer, and smacked it with the ! back of his hand. "Do yon see that?—the ; scandal of the whole voyage 1 My wife oom promised—the whole ship talking—you think yon are tcj^et off for nothing? No! No! you do not 1 The only punishment that can reach you is the punishment of the pooket—you must pay." I '• Oh, don't make a fool of yourself 1" said Vincent, with angry contempt. "I've met members of your profession before. But this is too thin." j "Oh—too thin? You shall find out?" the other said, vindiotively—and yet the blaok and beady eyes behind the pince-nez were impassive and watchful. " There, on the other Bide of my card, is my address. You can think over it. Perhaps I shall see you to-morrow. If I do not—if you do not come there to give the com pensation I demand I will make this oountry too hot to hold you—yes,_very much too hot, as li you shall discover. I will make you sorry—I will make you sorry—you shall see" He went on vapouring in this fashion for some little time longer, affecting all the while to become more and more indignant; but at length Vincent, growing tired, walked to the door and opened." " This is the way out," he said curtly. Mr. de Lara took the hint with a dignified equanimity. "You nave my address," lie said, as he passed into the corridor; "I do not wish to do anything disagreeable—unless J am oompelled. You will think over it, and I shall see you to morrow, I hope. I wish to be friendly. It will be for your interest, too. Good night!" Vincent shut the door and went and sat down, the better tooonsider. Not that he was in the least perturbed by this man's ridicu lous threats; what puzzled him—and fright ened him almost—was the possible connection of the charming and fascinating Mrs. de Lara with this barefaced attempt at blackmail. But no; he could not, he would not, believe it J He recalled her pretty ways, her frankness, her engaging manner, her good humour, her clever, wayward talk, her kindness towards himself; and he could not bring himself to think that all the time she bad been planning a paltry and despicable conspiracy to extort money, or even that die would lend herself to such a scheme at the instigation of her scapegrace husband. However, his speculations on these points were now interrupted by the arrival of the dinner-hour; and he went below to the table d'hdte. During dinner he thonght that a little later on in the evening he would go along to Lexing ton-avenue, ana call on a lawyer whose acquaintance he had made on a former visit to New York. He might by chance beat home and disengaged; and an apology could be made for disturbing him at such ah unusual hour. And tbis,_ accordingly, Vincent did; found that Mr. Griswold was in the house; was shown into the study; and presently the law yer—a tall, thin man, with a cadaverous and deeply-lined face and cold grey eyes—came in and received his unexpected visitor politely enough. " De Lara?" said he, when Vincent had told his story. "Well, yes, I know something of De Lara. And a very disagreeable fellow he is to have any dealings with. " But I don't want to have any dealings with him," Vincent protested, " and I don't see how there should be any necessity. The whole thing is a preposterous attempt at extortion. If only he were to put down on paper what he said to me this evening I would show him something—or at least I should do so if he and I were in England." "He is not so foolish," the lawyer said. "Well, what do you propose to do?-- com promise for the sake of peace and quietness ?" " Certainly not," was the instant reply. " He's a mischievous devil," said Mr. Gris wold, doubtfully. "And of course you don't want to have things said about you in news papers, however obscure. Might get sent over to England. Yes, he's a mischievous devil— an unscrupulous devil when he turns ugly. What dp you say now?—for the sake of peace and quietness —a little matter of a couple of hundred dollars—and nobody need know any thing about it" "Give a couple of hundred dollars to that infernal scoundrel? I will see him d d first!" said Vincent, with a decision that was unmistakable. " There's no reason why you should give him a cent—not the slightest, the lawyer went on, " But some people do, to save trouble. How ever, you will not be remaining long in this city. I see it announced that you are going on a tour through the "United States ana Canada." "The fact is, Mr. Griswold," said Vincent, " I came along—at this unholy hour, for whioh I hope you will forgive me—not to ask you what I should do about that fellow's threats—I don't value them a pin's point—but merely to see if you know anything about those two " The De Lara's ?" " Yes, what does he do, to begin with? What's his oocupation—his business?' "Nominally, said Mr. GriBwold, "he be longs to my own profession; but I fancy he is more mixed up with some low-class news papers. I have neard, indeed, that one of his sources of inoome is levying blackmail on actresses. The poor girls lose nerve, you un derstand. They won't fight. They would rather 'see' him, as the phrase is, than inour his enmity." " WelL then, what I want to know still more particularly," the young man proceeded, "is this: is Mrs. de Lara supposed to take part in these pretty little plans for obtaining money ?" The lawyer smiled. "You ought to know her better than I do. In fact, I don't know her at all.'' Vincent was silent for a second. " i\0; X EUOUia auc nave imiiguiBu ii> ui ir.-i. It seems incredible. But if you. don't know ber personally, perhaps you- know what is thought of her ? What is her general reputa tion?' " Her reputation f I can hardly answer that question. I should say," Mr. Griswold went on in his slow and deliberate manner, " that there is a kind of—a kind of impression—that, so long as the money was forthcoming, Mrs. de Lara would not be too amdous to enquire where it came from." "She was at the Captain's tablet" Vincmt exclaimed. " Ship captains don't know much about what is going on on shore," was the reply. " Besides, if Mrs. de Lara wanted to sit at the Captain's table, it's at the Captain's table you wul find her, and that without much delay! But why are you so anxious to find out about Mrs. de Lara's peculiarities—apart from her being a very petty woman t" Oh," said Vinoent, as he rose to apologize once more for this intrusion, and to say good night, " one is always meeting with new expe riences. Another lesson in the ways of the world, I suppose." But all the same as he walked along these thoroughfares to his hotel he kept sayibg to himself that he would rather hot believe that Mrs. de Lara had betrayed him and was an accomplioe in this shameful attempt'to" make money out of him. Hay, he stud to himself that he would refuse to believe until hewas forced to believe; though he did not go a step farther, and proceed to ask himself the why and where fore of this curious reluctance. 