A NIGHT IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. Opposite the residence of my friends the Gibsons stood a small frame dwelling, which was the terror of Beanville, for it was said to be haunted. A murder had been committed ten years before, and since then the poorest labourer in the) county would not take the place for a present. had tried to live there, and failed to secure sufficient rest to live upon. Tramps had been known to climb in at the windows, but they climed out of them before daylight. Not a dog would stay there. It was a genuine haunted house. And so, being down at my friends' for a •visit, I resolved to investigate the matter, and declared that I would sleep there, at least one night—more, if necessary. Well, Frank, yonH be sorry if you do, I assure you," said Mr. Gibson. "The house is haunted," said Mrs. Gfbn. " Yes, sir—haunted," declared the friend of the family, who was smoking his cigar on the porch. "Sure and I saw the ghost myself, sir, said little Biddy, nursing the baby on the lower step. " Then I'm going to sleep there to-nigl , I declared. " I have nïwfys'wanted to see a ghost." I stuck to my determination. I went to the little, empty house that night, and carried thithier a mattress/a blanket or so, and a revolver. It was a warm night in summer, and the little place was dry çnongh. I refused all company. "Ghosts never appear to large parties," I said. "If I need nelp I will fire my revolver out of the window. Youll hear that." And so, half scolding, half laughing, they let me have my way. At eleven o'clock I retired to my couch with a book and a kerosene lamp, and by midnight I had read myself tosleep. What awakened me I do not know, but I suddenly set up in bed with a sense of t discomfort upon me. The lamp was my book lay where I had dropped it, but I had a feeling that something .was in the room. "A trick is about to be guayol upon me," I thought, and I started to .'m; feet. Of course 1 had not undressed, am holding my revolver in my hand, looked about me. I saw nothing, but I ; heard a queer sound. It was as though people were snapping their fingers all about me. I could associate the sound with nothing else. It was not a crackling or a ticking, it was a positive snapping .sound. Yet some insect ,_ might have made i£. That should not discompose me. At last, the £ound ceased suddenly as it begun, and ^nother took its place—apattenng as of. bare feet walking .about. They went in ând-out of the' door, upstairs and down. I could have sworn that such feet, were pattering all , about me had I been' blind;.but the moon shone brightly, and I went from room to toôm with my lamp, and saw nothing: > Be turning to my room I lay down again, and now a low beating began. It was aa though a £fick had been stnjuck npon the §oor at intervals ,of two minntes. And 6uddenlyacuri6uBthi^happenéd..All the bedclothes ware drawn, entirely off of me and; thrown into the comer «f thé room. ' ' 1' '' ., •.' : V H ' Now for the first time I hegaji to feel nervbnè. I sprang to iny fèèt'ahd'iushëd Into thè entryj tn&king; * i&t; some one muSt be concealed >wiffrbut' ïhe4oor,witii: \- some contrivance for twitchipg.away the blankets î but the hoUBe was empty. I went downstairs. I peeped into closets, I explored the cellar, and lretnrned to my zoom. That was no longer bed lay a man. W 7 - " was a rough-looking içllow, ntnop™ w^pgfl^flTnatipfl In ragged ; lis feet^wett) Iw&pBy; hisysxde m t thick stick. His' ej$> wére opfenluid Aied full upon me. : ^-t -,J I looked at him a i&oment;, and theffbnrst into a laugh as I levelled the revolver at his head. So you're the ghost," I raid. " Come— you shall have the bed for the rest of the " t and a breakfast in the morning if you tell me what your game is." The ruffian, seeing that I "had the drop on him," owed np that he was one of a rang of thieves who used the "haunted louse " as a hiding-place. They frightened everybody away from it by their ghostplay, and it served their purposes well I kept my promise to the vagabond as to his lodging and breakfast, and then told my friends, the Gibsons, of my discovery. They told the authorities, and from that time the little frame house was not haunted. 