STRAY NOTES. SUNDAY TRADING. MR. J. W. HENDERSON, a stranger to the writer, further than that his name appeared in yesterday's MINER, keeps the Brewers' Arms Hotel, and was fined £3 at the police court yesterday for having retailed liquor on his licensed premises on Sunday. That it was quite right to punish the publican for selling liquor on the Sabbath, one doubts not, because the law says one mustn't, and surely that's sufficient for any reasonable man ; but some people with ideas of uprightness will wonder whether Mr. J. W. Henderson is the first publican who has, so far, broken the law, and whether all other local hotelkeepers are particular in this respect ; and further, whether the police could find only one boniface sup- plying liquor last Sunday, or, in fact, any other Sunday. Eh ? * * * THE SINGLE TAX. Henry George has put his foot into it. Banquetted at Changeford, Essex, on Friday last, he stated that protection was the only bar to the adoption of the single tax in Australia. Surely not ; but if true the same fault cannot apply to England, and so it is to be presumed that Mr. George's tax, still living in single blessed- ness, and likely to die an old maid, will be cottoned on to by Salisbury, and adopted in the free old land of which Queen Victoria is nominal boss. But if the English should refuse the single tax it will not be on the grounds of pro- tection, and as there is not the thinnest ghost of a chance of the Georgian theory getting any practical test over there, it will fail we suppose because of freetrade. Which clearly proves that it will fail anywhere. * * * THE BALAKLAVA FUND. It's rather rough on Crimean heroes that the Balaklava fund so laboriously collected has proved quite inadequate to the demands made upon it. The parable of the loaves and fishes won't go round now, and so it is with some considerable perplexity that a treasurer contemplates £4000 subscribed to keep the veterans through the remainder of their broken lives, which divided up between a large number of hungry applicants, is insuffi- cient for a three day's drunk. But why can't the English, for whom the battle was won, and not for us, give their fair share, and not expect Australia to be content with a paltry hundred pounds from the whole of Great Britain when the colony of Victoria alone has found over £3000. The " six hundred" didn't charge, it is to be presumed, to benefit Australia, nor yet to charge these colonies with the job of keeping them in their old age. " Nolan's mistake" was made for Eng- land's benefit - not ours- and it is, there- fore, the duty of Great Britain to provide for the old age of the men who took part in one of her most brilliant engagements. * * * A DIRTY PRACTICE. Yesterday's Police court proceedings proved some very dirty charges against two local individuals, who hauled each other up for throwing dirty water over at or on each other's clothes --- it doesn't matter which. It is not recorded whether the stained fluid was cabbage water, or worse ; but, certainly, nothing could be more disgusting to the party "christened," or more revolting to per- sons compelled to listen to the loud wash- ing of the dirty linen in court. It is quite possible to imagine two viragoes leaning across the back fence, and having any little difference out in a two hours' conversa- tion, conducted at soprano pitch, but when a person starts tossing pails of dirty water over another it is about time to take very active action. FALCON. 