* WAS IT A GHOST ? A DOCTOR'S STOBY. I had been sent for inpreat haste, and had fancied that I was needed in some extremely critical case, for the hour was nine in the evening and the night a stormy one. What, then, was my surprise, when I had been ushered into a handsome parlour in one of the best hotels, to find, sitting in a large armchair, and with no appearance of ill-health aboat her, a very beautiful woman whom I knew to be an actress of position, and had often admired upon the stage. She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Her maid, a Spanish-looking woman with a beautiful olive skin, remained standing near the window. ' Yon look surprised, doctor,' the lady began, motioning me to a scat. ' You will \\*i more so before you leave me. I am not ill and £ can see that you know that at a glance. 1 Yoi w certainly " " are looking " " well, madam,' said I. 4 1 am feeling well,'said she. 'The question that I desire to ask you, as a man who has made the Hrain in some degree, a speciality, is—Am I mad? You need not mind my m lid ;ohe speak? no TCngliwh. I want you to give me your : opinion. Do you think me insane?' | ' That is a very difficult question, madam.' j said I. 'A doabt of your rationality would never have occurred to" me. Besides, insane people seldom guess their condition. However, you most have some reason for asking the question P * A very grave one,' she answered. 1 Either I am out of my mmd or there axe each things 'vto ghosts.' . j. ~ ^ * There are optical illnmonB also, madam,' said I. ' Bat illusions of the senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once—would that not be madness?' asked she. * Not if you were aware they were illusions,' I answered. * Bat they seem real to rue,' said the lady —«oh, so real! I suppose you read the stories about me in the papersYou have beard of the who killed himself lor love of me I* •TheFrenchman f I asked. 'To tell the truth I have read of it.' ^ ' They said I was cruel to him,'said the laay, growing somewhat excited. ' I was not. I was kind at first; but he dogged my footsteps and threatened my life. Not at FII=»t, o; .wurse, | but after I had accorded him an m^r-.;ic^and , refused him as gcutly as a won^i ^u^ retuse j a man. He wanted me to marry mm. tie was richTof good family; he was honourable, and Terv ve?y much in love. But I—how could I love a stranger? Aad he was ugly—a great savage-looking creature. After that he tried kill me. He shot at me. lhad him arrested, and he committed suicide in .rison.' She paused and shuddered. 4 It is he who comes,' the added. ' Naturally,' said I, ' yoa have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams | are so vivid that you fancy them actual , occurrences.' ^ > „ ' I knew you would say that,' sue taghed, . •but I have very vivid dreams, form them j Mendswhohaveb^ d^d for years « e to u me. They speak ana move a^a KJUCJ me. Bet when I awake I know th:;t I hive been i dreaming. This is different. My gbost—or , ! my madSess—cames to uie up'.u the sU^e.' j ' trpoa the stage .» I repeatei. ' Yes,' she answered. 'Re sap I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when he ^ came. He often comas, but never before did he ; touch me. This time he laid his baud upon my i ann, and whispered: , , , I exact I teU this you penalty you must of you. retire jErom The nest the time stage you . , tread the boards I will kill you ;' 'Well?' said L • I fainted,' said the lady; ' and fortunately it was the correct thing to "da at the mommt. Only my fellow-actors guessed tlm swoon to be a real o«e. But the next day I cancelled my engagement. I declared myaclf ill. The truth is I was very much frightened. I IIJ-1 thrown used to his staring and pointing to his throat, but when it came to touching me and speaking'— She paused, shuddering violently. ' Yours is a case of disodererd nerves, madam,' said L • I advise you to take a holiday.' I don't dare to go on i» acting I' she gasped. Don't you see that ? Why^r really believe you don't know why I am so troubled. In the verr prime of life, with everything I value at my'hand, f must sink into obscurite—retireon a small eum of money, when I might make an immeosfe'toriarie—give up the' apptiaie T live for, the art I adore—and all because a gbost will have it eo 1' The tears arose to her beautiful eyes. She wiped them away and forced a laugh. ' Oh, you know lhad rather think myself a little out of my mind than to believe in my ghost!' said she. ' So should I,' said L 'If you will take my advice, you will give yourself a holiday, surrouudyourself with friends, and forget your hallucuiation—it is one. You are just a little upset, and it will pass.' I wrote a prescription. ' Take this at night," I said. ' I assure you that science has distinctly proven the fa;t that ghosts do not appear to any one.' Shortly I went my way. The fee sent me :eatly exceeded my usual one, and the next ly I read in the papers that Madame had taken her physician'6 advise, and would spend a twelvemonth in Southern Europe. « « * » * It was more than a year, however, before I saw on the walls of the finest theatre in the city the announcement of Madame 's reappearance. She was to play in her favourite rJ.V, and the papers were full of paragraphs concerning her. She was, they said, handsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming than rer. Seats at the theatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks in advance, and at fancy prices. As I had my f ortnne yet to crake I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to attend on the first night, but I did so nevertheless, it was an occasion of dress coats and white ties. Use house was full of the most elegant people in the city. The company was fine—(he music excellent. . The curtain rose upon the unimportant characters who always usher in a play, and finally the door at the back of the stage was flung open by a servant, and Madame entered. A roar of applause greeted her. The papers were right She was handsome than ever. Her role was one to call forth all har art. She did not fad. As the play proceeded I nodoed. however, that she occasionally glanced in the direction of one of the ride scenes in a way I did' not like. And as the curtain rose npon the last act there seemed to me a longer wait than usual at the time when she should bav* entered; however she came. rl She advanced to tbe foot-lights. The part Ehe played placed ber in that ecene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. She turned and faced them. They flourished weapons in the air. She addressed them, her tall form drawn to its height. My memory or tbe play was that at this moment eaceour arrived, hat it oceured to me that the scene was changed. Ftom fhemidst of the mob a strange wild figure rushed forth. Xsawit but for a moment. It threw back the collar of lis eoat and revealed a red gash across its throat, flung out its hand towards her. I saw it bat for a moment, wondering what connection it bad with the play; then I saw Madame {all forward oa her face. Tbe curtain felL The house was in an uproar of excitement. A moment after s call was made for a doctor. Iwas the first to answer it, A tittle group of physicians gathered aboat the beautiful form that they had lifted to a sofa; but we saw at a glance that we looked npon a dead woman. , , . Few my part a honor beyond that which sadden death inspires possessed me. • DiJ von notice the moment at which ehe fell r* I naked a prominent physicioii who stood * me and whom I knew well. Yea,* said he ' as she spoke the last words of ! hw defiance. Her friends were about to **MM!aneied one of the populace—the one who touched iter, who had blood upon him, frightened her,* I said. . "Oh, no one touched her, my dear follow,' he said. ' Tbere is nothing of that sort in the play. She awed them by her manner,you know. Good heavens, what a sad thing this is !' ' It U horriWe,' I anawered. I think eo atilL, No one but myself had aeeu the man with the blood upoa his throat unless she did, and unless all that I am bound as a medical man to disbelieve is true, there are such things as ghosts. 'Ko fewer than IJ810 patieats bitten by dogs wen treated at the Pastern- Institute ia they ended 31st October. Thiers were thirt dfifh*. ' - ' - ' 