ý)i1 Cilc,, lKintle Frcdeic,"s R?tse. -4-*+--- A Story of Three Mysterious Gold Piceen The lteward IiRocived by a Dutiful Sin. How the Dear Old Mother's Letter Touched the Hoart of Her Sov ereign-Days of Peace and Plenty That Cano Because a Lad Honored hlis Mother. One summer morning, a great many years ago, a boy was lying sound asleep on a bench in one. of the rooms at Sans-Souci (the country palace of the King of Prussia) with all his clothea on. Very gay clothes they were, from the trim blue jacket, with its embroidered cufts and shining brass bottone, down to the smart shoep, with their well. polished sleel buckles. But the poor little fellows face was not as gay as hlis dress by any means. It looked sadly pale, and as worn and tired as if he. had been up all night. So indeed he had, for tough old King Frederick, who could work from four in the morning till ten at night without seeming a bit worse, sometimes forgot that his poor little page-boy was not as strong as himself, and would often teep him on duty till Karl fell neleep from sheer fatigue, just aus he appeared to have done now. All at once ait bell rang sharply in the next room. At that signal the page ought to have jumped up and gone in to receive hil orders for the day, as he had to the first thing every morning, no matter at what hour he had gone to bed, linut he was so fast asleep that he never heard it; and the bell rang again still more sharply without any answer. Then the door of the inner room opened, and out came a very strange figure in deed. It was a small, lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform coat and a pair of long riding boots, which looked as though they had not been cleaned for a month; and no if he were not untidy enough already, he had smeared the whole front of his coat with soalu, which fell off in flakes whenever he moved. Hie face might have been carved in atone, so cold and hard did it look; but in the midbt of.it there gleamed an eye as clear and bright and piercing that it seemed to go right through every one upon whom it rested. But for this commandingglance one would most likely have taken him for a beggar, and have wondered what business such a slovenly old fellow could have in the palace at all. But in reality this queer, shabby little old man was ro other than King Frederick of Prussia himself, the greatest General and statesman in the world, and famous through. out all Europe under the name of ' Frederick the (Great." O?e could see by the flash of his eye and the nset of his hard old mouth, as hoe came striding out, that he was very angry at being kept waiting, and that a terrible scolding awaited the poor little page, wholay hlieping there so peacefully, knowing nothing at all about it. IButna the King's eye fell upon the lad's tmeonecious faea hia mood seeomed to obange. "Hlum I" muttered he, with the very ghost of a smile flickering over his iron lace. "l1ow famously the young dug sleeps I I only wish I could have such a nap now and then. One can see that he hasn't got to worry himself about governing five millions of men, or carrying rn war against livenations at once. Ha I what's this r" \- A crumpled sheet of ceorse paper, which scomed to have dropped from Karl's hand,was lying on the floor beside him. The King picked it up, and these were theb first words that caught his eye, written in the shaky, straggling hand of a very feeble old woman : '" I thank you much, my dear child, for the monby that you have so kindly sent me., 1 which has been a great help. Take your old mother's blessing for it, and see that you always do your best to be a worthy and faiti. ful ecrvant to our master, the King, whom, iGod blees and preserve." As he read that simple mersoge the soldier.king's grim foc esoftened as no one had ever seen it roften before. l'erhsp tihe memoay of his own mother, dead years ago, rcot up in his mind once more ; perhaps his was touched by the old woman'sa prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this had been the boy's last thought breoro he fell asleep. " \'cre all my suhj:eot like that," he mour. mured; " 1 hould bh the luckiest liUing in Europe. And so hl has lbeen saving money from his swag's (and poor coculh wages they are, I am sure) to send to his mother ! Well done, my boy ; thou art a true Prus sian I" At. that moment Karl moved slightly, as if about to awake. Tihe King noticed it, and a new idea au peared to strike him, which must have been a droll one from the momenla'y twinkle that lighted up his stern eyes. "Yes, that will be the beat way," saild he to himself, " and a fine eerprtis it will be to him." Stepping back into the room whence hlie had issued (which certainly had very little "ro il luxury" about it, for it was almost as bare as a cattleshediv, with no furniture ?eve a hliteued deal tablo nad n troli-n clinic). Ftederiek hunted in the table drawer till lie rummaged out a well- worn writing ease, from one cf the packets of which hli took three gold coine. TheEo he slipped into the pas,'sa pocket along with the letter, taking great oare not to awake him in doing so. 't'hen be lang his bhell violently and called out: " (?nrl, came here I' The sharp, stern voice effectually roused, our hero, who started up at once, and drew back in idismay as he eaw Feederiok's hkee eyes tired upon him. " 'Pardon, your majesty, pardon I" starn. mered he. " I was-" "Never mind about that just now," inter. ruptred the ling. " Gami in hlero anti get olour ordrer." As Ksarl eprang eagerly foward to obey, the money, which had boeen put loecly into his pocletor, rolled out eain, and fell ringini g and i ,inkiug upon thIe floor. " IHello, young mlan l" cried t'rcderic, " you ought to be a good deal riber tlhan I at if you can afford to fling your money about like that." "Oh, sirel" cried the boy, implorinlt,l " I don't know anything about this inoncy, I don't indeed! Somebodly inust have meant to rlsin me by pulltting it into tmy pnakit, and then saying that I had itolen " No," said the Kinp, gravely, "that money i God' l ifti to you, to help you ill nsesiteitng yut:te mothitr. \\\'rite and tell hlier tha I lnow all aibout iher, and thliat 111 take care oi her, aid youii too,'" And l.il"i t'redi lak hept his word. 