THE NATURALIST. A NORWEGIAN NATURALIST IN AUSTRALIA.* Somewhat above the middle height, com pactly built, with a clear complexion, fair hair, light blue eyes, a modest and almost deferential manner, and apparently nnder 30 years of ago. Such was the naturalist who introduced himself, about eight years ago, to the present writer as Carl Lnmholtz, of Christiania, Norway, who was then about to proceed upon a scientific mission to the interior of Queensland. He did not look like the sort of man whom nature had qualified for a life of hardships and privations in a tropical country, or who would take his life in his haud and trust himself lor months together to the society of treacherous blacks in remote districts beyond the verge of pastoral settlement, and where, as he ob serves, he lound the natives in their original condition,uninfluenced by intercourse with the white man. But the Norwegian student and scholar, with his nnossuming manners, his quiet self-reliance, his northern energy, and that strong substratum of good sense which enabled him to comprehend the the weaknesses and superstitions of the aboriginal character, and to inspire the blacks with a feeling of awe and reverence, succeeded in accomplish ing all he had set his heart upon, penetrated about 800 miles into Western Queensland, spent 14 months in exploring Northern Queensland, and was enabled to enrich the museums of the Christiania University with about 700 specimens of birds, a large number of reptiles and batrachians, numerous fishes, and some insects and lower animals. He has also recorded alt he eaw and learned in a handsome volume, containing about 180 illustrations, and acouple of maps, one of which indicates bis route, entitled Among Cannibalt, and dedicated to M. Paul de ChaiHu. Of the English edition of tbiB work Messrs. E. A. PetherickandCo. have arranged with the London publiaberafor a special issue m these colonies, and the receipt of an early copy of it enables ub to give onr readersa fore taste of its contents. We mey pass over the earlier chapters, because they de*t with places'anil persons with which we ate all of ns familiar. The interest of the book com mences for ub when its author leaves all traces ofcivilisation behind him, and begins his study of the ethnology and natural history of Northern Australia. To a traveller fresh • •' AmoaicOennibsds, An Aooount ol Four Fasaf Travels to Australia, ana W Ounp life with the Abort giotls of Queensland." By Carl humholtz, HA. London: John Murray. Melbourne and Sydney; B, A, rethsrlekandOo. from a country in which so many ot the relica of the Stone Age in Europe have been brought to light of late years, it must have been especially gratifying to find himself in the midst of a primitive race who have not yet emerged from that epoch; who never wear clothes—we speak of the natives on the Herbert River—have no stimu lants, drink nothing but water or water mixed with honey, and who combine the cunning of the monkey with eome of the savage instincts of the hyeena. Mr. Lumholtz seems to accept the conclusion arrived at by Dr. Topinard that there are two distinct types of aborigines on this continent, and describes the tribes of Northern Queensland as decidedly inferior to those found in the southern colonies; and this lends some colour, perhaps, to the theory that the latter belong to a race of conquerors who have subjugated the weaker and driven them to the north. ThiB was not the opinion, howevert of Mr. E. M. Gurr, who explained the variations of the northern from tue southern blacks by the probabili ties of an intermixture of race on the part of the former with the Malaya encaged in the Trepang fishery. He added, "The tribes throughout Australia are so much alike in physical and mental development, customs, manufactures, arms, Bongs, dances, and lan guage that late writers who have touched on the subject, endorsing common opinion, have I believe, with one exception (Taplin), set them down aa of one stock." Certainly Mr. Lumholtz found what Mr. Curr was accus tomed to speak of ae "the terrible rite" just as prevaleut in Queensland as it is else where among the natives of this conti nent Although the blacks are incorrigible thievea, those of Northern Australia com prehend the idea of personal property, and entertain considerable respect lor the right. " If, for instance, a native finds a hive of honey in a tree, but has not an immediate opportunity of chopping it out, he can eafely leave it to some other day. The discoverer owns it, and nobody elee will touch it if he has either given an account of it or marked the tree, as ib the custom in eome parts of Western Queensland. If they hunt, they will not take another person's game, all the members of the Bame tribe having apparently full confidence in each other. Thus, the right of property is to a certain ex tent respected ; but, least of all, when it con cerns their dearest possession—the women. But it is, of course, solely among members of the same tribe that there is so great a difference between mine and thine; strange tribes look upon each other as wild beasts." In his normal condition, the Australian is sound and healthy, in spite of the exposure be undergoes, and the precariousness of his supplies of food. Most ot the maladies from which he suffers are represented as haviug been acquired by contact with Europeans; and also by the clothing he adopts when he en deavours to assimilate himself to them. These result in rheumatic fevers and lnng diseases. "I never found fever and ague among the Australian savages," writes Mr. LumUollz, " except in the solitary case of a well-dressed civilised black on the Herbert River." In that district the natives are unacquainted with any remedy tor snakebite. "The victim simply lays himself down to die." It is but justice to them to add that the blacks " are very kind and sympathetic towards those who are ill, mid they carry them from camp to ». This is i camp. This is ilie only noble trail," remarks Mr. Lumholtx, " that I have discovered in the Australian natives." Warfare is the chronic condition ot the aboriginal tribes of the north in a state of nature, and their "greatest incentive to taking life is their appetite for human fle3h. The blacks never wege war to conquer new territory." A potent cause of intertribal bloodshed is the Buperetitions belief that an enemy is capable ot taking away the life of his adversary by witchcraft. But natural death is an idea which appears to be incon ceivable by the savage mind in all parts of the world. Among the Kaffirs of Africa, the Indians of South America, the Dacotahs ot North America, and the Abiponcs of Paraguay, as veil as among the Hudson's Bay Indians, no one is supposed to die naturally, in many tribes on other con tinents it is the practice to consult a diviner, who generally names the supposititious sorcerer, and his guilt is so implicitly accepted that be is pretty eure to fall a victim to the caprice or malice of his denouncer. Ae a matter of course, biB death ie avenged by bis kindred, and thus commences a vendetta which may lest for generations. Messrs. James Muirhead and Charles Lowe con tributed to Mr. Curr's book some valuable information with respect to the prevalence of the belief above referred to in Queensland, and of the curious proceedings which are had recourse to by the friends of the de ceased in order to discover by whom he had been bewitched and destroyed. After wrapping up the corpse in bark, and placing it on a stage, they wonld pulverise the ground around it, make it smooth and level, ahd then leave it for that day. "On the return next day of some of the warriors, the ground which had been smoothed would becarefully examined, and if any animal, bird, or reptile had passed over it, its track would be easily seen, and the murder be assigned to some member of the tribe in whose dietary scale the animal, bird, or reptile is included. If a brown or black enake had been there, some Wongoo would be declared to be the culprit; if a carpet snake, an Obad ; if a dog, a Banbey, and eo on. Then would come the consideration to what particular Wongoo or Obad suspicion should attach. If no animal had left his tracks on the pre pared ground, the friends of the deceased would try to frighten the ghost out of the bark shroud," the object in view being to ascertain from the spirit who had sent bim to the other world. Whst Mr. Lumholtssays about the daintiest hors cVauvre in s blackiellow's menu should bring the African morsel into favour with white gournuts. For half a century or so we have been shrugging onr shoulders at the perverted taste of the natives of Australia tor white grubs, and all this time we have been closing onr eyes, or rather our mouths, against a real delicacy. We stand rebuked by our Norwegian visitor, and henceforth it will he out own fault if we exclude an Omelette, aux colio/ teres from our dinner-tables; for this is what he anys of the grub—grub in a double sense—of the edible beetle, Bury natsa Auttralie:—"The large fire crackled lustily- in the cave while we sat. round it preparing the farm We simply placed them in the red-hot ashes, where they atones became brown and crisp, and the fiat fairly bubbled in them while tbey were being thus prepared. After being turned once or twice they were thrown out from the ashes with s stick, and were ready to be eaten. Strange to ear, tbeee !arv« wets the best food the natives were able to offer me, and the only kind which 1 really enjoyed. It such a lOrvi Is broken in two it will be found to consiet'ol a yellow and tolerably compact mass, rathei like an omelette. In teste it resembles an egg, bat it teemed tome tbat tbebeatkind, namely, the acacia larva, which has the flavour ol nuts, tasted even better than a European I omelette." The savourmeaa of this grub. > which is known to some of the native tribes in Queensland "by the name of cut-two, was previously attested to by Mr. John Mather, living in the Mary River district, who recom mended it as "excellent eating, when roasted." It remains to speak of the important services rendered to the zoology of Australia by Mr. Lumholtz, who bus ducovered and described some mammalB and insects previously unknown to European science. While living with the wild blacks on the Herbert River, he heard of two animalB, one of which was called yarri, and the other booni/ary, having their habitat In the forests, on the summit of the coast moun tains. lfe spent three months in quest of these elusive creatures, and was at length re warded by shooting, or poisoning, a specimen of the second, as also of the toolah. The latter, which has been figured in Mr. Lumholtz's book as Pseadochtrut Archert, is a species of opossum, about the size of a cab Its coat is of "a peculiar greenish-yellow colour, with a few indistinct stripes of black or white, and thus looks like a moss-grown tree trunk. Though it is a night animal, it also comes out about 8 or 4 o'clock in the afternoon, aud is the only one of the family which appears in the daytime." The boongary is a tree kangaroo, which the discoverer has named the Dendrotagua Lumhtteii, and is by him thus described:—"The tree- kangaroo is. without comparison, a better proportioned animal than the common kangaroo. The fore feet, which are nearly as perfectly developed as the hind feet, have large crooked claws, while the hind feet are some what like those of a kangaroo, though not so powerful. The sole of tne foot is somewhat broader and more elastic, on account of a thick layer of fat under the skin. In eoft ground its footprints are very similar to those of a child. The ears are small and erect and the tail is as long as the body of the animal. The skin is (oujr'n. nnd the far is very strong and beautiful. The co'oor of the male is a yellowish-brown, that of the female and of the yonng is grayish, but the head, the feet, and tbennderside of the tail ure black. Thus it will be seen that this tree-kangaroo is more variegated in colour tban those species which are found in New Guinea. Upon the whole, the boongary is the most beautiful mammal 1 have seen in Australia. It is a marsupial, and goes oat only in the night Daring the day it sleeps in the treea and feeds on the leaves. It is able to jump down from a great height, and can ran fast on the ground. So far as my observation goes it seems to live exclusively in one very lotty tree which is very common on the const mountains, but of which I do not know the name." Mr. A. R. Wallace is of opinion that the tree-kangaroo of New Guinea has been modified in order to enable it to feed on foliage in the vast forests of the northern peninsula of that island, where it is chiefly found ; and we presume a similar hypothesis will fit the occurrence of its congener on the coast mountains of Cape York Peninsula. Mr. Lumholtz likewise secured, in the same region, a new and very pretty mammal, called by the natives moajan, upon which he bestowed the name of Pseudochinu IIcrberUtMS. It is a variety of opossum, as black us a coat wheu full grown, with a bright white breast, white shoulders, and the end of its tail also white. To the foregoing must be added the yalby, or PeeudocMrve Lemuroides, a marsupial which, "in some respects, unites the characteristics^ of the phalstiger proper with the psendo-chirus, and thus possibly forms a new sub-genus Hemi betideus." Mr. Lumholtz was equally fortu nate in obtaining a specimen of the wonderful Hypeiprymnodonmotchntus. which forms the connecting link between the kuDgaroos and the phalangers, as alaoof the Btriped-faccd pouch-mouse, SmiuiAopsit ginice. Our Norwegian visitor bad some good opportunities of studying. the anthropo phagous propensities of the natives of Northern Queensland, among whom there appears to exist a passionate appetite for this kind of diet It is the greatest delicacy known to them, and they expatiate on its toothsomeness as the typical London alder man is supposed to do on the green fat of the turtle. '* On the Herbert .Rive/, expedi lions are sometimes undertaken for the ; special pnrpose of procuring talgoro, thai is, human flesh. On sad) occasions a email company of the boldest and most depraved gather together, and they are of course persons of high standing. The marauders are only three or fonr in number, and they stalk their prey very stealthily, springing upon their victims just before the dawn of day. There is a general eaupe qui petd among the strong and active males. The old people, the women, and the children are readiiy captured, killed, andeaten. For tunately the blacks do not like the flesh of whites. It is so highly flavoured with salt and tobacco as to render it nauseous to their puis tea. They greatly prefer dining off a Chinaman, because bis food consists largely of rice and vegetables. Mention is made of one banquet, at which ten Mongolians "smoked upon the board." At the asms time, Mr. Lumholtz is careful to remind his readers, " Human flesh is not the daily food of the Australian. On the contrary, be seldom gets a monlhtnl of this delicacy Daring all the time I spent on the Herbert River only two blacks were killed and eaten. One of them was a young man who bad van* tared to go into the territory of a strange tribe, where he was surprised and killed." The other was an old man, who was not able to run fast enough when his tribe was attacked, and be wus stoned to death. Hie flesh was brought in baskets to Herbert Vale." After spending something like three yeate Ion the selvage of pastoral settlements,or completely isolated from intercourse with men of European origin, onr Norwegian naturalist began to experience a sentiment of home sickness, and prepared to return' to Central Queensland. " Upon the whole/* be I writes, " 1 took leave of the country 01 the blacks and of my interesting life in t^s mountains with strange feelings in mr brmet. Some of the impressions derived from this grand pbaae of nature I shall never forget. When the tropical eun, with ita bright dazzling rays, rises in the early morning above the dewy trees of the scrub j when the Australian bird of paradise arrangee Us mag nifioent plumage in the firat aunbeama; una when all nature awakens to sinew life whim can be conceived, but cannot be dmerlbed— it makes one sorry to be alone to admire all I this beauty. Or when the full moon throws her pMe light over tbeacrnb-clod topscf k» mountains and ovsr the vast plains belonr, I while the breezes play gently with Hut leaves ! 1 of ths palm-tree, and when the raystlo voices I of-tim .night-birds ring out on the Still qpiet night, there is indeed melancholy butjsUP untold beauty in such a Situation, ~ ; : : The scientific value of Mr.Lumholta's work will no donbt find adequate reeognitton at the bands of onr naturalists; and ita genersl interest and independent merita.are sum as I will ensure it a permanent and honourable Kce in the library of every one who is torn* a collection booJu relatina to thess I oolonim ■■■•■* 