AN ECCENTRIC LOVER. IN FOUR CHAPTERS. BY FRANCES TYRELL GILL. Chapter I. — The Prologue. Just three years ago this Easter four ladies came out from England to Melbourne to better their fortunes. They were three sisters and a cousin. 'The cousin's name was Thymer— Miss Thyiner —her household name, invammy, cousin Clara. To the three sisters she had filled the place of many relations — mother, aunt, governess, chaperon and always the best, dearest of friends. The three sisters were respectively, Mabel, Maud and Mary Thcimer. They were the daughters of an English vicar, but lie was now deau, and the only other relation in whom they were interested was their brother "Wingrove. The head of the house of Tbeliner, a sport ing baronet, took so little notice of the move ments of his poor relations that when once he heard they had set sail for Australia, they might, as far as he was concerned, just as well have gone to the South Pole. For a year after the vicar's death the four ladies had lived 011 the outskirts of the town, where he had held his living, but their outlook for the future, as far as money was concerned, was blank indeed. Wingrove was away in London, seeking his .ortune— as yet in vain. Then, one evening, Cousin Clara rose up fiom reading a novel of Australian life, and said, 44 What do you think, dears — suppose we, too, go out to Australia and make a fortune ?" To which Maud replied, " We can go out to Australia, I suppose, Cousin Clara; but as tc making a fortune, that is quite another affair." Yet Wingrove was written to that very nighl to come home as quickly as possible to advise. All the sisters were even then over 20, ,c so it was quite time that they began to sec what the world outside their native village was like,' .argued Cousin Clara, who was herself at heart o .bit of a rover. They were quite a little commune — all their .interests were identical — Wingrove even, the most erratic of mortals, had never been known to intentionally infringe the recognised com pact Cousin Clara was herself so bright, so warm . hearted a being that none would have supposed that she had once had a love story that nearlj wrecked the happiness of her life. " It was very hard to bear at first, " she toll tho sisters when they were old enough to under . stand the story. "To believe yourself to b< truly loved, and then to find yourself forsake! for someone else just tor the sake of money ii indeed a trial to faith in human nature. Bu just as I was wondering how I should get over i your dear mother died, and there were yot three poor little things loft forlorn; and so,' she concluded in a tone of great earnestness " I found my work ready to my hand." Onco having resolved to emigrate, Cousii Clara and the sisters next decided upon a sale o their furniture ; and to people who had neve: .sold anything in their lives before whatexcitinf and perplexing elements were there not in at experience like this ? Wingrove, who was ready to fly round tin earth at a moment's notice as though Mercury as Maud suggested, really were his tutelary god — hud already sped forth in one of the Orien boats to Melbourne that ho might have time t< take a preliminary look round before his rela fives should arrive — consequently they wer upon the present occasion deprived of his ndvic and assistance. Many wore the old family relics brought fort! from their hiding places to be wept ovei fondled, and yet after all retained as treasure too dear to be parted with ? "Who," asked Maud, getting up in a ecstasy of emotion from kneeling before an ol blue jug with au antique silver lid, and throw ing up her arms, as though calling to the god to attest tho genuineness of her deliverance 44 would dare to sell a jug — one of tho woddinj presents of their great grandmother, eve though they had already packed up a doze other jugs for tho sake of their associations ?" And tho silence bore witness that in tha house at least no such venturesomenes existed. 44 We will go forth," cousin Clara had sail when they had finally resolved to set sail fc .Australia, 44 in the spirit of adventure. W will resolve to take the evil with the good, an let one thing balance another." The adventures that fell to their share befoi leaving England, although not of a very stril .ing kind, had in them just that element of th romantic and mysterious which gives so great charm to the unexpected incidents of life. Duriug the last month of their stay in th country cottage, and while the sale was sti going on, thoy woro three times serenaded o three successive nights. With the tolliug of th last stroke of the hour of 12 tho serenade appeared to vanish. 4Apparontly into thin air," as Maud n marked, for no traces of him could be di covered. Itwas now September, but though the trees wei -begiuniug to assume their autuinu look, the wore still as thick with leaves as in July, and i thickly were thoy planted that thoir interlacir boughs quite covered the garden ground c which the quaint old gable roofed bedroon looked. Beyond the gardon was a bosky litt wood, so that it would be quite easy for anyoi to conceal himself oveu duriug a vigorot search. His instrument was unmistakably a lut and so bowitcliing was the musio ho made th the sistors were wildly desirous to know win the unknown screnader was like. But was ho their serenador? That was t question, They knew the history of this o cottage. It belonged to tho time of Elizabetl but in such old world places mcmori keep fresh and green, aud the story of tl uatnscl and the knight, her lover, was just living as though told yesterday. What If the unhappy knight still haunted tl scene of his love making of centuries ago? Iho sisteia examined the gardon beds in tl direction whence the musio had proceed without discovering tho trace of a footstep, ai it was hardly to be supposed that any being llcsh and blood, unless a cat or a squirrel cou walk amongst so many slender branches wit out breaking one of thorn. On the next night Mabel and Mary, who wc awake and watching, heard about 11.30 the first low notes of a lovely air unknown to them. Eagerly did they peer through blind and lattice, but no form could be discerned amid such amass of foliage. There was no moon, and only the faint light ot stars. All was dreamy and indis tinct. The strain rose and fell ; it sobbed ; it ohanged to passionate entreaty, and with the chiming of the last stroke of 12 died away alto gether. They watched again on the third night, with the same result, and after the third night the music ce&scd.; Now it happened that on the Sunday before the first serenade they had all noticed & stranger in the church during the morning ser vice. He wore glasses, aud there was something unusual looking about him, since though dark of complexion he had bright auburn hair. He was young, slight, with clear huuds and fea tures, and in some undefinable way gave the impression of being a student from one of the German universities. It seemed to Mabel that every time that she raised her eyes she fouud those of the stranger resting upon her face. Just as they were approaching a little wicket gate that led into one of the lanes out of the churchyard, the stranger suddenly sprang for ward and held it open for them. He bowed low in reply to their thanks, but said not a word, turned and went out the common way. "Did he spring out of the ground?" asked Maud, in wonder. 44 Perhaps," replied Mary, "he was only behind one of the tombstones," and they were very thick and high at that particular spot. He appeared no more in the church. But one evening, just as the four were approaching their , own gate, someone suddenly stepped from be hind them, and said, bowing low, 4 4 Pardon me, you dropped this, I think? " holding out Mabel's pocket book. The pocket book contained both money and private papers, therefore was their gratitude in proportion to their astonishment; for they had ; heard no one, seen no one. The stranger wore shooting dress — knickerbockers and cap. He held : his cap in his hand, as in reply to their thanks i he said : 44 1 am only too fortunate to be of use ' to you," but he looked at Mabel as'he spoke. i He walked swiftly away down tho street, and was soon lost in the dimness of coining night. Was he the stranger of the church ? They s could not tell. For the evening was too dusky i to allow them to see his features distinctly. Oil the evening preceding their departure for London, they paid a last visit to the vicar's grave. As they came away night was beginning I to descend upon the earth, and there was only the r dim light of the glimmering stars — the only sounds were the crooning of the birds and the I low voices of the wind in the yew trees. Just as they approached the little wicket gate ap- i peared a tall form holding it open for them, i He woro the long cloak and plumed and droop lug hat of a Spanish cavalier ; and looked as il t he had just stepped out of the fifteenth century t This time they were too agitated to speak. The i bowed, and hurried through without staying t< ' look whither he went. , 44 It would be quite too remarkable," sail Maud at supper, 44 for our little town of Chcwtoi l to Jtiave three distinct strangers in it and ye t know nothing about it. I believe the three ari r one." I "Well," said Cousin Clara, 44 let us bi 1 thankful that after to-night wc shall set him no more ; for thero was something dccidedl 2 uncanny in his appearance to-night." i The next day found them in London, in i r lodgiug in Hamp3tead, fouud for them by at fc old friend of tho family. And now the 3 resolved to devote the last few weeks of theii ' stay to sight seeing and shopping. It was j 8 delightful time; and it had in it just tha e element of tho mysterious which made their las days at the cottage so interesting. For, wonder h f ul to relate, their serenader again appeared. '» Music at midnight in London was, to bo sure 8 a much less unusual occurrence than in tin heart of Kent. But there was no mistakin & that lute and its skilled and impassioned player d The music ceased with the chiming of midnigh aud came just for three nights as before, an< 8 here the convolutions of the old building au< b the dark yew trees that grew in front aflordei 5 ample concealment for tho player. a As upon the former occasion in Kent, th n musio seemed to be directed to Mabel's window On the night before leaving for Australia, ft fc four returning home saw in the dusk somethin, 18 whito glimmering on the front doorstep. I proved to be & large bouquet of the loveliest whit li flowers — late white roses, tube roses, gardenias ,r interspersed with delicate ferns. Mabel wa 6 tho first to carry it inside. Around it was d white satin band, on which, in gold letters, sh read 44 For Mabel Theliner simply no name c '® donor, but they all together felt sure at one c" that it came from the miduight music makci 18 All equally agreed that whether ghost or love u of flesh or blood, it was to Mabel that hi9 attei: tlons wore direoted. 18 The uext morning as they were entering a U omnibus near their lodging — for they had still 'n few last necessaries to procure — someone steppe ie out of the little crowd of people in the street U' and held opeu the door for them. Ho woro th dress and had the manner of tho high bre e English gentleman. There was nothing foreig 8 about him except his dark complexion — notliiu ghostly, for the rioli glow of health wus on h cheek, and tho light of hope in his eyes. The, ;y noticed that his dark hair was cut very closi >Vith a mere movement of his hand lie di persed the one or two rough peopl m who would have crowded iuto the omn 8 bus before Cousiu Clara and the siscert le yaw them seated, bowed low in reply to the 18 thanks, and disappeared, is "I wonder, Mabel," said Maud, as from tl deck of the Orieut steamer, they, on this san e, day watched tho receding shores of Engl∋ at " whether that Mephistophelean being will cv ttfc make his appearance in Melbourne? " Chapter II.— The Reading of the Lettk i ; It was now early December, aud three yea es Bince Cousin Clara and tho sisters landed he Melbourne. as They hud in tho meautime experienced niai variations of fortune ; but thoy hud nccopt ho them in tlmt spirit of adventure in which tin at first set forth, and the result on the whe he was not unpleasiug to them, od Wingrove, with his usual look of lightnc nd aud alertness, had met them upon their nrriv of with an air of being quite at homo in the nc Id world. He reported favorably of tho genei ;h- outlook of things, though, as far as his ov prospects wore concerned, the outlino secin ire somewhat indefinite. But then Wingro lived in an atmosphere of delightful possibilities, and it would always have seemed churlish not to enter in spirit with him. Tbeir first affair, however, was to furnish the house which Wingrove, good fellow, had already found for them. And so much had he putdiis heart into the matter that he had actually dis covered a cottage and neighborhood, not strikingly unlike — old associations apart— those of many an English country town. The neighborhood was Toorak, aud the cottage in one of the quiet broad streets leading off Toorak-road. The cottage, a large red brick one, was about the oldest in the place. It wns roomy and old fashioned, with many French windows leading out on to its verandahs. Aud, greatest charm of all, it was buried in a large and luxuriant garden. Here they had lived ever since. They had but one servant maid. They gathered the fruits of their great garden, and made their own jams and jellies. They grew vegetables and flowers, the latter in abundance. But they knew very few people. For one thing there were but five other houses in the street ; of these five they had m&de; friends with the occupants of two ouly« They had not brought out letters of introduction, and therefore it was not to be supposed that the owners of the great Toorak mansions would call upon people, however dis tinguished their appearance, who lived in a cottage, kept one maid, and went out daily to teach for their living. For, after the expenses of furnishing and travelling were over, they found that their funds were very low indeed, and all resolved to go to work as speedily as possible. \- Cousin Clara was installed as housekeeper, directress, counsellor — that was the part she was to play, and they would allow her no other. All the sisters were thoroughly educated, as well as being highly accomplished. Mabel's speciality was music, therefore she taught music, teaching in different schools. Maud taught painting, this being the art which she had most particularly studied, and Maud went out as daily governess. Mary had been the ; least successful of the three — she did not really 1 like teaching of any sort. At this paiticular time she had been out of employment for some weeks. , 44 Now, if Cousin Clara could only be m duced to put a brass plate on the gate post, saying 4 first cousin to an English uaronet — family tree first took root in the time of Alfred the Saxon' — we should 1 have the whole neighborhood coming to call upon us in one afternoon, and everybody would ! bo wanting to engage me at once," Mary had ' laughingly said, striving to get what comfort 1 she could out of the situation. ' 44 Even in this age of advertising, and in s place so ostentatiously given to advertising as this, that would sound rather an outre adver- tisement," replied Cousin Clara. 44 You musl t content yourself with being my companion, ai least till after the Christmas holidays. Win f knows what may happen in the meantime?" > 44 Well, it's quite time," said Mary, "thai something did happen. Wc have not had ai 1 adventure for a long time now. I wonder if wi i shall ever again have one as uiysteriouslj fc delightful as thatof Mabel'smidnightserenader?3 ' At this Mabel had sighed and looked pensivol out into the garden. For, often in secret, beinj i musical, had she longed to hear those enchant a ing, those bewildering strains agaiu, and fo f other reasons besides her inherent love of musi had she desired to know who had given he \ those beautiful white flowers on the eve of he l departure for Australia. And now three year rf had gone by, and it seemed unlikely that any r thing would happen to solve the mystery, i And yet, so strangely do things fall out ii t this contradictory world, it was only a few day t afterwards, when the train in which she wa leaviug Melbourne was moving from tho plat foim, that Mabel thought she caught a glimps , of the figure that so often filled her thoughts- a that of the man with tho air of th 5 highbred English gentleman, who had held ope . tho door of the omnibus iu the morning o: t which they had left England. Sometimes, iu I deed, she thought of him in other guises ; as th I German student who had watched her in churcl: I of the sportsman who had handed hor he pocketbook, of the mysterious Spanish cavalie e who had appeared in the graveyard — wouderin much the while whether these were all phantas 11" mal appearances, or separate forms of living be g iugs — but always she liked the last presenl t ment, whether real or immaterial, best, o Now, in the surprise aud exeitemeut of th , moment, she put her head out of the carriag s door in an impulsive endeavor to look at hit a again. But the train whirled away too quick! e for her desire, and all she had to carry awn if with her was the glimpse of a figure, whic e might upon a nearer view have proved to bo bi r. a fancied resemblance. >.t Yet that very n gut she was aw&kencd; froi i- an involved dream, in which all the persouagi or appearance that had haunted her fancy f< n so many months played leading parts, by tl a soft strains of muic. At first the music onl d seemed to a part of her dream, and it was t, moment or two before she realised that it wi e actually being borne into her room through tl d open window from the garden. Then in c u agony of self-impatience, suddenly recognisii ig that she had actually been sleeping through tl is lovely strains for winch her bquI had so ardent y longed, sho ilew to tho window and pulled a, wide open ; but just then tho music ceased, ai s- so Mabel knew, although she heard no clot le chime tho hour, as in tbedearold Kentish tow i- or in tho great heart of London, that it must I i ; midnight. ir Mabel, without thinking of either dressii gown or slippers, skimmed down the tbr ie wooden steps that led to tho verandah, ai 10 gazed resolutely in the direction of tho gardi d, whonco tho .musio had proceeded. B er sho saw nothing, for the stars, beautiful as th were, affoxded too little light to sco iuto t thiokness of tho trees. She heard nothing e R cept the low whispering of the breeze among ' the leaves, and the distant sound of a vohiolo i rs the high road. But for all this a great thrill in joy ran through Mabel's wholo frame. F eccentric and mysterious as were t iy movements of this unknown lover of liors, t sd more fact of his appearance here in Molbour ey proved him to bo no visitant from tho lealm ilc departed spirits, but a real living human boil To begin with, what should a ghost do in M iss bounio? Where would bo tho raiso/idVfrc al bis appearance, aj >art from tho back ground sw local association ? One thing was absoluh al certain the historical maiden, whose cartl vn habitation the semblance of the unhap cd Knight was supposed to haunt, had never be vo in Melbourne. It was liardlv either to credited that even a ghost would have such a confused notion of things as to mistake this far end of the world for England. No, Mabel felt assured that whatever might be the secret of the unknown one's mysterious ohanges of appearance lie was at least really alive. Reinforced as it were by this joyful conviction, Mabel sped back to bed, and to happy dreams. 44 A most extraordinary being, exclaimed Cousin Clara, when she had listened to this new revelation of the eccentricities of the unknown one. 44 What can he be composed of ?" 44 Of flesh and blood, let us hope," said Maud, for otherwise beyond causing us a few sensa tional surprises, I don't see what use he is at all?" 44 Yes," returned Mary, "I do hope ho will not turn out to be a ghost. For what is the use of having a ghost for a lover, be he ever so lover-like, or should he make ever such enchanting music. And yet this lover of yours, Mabel, only seems to make his appearance at intervals. I am afraid, after all, that he is not an ordinary being." 44 Take notice, Mary, said Mabel, her eyes shining across the table, 44 that I don't want an ordinary lover 1" 44 But you don't want a supernatural one, Mabel, " Mary protested, 44 for, however roman tic, there would be, as Wingrove would say, 4 nothing in it ;' such a lover, I am convinced," she averred, with quite a judicial air, 44 must be more or less an illusion." 4 'Would you lather, Mary," Maud asked mischievously, "discover that he is in league with the Evil One ? I don't see how else he can commaud so inauy changes and transforma tions." 44 It will all come right in the end," averred Cousiu Clara, true to her faith in joy and cheer fulness being the ultimate outcome of clouds and perplexities. 44 Give him time, and I am sure that he will render a good account of himself when once we get hold of him." 44 But that is just it, Cousin Clara? How," asked Maud, pertineutly enough, "arc we going to get hold of so illusive a being?" 44 Let us," replied Cousin Clara with her ever readiness of suggestion. 44 all sit up for him i to-night. He is sure to come to-night again, Mabel?" 44 Oh, quite sure," said Mabel, as though there > were to be no variation even in the order of the i programme. i 44 And let us surround him," continued Cousin Clara in triumph. 44 How then can he 1 escape?" " How indeed ?" asked Mary, with a burst oi I laughter. "Poor fellow! Even a ghost would > hardly be able to escape from four women all surrounding him at once." i 44 To-night then," said Cousin Clara, 44 we i will keep watch for him." But there were a good many hours between 9 o'clock in the fc morning and 11 at night. t At 5 o'clock that day all four assembled from ) their four different avocations at afternoon tea, and grouped about the little table by tin t drawingroom window, they made a very pleasing i picture iudeed. i Cousin Clara was herself a noticeable figure f being tall and graceful of aspect, and thougl ' her manner was the most unassuming iu tin f world, such was the carriage of her head that i J impressed beholders with the feeling that sin \- was a person whose family had been accustomec r to be deferred to for centuries at the least. c All the sisters bore their heads in this fashion r well in the air. All were tall and sleuder am r strikingly alike. Mabel bring slightly th s fairest aud possessing, too, some slight enhance \- ment of the general degree of loveliucs was usually taken to be the youngest. The! a exceeding gracefulness and their remarkabh s likeness to one another was amattter of comtnen s in the neighborhood. > And just think of the heavenly goodness o e Cousin Clara ! By the midday post she ha< \- received a most remarkable letter. She wa e simply consumed with iinixitience to read it t n the sisters. Yet such was her consideration fo n their comfort that she actually waited till eac i- one had taken her cup of tea before ah e brought that letter out of her pocket. i. She even allowed Mabel to expatiate ou th ir glory of the day which was indeed the very pe: ir fection of a Australian summer day — full ( g bright sunshine, and fresh sweet sea breeze. Now she remarked, 44 This strange lette: i" dear, came to me at lunch time. A great su: fc- prise. Listen." As she spoke she took a small enclosure froi iO the letter and held it in her hand. ;o 44 Dearest of friends and kindest of ladies, n alio commenced reading aloud, y 44 A most enticing beginning," remarkc y Maud. h "Oh, the beginning is nothing," said Cousi it Olara with a little wave of her hand as thoug she would wave Maud and her remarks aside, in "To you," she resumed, in a most impressh 38 voice, glancing at her letter, 44 in my dii >r perplexity I apiieal and have confidence that io shall not appeal in vain. To whom else shoul ly I appeal with the same likelihood of evokit a sympathy? Are you uot tho dear counse 13 lor — have you not supreme influence wil io that fair being, who is at once my hope and a in despair — since 'tis my fate to passionately ador ig and yet, held back by somo invisible influenc io not to dare to approach her nearly. Just as th ly wretched ancestor of mine in the Middle Age it was prevented — being under the spell of a sc id ceress, whose cave he had uuwittingly invadi :k in tho heart of a forest — from ever approachii u, the presence of the maiden he loved, until tl do iuvisible barrier was dispelled by the wand of kind fairy, so am I kept by some strange b ig uncontrollable fear from more closely a ee proaohing the place of my desire. B id be to ine that kind fairy of whe on good offices I stand so muoh in need, ai ut break dowu the invisible barrier for me. Wi ey a few words you can set me free. Say only tb bo I may come in open daylight Give me perm ix- sion to stand within tho precincts of your lai ;st and there plead mj cause with your fair char; on and the charm will be broken. I shall enl of boldly, because I shall have a friend within t 'or household where the malign influence exi lio not. Only say that I may come, that is lie my prayer. You will not regret it ; I feel si ne as I write that you will not. And when I si of myself John Michael Di Vorna you will ig. once understand why, constituted (ib I am ol- caunot act in this matter quite like otl of people." of 44 That is all," said Cousin Clara, as : sly folded up the letter. ily 44 A Di Vorna," exclaimed all tho th ipy sisters at once. And then Maud added £ ?ou cinctly, 44 Well, that accounts for much." be And Mabel added triumphantly, 44 Natural but I would not have had him anyone else for the world." And Mary followed with, 44 At least he does not belie the traditious of his race. The Di Vornas were always supposed to be in league with the devil. Now are clearly explained all his puzzling vanishments." 44 A very puzzling letter," said Cousin Clara, without heeding the several remarks of the sisters. " He seems to me to be half mad and half wise." Then she added, ah though just re collecting something, and handing Mabel the enclosure she held iu her hand, " Here is some thing for Mabel, too, I had forgotten." It was only a sheet of satin note paper, folded and left open. On it was written, "To Mabel Thelmer. — Only write me one word, 4 Yes,3 if I may come. —John Michael Di Vorna." Mabel went over to an escritoire, took in her turn a sheet of satin note paper, and wrote 44 Yes, Mabel Thelmer." This she handed to CouBin Clara. 44 Oh, said that lady, delightedly, 44 That means that I must give him permission. But I must think of the most appropriate reply, aud we had better consult Wingrove. Wingrove is sure to come liome to-night." 44 That is not so sure, Cousin Clara," said Maud. And as the event proved Wingrove did not put in an appearance that night, nor until the next evening, but in time, however, for the denouement. 44 And now there will be no adventure," said Mary, regretfully. For he will not come until invited. The Di Vornas had been originally, indeed, as Maud remarked, " from the very beginning of things," a noble Spanish family, but in the course of time had scattered themselves over the face of the world. They had not always been respectable. In tbe middle ages they had been buccaneers, free booters, and indeed anything in which dash and daring largely entered. They had, too, been splendid soldiers, and their deeds upon the : battle fields of their country h&d; furnished themes for poet and troubadour. 44 The mad Di Vornas," they were called, for ' the very spirit of restlessness seemed to have i taken possession of their race. They were reputed to he enormously rich, i having filled their coffers in the days wherein— ' They sailed the Spanish main. , From their power of rapid movement and 1 transformation of appearance they weropopularly 1 supposed to be in secret agreement with the . deviL And now Mabel reflected that the very L method of the unknown one's love making ought to have proclaimed his race. The Di Vornas had always believed themselves to be under the ! influence of spirits, both friendly and iuimical — the unfriendly ones had immemorially played a ' leading part in their love affairs. Cousin Clara's letter seut the next morning 1 gave the Di Vornas i>ermission to call that even- ing at lialf- past seven, or, lie could take liis 'r choice of times, the next day at four o'clock. » To-day was Friday, there was a chance , of Wingrove 'coming home to dinner, but should ' he not, he always made a practice of returning to his relations on Saturday afternoon. ; s Chapter III. —The Arrival of the Telegram. 1 The sisters and cousin Clara were all day in a state of higli expectancy. Nothing of course » could happen until 7.30 in the evcuing, when they were all to receive the now declared Di e Vorna in the drawingroom. For Maud, at 5 o'clock tea, announoed that she had captured 8 Wingrove at his office door, and had just time to r make him understand that a stranger was 3 coining to see him that evening, and that the fc whole affair was must unusual and lomautic, when several people who had morcclaim upon his J time thau she, had broken off the interview. But a Wingrove would be home to dinner. So far 8 thing were going on smoothly enough. Still 0 something might happen even yet. Suppose t another letter should come by the 6 o'clock post ? " The erratic one might have another confession to 8 make ; or he might suddenly have felt himself summoned jo tho far ends ol the earth, Mabel, 8 who commanded a view of the frout gate, watched anxiously for the postman's appear- >fc ance. But no, presently the postman went by without coming iu, aud they all felt quite r> relieved. > "But he might send a telegram," suggested Mary about five minutes or so afterwards, n Scarcely had she finished speaking when „ Mabel caught a glimpse of tho red coat and white cap of a telegraph boy com ing in at the gate. Sho was out of the wiudow and into tho middle of tho broad garden walk leading to the gate before anyone n else had time to say a word. She had quite a h propliotic feeling that somethiug mysteriously delightful was going to happen. '8 One after the other, Maud, Mary and Cousin r8 Clara, followed, and there they stood, the latter 1 on tho steps of the verandah, like a little row of U sentinels. ig 44 Telegram for you, miss," said the boy as d- soon as within speaking distance, holding up the 'h envelope and smiling broadly, for all the sisters iy were favorites with whomsoever they came in contact in these small affairs of life. 8« But before the telegraph boy had time to at cover the still iutervcniug between himself and Mabel, the garden gate was heard to >r- open agaiu with a sudden swing ; and a tall man — a man youug aud slight — dashed dowu the path, and, reaching over the boy's shoulder, he snatched the telegram from his outstretched & hand. ut " Here you ," said the amazed, and P also suddenly, enraged boy turning quickly ut round. »se But he liad no opportunity to say more, for ad the intruder silenced him with a glance and a th wave of his hand. iat " Pardon me, Miss Thelmer, "said tho stranger is- wildly, and holding the telegram high iu the air i8» out of everyone's reach, 44 but tho telegram is mine." He took off his lmt as he spoke and stood ;er bareheaded bofore her. But though his tone and ho manner were tho most courteous and graceful ts imaginable, ho was decidedly excited. But nil Mabel thrilled with pride and conscious tendor- iro nesa ; sho was ready to pardon, to condone, to iru extenuate anything ho might wish or propose, ut For here sho was at last in the prcsonce. of her i I mysterious lover — he was actually speaking to tier her. For some reason, probably quito clear to the Di Vorna iniud, he had comu before the she appointed hour ; it was also presumablo that lus present eocentrlo proceeding was part of tho Yeo true Di Vorna method. These things would iuc- unfold themselves as they went along. But that he was a Di'Vorua, and also tho very hero lly ! of her dreams, she could have no reason-. able doubt. Tho Di Yorna look was known to her from a huudred portraits. In the eailier centuries the Di Vornas, like other noble Spanish families, had given their patronage toart jrand lateFon, though still be sieged by painters to sit to them, their like nesses were multiplied by; immovable photos, as the heroes of some mad adventure or esca pade, as the leaders of somo forlorn hope. So that now that she had time to look at his face, Mabel recognised at once the large dark eyes, full of light and command, the somewhat mournful cast of circumstances, the small clear cut features and the haughty pose of the head. 'Here — the complete traditional presentment — he stood before her. And Mabel had now time to assure herself that his hair was neither black nor auburn, but a fine shade of brown, and though cut closely, its inclination rwas to wave thickly over his head ; and that he ...was not pale; although dark, his complexion was as pure as the clearest of blood could make .... it;. and. the warm color of health glowed in Hp and cheek. Altogether Mabel felt certain that no woman, however, from an artistic point of view, exacting she might be, could have de manded a more thoroughly presentable lover. But just now be was not pleading the cause !. of love — he was evidently endeavoring to set " Btrdightsomelittletwistcdstrandof circumstance, and Mabel, without being exactly able to tell why, was so euro both of her lover and her self that she felt a. sudden prompting to indulge in that slight strain of mischief which lurked somewhere in the depth of her nature. She would pretend to be slightly amazed and utterly dispassionate in the matter, whilo as a truth she was all curiosity and quite quivering with a sense of tho mysterious delightfuluess of the whole affair. the first instance completely nonplussed by the suddennes of the stranger's proceeding, had had time to recover the proper degree of colonial \- assurance. He broke in, before Mabel had time to utter a word in reply 44 It ain't! It's addressed to Mis3 Thelmer. You ain't Sliss Thelmcr. It's yours, Miss," lie went, on addressing Mabel excitedly. "He's ' mad, or some thin'." Cousin Clara and Maud and Mary had now come up, and formed a circle rouud the three chief -actors in this little scene. "A most extraordinary proceeding," said Cousin Clara, but quite gently, as though des pite appearances she were assured in her own mind that everything was going on as nicely as it could. "In the true Di Yorna method, I presume," said M&md;, sotto voce, "Wait and see," whispered Mary, who was divided between wouder and amusement at tho whole affair. - And there they all stood in tho broad summer sunlight of 6 o'clock in the afternoon, with the birds singing wildly, with the breeze rustling the innumerable leaves, and the flowers exhaling their delicious perfumes ; and as the completing touch to its pleasantness there was the view of the blue Dandenong hills in the distance— the surroundings were all in keeping with the interesting acts of the littlo scene. But the boy was silenced as before by another look from the stranger. 44 Miss Thelmer," said the latter, again addressing Mabel, 44 only give ine your assur ance that you do not wish to see this telegram and I will at once relieve you of my presence." Ho spoke imploringly, and quite as excitedly as before. But this was not at all what Mabel wanted. She did not desire him to go, but to stay. She, and her sisters nod cousins, were now ail eager to see the little play played out. So sho replied demurely — maintaining the part she had assigned to herself — 44 Oh, but if you piease i suoum very mucu ruse to see my telegram." " But, Miss Thelmer," said the stranger, pleadingly, reproachfully, 44 will you not rest satisfied with my assurance that the tele gram is mine ? " 44 It ain't," said the boy vigorously, for though momentarily subdued he was not really repressible. " Wasn't I in the oflicc when it was written out, and ain't I carried it along? And what's your name?" he asked, inspired with a sudden idea that this eccentric being might, after all, be the sender of the tele gram. To which the Di Yorna deigned no reply, or probably did not hear the boy. Then Mabel, in bcr turn, said beseechingly, " But it would be mine if you would allow mc to have it." 44Miss Thelmer," said Di Yorna, "Let me ask why you should wish to read this telegram that you did not know you were going to receive." 41 Well, this is mad indeed !" whispered Mary to Maud. 44 A very original view to take of woman's curiosity," said Maud in the same key. 44 Why," asked Mabel meekly, 44 Does not everyone read their telegrams when " — sho glanced at the telegram held aloft in the air— 44 when they get them ?" 44 Pardon me, Miss Thelmer, but you are not everyone." His - tone seemed to say, "You surely are not going to act . in this matter like the common, everyday order of. persons." 44 Oh, no," conccdod Mabel in a tone dis claiming any pretension whatever, " quite an unimportant unit." "You are tho whole world!" said the stranger with oil the emphasis of profound con viction, and as though he were quite unaware of any contradiction between his two assertions. 44 1 mean," he added in an explanatory tone, "that, if you will allow me to say so, your wishes, your commands are beyond everything to me." Mabel bowed in acknowledgment of ki9 devotion, but she also smiled, because she had already expressed a wish to read her telegram, and ho still held it high in the air, a9 though quite resolved she should not have it at all. But, oh, how quickly ho divined the meaning of her smile. 44 But the present circumstance is so unusual," ho pleaded in reply to it, 44 Oh, mo3t unusual !" This was spoken in chorus, for all the sisters and Cousin Clara were moved In concert to express agreement, and the telegraph boy added witb emphasis, 44 1 should just think it was I" "Pardon mc, ladies," said the intruder, bow ing low to tbein all as though ho were only now really conscious of their presence, "for what I am sure must seem to you a mo3t unwarrantable intrusion, and had I not" — again gracefully: inclining his head to Cousin Clara — 44 your per mission to come, although at a later hour, I should never have been able to stand here, as I am now doing, pleading my cause with Miss Thelmer." "Then you are Michael John Di Yorna?" said Cousin Clara enthusiastically, and quite forgetting tho conventional "Mr." in her excitement, 44 but of course I know you are from your likeness to all your family por traits. ' 44 Then I shall have no difficulty in establish ing my identity, though I am afraid I shall have some in cxplniutng away the oddncss of my present proceeding. But we Di Vornas are always supposed to bo odd — it is a tradition of our race — though it really goes for nothing," he added in a reassuring tone, as though it had fust occurred to him that they might after all lake him for a madman. 44 But I think that it is one of the most' in teresting of your traditions," said Mabel promptly, but what her tone said clearly to him wa?, 44 Understand Ahat.should the-whole world say you-ajrcYpad it wiltfnot make any difference tome." His face lit up with smiles instantly. I4 1 have generally managed to endure! the aspersion philosophically," he said. 41 But now that it seems interesting to you, Miss Thelmer, I shall look upon it as a direct grace of nature." But now Maud,|who was always the one of tlio three most directly to como to the point, what ever the question might be, asked 44 But you sent the telegram? That is the sense in which you mean that it is yours." 4 4 Yes, I sent the telegram," said the stranger ruefully, 44 and that is the sense in which I mean that it is mine." 14 And afterwards you were sorry that you had sent it ?" said Mary, who was really quite sorry herself for his perplexity, although she had no clue to the cause. "Sorry!" he ejaculated. 41 No such mild term could express the extent of my dismay. I would have given anything to have recalled it ten-minutes after it had gone." 44 But this seems mysterious indeed," said Mabel reproachfully. 4 4 "Why should you be so contrite at having sent me a telegram that you yourself wished to send?" 44 But I did not wish to send it," he urged with emphasis; "nothing could havo been further from my thoughts." 44 O," was the single remark uttered by the sisters and cousin Clara all together in dismay. For really this hardly seemed to bo tho con duct of a thoroughly sane person. He had admitted that he sent the telegram. Presum- UUJJr, luLILivLC| lie >1 IdlitU IU bLIKl IU. XIlLli, again, according to his own admission he had changed his mind about it, although his mind, to say the least of it, must have been in a very vibratory state to have had such a derided revulsion of feeling in the short space of 10 minutes, and now he aunounce3 that he did not even wish to send it. Was lie then acting under compulsion ? What were they to think ? But he, quickly divining their mental attitude towards him, said imploringly and eagerly, as though he was actually nearing thepoiut of des peration, "Miss Thymer," — looking to Cousin Clara — "Miss Thelmer," looking to Mabel — "and all" — looking from Maud to Mary, 44 1 cannot clearly explain to you this peculiar look ing circumstance. I only wish I could. But," he here took out his watch, 44 if I do not go now and send off another tele gram at once worse things may happen. All that I can say in haste is that it is all the work of a servant of mine, who is popularly said to be as 4 mad as his master.' But I imploro you let me go now, taking this telegram with me"— and indeed he seemed in no mind to relinquish it— 44 and I will return, if yon grant me permission, in a couple of hours, and explain this extremely exasperating contre temps.' But here the telegraph boy, who was quite prepared to take a liberal view of his own importance in this scene, broke in with, "Well, look 'ere, I've got to deliver that telegram to Miss Thelmer, or somo one in the 'ouse. You ain't Miss Thelmer ! And you ain't no ono Hviu' 'ere ; and by the way yere goin' on ycre jest stoppin' me from deliverin' it, and kecpin' mc 'ere doin' notliin' ?" Then Maud, who saw at once the justice of the boy's view, said, 44 What the messenger says is quite just He is morally bound to deliver that telegram to the one to whom it is ad dressed. Now will you not in his presence hand it to my sister, and she I know will iustantly return it unopened." ine stranger thereupon handed the Ted stamped envelope to Mabel, and sho instantly handed it back again unopened. 14 Well, I'm blessed," said tho telegraph boy. He was completely carried away by astonish ment A weight of care seemed to be at once lifted off the stranger's soul 44 A thousand thanks," he said to Mabel, 44 only after this allow me nn opportunity of rewarding you for all your good ness." Ho turned to the telegraph boy. 44 As for you, niy friend, I look upon you as an exemplar)' type of post office official. I regret having wasted your valuable time, but circumstances are sometimes extremely tantalising." Here be slipped a golden coin into the boy's hand. 44 And now good day to you— go your ways with my blessing." Tho boy's broad smiles were at least a testi mony to his gracious acceptance of things as they stood. 44 And good day to you," he said promptly, " and I wish you luck with your telegram. Good afternoon, ladies !" taking off his cap to them ail at once. 44 Good afternoon!" they all said in return, dismissing him with smiles, aud the boy went whistling out of the gate. 44 1 may return, may I not?" said the Di Yorna, taking leave. 41 Oh. yes," said Cousin Clara, 44 we shall be all waiting to hear what you have to say." 44 Then I will only say au rcvoir !" ho replied, bowing low and going speedily on his way. But they were all just as much mystified by the proceedings of the Di Yorna as in the days when they were wont to spend their leisure time conjecturing who or what he might be. Chapter IV.— Explanation. Presently Susan, tho maid,. came tapping at tho drawingroom door to ask if sho should bring in dinner. It was actually now a quarter to 7, and no ono had yet thought of dining. 44 O. who could eat dinner after all this?" asked Mabel, appealing to cousin Clara. 44 And besides, wo must wait for Winerove: wc can't do without Wingrove to help us now," said Mary, urgently. "But suppose the erratic Wingrovo should not como after all," said Maud taking another view, "and then tho result would be no Win- grovo, a mystery and a spoiled dinner !" 44 Oh! but Wingrovo will come I am sure," replied Cousin Clara. 44 Let us trust & little more dears to the kindncs3 of circumstances ; and Wingrovo with all his freaks is such a dear fellow." "Why, this must bo Wingrovo himself," said Mary hearing the garden gate clang. She looked forth from the window, and, lo and behold, thcro was Wingrovo coming down tho garden path, arm in arm with no one less than Michael John Di Yorna himself. 44 Well, this is tho most remarkable thing of all !" Mary exclaimed, aud that of course brought the others to her side. Well, fortunately on this occasion it was somcoue whom they did wish to see ; for it bad happened onco or twice on former occasions that Wingrovo had been found coming homo arm iu arm with someono whom they would rather not havo seen ! 4 4 Let us como first into the drawingroom," they heard Wingrovo say in the most friendly tone imaginable, as ho and his cornpauion ncared the house, 44 they arosure to bo nil there." And there they all wero indeed ! AU four faces expressed tho profouudest astonishment; and all asked tlio question, 44 How docs this como about?" But Wingrove, in quite bis own way, began before anyone else baa timo to speak. 44 Allow mo lo introduce a friend of mine, whom I havo brought home to dinner. You havo all, lie tells me, met before in the day, and so, as I urn ravenously hungry, wo will at once proceed: to dine bcf6re I unfold tho/history of the! telegram, which caused you all dismay,' and which he has just confided to me."- " I need not," said Cousin Clara, becoming spokeswoman for the occasion, 44 tell your frienu that he is welcome, because I myself bad already asked him to come back, although I did not expect to see him again so soon ; nor with you." 44 Miss Thymer," said Michael Di Yorna, "no words of mine could express my thankfulness to you. for all the gr&ciousncss; yon have shown niri The Fates today would ha\e consigned 'me to this house ; need I say how joyfully I bow to their decree." "How did you happen to meet?" asked Maud her brother. '"Wo meet at the post office — a chance made us acquainted — that is all you are going to hear Maud till after dinner." Later in the evening when they were all seated on'the verandah Wingrovo claiming their atten tion began, 44 Our guest of to-night has appointed me his spokesman. As I proceed, you will see that in the occurrences of to- lay ho has been the sport of circumstances. He lias a servant who has the reputation of being, well, at the least, eccentric. He is devotedly attached to his master, and is the most trustworthy fellow iu the world, but he has a weakness — ho sometimes takes more drink than is good lor him, and when in such a condition his actions arc naturally more than ever peculiar. 44 Now observe, our friend has also a follower — a friend and an enemy in one — a hare-brained fellow, who is always getting into some fresh nuisance.' But as he saved the noble Di Vorna's life, at the risk of his own, when at the point of drowning in a Norwegian fiord, some three years or so ago, and has, besides, many good qualities, and a most entertaining wit, our dear friend has been hitherto unwilling to give him np. Some days ago, when on a pleasure tour in a little country town, lie had the misfortune to get mixed up in a sort of free fight. In the general incite lie contrived to seri ously disable one of liis opponents. For which reason ho is, in the language of the police, 44 wanted." In fact they were looking for him in the surrounding district, whereas he is safely hiding under an assumed name in Collingwood. But our friend, who is really attached to him, devised a plan for getting him away on a six months' cruise to Fiji. So he sent a note to that effect, money to be liberally supplied. Au answer came by the midday post to-day, along with yours, joyfully accepting and requesting to know how soon ho could start? 44 To this our friend sent a telegram arranging when and where to meet him to- night. He also sent one to you, Mabel, that he was compelled, to bis distress, to put off his call uutil to-mor row. He had missed the time, you see, for sending you a letter to reach by this evening's post, ami it was of the utmost importance to arrange for the embarkation of his Fabtafiiau friend to-night. "As friends were coming to lunch with him, he could not go to the telegraph oflicc himself. He thercforo sent his confidential servant instead. 44 The day as you all know has been hot— tho servant, had already taken some means to quench his thirst — his head was not quite so clear as it had been at an earlier hour of the morning. He went up to his room to put on a cooler coat, and there he left tho messages be hind him. He strolled down to the telegraph office, and putting his hand in his pocket dis covered their absence. His retentive memory is not the worst of his valuable qualities. He wrote out tno messages worn tor worn — all lie did was to confuse the addresses ! But this was not owing to lack of memory, but to fumes of wine. The one intended for you he sent off directly to the man in hiding in Collingwood. 44 Then, either owing to tho eccentric way of doing things into which this faithful retainer bad fallen, or because lie was seized with a new thirst, he thrust the second messago into his pocket, and carried it over to the hotel on the opposite side of the way ; and in his pocket, three hours later, lie found it, when a Bhort sleep in his own room had helped to clear his brain. In the acutencss of his remorse he rushed back to the telegraph office, and sent off tho wrong telegram to you. In the meantime the situation had become still more involved by the arrival of a return telegram from tho man in Collingwood, de manding to know if Di Vorna himself had gone suddenly mad ? "What did ho mean by "graoious invitation," 44 explain at once, "and so on. A terrible presentiment seized Di Vorna's soul. Ho rang furiously for bis servant, who could not of course answer the bell because he was then on his way to the telegraph oflicc. Servants of tho hotel rushed in, expecting a catastrophe. They found the favorite guest of tho house pacing the room iu a frenzy — in fact, in that state of mind in which it is a man's first impulse to tear out his hair and scatter it in handfuls. " Now, confirm me here if I am right," said Wingrovo, turning witli quite dramatic action to Di Vorna, as though ho were really acting a part in a pre-arranged play. 14 Oh," Bald Maud, giving way to her irresis tible temptation to laugh outright, and with a swift movement of her wrist closing the fan with which she had been vigorously fanning herself in her impatience, 44 do just for once say 4 right you arc,' like the telegraph boy." 44 Do, forvaricty's sake ; Wingrovo is growing too melodramatic by half ; we shall havo him wandering off to the moon if someone doci not pull him up." 44 Your sistor." said Di Yorna. with n. quickly responsive laugh, 44 has answered for mc. Now that she has suggested it, I do not think we could havo hit upon a more appropriate exclamation. 44 Get on, my dear fellow." 44 But let ine just ask this," said Maud, who found Wingrove s style of narration too slow for her curiosity, "why ivcre you in such a fren zied state? A mistake iu telegrams may cause laughter, but seems scarcely an occasion for madness, unless— " 44 Unless," Di Vorna smiled brightly back at her, and finished her sentence, 44 there is already a tendency that way?" 44 Maud," said Wingrove, in a reprov ing tone, "I undertook the elucidation of this affair to-night simply because I know just wb&t; you are. You would keep that poor fellow all night answering your questious. Now be silent. 1 am coming to the cud ; iu a dozen words I will conclude." 44 Oh ! thank goodness," said Maud ; "but I hope you know what you are saying ?" 44 To resume," said Wingrove, waving his hand by way of impressing silence on Maud, " our friend did not tear out his hair, becauao, being short, the process would havo been too slow to havo assuaged the violence of his feelings. The sorvantcaine in mid made a full confession, though ho did not know all the mischief ho had done ; his master resisted a frantic desiro to throw him out of tho window, and simply hurling a few curses at him instead, rushed away himself aud took traiu out here. Now anyonowho has walked the utreets and given tho most cursory attention to the matter. must have learnt something of tho ways of telegraph hoys. They do not always speed in haste to deliver their messages. They sometimes beguile timothy plajjfthg Snarblos, op they otherwisoidivert themselves atj street corners. Relying on this well known characteristic, our friend "trusted to get hero before the boy— the restyou know." , — ; "Oh !"said Maud, "after all this waste of words we know nothing;" " 44 Now you," sho said, turning to Di Yorna, 44 tell us yourself why you did not want Mabel to see that telegram?" "Now that the affair is over," said Di Yornai, "and I am safely here, I can have no hesitation in tcllingypu that had your sister read that tele gram sho would have had every right to cou- struo it into a mortal offence. It was so— so very peculiarfy worded. . — . 44 You see," said Wingrove, sitting down on .the verandah steps, and resuming his r6le of interpreter and defender of his now made friend, <4Di Vorna and the man in Collingwood are on very intimate terms. There is a good deal of affection between them, though it is usually turned off with a laugh; naturally enough, - then, the telegram was expressed in a jocular manner. As ill luck would havo it, it road like an exact, though affronting reply, to Mabel's note. I have the telegram in my pocket, and since nothing less will satisfy you, you shall all read it in turn." He handed it first to Cousin Clara. Each smiled' as she read. .The words wero- simplo enough: — "I.. knew you couldn't resist that offer; meet mo to-night at 11. o'clock outside my hotel." But just fancy Mabel reading such a telegram and taking it serioudy. Now, after all this, they were as happy as f-Aiild wAaaiMv li» TWnnv worfi flirt mini. tions Mabel asked, and perfectly satisfactory were DiVorua'a answers. He now confessed that he had fallen in love with Mabel at a church festival, although uupcrccivcd by her, a year before that first appearance of his at morn ing service. He had gone backto Germany with out making himself known to her, to put to test the notoriously mercurial Di Vorna blood ; that he had not been able to keep her ; face out of sight or the thought of her out of his heart ; that lie had had a fever in Germany, and had, had his head shaved, so that it was easy to change the color of his hair as often as the pur poses of disguiso demanded. As for tho eccentricities of his wooing, it had been tho fashion of every Di Vorna of whom ho had ever heard to serenade the lady of his choice, and to hover about her iu an unreal fashion till she gave him permission to approach her in due form. After seeing them upon the morning on which they left Eugland he had lost the clue, owing to his being suddenly summoned to Italy, and did not find it again until three months ago. He then set sail for Australia. 44 And now, at last," he concluded, 44 1 havo reached the place of my desiro." ; J . 44 But," said Maud, mischievously, "can a Di Vorna actually desire to staymore; than- five days or so in the one place?" . 44 It has always been a tradition of our race," replied Di Yorna, reassuringly, 44 that love ; willi exorcise the spirit of uurcst." : He looked at Mabel, who only blushed; and wa silent. Wingrove came to the rescue. ' 44 Mabel, Maud and Mar)r, sisters three, and Cousin Clara, , arc yoii all at last satisfied?" : 44 Yes," . tliey .all said in chorus. ' 4,Thet»,"said Wingrove,. taking Mabel's hand? and putting it in Di Vorna's, 44 let me give my beucdiction. And now, good night, it gets on for 11, and Di Yorna has still to meet his' friend at 12. I go to the station with him." 