The Man in The Mask ; on, A I>crl>crnte Strutngein- Tow> ur am Ex Dsthotivb. During four months "Tho Man In the Mask" waa a culobrity in Winelitf und around the ploeo for several milcB. Ho was olso a mystery. IliB existence oould not be doubted oven by tiioso who had not Bern him, beoauHO the Btories told of hia occaeional appeurancea wero bo clear and circumiitautial ae to bo ab solutely oonvinoing. Those who had soon him remembered tho meeting witb pain. Hia interviews witli the few persons he had cho?cn to favor with hia attention wero usually abort, charp and alarmingly earnest. Ho demanded all the money, tho watch, and Bny other artioles of value wbioh the person whom he confronted chanced to havo in his possession, and tha demand was followod by surrender. Tbe terriblo alternative was in timated bv tho barrnl of a revolver firmly held, and "presented full in tho faoe ot Iho person who&o; goods wero required. Tbo men who had mot " The Man In tho Mask," and continued their way muoh poorer in consequence, could not describo bim. His faoe wa? completely oovered by a dark groy mask. They could only see ho waa a big fellow, with a hnnob on hia back, mounted on a powerful horee. and that his voice was deop and gruD. Tho people in Winclifi did not know any man who answered to that im | perfect description. Hia appearance had not been made at any place moro than five I miicj distant from WinCim", yot to everybody in and around tha plaoo tbe daring robbor wob a myatory. Iu no instance had tho mysterious Man in tho Maek found it noooneary to inflict bodily injury in order to Bcouro tho booty ho sought. But the faol that ha was a robber who re vived t!-..?. praotioo? of tho highwayman of old wa? sufficiently disquieting. It might be nomo oliivnlruun sontimcut that led bim to oparo the porHOH3 and the pockct-i of men wuobo all was but a little. Ho appeared only to those who wcrcropntcd rich, and extorted from fear tho gold ho oould not gr.ln by more lawful and hono?l means. Ho wan, there fore, vory naturally set down in tha minds ot all law-respecting pereon? as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative dnty. Tho performance of the dnly devolved on mo, and I eel myself resolutely to tho taak of penetrating the mystery that shrouded tho Man in tho Mask. Ono evening in February a gentleman named Welham was driving towards Win cliff. Hia vehicle was a light gig, in whioh ho frequently travelled long distances, and displayed all tho good pointa of the horse that happened to be under bia control. A hobby of hia youth, whioh did not appear to lo?e any of Its strength though his age was in tho fifties, was to drive a good home, and hia ample means enabled him to indulgo that oxpeneiva taste in all eeaHons. Mr. Wolbora was driving towards Wlnolilf, ? interning tn patronise ita well known hostelry, tho Roebuck Inn, for the night, and to drive over the twonty-two miles of road that Iny between Wincllff and London on tbe follow ing morning. Tho nl?hl had fallen auddonly. Tho Bky was clouded, and tbo borso wa? pursuing lub way at a moderate pace when less than five mile? from tbo intended baiting-place. The traveller wa? anticipating the light, warmth, end animal comfort, for man and beset that wrro to be found at tho inn, whet, an ovant occurred thai gave a vory different tone and character to hia thoughts. Mr. Welhani wau approaohing a point whero b wide, pra?.iylano opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man euddenly emerged from the lano and reined tip his home in tho centre of tho road as if to har hia progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider's face bh ho approached him. It would be mora exact to say ho looked inquir ingly at that portion of tho man between breast and hat, but failed todiseovcr a face. " Stop I" was sboutod in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly Been firmly grasped in hia hand, the muzzle of which looked like a round, dull, black eye, staring menacingly into Mr. Wclham'e face. In an inetaut the geutlunian realised that he waa in the presence of the-rodoubtable Man in the "Why should I stop? Who are you to give auob an order?" exclaimed Mr. Welham, lit the aaino timo, however, pulling up his iioreo as its head nearly touched that of the animal on wbioh tbe masked man was mounted.__ -.._,, ? ?? stop to save your life, if you think it worth saving- If your horse moves a yard ?I'll slop bim with a bullet, and then bavo more ready for yon. Try me, if you like. You see.T bold your life in my hands; but I j don't want yaur Wn if I can get your mnuay without it- lam desperate, and I can't waste time.- -: Do.'whatl ask, and yon may go on without any hart; refuse, and the next in stant yon will be a dead man, and I will take what'J.-want." . It was a deep, hoarse, hut terribly earnest voloa that oamo from behind the mask. The words ware not spoken in a way that gave any hint of agitation or passion. Tbe voice was probably disguised," but it was so evenly emitted that the bearer eonld not doubt tbe spcaksr do all. he said—even to murder—rather: than permit, bis victim to evade or frustrate him. f. : ~ - " What do you; want ?" Mr..Welh?m said, recognising the necessity . for coming -to ferina with bl? assailant. - , f< '??'?--. .', --'?'.- .'?'.'?.?' :;-?'?? " Muney.nud everything I may turn into money; Quiokl ??* Your purso, your watch, yonr jpwela.f L?y them; in my : hand—nil. Drop tltcreins. If youattempt to.'esoa'pa or to wist you will force me to murder. Quick I -and beware!"--:-": "-.-,' "-,'-"."?.'?'-:??'-.?'.;. The Man In the Mask walked hin horse'to tha sids of the gig, keeping Mr.'Wslbsui co vered with the revolver until tho.'.mnacla of (he weapon" nearly t6ucli?d ,his ear;' T.hft gentleman''-fn*ts.ntly. d<-oided;thatf'ti'o mriit. eribmit t? the i obbery an the loasv of two evils., between wbioh be was compelled to chooso. The pronorty il?manjUd was plaoefl in tlm robber's left hand.' ? He. transferred "(I .td.a, pooHftt ja th* rd'Vof the loiip dark fel'isW; het wnro, wblon onmpletsly novSiad him from ih< sats to Iks ka*?. - . : o;j'f^s? ?'You havo ro'juul me of everytliinrf," -'Jr. "Mbsm Htiid, hoping the M::n in the Mi:,k would nccapt thai inlimatiun that hifl busi ness urn completed or.d permit tho victim to pursue his way. "Not yci. You have a book, or caoc, ih.it may bo flliid with valuable papers." ?' Ouly a fow letters und p?per3 relating to bufincus." "I want none of t Irani. But bring out your buok aud o| en every ecrap of the paper before mo. Do not try to cbu.\t mo, mind." ?'Chi-al/" rupeaicd air. VvUham, particu larly cmpli?eiHing tho word. Ho produced his pocket-book, bnwevor, and proceeded to open each paler ;s oon fiined, po that the robber, in ?-!'? HkIU u Horded by the gig-lamp, could dincovcr it? character. Kroui an inuer pockot of_ the book, tha masked man directed hitu to draw folded papers, which proved to ho ten pound nosea. It is burdly necen-ory to add liiat tha robber immediately caused mem to bo placed in his baud, lie directed Mr. Wulhnm to seotiro bio other rapnrs. When that was done hu ioroed him to turn his horao and drive hack along tbo road ho had travereed. When he bad driven about a mile, ho miitbt return ; bo? if ho attempted to follow tho Mask, the oon?cquenccs would he fatal. Half an boor aftor his unpleasant adven ture on tho road, Mr. Welhom arrived at tlio Itoabnok, In Winclifl. Hi* first core was for his homo, which was decidedly weary after an nnueually long day'B journoy. When ho ii&d; Been the animal oonveyed to the Ktablo, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught of brandy and water, aud asked the ireareat way to tho polioo station. " Tho polioo station, sir I 1 hope none of tho men about our plaoa bavo been unoivil? Mr. Ililyard would deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to bo made about any one in tho Ituebuok," said a man, who appnared to bo the actual manager of the establishment,and eeooud iu authority to Mr. liilyurd only, who wa? the landlord of tho inn. " No, no ; I'vo nothirg to Bay against any body at the inn ; bnt I havo businoes at the station. Is Mr. Ililyard at homo I" "Yes, Bit. He was horo a low minutes ago. Shall I ring for him t" " Do, ploaBO." Tho manager summoned Mr. Hllyard, who made his appcaxanoa after a fow seconds. Hia crisp, fair hair, opon countenance, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good opirita, and oonveyed a decidedly ploa?ing improa alon. " I want a word with you, landlord," laid Mr. Wolbam. " At yoor eorvico, Bir. Will you Btep in hr.ro?" said tho obliging Boniface, opening a door of stained glaas, whieii admitted lo a little room that was used aa an ofllco, and was also tho "governor's" private room I Mr. Wulham slopped in, and immediatelj [ told Mr. Ililyard ol his encounter with the Man in tbo MaBS. The landlord wa? sorry and indignant at the same time. " I've tried all I ean to And out tho fellow, and I believo tbo dotoeiivo office in London Is looking after him, bn: It doesn't scorn to bB a bit of uss. He acirea and hs goes like a ghost. He's rebbod bit or eeven Kuntlomen In a few months, but nobody er.cms able to guess whoio ho aomes from, ner wheie ho goes to, Ho's a rcnl puzzlo, sir." " Well, ha bas a hundred poundo of mine In monoy and goods juot now. I thought II best to toll you, beoaunayou may put othor gcntlomon on tboir guard. 1 must give information at the polios officio. Where is It?" " Only a fow mianloi' walk. I'll send a man to show you." " Ycb ; I've lout too muoh timo already." Tbo landlord opened hlB door and spoke to hia manager. "Callllrown at once. Tho Mask is out to-night, it ncemo. This gentleman was robbed a few miles lrom bore, and wants to lodge information. Brown muni go with him to tho elation." Brown wob good In attendance Tbe rob bery wns reported in tbo station, tho Btolon property described, and onco more tho local authorities wero roused to exert their powers lor tho capture of the Man in tbo Ma?k. It happened that tho discovery cf the rob ber, who committed hia depredations in a ?tr!e so muoh li!m that of bighwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than oven tho gonticmnn who had Buffered ooald have hoped. A oouple of hours after Mr. Wclhnm'B return from tbo polico station ho was in the Bmoko-roorn of the inn, when tho manager approached him. " Mr. Ililyard wiehc? to Bpeak to you, if you can spare a minute," ho aaid. " I oan i'[mre ten minutes if Mr. Ililyard has anything particular to Bay." "He will sen you ia hi3 privato room.it you please, llu sayo the matter ia import ant." Mr. Welhaa went to tbo little room be fore described, and was much [(truck by the serious oxpresHion of the landlord's faoc. " You will forgive mo, I'm sure, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from the station hut boon hero. lie tells mo some money hue been Btolon, and that tho sov ereigns have u peouliur murk. If any sov eroienfi with tbat mark eomts into my hands I am to ark tho person who oilers it whero he got it, no that it may bo traced buoi. to tbe thief. Was thero a mark of uny kind on tho gold you have lost ?" " Yea; there ware six eovereigus in my purte, and a Htuall in, with a fine line before and aftor it, were seratobed undor the bead ol caob," Mr. Welham replied. " That is the mark the policeman do soribsd. I see now il was your money ho meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I oau tell is that 1 gave a sovereign in titan's, 'quarter of nu hour before I heard of it." " That is uatoni?bing I Aro you sure tho mark waa exuotly like mine!" " Yes. 1 cannot be quite positive about the lines, but I remember tbe xe distinctly, and I bolieve there was a little scratch bafuru and aflur the leitur, just as if tbey wero intended to shut it in, like." " Precisely." '? 1 noticed it wben my" man gave il to mo. I bad sent him out in tho afternoon to ool loct a few small accounts, and ha didn't come back until after jog arrived. Than he was drunk. He had got-only one pound save" from our of iqy. customers, and whan ho paid it in I eent him off to bed. Tbat inarifd.sovereign was the one he paid me, and I looked at itolosoly at tho time. I must :gM rid of bim." ..'-if "J most see hiua ? at' onee, sir. As your man fgavo you one eovefsiftn bearing toy mark he may bavo more. Uo may -be the masked robbsr himself, or ho mast know where bo can ha found. I insiiit on tho rc-anVbtlhg questioned-an3 searched I" Mr. WVJhainvexolslmod, excitedly. ;-.":. '??/ -.-..'* It-is only natural, tbat jou'ehbnld, sir, and 1-bthfwilliiig to ; aid you in cvtry way. But, youota, it wonlfi be little lesa.ttian roin' tu taclf "a BUBpieion got out tbat b, highway robber wan ono of my servants, and aJepl In ilSs house.; Wo must bo able'to prove it. lnpB:I sbali halp, you to poni?h;him, and Ibal..'will rnmove all ? suipieion* from tho hnatt ".-':'?'?-*"'??'? ""'.<? - ; "---.''"'-': : '.'.:? '?'?';T'"-'-'?.??'>''"'*: .".V'B.it"*l'il*'w?'v c re. uD-ing .hern tlio man j;Vor';lK*?: and foomo to .',' Million f" Mr. "W?lb?m ex ,?l?Un?rtiji:;;-vh-" ; v"<'; , < v^''S.te :l S-:'V;-';:'V I "He was too far font in liquor to make any attempt to ?- t.p boloie miu.l timo in the morning. I will send n lino to the sta tion asking for two men ?o bn irnthrrc tiirertly, or you may neiid tho note. V. lion li,.- men are here, ?e will go to hiu room and ,c ? a him. Perhaps the eight oi policemen will help us to get the real truth from him," eaii' thu landlord. " Very likely. But there in no time to bo lost. Give ruu paper, and 1 w'll write," The paper wub laid on the table, and Mr. William wrote a few word* requesting tbo pretence of roHpcneiblo otHci-ra at the lloo cuok Inn. Another line intimated that a eluo lo the identity of the maeked robber bad been found. A fow minutes later a sergeant in plain clothes and a eoii.-tu.ble in uniform were in tho Ilotbuok. Mr. Ililyard told the eorgennl about tho marked eoiereign no had received, and gave the namo of tho man to whom he had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then tho tour went to the little hack room o>er on outtiouse where the suspected man-ot-all-work slept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the elcepcr. ?' Hearoh tirat," suggested Mr. William, ut the i-iinw time noising; a short coat of thick dark Bergo that hod been careleuely thrown on a ohuir. The landlord seized a vent that lay on the floor and thruat hia fingers in tho pocketH, finding only a sixpence and thieo pennies, which ho at onoo returned. " Thero itf nothing here but apir", lobncoo, nnd dirt," whispered Mr. Welhom, after eimuimug every pocket he cuuld find in the coat. " There's money here, I think," naid tho tcre.cfc.nt in plain slothes, .-pe.,ikinK iu aup preh.'iCd Icnen. Ho had oarcfully lifted a pair of trouecri) that lay upon the bod, utid had druwu from ono oi the pocket,! t. litllo packet wrapped in i. piece oi newHpaper. On opening thiH pnoket it wae fojud to contain live Hovoruiguj. Mr. Wolhaai and tbo plain- clothus man looked ut thorn uloaely, nod tho murks wore plainly discernible under the bead of each. Tho coins wero refolded in tbe paper, and returned to the trouatirs pocket. Then tho sergeant uoizod the Bloepor by tho ahouldcr nnd shook him roughly. Ho awoke aud sprang up to a uitting posture in tho bed, when the constable in un.foim ateppod for ward ready to grapple with tbe man should he resorl to violence. " Why—l e&y; —wbot'B the matter f What do you all waul 7" tbo man ejaculated, as ho beoame thoroughly uwako, and looked from one to another in oonfuaion, " Your master wants to auk you o question, But bo oaicful what you Bay. I ajuat take notice of every word," said Iho, sergeant, "But whai'sit all about? I'll answer any Mr. Hilyard wants to ask ma. What is ill" '* I watil iu kuuw what kind of money Mr. Benson give yon this afternoon whon ho paid hie aooounl7" "You want to know that I I think yon ought to know when I gave il to you. It wau b sovereign, two two-ehillin* pieceu, half a crown, an' a sbil'.-'. He said I might keep the sixpence over for a highs, an' I did." "Did you givo mo tho novcreign you iio? from Mr. Benson? Yuu were out all tho afternoon, you know, and you came here drank." "No, r.ir—not drunk. It Ir.ke* a lot to make mo whr.t I call drunk. 1 d had a few drinks, I know, 'oauoo I'd been about a bit, but I knew what I wan doin'." " I aak—did yoa givo mo the sovereign yon got from Mr. Benson 1" " Do yon mean to say I didn't f I'll swear I did." " Had you any othor sovereigns f" "No ; I don't havo many sovereigns about mo, exoopt when I'm paid a fow for yoD." " Tho sovereign you gave mo waa marked.' 1 " I didn't mark it." "But you have other Eovereigti? in yonr pooka: with the uaniu mark on. How or where did you get them 1" " Sovereigns mmy p ickot f How do yeu know what's in my pucketf You needn't trouble about my puoketn, Mr. Hiljard. II thero was twenty eovereig.u? iu my pookuls noiio of 'om 'ud be yourii." ?'l'm suvo they're not iiuou; aud thoro'B rcabon to think they ahouid nut be yours. Sergeant Lynei etarahed ur.d found them thore." "Searched 1 Fouud them I" he exoiatmod, hia effrontery giviug place to alurm. '?Yua; I must tako you into ounlody on eu?picion of having BtolcL the money. This gentleman hna been roLbed, uud I have found part of the atolcn property in your pocket. You must corse with me." Protodtutiou? of innoceuou wero loud, vehement, and frenaied, but they could not alter faat?, aud they weru unavailing. Jake Ilincuugh v.a? oouvoyeu to the police atatiuu. Tho memburs of tho locul torou were jubilant at the thought that tbe loi.g-dieudud .Man iu tho Musk had beou oaptuied and incarcerated In Winolifl, the oentral p.iut uround wbiou he bad moved aud coLa.nitted hia variuua crimes. A fow miuutoa after Mi. Wulham had re potted hia loao to tho puline authorities iu Winolifl, news of tho robbery was wired to thu headquarters of thu deteotive depart ment in London. As soon as 1 appeared in the otlice next morniDg the ouse was given into my handj. I was invented wilh power to do all I might think necessary to bring tho offender tu justice, and I started at onoe to oommenou my investigation of u case in which 1 fell more than c—"--"ij professional inturcst. I arrived in Winolifl before the prisoner had boon taken before tbe magistrate and it was thero I learned nearly all tha particulars I have mentioned. .'?'?:.'. >~ . f ~ ' Iu the first place, I was curious to see tbe man who bud booomo a..criminal, celebrity. My Hist view ol him wau "obtained through thu grating in tbe door ot the oell iu which he was conQued. Thore was nothing In bis appearauoo to oorteupond'-: with my prooon ueivod notion of, a desperate highwayman. Hut we know how deceptive and misleading appuaranoo frequently are;.. The spirit of a devil may bo sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a parson of. more than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Hiaoough, end he replied to me with the air of a man whom tbe: "discovery of his'orimd, had utterly oonloonded. I could not gain from biro anything mors than repeated assuranoe of hia innocence. Whan I said the sovereigns in his pookol told a different tale, be-merely said :.-':,?."?.'?""?.? -..o.V "I know nothing about them sovoroigns. Tbe devil rrost bavo put them there. I never did. I hadn't even a shillin' the last time I remember feolin' for money, an' how fivo pound camo to be inmj pocket I don't know. I believe there's some dodge in the whole affair that'l oan'l understand. Tbe gcotlcinau;'that was, robbed or Sergeant Ljnos knows mora about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of a mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about the road after dark njither. I can tell evsry phiaa 1 was In; an" I swsar I never saw that money before I saw it in the sergeant's band, if bvcuriu' will do nie any good. . " " SweariDf! will no* tt?-* you froti- being . Somrnitttd {...' trial. r?, c: !r.-.Mr.. rcr :.ndcd. .i'dhelpyco if I conld. II )C'. ctt> i?U mn wbsra you wwe, and if others e-a pir-ve you were not near toa.ploec wbcu thr. gentleman Win itiulMii.il.'it. ,v.ii! ehow tbat jou can't tivi.-ii.-iibs=! bi=i. . A max. cin'J tie in too pliw.n at one lime, ?v*n it b? haa ? fast boras ' .H.tMM':~; "I wasn't on the bnak of a borse all yes tc-rd?v.". " A ertions without proof are no defence or n Strom.- ovio'enco. Tlin finding nt tbo mi rie;. in your pocket will require a lot of ex pl..in-og." '? Au' 1 can't explain nothing about thot. I don't know how it onme there, an' I don't know how long it waa there ; in fact, as I faid before, I don't know bnythiny. about it." The prisoner named a fow persona wilh whom hi' >a i he hud been about the time nt which the ro..i.ery uio. nr.mmiti?l. I <??de noteo of the uuiius ond places bo mentioned, intending to tt-fit the accuracy of his elate inenth by pergonal iuql.iry, Mr. \\\'olliam oould not set off on his drive to London eo OL.rly aa he had intended that morning. He appeared in the court when the pric-oner wr.s brought up on tho charge of having committed robbery from the person on the highway. He untried that tho live poverciguu found iu the priaoner'e pucket wero part of the money of which be hLd bet::-, deprived linJer threat of death ; but, e.j thu robber wan masked, and uahu up pcared to he l.umpliauki-.d, he could not enj whet.'icr tho'priHuncr wsh the niut.. Mr. Ililyard told bis story.wiiich wa?clear and circumstantial. Ho had sent to tbo efritlcnian to whom he nave tho eovereie.n in change but had not yet heard from him. Thu landlord's utcf u-ent left little doubt ns to the priiune-r's guilt. HerKiiant Lvi>?..? ?o pused to finoiii;- the money. The prlwouer, when qucaiiosu.:, faid ho \v:i? not near the ccenn ef the erir.io v.-heti the roiieery wufl coiumitied. 11.--ci.-ild j.rcvi- that by calling wim-i-f'e,', r.rnl he would i-wtai be did not know anything about the money fout'.d in bin pocket. 4,!t\r Inaritir iJI, the tuae.is trute agreed ro :he piiiunei lor three dayii, during which Uio iwtl sc-arcbuig inqu-.ry ohouid bo naadu. iioon aa the prinunor wuu removed from tbo dook, I arranged witb tho polico authori ties for an immediate and rigorous eeareii of the room ho hudelcpt in at the llnubuuk Inn. Without appearing to taku apruluineul part ia tho bueiness, I aooomp&nied;' tho eeaichers and superintended their proceedings. &lr.; Hilyard afforded uo faoility to visit tbo places in whiob tbo priaonor was principally employed ; but a very thorough Bearoh failed to itisoovor any other particle ot tho stolon properly, or any article of &tijjw; eorro rpouding to the deuctiption Mr. Welham had given. While in the yard ot tho Inu I asked the ostiei whether Jako Biscough had taken out u horse the prcoeding evening, and learned thai he had not. Mr. Hilyard had ridden out for about an hour in the evening to call on a gentleman who livod a few miles away, bus he handed the horse to tho ostler again about half an hour n!Wr dark. I then wont in search of the persons whose names 1 bad jutted down. I epoka übout the trial and the charge, and what I learned from Jake's frieuds corroborated what be had lold me. "lean swear, an' so can others, Jak? never left the Qruy Gooso from about bait past Ibrco till nearly six o'clock. We wore playin' quoits till it got dark, an' then we turned into tho parlor an' played dominoes till Jaka went home. Ho wax a bit 'flush,' but not mora ?o than I wan. Ho might 'avs called aoiaowhcro ol?) on \ho way—l dar'say he wouldn't paBB tho Nolaon without oallin' in for a glaaa—hut it waa.a long timo after dark whon he left me. He's sol a likely sort lo bo taken for tho Man i' Ihs Mask." Beforo night I bad learned enough to satisfy ma Ibat Jake could not have com mitted the robbery. But bow was tbe presence of the ooina in hia pooket to bo accounted for f And how did il happen Ibat only Ihs marked money should bo fouud in bis poaseaaion, whilo thirty pounds iu notes, a gold watch., and ahain, and two diamond rings bad utterly disap peared. I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly! 1 put the diilerens little items of knowledge tegttber, as it 1h my habit to do, and tried to get a curtain clear idea out of all. 8.-iore I dlopt that night, I was fully certain of two things. One ??3 that Jaka Hiccough witb not tho robber, though some of the booty wat* found iu his pocket ; the other wau that Juke had met tho real Man In tho Musk, uud 1 uould find him. Ab early ca possible nt,xt morning, I wailed an u magimratc, and seul word that I wanted a few words on important business. He gave mo an interview nt onoe. I told him my bunineat in Wiuoliff, and then laid before bim tho theory I had formed tbo night boloro. I onouot do ec.-ibc bis astonishment ss I prooeeded, and I believe bo thuught sb I did at last. I went from bin houne witb a j BC'iroh warrant in my pocket. Thin I went I to the polico oQieo lo complote arrangements for the step I iuiouded to tnku. | The landlord of the xtjeuuck Inn waa partaking of hia rather latu breakfast when 1, two poliuo uergeaut?, and four men entered hid hoitelry on serious business. Hit, ruddy oomplexion fadbd to an anhy paleness when I told him 1 hold a warrant empowering me to aearch hia bouae for btolati goods, lieoovering from the stun ning effect of tho intelligence, he made u step tow'.id me aa it he would kill me, but two of thu man following inatruutioo? pre viously gi?';u, stepped bufote bim. "We huve to do our duty, Mr. Hi], yard, aud I hope you'll not make il more unplea?&nt.; Wo must starch your rooms u-veo if so huvti tc overuome oppcei lion."" - - - : f '-'?'-?'?; . " Caged I —caught I Six men to ono I" be: biased, glaring at the men- he' re garded as enemies with an expreuioii ol faoe that,was wholly suggestive of-.tn'iir> -der.-v ; ;?""??- ?^''--.-'-';^v"- i -?Til go up with you," ho- nddsd, suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. r -"No, su.: J-You.trcsla ==t ssiisfn?.'."T win leave-Ihreo meu here to piovent you from following lis," said the Horgeant—after whiob auuuunoemsnl Mr. Hilyard sank, Seemingly powerless, in a ehair. Our progress wae no longer 'impeded. Wo went to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and iu a small box ou tho droning tabic found the gold watch, the diamund rings, aud tb-i uoteu whioli ilr. Wulham had lout. Iu another box, fuHleucd witb a padlook, ?s found -a tightly- foldcu parcel, wiiioh, on boing opened, was fuuuu tu contain some of tho properties used in the "makeup" of the Uaii in tbo Mauli. Thero waa tne. long. d?rk olotk, with i bundle of guv a olotnu sewn on the hinide between (ho ahouldurs to aimuiati-. u hui.ip when wo.n. Wilhin that wan a dark hat of soft felt, to tbe inner edge of thu rim of which and extending half around it, waa fir.jly lacked o pieco of stiff p.i?teik.ard, with twu round perforations about two-lhird? of ila length from tho bottom. It was dark drab iu color, mid that was tho mask which had so long uhialdod iho robber from recog nition. Airc-st ol Mr. Hilyard immediately fol lowed these diecoverioii. At his nubt'.queut trial bo oonfeased thai hr. had plate-J tho marked money in J.-ikc Hipouugb's ;. :cktl while ho flhpt. Bot-n n? hn roturne-1 ufler mo roboory ho had one of the stolen i.r.vmirn" t:' n. rten:!L(r..-in in chanrr,. Ila. afi... ,i„l„ J.... ood i1,,.. the bold w?. lunrked, ,i-:d feared it ini.'ht he tryced to him. To tnrn suspicion from hirnull ho Invciand Ihs? i-abama wn havo d"tjrib<..]. . Bui attuning andunwcrupuloua wrong did not i./c-v-ni ths. judpefrom condnrnning to penal ?c:vi- d-jf-r : ten yutrs the ocuo m>?lo?iou? "M?:i — ?"" HUM," rt**.** 