[?] Br J. O. B. Mr. Abigail has returned. With body bene fited and mind enlarged he is among us once more after a four or five months' sojourn in the old home. At the picnic of welcome given him some days ago, he said that ' he felt to-day somewhat of the vigour which he displayed in Parliament seven or eight years ago.' This is grave. The statement looks innocent enough to all but those who remember the fine form he was in during the early eighties. The trip appears to have added much to the West Sydney member's extensive stock of. miscellaneous knowledge, so that now it will be no. matter for surprise if the Parliament during his next speech should assume something of the appearance of Goldsmith's rustics round the village schoolmaster : And still they gazed, and still the wonder nrrcw, Uow one,sma!l head could cany all he know. Oh, and there is said to be in his wake a trinity of Irish opponents to 'Home Rule,' who will be prepared to explain to Australians the true meaning of that movement. But it may, in the first place, be advanced that Australians are pretty well acquainted with both sides of the case ; and, in the second, that there are plenty of troubles south of the Equator without ransacking another hemisphere for more. After all, charity begins at home, although, perhaps, it should not end there. And the first aim of all men who've made Australia their home, and who wish to leave their children a clean sheet, unsmirched by the records of old wrongs, should be to lay. the foundations of a great homogeneous dominion prepared in the fullness of time to take its proper place among the nations— a dominion where old-world party cries awoke ridicule instead of riot. A Belfast clergyman, the Eev. Dr. Kane, is said to be among the delegates. He is described as ' eloquent, with a fine brogue, a fine sense of humour, and a fine presence, being over 6ft. high.' This recalls Father M'Cann of the song : Oh Father M'Cann was a beautiful man, But a bit of a rogue, a btt of a rogue ; He was just 6tt. high, hod a cast in his ere. And an UUgant brogue, an UUgant brogue. * * * * ? . Observe the effect of bad example. At S uva 60 Fijians employed discharging the steamer Rockton -truck for double wages. An agitator named Timoci— a pure Papuan, with a plug hat and a walking stick — approached the group, and told of the Australian labour difficulties. Why he wore a hat at all is not quite dear, considering that 18 inches of tow' intervened .between the rim and his scalp. A careful study of European customs had probably taught him that a bell topper is often listened to where a wide-awake would be pelted. He told the niggers the obvious truth that someone would have to unload the vessel, and that, as they were masters of the situation, they might just as well get 4s a day as 2s. Being innocent of attire, he drove his reasonings home by elaborate flourishes of his walking stick. The result was that, the shortest strike on record supervened. For Timoci was bundled off to six months' hard labour, while bis converts, having arrived at the very sensible conclusion that 2s a day was not so bad in a place where a large family could be supported on one, came back to work after an hour's sulking. The great South Sea strike bears some points of resemblance to the raid on Canada, where a United States sheriff attended by a policeman drove up in a cab to the head of the attacking army, and took the Commanderin Chief prisoner. ♦ * * ? Had the phonograph but been invented . a hun dred and odd years earlier ! What would .not the men of to-day give to hear the perorations of Chatham and Burke, of Sheridan and Fox— those appeals that stirred England from the centre to the sea r Not, by-the-way, that England heard much of those rhetorical displays except what dabbled from the .privileged hearers and was spoilt in the dribbling. For the Commons of the eighteenth century was a jealous body, and in asted on keeping its doings from, the light of day, while Parliamentary reporting was unknown. It was just as well, perhaps, to keep those doings in the dark, as many of them would not bear the light. Coriolanusl What it must have been to be a member, or even an elector, when every vote had its price— when the public service, the Church, the Army, and the Navy were as good as closed to all but representatives' nominees, and an England of 8,000,000 had but 180,000 electors, or one in 50 of the population. It is just possible, however, that had phonograms of the Georgian leaders come down to us, we would listen amazedly to the jejuneness of the appeals that electrified the listeners. As a general rule, the great speeches of one generation appear the sorriest stuff to the next. You mostly lay them down in astonishment and roam about your room trying to cipher out how such bald commonplaces could have hushed Senates and changed a nation's destiny. The phonograph is now being exhibited in Sydney, so that speeches and cornet solos de livered by famous musicians and orators at the other side of the world can be heard for a trifle. Bui suppose the instrument should become common— suppose it should be suffered to get by heart the proceedings of a long night in Parlia ment. The question is whether, if compelled in 1920 to retail what it heard m 1890, laughter or incredulity will prevail among the audience. ♦ * * ? *. .The, latest development of the strike comes from Dublin. Twenty-seven gravediggers in the Irish capital have left the dead to bury themselves, because the secretary of the sextons' union had been dismissed.. This strike, however, is bound to end in ignominious failure. The death-mark is upon its little face from the cradle. For if the deceased are Catholics, a million of Protestants will cheerfully volunteer to put them severely under; while if the defunct belong to the Reformed Church, three and a half millions of Romanists will be only too glad to accommodate them with lodgings both wide and deep. Once, in a smaii Irish town, where the boys, instead of playing 'French and Eng lish,' as on the other side of St. George's Channel, used to employ their spare time in ' Catholics and Protestants' to a running accompaniment of rocks, a street ballad-singer came with fiercely ultramontane songs, which he bawled in the high ways devoted to the old Church. ' Don't go over there,' we begged of him as he moved for the Episcopalian quarter ; 'they'll murder you, sure's you live.' But the two-faced scoundrel knew his business as, pulling a knoll of atrociously Protestant ditties from his eccentric hat,- he observed with a leer, ' Them's for that side.' My faith in the patriotism and religious convictions of ballad singers never got over that shock. But these grave- diggers. The idiots! Why, one-half Dublin would be only too glad to bury the other haif — yes, and give 'em a wake that would bring 'em to life again, if only to take a hand in the fun. In old Greece the ghosts whose bodies. had not been properly interred were obliged to wander 100 years by the margin of Acheron vainly begging for a passage. Should the Dublin spirits have to do the same, there are stirring times in front of Charon. ? * * * From the Gulf country in Northern Queensland comes to hand a budget of news. In the Brisbane Parliament a Mr. Little adapts a hoary American story to the case of a Mr. Glassey, and tells it as if it was quite original. The story is the well known one of the man who, applying for admission to Hades, was given some sulphur and matches for the purpose of starting a new sheol on his own account, as bis presence in the old one would merely result in a rebellion. Then there is a loud lament over the state of the Government wells up Burketown way. If all is true, it would be misleading to say that these cavities and their surroundings are above reproach. One of them appears willing enough to do what it can, and would probably succeed but that the bucket has no bottom. This is an undoubted drawback to any vessel. In a second, the handles turn round all right, but fail to induce the , barrel to do the same; while a third labours under the double disadvantage of having no rope and no water. It would be mockery to deny that want of water is one of the most serious imperfections under which a well can labour. To let such a well alone is, no doubt, the proper course to pursue ; but human nature is weak, and the absence of a flow of water at the bottom is more than made up for by the flow of idioms' from the teamsters on top. There is an account, too, of a Chinese that won £20 on a three-legged horse. The creature, of course, had four limbs ; but one of them seemed so obviously useless that the smart Europeans in the neighbourhood looked upon the race as a gift The dexterouB manner, however, in. which the animal, at the race, used the . leg .on behalf of his Confucian master cent the white men thoughtfully home. But the strangest item of all appears in the Endeavor Times'. — 'Two men were chained to the stump at the police camp at Limestone for four days, and one of them turned put to be an innocent man.' It is dangerous to be innocent anywhere; but to be innocent in Carpentaria is merely to invite outrage. The only consolation the people there have is that so few of them lay themselves open to such treatment through art lessness. ? - Sponging the face with water containing a few drops of carbolic acid wilLdrive away flies and all otherhuect pests. ? We should often be ashamed of our best actions if the world, veto witness to the motives which im pelled us. 'fa your dog intelligent, Edith Pf 'Yes. No matter on what subject you speak to him, Fido always wags his tail just ate same.' Boxes, it is said, govern the world— the cartridge box, the ballot-box, the jury-box, and lasL, though not least, the bonnet-box. . 