BEATRICE. BY RIDKB HAGGARD, AnQior of "She," Allan Quatermaan,' " King Solomon's Mines," &o;, CHAPTER XXIII. A DAWN OP BAIN. That crash of the closing door did not awake Beatrice only; it awoke both Elizabeth and Mr. Granger. Elizabeth sat up in bed etraining her eyes through the gloom to see what had happened. They fell-on Beatrice's bed—surely . lUizubelh slipped up, catlike she crept across tlieroom and felt with her hand at the bed. Beatrice was not there. She sprang to the blind and drew it, letting in such light as there was, and by it searched the room. She spoke —" Beatrice, where are youT" Kb answer. "Ah—h," said Elizabeth aloud—" I understand. At last—at last!" '• What should she dot Should she go and call her father and pat them to an open shame T No. Beatrioe must come back some time. The knowledge was enough; she wanted the knowledge to use if necessary. She did nob wish to ruin herjsisterunless in self-defence, or, rather, for the cause of self-advancement. Still less did she wish to.-injure Geoffrey, against whom she had no grudge. So she peeped along the passage, then returning, crept back o her bed like a snake into a hole and hatched. ' Mr. Granger, hearing the crash, thought that the front door had blown open. Rising, he lit a candle and went to see. But of all this Geoffrey knew nothing, and Beatrice naturally less than nothing. She lay senseless in his arms; her head rested on his shoulder; her heavy hair streamed down his side almost to his knee. He lifted her, touched her on the forehead with his lips, and bad her on the bed. What was to be done? Bring her back to life? No, ho dared not—not here. While she was thus her helplessness protected her; but if once more she was a living, loving woman here and BO—oh, how should they escape? He dared not touch her or look towards her till he had made up his mind. It was soon done. Here she most not bide; and since of herself she bould not go, why he must take her now, this fcnoment. However far Geoffrey fell short of *rtrtae'8 stricter standard, let this always be remembered in his favour, j He opened the door, and as he did so, thought that he heard some one stirring in the house. And so he did: it was Mr. Granger in the sitting-room. _ Hearing no more, Geoffrey ooncluded that it was the wind, and turning, groped his way to the bed where Beatrice lay as still as death. For one moment a horrible fear struck him that she might be dead. He had heard of cases of somnambulists who, jonbeing startled from their unnatural sleep, only woke to die. It might be so with her. Hurriedly he placed his hand upon her breast. -Yps, her heart stirred—faintly indeed, br.t still it stirred. She had only swooned. Then be set his teeth, and placing his arms about her,. lifted her as though she were a babe. Beatrice was no slip of a girl, but a well-grown WWoan of full size. He never felt her weight; it eeemed nothing to him. Steathily as one Jwnt on midnight murder, he stepped with her .to tfie door and through'it into the passage. Then supporting her with one arm, he olosed door with his left hand. Stealthily in the fetoom he passed -along the corridor, his bare feet making no noise upon the boarded floor, till he reaoned the bisecting passage leading from the sitting-rooms. He glanced up it apprehensively, and what lie saw froze the blood in his veins, for there \- .QOmiBg down it, not eight paces from him, WHB fir. Granger, holding a candle in his luouL What was to be done? To get back to Ms room was impossible—to reach that of Beatrioe was also impossible. With an effort he collected his thoughts, and like a flash of light it passed into his mind that the empty •room was not two paces from him. A stride •ml he had reached it. Oh, where was the Juadle ? and oh. if the room should be locked ! By a merciful chance it was not. He stepped through the door, knocking Beatrice's feet against the framework as he did so, olosed it— to shut it he had ao time—and stood gaapinz 6 fcehindit. . ^ . The gleam of light erew nearer. Merciful powers?, he had been seen—the old man was coming in. What could he say? Tell the "truth, that was all; but who would believe 5H0h a story ? Why, it was one that he should •scarcely- car© to advance in a Court of law. Could he expect a father to believe it—a father finding a man crouched like a thief behind a door at the dead of night with his lovely •daughter senseless in his arms? He had •-already thought of going straight to Mr. Granger, but had abandoned the idea as hopeless. Who would believe this tale of sleepwalking? For the first time in his life Geoffrey felt terribly afraid, both for Beatrice and himself; the hair rose on his head, his heart ptood still, and a cold perspiration-started on ^iofcis face. , "It's very odd," he heard the old man mutter to himself ; "I could almost swear that I saw Mtaething white go into that room. Where's ^the handle? If I believed in ghosts—hullo I '»ny candle has blown out 1 I must go and bunt for a match. Don't quite like going in -there without a light." , For the moment they were saved. The fiet-ce draught rushing through the open craok -of the door from the ill-fitting window had er- ^angnished the candle. : Geoffrey waited a few seconds to allow Mr. , Granger to reach his room, and then once more started on his awful journey. He passed out Of the room in safety; happily Beatrice showed no signs of recovery. A few quick steps and •he was at her own door. And now a new terror seized him. What if Elizabeth was also -walking the house, or even awake? He bought of putting his burden down at the -door and leaving her there, but abandoned the ~ idea. To begin with her father might see her, '-and then how could her presence be accounted , for?or if he did not, she would certainly suffer ill effects from the cold. No, he must risk it, and at once, though he would rather have faced -a battery of guns. The door fortunately was -ajar. Geoffrey pushed it with his foot, entered, and with his foot pushed it to again. Suddenly he remembered that he had never been in the room, and did not know which bed belonged to Beatrice. He walked to the nearest; a deepdrawn breath told him that it was tie wrong one. Drawing some faint consolation from the fact that Elizabeth was evidently asleep, he .groped his way to the second bed through the deep twilight of the room. The clothes were thrown back. He laid Beatrice down and drew them over her. Then he fled. As he reached the door he saw Mr. Granger's light vanish into his own room and heard his door close. After that it Beemed to him that he took but two steps and was in Ids own place. , He burst out laughing; there was as much hysteria in the laugh as a man indulges in. His nerves were shattered by struggle, love, and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merriment. Somehow the whole scene reminded bin of one . in a comic opera. There was (a ludicrous side to it Supposing that the political opponents, who already hated him so bitterly, could have seen him. slinking from door to door at mid- ' night with an unconscious lady in his arms— \- what would they have said. He ceased laughing; the fit passed—indeed it was no laughing matter. Then he thought of the first night of their strange communion, that night before he had returned to London. The seed sown in that strange hour had blossomed and borne fruit indeed. Whowouldhave ; dreamed it possible that he should thus hare drawn Beatrice to him? Well, he ought to have known. If it were possible that the words which floated through her mind could arise in his as they had done upon that night, what was not possible? And were there not other words, written by the same master-hand, which told of such things as these— " ' Now—now,' the door Is heard; Hark, the stairsI and near— Nearer—and here— • Now!' and at can the third. She enters without a word. lake the doors of a casket shrine. See on either side. Her faro arms divide Till the heart betwixt makes sign. ' Take me, for I am thine.' * * * * * First I will pray. Do Thoa That own est the soul, Yet wilt grant control To another, nor disallow For a time, restrain me now!" Did not they run thus? Oh, he should have known I This he could plead, and this only— that control had been granted to him. But how would Beatrice fare? Would she -come to herself safely ? He thought so j it was -only a fainting fit. Bnt when she did recover, •what would she do ? Nothing rash, he prayed. .And what could be the en a of it all ?—who ' might say ? How fortunate that the sister had '-been so sound asleep! Somehow he did not ' trast Elizabeth—he feared her. Well might he fear her? Elizabeth's sleep ' was that of a weasel. She, too, was laughing at this very moment, laughing—not loud, but long—the laugh of one who wins. She had. seen him enter, his burden in his arms-; and seen him oome with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of lis mistaka She had watched him put Bea- -ttioe on her bed, and heard him sigh and turn away—nothing -had escaped her. As soon as he was gone she had risen and crept up to Beatrice, and finding that she was only m a faint had left her to recover, knowing her to be in no danger. Elizabeth was not a nervous person. Then she had listened till at length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sister's consciousness. After this there was a pause til presently Beatrice's long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon to sleep. (Tq torn/eluded. J 