PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. -BY "SDPIU." A quiet night. A . dull, almost, profitless night. Such was tho only description that canhl lie applied to last night's proceedings iii Parliament: nncl the abscncu of wiv real interest ia wliat was going on waft shown hy ' tho absurdly scanty character of tho nttcndanco of Members throughout tiro evening. Shortly after tho Uouno met, Mr Murray, by Icavo of tho House, proceeded to riiscuM tho proposed removal of tho blacks from tho Kromlim'hum Station in tho Western dis trict. In Ins pica for ' tho unfortuuato remnants of » dying race, Mr Murray nho.ved himself in his host aspect, and most certainly coniuuudcd the hympathv of hi« fellow Mcmlicra. 'IJio Housn was ovidently interested, as ho described witli fidelity only b«rn of long mid intimate knowledge tho happy daily life of tho blacks on their rceorvc, and tlia horror and aversion with which they re garded tho ollicid proposal to translate them to another part of 1 lie colony. Tho ncwly-ap|>oiiitcd secretary to tho Alroriciijcs Board, according toMr Murray, in worse hated and feared by his aboriginal, subject in tho Wost than his Satanic Majesty himself. When 14 Warrnumbool Jack" went on to challenge tho ollicial dicta as to tho miscegenation of races which is s.iid to havu taken place down 1-Yain- lingltain way, ho afforded thu ITouho'iv hearty. laugh at tho uxpeusu of tho Minister of Public Works, who has not, in accepting paid office, thrown up his honorary portfolio of Juterjector Ocneral. Members ' ivoro interested also when Mr Murray described the position of an unfortnnoto half-canto who Rears a well-known namo in church circle, iuid who«e father, although ho nuver disputed hin paternity during lib life- tlmo, mode no. provision for tho maintenance of this offshoot from his lordly race, but 'left tho bulk of lii wealth ts church orguuran- tioun, whilo to the nation ho hcriticnthud thu caro aiid'inaiiituiuiucu nf his dusky tirood. birjlrymi commended the gcnerounuctinn of hi yotiug friend, whilo Mr M'futyrc also had a. word to aay iu favor of wliat iiu calls thu ''native alionglnc." Mr M'Lean didn't hnowanytjiiiigabouL tliedbputc, but wasvuru- Mr' 'IIftgcnauur,.tliuqeeretAry oi the Board, could not havu done anything wrong, a dis claimer which was completely discounted by Mc Dcaklii'u utatcmuiit Dial a. noon ns< ho found what action Mr lfngcnauor wa taking he interfered, aud tho process - of pcmiocion ; then going un was stopped. Mr Officer, m vice- president, off tho Aborigines Hoard, '(lcfemleU his rccrctary's aeiion, aud said that hut for outside tiifluctico tho whole of the bhieks. on thu atdtiou would have been transferred. This, practically estab lished the .-position taken up hy Mr Murray, and but for tho-assnraticRS of tho Chief Secretary that the nOO or GOO acres asluid for by Mr Murray would lm reserved for thu blacks, thoro would easily have been pretty little row. ' Mr Walter -Madden, on behalf of the AgriculturalCollegcV Council, explained that that body had taken ulunlutcly no iurt in thin 'attempt to grab what Mr Wood desurllied in an iutcrjeetiou as "Nabolh'a vineyard." Mr W. T. Carter, who has been there and ought to knew all about it, says that your pious missionary who undertake to unido his fellow. men into heaven, in generally no anxious to co the job done out of hand that ho is inclined to stretch a good ninuv points in favor of tho early completion of his tank, oven if it involves tho earthly extinction of thu convert. Mr Anderson, who made ii3 first Minis terial speech on this occasion, hud thu ud vnntago of having a snbject with which ho was perfectly familiar, hut Ida thinly dis guised hostility to tho station was not accep table to Members, and tho matter won only allowed to drop on tho assurance of thu Chief Secretary thai tho few remaining children of the soil should not be interfered with. Fair progress was madu with iho Ksti- mate, nlthoiiuli iiiiiuh time was wasted in absolute huiiuouery, Members having ap parently drifted iuto such a atnte of mental exhaustion that thu wngglng ofnhoad, or the making of a crimace, seemed to them n exquisite joke. Mr llall, for instance, in objecting to the Observatory vote, started out with tho de liberate intention of being funny, but nover got beyond the stngo of foolishness. He hud tui idea begotten of perusnl of ancient comic , papers that there wuti a joke somewhere) or other in con nection with weather prophecies, ami 'this humorist from the (itmlhiini Valley set out to convulse Nnturo with hie wild waggery. Unfortunately for hiin,' ho never reached thu joke, and Member fon- tontcd thenraolvea by laughing at, and not with, hhn. iliiut as Mcmlxirs had nettled down for a qniel.Io/y evening, there bnrstupon then) like a (huudcrliolt out of u clear sky Iho ohl familiur Hiitiday Opening of tho Library question. Captain Taylor was responsible for thu trouble, he taking the unusual courso of preparing tn aniund the Kstiniateu iiv the insertion of a dircotion to thu Library Uuu- tei'S to open on Sundays. . Ho pleaded linrdllmt llic HnveruiiiQut had promised tltnt this vexed question should lie Buttled' wheii the KstiuiatuH came on, -and every" iquteneo hu uttered was faithfully echoed and - cheered by l)r Mulonoy, wlio flitted about gathering references, 'making poles and generally preparing liinihulf for that intulloctmd . eilort ho .calls u groat spfi'ich. ' Tiib" Houac, liotvcvcr, objected, to being taken by', sn'i prire, ' oml . iriends utni foe of' thu proposal to open thu Library on .Sundays aliko hugged ('nptniu Taylor ' to' -' withdraw for he' present and let the vote lie taken on (he utraight question. Mr Mtmro assured Capt. Taylor that ho would hu huatoii .on ;.this occasion, but lie hoped tu seo an evening . set npnrt for thin que-itl'm mid 01110 finality .arrived . »l. . Mr' t)|lieer and Mr HaUc;j, while prep-i red to vote for tho opening tho Library, s/dd they iiiuat vole nguinsl a eatcii limliou llku the preeviit. ir Bryan ma'de'u buhit' tliat told.hoinu in many quarters when lm said that this question was onocot tho ghost that ' haunted tlie' TInura;, aiul which Mimiiiers weru'ufrnid to lmiet; .Captuin Taylor was apparently quite pre. pared to let iho matter Hlund over, as sug. ucsted; 1ml was over persuaded to insist on tils amendment/ r Ho complained 'nf the ciituscnw-x of new 'Member 'who allowed tho (jovernmunt; to' cbuiimmlly Immbitg them. Mr Deakin mndon final appeal to tho," honorable, learned aud gallant ,-Mcju- JtcV (toy tliu way, wliv 'dhl'hb- cmpliiulito'tiio last syllable of "gallant !'?). to - with draw, hut it. won Mucks. "Tho glass wd" turned ,,nnd belt"; set pealing. U'lio nljsent legislators "'whn ' had been tolling manfully for - their country ; >h the billiard mid smqkjug rooips, , tit. thu rcfrchli- inont roouqauid jh other parts of thu House, tttrun.ued wearily in... .... . .lout at tin last miiiut# Colonel Smitli, who bad been very loud In claiming a division, and who r.ud crossed thu l|uur \vi|h Captain Taylor's parly, rc-crosHcd ui'uid loud langlircrD '.ln fact thu whole division M-emed to b.e louked upon ns nothing lmt u picuo of fobliug; Tim count allowed— Aj'us, HV; Koua, r>4, and the nmiou'neumenl of ilie number .again ntha-dud matter, for great mirth to tho round dozen who - supported Captain Taylor; 1 By tldo-timo Members, especially those wbo hrid been: disturbed from tlieir labors outslde' tho -fllmmlier, vvero npnxixihtlv thoi;oughly. imbued with a spirit, of impish jithrehiufrUml for tho next half-huur. they Bhiiply ga\'o thomsolvc up to ' nchoolboy tnclu) aud jokes. Col. tSuuth's yolo waj , claimed, Ida voico : having gone .with, ,- tho yes, hut1 that bold warrior, when questioned " by the Cliiiiruian, stoutly maintained tlmt his nativity- had been on the other aide. "Mombors laughed good Immoredly at tho martial hero's little taradiddle, but wliuu . thu veracious Mr Muuro got up . and olinciicd- - the Colouel' atatcment with a aolcmn asseveration ns to It truth, .Members simply, luhl back and roared, the voice of tho bird of >Jtmo comiug in wlth very fine effect. < Mr Uixon 'got up- to address tho chair from the wrong part of tho House, and was Immediately ruled out of order. This was enough for the crowd. Mombor after Mem ber took tui Impish .delight hi riling to speak, only to lie -told at once -that they ,wero out 6t oi'dnr, ' ThU aoumed exquisite Hun, aud when Mr M'Lellan, in liis desire to step tlig fuid of 'whlch'lio" won' tlib' imtvillihg ccutro, proceeded .to put tho question, 'lie gayo his tormentor# fresh food- for omuMihoutby- sy|ng in, hj unpunotuntcd Aut of Parliament style. Tliat a turn of LSpOO' .bo granted. D» , ier (MaJaity . .Mc ' Buou.V Tlus.gift of regal honor, to -Mr Paonwho was ut: rising to point cf order,— tickled - the fancy -of -Members I amazingly, and a 'dozen of thcin gob up one after .another to'chafF tho Chairman. Each .man as he ro;,u was knocked down with the ruling that -ho was out of order, Mr ' Baile even Iteing told that he could only be in order hi doing nothing,' and fresh peals of laughter resounded tUrotluh tho rooms. Mr (iiliics mule his appear. mec at last, ami asked " What' tiie muauing of tills?" Mr Mason, who was getting a little warm, referred hint to Mr M'Lcllun, hut tho prcaoueo of the Premier imd the same effect on Mcmhi-ra as thai of the school- mostor ou unruly boys, and the disorder was quelled. Then it was amusing to see Member after Member elippiitg away quietly until barely n quorum was left to go on with the -Ksti- mates. ' bir Bryau tried to start another row on the Hansard question, complaining bitterly of the way iu which the dally papers icport his. speeches, llo «tnted hia inten tion of giving the pcoplo of Port Pairy aomo light reading by luvins his strike apctch reprinted and circulated. Members, how. over, were tou lazy and indifferent to worry about Hansard, aud things went on quictiv until 1 1 o'clock, by which timo tho Chief Hccretary s Estimates were got through, mm then Members went homo. In the Council, the evening was consumed mainly' in Iho discussion of the Kail- ways Committee Bill, but ulthouuit Member stuck at their posts until 10 o'clock, they did nut succeed in saying any thing new nlnuil it. Mr Fitzgerntd and Mcml>cni generally expressed Lbcmselvc a Iteiiig nnxiouH to rce the clause: including all public work iu tho work of the (,'mn- mittco restored, but no definito nctiou wuh taken when the debate was adjourned at 10 o'clock. 