CHAPTER II. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE DAUPHIN CHART (CONTINUED). — THE DISTORTION OF THE EASTERN COAST EXPLAINED. With regard to the distortion of the eastern coast of Australia, I confess to have been somewhat startled by the discovery that I made — startled not so much at the proof of distortion I had found, but because this very proof of distortion bore witness to a more accurate survey of the eastern coast than could have been expected or even dreamt of. Who, for instance, would ex- pect to find our eastern and south-eastern coasts from Cape York to Wilson's Promon- tory — a distance of 2194 miles (sea dis- tance) more accurately charted in the year of grace 1530 than, say, the county of Cumberland in the colony of New South Wales? yet this is a positive fact. It occurred to me that, in order to duly appreciate the displacement occasioned by Cape York having been placed under the island of Sumbawa, it would be well to estab- lish a comparison by scaling the map I am describing and setting down the continent of Australia in its true position. Having marked the degrees of longitude and lati- tude in the modern style, I was just going to begin drafting the eastern coast from Cape York, when I found the place already occupied by an island that bears the name of [illegible handwriting] ^? î)ç ^. Strange to say, the western shores of this island gave me the correct outline of the portion of Cape York Peninsula that extends from Cairncross Island to Cape Grenville, and thence to Cape Direction. Cairncross Island, too, was set down in its true position, and has a meaning that must not be lost sight of. Then continuing my coast line in a south-easterly direction, I came across another island, or group of islands, in the latitude of the tropic of Capricorn and ex- tending thence to the 26th degree of south latitude. These islands also formed part, and occupied the exact site of, that portion of the coast of Queensland that extends from Curtis Island to the southern extremity of Great Sandy Island. But these were not the only land marks that had been left in their true position, C: de Fremose that seems to jut out in such an extraordinary way on this chart occupied the position of C. St. George (Jervis Bay), and my line of coast had to follow the one on the Dauphin chart from G: de Fremose to Gouffre (gulf) where I found Corner Inlet and Wilson's Promontory set down for me. Then turning north again, I found another group of islands occupying the position of C. Arnheim in the northern territory. These were set down as [handwritten] ye de Alioter. Now, could it he through mere coinci- dence that these fictitious islands and stretches of coast were set down, and actually occupied such portions of our coast, with such extraordinary accuracy, not only as to configuration, but also as to longitude and latitude? If I had entertained the thought for a moment it would soon have been dispelled by the interesting combinations of letters which I have given. I say com- binations of letters, for they were not exactly words, having, like the rest of the nomenclature, suffered more or less through mutilation. I was not long, however, in making out the first combination. Su. Sanos was evidently the abridged form of Spiritu Santo. It occurs in other abridged forms on these old maps, the most usual in Spanish being SpUftZ which the Dutch transmogrified into Speult and Spult, and which of course has no meaning in Dutch. Geographers have been much perplexed by this word, and well they might, for it realty means nothing, or else a great deal. I am rather inclined to believe that it means the latter, and that De Quiros had cognizance of an early discovery of Australia made by his countrymen, for when he spoke of it as the 'Tierra Australia del Espiritu or Spiritu Santo' (the Great Southern Land of the Holy Ghost), he was only repeating a term used nearly one hundred years before by his glorious predecessors in the field of discovery. The group of islands named ye de Aligter furnishes an equally instructive piece of intelligence, when we take into consider- ation the fact that they are commemorated to the present day on our charts, for Aligter (a corruption of aligator) and crocodile are of course synonymous. These islands are named: I. des Crocodiles in De Brosse's map (1756) and Cocodrils Ids in Andrew's map, published in 1787 with Cook's voyages. 