I. CHECKMATED. \- Br C«rrjux L'Estuxdi. The world had gonewiDQg with ine lately, •o to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a yotuur m»a about town, a member of two West-eaa dobs, atul of MjHSWfR if not extravagant tiMtee, had quarrelled with my uncle—the only hviug relative I had, excepting a half-coimn— from whom hitherto I bad received a handsome quarterly allowance, and. as the phrase goes, had “ great expectations.” But this yrm» not the wont of it. I. was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us. I had fondly believed I was acceptable no? only to the gating lady in question. but to her parents. Sow, however, to add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively with out OMan*, 1 fancied, lightly or wrongly, that. I was receiving the “cold shoulder" from the father (And mother of my adorable Malxd. To live and clothe myself decently, par the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather exmu aive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year—the rental of a small landed nroiwrty bequeathed to mo by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or 1 would pay them; but then, again, that ! Gojjjrt* °f hundred was twelve mouths* income, t This uncle of mine, my dead fathers elder brother, from whom my chief source of income i hnd been derived, was a country squire, with a I rent-roll, jovial aud hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief be* : tween ue had come about as unexpectedly as it j was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly j repudiating the charge had given dire offence, i However, although parting in anger, it seas not until my monetary allowance was stopped j that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half cousin, was a young enow about a year or two ray junior; but some j fhow, although so near of an age. as well as : being relatives and frequently moeting, we had taken kindly to each other. And now I j shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my ancle and me had been . wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and deter* j that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what I have written, arid much more, haring been the subjects of mv thoughts for some days, 1 determined to make It last effort to set matters right with my uncle. 1 had been accused of gambling—of having l»«*t upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at hue sitting—which wa< utterly false: for whatever ray failings, tho curv' of gambling could not l«c reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after n night journey of a co a pi »• of hundred miles from town, found xne at the nearest railway station to mv uncle’s manor, with no luggage beyond a small travel Img log and a rug. The little maikct town where 1 alighted was hut five miles from the HaU, aud bictkfa ding at the one decent hotel in the plarc. I elected to walk the distance, leaving mr encumbrance* in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and esj>ecialiy when I arrived at the jtark. the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that tny uncle mteht decline to grant me the interview which 2 now sought. Like the 2 now sought. __ generality ot hot-tcnqwred t>ccplo, his passion was soon oyer: and yet, when disposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, as hi* brother magistrates had proved on many occasions. But to my agreeable surprise 1 was told, after my arrival had been announced by one of the old servants—a strange experience to me than to have to »t>ud in ray name—that the squire ” would come to me in the library at once. * Whatever feeling of bops might have been in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it m tny unde entered. His hand some and usually kindly old face was dork with displeasure^ aud there was a cold, contemptuous glance in hi* blue eyes as they met mine which I had never seen before 41 Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer,9 he said, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door behind him,44 that you have the effrontery to come to this house S'—you, who have disgraced the name you bear—dis graced the memory of your gallant father, who died for bis country-^and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me f" 44 1 fail to understand you, sir,** X rejoined utterly astounded at his words. 44 If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, X repudiate it now osl did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try” 4* Pshaw !*• be interrupted. 44 Honest men hare gambled; and in time I might have for given it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had pissed. But you— you, a Mortimer—to stoop to forgery,** “ It is I cried—“ false u the other clur|e. And whoever ha, pouonel your mind again*? me, lira in hi. teeth “ Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to Tour otner misdeeds," continued the .quire; “ for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, ha to forged my name." And, me he epoke, my uncle took from the teeect of hi* ifcooting-jscket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a tmallct piece of paper. “Examine that, air," he added, “and 1st me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deuy your own signature r" I could tcsrcelj credit my own eyesight when I looked et what waa written within. It waa a dishonoured acceptance for *ix hundred pound*, drawn a little over three month* before upon Richard Mortimer, Eequire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my unde. “ Well, eir," acted he, impatientlv, 11 what h»ve von tour f “ 1'hat I 1-are never seen this document be fore to-dar." I answered. “ What 1** he thundered. “ Do you dare to deny to me roar own signature, which I know as well a* I do my own ■" “ 1 do deny it f I added, passionately. “The signature is so good an imitation uf mine that under ordinary circumstance, it might de ceive even myself: but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my I thick that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed; but, itili, as he took the hill from me he glanced at it again aud again with a pimled look, for. as Sill presently appear, there was some confirm on- evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added: “ Will you please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, solar as you are ore a were, in con nection with that forged acceptance “ Ye#,” he replied, “ that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with. I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my honor, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instruc tions that it should ><e taken up. At the same time 1 desired that inquiries should be insti tuted : and the person in whose hands it was_ a West-end money-lender—asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and, further, that you were known to him personallv. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to he your endorsement to him. “ It is as false os the rest, sir,” I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. “I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I transactions with him—iu fact, have had no never spoke to him in my life.” “ You declare this upon your honour. Gerald Mortimer;” asked my uncle, after a pause. “ I do, sir,” I added. “ and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money - “ You will stay here uutil to-morrow,” said my uncle, looking at hit watch. “ I want time to think, and to talk the matter overquietlv." “ If you please, no, sir,” I rejoined, deter minedly, “The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no delsy.” “ But you have been travelling all night, I expect,"added the .quire, “and require some rest, surely!” - The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dog-cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o’clock found rue at the office of* the moncy Umder who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from Much to my chagrin, however, I wa* told that he waa not in, and would not tic at busi nras till the morrow. There was but one soli tary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glsnced at mo curiously, and, ss it occurred to me, as though I was not unknown to him: and moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about hit thin lips. After leaving the money-lender’s office I •trolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Row was pretty full of equestrians. many of whom were known to me, I had been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the moment a carnage was pasting along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabst and her father, and as I raised ay hat, the fair object of nr affection gave ma a little bow and n half-frightened smile; but, to my disgust and anger, the gentleman Touch safed not the slightest acknowledgment to my salutation. ... Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of hi* daughter, ray pretention* had not been Ignored, and .that for two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his hou*e, this slight eras, to fay the least ot it. offensive. However, I ni only being taught the difference betwews an beir- prraumwtire to much wealth and a young man with two hundred Bounds A year. Th. following day I was to have another odd experience of life, but of a far different Mnd. I wa* to meet with a case of the iuofa: unparal leled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. About the same hours* on the previous morning I once more called at the oflM of the moneylender, hill disco falter, or whatever h. might style himself, and, an though I were expected, wa* immediately ushered brio hi* private room, unannounced aa to nave. He was young, well-droned, end not bed looking, and received me with a rar cool nod. - “ When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer,” I said, *1 you will guess the object of nr Tint.” “There is no occasion to giro rao your name," was the cool rejoinder, “for I have too much cause to remember it anil yon. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have tho assurance to show your face luqo aguiu after foisting upon me a forged bUL”' r, “You infamous scoundrel,’’ I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage. *‘vou< ktiotv tliis is the first timo that ever you spoke to me in your life, uud you have the audacity tn sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you. ! “ Go on. my friend.” retorted tho fellow, with an insolent laugh. “ No,” I added. “ I have nothing more to say to vou. Tho police are tho proper parties to deal with sncli rascals ns you. Mark me, man, yon and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forged or connived nt the forgery of both my uncle’s signature aud mine, nndyou shall suffer for it.” The scoundrel Laughed defiantly as 1 walked out ot has room—a scoffing, mocking laugh that 1 could hear until 1 got into the street. Once clear of this infamous den, ray first idea was to go to Scotland Yard aud place the matter in the hands of the police authorities; and I actually went some distance towards Charing Cross witti that intention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced mo to decide upon *»lring the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further, lie was a man my senior by only a year or two—for we had been school fellows—but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of tho world 1 could thoroughly On reaching his chambers in tho Albanv he re ceived mo kindly. Then, when he had listened ■ to my story, he said: “ A rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and I question if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yru\l would not have been tho best tiling soil could have dnue. However, there will be nothing lost by waiting untjTto-morTow. Dine with me to niglit. go withmoto the opera, and then you shall have my decision before wo •• Agreed’.” I answered ; and having gone home To dre-s 1 joined my friend later on. Over dinner he told mo that he had already romc tr> the conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the follow ing morning. It was rather late when we got toCovent Garden Theatre, hut we were in tunc for the last two acts of the opera, and staved out the ballet. (in getting down into tho lobliv there was a hit of a crush, for there had liecii a very full house, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed against me—rudely, as it seemed—and I turned to see who ’was the aggressor. To ray astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to mo, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was tho rascally money-lender with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to s>« the people depart, for he was not in eroniiie dress, and as our eyes met, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer ou Ids Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer aud tbe insolent looks were not, and without a thought of where I was—that ladies were almost touching mo on the other side—I struck him. .Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and he went down.with a crash. It vn all over in a few second*. Some people came between ns. my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being being driven westward. “Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about }’* said Iny companion when he bad got me into tbe cab. *’ Iu the names of |«ace anil order, mv dear fallow, what had tho man dono to you that you should knock him down like that!” “ Ilona to me 1” I answered, hotly. “ It was the fellow we were speaking of to-day—Uni rascally money-lender who forged, or at all cvcnts’hcld that bill.” “ Oh, oh ”• ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; “I understand it all now. Nevertheless, you would have been a wiser man if you bad •apt your hands off him.” “I could not help it,” 1 rejoined. “He trashed against me as wc were coining out, and if you bad seen the sneer that was on his face. I fancy you would have done as 1 did if you had been iu my place.” “ Perhaps,’’ was the admission. “ but anyhow we most be before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves.” The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to tske us to oue of the two clubs oi which I was a member, littlo thinking nt the moment of the tenable sight of which my friend and I were shortly to lie witnesses by going there. In the smoke-room, on oar arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had ohm on duty, and looked in on hit way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the elut when one of the waiters rushed into the smoko room—a pale and affrighted look on his face— with the startling announcement that oue oi the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in tho card room. Springing to out fact we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall 1 forget the scene which a moment or two mot my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed iu the last terrible convulsions oi death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo plexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined tho body, and the inquest had been held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, oi, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on tbe table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he oonfessed, out oi a spint of pique and revenge, to having forged ray name to the bill and our undo’s acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, ho further stated, was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and. in fact, hod been the one to suggest the schcmo for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with tbe least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a monev-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master,so :ar os I have been ablo to lean), was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous after noon, and the lost that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Coveut Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favour ami to my old jiosition as to “ expectations,” it is scarcely necessary for me to relate : but it mav be interesting If 1 add that I married Mabel, and thexebv became one of the most happy cl i xnonai*.'— n trxiy jmaye:. 