TRAVEL. 1 TEE PERILS OP CHAMOIS HUNTING. THE thousands of tourists -who hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear -with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and expectations as to the -wonders and rarities •which the Swiss Highlands-will offer them: Amongst these is the expectation of seeing, and perhaps hunting the chamois. Of all expectations, this is the one least likely to be fulfilled. Few tourists, even among Alpine climbers, have seen the chamois in' his native haunts. The swift-footed antelope of tbe Alps still ^wanders .oyer, them in larger or smallSffhar^Wbut^niy iitlie man who is ahle to cjjjnh^iib^&e;'pre ci p i to us rock -walls with: ufflS&pii;^pmrage, and muscles of iron, :aii(l lias' no i«&r; of being attacked by giddi- SisS^heffistJMi^ Across a r9ck saddle with a precipice several thousand feet in depth below.Mm/can reasonably hope to see the beautiful animals grazing on a narrow strip of-grass, and admire the sentinel doe, as it j loots ehfiijlyJfl all directions, in order to the approaching danger miles a Way, aiidwarn lis companions by a shrill whistle, resembling .a robber's signal. Should; however, this $ehtty nbtiee him, ihfe wliolfe herd speedily disappear lilce spectre^ (inless the lijcality aild chance compel them to dash madly along the fields of ice. The cause of this is that man has BO inexorably j pursued the graceful animals which, so I late as the beginning of this century, I animated the more accessible mountain crests, that thejr ate now driven back to the most savage solitudes, aid live In the I vicinity of the eternal snoir, save in winter, I wheii thejr seek a shelter poom the intemj perance of the weather in forests lowtsr J down the mountains, j When day is breaking, or the moon is I shining very brightly, the chamois will j descend from the mountains alia s^ek more convenient pasturage;, though it is always at a spot surrounded by rocks:. From 9 to 11 e"cfcck tliey enjbj a Siesta; bfit at mid' day wend tb'eir way upwards again, and repoge iill about 4 o'clock.in. the vicinity.of the glaciers. Tlife active animals are remarkable sportive in autumn- and early .winter,' when"th'ey frolic~tjx)ut the most dizzy precipices in wild delight, throw each other down in turn With.their home, and g0 thrbugli the mbstainiisliig etiin fehts at spots where the nearest relatives the Cllamois—^thesplendidlv climbing Alpmegoat— dares net venture; ,at tliei most inaccessible grass plots of the steepest pfeW)™® the ledges scarce a foot wide, which wind along 1 the side of precipices; the antdope of the mountains moves with an ease:_and. grace and elasticity of the sinewe which border on the fabulous. . Active, gracefully built, and with a~: sensible. ltjoS; the chainojs, Miichisdijui^lcriired in suininei ; ,e.hd nearly black ih winte, with its curved andbnllmiit jxilished horns, is surpassingly ;teautifiu ; xts muscles become elastic and stiff as steel - c ^ ^ ice: oncea ravine on the Mbnte BOsa, 1 N NTITTINNU 1111(1 RLPFLLWL FLX B. 1&&T;). \7&S; I muscles and sinews; it sniffs the hunter ! standing to -windward for an enormous I distance, and. in such d case behaves far more restlessly than, if it .reailj saw Jiiin. [ If a Chamois itt its flight dashes against a rock, and finds that it can neither advance norretieat,itdoesnotstandlongVndecided, but measures i}ie distance to the next station with rapid detenmnaticti, attempts an impossibili%, and a bound into the abyss; where it is smashed to atoms, is the ena. If a hunter be the sole pbsfacle in its return path, it daits back with the 6pBedgt an arrow; and the,hunter is filrced to lie ddWn at tince ott "hifi stomach,, unless life -n^h to be toppled over thepred|ufce by the 'iiifuriated animal. If he does so, however, the chamois quietly leap6 0verhim. Even m faHiiig, the sensible animal does pot lose its presence of mind, andif in the middle of the the fall ih Ordbr td reach the pitijefctibh, is frequently successful in escaping. Such is the nature of the animal which men follow to ita last hiding-jilace moing- giace aion^ alon| ^zzj its wonderful qualities, its tremendous r——_-.,> pace, timidity, - and cunning, ^d -,. cany .- as ... a good prizedoiro tothe vaUey ] fiutmt^e nd theyalmoet always IOSB theatre they mobt Constantly risk, nam^y. tn^r Thus the two most cfelebratM chamois huntersinGlMUS;—DayidZnckiBiidKas^ Blumw, — aftet. ailing tpSaf hfcndred chamois, fell victims to their » ' ost demo- TioccirlTi fhr tflP RllDSf ^acal p'assion for the chase, hi spite of their astounding coolness and skill m mbing. The tot™ and-thirty weeks^ahd no pne taewwhethw ihejtowferfulmahws his skeleton, gnawed by vultures findfoxes, was found on a slope of the ste^Auern Aip, Be must have suffered Jta^tmily, tor, judging .from a brolaai fmt,en<l toe^ot where his body *as fottahhe had toggea ^ ^ i 1 , 1^ l^ii J S ^d perished ofhunger and atter firing signals of distress. Btoer fell over an enonnous precipice on the vomer nisch.^ found tiU the following su^CT.^yreaaMS Bernese hunter, who feUJ^o' crevasse onL t h e ^ d , reachted^.JW™. without ahy ih3Ufy,and cribable difeculty through a hollow formed in the £?lacier glaci« bY by a a rumml £ |^u5 U fo b r! reached the edge of the ic^ Jiut such tortunate escapes He rare, and it has quently happened that a ^h^ho^t^ j, fot days alid nights, tili his companions succeeded in \- r ^ ^ ^ t ^ X e and sticks. W ^ T ^ t Coff ^S^rer, Mareus Coto^ o^Wges^ Site seized on an enormous huntni^ ^rouna, mro tamed , chamois, , . had , , his srxty-sixtji yeat, no less than 2,800 head of these animals, & hninbef hever attained by any other hunter before or after him. This prince of hunters'died quietly in his bed, although his death was brought oh by xt_- rr -1 - - !-— T i. /JVnwllHnTl. ^ f * ^ ™ iS^Sluded „..The dangers towhich. mave mmaea not, however, the only on^rfuch menace theh^tomlns -——s tag ^.bon^ „«"• iumter The is most formidahte enmy tna wrn^« l undoubtedly the fog, wl^n at rames, sudd^y surrounds htm^n^ ne ched the W ^ - . m ' ^ ^ s Mt throughite eitoaord^ary ^nsi^UoMnoc aJlow^Un to aet^ Wtorts Or b^M him. ttis d^b^M po^afOtamMiW j 1 bu^vp " ^ ^ " e m n i i l v e r e d ] or avoid the <^vBsse, temdiCTousiy cornea inquires allthe men to escape from such dangers. As a general rule, however, they seek a more secure epot, and, after fastening themsdves to a rocfc,by means the rope they always «my:with theto, so'as nfat to roll over tbfe preatiice, ih&^ass the i^it in the immciStB vidnityhf the eagles and vultures. Itisfc-yerycool bivouac, though, for after the supper of soup, which the hunter has nrenared in his iron pot, he is often compelled 16 protect himself against bang frozen to death by talking uj> And dtrtvh fOr hourB, or carrying a heavy stone backward and forward. ,. . T "Tlie" following adventurgg,"which I do not think have been, before published, « supply further proof of the dangers, to which thediamois.'hunters are exposed:— I went," the ex-chamois hunter and ex-, celient guide, MaUhias Hefli, of -Glarus, told the -writer laet year, "whenlwas a mv parents, tp hunt chamois on the BSchi Alpf My trouble and my.-seeking 1 were thrown way; the gunning, imimals had scented me. 'I had notheen able to get the windpf them, and when I, panting, readied the crest- of rthe mountain, I ha.d the plear cure of seeing a small herd of five head dashing down the opposite dope as quickly as greased lightning. , Such a sight is vary disagreeable, and restarted homeward, as twilwht was mp,od. I. first w^govjjn 1^^ thetaiimblinR*ocKgav^:wpy ygh. ,. ., . fifidfer" my f^t, so^hatfinSreality. rather rollW down than wolked, and thus reached aplateajwjn^vhichstood asolitan' eenner- 'W^^iw wtta a-consolation if baa weather dday^ 'my retuni holme. I httjl noticed the £j»ticchratHyBsS wEOtlff W mpnn- •cf'hli^a.aiTO othEr thingB, i felt ccrtgj^ tliat.^pl^ muefc have heen.ldned there a few. days previously. TJnluckily, there "was no. one in the cabin, and it must have beeh'left byits occupants a very little while before, which is not at sail tin Extraordinary thing on the 'Alps. Well, then, hs I walked moodily along, and toqk a peep at the deserted cabin, a ngure Phad^iever seen before rose in front of me in_the groyping darkness. ih whose Tpund head two eyes glistened like red-hot bullets. The creature did not appear to have any very friendly views, for it was still light enough for me to notice the long, snow-, white fangs which it showed me as. a greeting. I. tell you, friend, that was a critical moment, and my young legs began to tremble under me. Oh! laugh away; but- -I tttii certain thatj under similar Circumstances, you tttjtdd have made the most speedy use of your org&fis; trf locomotion. • 1 should have dohe so too, had cot the road to retreat been so murderously steep, so that I could not hope to make much way; Desperation has made many a hero before floWj and 60; with & considerable amount of terror, I raised "my rifle, took a careful aim at the hresst of the brute, which was still gnashing its teeth, pulled the trigger, and, lo and behold you, the beast turned two or three somersaults! Thjs shot echoed like thunder through the valleys: hut I had not much time to listen to it for such a frightful yelling was mingled with the echo that iny ears still ring with it. Looking neither before nOf behind me, I ran past the cabin, down the mountain, like a sheep; pursued by a vulture. \- Only once in my life did I go down hill so quickly, and I will tell you how presently. Wheii I told the story at home, hours had C <lropped in! as is Often the case in mountain villages.' They all agreed to go to tlie Alps the next morning to 6ee what monster's light df life I had puffed out. My story, probably, appeffl&S;' ttither unsatisfactory, and only the more aroused the curiosity of the neighbours. They started at daybreak, and what do you think they found ? Close to the cabin lay my game, with ti h6le ih hie chratt frozen stiff, and it was & magnificent flill- gro-^n male lynx that.had probably come to fetch its share of the chitterlihs soup from the cabin. " The next tune," so my original narrator went on—"the next time,-when I .came down from the mountains at & greater pagi Btill. was when I started one morning -With my brother, who was several years older, to hufltin the Voider Glarnisch. There is a climbing there, I tell £oa, which not only makes you forget hearing and seelligibiit draws the very marrow out of your_bonei TtJ crtlTrl along a ledge about the width of your garter; on tine side of you the smooth, perpendicular precipice, ao&vfc; you the blue sky, and then, On your, other side afld be* neath you, the deep, blank nothing, three Or foitr thojisand feet deep, that might, tinder certain Clrcismslancefe confhse the strongest head; and if you do begin tt> feel giddy, it is just as if d ghost were pulling you by the legs, and you fall into the gulf without pinWng your will or receiving absolution, "Well, I am a. Glarner, and so I and my brother trotted merrily along over the rolling boulders; trntji w6 reached a slope covered with eternal shovr, jthich rail dowh into a kettle filled with blocks of granite; We had to crosB this in order to reach the opposite crest, behind which, again, was a favourite watering-place of the chamois. Generally creeping on all-fours, like a slater hanging on a chtirch roof, we climbed -undauntedly Up the steep tfiopfeoil the other side of the valley, the sharp rBcks which peered out of the snow affording tis a vety useful holdfast every now and then. After a good halMi inn's sharp climbing, we at length reached -the top, fifid took a look round us. Here was a fresh embarrassment; the crest of the mountain consisted of a rock wall at least ten feet high, which, frbmthe bottom, tad looked quite easy to cross: This wall, against which we had realiy rtln oiir tiofees, tds6 fdr some distance along the crest of the tiioiiniaiii, arid thein became lower and more easy to cross. Thfe road to the lower part did not look very difficult, if we kept dose to the rock wall, at the base of which the pale sunbeams hitd frteft a narrow strip of ground from snow. W<j thetefb+e walked cautiously onwards, and increased oto pace as the road began to descend. We went, es it were, of ourselves, down hill, through the dust- like bat deep layer of snow. All at once, though, a roaring and buzzing began around our eats, as if the wings of a thousand vultures were flapping around us. 'Seed heavens! the dust avalanche! Sleep your head up, Gt you will be choked!' my brother shouted to me; and that was all I could hear through tlie' infernal row, IOT after that thy senses literally left me. My last feeling was as if I were being shot out ol a mortar through the air, and then nothing more. When I woke again, it was in consequence of an anything but gentle is -by which my more experienced ier dragged me back from the edge of the precipice on which the avalanche, aroused by our Own movements, had comfortably landed me in a heap of deep snow, after an involuntary leap of three-hundred well-infeasilrted Swiss feet; It was a ver~ peculiar feeling that cam6 (rtrer me. when at length succeeded in removing from ttjr eyesthe snow, which whirled round like fine dust, and looked down into the bottomless depths. If the avalanche had been a cannon-shot, only an ounce of powder would have been necessary to send me over the brink to kingdom come." " I siippdsfe your appptite. for chamois hnntAhg was satisfied for that day, did m fellow, and that you behaved in the same way as after the glorious shot at the lynx ? " I said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shudder at the thought of his dangerous • journey through the air. "Bo yoh think so?" he replied, in his peculiar drawling way. " When I made that leap I was flo longer a lad of fifteen. My spint bottle, it is true, had beea broken to shivers in my hurried journey, but my brother's -was all right After we had beaten the snow out of our clothes as well as we could—which, by the way, was no easy job, because the avalanche dust holds very tightly together—we both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep, which had befen fortunately swept 1 ear, aiid reached the top all right. _ Two ; lours later, a splendid buck was writhing On the ground, which my brother had driven iip to iny gun, and we had evety. reason to he satisfied with our flays work, in spite of the "trifling accident;" A few remarks may be.admissible about the hunter's equipment. His dothes are made of coarse, undyed wool, and he carries with him, ih addition to a rifle of heavy bore—corneal balls have been proved to be unsuitable—amoderately sized Alpine stock, a pouch containing powder, ball, and telescope, and an iron pot. His food generally consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an alWahCe df salted roosted flour, which he converts into a comforting sflup morning and night by means of the pot. If he is in cash, he takes a bottle of cherry brandy with him also. The hunter pays special attention tb his shoes, which are made much afttei the fashion of the hard chamois hoof; they are very Strongly set-it, and the soles are covered with sharp niils, so that he ttajf have a foothold oh the rocks and ice fiddSi Ordinary shoes would be in rags after one day of 'such walking, and not protect the feet siifficifehtlj- frbm Injury. JVom the few cureorj- rfetharks I have been able to make, it will be plainly seeh that chamois hunting has long ceased to be a spiort for gentlemen. Even among the real hunters it is a species of demoniac imiulsfe, an untamable passion, which, though JOhlfe, inay hs compared with that-of professionnl gamblers; afcd something far beyond a thirst for gain impels these daring and-desperate men eo constantly to risk their lives.- At the same time, the majority of the hunters ore poor men, capable of standing any ^amount of fatigue, and acquainted -with • the : smallest detai'-s of "the mountains. Though we read in "he newspapers every now and then that 6ome prince or .minister "has recently made. a hold trip through the Bernese Oberland, and been so fortunate as to kill a splendid chamois, I am free to confess that I:dways entertain modest doubts as to the imth of the statement. I have on some occasions seen the hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on a chamois expedition Ifiugh most meaningly wlipn allusion was maae to such success. The chamois hunteifis a silent, and, at the sametime, mbsf practical fellow, and need not be expected to tell how many, ducats he earned bysnrrendering his dafin to the honomr.of a^Dod shot. Tj? ia man has a quarrelsome temper, let himalone. 7 Tb eWorld willioon .find him employment. 3H6 will sopu meet with some •oia : Etronger than himself who will repay him hptter -jjUin yon Can. A/man mayilght » 