Rowing and Sailing Notes. At fl mooting oí the East Sydney Amateur Sailing Club tho following officers Lave been elected for the enpuing year : Patron, Sir Alfred Stephen, G. CM.G., C.B.; president, Mr. Sidney Burdekin, M.L.A. (Mayer of Sydney) ; vice- presidents, tho Hon. Dr. Renwick, M.L.C., the Hun Edmund Barton, M.L.C., Q.C.theHon. William M'Milhui, M L.A., tho Hon. G. H. Reid. M.L.A., M^rs. J. A. Brown, and Alder man Chapman; commodor?, Mr. W. A. Notting; vice-commodoro, Captain W. P. MulhoItaur! ; and ¿on. treasurer, Mr. C'ldwoll. Tho boats already on the club roch" ter uro Idothea, Ethel, Eudora, Alma, El&ie;, Massjlia, Isadore, Scylla, Lotti', Margarita, Intrepid, and Our Own. Tho opening doy of tho seaton has boen iixod for November 8, when a handi cap race will be sailed. It is anticipated that tho club will be a very successful one. Tho first handicap tailing race of tho Beason of the Leichhardt Saiiinq Club was hold at Leichhardt Bay on Saturday aft rru on, starting at 3.15 p.m. Tho boats entered were : Young Dick 19ft, Our Roy 14ft, Linnet 20ft, Mary Juno 18;t, Leichhardt 18it, Romeo 2"ft, Jenny Limi 24ft, Volunteer 16ft, Young George 18ft. Mr. Geor -oShiploy was handicapper and BtartfT, and Mr. W. Ain^vorth timekeeper and stakeholder. The course was from a flatboat off Shipley's Bath* round a murk off tho Iron Cove Bridge and back round tho flagboat ; tho distanoe to be traversed four times, ami tho conditions of the ". race jib ar d mainsail only. Tho ¡»maller boats had all their work cut out to keep anet in tho ntrong sea and high breeze, and the Young Dick ard Mary Jaï:e had a capsize. Tho Our Roy and Volunteer retired after half the conrso had been negotiated, leavinp it to tho Romoo and Leichhardt to race it out. Tho raco was finally won by the Romeo on her time allow ance of Blum by 4miu 20aco. Tho winnor was very well Bailed by Mr. H. Pritchard. The openirur of tao season of the Echuca Rowing Club took place on October 22, the conrso being from the old punt gangway to the sandbank at tho north eudof Victoria Park. Mr. E. Reidy as starter, Mr. T. Carlton as referee, and Mr G. Aitken as judge, gave every satisfaction. The following was the result of tho four-oared race :-Firs t beat: F. Turner (fitk), F. Gavel (3). R. GKVQI (2). H. Gavel (bow), A. Chr-n . halls (cox), 1 ; J. T. Seward (stk), A Gavel (3), W. Bowen (2), J. Hines (bow), G. MiUedge (ccx), 2. Second heat : R. Noble (ark;, F. Fairthorne (3), H. Miliedge (2), R. Laird (s-ow), J. Noble (cox), 1; P. Noble (stk), H. Milledge (3), A. Moore (2), R. Rogers (bow), G. Lindquist (cox), 2. Tito final heat was won by Turner's crtw by a kngfch. The Glebe Rowing Club had a handicap skiff race raco cn Saturday afternoon The oourso waa over a milo and a half m Blackwattle Bay. Tho heavy soa on and strong wind made it unpleasant for competi tors! Tho following was tho result :-First heat : F. C. WilliamH, 2"-sec, 1; J. Leeds, 80see, 2 ; C. Mad docks, 80sec, 3. Second heat: G. J. Robertson, Hcratoh, 1; F. Ickerson, 65sec, 2; R. AUerB, EOseo, 3. Third heat : J. A. Parkin-on, G5doo. 1 ; E. Krae^an, 25seo,2; T. Binney, 5¡>sec, 3. Final heat: F. C. Williams 1, J. A. Parkinson 2, G. J. Robertson. Tbero aro " strained relations " arno; g tho Double Bay Regatta uomudttee, and Messrs. H ellinga, Eaton, and Speers withdrew from tho committee on October 27. Tha National Regatta committee will hold a final meeting at th* Exchange on Monday. In the All-comers' Race in light skiffs, Double Bay Taratta, the following weights have bren declared : M'Naughten, feathor; Cuiso and Ford, 51b; E. Priddle, 15;b ; C. Matterson and T. Strettloa, 201b ; Cormack, 251b; B'.snh, 40ib ; H. Messenger, 501b. Tho residents' race and athletic clubs' race havo fallen throngh. The "hired boats," which ia always an interesting race, have withdrawn entirely from tho regatta, and will hold a sweepstakes race on the afternoon cf November 1. A race arranged amenât tho members of tho Too Wo^g Row n¡_r Cub, Brisbane, for pair oarc, reco:¿tly came off in two heats on the Bri; bario Riser, and was Won by tho Fletcher Brothers, who were coxwain.;d by L. Lons borough, and winning by about five lengths. The Mayor of Oranpe has piven his consent for a Bcullin';» match to bo rowed between G. Bubear and Neil Msttorson on tho waterworks reservoir at Orange, for -?100 a-side. Tho date ia fixed for the 22nd of next month. The following entries have been made for tho Port Jackson Failing Club Handicap Race, for prizes of £6, £3, £2, and £1, which ia to tak-j placo this (Saturday) afternoon, owing i o thoir boats h-ivim? been shut out from tho Doublu Bay Regatta: Mantnra, Maísüia, A tal-nta, Gazelle, Bobina, Violet, Iv¿r nu, Esmeralda, Isadore, Id rhea, Lottio, ScyLa, Craigielea, Ghost, and Our Tom. The following are the n .mes soleoted by Mr. Up ward from whom he will select the intercolonial eight . to represent Victoria in th« lor.hcoining race: Messrs. Nicholson, Payne, Hatch, and Poynter, of . the Banks Club; Watson, Jerkins, Robb, and Yarnes, of tho Melbourne Club ; Cnnningham, of the Mercantile ; and Enticott, of the Yarra Yarra. There Í3 considerable diasatisfaotion among amateur souliers regarding the conditions of tho out rigger race at tho Balmain Regatta, and which will tend to debar many of our best amateurs and visitors from competing in th j race. 