WEDDED TO DEATH. CHAPTER XXIX. The Beilby-Trenchards gave a bau. Socially they had no standing whatever, but as- they had a vabt fortune accumulated-no one quite new how but by some mysterious means in the City-they hoped to be heard of in fashionable circles. The Beilby-Trenchards and the Blattherwaites were of about the same calibre ; this is, the men were, for nothing could be more dissimilar than the women. Mrs. Blattherwaite was a refined, winning, sunny little American, always well dressed, and seemed a deal too good for the people she daily asso- ciated with ; while Mrs. Beilby-Trenchard was mag- nificent in her vulgarity; rnbicund in face, and huge in stature and rotundity, she amply f nlfilled the requirements her hyphen-connected names seemed to demand. Be it known that in the City the little man who was her spouse was called plain Trenchard. He was an intimate friend of Blattherwaite's, and the two might often he seen standing in some crowded thoroughfare, either talking seriously about some grave business complication, or laughing over a side- splitting story. It was the first time the Beilby-Trenoharis entered for competition with the London ball givers, and the reason of thiB present entry was the coming out of their daughter, who was a fair speci- men of a bright English maiden, her parents being taken into consideration ; and since, being an only child, she was highly gilded, there was every rea- son for the maternal hope that she would only change the imposing name of Beilby-Trenchard for a coronet. Of course there being an heiress to marry fully accounted for the aristocratic'stratum covering the deep lying ore of City life at Mrs. Beilby Trenchard's party. She had made gigantic efforts -even to a person of her size they were gigantic -to obtain a sufficiently good list of studbook names for them to have an imposing appearance in the Morning Post, and to a certain extent she had succeeded. .How few of our noble families can afford to look down from an altitude on a girl who is reputed heiress to a million of money-even though her mother.be overpoweringly huge and vulgar, and her father has every appearance of being first cousin to « Old Clo.' " Still, the remarks made by many of her high- born guests would scarcely have flattered Mrs. Beilby-Trenehard had she heard them ; but parvenuB have no business to have thin skins, nor have climbing women. As a rule, they seldom resent passing insults as wrathfully as Joe Blattherwaite was fired to do when he overheard Mrs. Bellingham's reasons for not coming to his party. He is thinking of them now as ho Btands talking to the host, and gloating with him over the fact of how their money would buy up all the swaggering swells who think they are conferring a favour by coming to the house of this City King. In fact, contempt seems to be reciprocal in that Ennismore Gardens throng. Mr. Beilby-Trenchard has lately bought a house in this fashionable locality, and he is as proud of it as if he had in- herited Windsor Castle itself, and is even now trying to persuade his friend Blattherwaite to do likewise. " For," as he explained, " swells won't go to St. John's Wood ¡ they think you haven't done the thing thoroughly as long as you're out there." " No, they won't, d-n them," says Blatther- waite the coarse, still rankling with annoyance when he thinkB of Dorothy Bellingham. Not even since his meeting and talk with her at the Grand Hotel at Brighton had his spite mitigated. He was as fully resolved as ever that, given the opportunity, it should have full play. There was one little well-dressed, compact, posé personage who took in many a comical situation which others passed unobserved, and was the walk- ing embodiment of amusement, as she-of course it was a she-sauntered about Mrs. Beilby-Trenchard's well-stocked rooms, only dancing when the inviting partners really pleased her. That little woman was Miss Vera Lawssn. She had made herself thoroughly au fait with the ins and outs of what is called society in Great Britain j and, regarding everything from an American point of view, her sense of humour was vastly tickled. What she wanted particularly on that special evening was a kindred spirit, some one who would see more or less with her eyes. If Sybil Gregory were there a few racy remarks would probably be exchaged; but no, on second thoughts, she would prefer a male companion with whom to query British formula). What man ! Ah^ there were half-a-dozen, at leaßt, in New Tork lovely masculine creatures, who would have helped her to have a rare good time in the English ball- room ; but since they could neither be telephoned nor wired for across the Atlantic, she n»ust annoy some Britisher for sheer amusement's sake. In truth there he waa, coming in at the door, Mr. Frank Lovatt. She had met him before, and found him by no means bad company. Frank Lovatt's free-and-easy way suited this young woman, who was herself exceedingly offhand He, too, evidently felt reciprocity, for he walked straight across where she was standing. "Well met, Miss Lawson. I despaired of seeing anyone I knew to-night." ' E She shook hands and laughed. "Have you come heiress hunting ?" " I ! What do you take me for ?" "For neither better or worse than the others of your sex. They all try it on. The bigger the swell the more money he expects to get for his swellish neas and his title." " Since I am not a swell and have no title, I cannot then he a hunter." "Pooh. You are well-born-a gentleman. Moat of these people are-" "Miss Lawson, I had no idea that you were severe." r . " Well, am I not right?"' ' " In being severe ?" " Don't irritate me, or I shall hate you, Am I not right in my opinion of the reason ef this gather- ing to-night ?" " Are yQU an heiress ?" i, ' ' ' " ' , r "I wish to goodness I were. But why do you askP" "Simply to know. If you aro not a heiress and I am not a hunter, what, then, is our especial label in this fashionable collection ?" "People who think they are proficients in any acquirement are never contented with spectators we are ticketted ' spectators.' " " Who always see the most of the game." " Exactly." " And what conclusion have you arrived at ?" " That big society does not behave well when it comes into little society-airs are bad manners. By the way, how did you get here ?" " Oh, my aunt, Lady Parolby, brought me. Old Trenchard does something with her money-I don't know that." " Then you don't know any of the family ?" "Not even by sight, except the rubicund matron to whom I was presented at the door. And you P What is there between you and these people ?" " The Blattherwaites introduced me. Mrs Blat therwaite is my cousin. She is an American, you know." " The Blattherwaite's-you-that-" " Oh, say what you like. I abominate old B" but she is charming." " I don't know her-but he is--" "A ead-granted." " Oh, worse than a ead-a blackguard. If I had known he was likely to be here I should never have come." "Sorry. You seem to have been hiding some time past, and then to reappear under unfavourable auspices. It is terrible, isn't it. Where hsve you been all this time ?" " At Monte Carlo." "How delightful ? for you can tell me all about the scandal in connection with Derek Home." " I have been travelling with Derek Home." " Better and better. Well-" " What do you want me to say ?" " The truth. Did he fight for a woman, and was that a singer called Da Costa ?" " So that is the story that has travelled, is it ?" " The truth-the truth, Mr. Lovatt, and quickly." "Always a difficult thing to arrive at. You'll have to ask Derek himself, and then even there is just a chance you'll not get it. Men's motives-" " Bother motives. Facts are what I want." "Well, the fact is, he was wounded. Why, I could not tell you to save my life. He didn't fight -a fellow fired at him." "But what for?" " I thought you did not want motives." " How tiresome you are. What had Da Costa to do with it ?" " She wasn't anywhere about that I saw." " Do you know, Mr. Lovatt, you are making your friend's case even worse in my eyes than it was be- fore ?" "I am exceedingly sorry, upon my word. Is Derek-poor old chap-a very particular-him that is, of yours ?" " Oh, you irritating man. Personally I scarcely know Mr. Derek Home, though I think him very handsome. It is an account of a friend of mine that I am making these enquiries." "Indeed !" " You know, of course, whom I mean." " How should I ?" " Because you are not in the habit of going about with a bandage over your eyes, and you know as well as I do that Mrs. Bellingham, the widow of his late partner, and Mr. Derek Home have always been victims of the inscrutable laws of affinity." "Gracious, what a mouthful! What does it means ?*' She positively stamped her foot and turned an- grily away. " Mydear young lady, do not be displeased with me, but if it is love you mean by these words, why don't you say so." Vera Lawson was silent, so Frank Lovatt, who waB just a little oit épris with her, went on "Please forgive me. Let us either dance or walk, or go and eat ices-do, just to show you have no ill will." She took his arm. "I wonder if there is any woman in the wide world who would ever learn to love you," sho said saucily. " Why not ?" " Every Jack has his Jill." "Every Johnson had his Thrale." "Really, Mr. Lovatt, you are too bad j but I wonder what she will be like." "Piquante, sharp-tongued, and saucy," he an- swered, looking at her so suddenly and fixedly that the crimson colour rose into her face. " Will you introduce me to her ?" she asked, for the mere sake of saying something. "Of course I will; but perhaps you will know her without any introduction." gj" I knew very few people in London." " No matter ; it may so chance that you wiil know her." Then he changed the subject : he could not say more without saying too much. " Tell me. have you seen Mrs. Bellingham lately" " Oh, yes," answered Vera, recovering her com- posure rapidly. .' I see her nearly every day." " And how she has borne the Bhock of her hus- band's death ?" " Awfully ehe cannot get over it at all." "I am aurpiised. I though that marriage had been one of Cupid's mistakes." " I do not know anyone's history that has so astonished and puzzled me as poor Dorothy's." Miss Lawson would not for worlds have hinted to Frank Lovatt about any of tho mysteries of which so wrote so freely to her friend Sybil Gregory. Full well she knew he would have laughed both them and her to scorn. An allusion to hidden life and fusion of vital power, and such like, would have amused him even more than to hear love called affinity, and Vera Lawson had no intention of amusing him in any way that would cause him to laugh at herself. Why Miss Lawson should be astonished and puzzled at Mrs. Bellingham's troubles Frank Lovatt did not understand ; and as he was not at all interested in her, save indirectly on Derek's account, he did not enquire, but having by this time reached the supper room he proceeded to colleet such dainty morsels for Miss Lawson as he thought would take her fancy. When he returned to her after his peregrinations around the supper-table, he found she was talking to Mr. Blattherwaite, a faot which at first made him desperately inclined to go straight away aud leave her supperless. She looked at him and smiled. He was once more booked to serve her. Not quite prepared, however, for what followed, Bince Blattherwaite nodded familiarly to him, and ac- tually had the impudence, as Frank Lovatt thought it, to say : " How do you do, sir ?" However, as this man was equally a guest of the Beilby-Trenchards, Frank Lovatt thought it be- hoved him as a gentleman to be polite. Still, he merely nodded rather coolly; but even this gave encouragement to the Pusher. "Haven't seen yon at the dub lately, sir," "No; I have been abroad"-announced with much aurlinesB, and the mental remark : "Confound the fellow. He calls me 'sir' as if he were a waiter." Findingit rather difficult to strike np an acquaint- ance with Frank Lovatt, Mr. Blattherwaite turned his attention once more to Vera Lawson. " Seen Mrs Bellingham lately ?" he asked. "She bolted from Brighton as if she had seen a ghost there." " She is very uncertain since her husband died ; restless, she cannot settle to anything." "Humph ! I suppose she'll settle down when she marries that other cove." ' " Whom do you mean ?" " Bless my heart, MÍBS Vera, as if you didn't know. Derek Home-him as is desperately in love with her. He'd-well, there, it isn't my business. This gentleman here, Mr Frank Lovatt, knows all about it. He can tell you." " By Jove !" hissed out Lovatt, roused with almost uncontrollable anger, " if you say another word I shall know how to cram it down your throat, you'prying villain." Instead of rising, Mr. Blattherwaite laughed. " It's in the way of my business, sir, to know ft> few things about other people. Mr. Derek Home is too good for the gang he goes with. Lewis1 Bellingham wasn't much good, and his wife widow, I should say-is a pretty fair match." ".If you think, Mr. Blattherwaite, that I am going to stand here and hear my friend discussed and this lady maligned, you are mistaken. How a man like you can dare to speak in such terms I cannot understand." " A man like me ! And what fault have you to find with me, I should like to know ?" Vera laid her hand on Frank's arm and whispered " He has been drinking ; for goodness' sake, let us go upstairs." But Frank Lovatt was too angry to be reason- able. " He is not so drunk but he knows how to hold his tongue," he said, loud enough for him to hear. The word " drunk" fired Mr. Blattherwaite's rising wrath into a flame. " Who says I'm drunk ? I'll fight any man who says I'm drunk." By this time there was a crowd of listeners, and one or two gentlemen sought to separate the quarrellers, but they were both launched far out of the bounds of prudence. " You are a low blackguard, and you have no right in any respectable house," said Lovatt, speak» ing always with closed teeth and very quietly, his wrath being of the concentrated kind ; in fact, if it had not been for Blattherwaite's blustering no one would have known that there was a quarrel in progress. To silence this big, swaggering, half-tipsy man was, everyone felt, well-nigh impossible, BO Vera caught Frank Lovatt somewhat roughly by the arm. " Come upstairs ; you Bhall. I am surprised that you should answer him at all. Come." What could he do ? He waB helpless at her will. She positively dragged him out of the room, and Mr. Blattherwaite was left raging and swearing " that he would have his revenge ; they were a set of d-, insolent, swindling aristocrats ; that was what they were. That crimson-cheeked Dorothy the worst of the lot, if his suspicions were correct." So he ran on to the edification of the bystanders, who were, of course, exceedingly glad of any scandalous revelations, thongh they made a pre- tence of trying to stop the current. On the stairs, Veraî still holding Frank Lovatt very tight, met the unfortunate wife of this irre- pressible and vulgar boor. "Joe has had too much wine. For mercy's sake, go and take him home," was Vera's rapid injunc- tion. A moment's glance at Mrs. Blattherwaite's face showed she knew too well what was meant by his having too much wine. She had not much power over him, alas ! but what little she had she used' and at last succeeded, with the help of Mr. Beilby« Trenchard, in getting him into a cab, he raving the while that he would stand none of that curly chap's nonsense-he have him up in a court-call him a blackguard, indeed-say he was drunk-he should be bound over to keep the peace. So the Beilby-Trenchard's ball, begun under such pleasing auspices, ended most disastrously, for after this affray all the most desirable guests went away, the general account being that " Frank Lovatt, who was dear Lady Parobby's nep- hew, had been handled most roughly by that dread ful man, and the affair was sure to be in the news- papers ; in fact, it is most probable that it would figure in a law court. Quito a mistake, you know, ever to have gone to such people as the Beilby Trenchards. Why, the whole party was like a baar-garden." Yea, this untoward scene, and the exaggeration that followed, completely extinguished the Beilby Trenchards' light as it flickered on the confines of fashionable society. They were heard of no more and the house in Ennismore Gardens was sold with in a month. As for the two delinquents, they neither of them disappeared quite so readily. The fray which had begun between them that night would bear fruit it the looming future. (To be continued.) 