<€!tc (Stttrg-^elUr* ? ( Concluded). From the Gotham Gazette of April 21. (From an Occasional Correspondent.) < iV-orgctown, Demerara, April 1. |BV BKANDKR MATTHEWS, in Harper.J How lonir he slept he did not know; bub when lie :i\, oke the sun was breaking over the mountains, lie lay still, slowly collecting his thoughts. Even then he rould not recall all the incidents of his flight. He had fled, and they had pursued, and he was safe sr> fat—this was all he knew, and it was almost all he cared. How he was to advance further he did nobknow, or what he was to do next. His bones ached as he lay there on the ground, his mouth, was parched, and lie began to feel the pangs of hunger. He looked about him to sete if he could not find eomu fruit with which be might stay his stomach, ur a brook whereat he might quench his thirst. He was lving on a ledge of rock but thinly covered with earth, although nchly robed with the luxuriant vegetation of the tropics. In front of bi^ rose the sheer cliff which in the darkness had barred his further progress. It was this rock, an insurmountable obstacle in the darkness, which was now to prove a means of safety by day. I As Mr. Stead gazed about him in search of what might serve as meat and driuk, the lighfcof dawn strengthened, and the precipioe, which towered before him began to glow with th» beams of the rising sun. In this increase of light he eeemed to see a strange medley of figures moving across the face of the roo^. Ai first he mistnisted his senses, fesling that'his fatigue had perhaps made him subject tff hallucinations or visions. But as he Wked again he found that his eyes had only half 1 deceived, him. The figures were there before him, bub they were motionless. Carved on the faoe of the cliff in rude relief, they were coloured into a semblance of reality. Then Mr. Stead knew where he was. He< recognised the fact that he had before him one - of the Pictured Bocks of the Essequibo, whichi many a voyager had sought and very few had . ever founc. He had been told that thiy existed m three or four places, and that they were always so situated that they could be seen fromafar by the first rays of the rising sun. Whab their origin might be, nobody can declare with precision. Sometimes they are apparently commemorative of some royal hero or some noble feat at arms; sometimes they are obviously explanatory devices designed to goide the wayfarer. That which Mr. Stead was fortunate enough to find before him belonged to this latter class. It served as a sign-post, as it were, to a way of safety. In this case the tinted sculptures indicated a sort of profile map of the mountains, with the river flowing between. An outstretched hand with pointingfinger showed the direction to be taken if the traveller desired to ass over to the other side of the stream by a Sanging bridge which swung across the chasm. Rudely cut figures as ruddy daubed with colour were proceeding along the paths and passing over the frail bridge. Then Air. Stead remembered that on the journey up the river they had had to make a long porterage around themountain because the stream here ran between high walls, and was not to be ascended by boab on account of its succession of rapids and cataracts. He had never heard that there was any such bridge across the river as was seen in the picture-writing, but there might veiy well be. And if there were, then he had at least a chance of escape. Once across the river, he thought he could find his way to the village of friendly Indians a few miles further below; then the rest of the journey would be easy and without danger. How distant the bridge might be, if indeed there were any bridge, he could not estimate from the pictorial outlines before him." Bub whatever was the distanoe the direction waa plain, and the journey must be undertaken* Mr. Stead arose and tightened the belt around him. Following the suggestion of the outstretched finger, ne started along the ledge of the cliff, and now that full davlight helped him, he soon came to a break in the rock above him^-a break through which it was easy to attain the brow of the mountain. Here he-^ came out on a tableland less densely covered, with vegetation. Although almost level, lb. eloped gently upward. A quarter of a mile away to his right the ground broke, and here, he supposed the high bank of the river to be_ A mile beyond him, or it might be two, the cliff of the opposite river-bank rose up, and apparently the channel narrowed. There, if anywhere., would be the bridgo which was figured in the picture-writing. Hitherto Mr. Stead had proceeded very 1 cautiously, feeling his way lest he should walk into an ambush, looking back often to make sure that he was not followed, and keeping his revolver in his hand, with his finger on the trigger. But in the joy of seeing the table* land stretch away before him, with the hope that the bridge of safety was but a mile or two ahead, inadvertently he paused for a momenb at the edge of the cliff up which he had climbed. For a few seconds only was his figure outlined against the sky. Brief as was this space of time it sufficed. A cry arose from the lull-side beneath him to the left of the path by which he had come; it was the same cry with which the White Indians in the first canoe had called to their comrades in the other boats. Instantly it was repeated— first to the right of him, then again to the left, then four or five times further down the hillsida There was no mistaking the meaning of these calls—he was discovered, and the enemy was on his trail. Mr. Stead looked over the cliff again. Nob one of the White Indians was in sight. So he knew he had a good start. To stand still was but to in vi te death. His one chance of life lay in reaching the bridge first. He set off at once at a rapid pace notwithstanding the heavy weight of treasure which lined his belt. If ib were absolutely necessaiy to save his life, he was ready to abandon the gold, but only under the most desperate circumstances did he intend to give it up. The pursuers meant to kill hint and to get his precious burden; and Mr. Stead was resolved to prevent, if he could, their doing either. Knowing that his enemies were now following him closely, he looked back with every few steps he toot In the fear of a fatigue which might prevent hiB reaching his object, he dared not over- exert himself, but he walked as fast aa •' he thought wise. He rested himself now and again by breaking into a jog-trot whenever the incline of the ground was not too abrupt. He had covered nearly two-thirds of the distance from the brow of the bill to where he mighb hope to find the bridge when he caught tlie first glimpse of his pursuers—the outline of a single man stood out against the horizon. Ha. quickened his pace. When next he looked back there were four or five men gathered together in a little group about the tall chief. As his eyes were on them the chief waved one hand, and the warriors sprang forward in a brisk run. He had seen tnem, and he knew that they could see him- It was now a question of speed. If he oould get across the bridge safe and sound, it mighb be that he could hold it until nightfall should give him another chance of escape. If they should catch up to him on the open ground, or if there should not be any bridge at the spoil where lie hoped to find it, then all would be over; his life would not be worth-an hour's purchase, however dearly he might sell it. - The ground favoured him just then, and he dropped into a gentle run. Soon the declivity became too steep for BO rapid a progress, ana be fell back to a walk. Again he looked ab - his pursuers. The little group abou*. the chief, not so compact now as when he had first seen it, had covered more than a quarter of the distanoe which had separated them. And behind theBe were three other groups rushing toward him, stretching across the slope one after the other. Mr. Stead set his teeth and strode forward.' For five minutes he toiled steadily upward ; as he neared his goal the ascent was steeperw When he could no longer resist the desire to see whether or not his enemies were gaining on him, he turned his head again. The chief and - his followers were but a few hundred feefe behind him—scarcely beyond bow-shot; and tailing out over the inclined plain were-half a hundred more White Indians, all racing toward, him. As they saw him looking at them they raised fierce yells of hatred. In ten yards more Mr. Stead came out on the brink of the river, which rolled along in a deep gulf below, whence it sent out a cloud of spray from a thundering cataract. Scarce a hundred: feet before him the gulf was spanned by a slight swinging bridge. Mr. Stead _ saw it, and he gave a gasp of relief; knowing there was now no more need 1 to husband his strength, he rushed forward as fast as he could. When he came to the footpath which led to the bridge he was still & hundred feet in advance of the nearest of his pursuers. He crossed the frail and vibrating structure as swiftly as he dared, though it» trembled beneath his tread, and swung from; side to side until it almost threw him off into the dark abyss below, where the river raged fiercely along. As he was toiling up the furtherhalf of the bridge the White Indians arrived on the brink of the cliff behind him. They paused, and two of them fitted arrows to theirbows. One of these missiles missed Mr. Stead,, the other struck him in the back of the waist,, and broke off against the plates of gold which protected his person at that place. When he set foot on the firm land and facsi about, three of his foes were already on tho bridge and crossing over. He stood still in tho centre of the path and took deliberate aim an 1 fired. The foremost Indian threw up his hand s and fell sideways from the bridge. A second shot struck the next man in the right thigh, and he drop]>ed back, vainly grasping, as heturned in the air, at the ropes which supported " the fragile pathway, and dropped down into the dark water wh;ch was roaring along tli? bottom of tiie chasm move than a hundred feet below. The third man had but >ast started on. his perilous passage ; when liis two predecessors perished so suddenly, he hesitated for a ^second, then he sprang forward asain. The •chief stretched out his arm and stayed the other White Indians as they came up, •waiting to see what might be the fate of the third man. Mr. Stead held his fire until this man—a tall, handsome fellow—was within fifty feet of him, then he pulled the trigger, and the pursuer, shot through the heart, sprang up into the air, and •fell down into the gulf below, knotted into a convulsive ball. Then Mr. Stead seeing that there was no movement on the pvrt of his enemies to attack again, reloaded his revolver. By this time nearly all the warriors had assembled on the other side. Several of the late comers were about to run forward on the bridge, but the tall chief called them back. Suddenly a flight of arrows shot across the chasm, and fluttered down before Mr. Stead's feet. He was just out of range. But he thought it best to discourage any desire they might have to use him as a mark; taking careful aim, he fired his revolves! again, and.the bullet broke the chief's arm. An awful jell arose at this, i»nd<for the third time the chief had to restrain .the impetuosity of his followers. Mr. Stead •could not but admire the reckless bravery of his foes, eager to sacrifice their lires to avenge their leader. JJor a few minutes there was a respite. " While an old man carefully bandaged the chiefs wounded arm, the others gathered about them and raised a weird, irregular, pathetic chant, which seemed part of the ceremonial of cure. Mr. Stead took advantage of the lull to consider tie situation. So long as he could hold the end of the bridge he was safe; they could advance across it only,one at^a time, and their numbers were therefore of. no ., advantage to them. Ypt this security was but temporary ; he dared 'liot abandon his post, for' his safety depended on his defending it. He was forced to remain 'wltere he> Was, and to - make no - Attempt to proceed on his journey. His foes outnumbgtgi i&ttL; fifty to one.; They could tire him out, and they could starve him out, if they were -wilting to settle down to a siege. They might even separate* and while one detachment kept him at bay, the other might retrace ite steps to the place where-he shot the bird of ill-omen, and where their canoes were ; then, crossing the river in these, they might oome down and take him in the rear. This scheme seemed to have occurred to the chief at the very moment that it suggested itself to Mr. Stead. From his commanding position the American saw the leader of the White Indians call a man forward and give him a seqyee of .orders, accompanied by gestures which Mr. Stead found no difficulty in interpreting. ^Vhen he had received his instructions the choseft leader of the detachment went among his comrades and picked out a dozen of them. These he'drew up in line before the chief, who spoke a few words of advice, apparently, and. of warning. .When the chief ceased, his followers raised a shout of anticipatory triumph, shaking their weapons in the air, and casting , looks of "hatred against the single American. Then the designated group broke away from the main body, And ran hack on their own traiL In less than five minutes they were lost to sight. \ . . . . . , Mr. Stead had no doubt as to the meaning of the departure of this detachment of his foes. He knew that m a definite time—probably four or five hours—he would be outflanked. With an enemy behind him, against whom he could have no protection, his doom would soon be sealed, fie saw that if he wished to save his life, and to bear off the treasure which had been confided to him, and wliich he had bound himself to convey safely to its destination, he must do something, and he must do it quickly. - _ His first thought was to pick off his opponents one by one, as he had wounded the chief. But a moment's reflection showed the impossibility of this proceeding. There were still nearly two score White Indians at the other end of the bridge. By taking them unawares, he might hope to kill ten or a dozen. But what would this profit him ? The rest would hide themselves behind the rocks, and, securely under cover, they could then bide their time, exposing themselves only when their comrades might aririounce their arrival on his side of the river. And yet another^ reason deterred him. His stock of ammunition •was limited; he had barely a score more cartridges. To remain where he was would be impossible, and to retreat while his foes might at once cross the bridge after him was to invite an' immediate death. His only hope of safety was so to bar their passage across the river that he might continue his journey without fear of their following him. The bridge was of a kind uncommon in Gniana, but frequent enough in the passes of the Andes, where it was found when the soldiers of Pizarro first trod the soil of Peru. It is probably the most primitive form of the suspension bridge. It consists of two stout cables stretched across the valley in a pendent arc. Thpse cables are made of the pliant woody stems of climbing plants, twisted into bush-ropes, as they are called; and they are almost unbreakable by any strain likely to be put on them. These tough and flexible cables are fastened to huge rocks on each side of the gulf, running parallel with each other, less than a yard apart. They are floored with light planks laid across from cable to cable, and securely lashed by bands t>f mamurie, a finer oord mule of osier withes or lianas. On each side of the main cables and a little above them is another slighter bush-rope, intended to serve as a hand-rail for those who trust themselves on the fragile and oscillating bridge. To block a delicate suspension bridge like this so as to debar a passage across it would be But as Mr. Stead, under pressure of impending death, took stock of the situation and considered the matter in every light, he saw that it might not be impossible to destroy the bridge- Torch as were the huge cables of twisted vines, he believed he could saw through them with the knife which every South Amerioan traveller must needs cany.' Unfortunately, as he found, he could- not do thework of destruction except in full sight of the beleaguering foe. On his side of the river a lip of rock thrusting well out into the. valley had been chosen as" the landingrplace; the two cables had been stretched tightly across, then they disappeared into the earth, being apparently made fast to subterranean stones. Mr. Stead made a most careful examination. His one chance of safety was to destroy the bridge, and the one place where this could best be done was at the veiy verge of the precipice from which it projected. In fact, to work to advantage, Mr. Stead saw that he would have to bend forward-over the yawning chasm. For this reason he removed his treasure-belt or jacket, laying it at his feet. He looked to his revolver, preparing a little pile of cartridges ready to his hand, wisely thinking that the White Indians would probably renew their attack as soon as they discovered what he was doing. He sharpened his knife. Then he seated himself between the two cables at the edge of the shelf of rock, and began the task of cutting them in two. He had laboured for several minutes before the White Indians took any notice of his movements. Then one of them "began to watch him suspiciously, and called the attention of the chief. In a minute they discovered, what hi" object was. A wild shriek of rage arose, and two men seized their weapons and sprang forward along the bridge. Mr. Stead shifted his knife to his left hand and grasped his revolver. The two White Indians came along as fast as their swinging foothold -would allow. When they were within forty-feet of him he fired, and the first nian fell back. He fired again, and the second man, tripping on his' comrade's body, which lay dead across the footpath, dropped down, turning spasmodically until he struck the water below, and was hurried out of sight. Mr. Stead reloaded his revolver and resumed work. Other White Indiana hung back just at the entrance toilie bridge, doubting and undecided. The American kept hie eye cm them while he vent on with his labours. The vegetable fibre of the budh- rope wae singularly resisting, and to cut it called for strength and skill and time. There was' a hesitation among his adversaries which gave himopportunity almost to sever the calrie at his right hand ; at least_ it was more than half ''cut through, when his knife broke, and the best part of- the blade dipped into the abyss." ~ r ' At this pio aient he noticed an unusual movement among the White Indiana. They had •withdrawn a little to a dear space on one side, and there "they had formed a 'ring around the chief. Chanting a wild but simple refrain, they circled about their wounded leader, who stood erect in the centre, beating time by striking the ground with a hollow bamboo staff he held in his unwonnded hand. The rude and monotonous song they song resembled a dirge, wailing aid funereal; it was broken at regular intervals by discordant shouts. With the stump of his knife still serviceable, Mr. Stead was at work on the cable at his left; but he never took his eyes from the enemy. He could not guess their purpose, but he felt eure that it portended evil to him, and that he must be more than ever on his guard. Suddenly there was a shout louder than the rest, and one of the White Indians broke from the ring and stood on one side. Then the same monotonous wailing began again; and in due Eeason there was another loud shout, and a second man left the ring, and took his place by the side of the first. A third time the rude chanting began, the chief beating on the ground m'th his bamboo staff, and after the same intprval there was again a loud shout, and a third man took position with the other two. This proceeding puzzled Mr. Stead, and without slacking liis labour on the_ left-hand cable, he bent liis attention to the doiugs of his foes. Strange as was the rough chant, which soon began again for the fourth time, there seemed to the American something familiar in its rhytlmi. He had no memory of having ever beard it before, yet it rang with a pulsation vaguely resembling something that had fallen on his ears somewhere. For a while he could not place it. But as it concluded for the fourth time with .a shout, and a fourth man stood aside, there came back to Mr. Stead the echo of a foolish rhyme of his childhood, a jingle of gibberish, unmeaning, but useful, for it served to designate that one of his boyish play-fellows whose duty it thould be to chase and touch the rest of them. Then, as the strange strain arose for the fifth time, the American knew what it was, and he saw its significance. It was a counting-out rhyme, by which the followers of the tall chief were choosing men for a special purpose. Different as was the doggerel he had used in his boyhood from that which he heard now, there was the same marked regularity of beat, the same simple rythm, and, above all, the same result. A fifth man took his position beside the others who had thus been chosen by chance. When the song ceased again, a sixth man stepped out of the ring and joined his five comrades. Mr. Stead was working away steadily, and he had made a deep cut in the cable at his left, softer and more rotten than that on his right, so that his labour was not harder, though he now had but the stump of a knife. After the six men had been selected the rhythmic chant ceased, and the ring was abandoned. The White Indians eathered about the chief to receive his instructions. Then, and then only, did Mr. Stead discover their intent. The chief knew that the revolver oould fire only six shots without reloading. He had'picked out six men to sacrifice themselves by drawing these six shots, after which the American would be defenceless. The rest would rush forward. The plan was simple, and it bid fair to succeed. Mr. Stead worked on with desperate energy. Every second was precious to him. If they would delay their attack but five minutes longer, the bridge would be out, and he would be secure from pursuit. . But they did not delay a single minute. The sixmen stepped to the head of the bridge, and -stood onebenind theother, ready to advance. The chief fcstoe forward-beside them, and raised his hand.. They fell on their knees, and he waved bis staff above their heads, while the. rest of tlje White Indians uttered a shrill cry, half defiant and half sorrowful. Then they arose-and girded themselves^ for the certain death to which they were going. The others fell in line behind them,, headed by the chief. Mr. Steady saw that the moment had come. He rose to his feet to await the attack. A moment more and it came. The chief gave the signal. A yell of rage and hate broke from the throats of the White Indians, and the six doomed men set forward to cross the bridge, in single file, followed by the chief and the rest of their fellow-tribesmen. More accustomed to the oscillations of so frail a structure, their progress was far more Tapid than Mr. Stead's was when he had been forced to rati across the bridge with the enemy close behind him. When the first of the. six had reached the body of the man. who had been killed when Mr. Stead began to cut the cable, the American \- fired, and the White Indian plunged forward head first into the chasm. Then Mr. Stead fired again, and the second man, reeling forward, grasped the corpse which lay across the bridge, and together the two—the dead and the dying-—dropped headlong into the gulf below. A tliird shot, a fourth shot, and a fifth shot, and three more of the assailants were swept from the bridge. At the sixth shot the revolver missed fire, and the last of the chosen six was within twenty feet of Mr. Stead when, on the second attempt, the trigger did its duty, and the bullet found its billet in the doomed man's heart. The six shots had done their work, and the six men had done theirs. The seventh, man— the chief himself—was not more than twentyfive feet distant when the last ball left the American's revolver. There was no time to load again.- The best Mr. Stead could do was to fight for his life man to man, at the bead of the bridge. He grasped his revolver by the barrel, and he •stooped and with his left hand seized the stump of the knife. He thought that the seconds he had yet to live were counted, but he did not blanch; and he looked death in the face and flinched not. But it was not to be. Fortune favours the brave. Though, lie had not had time to cut "the cables wholly in. two,, he had weakened them so that they were unable to bear the strain of the whole band of White Indians. The foremost was barely a yard from the end of the bridge when the left cable parted, and Mr. Stead saw his foes fall together into the dark river below. With a mighty effort the chief, who was at the head of the line, reached forward to clutch the solid earth. His hand grasped the treasure-belt, which had lain at Mr. Stead's feet all through the fight, and it clasped this with the grip of desperation. In the sudden emotion of deliverance from death, Mr. Stead was not prompt enough to see this minor danger, and the chief of the White Indians bore with him to the bottom of the turbulent river the gold which the American had risked his life to save. To expect ever to recover ic is hopeless. There is no need to delay your readers with a detailed .account of Mr. Stead's return to civilization. As soon as he was free from the danger of pursuit, he set out for the village of friendly Indians, which he found, as he had expected, some fifteen miles further down the river. Here he was well received, and supplied with the means of continuing his journey. While at this village he made enquiry for Austin, who had basely deserted him in his hour of periL To Mr. Stead's great grief— although not at all to his surprise—he found that nothing had been heard of Austin. And as yet nothing has been heard of the fellow. It was nightfall when Austin thrust loose from the bank and started alone on his voyage down the river. In his fright it is probable that he forgot the rapids before him until it was too late to turn back, or even to check his canoe. Barely a mile below the point where he abandoned Mr. Stead, the river becomes narrow and the banks precipitous, and there is a succession of cataracts. It was above this gulch that Mr. Stead fought for his life, and it was probably in this gulch that Austin met his death by the wrecking of his canoe in the turmoil of waters. If once the wood-skin had got caught in the rush of the rapids, there would be no possible chance of escape for its solitary occupant. That this is what happened to Austin seems npw beyond doubt, since no other explanation of his disappearance is possible. Coward as the fellow was, it is sad to think of his dark and lonely voyage to a certain and horrible death. It was only the night before last that Mr. Stead arrived hereatGeorgetown. Yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting him, and of hearing the full tale of his adventures from his own lips. In transcribing these for your readers I have passed the night. It seems to me to be a duty which a man of letters owes his fellow-man to set forth simply and succinctly so brave a fight against terrible odds as that which Mr. Stead has just fought. It is the study of a strong character like his, and of brave deeds like this, which restores our faith in our common humanity. I have thought it best also that the facts of this outrage on an American citizen should be laid before the people of the United States as soon as possible, that the State Department might be moved to take prompt action. This letter goes back to you by favour of Mr. Joshua Hoffman, whose beautiful steam yacht, the Rhadamanthus, is to sail for New York this afternoon. Mr. Hoffman has been spending a fortnight in these waters; he expresses himself as delighted with the scenery, and much benefited in health by the rest he has obtained. I expect to sail for the Orinoco early next week, and you shall hear from me again at the very first opportunity. A. Z. II. (Prom tlie Gotham, Gazette of April 22.) Office of the Essequibo Gold Company, 76, Broadway, New York, April 21. To the Editor of the Gotham, Gazette. Sir—I have read with interest the entertaining letter from an Occasional Correspondent wnich you have published this morning, and which purports to give an account of an extraordinary outrage recently committed in British Guiana on an American named Stead by a tribe of hitherto unknown White Indians. I hate to have to spoil so sensational a story, but I see that there is a sort of to-be-contmued-inour-next at the end of his letter, and I feel, therefore that I am only anticipating the correction the Occasional Correspondent will be forced to make when he knows what has happened since he wrote. Perhaps you will excuse me if I suggest that before writing he might have enquired more carefully as to the value of the information he received. What has happened since then is that the man Stead was arrested yesterday for theft and for attempted murder. The thing he tried to steal was the gold entrusted to him to convey from the mines to the coast. The man he tried to muider was his accomplice in the intended theft—Austin. When 1 inform you that Austin is in New York, that he has confessed fully his share in the robbeiy, and that he has accused Stead of an attempt to put him out of the way, it may occur to some of those who may have read the exciting letter of the Occasional Correspondent that he is a gentleman of an unduly confiding nature, and that he has inadvertently allowed himself to be used by a rascal. The exact facts of the matter are that Stead and Austin, being entrusted with the gold of the Escecmibo Gold Company, conspired t« steal it. When they had arrived near the canon acrcss which Stead claims to have fought so brave a fight against such long odds, they dug a hole and buried the gold. Stead telling Austin that he would invent a tale of an attack by the White Indians, who exist in local superstition, but whom nobodv has ever seen. That night the thieves fell out, and Stead set Austin adrift in the canoe without a paddle, knowing that there was a waterfall ahead, and hoping that his accomplice would be drowned. Apparently Austin is reserved for another fate; his canoe sank on a rock in shallow water; he waded ashore, and was taken up by a band of friendly Indians, with whom he journeyed slowly to the coast. He arrived at Georgetown about midnight, a few hours before the Rhadamanthu -Ailed. Going to a friend's house, he heard the story Stead had been telling, and in fear of his life he determined to fly the country. This friend had done some trifling service for Mr. Joshua Hoffman, and thus Austin succeeded in being taken aboard the Bhadamanthus without the knowledge of the people of Georgetown. There is a pleasant irony in the fact that the very yacht which bore away the Occasional Correspondent's account of Stead's single-handed combat with impossible White Indians over a non-existent bridge should convey also the one man who knew the whole truth. On his arrival here yesterday Austin came down to the office of the Essequibo Gold Company and surrendered himself. He made a clean breast of his share in the attempt to rob the Company. We cabled at once to the Georgetown police. We learnt that Stead bad been away in the interior for a week, and that he had just returned. He was about to take ship for England when he was arrested. Tae stolen gold was found in his possession. I have to apologize for this trespass on your space, but enemies of the Essequibo Gold Company try to use ghost stories like that of the Occasional Correspondent to depress the securities of the Company, and as its president it is my duty to prevent this. Besides, just now I am a bull on the market. Your obedient servant, SAMUEL SABGENT. 