METHOD IN SUNDAY TEACHING. SCHOOL Being notes of an Address delivered to a gathering of Sunday School teachers in the Presbyterian Lecture Hall, Flinders Street, Adelaide, by Dr. Simon of Edinburgh, on Monday evening, August 11,1S90. The chief end and object of all Sunday School teaching should be to generate and foster Christian character; sometimes this is ignored. If however this is the confessed end of our work it becomes important to us to learn how best to carry it on, and what means to employ, and we shall all gladly welcome any wise counsel of help. No man or woman can set for themselves a grander goal, a work that affects not only this life but the life to come. We must remember that in Sunday School teaching we work on beings who have the power of choice and who will choose for themselves ; our two great aims therefore should be,— 1st. To reach the intelligence. 2nd. To determine the choice. We recognize the power of the instinctive imitation of children and the unconscious influence of adults over children and while these factors are of great value something more is necessary. The work of the teacher is to reach the mind, will, and heart of the scholars when young and in later years by appeals to endeavour to win them to Christ. Two most important aids are the work of the Holy Ghost and the personal temper, habits, and character of the teacher, but these must not deter from using the best system and method in the teaching. At the outset it must be understood that ideas, information, truths will of themselves do little, even if it were possible to ensure the accurate remembrance of the whole Bible, something more would be required. We want to evoke, guide, stimulate the knowledge, minds and wills of the scholars. They need spiritual energy and nourishment and" it is the work of the teacher to lead them to where they can get this: —to Christ,—the way, the truth and the life. Mere knowledge therefore is not enough. The aim of the teacher is to direct the children to Christ as their Saviour and Master, and to instruct them in religious knowledge, and it is chiefly with this latter aim that we have to do to-night. The three necessary characteristics pf successful teaching are that it must be systematic, varied, concentrated. The human mind is so framed that it longs and craves for some system of teaching, and men have formed for themselves numerous systems—most of them defective. The teaching of the Sunday School is chiefly fragmentary, but dryness and dulness must not be confounded with system. The young like change and it is wiser not to fight against fundamental tendencies but to accept and use them to best advant-. e : therefore make the realization of Christ to them as varied as possible. In the natural world we find that object becomes most realistic to us that appeals to more than one of our senses; anything that we can touch as well as see becomes more real. This is true of grown people, it is [especially true of young people, the teacher should therefore attack as many sides of the scholanas possible by presenting the truth, now in a picturesque manner, then historically, then biographically, then by anecdote, questions, <fec. But with all your variety there must be concentration. Things in the natural world can be approached in various ways,—a piece of ore for instance, can be sketched, drawn, painted, etched, it can then be crushed and smelted and altho' thus differently treated it is still the same piece of ore. Similarly therefore never lose sight of the great object of all the teaching but let it all concentrate in the great central figure of Christ. Where system, variety and concentration are absent the teacher is chargeable V^h neglect of some of the elements of success. Although great progress has been made in the manner of Sunday School teaching of late years, much remains to be done; they are still far behind the State Schools in the method and thoroughness of their training, and though we recognize fully the difficulties that beset the work of the Sunday School teacher and which are unknown to the Day School teacher, surely we might make a beginning at something better. Even if we cannot do all we feel should be done, Jet us do something. We see order in the world and in the teachings of history and shall we who are engaged in the most important of all work ignore the Divine law of order! The idea of the International series of lessons—that wherever the English language is spoken, on the same day, Sunday School children everywhere will be studying the same lesson,—is no doubt charming and while admitting some of its advantages and and helps I cannot see so much intrinsic value in its adoption as some of its ardent supporters. While no doubt the lessons selected are chosen by some wise method, the teaching is fragmentary anrt disjointed, and the lessons lose the organic relation with each other necessary if the references and appeals for the acceptance of Christ are to be efficient. The following suggestions are made with a view of directing thought and action, as we must recognize the spirit of the age and learn that unless we da move forward and improve our system and method we shall lose our hold on the young people of our time. For purposes of instruction, all Sunday Schools may be roughly divided into four grades • —(1) Infants. (2) Children up to 10 or 12 years. (3) Those from 12 to 15 or 16 years. (4) All those above the ages of 15 or 16. IN THE FIRST GRADE probably little change need be made in our present methods, unless it be by the introduction of a simple catechism say, of the life of Christ with plain and simple questions and answers. There should be also more learning by memory, by rote if you will, but it is of the - utmost importance to fix and store the memory in these early years with the simple truths of religion. IN THE SECOND GRADE tbe lessons should be divided into three branches:— 1st, Bible History, with fuller reference to the life of Christ and would include the Old and New Testaments. 2nd, Biblical Truth, the teaching respecting the Heavenly Father, the human family, Christ and His saving work, <fcc. 3rd, Scripture lessons. Illustrating, expanding, and enlarging the teaching of the passages read, and the questions of the catechism. There should be for this branch a Catechism carefully prepared, and its use would be invaluable. I know all the objections to Catechisms, and while I know them I cannot accept their validity; they are principally based on the way people used to teach the Catechism and do not apply to the Catechism itself. If you have not one here, surely the preparation of one by the various denominations, or by the Sunday School Union as representing them would be easily accomplished. I should like to. see a suitable Catechism introduced everywhere. IN THE THIRD GRADE the same lines should be worked upon as in number 2, but more thoroughly, and probably with the omission of learning the question and answer of the Catechism, simply because there might be a difficulty in getting the scholars to learn them. But I cannot emphasize too strongly that' all through the school the more you can get learnt by heart the better. There should be for this grade a table prepared showing the sections of Biblical History, the epochs, events, dates, &c.;, being arranged and clearly shown in chronological order, and the Doctrinal teachings of each Book. This table might be pasted inside the cover of tbe Bible and would be pf great assistance. The great truths of the Bible respecting Christ, God, man, sin, salvation, &c.;, should be expounded and enforced. , IN THE LAST GRADE being all those over the age of 15 or 16, a fair acquaintance of the Bible story and its truths may be considered tohave been already imparted. The system should then be something like the following:— 1st. An account of the authors, and the history of the various books of the Bible. 2nd. A summary of the contents and principal teachings of each book of the Bible. 3rd. Evidences of Christianity, speciallymeeting the current difficulties of the present time. 4th. An exposition of the Evangelical doctrines as opposed to the doctrines of the Church of Rome and the High Church; and of the authority and place of the Church. More must be done in this direction if our people are not to be led aside by the fascinations of the ritual and services of the High Church. 5th. In my opinion each denomination does well in this grade of the Sunday School to set forth its own special views as to Church order, discipline, &c.; Where this is not done from a false feeling of undenominationalism it tends in my opinion to impoverish rather than to enrich Christendom. These as I have said are only suggestions. Let Bie say here as well as anywhere else, that success in teaching depends upon the teacher, and that we must avoid the dullness, deadness, dry-as-dustness, that hitherto has been inseparable from sound religious instruction. In conclusion there are four things necessary. 1st. The preparation of the catechisms, sections, and tabulated doctrines as suggested. 2nd. All teachers must fully recognize the absolute necessity of a specific system of training in their teaching and a fuller and completer preparation of their lessons. 3rd. Teachers must concentrate their energies more on this work, we scatter over too wide a surface our thoughts and energies, we are always meddling and peddling with all things, we must be mora people of one idea and of one department of life, and give our best and our noblest to this work of teaching the young. 4th. We must have a higher idea of the importance of the work, must be more devoted to it and put more enthusiasm into it. This would come more naturally to us if our system of teaching were better, for it is a depressing and disheartening thing to work on, when we feel that our efforts are largely futile through being haphazard and fragmentary. Seventy thousand persons visited the Crystal Palace on Tuesday, the occasion being the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Salvation Army. Meetings began as early as seven o'clock, and continued until late in the evening. A tremendous reception was given to General Booth in the Central Transept. He read a message from Mrs. Booth, written from her sick chamber. " My place is empty," she wrote, " but my heart is with you, and you are my joy and my crown. Your battles, sufferings, and victories have been the chief interest in my life these past twenty-five years. They are so still. Go forward and live holy lives. Be true to the Army. Love and seek the lost. Bring them to the Blood, Make the people good. Inspire them with the spirit of Jesus Christ. Love one another; help your comrades in the dark hour. I am dying under the.army flag. It is yours to live and fightunder it. God is my salvation and refuge in the storm. I send you my love and blessing." General Booth then hoisted the new " Quarter Century " flag, bearing the motto, " The World for God," and it was " consecrated " with much pomp and ceremony. A great " Foreign Demonstration " was held in the Skating Rink. The Dutch contingent, some sixty .strong,, looked very picturesque in their brilliantly coloured national costumes, as did also a contingent from Sweden. India was represented by Commissioner Tucker and his wife, who were dressed in Hindoo fashion, with some half-dozen natives. Best'noted perhaps of all was the Canadian American party of officers now on their way as missionaries to the Hindoos. At noon the Concert Hall was crowded by the representatives from the various corps throughout Great Britain, and in fact, from all parts of the world, to hear the General's quarter century address,- which lasted exactly half an hour. He asserted most emphatically that there had been no departure from the original principles and practices of the army. There had been development, but there was the same simplicity and directness of teaching as when twenty-five years ago lie stood alone on the Mile-end waste and preached the Gospel to perishing men amongst the cheap-jacks and the coeoanut shies. Later on in the day came the " solemn assembly" in- the central transept. Fully 6,000 people were present. Mr. W. T. Stead, the Hon. and Hev. Canon Leigh, and half a dozen prominent Weslevan ministers were among the audience. In the evening there was a "march past" before the General, in which some 25,000 processionists took part. After this there was a. musical festival, 1,000 instrumentalists and 20,000- vocalists taking part. The New York World has been taking wliatis called a child census, with the following results:—300 families in the aristocratic quarter known as Fifth Avenue were found to contain only 91 children under ten years of age, and not, more than six children have been born in them within the last twelve months. The same number of families in the poor neighbourhood of Cherry Hill possessed 660 children under ten years of age, and the total number of children born within twelve months was 111. These startling figures are occasioning quite a sensation in the United States, as they serve to show that the .wives of men belonging to the wealthy class-" es are shirking maternity, while the poor are-, multiplying with the utinostrapidity. ' 