A NIGHT IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. OPPOSITE the residence of my friends the Gibsons stood a small frame dwelling, which was the terror of Beanville, for it was said to be haunted. A murder had been committed ten years before, and since then the poorest labourer in the county would not take the place for a present. Beggars had tried to live there, and failed to secure sufficient rest to live upon. Tramps had been known to olimb in at the windows, but they climed out of them before daylight. Not a dog would stay there. It was a genuine haunted house. And so, being down at my friends' for a visit, I resolved to investigate the matter, and declared that I would sleep there, at least one night—more, if necessary. " Well, Frank, you'll be sorry if you do, I assure you," said Mr. Gibson. " The house is haunted," said Mrs. Gibson. " Yes, sir—haunted," declared the friend of the family, who was smoking his cigar on the porch. " Sure and I saw the ghost myself, sir," said little Biddy, nursing the baby on the lower step. " Then I'm going to sleep there to-night," I declared. " I have always wanted to see a ghost." I stuck to my determination. I went to the little, empty house that night, and 1 carried thither a mattress, a blanket or so, and a revolver. It was a warm night in summer, and the little place was dry enough. I refused all company. _ " Ghosts never appear to large parties," I said. "If I need help I will fire my revolver out of the window. YouH hear that." And so, half scolding, half laughing, they let me have my way. At eleven o'clock I retired to my couch with a book and a kerosene lamp, and by midnight I had read myself to sleep. What awakened me I do not know, but I suddenly set up in bed with a sense of great discomfort upon me. The lamp was burning, my book lay where I had dropped it, but I had a feeling that something was in the room. " A trick is about to be played upon me," I thought, and I started to my feet. Of course I had not undressed, and holding my revolver in my hand, looked about me. I saw nothing, but I heard a queer sound. It was as though people were snapping their fingers all about me. I could associate the sound with nothing else. It was not a crackling or a ticking, it was a positive snapping sound. Yet some insect might have made it. That should not discompose me. At last, the sound ceased suddenly as it begun, and another took its place—a pattering as of bare feet walking about. They went in and out of the door, upstairs and down. I could have sworn tliut such feet were pattering all about me had I been blind; but the moon shone brightly, and I went from room to room with my lamp, and saw nothing. Returning to my room I lay down again, and now a low beating began. It was as though a stick had been struck upon the floor at intervals of two minutes. And suddenly a curious thing happened. All the bedclothes were drawn entirely off of me and tiirown into the corner of the room. Now for the first time I began to feel nervous. I sprang to my feet and rushed into the entry, thinking that some one must be concealed without the door, with some contrivance for twitching away the blankets; but the house was empty. I went downstairs. I peeped into closets, I explored the cellar, and I returned to my room. That was no longer empty. Upon my bed lay a man. ' . A- He vfas-'a Tough-looking fellow, dissir paled in appearance, and dressed in ragged clothes.. His feet were bare. By his side lay a thick stick. Hi6 eyes were open and turned_full upon me, • I looked at him a moment, and then burst -into a laugh as I levelled the revolver at his head. " So you're the ghost," I said. " Come— you shall have the bed for the rest of the night and a breakfast in the morning if you will tell me what your game is." The ruffian, seeing that I "had the drop on him," owed up that he was one of a gang of thieves who used the " haunted house " as a hiding-place. They frightened everybody away from it by their ghostplay, and it served their purposes welt _ I kept my promise to the vagabond as to his lodging and breakfast, and then told my friends, the Gibsons, of my discovery. They told the authorities, and from that time the little frame house was not haunted. 