No, 3JL5 SOUTH AUDLEY STREET., (VASTTT FATfe.) ? It was a charming little house, and it suited me exactly. My wif e said so ; ' auid as every- - thin g that pleases her pleases me, I said, so too; and we' took it furnished for twelve months from Lady-day. The landlord's name was Mr. de Rosay ; but we never saw him, as he had gone abroad. We only in tended to use the hoose for the season and for occasional visits when the country became dull, or when the frost stopped hunting. As a matter of fact, we lived in it for three-quarters of our term, and tried to take it on afterwards : but the owner was coming buck to live in it, and is living there at this moment. I have not been quite so certain during the past few weeks that I should like to return to it ; but my wife says that, except for an attack of indigestion and a consequent night mare, I never was sick or sorry in it, and that she -wishes to goodness we were back now, instead of in a Victoria street flat. .. I deny the indigestion, and question the night mare; but it is of no use. My wife would go to the Blankneys' ball on ths 5th of July in last year, and I would not. Everything- which pleases my -wife pleases me ; 'but exceptions prove the rule. So when, she said that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleased to go without me, and the rule was ag-aiu proved ; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her ; but eventually consoled myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of course I had to stand him supper in return, so we had a lobster salad and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden lane — I forget the names of those places now that I am married. The supper was excel lent, so was the burgundy ; and after a cigar I turned in about 1 o'clock, and fell asleep so quicldy that I had. hardly time to wonder how my wife was enjoying- herself, and to hope that she would not wake me ou her return. I must have been asleep for a couple ot nours wnen i was arouseu. uy u u^m m «jj eyes. Thinking th-.it it was ray wife, I jji-unted a remonstrance aaJ. prepared to turn over to my other side. I partly opened my eyes as I did eo, and, to my astonishment, saw a man in evening dress beudinjr over my bed with a candle in his hand. I was asleep on the left side of the bed, iu the position that I always occupy : and as the bed was a very wide one, I could not at first make out what be was doing-, as I was without my eyeglass. When, however, I had really got \a,y eyes open and ^~~A 4-^ +\m l^^r^l^ T f*rmli3 Rpp thsit he was paying no attention to me, but looking- at the sidn of the bed nearer to him— the side, in fact, usually occupied by my wife. Was that a sob: 1 turned my head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my -wife ? no ; the hair on the pillow was long and fair, and my wife is a brunette, _ and — between ourselves, this— some of her hair — — -. At all events, it was not my wife, but a fail woman quite unknown to me, who was lying half undressed outside of the bed. Ker eyes must have been half clofctl, for the man 'bent lower and held the candle close to her face as it to ro-.sse her. 'You are in pam, nwj; ciii:V,' he mm mured, in a very deep, but not disagreeable 1 tJLl^J, *-'- ? ..-..- In his lett hand the man held a wine-glass, ?with, some dark liquid iu it. The ?woman moaned faintly. 'You shall drink it.' lie said, in a slightly louder tone. Aud as he did so lie phioed the candlo on the foot of the bed. 'While moving, he threw the light more completely on his features, and I saw them clearly. He was a dark, aquiline-featurod man, distinctly of a Jewish type, with black hair and moustache, and -with the bLit-kost eyes that over I saw, and tbe hardest looki-jc. There _t,-m the least tonch of somelhinir v.iouir with the left eye — a cast, I suppose, Inii; a slight one — justeDOiisrh to j.rive :i siuirfor exjircssiou to the face ir. pciuo aspects of it. He returned with the wine srlass stillin his left hand, aud wish his right he clutched the woman's left v.-rist, and I could see his teoth clinch and the:uusole8 of his lean square jaw ! set themselvi*. She g-ave a little slu-ies of pain, but opened her hand, and then let her finders olose -~-u tbe st^m of the glass. «]}r:ak it o.ff,' ke said; ' ii is the sedative Sir William ordered ; a ?wonderful thing for neuralgia.' ' She raised ner head from the pillow and , put the glass to her lips. As she did so, I could, see tbe marks «a her wrist, where he had clutched it, 'change from -white to red. ' It is very strong,' she said, frnTring » .flip- - ... . /- ? ?.'..'?'' ' - . '£-ffi&iiiik; it down,' be said, still in his deep, ' ' ,?? genme voice ; aud puttiug bis arm round her neck he thrust his finger against her lips till she opened her mouth. His hnnd was on die bottom of the glass, and he tilted it fall it stood on end. She choked and coughed. ' Ton are as hard to dose as a dog,' ho 1 said, with a low, soft laugh. ' You will soon sleep now. Good- night, mon amie.' ' 's Then he iook up the light and walked to wards the doer, looking back as he did so I .with, a sort of smile on bis cruel, sallow, face, , and with the cast in his eye more apparent than ever. It was the sort of look that a man might have sls he; watched due result of an. interesting experiment-^, look full of quiet, choerful interest. I had been waiting then from second to second — the whole transaction hardly took a minuts — for one of them to notice me.. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, but a vague feeling kept me silent. Now that the m«s n was. actually leaving the room I shouted after him But, to my horror, I could not hear myself : and the man did not turn his head as he t*_ j closed the door after him'. . jflH Had I been suddenly struck with deafness, ^H be at least would have heard ; and I should ^ ^B not have been able to listen, as 3 was F 1 listening, to the heavy laboured breathing' -a of the woman lyiug beside me iu the pitchy darkness, ' or to be con scious' that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I wa8 able to spring up in bed with a yell of . horror ??? that re- ' sounded through the house, ctatbhxng in vain terror in the blackness, my hand facing first upon the head and- then upon the hand of the woman beside me. To my * astonishment, my hand was angrily grasped by little warm fingers, then flung bacfc.upon. the counterpane ;. while the voice bf my wife, sleepy, very cross, but unmistakably hers, asked what on earth. I meant by rousing her from her first sleep when she had shows such consideration in slipping into bed withou disturbing me. -.??'. . , ,.-.- I told her as well aslrauldf but neither then, nor during' the day which followed^ when I told the -whole story, moch as 1 have above, was any explanation which did. not include the buttered crab ' accepted ty- lux. In fact, she pooh-poohed and scoffed - at my , ghost story to Buch an extent that, though '? v the incident took place a - vearago, I have hardly ventured even to think of it since. , JBut the whole affair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two agt?, 'when Iwas at the office of my late landlord's solicitor, making some payments, which, by-the-bye, I ought to have made on giving up pos session' at Lady-day. I had remarked to him how sorry we -were to turn ; oul, and that he really might have aDpwed us to stay on for a fewY -weeks of the season, con ajdering that our landlord had ? tmlj umr .returned. ' t ' What sort of a man is Mr. de Bosay r I asked. ' He seems pretty .peremptory, from the only correspondence I havB had with , t . him.' .'?'*'.' _ ** Poor old Will !' said Mr. Tnkpen. ** He is not 6© bad as he makes himself out, and he , has had; a lot of trouble. However, he seems happy enough bow. - Xiook at his- photo graph !' And the solicitor, -who was filling up a receipt1 for my money, nodded towards a large envelope which lay on the table in front of him. . . : ? ' ' What sort oi trouble V I asked, think ing that,, at all events, Mr. de Bosky had not had to accompany his wife over- a hundred and odd furnished flats and houses ,in search of a roof to shelter him. 'Trouble !' ejaculated Mr. Inkpen. 'fWTry his young1 wife died when they had only beeu married a year.' I had been r-MiAing of my bachelor days, - but still I expressed a becoming sympathy for Mr. de Rosay. Mr- Inkpen, who is * very cheery specimen, of a lawyer^ — more like a family doctor than a *amiry solicitor— an on— . ? '.,''.'.'' '-',' ?' - '.'? 'Charming girl she -was, with- a -snug. . fortune. 3T5 South Audley street was hers, and she died, there two years ago.onSatur- ?- day next. You did not know your land lord was my couein? He used to wander about looking like a corpse; but since he has been abroad, like many people who seem heartbroken, he has married again.' ' IndeedT' I said, in an unnecessarily sur prised tone^ and wishing all the time that my thoughts would not travel quite so readily to my bachelor days. _ 'Yes, married a gTeat friend of his wife's — a clever girl, who, curiously eaough, was studying, medicine iu Louden at the time Marie was taken ill.' 'Indeed!' I said again. I was getting- a little tired of Mr. and Mrs. de Rosay; but Mr. Inkpen went on— -.-«' She used to help to nurse poor Marie, with the- greatest devotion ; fed her. mixed her drinks— everything, in fact. She gave - upher-studiesto'do so. Curious whit one -woman', will do for another, isn't it? Will is- half Spanish himself, and his firat wife wan French ; but this time he has married an English .girl, thank good-;' ness ! W-ell, well, if he is ever ill he will have a good nurse to look after him, and a very pretty one too. Look at her photo graphi1'' I drew.-from the envelope a cabinet picture of two persons standing side by side. At the pretty, features nf the bride 1 hardly glanced ; the man beside her was enough for me. There he stood, unmistakable— the dark hair and mous'.ache, the sinster smile, the curious look in the left eye ! I suppose L uttered some exclamation, for 3Ir. Inkpeu looked up, surprised :. 'What is the matter!'' he said, rather drily. ' Tou don't know her, do you ?' -? X«,' I said: ' but he is like someone I know.' Then, as I could hardly tell my story to a solicitor iWiil The cousin of the^man in question: ' Wliat did his first wife die V ery sau aiiair, up ans-werea. jjcuwikj ?woman . Headaches and nenra laria— you knO w the sort of thing ; took a lot of opiates. One night sue took an overdo«a of chloral or laudanum, or somethinir .it' the kind, and died while lie was in the :wxt room undress in1*-.1' 'Deai- me !' was all I could say. ' How sad:1' ' Sad r' ho echoed : *' Tt was only his iron nerves and constitution that enabled his reason to stand the shock. I had .i l«-t of -worrv, too. about the 'tn;.siness, trying- to get her insurance money for .weeks before they would pay it. We had to threaten an action, but they gave in. Or course, it *a not suicide.' 'No,'' I echoed ; ' of course it was no suicide. What date did you Kiy ?' 'It was Saturday next— the 3th of July, bless you !' said Mr. Lnkpen. nvideotiy gratified at having so visibly shocked me. 'We should h:ive b'jen nowhere, all the same, 'but for that girl, the present Mrs. de llosay. She knew of every drop th-it poor Mai ie took, aud could not stop her. Well, it's all ovFi- now, and de lloNty will spend the second Hnuivers:iry of his first wife's death in her house with a new bride. What n thing- it is to have iron nerves : jjou t you envy him ?'' ?* Xo,' I said, turning as I left the room ; ' upon ray soul I dou't !' 1 fanev'3Ir. Inkpsn stared a little as I left: I would' not pass to-niglit at 31.3 South Audley street, if I had the house rent-free for the rest of tbe season. No, upon my soul, I do not envy Mr. de Rosay to-night, nor hia wife either ! But perhaps she has irou neives, too. A good story is toll of a clever trk-k, bv means ot which some Russian .Tew.s have cheaV-:d the Custom-house. Simultaneously at two frontiers a very large case c-uno to hand, but was not claimed. After the regulation time lv.nl elapsed they wera opened, aud found to be gloves, and orderol to be sold by auction, according to law. A Jew, on looking at them, cried out they were all rigln-band gloves, aud of uo use to anyone. Consequently they went for next to netting, ami for far less than the tax would have amounted to. Xeedless to add that , the case at t)io or&er; fiontiur contained all loft, hand gloves, and, of oo'.wsej they were bought by a coufsJc-ntc. 