TUE PRIZE KINO Goddard v. Jacluon. Tue Barrier Champion Fights Game. Peter Nearly Knocked Ont Fight Declared a Draw. [Rv TKLKOHAPII.] From Our Own Corre*pon4ent. MiaHouiiitE, Tueklaj. Tho boxing match between Jackson and Goddard la nt night was declared . draw after eight rounds ; Mr. Miller, the referee, stating that, as both men had big reputations, he could not decide between them. Goddard forced the fighting from the beginning and got in several lightning body blows, while Jack- son nearly closed one of Goddard's eyes. Tho excitement rose very high when it became evident that Goddard had a very strong lead, and looked like winning. The fight which took place in Melbourne last night, and which it was expected would have resulted in a great victory for Peter Jackson, resulted in just the opposite, Goddard, the Broken Hill champion, knocking his opponent about as he liked. A man who was able to knock out all comers in America »nd England, and who was looked upon in certain circles as well-nigh invincible the black wonder of the age-has re- turned to Australia to find that in his first great match he is absolutely nowhere. Which, put in another way, proves that what America and England failed to do-t.e., knock out Peter Jackson Australian talent can. And when it is remembered that Goddard is a Broken Hill champion, the Barrier will be allowed to take the credit of sending along a man able to knock out the Goliath of a ring, in which Australia has un- doubtedly proved her claim to the strongest and most scientific fighting men the world has produced. So long as the brutality of the ring is kept in check, and men allowed to meet each other in friendly battle, there is nothing in the "noble art" to con- demn ; and as the struggle last night was undoubtedly within all this, the roost fastidious may feel satisfied, and in their heart of hearts glad into the bargain that the Australian colonies pro- duce such redoubtable champions of the ring as Jackson and Goddard have proved themselves to be. It was fully expected that the struggle which eventuated last night would hare left Jackson the winner, but strength ordained it otherwise with the result that "Peter the Great" met his match and failed in the contraot he had undertaken to knock God- dard out in eight rounds. Mel- bourne wires inform us that Jackson was completely done and Goddard as fresh as a lark, and that in the face "f this Miller, tho referee, declared tho match a draw-a manifestly unfair decision, seeing that the man who undertook to give the knockout almost received one instead. However, Jackson met his match in God- dard, and will no doubt go under badly when he stands up to Slavin, the nativo Australian, whose pugilistic science has placed him champion of the world. The articles between Peter Jackson and Joe Goddard were signed in Mel- bourne, at ". The.Sportsman" office, where it was agreed that the men should fight eight rounds for the sum of £400, of which £300 would go to tho winner and £100 to the loser. Public opinion soon had its little say after the articles had been signed, and though slightly ia favor of Peter, still a large section of the sporting community shook their heads wisely over the matter, and felt a bit doubtful whether Peter Jackson wouU do his man as easily as was thought. Jackson trained at Boadi, one of tho pretty watering places of Sydney. To win tho match ho undoubtedly workod hard under the hands of Sam Kitzpatrick, Rising as carly as 7 he would have a plunge in the surf-and those who live down Bondi know what a charming place it isfor thissortof thing-and then return to his breakfast. At about 10 he would start on a ten-mile walk-and considering the hilliness of tho country around Bondi, such a feat is remarkably gool-and then return to a second bath and a good rub down. After dinner he would put in 30 minutes punching the bag, have another rub down, have tea at six, and then turn in. Such was the course of training, with the result that when he left Sydney to meet Joe Goddard he was just about as fit as he could possibly be. Joe Goddard trained with his brotherin South Melbourne, with what result has been seen. Yesterday the day of the match he was as fit as could be, in the ruddiest of strong health. Both men were very confident of win- ning, although Goddard is credited with having said that he believed he might get bested in the eight rounds. He evidently did not underrate his opponent, and con- sidered that, if beaten, he (Goddard) would not be disgraced, since Jackson was a world-wide champion. tVe all know now who has turned out the better man. Goddard has undoubtedly lowered the crest of Peter Jackson, and though the referee declared the match a draw, everybody reading the account will agree that the Barrier champion did not come off second best. Goddard will not feel any less confident of whipping Dooley, with whom he is matched to fight early next month. Before his encounter with Jackson ho felt sure of being able to knock Dooley out in eight rounds at most, and now he must be certain ot* it. Goddard depends mostly on strength and natural talent As a boxer he has had no train- ing worth speaking of, and it has always been one of his boasts that he never had a lesson in his life. Jackson has to tackle a far more dangerous man, and bi« practi- cal defeat last night will not make him to confident of the issue. He will take a lot of training to do Frank Slavin ; and as tho latter looks upon Jackson's blows as lucre taps at the best, Peter will feel a bit melancholy in looking forward to his match with the great conqueror of M'Auliffo, the giant who was so fancied by Richard Fox. What the result be- tween Jackson and Goddart?, would be in a fight to a finish it would be hard to say, thought certainly if Peter should try and collapse in tho manner in which he col- lapsed last night he would not have a ghost of a show against the man who his sufficient strength to despise too much science-Joe Goddard._ 