The Haunted Husband; OR *' LADT CHETWTND'S SPECTEE. Bv Mns. Harriet LkwiS. CHAPTER XIX.— (f-m«KMrf.) THE I'l.DTTEItS ALL BDKV. It wap pnst four, oud the pray dawn was lircakinp, wlien he emerged from the chnrcli, wettried mid worn nnd pflle. Monk went on through the village nnd ascended the hill beyond. At the lowei pntc of the Fnrk he halted and let himself in, and lmrricd along tlio more obscure ]-ntliR toward the Iioufo. J [IP OIU UlltUUU -1IIII1HU -JilU »1IHIIL-M anil waited for him all theec liourf. She saw him enter the Tart, nnd one glance nt him assured her ihnt his 'other Imei ness ' hnd been accomplished. She arose from hiT crouching position and followed Mm Ptcnliliily hornewwd. ? Tie made a failure of it, after all,' the old woman muttered. ' His busincES lay in the village. It concerned iny lady in some way. But what, was it ? I'd Siko U- know Gilbert Monk's schemes, hot they nil hiuge on that girl. He seems to prc serve tier life; I mean to desirov it. ^liidi will win V The kilchen-mnids were astir, mid old Itagce, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no difficulty in slipping into the iiousc unseen, at the servants' entrance. She glided up to the. apartments of her inistrcs*, whom she fonnd sli epinp. Sin passed 011 (0 her own room and changed her gnrmrnls, and flung herself on her bed, dropping nslcrp. It nn6 some » here1 about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's Ij.'li summoned her. She wns a light sleeper, awakt-ning at a sonud or lou.-li, nnd noiv started nji broad awnke upon the instant. She folded her tnrhnu afresh, and h»Ktep.cd to the bed chamber of her mistress. Miss Monk was in bod, her head lying back npnu her pillows, a fretful expression on her swarthy fare. She was annoyed , . r. and cuiions, and she exclaimed petulantly : ' Why did yon not. sleep in my room last night »s n6ual, Ragec ? Why where yon not here to undress me ? I kept awake till near morning from sheer terror. 1 cnrinot be alone, and you know it.' Hague at once told her mistress tie Blory of her adventures during the night, Miss Monk listened in breathless ragei ness. ' Gillierl is (he lirad ami front of this apparition Inmim-ss,' said Sylvia at length. ' ' Aud yet nhy should he ask to ruin me 1 He rescued lier from her tomb. It's all plain to me nun-. And he lias some object in defending her. But what can it be ? He did not l,,vc her.' ' I c*u see into the mystery,' saiil the old Hindoo woman, her dusky fnce light ing. ' Tlic truth is he has discovered who she is. You know, Missy, she did not know her ruiri'iila--e. Gilbert has (onn-l out the secret, blie is of noble blood; cne can lull that by lur haughty air, her patrician boauty, her Ligli bicuJing. She looks like a princess, at the lens). I can see Gilbert's game now. He means to allow yon to marry my Inrd, and he will then restore my ]«dy to her ntvn friends and relatives, and featlur his mtn nest.' ' But what would then become of mo ? I should be no wile. I should he set adrift — ' Yes, Missy, lint, primps Mr. Gil bert wonld not permit things to go so fur. Perhaps he will nut allow von to marry my lord. Gilbert is a. sel«sh fellow and means to loul; out lor himself, aud he won't care what becomes of yon. 1 think lie brought my lady here to play ghost. I tbinfe he means to exact a good price from my lord aud from Lady Cbetwynd'6 relatives, and then restore her to them as Clio from the dead.' Miss Monk looked terrified. ' Wbut shall we do V she whispered. ' What tiall we do, Ragce ?' ' Leave it all to me. We mnst i:ol suffer Gilbert to suspect how much we luioir of iiU pliius. I will outwit him and destroy the girl. Leave it to tup, I say. My lady is ul Mrs. Growl's lodgings, »t Kasthonme. Yon must send mi: to Etist bonrue to-day, Missy, lo match some of yonr embroideries or trimmings, or sonu thinjzJ '13ut he will not keep her at East bourne, when- she i« known. He will tnke her lo London, ami conceal her there until he is reudy lo disclose the fact that she lives.' ' Then I'll go to London, ton, said the Hindoo, with u resolute glcnm in Lit eyes. 'I'll be more than a match for him.' Miss Moiifc put uside her chocolate, . taking a draught of stronger drink to 'steady her nerves.' Then aim allowed ' ? iierscW to be dressed in bur luxurinut ' Eastern style, and ut nine o'clock was ' ready for br.-ukfnst. Shu bade H.igee. await her rcimn lo her chamber, and de scended to the lueukfast-rooni. Lord Cliclivynd «as already there, and Gilbert Monk followed her immediately, looking somewhat haggard and wearied. Miss Monk was very amusing, with a forced guiety, but Chelwynd was un usually silent nnd abstracted. ? Anything I can do (or you in town, Sylvia V inquired Monk, carelessly, us lie received his second cup of coffee at the hands of the waiter. ' Have you anv cnmmaudK for jeweller, dressmaker, houf maker or milliner? I shall lie pleased 10. execute uiiy wisli ymi may untmain. I am going up in London to-night.' — ' Ah, indeed !' said Miss Monk. ? If you will louk in at jjonull uuj Jamc.'s, mid inquire when my opal bracelet will be .... ? finished, I i-liall be obliged. Shall yon be gotjo luu;; '!' ' A' -luy or so-- possibly a week. ''',. 6ci-tsby anil Newmaii expect me, uud ? tinniursH is business, you know.' ? r:;1 ? In Uie rurly cv.-uhig, immediately after iliiiiirr, GilU-ri l|..nk diove uvi-r to fc)ut liuiirue, and tu the Muii1.11. He uirixviUt ihc last uhmi.lii;, an I «u» i;.-.ln-u--l int., a first class compartment occupied by two | veiled Indies, of whom erne was Lady Cliot wynd and the other Mrs. Crowl. Tlio train had begun to move, when the door of the second-clnss compartment ad- j joining was hnrriedly opened by the gonrd, I and a bent old woman, with a painted white fnce, gray hair, a frilled enp, and a huge Seattle bonnet, was pushed in, and the door hastily shut upon her. This old woman was Kagee, the Hindoo ! And thus, environed by her enemies, yonng Lady Chetwynd journeyed up lo London. CHAPTER XX. IS A 6TATE OF UNCERTAINTY. On arriving nt the London Bridge Icnninns. Gilbert Monk alighted iroui the first-class coach he had occupied with yonng Lady Chetwynd ond Mrs. Crowl on the journey up from Easthonrne, and raising his hat to them as to utter strangers, he crossed the platform and en tered a hnndsom cab, bidding the driver convey him to Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. Flack appeared from a second class coach near at hand, and escorted Lady Chetwynd nnd Mrs. Crowl to a four wheeled cab, assisted them into the vehicle, mounted I he hox with the driver, and gave came order Monk hnd given — Haskeil's Family Hotel, PiccndiHy. An 'old bent woman— the Hindoo ayah cleverly disguised — had Appeared from the second-elnss carriage adjoining the com partment ocenpied by Lady Chetwynd, and heard the orders of Monk and Flack, and now entered a cab nnd gave precisely the same order they had given — Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. In the ronrsc of on hour thereafter the three several parties were comfortably quartered in the quiet family hotel they had designated. The hour was late, and Gilbert Monk did not see Bernico again that evening. The Hindoo woman regis tered » false nnnie, and ascertained that Lady Chetwynd was registered as Miss Gwyn ol Carnarvon. This discovery afforded tlie ayah fond for thought and speculation throughout the. reminder of that night. The next morning after eating a solitary breakfast in the cofiee-room of the hotel, Gilbert Monk ordered a cab, and went up to Ludy Clietvrynd's private parlor. He fonnd her lying upon a conch near the window, with her hair nncnufincd, her face pule, and wearing an expression of physi cal suffering. Her white brows were con Iracled in pain, and she was manifestly unable to travel. Monk gave a start of dismay. ' Wh&t; is to he done ? ' he asked in a lone of perplexity. ' Shall I send for a physician ?* ' She needs a day of rest, with warmth and stimulating food,' said Mrs. Crawl. ' I can treat her as well as a physician conld, Mr. Monk. I'll have her ready to start for Wales in a day or two.' Monk reluctantly went out and dis missed his cab, an^ announced at the office that he should prolong his slay a day nr two further. He then' returned to Lady Clielwynd's parlor with a parcel of morning papers, resolved upon making the best «.f a bad situation. He fonnd Mrs. Crowl concocting an egc-nog for the benefit or her patent. Bemice drank the preparation meekly, and presently dropped asleep. Mrs. Crowl pushed the arm-chair to the hearth, in convenient proximity lo the chair ocenpied by Monk, aud seated her self, her glances fixed upon the beautiful sleeper. ' How lovely she is ?' the woman whis pered. ' She is superbly, radiantly beanli 1 11I. And she is so frank, so honest, so ger.tle, so unsuspicious of harm 1 She is a real lady through and through. 1 should like to live with htr always, Mr, Monk. I wonder how you can have seen her grow beautiful under your very eyes, and become accomplished and fit to adorn the Queen's drawing-room, and jot not full in love with her!' Monk's paper fell to his knees, and his swarthy fm-c flushed with the conscious ness of a ueAv anil suddenly conceived pas sion for liernice. Mrs. Crowl read his flush nnd agitation arizht. She looked anm-d, then pleased. ' Why, 1 never have suspected that you love Miss Gwyn,' she exclaimed. 'It's something new even to yon, I know, Mr. Monk. I am delighted sir, and I hope lhat if yon win her you will alluw me to remain with her always. I bhould ask no thing helti-r than live with Miss Gwvu all my life.' ' I do not know what Miss Gwyn will sny lo a marriage with me,' said Monk, lli..ujjli1f.iU_v. ? She likes uic and trusts me, that 1 know. She trusts you also, and yon might drop a word now and then iibuut my devotion to her, and prepare her tn receive favorably, in good time, a pro posal of marriage from me. If she marries me, Mrs. Urowl, yon shall be her la-ly housekeeper, at a handsome salary, as long as you live. Mrs. Ciowl's eyes spnrkicd with delight. ' 1 advise you lo let her know that you love her, sir,' she whispered. ' Give her something else to think of besides old troubles. Take my word for it, she'll frel fluttered and pleased, and she'll soon get n»ei lo lb« iden and like «t. feho loves yon now as a sister ; its only a step further to love you us your bride.' Honk's perceptions and intuitions not liciug -us the finest, he was gluil to occepl his confederate's estimate of ISemii/e, awl to act upon it. He resolved that he wonld do nothing to lessen Bvrnicc's trust in him, (ml thnt he would delicately intimate lo her, at the first suitable opportunity, that although Lord Chetwyud had for gotten her, there was one still who adored lur, and woiilil devote his life tc her if ..lie would permit him. The opportunity he desired did not occur bef.ire evemujr, when, after eating his dinner in the colTce-room, Monk re lumed lo L:uly Chclwynd's iwrlur. Tin) gas was lighted here, andilie curtains were drawn. The fire liurnefl cheerily on the hearth, and before it sal Bernice, utill pale, lint with a brighter look on her proud dark face. She looked stronger, too, than in the morning, and greeted Monk with a 6mile. He was delighted at the change in her, and sat down near her, his face beaming. ' I feared that yon had retired,' he said, ' but you are almost well ngoiii, Bernice. Mrs. Crowl is a physician as well as a nurse. I am persuaded that you will be able to continue your journey in the morn ing.' Mrs. Urowl appeared from the inner room, attired (or the street. ' I suppose we are to go on to the castle to-morrow, Mr. Monk,' she said, ' and I have a few purchases to make in town, so I must make them to-night. Miss Gwyn was not so weak as I feared. Her wrist is belter, all the inflamation being gone from it, and she is quite able to travel. I shall be buck in an hour, having only to go into Oxford street, if Miss Gwyn will kindly allow me.' Bernice gave assent, and Mrs. Crowl departed. And now has come the opportunity Monk hnd craved, in which to tell Bernice his Ince for her. But how was he to do it? While lie hesitated in what manner to liegin his intended communication, Bernice broke the silence. 1 Gilbert,' 6he said, hesitatingly. ' I've been thinking to day, during my few waking hours, of how strangely I am situated. You toll me that, having ap parently died, and having actually been buried, I have ceased lo be Lord Cliet wyud's wife. You have, been kind to me, Glliiert. Yon have saved my life twice ; you have given me rare opportunities for improvement, and have lieeu a noble brother to me. Koy will marry Sylvia soon, and I am left ntterly nlnne, with no future to look forward to. I can never hope to re ward yen for yonr goodness to me. I am a helplesB burden npon you, and I know that you are pnor. I cannot consent to be a burden to you any longer.' ' What do yon propose doing V ' I hnve no further interest in England. I want to go somewhere wliere. I have at least s shadow of a claim upon some one. It is April, Gilbert, and ships can visit St. KiMa. I want yon, as a last favor to me, to procure me passage to my old island home. Monk's face grew sober, eren to sad ness. ' You have no home at St. Kilda now, Bernico,' he said. ' I don't know how to tell you, hut it is belter to say the truth at once. Mr. and Mrs. Gwellau were both drowned at sea last month, on a voyage from St. Kilda to Glasgow. It was in all the papers — a sad affair — ' He paused, affrighted at the dead white ness of the girl's face, and at the wild look in her great brown eyes. ' Dead !' she said. ' Drowned ?' ' Yes, Bemice. It was a terrible acci dent. The boat — a fishing craft — went down in a gale, with all on beard.' ' Dead ! — drowned !' repented the low, piteous voice, with its wild strain of incre dulity. ' Dead I Oh, Heaven !' The girl covered her face wjih her hands, and was motionless and dumbiii her great horror and despnir. Monk did not dnretn hrenk the silence. He had expected tears and monns, and was awe-struck and fright ened at the manner in which Bemice bad receive the fatal news. The slow minntes wore on. Bernice lifted her head at last, and turned toward him her white, anguished face, and her eyes full of brooding horror. She had shed no tears, and Monk trembled as he looked upon a griff so mute, so terrible. ' They are all gone now,' she said, in her broken voice— all gone ! Poor father and mother ! They arc happy in heaven. It is better bo. 1 would not have them back.1 ' Mr. Gwellan was afflicted with heart disease, and wae on Mr way to Scotland to consult a physician,' said Monk, sooth ingly. ' He conld not have lived mnch longer, at the best. They have sent out a new minister to Si. KiMa, aud you inay find no place tliere.' ' Is there a place anywhere for me ?' asked Bernice, brokenly. ' I have no right to any mime, no home anywhere. £ am only a dependent upon you. I did not mind thnt, Gilbert, when I expected to go hack to Hoy and to have means to rep»y yon, at least for the money yon Imve ex pended on me so generously ; but now ! I cannot be depondput longer. II I have ceased lo be IioyV wii'e, 1 hiire ceased to be yonr sister. I shall no longer be a dead weight upon yon.' ' My poor little Berniee ! What can I say lo yon ? You are no dependent upon mi-. I freely (rive yon all I have. I loved yon as a brother ironi the moment I saw yon. It was that brotherly love that took me to your tomb for a last look npon yonr face. It was that love that made me refuse to believe yon dead, even when Chetwynd had caused you to be put, as he snpoosed, for ever out of his sight. During these past fifteen months 1 have watched the unfolding of yonrbeanty with tenderer affection still. And now, Bernice, I lore yon with all my heart and soul. Come to me, Bprnicc. Yon are not alone while 1 live. Come to me| Tny darling. Be my wife, and let me devote my duys to the task of making you hnppy.' He held out his arms to her, but she shrank from him, trembling like a leaf. 'And yon, also!' she whispered. 'I have lust iny last friend. Ah, now I am indeed alone !' I do. not tinderstand yon, Bemice.' ' My friend is transformed into a lover,1 said Bernice, sorrowlully, 'and 1 have lost my friend.' ' But you have guiued for more than you have lost, B«ruicc,' said Monk, gently, yet urgently. 'You have gained suaie one 10 share yonr sorrows, In minister to you, to rejoice with you in your jovs, lo weep when you wep ; some, ouo lo whom the world is brighter because you live in it; someone who, for yonr sake, strives every day to be. a better and nobler man.1 Oh, Gilbert ! Don't talk to me like this ! LAll I have left is my self-respect, and $)at I must maintain. To be per fectly frank with yon, my French gover ness has repeatedly asked me what re lationship I bear to you, and has often told me that, if t were not your relative, nor a yonng lady of fortune under your guardianship, I ought to leave your pro tection, for my very name's sake. Anil so, Gilbert, I am not going back lo Mawr Castle. I want you to crown nil your obligations to me by letting me remain here at this hotel with Mrn. Crowl, nnlil yon en 11 proenre for me a suitable situation.' '' You are surely wild, Bernice. I shall not consent to this absurd scheme of self support. If yon will !iot be my wife, you shall be ray sister and ward, but I shall not let yon go from me. In time, I know 1 shall win yon to be my wife.' He arose, took her hand snd felt her pulse. It was throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. He feared lo excite her by further disenssion, and to strengthen her in them. After a few remarks, there fore, on indifferent subjects, and un cx presRion of sympathy in her bereavement of her foster-parents, Monk took his departure. He closed the door behind him softly, and went down stairs and out into the street, half angry with himself for having broached the subject of his love until after Sylvia's marriage to Lord Chetwyud. On Bernice being left to herself, her thoughts reverted to her foster-parents, and the tears that had refused to fall be fore fell now in a heavy rain. The violence of her grief soon exhausted her. Pale, ami with short sobbing breaths the lay back in her chair like a flower nearly beaten out of life by some fearful storm ; and as she lay there the d.ior softly opened, and an old woman in the rnsty alpaca gown, a scuttle honnei, and si heavy black lace veil over her face, slowly and silently entered the room, closing the door behind her. It was the Hindoo ayah. The old East Indian ayah's, disguise was perfect, and Bernice conld not have detected under it her mortal enemy. It must have been, then, some subtle instinct that warned young Lady Chetwynd of the near presence of danger. She rose np Rnifily and silently and retreated Inward the door of her bedroom adjoining, her big brown ryes dilating, and her white lace, nnder all its calm bravery, indicating a quick, spasmodic terror. ' This is a private room, madam,' she said, with a gesture toward the door, en deavoring to epeak qoielly. The disguised ayah came a pace nearer. Something in her stealthy movement, like the springing step of a tiger, reminded ? Bemice of the Hindoo woman, ant she knew her under her disguise. The young marchioness made a further retreat. ' If yon do not withdraw immediately,' said her ladyship, ' I shall ring this bell.' Tlie ayah fnniMed in her pocket and drew forth a soiled scrap of paper, on which some words were written. Then she moved toward youug Lady Cbctwynd, extending the paper ss 6he did go ; and Bernice's sharpened vision caught the gleam of a glass vial in tlie woman's hand. The yonng cirl had eoncmtd an snful terror of the stealthy Hindoo. She knew that ihe woman had followed her up to London with intent to kill her; and un the moment, as the woman thus approached her with the Mtendeii document, Ihe girl sprang back into her own room, and cl'fced the door and bolted it, iu a panic of affright. The act annonnred to the Hindoo ?yah that her identity was discovered, and thai nothing remained for tier hut retreat. She made Ihe retreat immediately, slipping buck to her own ,room, and leaving her door ajar. 'She had barely dins hidden herself, when she beard a rnstling sound in the corridor, and beheld from the gloom of tier darkened room the powerful figure of Mrs. Crowl, as that person, laden with parcels, passed into Lady Clielwynd's parlor. lieruicc liail told. Jlrn, Crowl .of lier sinister visitor, lint both supposed that ihe Hindoo woman had quitted the botiRC, mid they diil not consider it (rise to raise a futile alarm. The various excitements of the crening had altogether proved too mnch for Bur nicc to endure calmly, and she went to her lied. Mrs. Crowl sat op to acquaint Monk with the fact of the Hindoo woman's visit. Gilbert Monk was passing the door on his. nay to his own roam about ten o'clock, I when Mrs. Crowl, recognising his step, went out and called him into Lady Chet wynd '« parlor. She told him of Rngct'K visit, and lie listened in horror uud amazement. To he continued.) 