THE -:i THE ROVER'S SECRET A TALE OF THE TIRATE CAYS AND LAGOONS OF CUBA By HARRY COLLING WOOD, Author of " The Log of the Flying Tiah," "The Pirate Island,1' "The Congo Rovers," " Under the Meteor Flag," etc. CHAPTER XVII. — Tee Conquest of the Conconil Lagoons. A very sliort time, Borne three minutes or bo, sufficed "to carry us through the channel into the lagoon, which, once reached, away we' Went for the back of the island,' under the friendly cover of which we hoped to reach un- discovered within about a cable s length of . our foe. Half a dozen strokes of the oars sufficed to carry our little flotilla across "the narrow strip cf water, during the traversing of which there was a possibility of our prema ture discovery; and whilst we were dash ing across this open space, I made the best possible use of my eyes- to take in the position ' of affairs. I was enabled to not9 the situa tions of the three feluccas, which were lying at anchor about a. mile distant, and we could see men moving about the decks of each, but there was no movement or sound on board either that vre could discern indicative of our presence being observed. I was earnestly hoping and praying that the eyes and the whole attention of the pirates would be turned in the opposite direction from whence they doubtless expected us to make our appearance, and we subsequently learned tha t such wah actually the case. The moment we were fairly under cover of the island I ordered the men to ease up on their oars, iu order that they might husband _ their, strength as much as possible for the final dash and the ensuing struggle, which I could see would be a severe one, and waving Courtenay to range alongside, the next few minutes were devoted to a final settlement of the plan of attack. I had observe! that the two small feluccas were lying inside the larger one, all three of the craft being nearly in a straight line ; and it was arranged that our three boats should, on emerging from the shelter of the island, make a dash at the nearest, as if about to board her, Courtenay making for the lardboard side of the vessel, whilst Fidd and I made a feint of attacking on the starboard side. The hulk of the crew we considered would uaturally, seeing this, muster on the starboard aide to oppose the strongest division of the attacking force, thus leaving the larboard side but weakly defended, and so ren dering it a tolerably easy matter for Courtenay and his boats crew to gain a footing upon her deck. Haying thus given the gigs what aid we could, the launch and quarter-boat were to pass on and make for the- large felucca, leaving Courtenay to gain possession pf the first vessel j attacked, to secure her crew, andtoen to further act according to his own discretion. Shortly after the completion of these arrange ments we fou d hit'vre were getting into close proximity with our foes, the masts of the feluc cas opening out simultaneously from behind a high bluff, and showing over a sloping spur or point of the island between them and ourselves. We accordingly got the boats into line, the men braced themselves for a dash, and in another minuto or two the boats were unmasked by rounding the point. Even then we managed to get a length or two nearer the vessels before we were discovered, for I had given the strictest injunctions to the men not to cheer until we heard from the feluccas, but the roll of the oars in their rowlocks at length betrayed us, as was announced by a shout of unmistakable dismay from the nearest felucca, immediately . suc ceeded by a tremendous amount of confusion and bustle on board. Then, indeed, our lads did cheer once, with an enthusiasm which most have been eminently disconcerting to the ehemy, after which they laid down to their oars in." a style which. I must confess, fairly astonished me. We went through the water like race horses over the ground, dashing alonside the first felucca in so short a time that her crew were unable to train their guns upon us, and so greeted us only with a confused volley of mus ketry which hurt nobody. As we swerved away from her, and headed for the large craft a couple of cable' s-lengths distant, I caught sight of Courtenay's head and shoulders over the bulwarks,- showing that he, gallant fellow, had already gained a footing on her deck; and a few seconds later, amid the clash of steel and the popping of pistols, another British cheer told us that the gigs were all hard at it, and evidently gaining the advantage. The crews of the other two feluccas now began to haul on their springs, in order that their broadsides might be brought to bear upon us, but we were too quick for them both as it happened ; the second small craft could not be got round smartly enough to do us any harm, and as iGr the big one, in their hurry to anni hilate U3, her crew fired too high, and their whole broadside whizzed harmlessly over -our heads. We replied effectively with our six- pounder, which was loaded with round and grape, and pointed eo high that we were enabled to fire within three fathoms of the felucca's side, and' before the smoke had cleared away we were alongside, Fidd tack ling them on the larboard side, whilst we in the launch attacked on the starboard It was well for us that we had had the fore thought to bring the gun with us, for the deck of the vessel we were now attacking was crowded with men, so crowded, indeed, that the bul warks were closely lined on each side to oppose us, whilst others were seen behind the first line all "ready to -support their comrades, and but for the confusion created by the timely discharge of our piece, not, one of us could possibly nave lived to reach her deck. As it was, I slightly altered my plans at the last moment, for r seeing that the pirates had mustered strongly in the waist, evidently expecting us to board there, I gave orders for the launch to be allowed to shoot along the vessel's side »nHl we reached her bows, where there were fewer men Ito oppose us. It proved to be a happy\ inspira tion, for whilst we were busy forcing" our way in over the felucca's low rail, several cold shot were hove over her side amidships, evidently with the intention of sinking the boat, but being where we were, they of course all missed and splashed liarmlessly into the water. . Poor Fidd was less fortunate than ourselves, his boat being stove the instant she ran alongside, and for a -few minutes he and his crew were In a' pretty pickle, hanging on to the bulwarks and channels, and wherever they could gain ahold, vainly thriving to force their way inboard. In deed, for that. matter, none of us were over- comfortably situated, our party being , out numbered in the proportion of fully four -to one, with, the further disadvantage that we were the bulwarks, whilst our opponents were inside, and with a firm spacious deck to stand upon. It was perceptible At a glance that the case was one wherein a prompt and bold -dash was necessary, for unless we could succeed in establishing a footing at the first rush, the chances were that we should fail altogether. I therefore hastily called to my men to reserve their pistol-fire until thej were sure of their .: mark, and, placing my cutlass between my teeth and whipping a pistol from my belt, sprang for the bulwarks the instant we touched. A great brawny fellow, whose ferocious visage I well remembered having seen among those of the drunken party who boarded the Pinta, instantly stepped forward with an upraised axe to oppose me, but I was fortunate enough to send a bullet crashing through his brain ere the weapon descended, and as he staggered and fell backwards on the deck I leapt in over the rail and gained the spot which he had occupied. A dozen opponents at once closed in upon me, but my second pistol accounted for one ; another lost his weapon and his light hand together by the first stroke of my cutlass ; and by that time anoat of the launches had gained a -footing cn the deck, so that we began to make our presence felt. About this time, too,. Fidd, with three or four of his best men, were' on the right side cf the bulwarks ; and in another minute the entire party, or at least all those who were not killed or desperately wounded, were pu the felucca's deck, and setting dOwh't© their work in grim earnest. And now ensued, a hand-to-hand en counter of as desperate .and sanguinary a character as it has everbeenrny fortune to wit ness, our tars on the one baud realising that if we were vanquished very few-of us woald ever be allowed to escape alive from the lagoon, whilst the pirates, of course, knew only too well that they were fighting with halters round their necks. F or fully a quarter of an hour was the. hellish conflict waged njion the deck of £Le jfelucca, our lads now gaining "a yard or two, and anon being driven back by -sheer force of numbers- until our hacks were pressed against the rail, and further retreat, unless over the side, became impossible. And all the while the air was full of the gleam and clash of ateel, the crack of pistol and musket, the tramp of feet, the heavy breathing of the combatants, with their' muttered execrations and -ejaculations, the sharp cries of the newly-wounded-, and the groans' end moans-of those who were already down, and whose lives were being trampled out of them fir the press andstrete of the strlfe. And, oh 1 the sickening odour of blood which tainted the hot, still atmosphere, and assailed our nostrils with every gasping breath wedrew ! The deck planking Was slippery withtheean- guinary flood, the" bulwarks were splashed with it, our hands, faces, and clothing were be spattered with it, the scuppers were Sowing with it, for a time it almost seemed tobe raining blood ! Faugh i the very memory of that dreadful scene is sickening ; let us Say no more about it' but pass On. At length bur lads — that is to say the launches and quarter-boat's crews — managed to get the pirates" fetiiiy jammed in between them, and then the very numbers of our foes were in our favour, for, huddled together as they were in the waist, not half of them could find room enough to strike an effective blow. Moreover, it became pretty evident that they had had enough of it, and were beginning to lose heart ; instead of pressing eagerly to the front to meet ns, as at first, each man now seemed anxious only to retire in the centre of the crowd, leaving to somebody else the glory of carrying on the defence. Seeing this, I rallied the launches, and with them made a final and desperate charge into the thickest of the enemy, when the rout of the latter at once became complete, some of them flinging away their weapons and leaping overboard, whilst others tore up the hatches and sprang headlong into the hold. Example of this kind is always contagious : if one gives way, another does the same, and is immediately imitated by a third, and so it was in the present case ; the panic instantly spread, and before we well knew What was happening the two boats' crews bad joined forces, our enemies had vanished, and victory ' was ours. . - The cheer raised by the victors was imme diately responded to from the second pf the ama.ll feluccas, which we now had time to notice ; had, like the first, been boarded and -carried by Cpurtenay and his jgallant little band... My - dashing shipmate had, it seemed, on capturing, his first prize, promptly clapped her. crew under hatches, after which he immediately cut her cables, loosed her canvas, and ran her on board her consort, by which piece of skilful general ship he was enabled to board his enemy upon equal terms, instead of having to clamber in over her bulwarks from the boat. He was just securing his second batch of prisoners, pre paratory to bearing down to lend ns a helping hand, when our cheer of victory announced to him that his assistance was ho longer neces sary. We now set to work to clap, the whole of our prisoners in irons, a task in the execution of which I anticipated a considerable amount of.. , difficulty ; but, fortunately for us, tliey seemed to. have had quite as much fighting £bey cared for, and therefore submitted With, a tolerably good grace — or, perhaps, L ougit rather to say with the apathy of fully conscious of the fact that further re sistance was utterly unavailing. This task , completed, and the whole of the captured pirates transferred to the hold of the big felucca,— round the open hatchway of which four of her brass nine-pounders were ranged, loaded with Jangridge, within view of oar pri soners, and their muzzles depressed so thakthey , pointed right down into the interior of "the hold : —our next business was to land a party for the purpose of securing whatever booty could be found, and afterwards to destroy the various buildings and stores of the deptit. , As yefc-we had detected no sign of life anywhere on Bhore ; the pirates seemed, one and all, to have betaken themselves to their craft, appa rently confident of their ability with them to achieve an easy victory over" us in the, to . them, unlikely event of our forcing a passage through the various obstructions which they had prepared for us at different parts of the channel; but notwithstanding this apparent absence of foeB on shore, I deemed it best to send a very strong party, fully armed, of course, under Courtenay's command. The entire force of the expedition, with the excep tion of six hands which I retained onboard our biggest prize to keep an eye to the pri soners, was accordingly seat away in the launch— now, unhappily," in consequence of our -numerous casualties, of ample capacity to accommodate the men composing it— and ten niinutes later we who were left behind had the satisfaction of witnessing its unopposed land ing. The launch, with two boat-keepers in her, was shoved off a few fathoms from the beach, and the remainder of the party led by Ooux-tenay, headed- at once for the "buildings which ciowued the highest spot in the little island. They reached their destination unmolested, broke up into "parties which entered the various buildings, audj after ail- interval of some twenty iqinutes, reappeared, each man loaded with evi dently as much as he could carry. The spoil — or whatever it was — was piled updntoe sandy, beach, Close "to. the water's edge ; and asecond journey to the buildings then followed. Three of these journeys in all were made, and at the conclusion of the third the launch was hailed to run in and commence taking cargo. That the articles shipped were tolerably weighty was evident from the fact that the boat repeatedly needed to be pushed further and still further astern to keep her afloat, and from the rapiditv with which she settled down in the water, "it was no very long job to transfer the goods from beach to boat; after which the men who had been doing the work scrambled on board and took their places, the water reaching above their waists as they waded off to her. A shrillsigual whistle was then given from the boat ; a look out on the summit of the hill answered it with a wave of the hand and then disappeared through the door of the principal building. A pause of a minute or two followed, when a little party of four, Courtenay being one of them, emerged from the various buildiugs and set off down the hill. By the time that they reached the launch thin wreaths of light bluish smoke were seen issuing from the buildings they had iusfc left ; and by the time the launch had arrived once more alongside the felucca the smoke had assumed a darker hue, had increased in volume and density, and was seen to be streaked here and there with flickering tongues of flame. " Well," said I, as Courtenay clambered in over the low bulwarks of the felucca, " you met with no resistance, I was glad to see, and you appear to have taken pretty effectual measures - for the destruction of the hornet's nest yonder. Did you see no sign of anybody about tnere ? " No sign whatever," "was the reply. " We could see all over the place from the top of the hill, and I do not behave there is a living creature of any description on the island. If there is, it will be so much the worse for them half an hour hence, about which time some thing very like an eartfiguake will take place, for I have lighted a slow match communicating with a magazine containing about three tons of powder In 'bulk, to say nothing of perhaps a couple of thousand cartridges.. The buildings ate all effectually fired, as yon may see ; and we have brought off a boat-load of plunder which, from its weight,! judge must consist largely of specie, the doubloons, doubtless, of which our friend Carera discoursed so eloquently. Now what is the next thing to be done ? il "Why," said I, "I think you had better take the wounded into the launch, and proceed with her, just as she is, as quickly as possible to the schooner. Turn the wounded over to Sanderson, stow yenr booty in the hold, hoist in the launch, and then make sail for -the month of the lagoon, where I hope to fall in with you in the felucca, I shall only be able to spare you six hands to pull the boat, but that - will not : greatly matter, as I think you are not likely to be interfered with during your passage to the schooner; and I do not wish to atari short- handed, as we may possibly have a little more fjhtiiig to do on our way down the lagoon. Is ow, hurry away as fast as you rait, please ; these two small craft which you ;so gallantly " took are not worth the trouble of carrying away ; I shall therefore fire .them and then get under way forthwith." f . The painful task of moving the wounded was then undertaken ; and it was most distressing to see fiow severe our loss had' been. Out of a total of thirty- six, all told, which- had left the schooner in the boats, five only had escaped un injured — Courtenay and J had both been hurt, though nothing -to speak off — nine were killed, and thirteen so severely pounded as to be unfit for duty. Having at length seen the launch fairly under weigh for the schooner, I sent Fidd away with four hands in the gig to fire our two smaller prizes — a task which was soon accomplished, as the vessels were lying alongside each other. The felucca's canvas was then loosed, her anchor was roused up to her hows, and we got -under weigh. "We had not proceeded further than a couple of miles down the lagoon before — as I had quite expected — we came upon a battery con structed upon a projecting spit ; which battery, had we been passing up instead of down the lagoon, could nave raked ns fore and aft for at least twenty minutes, and peppered us with grape for another ten, without our being able to fire a single shot inretuni. This battery was a hastily constructed affair ofsods, andrtmounted only one gun, but that gun wusa longeighteen ; and had we removed the chain barrier which formed the first obstruction, and persevered in our original attempt to pass up the lagoon, there can be no doubt that this gun wouldhave destroyed the schooner and all hands. The people who manned the battery could not possibly have failed to hear the firing that had been going on at the head of the lagoon ; bat they seemed to have failed to comphrehend its full significance, and, therefore, to have been unable to make up tkeir minds to due the gun round and point it in the opposite direction. This state of indecision on their part not only enabledus to approach them with impunity but also to take them in flank; and a couple of rounds of grape from the felucca eo- astonished and demoralised them ihat those who were: pot , killed or disabled by our lire incoiiliueiifcly abandoned the battery and sought safety fi flight to :the deepest recesses of the bush which lined the shore. Fidd, with a dozen hands, then jumped into the schooner's gig,, which had been towing astern of the felucca, and shoved off with the . object of destroying the battery; and we now : had another specimen of the ability with which the defences of the lagoon', had. been' plarmwl / for, on approaching the battery, it was foiind to be bordered on three ddGsty s bank of ooze, some ten fathoms broad, which ooze proved to be of such a consistency that, whilst it was much too liquid ond too deep to permit of a man Wading through it, it wasat the «btoa tons . so thick as to render the passage of a host throughit almost impossible. It took the . crew of the gig more than twenty minutes to force the boat through . this -semi-liquid nw- jhey exerting themselves to the utmost, meanwhile ; so that, had toe schooner, in passing up the lagoon, managed to survive toe fire of the gun, i any attempt to storm the battery with the aid of boats must have resulted in irretrievable dis aster. However, Fidd and Ms bluejackets managed to reach terra Jirma eventually; and it was thai the Work pf only a few minutes to capsize the gun and all its appurtenances over the edge the bank into toe ooze, where toe whole was instantly swallowed up. __ Meanwhile, the felucca; -slowly drifting down the lagoon, encountered — at a distance of soroe fifty fathoms below toe battery — another obstacle, in tlie shape of asecond chain, similar to toe former, stretched across the channel, which rendered oar further progress impossible until the barrier had been removed. This— there being nobody to interfere with our actions — was scon dons ; and we then passed on, meeting with no further . obstruction until we came to the first chain. This, like toe one previously passed, was removed by casting off both ends and allowing toe whole affair to sink to the bottom of the lagoon— where it was ' doubtless iaBtantly & wallowed up by the mud — and iu less . than half an hour afterwards we ! found ourselves clear of toe terrible lagoons al- ! together and fairly in Santa Clara Bay, where i we fell iu with toe Foam, hove to and waiting i for us. j It was by ihis time within an hour of sunset ; - so, as I was anxious to. get into open water before nightfall, it was arranged that we should go out to sea through the Manou . Channel and Cardenas Bay, as we had before done in the Pinta ; and toe passage was accomplished with out mishap ; Diana Cay being passed on our larboa rd hand, and the vessels' heads being laid N. by E. just as toe first stars began to twinkle out from the darkening blue above us. Shortly after this it fell calm ; and advantage was taken of toe brief period of inactivity pre ceding the springing up of the land-breeze to apportion the few effective hands remaining to us as fairly as possible between the Bchooner and her prize, toe latter being, of course, put under Courtenay's command, with Pottle, the quarter- master, as lieutenants, gun-room officers, and midshipmen all rolled into one. Courtenay's crew, with their kits and hammocks, was transferred to the felucca in good time to £11 on her and stand on in the wake of toe Foam with toe first of the land-breeze; and then, with Pottle in temporary charge of toe prize, and Tompion keeping a look-out on the deck of the schooner, Courtenay and I, mora firmly knit together than ever by the trying events of the day we had just passed through, sat down to talk matters quietly over together wMle we discussed the very creditable dinner which the steward had. provided for us. On the following morning the melancholy task of burying our dead was performed, both vessels being hove to, with their colours hoisted half-mast high, during the ceremony ; and I think it was a very great relief to all hands when, the poor fellows — ten in' all, including O' Flaherty — having been consigned with all solemnity to their last resting-place beneath the heaving billow, we were able to fill away again and resume our course to toe northward and eastward. Noon that day fonnd us three miles to Wind ward of the Angnilas, situate at the south-east extremity of the Cay Sal Bank ; and an hour later the look-out on board the Foam reported a sail, apparently a large schooner, on our weather beam, running up the Old Channel under easy canvas. The breeze was then blow ing rather fresh at about E. by N., the Foam thrashing along with her lee covering-board awash, her royal stowed, and her topmasts whipping about like a couple of fishing-rods ; whilst the felucca was about three miles ahead of us and broad on our weather bow, going two feet to our one, and weathering on us at every plunge. "We were consequently sailing at right angles to the stranger, and rather drawing away from toe line, of her course than other wise; yet such was the speed with which she came along that in half an hour she was bull- up from our deck. It now became apparent tliat she was manifesting a certain amount of curiosity as to who and what we might happen to be; for instead of gradually revealing her" starboard broadside to us, as she would have done had she held on her original course, she was gradually hauling her wind by keep ings her bowsprit pointed straight for us. I was at first disposed to regard her as English, but the enormous spread of her lower and topsail yards convinced me, upon her nearer approach, that I was mistaken. That same peculiarity of rig was a strong argument against toe assump tion of her being. French: and, considerably puzzled what to make of her, I sent for my glass, in order to get a clearer view of her. By the time that toe instrument had been brought on deck audputintomy hand she was withinfour miles of us ; and a single glance through the telescope sufficed to tell me who and what she was. Yes, there could.be no doubt about it; the craft running down so rapidly toward us was none other than Merlam's schooner, the identical craft Courtenay and I had seen hove down on the occasion of our visit to the Conconil lagoons. Here wa3 a pretty kettle of fish, indeed ! The fellow's decks would, of course, be crowded with men, whilst I had not enough hands to man a single broadside, supposing even that I sent every available man to toe guns, leaving toe canvas to .take care of itself! And as for Courtenay, he was oven worse off than myself. I was puzzled what to do for the best ; for I felt that a single false move at such a juncture, and in toe presence of such an enemy, might involve us into absolute ruin. A hurried consultation; with the "boatswain and gunner, however, de cided me to put a bold face upon toe affair and " brazen it out;" in accordance with which resolution our ensign and pennant were hoisted, the topgallant-sail was clewed up and furled, and the gaff-topsail hauled down and stowed. Courtenay very smartly followed suit in the matter of showing his colours, tacking at toe same time and ; edging down toward us. This evidently shook toe nerves of our unwel come neigkbour somewhat ; he seemed to think two to one rather long odds, for he immediately bore away far enough to show us his gaff-end clear of his topsail, when he at once ran up the stars and stripes. With this display of bunting we, of course, feigned to be perfectly srtisfied, ' and each vessel held on her course, Merloni. -. ' ' pleased at haymg got out of toe difficulty so essay. Ou Courtenay -is uuding to under our stem it appeared that he, too believed the strange craft to be Medani'sschooner ; like me, he had oeen temporarily thrown off hia balance and like tne, also, he had just come to toe con clusion toata boldfront was thB proper earn tojOay, when theeight of our colonm and our shortenuig-of sail gave Mm his cue, and he had forthwitoput down Ms helm and come round tc take Ms part in toe game iff braggadocio. This incident of our rencontre with (for we subsequently learned toot it actually was he) was the last occurrence worthy of record wMch befell us on our some what eventful cruise; for after losing sight of toe suspected schoonsi we never fell in with another sail of anf - descriptionnritd we entered Port Royal harbour, where we arrived, after apleasant but somewhat taMypa£sage,exactty one week after our fight in the Conconil lagoous. i may as well here state, parenthetically, that, under tiandereon's skilfu hands and assiduous care all the wounded, my self iuciuded, did marvellously well; though some of the poor fellows on arrival tobe removed to the hospital, everyone of them eventually recovered. As for me, contrary tc oxpectaton the excitement and exertion tc which I had been unavoidably exposed did" me . barm whatever ; and on the morn of our arrival I was able to dispense with the cumber some and unsightly ewarthing of turban- like bandages which I had up to then been compelled to wear, a liberal application of sticking-plastei being all that I thenceforward required until my wound whs completely healed. Our black pilot berthed nis, at my reque-t, close under the guns of the flagship ; and oui anchor had scarcely taken a fair grip of the ground before I found myself seated in the stern-sheets of my gig, with my carefully written report in my hand, en route for an interview with the admiral. I found ..the old. gentleman- on the quarter deck of the Mars, up and down which he was stumping in evidently no very amiable mood. Something or other, I forget what, had put his temper out of joint ; andhe was expressing himself with a freedom, vigor, and fluency of language which I have seldom heard equalled, certainly never surpassed. He was inclined to be ironical, too ; for on my presenting myself before him he brought up abruptly, and surveying me fiercely for a moment,. exclaimed : " Well, young gentleman, pray, who may yor be, and what do you want, if I may venture sc far as to make the inquiry ?" " I am Mr. Lascelles, sir, of the schoone; Foam, just arrived; and I have come on boarc to m&ke; my report," I replied. " Oh ! " said he, somewhat less sternly, " yoi- are Mr. Lascelles of the schooner Foam, an you ? And pray, sir, where is Mr. O' Flaherty that you should find it necessary to discharge Ms functions ? He is not wounded, I hope r" ii I regret to say, sir, that he is dead," said I. " Dead !" he repeated ; tut, tut ; that is bad news, indeed. Here, come into my cabin with me, and eit down ; you look as pale as a ghost, and have been wounded yourself, if that fag-end of sticking plaster which I see projecting be neath the rim of your hat has any significance. There take atoalr, help yourself to a glass of wine, and make yourself comfortable," he continued, as we reached Ms cool, roomy cabin. Give, me your report, and let me have a short verbal account of how you got on and what has be fallen you. You brought in a prize with you, I see, and a very fine ©raft of her class she seems to be. There, now, fire away with your yarn." ; I refreshed myself with \ a sip of the old gentleman's very excellent Madeira, and then , proceeded to give him an outline of the principal events of our cruise, my narrative being frequently broken In upon by him witfc . questions of a decidedly searching character in reference to such matters as seemed t j him tc require further elucidation. At the close of my narrative the old gentle man rose from his seat and shook me warmb by the hand, exclaiming : " Well done, my dear boy ; well done ! You have behaved admirably, and with a discretion far beyond your years. Had I known as much at the outset as I do now I need not have sent Mr. O'Flaherty at all. Poor fellow ! he was a good officer and a brave man, none braver, but he was rash. He had seen a great deal of boat service, and I thought — well, well ! never mind. It is a pity he gave the alarm to those feluccas so prematurely, though. I am very pleased with you, young gentleman, and with your sMpmate too — very pleased indeed. You got out of two bad scrapes very cleverly, to say nothing of the way in wMch you afterwards weathered upon the arch-pirate himself. Ha, ha! That was neatly done, upon my word. You did quite right, my hoy, not to turn your stern to Mm. Never turn tail to an enemy, even though he be big enough to eat you, until the very last moment, nor then, if you think you have the ghost of a chance of thrasMng Mm. WMch _ does not mean, however, that, when retreat is necessary, you are to stay until it is too late and be eaten. I should have liked to see the fellow chuckling to Mmself as he thought how cleverly he had hoodwinked you. Poor chap ! he little dreamed that you were walking off with all his hard-earned _ savings snugly stowed away beneath your cabin floor. Ana it shall not be so very long; please God, before we will have him also and his crew safe in irons. Well, well! Now, be off aboard your hooker again, and see all ready for turning over toe prisoners and the plunder; and, harkye, youngster, come and dine with me at the Penn to-night. Seven sharp! and give my compliments to your shipmate, and say I shall The glad to see him too.' (to be coxtisuedO 