THE STORY TELLER. A Strange Disappearance. u Mv dear/' said M r. Cassidv, 44 get the sapper-titbit' laid, and meanwhile I'll g<> audi get some ovsteis. I'm liutmrv. anttiwe'll sro in for a little ex- travagance to liight." M rs. Cassidy nodded .an assent-, and, f >nt ling by her work, went into the iiiie kitchen and busied herself in laving the table. Then she sat down to wait for him. It was' warm in the kitchen; com- \- foi table and cosy. Mrs. Casa'dy. waiting for her ht!:band, leaned back against the wall lu id shut her eyes. Not sleeping; oh, no, only thinking. The clock tickcti 01) : t!.e tea-kettle sang its song Mrs. Cass idv was back in the country place where she was born, talking at the garden gate with Torn. Then some thing aroused her. She -started up and looked at the clock. " ' Turn! Tom ! -.Why, where was Tom Cassidy ? lie had been gone an hour. She must have been asleep. Frightened and nervous, she ran to the door. All was very still in the strc. and wjjere the houses were lint utterly dark the lights had gone to the upper floors. Perhaps he had gone farther for the oyster . Yes; that must be it. She wei.t back to the kitchen and waited.. but no Tom came. In fact, he did not come that night. Al...nt dawn next morning the servant, ci Tiling downstairs to kindle the fire, saw her mistress crouched up in the corner of the kitchen fireplace moan ing and rocking herself to and fro. When asked what was the matter, si." .-.aid— 44 Your master is dead, Sally." Sally shrieked, bur when informed that her lady's reasons for this state ment were that her husband had gone out intending to return in a few minutes, and was not yet home. Sally grinned and took the affair lightly. ' Depend upon it, mum," she said, 1 he's only gone off on a spree. They all does it sooner or later. My last lady didn't see hers for three weeks one winter. Mr. Cassidy '11 turn up all right soon." But her mistress could not be com forted: Neither was Sally a true prophet. It was soon evident that Mr. Cassidy had disappeared. \- All his male relatives and connec tions went to work to search for him as soon as they could be telegraphed for. At his place of business a person waited for him at nine that morning -by appointment.'' Failing in this meet ing was very disadvantageous to Mr. Cassidy. A respectable gentleman of his age, well- dressed as lie always was, pro bably would have been taken to a hospital- if he had been seized with a sadden attack of illness in the street ; or, at least, if he had been intoxicated and locked up in a cell for daring to have apoplexy or heart disease his remains would have been found by I this time. They searched high and they searched low for a week, a t 1: s! a body was found in the river. Time and weather had done the worst with person and wearing apparel, but the body was identified by the loss of two front teeth and a bald spot on his head. To be sure, Mr. Cassidy in life had . worn two artificial teeth, but that was nothing. The detectives, the brother- in-law, the two cousins, talked the sad affair over, and decided that there t-ould be no doubt concerning the manner of his death. The unfortunate widow had the news' broken to her. She was pre pared for the worst by that time, and the next day's paper had a full account of the affair. They stated that — "Mr. Cassidy, a prominent business man, feeling some appetite at ten o'clock at night on Wednesday, the ..f , with the simplicity and amiability that distinguished him, set forth to procure a certain number of these 1 iscious bivalves. Proceeding down t ie street, he had reached the s lonely and deserted place opposite the church in Hall-street, when suddenly from the shadows of the sacred portal a ruffian darted towards him, crying, 4 Your m.mey of your life !' and at the same time dealing him a frightful blow in the mouth, which deprived him of two front teeth and laid him sense less on the . ground. After having been robbed of all his valuables, his pocket-book, and even his shoes, he was dragged towards the water and cast in. In vain his anxious wife watched and .listened for his return. His body lay beneath the dark water and the murderer fled safely with his ill-gotten spoil. Mr, Cassidy's ter rible death is deeply Tegretted by all who knew him." The funeral was a large one. For awhile everyone thought poor Mrs. Cassidy would die ; hut she had a fine constitution, and with this grief is not apt to kiU, though it may put an end to a weakly or ailing person. She got about in her widow's weeds, and her brother, a person of promptitude and dispatch, who always took time by the forelock, closed up the late Mr. Cas sidy's business, sold his house and furniture, invested the money for the widow's bene'fit, and engaged an excellent boarding-place for her in 110 time. All she desired to do was to w< ep in retirement for awhile, and iu uVit every imw and again the. grave of her departe. spouse, ov< r which a stoi.,- cutter had, at the same active brother- in-law's command, placed""'a marble shaft, . engraved with- the name anil i if tries of tli'e deceased — that, and, of course, she must go to the church. There came a Sunday morning when the widow stood in her long veil before her mirror, and decided that 44 black " became ber greatly. She sat down mid drew on her gloves. She remem bered that, after all, thirty-five was no : -relit age. 44 How wicked of me to think of it," she said to herself ; but I wonder whether I ever shall do like other widows and marry again? It will be lonelv ; and poor Tom always said that anyone who had 1 e.n happy in one marriage would surely make another. i'>e been very happy — vevv. Foot Tom !" She shed a tear and took from a glass on the mantel a bunch of tiny violets, which she had-bought out of pity from a poor little flower-girl, and put them in her belt. " Crape, lias such a close smell," she: said by way of excuse, " and no one : will notice them. .Tost then — "Good heavens, Selina;" cried a voice behind her. She started up. Mr. Cassidy — or his ghost — stood in the doorway. The gliost was but the thought of an instant, and, as we have said, Mrs. Cassidy was very healthy. She did not faint. In Head, she lit tered a full-hinged, resounding shriek, and threw herself into his arms. ' Oh, Tom!" she subbed, "Tom, Toil? ! How did you come to life again ?" " Haven't been dead," saiu Mr. Cassidy, 44 and 1 cabled. (rood hea vens ; what a mass of black crape you are — " "You wouldn't — have — liked me— not to mourn for you, Tom !" sobbed Mrs, Cassidy. 44 When 1 — 1 — thought T was dying — I managed to say — de- de-deopest black there is."' " But I didn't want to be mourned for." said Mr. Cassidy. 44 1 didn't put it on until they found you !' sobbed Mrs. Cassidy. -'You looked so dreadful I didn't know you, but you were identified. Jack identi fied you, and there's a handsome monu ment over your remains !" 4' Well, I haven't any as yet !" said Mr. Cassidy. " Why are you here? Why are those strange people in our house ?" " Jack sold it for me, and settled your business up, and brought me here. He was very, very good in my afflic tion." said Mrs. Cassidy. 4 You haven't been in affliction!" said Mr. Cassidy. ' 44 1 thought I was. It's all the same thing. I've been through everything," said Mrs. Cassidy. " And you seem to thrive on it !"' said her husband, angrily, " You're a very blooming widow, indeed. And that busybody, Jack, has been putting me out of the way as speedily as pos sible, settling my business — selling mv home, indeed ! And I cabled to you." " I don't know what you mean by cabling," said Mrs. Cassidy. " But I I knaw that to go off that way'was a ter rible thing without a word or hint, tricking me, frightening me. If you'd been ill or met with an accident — but to go off and never send a word all this time, I can never forgive you." " Oh !" said Mr. Cassidy l "You never got the cablegram ?" "If it's like a telegram, I never did," said Mrs. Cassidy. 44 Why, Tom, where have you been ?" " I've been to America," said Mr. Cassidy. You see, as I went down the street for the oysters I heard a cab behind me and it stopped, and somebody called me — 4 Cassidy !' I stopped. It was Billings — you know Billings ? 4 Jump in,' says he ; 4 want to talk to you, and I'm in a hurry.' " So in I jumped. He told me he was going on board an American liner, the Spread Eagle, and that as there'd been a delay she'd start about three in the morning, and he wanted me to see him off. Well, Selina, I couldn't say 4N?o\ Billings is my particular friend, and I went with him. Knew you'd excuse me, and I went cn board, and we looked at his state-room, and ' we had a bottle or two of ale and — well, then I said I must go, and be went out to get a card to write his New York address on. I thought I'd try whether his berth was comfortable, so I stretched out on it. It had little blue curtains to it, that drew up and down \--I drew them down. " Well, Selina, that's the last I knew until it was broad day. I wake up to find Billings looking looking at me. "He had come hack, and as the curtains hid me, supposed I'd come off. He felt angry that I didn't say good bye, went on deck to see the last of land, and was now just going to bed himself. There was a pretty kettle of fish ; I'd been carried off. I sent for the captain. He was like a rock ; in clined to believe me a sort of stowaway at first. I. raved, I roared, I made a spectacle of myself before strangers 5 but when people understood that I left a wife who expected me home in ten minutes, and my business at sixes and sevens, they expressed their sorrow for' me. If we'd met the .-right steamer I could have got home ; hut we didn't I went to America. Good heavens ! how wretched 1 have been I I had to borrow Billing's shirts and stockings. I had enough with me to pay my passage hack, hut I hid that. I cabled ii s antly on arrival, and I came back- by the first steamer. And now 1 find— rwqll. 1 find I'm dead — dead and buriid. T'i) kill Jack first and then go and drown myself," l J But Mrs. Cassjdy understood now! She had taken off her bonnet and veil, and she was pelting liiin and crying over iii in as r ho had been a baby, beg ging him to tell ber it was not all a dream. Then came a riug at the bell. And there was .l ack, with a very high mourning band around his hat. He took his 44 blow in -up quie.ly wrote a paragraph for m-xi morning , papers while it was going on, heading " THE DEAD ALIVE. Harpy Return of Tuom.vs Casstdt. And he once more took time by the forelock. Me unsettled the business ; bought back the house and furniture; induced the stonemason to take back — at a slight reduction — the shaft which marked the grave of the poor drowned tramp, who had been identified as Mr. Cassidy ; and had the satisfaction of lestoring his friends to their old quar ters as if by magic. And so, .one evening, as the two sat together in their little parlour, Mr.' Cassidy said to his wife : "Seiina, we haven't had those oysters yet. You prepar the table and I'll go and get some. 1 swear I'll not mysteriously disappear this time." He did not. And as they ate their oysters Mrs. Cassidy declared that it was all exactly like a dream, a horrible dream, that she could not bear to think about. 