CURRENT TOPICS. The Elections.— We are requested to state that a meeting, as per advertisement, of the supporters of Mr. J. Dunstan, jun., J.P., will be held at the Corporation 'Chamber, on Saturday evening as. 7.30. . . ,- . . ..^ , .- The Weather.— Since our last' weiiave experienced some very hot weather. ^ On Wednesday night a thunderstorm paid %is a visit, when some nice showers of rain 'fell. As we go to press the weather is still sultry, with more thunder threatening. ~ : / Obituary. — Another old resident his left us on the long journey, ia the death of 'Mr. T. Bock. Deceased was brought home from the Barrier a few days since in, and' never, re covered. He died on Wednesday last-sU his residence in Kingston- street, Koonnga. _: Special Service. — We are requested to call attention to the advertisement- in Another column in reference to a special funeral service in connection with the dealh oT theJateMr. Wm. Birt, which is to be held at thePrimitive Methodist Church, Kooringa, on - Sunday evening next. , . :-?_:_. '.:.-. z*.:.* Chrysanthemum Show.— We have, not yet heard as to the intention of our 'local horticulturalists in holding a chrysanthemum show ' this year in Buna.- We potice'that in Adelaide a meetingljas^betn held to consider the ways and means of -fixing one -np'ior the city. . The funds were found to be short, «o a comimittee 't^^.pniTMy ~9roivecs ~ '^m* *~^3Utca~ and Kapuuda, for raising the necessary funds/: and arranging prize-list, also date of show, were formed. It wfll soon be time, we know, as to preparing a local show. _ s ,....,„,. ' : Sieves, in America.— The prbdacson of silver in the United' States has been increasing rapidly since 1886. In that year the quantity produced was 39,440,0000*, in 1887 ft was 41,260,0000*, and in 1888 45,^00002. In iSSotbe production, was only 30,3^00001 j so that in eight years.the increase hasrbeen 50 per cent.1 ' In other countries ah increase lias also taken place. A Possible Coal Find. — The Walparinka Times says, ' Mr. R. Mannering, an old pros pector, the other day brought in some fine specimens of coal found about two miles from Warratta, II miles from Milparinka, in a well watered and timbered country. The shaft was bottomed at 39ft. A seam of coal, about five inches wide, was found at 23ft from the surface, dipping, and forming into a well defined body.'1 We fancy there is a slignt mistake here, as we have never heard of coal seams dipping. An Election Yarn.— The result of an election is easily turned. Three years ago Dr. Cockburn lost bis election by four votes. Quit, the city comic paper, gives a heretofore unrelated incident of the campaign as follows : — ?* There were four candidates supposed to be in the running— Dr. Cockburn, Messrs. Holder, and RounsevelL and Dr. Smyth. At one small polling place five electors met, and the spokes man said, 'Well, Cockbum is safe. We don't care whether Holder or Rounsevell gets in. Let us plump for Smyth, who is our neighbour, and hasn't got a show. ' And they gave their five votes in that way, otherwise Mr. Roonsevell would have been out in the cold. Every vote tells, brothers 1' 'Who does?'— These were the words uttered a few days ago by His Honor (?) Judge Boucaut, as an interjection to a de fending lawyer during a case at the criminal sittings in Adelaide who asked a witness the question, 'Do you believe in the Bible?' The lawyer replied to the Judge, ' I hope I do,' whereupon the judge retorted, 'The Bishop of Peterborough doesn't.' To take no higher ground, this conduct of the learned judge,' says the Review, was in execrable taste and calculated to wound the religious susceptibilities of many people.' So say we. Really we are at a loss to understand the remark. If the judge intended it as funny, he had the pleasure of being gratified, from the fact that the saying was followed by laughter, but surely a great mistake was made' by our learned friend. It is to be hoped he will weigh his remarks in future, and not play fast and loose with so sacred a question. Mr. W. B. Roonsevell, M.P. — Our junior member passed through Terowie, on Friday last, on his way from the Barrier. In conversation with a representative from this office (says the local paper) Mr. Rounsevell said front all parts of the Burra district he had received assurances of support were he to offer himself again, and support from those who opposed him last election. As regards the coming contest Mr. Rounsevell hoped Mr. Holder's friends would remain true to him. There would be a great struggle owing to so many candidates offering. Mr. Symon bad not then definitely decided to contest for Burra, but if be did Mr, Rounsevell felt that there was a certainty of his being elected, wtietf Buna would be represented not by a mere delegate, but one of the most powerful men in the colony. As regards the contest in which Mr. Rounsevell was engaged at Port Adelaide, he felt that his election was almost certain. Public Meeting. — By announcement in another column, it will be seen that a public meeting of electors is to be held on Tuesday evening next at the Burra Institute, when the Mayor of Burra (T. W. Wilkinson, Esq.) in vites the candidates who are intending to take a seat in the ensuing Parliament. It is hoped that a large attendance of electors will be the order of the evening, and that all the candi dates who have announced their intentions of offering their services to the electors will likewise be present. We have an idea, and we believe it is supported by others, that those gentlemen who have announced that they intend to come out, should be prepared to . meet the electors when invited to do so. We have heard a lot about waiting till the Premier has spoken, but surely the candidates have something of their own to offer ; if not, we say the electors ought to look out for someone who has. Let us hope both elector and can didate will meet on Tuesday next, and get somewhat acquainted with each other, if nothing else. The Ghost of Protection Exposed. — We have always contended that protection was one of the most glaring inconsistencies our politicians fostered. Whilst referring our readers to a letter signed ' H. L. Sprigg' in another column, we would also point to the fact that the Victorian farmers are doing their utmost to secure the principles of free-trade in place of the admitted failure — protection ; a telegram in last Tuesdays Register proves that fact It is nothing more than we have ex pected. We have advanced arguments often times to show how the principles of protection were merely beneficial to the few to the disad vantage of the many, a fact that should be seen through after reading the letter in our open column. However our farmers could be gulled into believing in the fad, we cannot understand. It is proved, protection is simply protection for a few in our cities at the expense of tibe country. The farmers in Victoria have tried it, and are now sick of it ; bence with South Australian farmers, we maintain it ought to be opposed most stringently during the next few weeks at any rate, or they will be likely to be robbed for another three years at least. A Lot to Leabn Yet. — A good story is told in connection with Mr. Schlapp's recent visit to the Port Pine re6nery, says tne Stan dard : — ' It is needless to inform our readers that the works were erected under Mr. Schlapp's directions, and it is not too much to say that he knows every bolt and screw about the complicated machinery. The other week .be arrived from Broken Hill for the purpose of making his periodical inspection, and in his usual unassuming manner walked into the building and asked one of the hands, ' how She was running ?' The workman not being acquainted with Schlapp, replied that every thing was going along swimmingly, and . at once proceeded to show the practical manager how the work of separating the silver from the lead was carried out. For ten minutes or so Mr. Schlapp listened to a very elaborate description of the art of refining, the workman waxing really eloquent. At length the visitor asked, 'how long have you been employed here?* * About a month,' was the reply. ? Waal, you've got a mighty lot to learn yet,' rejoined Mr. Schlapp as he left. Shortly afterwards the workman ascertained who it was he had been attempting to teach the business, and from latest accounts he has not yet recovered from the shock.' HARVESTTHANKSGiviNG.-Harvest thanks giving services were held in the Kooringa Wes: leyan Church on Sunday last. The church was most tastefully decorated with mottos, ferns, flowers, fruit, wheat, and vegetables, conspicuous Among the latter was a mammoth pumpkin grown in Mr. Snell's garden and weighing HiJ^lbs. The Rev. H. T. Bureess preached suitable sermons to large congrega tions in the morning and evening, and in the afternoon Mr. Burgess conducted an original mnd appropriate scripture and song service entitled 'Harvest Lessons.' A tea-meeting on the following day was fairly well attended, as also was the meeting which followed, at which Mr. T. Drew occupied the chair in the anavoidable absence of the Hon. F. W. Holder. In the course of the evening the Rev. H. T. Burgess said it was exactly 12 months since, on a similar occasion, they publiclysaid farewell to Mr. and Mrs. C. Drew. As a church and congregation, they bad now the pleasure of welcoming them back again, and thanking God lor their safe return. In the light of such terrible accidents by sea as trie loss of the Quetta with so many lives, which was reported in that day's papers, such thanksgiving seemed to be specially appro priate. Mr. C. Drew expressed the pleasure he and Mrs. Drew felt on their return. They bad%e^/no\oiintry th^preferred'tois▵ Australia, 'and no city they admired more than Adelaide. He was thankful for the progress that had followed them, and wished to pubb'cly acknowledge the goodness of God in preserving them after travelling so ex tensively by land and sea without the slightest mishap. He appreciated the' cordial welcome and hoped at another time to give some account of ? scenes he had witnessed in England. Addresses were given by the Revs. S. Gray, C. Lane, and T. M. Rowe. On each occasion the choir rendered excellent service under the leadership of Mr. T. Drew, Mr. J. Pearce presiding at the organ. .' ??'?_..'?. Relics of Customs Three Thousand^ Years Old.— We have' received from the. secretary of the Victoria Institute, London,;' the following : — The: -Lord - Chancellor,' as ; vice-president of the Victoria Institute, pre-^ sided at a large meeting held at its house in T Adelphi Terrace, London, towards the end of ? January, when that Eastern explorers. :the Rev. L Neil, M.A., read a paper descriptive of the way in which lands were held: and.cul-:' tivated in Palestine in ancient times, and be pointed out how an acquaintance with this/: and certain other customs, solved many* a Biblical statement which had puzzled students. He referred to instances of -some similar customs in regard to the cultivation -of land being traceable in early thheSi''iii''*England even, but here the advance of modem civilisa tion had already rendered them matters of the past, as indeed they were fast becoming in Palestine j .and therefore, it was desirable to note them, whilst we were able, in that land where customs which were in force in the time of Abraham would soon be buried in oblivion. The Lord Chancellor conveyed a vote of thanks to Mr. Neil, and expressed himself as deeply interested in his paper; a discussion ensded, in which Mr. Seebohm bore out the statements .made, and described the results of his ? own -investigations.^ Dr. ^Bergheitn, from Palestine,' 'added 'matter of much interest as regards his native land. Dr. Chaplin also gave the results of his study of the matter in the East, Mr. St. Chad Boscawen quoted several Babylonia, and some remarks by Mr. David Howard, chairman of the London 4 Chamber or Commerce, and ? others, i con- ' eluded the^Jiscussioh. The Lord Chancellor then spoke, an9 concluded by congratulating the Institute on the value of the evening's work. The names of the first home and colonial members and associates who bad joined for,. this year were announced, and the. meeting separated. The Capitation Grant.— Mr. J. H. Grundy ot Adelaide, contributes the following letter to the Church Review on the question of the capitation grant to private school. Those of our readers who are interested in the matter will no doubt read it with interest ; — ?' Sir, — Tbe-Commiitee pfstheXodgregational Union and others who thirikSwith them would have-: the people of this ^colony bound to a system of education in which there could be found no religion, no competition, no choice of schools by patents of limited means, no study (by the teacher) of individual character, no cultivation of the moral and spiritual nature in the pupils. Instead of these advantages, they would have us be satisfied with a purely state-fed and state directed system based on colourless secularism, generalization, and manopoly, increasing the burdens of taxpayer, a majority of whom, If Brtnly believe, desire for their children educa tion of the heart as well as of [he head. The cost of education in the State schools, (up to the compulsory standard) is £\o per head, whilst the most asked, for by supporters bf-'a capitationgrant is £2,- thtis^yfogTiie Government j£8 for every shild taught in ' a private school. Seeing that the owners or managers of private and ienominational schools do not ask for a farth ing towards the erection of buildings, or any recognition by tbe State of the religious instruc tion given, how can any logical mind be exercised for one moment by the idea that ' a capitation grant would mean State aid to religion ?' As a matter of fact the opponents of the proposed grant are (under the cry of liberty) desiring to take away the freedom of choice from parents, and are advocating free education, which would result in the further taxation of the people to blosterup a most un fair system, well adapted for turning out a plentiful supply of youths, taught chiefly to care everything for themselves and nothing for God or their neighbours. Surely it is time that Churchmen took a greater interest in this question, and not allow those who establish and support voluntary schools in which religion is taught to be treated so unjustly. But a more important reform than this would be the election of School Boards by the people, about-' which Churchmen would perhaps more readily jgree.' '?'-'?-? ? -' .. ? ??'?-? 