We Three. IN FOUB CHAPTERS. CHAPTER IV.—{Concluded. \ I fottonred the doctor down a long irridor. Without any preliminary brd of'caution he opened the door of room at the end of it, and I eaw my sband. ^ bed laced the door. He -was lying lit with wide open eyes raised to 'jut the level of my face, and when I fcred, they seemed to fix themselves fcne with a fierce glare. His face i flushed and haggard. Bis blue glittered; as they looked full into How terrible it was to see that How hard to believe that those eyes saw, not me, at whom they Id so intently, but eome image Jcted from the weary burning brain! teorge, George!" I said softly, flowed no consciousness of my I spoke again. It was in vain. I|t to the bedside and knelt down, aook his burning hand in mine, Alvain! There was a mysterious gujetween us; and neither sight, noiand, nor touch of mine could rea,croBs it. We were parted more hopsly than if we had been at oppg ends of the earth. And in thatadful moment I knew that I lovetim with all the passionate stren, of my heart. Ohr husband! Oh my poor love ! Oh q, unhappy woman that I had been ^nd now I stood beBide him, and 1 bis hand, and wetted his foreht with my tears, and all the while *waa shut up away from me in a dreail solitude of suffering! For jee weeks I scarcely left his room. Jay on the floor beside his bed. ire were hired nurses to attend on himto, but I would not leave him to theirre. He wandered and talked almost fessantly. He was of a constitution) strong and vigorous that the fevefeemed to rage like a furious sentientIng against hie strength, and battle TO him for the mastery. I looked c helpless, quivering with cruel teris, seeing him wrestle for his life tjiugh the awful silence of the night,lid the pitiless brightness of the day: ijping myself to be still, and to seem ca,, although I could have •screamed tud in the agony of my suspense; elpless always, helpless, helpless! "tt I did not flinch, nor break downnor even shed tears. I kept saying \ myself, "When he recovers consci|sness, he must see only serene faces tound him." But when l spoke, in the still hours of the night, 4d his mutterings grew distinct enougito be intelligible, and he would call upn Amy—always Amy— and ask her toeing that song again that his motheiised to Bing in the old times—oh that fas hard! I have cut the palms of mj clenched hands with my nails as I Wy in the dim room listening to him.' Amy, Amy I Take it away. I cannot hear youi voice. Take away this burning coal from my forehead. If you take that away I thail hear you £ing. I only see you more your lips. Amy!" Amy I Then he would say, 'Poor little thing!" as rapidly as his lips could form the words, in a low, Monotonous voice, over and over again, for an hour together. All those weeks, tnd days, And hours he never knew me; never was conscious of my touch, never uttered my name. The battle went on night and day. The strong man struggled with the fiery serpent that held him in its folds. I sent for a physician of note from Vienna. He came and consulted with the Peeth doctor. He could give no comfort. He could give little help. If the patient's strength would but last out, when the fever left him, he might reoover. If not—and the physician shook his head, and looked at me pityingly, and went his way. At length, one morning, when I raised my head from the mattress on irhich I slept, to look up at George's I perceived that his eyes were open, and that they were looking at me |s if they saw me! My heart gave a. great start, and began to beat as if it would suffocate me. But I rose upj quietly, and drew near the bed. It was a fur summer's dawn. The eastern sky was rose-coloured, and birds were chirping down the garden of the inn. I saw his lips move, and bent down y ear to listen. " D6siree," he hispered. I put my arms round liim, and hid my face on the pillow beBide him, and cried silently, curbing my sobs, lest they should disturb him. He feebly kisBed my: cheek, which lay Igainst Ms mouth, and fell again into a Seep, tranquil sleep. And I lay still, BO still, until I, too, sank into a pro- Eound filumber of pure exhaustion, but with a strange conscibusnesB of relief and happiness through it all. : The nurse woke me with her hand on my shoulder. I looked up, and saw her face white and strange] in the morning light. "Hush! He is better!" said, in a low. eager voice. She jently moved my arms from around lim, and tried to lead me from the bed He was dead. It is a year ago to-day. One year! I sit and write at my desk, and hold my pen firm and steady. And when I raise my eyes I see that pale plain face In the glass ^opposite. Quite tearlesB now, the eyes are^ And they look at me like the eyes of my mother's ghost. How hard they thought me, those people in E ; How cold and stem md unfeeling ! I was not displeased that they thought so. It kept them Aloof from me. It saved me from their mpathy. Great Heaven! I think .ere were moments when a word of pity, a soft look, would have driven me mad. Yef^now I remember so well all the incident of the day that Dr. Gilbert met me in London 1 , f'or weeks afterwards I could not have recalled one look or tone of his. I only vhderstood fact, that < he .'promised to accept the trust for Amy, and to ad' minister the little fortune I had settled on her. But now, the whole scene— the whole manner of the man—-comes ) back to me. He dwelt muoh on Mr. Lester's generous thought of the orphan girl to whom he had ever, been so kind and considerate." And he said, "It seems hard—very hard—to Miss Bent that yon will not see her. Mrs Lester. I assure you the poor child has felt this dreadful blow—this sad IOBB—very deeply." (She had " felt it very deeply !") "But of course I cannot presume to insist further, after your very per emptory refusal." I cannot see Amy," was all ] answered. I said it in a dry, steady voice that seemed to have only one note in it. He went away with the coldest farewell to me. Only at the last moment he turned, before leaving the room, and said, " I shall bear testimony to the scrupulous exactitude with whioh you have carried out your late husband's wishes, Mrs. Lester. I wish to do you justice. There being no will, you w<ere; of course, not legally bound to hand over to Miss Bent the bequest which your husband had mentioned his intention of making. Miss Bent shall be made to understand this; and die will be duly grateful." With that speech he went away. I had told him a lie about the bequest to Amy. But I wished her to be provided for, and that was the easiest way. Tes; as I think of it now, I see that he almost hated me, despite my " scrupulous exactitude." It mattered less than nothing what he thought of me. To-day came an envelope directed to me with a silver love-knot to fasten it. Amy Bent is married, and Mrs. Gilbert— the gentle, foolish little thing—sends me wedding cards ! She writes, too, a line inside the envelope to say that Amy very happy, and that she (Mrs. Gilbert) is " sure Amy would be so glad to hear from me." It is well that she is happily married. He would have wished that. But her happiness has no need of me to complete it. I shall never see more. I am alone in the world with my sorrow. My father's words of long ago have often recurred to me lately. "D6sir6e, I wish you had some occupation which brought you into direct contact with suffering and sorrow. If you could be an hospital nurse for six months, I believe you would be a happier woman for ever after." Ah, the prescription was a false one: or it was applied too late. Heaven knows that I see sorrow and suffering enough. My money and my time are at the service of the Bick ' >oor. I have no other UBe for them. 3ut none the less do I bear |about with me the burthen of an inconsolable grief. My father would have had me return to live with him. But I cannot do that. I cannot leave England which holds that grave in the village churchyard. He was carried back all the weary miles across land and sea; and I laid him beBide his mother in the West country village. . . I too shall lie there some day. May it be soon! THE END. 