A TUBE MARKET. The literal meaning of the woTd "Talr," in jfa eommertial Minae, iy a 11 free market.” In other word.*, a "fajY'jueanHjdinnrketJjt whfthal) and every may purchaeo or not without feeing suhjeoted to fee or t/tx, and also where all and orevy inn sell with out any Hueh disabilities as nttnek to ordinary markets. At one time the faint in England were great feature* in the rocial and industrial life of the pooplo; but, since tho establishment •f railways, and the quicker intercommunication whioli has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed conditions of the national life. Hero n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed very little of the old fashioned method* obtain In \ these fast go-a-hcad colonic?. Life is not so slow | and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and fore* to which, even in this day, few provincial folk, in i the old c-ouulrr aio accustomed. This, however, t is si necessity, following upon our freer and mote prosperous <<»mlitioh, as well as the awakened | energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is Bought in nil directions to do as much In an fa.ur us 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we live at higher pressure* we obtain higher rewards than the oil folk could possibly earn. The avenge earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed ifam in those "good.old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people, by the way, who tire of riuiihu* rapless constitution to that of L«rd flannels who wrote “ Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, Hut give us back our own nobility.” People nowadays lave money to spend, and as educa tion onda higher intelligence have taught them 1 tow to *P* nd it windy, we find great establishment.*, such as Foy and Gibson*.**, of Smith street, Collingwood, I springing into existence, whose purpose it is to 1 snpply to ft well-to-do population, the comfoit*, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home Here we pause to make a correction. We have ! eaid that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, “it is a sight to do sore eyes good.’* Any theatrical manager who may happen pa**t Messrs. Foy and Gibson** great shops during the day mast, indeed, have a large and generous | mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy ns he notes the throng and press of people into and out of these places. All moved by the one impulse—on eager desire to avail themselves of the ad vantages offered by | Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who had become p<»t*ses«cd of one of those elegant mantle?, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will luive a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ha« hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Enis<-1* carpits at •Is. Cd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased hi* suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct his bride, i* filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during hi* shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he baa been nu utter stranger. In a word, it is] impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out-flux of visitors. to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that there fails serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We uo not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of'these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But •ns a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Fop aud Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance \ in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolcum frumtbese fairs, aud that is, that In the bonds of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. Tbo rules by which this great establishment is governed, arc even as the laws of the Mede9 and Fcrnaus. A fixed system—result of long experience-and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery', and to out mind, with much of the throb and pulse of th. steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Fov and Gibbon’s premises of their sire when we inform them that the frontage extend* 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is ft depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. Tlie great show rooms fil"! with ths ^costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. Wo wonder if gba-t* of departed belles assemble here o’ nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matter?, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as wo have Mr. Shakespeare* authority that there arc more things in heaven aud earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delight* and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. 