CAJf A. 3I0THE11 FOBGET r A TRUE GHOST STORY OF TO-DAY. Our London corresjioiideiit draws at tention to a remarkable ghost story in ! the-July number of JXucI'jcooiI; which is vouched for as true liy a well-known j Soman Catholic priest- It is very heauti- j fully told, and lias attracted -widespread notice- The subjoined merely follows the outline :— In one of the poorest and most over- , crowded parts of poor and overcrowded Hondon one bitter nigh t early in ' February there sat in a barely fumisbed string room a young priest with an elder j priest who looked weary beyond words. As tbey sat tbe door-bell rang, and the ) door was gently opened by a tall lady dressed in black. She was exceedingly -fair to see, beautiful in feature aud j carriage beyond most women : but there : was au inexpressible charm far beyond even that—a dignity of manner and ' appearance such as Father "Warren had never seen before. Advancing towards liim, sbe said in a low, clear, and most melodious voice, "Forgive me. dear father, for disturbing you so late, and on such a night; hut no ! other could fulfil so well the mission which I ask you to undertake. Will you come with me to bring comfort and hap piness to a departing and erring soul ? and will you bring tbe Holy Sacrament -with you, that, having confessed and I "been absolved, he may go hence in peace r" "Hear lady," answered Farther War ren," " I have not eaten since the morn ing. 3Iy clothes are wet through, and I am very -weary- Another priest of God more worthy than I shall go with you." "Xav," she said, looking wistfully at "bim " I pray you go with me yourself, for to you was I sent, and the time is very short. X beseech you to come with me and make no delay. P»y the love of the LlessedTIother for her Son. by the love of that Sou for all His erring children, I implore you come with me, and come quickly." She pleaded so earnestly aud tenderly ihat he hastily put oh a cloak and left | the house with her. At last she stopjyd. and, knocking firmly and decidedly at the door of a house, she turned round to the priest aud said—" I have showu y ou the place aud told you of the sore need of one who lives there- lean do no more and must go j now. Way the blessing of God the Father, the love of God the Sou, and the help of God the Spirit go with you now. She turned rapidly away and was quickly out of sight. The door was I opened by a stout. Comfortable, respect able servant, who seemed rather astonislnslat bis apjaairanee. " I have lieen summoned to a dying bed," he said: "pray hike me at once to the room." Tliewomaii looked jierplexed, and an wered—There ain't no dying beds here, nor has'f been this long rime. Bui you had better come in and explain it to the young master." So saying, she I'd the priest into a most comforfcilile room, -where wa< s<aied alone a young man evidently waiting for his dinner, pre jjaratioiLs for which were ou the table be fore liiuu The father eonhl not withstand the genial greeting, and sitting down, told | the young man how he came there. His host was grieved and concerned at the useless fatigue and exposure he had gone through, aud said, " I four you have iu your ready self sacrifice, given 1 way too easily to some charitable lady, more zealous tlum judicious, who. in lier desire to do much, lias to-night, at least, done too much, and made a mistake in au address which we can neither of us now rectify. " But I shall not let you go out again ! rill you are thoroughly warm and fed," said the young man. Soon tliey were to gether as though ihey were old friends. They seemed drawn towards each other in some mysterious way, and their hearts were opened, and they sj>oke as neither j Lad done foryears. " I once belonged to your church." said tbe lad, hi rather sad, regretful tones; "but I belong to no church now. Since my dear mother died nothing seems of real interest, and I fed that if she were indeed living in any state, sbe ] would find some way to communicate j with me, for heaven itself could bring no joy to her if I were shut outside. I want ' happiness, I want my mother, I want my old full life back again. It cannot be -true that she is living anywhere, in any ! state, and has forgotten her only child, j her hoy, her companion, and her friend. ] 3iy father died suddenly of heart disease j before I was horn, and mother and I ! were all hi all to each other; we had not j a thought apart. Xo I she is indeed dead * gone for ever'. " " Come hack, come hack," said the 1 priest, "to the faith and the church which made your mother what she was— what she is." ' I know not what further words he used, nor dare I venture to describe the feelings of the youth as he listened; hut after a while his better nature conquered entirely, and kneeling before the priest! he cried, " Beeeive me hack again, I pray you, and bless rae, even me also. O, my Father!" To this Father "Warren assented, and passed into theadjoining room, leaving the young luan alouc In the library be saw the pleture of the lady who had brought him there. "While he was still standing loolringhis new friend entered, and said quicklv, " "You are looking at the portrait of my mother. It is very like her. Is she not' beautiful r Can you not feel now how I : must miss her sweet company every hour of the day ? Is it not strange that I feel nearer hc-r to night than I have ever done since she died and left me alone f Indeed, I fee1 now as if she were not really dead—as if we must meet again. IVill you receive my confession now. Father, and give me absolution before i j sleep, and then I think T shall feel as if: the black wall between us had been | broken down forever." " "Willingly, my sou," answered the I good priest. ' Into that solemn interview and subse quent conversation it is not for us to in trude, but it was very late before they parted for the night, and it was arranged that they should meet again at the 7 o'clock service in the -Mission- room chajrel the following morning. Imagine then the disappointment of 1 Father "Warren when the service be"an and ended, and his young friend did not appear. He was very sad. He went to the j house. The door was quickly opened Li the same servant as the evening before. But, oh! how changed hi her appearance. In a voice broken by sobs she said, " He is dead. He is gone. Fussed away in ' the night in his sleep; no sound; no cry. The best master that ever Bred He toldmy husband to call hvm very ! early, and when he went to do so, he I found him lying calm and quiet, and like I a marble image." Father "Warren passed by her silently into the room; and there indeed, he found him lying calm and quiet, and very peaceful, but with such a look of bright happiness on his beautiful young face, as showed plainly that he had felt neither solitude nor fear when the angel of death came to fetch him away- ' " Who can dohbt that it washls mother who came for me last night ? " said the I priest to himself ; " for can a mother ever j forget, even in heaven, the child of her J love on earth ? " They tell of an engineer on the Xew Jcrsey Central Kailroail who is one of those men who, no matter what the pro vocation is, never use swear words. In an accident his locomotive was smashed all to pieces. The engineer walked around the wreck, gazed at it mournfully, paused, and ejaculated : " Oh, fiddle 1" Tbe curfew tolls tie knell of parting dav A jaded crowd sieaks gently o'er tbe lea— The Ushers homeward plod their weary way, .Concocting lies to tell to you and me. 