-LEONARD I.INDSAY; on, THE STORY OF A :UCCAN1EER. 8by ANGUS U. ItEACHI. ArTrEnRc XXIV.-(CouxTecsE.) At 10 o'clock exactly I took my way over the sandy beach to Iteralt' s but, which stood a little apart from the other buildings, t wards the landvward extremity- of the ranchiera. As T plodded talongu, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters : sometines Stopping to look to seaward, where all the lights of the pearl squadron glinmiered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, . suddenly heard a loud- outcry, in which I could dis tinguish the yells of an Indian, and the gruti voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, 1 conjectured, from the clash of arnms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lanterns, which gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. The men bearing them disappeared through the principal gate of the fort, and then the Indioans, who were left out aide, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, until they were threatened by the sentrios, and told they would be fired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquiro into the cause.of the tumult, but I judged thut it was probably occasioned by the arrest of an-Indian who had committed some crinme: perhaps, as was very common, stolen or secreted avatalnable pearl. However, I did niot think mutch of the matter, and soon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large house as compared with most of its neiglhbours, fenced all around with walls formed of double lines of strong tough stakes, the space between them being filled up with stones gathlered apparently from the sea beach. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into a small room, with walls roughly built of wood and stone, thlrough which the starlight tris shining at notty cracks and crevices, nd mingling wills the smoky glimmer of a great brass lump. The place contained but the most ordinary sort of turniture-a hammock hung in a corner, an oiled bag for holding clothes, a table, and two or three small chairs, or rather large stools. The table, however, was laid out for supper, and showed a capitol repast of fish, flesh, and fowl: while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and begrimed, as though they had lgog lain deep in a well-stooked cellar, made a curious contrast to the cracked crockery and wooden platters, and backed and broken knives and forks which lay beside him. "You see," quoth Peralta, " that, though I may have dealings with kings, I don't by any means live in a palace. There are idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, brocades and velvets are of ithe former class; but good meats to eat, and good wines to drink , are of the latter. Now you see I am an admirer of the substantial vanities. I love to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though itbe picked up with a broken one-pronged fork, and I love to drink the choicest vintage of Rhine or Rhone, without at all caring whether I put my lips to a golden cup which Benvenuto bath wrought, or to a calabash which Quako hath scooped before SM. er."' So saying, the pearl merchant started the sork from one of the flasks, and I tasted cettainly the most delicious draught which evier tingled on my palate. " la ?" quoth my entertainer, as I held out the empty cup to be refilled, "yoe find that better than even the most skilful sompound of rye brandy and bilge water. C'est inu aelos-you have a palate which I grieve to say many gentlemen of your kind and profession possess not, preferring the hot strqng drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas taverns, even, to such adorable nectar as this. Why, man, hold out thy glass again, the grand Louis himself cannot fish up a haoicer flask from the most sacred crypt be umath the marble pavements of Versailles." Talking in tis way-relating to me strange anecdotes touching great generals and statesaen, and even kings, with hom omy ot, to believo his ords, had held familiar converse, and the moral of all these stories being, that the gsrerals and statesmen and kings in question ws as stupid, and as easily to be uliled and laghed at as mere ordinary mortals-the supper and sae of the wine flasks were soon d atobed. Then, placing the fragments in a sor , Peralta produced a sort of purse or bag of filagree workmanship, in brightnilver, and which seemed to be the only thing of prise in his dwelling-nalways excepting the coats and wines-and taking from it some tobacco of most delicate savour, we began to smoke and discuss the second bottle, which was of a diffeorent kind from the first, the wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and seming, as he told me, from Dijon in Bur undv. Wiile we sat thus, my entertainer took almost all the conversation to himself. He spoke of things new and strange to ano: of the crown jewels of mighty poten lates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in the filthy back lanes of the cities of Europe-in the Jewry of London, the Juden strasse of Frankfort, and the Ghetto of isome. " And your brave Christian goes past, stopping his nose for the savours of fish fried in oil, and elbowing and jostling the hook mosed, shabby old men who make way, with many a 'Give you good e'en, my lord; ' and ' Faugh ! ' says he, 'these stinking unbelievers; why be they not packed bodily off to their holy city again '-and so passes lie by, to kneel, and cringoe, and hiss thoekint's hand; while all the time-ha ! ha! ha I-that very king is thinking and ponder ing in his small mind how best he can squeeze the next subsidy out of his faithful sities and towns, and so release the brightest jewelin the regalia, now held in pawn by old Isaac, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the ery dirtiest, raggedest, yellowest-skinned .an hookedest-nosed of the whole brother hood-ha ! ha i ha !" The pearl merchant said this with so much gnsto, and laughed with so much glee, that I began to think'hto must be one of the fraternity himself. He seemed to divine my thoughts, ,for, as if I had spoken them, he, as it were, replied " No. no, no I Senor Buccaneer, although Ihave mtouch traflia with the seed of Abralham, I am none of their kindred ; were I such, I -wouldbe wiser than to come here to live in a sty on this scorching coast, driving hard ibsargains for sick oysters." My entertainer then went on with his stories of European courts, and I was listen ing with open mouth, as he told, with many a quip and many a sneer, how, under the -guidance of one Chiflinch, he had one night passed up the back stairs at Whitehall to hold a secret interview with Louise de Queraillco, since Duchess of Portsmouth, touching cer 'tai jewels which it was convenient to raise maney upon until there should come a re mittance from the courtof Versailles, through Monsigneur Barillon, the amnbassador of Louis; when all at once there came a loud rap, accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the door. Peralta started quickly up, but with aout appearing at all discomposed, and open ing the door with speed, a handsome fellow, a mulatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in, . explaiming at the same moment, in a load whisper : "a Jun and Blanco are both detected i " Then, seeing me, Ihe stopped as suddenly as though he had been shot; but 'emralta speedily reassured him. " Go on, man; go on. He who etandeth there is my friend; ihe is one of us; go on. Have they confessed? " SAll," replied the mulatto. " They first told the truth, and thcz a great deal more than the truth, in hopes the better to save Sthsir necks. I Equeezctd in with them into thb fort, and heard it all. The soldiers are soming. I heard tlhe order given." Peralta stood etill for a momaent, and then \- aid hurriedly, "Doth it blow ?" The mulatto replied, that there was a light aironly, from the eastward. "With the tide two hours on the ebb. That will do well. Disco is on board the spiratcua? >The mulatto nodded eagerly. Poralta turned to me-" I supposoe." quothi he, " you Shave no objection to make a start of it this very hour.-" "None, none, I replied," wondering with my wholu soul at the meaning of this strango scene. "Follow me, then, and do no I do," re plied Peralta. Ho swallowed hlis last cup of wrine, and smiled when he eaw eme copying his example to the letter. Then, blowing the lanmp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously nmongst the scattered huts. I now that it was no timea for questions, so put none, though I was aln!most bursting with ouriosity. In a minuto or two we hleand tho measured tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the elash of ltheir arms and the "leans of their amps hurst forth together as tiey marched round the corner of a small street, fol. lowed hyi great many Indians. There was a hollow place clos Iv where hle stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into this P'erulta sanl: suddenly, flinging himself flat upon the ground, while the mulatto and I -followed his exanplo. In a minute the soldiers marched by, with their attendant ront of Indians gabbling and chattering very eagerly. " ow," iquath ronilta, "for thso beach, and nalke :as little noise as youI can in run ninur." With tlhse words, off hlie set, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought . possible. However, the mulatto and- I kept close behind him,' mcetiaglnabody; althoni. heard ac dastnnt' tumult: of 'v'oioes.io'"tlob irnclieria, and the tramp of ipeoplo running hither and thither. Thscre were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stlakes rising from aI small slippery jetty, and sheer ing backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of those skiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if hle had been a waterman at Whitehall Stairs, we follow ing closely upon his heels; but just as we as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Perlta e:ied out to us to hold, and then steppin back uplon the jetty, very cooly cast lasso the painters of tte whole of the re maindc-r of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of the ropes together, as a conechman does his reins, lie shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as hlie passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squaidron of boats following in our wake. "Pull away, my good fellons," Peralta then said, taking an oar out of one of the skiffsbehindus, "I will steer you." Our course was down the stream, and we swept nlong very rapidly, while, looking back, we couldsee, by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. Inna minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Pernhta only laughed to him self. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, "it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must when the devil or an angry Spaniard drives." All this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, cow began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affeooted it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, "Disco! Disco, ahoy!" Along shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her two high raking masts, and, pauing on our oars, we heard the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. " Disco is all awake," said Pralta, and in a moment more we were alongside and tumb ling into the piragua, which, notwithstand ing her very considerable size, was so light as to rock violently as, one by one, we lenped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a Moesquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamour on shore, and he asked eagerly what the matter was. " The matter," said Peralta, " is that we mnust-get to sea as soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher-that puff quite ruffled the water. Jonipa," this was to the mulatto, " jump forward and cut the cable no time for weighing. Disco, get a sweep or an oar out on the larhoard bowe to cant her head round. Lindsay, bear a hand my man, and get the canvas upon her, or some of our friends ashore will o swimming down upon us with their knives in their teeth." LUU cousness u1 reXraia was capiru to see. Just as Jenipa's knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bows of the piragua, she swung round with her head towards the shore we had just left, while Pernlta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the fore sail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of us olapping on to the haulyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the topof the mast, and then catching the faint puff of the sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in the night time, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail upon the piragua. We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugsail was very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, up the mast, and when after having made fast the haulyards, nud trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. heard no loud rushing gurgle, such as vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet thelights upon shore were flying by us as though we were borne on horseback towards the sea-the great white flakes and stripes of froth whichhad floated into the river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble-while the skiffs which Peralta had cut loose were almost outof sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Perdlta laughed pleasantly. " Your Will-o'-the-Wisp may be fast, Senor Buccaneer," lie said, " but no craft that ever camo off the stocks of European ship-builders will sail with the boats which the Indians-savages we call them-can scoop with rude tools out of a single glorious tree. Do we not move like an apparition-a sea spirit? Let the Spaniards chase us in their clumsy wooden boxes, the pirague will earn her right to her name, thonghl all the navy of Old and Now Spain were flashing in her wake. I call her the Ghost; does not she glide like one fleeting to the sepulchre at the first glimpse of the light of the morn ing?" I looked at Peralta, beginning to suspect that the sudden flurry, coiing after the humming wine, caused hlm to vapour a little but, if it were so, he very soon came to him self. "Hark!" said Disco, "the surf on the bar." " And see," added Jenipa, " the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the offing." "Forward, and look out, bothof you," cried Peralts, sharply. "Keep your eyes open on either bow." Meantimo I crouched down by the steers man on the weather- quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much further to sea than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of saud, which run out from the bir, and over which most of the smaller barques could float very well. The leading alips, however, ap peared to be as close to the bar on one side as we were on the other. " Now," said Peralta, " grant that the stupidi'y of those fellows on shore will keep them from making any signal to their com rades out at sea." But the words were hardly out of his month, when the water and the sky were lit up with a mightly flash, and the loud report of a great gun-a small bat teryof which was planted before thefort-came rolling down the river; and immediately afterwards a straggling volley of small anus rattled all along the bank, as though the soldiers were dispersed and running down towards the sea. By this time, the white water on the bar was close ahead. "Starboard- starboard. Keep her a little away, master, the channelis on tholee-bow," cried Disco. The course of the piragua was altered accordingly, and glancing ahead, I saw the streak of dark water, leading to the open sea: at the same time that the tflect of pearl fi-ders answered the alarm froen ashore by kindliwn torches, waving lanterns, and shouting ani blowing horns, just as they had done the night that the privatecer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this momenut, we having drawn clear of the saud hills on shore, the breezoe freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dow of the night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, the hicts tnutened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flew by eovery swell which rolled in from the offing -not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing the foam sparkingly up into the air, butmoving rather like a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances ever the sea, rather flying than swimming-borne more by the winds than the waves. Trull-, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fashioned a craft-so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and bend, and quiver in the seas -but ever on, gaily and lightsomnely she went, sliding, is it were, without noise and without shook, lonpinn with a quick, buoyant, bounding nmotion, right over and over the k-ells, which now, as the watershoaled m;on ti.hbar,' began to roll by us, whiteI with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened his piragun to a noiseless gliding ghost. While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she wias flying across the bar in the ver7 midst of the fleet of pearl fishers.. Tho whole thing passed over nme like a vision-a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, witlh their canvas flapping, and their booms, and yards, and ropes, crcak. lug andmoaning, and rattling together-of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusly forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flushing their torhlies and lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Pcralta to lie to, and put about and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in the air. All this, I esay, appeared to pass by mo like a vision or a dream-and it only lasted for. a few brief moments-for the piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, floew through the panic- struck squadron, who could no more enteh her, than they could the shadow of iher taUll sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flungby a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragna's fore ligging, but even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed bemp fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save one or two loitorers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, os if they designed to make sail in all haste. co" Ho ! ho ! he !" laughed Peralta. " Here mes the elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little." And, indeed, any attempt of the big ship to follow us would have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more guns, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantimo we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and then setting the head of the boat about nor-nor-west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatlu, and cried," Northward Ho i for Jamaica. For about an hour, during whichtime little was spoken, Peralta hold the helm. He then called us all round him, and apportioned the watches in the ordinary seaman fashion-I beingplaced with Disco, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed up whose watch should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the manage ment of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath the half- deck which extended from the bows to abaft the foremost, he coiled himself up along with Jenipa, and the pair weant very quietly to sleep. During our watch, which was tranquil, I tried to obtain some infer mation from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, hlie reminded nme very truly that I ought toknow more about the reason of our departure than he, having come from the shore, while hehadboen sleepingon benrd tlhe piragua. At that I told himwhatlhadheard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the truth. The Mosquitto man merely shruggedhis shoulders, and said he could make nothing of it, although I eraw vry well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binnaclelamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confeas. Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to eon sider the whole naffanir, and putting Peraltas lhints about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the merchant bought of the cap tlia of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by deal ing quiietly with the openers themselves, to which class I cossclsded that Juan and Blanco must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I rememn bored muehi that I had heard touchisug the great number of pearls supposed to he sec teed by the Indlianss, in spite of the utmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamsunica cloops had, I knew, cre now gone to hover near the Rio do la Efceli, havingcheiragents and correslondests, in various disguiecs, lurk ing upon the coast, and of course keeping up communication with the Indian divers and openers; but the adroitness and courage shown by Peraltn in living as a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and supporting the character of a regular peirt merchant, commsnicustiog with the captain of the fishery, while in reality lie wa driving the best part of his tride by mnisderhand dealing with the Indinas, conducted, no doubt, at great and constant risk of detection and death; all this inspired me with no small respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of tie piragua. Then I thsoughlt with what cool generalship he had conducted the retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking his measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if ho were depart ag upon a plensure craise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with him the amisount of pearls, which I felt sure that he inust hlaso amassed; but a few moinutes' reflection convinced me, from the perfect unconcern with which he had walked out of the hut, not caring to pick up any one article of those strewn about, that all the valuables which he possessed on shore, he carried constantly coiicealed about his person. Indeed, in the matter of such costly toys as pearls, or precious stones, a man's own garments formed by far the safest depository to be found ii the ran chiera. While brooding over these things, the night passed silently away. With the grey dawn, Peralta relieved me, and we crept in our turn under the half- deck, and slept until the sun rose high into tlhe unclouded hecaven, and the piraguna was staggering along ainder reefed cnvus, bending over to the whistling trade-wind, and leaping from sea to sea like a hunted stag. During tie day, little of note occurred. Perults avoided takinig me further into his confdence, and I had tart enughis ti see that I ought to refrain fromi seoning to intrude upon his zmy.tery. As I watched him, howcver, 1 ottens sawr him bitolhis thin lips, and wrinkle hiis forehead, and clench his hand, as if dis tressingthoughts haunted him; and at last he brokeo out, addressing nobody in particu lar, but speaking mqpodily to himself SThose poor follows!" hoe cried, "those poor fellows, Juan and Bl,neo-I would gi oveery pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and sound in this piragun. The Spaniards will Lang them; nay, indeed, it may have been already done, and their bodies are swiging in this samosnea- brceze" Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort we co!ld have possibly made would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. " No, no," said l'eralta. " We could not have got them out of trouble; but we have been the anuses that they fell into it." He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, hle drew it forth, the hollow of the palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in the sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then ise poured the precious morsels from one hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his aloep. "Ay," he cried, ' and ynou will sparkle in th onets of : ibbies, or mayhap you will ri d fall on the white bosom of some peerOss beauty naeroCs the western sea. Little will sho think how her braveries have bLen won. Little will she think that the geaus of her adornment are but as cogulanted drops of humsn blood. Iced, red, you ought to be, and not of that lying virgin whiteness-red, red, you ought to be, us the guilt of him who Lath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but as lumps of brown carrion-only good to feed the vultures and the crows!" At this, I observed Jenipa and IDisco ex chanuge curious glances with each other; but Peralta, after msusing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hiding place, enid resumed, to a certain degree, his usual manner. " I doubt not, he said to me," presently, but that your nauteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. The two pnoor savages of whom I spoke were indeeu my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare pearl hath come to my wallet, instead of their Spanish tass-masters. But all is over now. While I remained on shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it beef within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring them off, but it fell out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find the next world a better one than this.' Having pronouneed this curious sort of funeral oration, Peraltan straighltway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily ancross the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and haulyard cracking and straining: the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gamsbolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polished sides, she tore away upon her head long course. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, sending the young hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the pirasun for very cheery-heartedness-Peralta snihing slyly at my untics-and sometimes lifting up my voice, I sang an echoing chorus to the music of wind and wave ! " A day or two,' I thought, "and I shall see. sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jcm, the true hearted, and Nicky Hamstring, the morry minded !" Alas! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay-not I so fast! There are perils and sufferings for you, by sea and land, ore you step upon English ground again 1 CHAPTER XXV. TUE PIXOACUA 55 PICKED UP S? A GREAT PRIVATEER, AND I PUD MYSELF ASLONG NEW SnIPILATES. We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. At the setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of tho Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle watch. I roused up about an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragna heaving upon smooth, oily swells, all un ruffled evcn by a puff of wind. There wasn a great dank mist around us, packing upon theb water as thick as smoke from a man-of war's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chill damp I walked up and down the small fore deck of the piraguna, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow away to lee ward the filthy fog, which seemed, as it were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the piragun. Stending at the bows, I could not see the stern, and isa for the heads of the sails they were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as the black.looking undulations of the sea rolled underus, the mist seeming to rise audfall with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from the motion of the waves, although not a breath of wind strayed over the ocsan. I might have been upon duty about half an hour, when I almost leaped from the deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whence I knew not, but ringing shrilly through the thick air, aloud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. " Disco," I shouted, "did you hear that' What was that cry ! " But the Indian, instead of answering me, stood dumb and trembling, as though struck with terror. Instantly the cry was repeated, and even loader and more vehemently than before. "It is a spirit," said the Indian. '"It is some bad spirit of the fog. It will comne to us and kill uIts." But I heeded not the superstition of the ignorant creature, and made but one bound to where Pcralta lay sound asleep, olutching and shaking him to arouse him, and telling him in the same breath that there was either a ship or a boat close aboard of us in the fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for the space of about ten minutes we listened with all our cars, but heard no sound, other than the flapping of our sails and the creaking of the yards as they rubbed and swayed against the insats. It was odd that, although both Disco and myself heard the cry so distinctly repeated, we neither of us could tell the direction from which it appeared to come. P'orbaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oars, we know not in which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, and which would certainly be more than a nmatch for the light piragua and her crew of four. All this while thie dawn was gradually brightening through the mist; the fog, which before was of a pitchy darr. ness, becoming gradually of a pale grty hue, and then lifting and opening here and there, so as to show lanes, as it were, and patches of clear air, which, in the next moment, would he ngain filled up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the nmlt was evidently thinning as the sun approached to the horizon, and we watched warily to eatch thei first glimpso of our unknown neighbour. P'resently, the fog began to change its cold white hue for a tinge or blush of warm and golden light, which appeared, as it were, to penetrate and pervade the vapour, and by which l ce knew that the sun had risen; while, at the same time, our glimpses into the ever-shifting lanes and clear spaces continually being formed by the motion of the seething wreaths and masses of vapour, becoming overy moment longer and clearer-Peralta, who was standing upon the starboard gunwalo of the piragua, suddenly exclaimed, in a low, earnest tone, " There ! look there !' We all turned round at once, and saw, not thirty fathoms from us, the dusky broadside and towering rigging of a ship. She was gracefully rocking upon the long seas, the mist nall urling round her, and floating, as it appeared, in blurring patches and masses aRttong her extended sails, so that lthe masts and all the fabric of spars and canvtaswhich they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no time, however, to tnake ny very minute examination of the stranger. Sun saw us as soon as we saw Iher, and half a dozen men, clustering into the aunin rir ing, lshouted out, in French and Ikmglisli, Ehat we should pull the piragun alongside. I. looked at Penrdtu. He slightly slhruggrd his shoulders. ' If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " Ho ! the piraguan ahy !" was nownr cain hailed front the strange ship-" come along side, d'yo hear, or it will be worse for yott." This tlhreat had hardly been uttered, whlen, as if to back it, a cannon was fired from the maindeclr, and we heard the ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pass above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away. and, as it were, con densing and annihilating, by the shoek of the explosion the vapour all nrouetd-so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at least twelve cautons upon a side, with top-sails and top- gullant-sails spread, but the yards braced elutnusily, the canvas ill set, and muchl of the ri gin .in a loose and disorderly conditin-thol jibindeed hanging in great festoons duwn from the bowsprit-so tilhat when the ship plunged by the head, the canuvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arios, thle water pouring from the belly of the stil as from at tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to be a great swanmu of men, who suddenly clustered upon tihe bulwarls and in the rigging to gazo at us, and one of whom, a varlet witlh long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out " Why, comrades, never believer your eyes -if it be not Old lRumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven kndws how many places besides. Whtat cheer, Old Rlumbold Htst been a privateering in bark canoe-or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of thie Halin 1" Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for hlie immediately took otff his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or Rumbold that he was an honest fellow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearl merchant, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. "Had it not been for that cureed fog," he whispered, "this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'eu row with the tide and humour them." LTe DE cOsIemceD. 