WHERE DID THE " GHOST IDEA" COME FROM ? (LONDON" smtCTATOi:.) " I.ulv Welby has boen vory badly reported, baiilylhatit is difficult to decide from the condensed account of in 7'Ar whether fcbo w;is 011 the side of Iho materialists or on that of the angels. It is uvidunt, however, oven from that report, that tho question sue raised, before the British Association of Leeds, was one of tho lirst intellectual importance, und one which; though uot new. has never, we bulievu, been quite adequately discussed. She asked wliother those who believe that human thought, Hko man' himself, is a product of slow evolution continued through entire cvelos of time, recognise nt.o great " break" in tfio process, or, if they do net recognise it, how they account for thu intrusion of the 44 ghost idea." Tho governing notion of those who consider that the human intellect is a result of ovolution, is thiit.inan slowly accumu lated experience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, uwlj by meditation, arrived at hist at abstract and non-material thought, llo couHiderod.thouffcctnf revenge, for uxntapjo, and its operatiou iu tribil society, till he arrived at tho idea ©fjmd. rovetige, or, as we cull it, ol justice; nuu Anally, his horizon over widening, at tbo lofty conception that, forgiveness might occasionally, or even frequently, ho more To Iho general advantage, or, iu other words, might ho nobler, and therefore to bu adopted. A Iixvt theory leaves a great dual iinoxpluiucu — fur iustunco, the original diclliulty why ono par- ticulnr animal should havo advanced so tar whilo tho remainder continued stationary— but still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a great array of facts, and does, if accepted, explain a great many of tho phcuonicua. Much of thought is eortaiutya result of expe- rieuco aud observation, and much more may bo; and if wa allow limitless timo, and concedo that man forgets very little— a concession, by- tlio-way, wholly at varismco with Ins known history — avu may extend tho result of teaching by experience until it covers nearly tho wholo field of Imuran intelligence. It docs not, buw ever, cover quito tho whole field. There is always ono prodigious 44 break," as Lady \\\ olby calls it— namely, the intrusion of the 4 ghost idea," using that term either to indicate tho whole body of beliefs about tho supernatural, or tbo special conceit that man will iivo again. How did that fancy creep into mau's mind, arid at lastassume its dominunco there ( Olearly lio cannot havo derived it from experience. He certainly did not live again himself, even in tho tertiary poriod, uud it does not lie iu tho mouth of purely scientific men to allicra that lio had anv evidenco tlmt anybody also did. What ovidcnco could ho have? Of course, if ho actually saw or heard or smelt the shades of 'persons who had returned from another stato of- beiug, het had evidence upon which to construct his theory ; but -thoro is no one in tho full lightof science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibility of any occurrence of tho kind. Nobody in scientific belief ovor saw a ghost, or heard a ghost, or smolt a ghost ; ami how then did the ghost idea come in ? how, that is, diu a belief opposed to. continuous human expo- rienco generate itself in tho lmman tnuidP Most illusions aro tho cousequence of a mis- understanding of phenomena ; but iu this instunco there aro no phenomena to mis understand, nothing whatovur of any sort that could oven remotely tend to induco reception of tho fallacy. No animal lives a"ain, aud no vegetable, cxcopt in its original form, and with its original quaff- tics. There was, in fact, a sudden break in tho dovelopmont of tho human mind, asuddon step hack, ns Lady Welby suys. from tho procoss of induction from facts iuto a rcgiou of illusion, of mere fancies, of nonsense iu faot-— a stop all tho more remarkable because it ciuiuot havo conduced towards survival. On tho contrary, it must havo tended to wasto the mental powers of thoso who mado tho step, as well as their timo, upon unreal phantasies, ami ought to have given to tho better and stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantago in the race. Thcv wero unburdened in their tank of making thisworld more endurublo to them- solves, it was not so, however, for tho men spocially addicted to tho ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to have perished as victims of a mental disease, triumphed ull along tho lino, displayed special faculty for continuous pro- gross, nnd uio now more gifted than any other ivision of the human spocies. What is, or can bo, on tho strict hypothesis of- evolution, the. explanation of that r ; Itiuay bo said that primitive man was subicot, like the modem man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in ono way , correct. Man was pro- bably Vpry Blow to separate' tbo evidenco of dream from tho ovidonce of fact. Tho native of Guiana, Mr. Jiiu Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so euro that his dream is pert of his actual lifo, that if ho dreams you have assailed him, I10 will, on waking, assail you with a violonco which, to his victim, or intended victim, is quito inexplicable. But thou, how did thu gh06t idea get iuto tho dreams? People dream odd things, but they do not dream absolutely new thiuga— that is, things uot only outside their experience, but outsido tho imagination developed from thiuking about tho collected results ot experience cither per sonal or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless ho had pre viously conceived of spirits or unguis or devils, sleep recoinbining thoughts often most fantasti cally, hut not actually creating thorn out of uotiiing Otherwise man would havo self- generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, ami tho evolutionary hypothesis would neces sarily go to pieces. Ana even if u man did in a dream see a spook, and got tho . notion that it was himself or another appearing alter death— a vory wild supposition — why should that par ticular dream, unsupported by general expe rience, and, indeed, oppoicd to general expe rience, be tbo ono dream which mastered tho world 'i It would not explaiu anything to priinitivo man, or holp him in the conflict for existence, or, above all givo him any comfort ; for if wo kuow anything about savages— nud wo know very littlo— it is that tho ghost-idea is to a savage asourcuof unmitigated) terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did he single out au un comfortable dream-born fnntasy, to make of it an important motor iu hi« career, a career of which all the rest consisted iu utilising slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur rent faet3 ? Tho occurrence of dreams will not oxplain tho 44 step back," nor will tho theory, onco so popular, that religion was born of human fear, Whenco tho fear of what had never happened ? There wnB nothing visible or audible to causo such a fear, stilt less to cause so tremendous an effort of tho imagination as tho existence of life after death. Grant Fopo's notion that tho savage fears the thunder or the tempest till ho recog nises in them some power above himself, aud still there is no relation between that- fear, which, moreover, ought to have weakened ami not strengthened him, aud tho notion of a future stato which he had never sceu cr lieanl of. Tho lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The converse idea is better than that— namely, tbat the belief is a result of iutonso wishing, of a sovereign desire for a Irapnier lifo; but that nho explains very little. Why did that partieuhir wish become so concrete ns, in the tooth of all experience, to becouio a faith ? No other wish did, iiotovon the savage's greatest wish of all, for more easily procutablo food. Wo do not think much of the argument to which Ladv Welby appears tout- tach I'orco, that 110 other animal has been victimised by tho ghost-illusion, for we do not kuow in the least what animals think; and so fur ns wo can kcc, man is the only animal who accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except iu tho most limited degree, any experi ence at all. But, confining tho argument to man, what nrado him accept a weakening illu sion, contradicted by every fact of which ho or his fathers had any cognisance ? He believed iua thing which I10 had never seen or heard of, uud for which, through nil tho cycles during which he was accumulating from experience) thu materials of thought, ho had 110 ovidcnco what ever. Why- To us, and wo suppose to all Christians who liavb thought upon tho subject, there appear tu bo only two rmtsmrablo auawcrs to that ques tion. One, which in practice is, of course, quito futile, is thnt primitive man actually had' evidenco that ho had seen or heard at some timo or other that which inspired conviction in his mind. IIo bocatuo as euro of another lifo as of the action of sunlight, and for tho satno reason, becauso ho Had watchod its tnartfcstatioiis. This, which wus the universal theory of the auciont world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, wo quito admit, a purely con- jcctuialhypothosis. We know little, oxcept by conjecture, of the experience of primitive man, nothing whatever of his mind, and, aboveal), nothing whatov» r of his thoughts about things non-material. Ho may havo had a great many, us soma existing savages havo; or ho may havo had bono, us seems to bo tho case — and possibly ouly seems— with some of tho very lowest tribes. Ho may havo been closer to tho in visible world than wo aro, as tbo legends of ail races affirm ; or bo may havo been, as tbo modern animals are supposed to bo, much further off. Thoro caii Ira no ovidcnco on tho subject, and, except as un intellectual exercise, it must always bo useless to discuss it. The other answer Is that, whatovcr the truth about tho ovolutiou of thought— and part of tho theory is almost visibly truo— somo thoughts must be intuitional, must, that is, have been generated in man originally by nome oxternul power. Nothing is solf-gouernted; and yet thoy do not spring from experience, which, in fact, so firms- material experience 'is toucerued, donieB and refutes them. The first of those thougbrs— it is uot the imly one— is that idoa of tho future date io which Lady Welby rnfors as the great44 break" Iu tbo evolution of mind, the conception which Mhmildhuvo buidened its recipients in tho great race, aud so extinguished them, but which, on tho coutraiy, on evidence admitted by materialists, made them run tho faster. That thought certainly diil not como from c.t|>ciicnco; and if it did nut, what becomes of evolution us a theory explaining fully tho existeuce of tho 2>re!,c,,t mind <>f rann'r 