GOSSP r. >1 Mr. Mantalini was wont to subdue his too devoted partner by calling up before her vision how he would look as "a dem'd damp moist unpleasant body! 1" But the Thakoor of the Rajputana monastery has hit upon - a still more sensational mode of intimidat ing the English political agent when he tried recently to enforce the payment of some village taxes. The Thakoor or Abbot having been arrested for non payment, a hundred .of the brethren rushed violently into the agent's com- c pound; and not only declared that they would kill themselves if their venerated chief were not at once released, but actually made the .most business-like preparations for self- immolation by c burial alive there and then l Four c graves were dug, and in each yawning tomba priest sat himselfdown, all ready and prepared for the earth to be a shovelled in upon him immediately, if " the Englishman refused to release his prisoner. The agent's heart failed him at the idea thus visibly presented of having his compound turned into a cemetery for native priests, and, he released the Abbot before any more graves could be dug.. This was a few months ago, and the other day it be came necessary to renew the levy of the tax, and the same little drama was renewed over again This time, ihow ever, the British Resident was as stony-hearted as good Mrs. Mantalini herself grew, after her scapegrace hus land had ruined her ; and when what may be* called " the blackburying season" had duly set in, the officials interfered forcibly. The self-devoted priests fought with knives and daggers fort?he privilege of being earthed in, bet they were eventually overpowered and sentenced t6 various terms of imprisonment, the'Abbot getting three years, Anew wrinkle for drawing custom in New York is the keeping open of dentel establishments all night for the special accommodation of those who have to work all day and cannot afford to lose time by spending it in a dentist's chair. The idea is a practical success. The frit week shows a patronage almost if not quite as large as during the day. Operators say that the quiet of the streets by night has a soothing effect on the nerves, which are not so sensitive to pain as when tenselystrong by. day and by the excitement of daylight sur roundings. A story is related on thl'e Continent ~oneerning the trousseau of the Princess Beatrice, who ordered that on all ?hr hoesehold linen, instead of the tradi.. tiodal monograni and coronet, suitable pcrverbs and sayings out of the Bible 'sould be embroidered. Butin tho couirse of the nork a difficulty arose: the articles being very numerous, sufficient and suitable Biblical sayings could not be fond. The Princess was applied to, but still the number ran short; so she in her turn asked her liebe Heinrich to write some suitable sentences, but in the Latin ,tongue. The Prince seemed anxious to satisfy his beloved Princess, and soon sent her in a number, which were, rapidly embroidered by deft fingers in blue' and red on the delicate linen. But now the Princess, wishing to translate the same, has discovered with surprise and pain the deception of liebe Hein rich, and that instead of sacred verses they were the commencement of love songs much in use among German students. This jest has much amused everyone. At first the Princess was very angry, but finished by being amused at what she styled the wit of her dear Henry. Her Most Gracious b31ther and Queen was duly incensed by her son- in-law's naughtiness, and the ruffled plumage required a great eal of stroking down before she could forgive or forget his jeu P'esprit. A more curious ending to a law suit n the following is seldom heard of. he wife ofa well- known man about own suspecting that her husband was 't quite all that he should be, had ,n watched, with the result that she ent one fine miorning to her solicitor, ad instructed him to counnence pro vedigs on her behalf for a divorce. a due time the petition was put on e file, the citation issued and served, ad the case was down on the list to heard very soon after the vacation. few days ago, agitated and excited, lady called again on her legal re resenotive, and, amidst tears and U ? luested him at once to stop oceedings. " Certainly, madam, cer Jily. Am I to congratulate you en On a reconciliation '. "Oh dear I' responded the fair client; "no thing of the kind.. Dear James was killed the other day in a railwayn acci dent, and now I want you to commence an action against the company for damages !" "I told you so" is so often a :oman's exclamation, even before she has heard a story half out, that not unfrequently she lets herself in for a very decided snub. Wives are, as a rule, very much given to this sort of thing, and one impatient spouse recently thus came to grief,' in a manner which served her right. Her husband had been ailing, and after much persuasion consented to have the doctor called in. He cam?e, diagnosed his patient, and then for a few moments sat, as doctors do, looking very wise, or trying to do so. Turning to the invalid, he some what suddenly said. "Do you smoke cigarettes 1" "There," exclaimed the jubilant wife, " I told you so; I knew all along it was through that nasty to bacco you were ill. I hope now you'll leave off smoking. I'm quite sure it disagrees with you, and I'm so glad we called in the doctor." Thereupon the patient began to wake his excuses, and murmured something about not consuming more than one or two boxes a day, but concluded by asking the doctor whether he thought he was suffering from the "tobacco .heart." "Tobacco heart, indeed," hastily chimed in the wife; " no, it's not come to that yet, I hope, but it soon wilL- And it is evident the doctor thinks so; else why should:he ask you about your smoking r' "Ah, why indeed 1' replied, the 'down- trodden A GOOD JOKLE. husband. "But perhaps he'll tell us." ' Well," quietly remarked the physi cian, "fact is, .I smelt tobacco when I came into the room, and thought I should like to have a quiet smoke with you myself." Instantly there was a young whirlwind in the room; then the door was loudly banged, and the two men enjoyed a calm and blissful half hour of smoke and sociability ? But what about bed-time? A very ancient perfumery establish ment in Paris preserves religiously among its archives a venerable set of " books" in which are recorded the orders executed and the payments received from Royalty and aristocracy during the last half of the eighteenth century. As may be supposed, the entries in these volumes are a page from history, and of the most amusing kind. The aged tomes are a curiosity per se;. they are bound in pale red calf ; and on the fly leaf of each figures the, following inscription: " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost! May God lrosper our labours!" French and English per fumers alike would stare if anyone proposed to them thus to preface their account with an appeal to the blessing of the Sacred Trinity; but such was the custom of the ages before the Revolution, and perfumers saw no incongruity in thus heading their list of purchasers of rouges and unguents, perfumes, and cosmetics, many of whom were very frisky ladies indeed, who bought such articles with no more correct motives than those of the Queen of old who "painted her face," &c.; to tascinate Jehu. Kor was their fate, poor souls, much better than that of Jezebel; for these books contain many a name that was afterwards called as the victims passed out to the tunibril, and whose owner made a brave but ghastly end at the guillotine. The Princess do Lamballe herself figures in their pages; she was very particular about her perfumes, and ordered any amount of "pommade an citron." The King and Queen are among the customers, too; Louis XVI. liked amber and orange flowers, but brilliant ·iary Antoinette preferired extracts of roses and musk, and scents of the kind at, once. pungent and delicate. Princess Victoria of Germany, 'the prettiest of the, Empress Frederick's daughters,` who is engaged to marry Prince Adolf of Schaumburg-Lippe, is a clever and accomplished young lady, boasting proficiency in many branches of sport and art not commonly associ ated with Royal blood, least of all when it flows in feminine veins. She is not only a capital horsewoman, but a clever whip as well, and handles a four-in hand with consummate skill. To a proficiency as a pinanist she adds a mastery of the banjo which would not disgrace a music-hall performer. When is added to this varied list of talents the personal graces of the young Princess, who is a pretty blonde, full of spirits and animation, it will be seen that the Prince is an unusually lucky fellow.: A very little food goes a long way with a giraffe. - 