ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. STOCKTON. DI)edicatioua ervlce. ON Sunday last the pretty, new Church of St. Paul's, lately built for the use of the followers of tile Church of lng and bhre, was formally opened. The main features ot what theo building was to be luve ,lreardy been given lo these columns It may hero, however, be briefly stated that tlle church, which is of brick, picked out withl stoneo and roofed with slate, meaour;'a OttI in length by 50ft in width at the broud,.,t part., while the height to the ridge is 45 t. There is thus ample ventilation and gtdd light ing, the windows being lnumerous and large. The ceiling is lined with iauri hoards, set diagonally, notl testelully painted. There is seating commnn.dation for a congregation of 500, and the cervices hold on Sunday bore out Ithee hpes of the designers, that every utterance fromn the pulpit would be equally audeible in every sitting throughout the church 'hle total cost has just been about £2500. At each service there wore fully 100 perso~'t present, amonng Whom wore to be nt cd a large number of promirnent NeoWacust:ou citizens. TPwo services wero.held-one, that of formal dedication, at 3 o'clock in the aetornoon, whereat the attendance was eo great that forms had to be br ought in from the old church to provide extra accommodation, and a large number even then were compelled to stand. It would be no exaggeration to ea3 that on thlis occasion close iupon 600 persons were within the building. A\l trhe internal deco rations were very bright uand eye-pleasing, and tilre provision, by many..ell wiabers, of beautiful floral offerings, which wore tasto tully arranged iu promicent plices, gave the whole of the interior a tmost charming ap pearance. 1he serviee weas opened by Canon Selwyn enterirng the church by the nortlh door under the tower, aceompanied m proceesion by tihe Revs. S. C. J. Grime, J. P. Ohis, W. Swindle huret, G. Browne, and Mr. A. 'i'horper. At :he entrance they were ma50 by tihe incum bent, thie Rev. W. F. James, supported by. tie churchwardens-Meesre 0 Ohatfield, ten., O Bruce, E. Recr, and W. J. 'Thomar. Tho INxcvrn?t?NTrr here read the following petition:--"I, Willirm Fetoen James, in cumbont of the parish of Stockton, do heroty present this petition to you, Artlhur fdward Soiwyn, Canon of Christ Church and Vicar General of the diocese of Newcastle, request. ing you to dedicate and sot apart to the ser vice of Almighty God this churbch, to be known as the Church of Saint Paul's, t baev ing been provided and built to the glory of God, and for the use of the members of the church in this parish." To this the CANoN at once reeranrded in the following werds:e-I, Arthur Edward Selwyn, C.non of Christchurch and Vicare General of the diocese of Newcastle, do with much pleasure soet apart and dedicate this church of BSaint Paul's to the service of Almighty God, in the name of thie Father, and of thie Son, and of thie Holy Ghost. Amon. The 24th Psalm was noext sung, after which the ordinary dedic tiery prayers were road by the Vioar-General, who, after the singing of thie 122nd Psaln, uelurded the church duly opened for Divina service. The Rev. 5. C. J,. Grime thlr read the prayers of the ordinary evening service, the special psalms sung being numbers 8, and 132. The first lesson was read by the Roev. J. P. Ollis, and the scotnd by the PRev. VW. Swindlehlurst; and hlymns 215, 242,' 8?5, and 1I6 were sung. Tihe VIOAR-GeNERAr, afterwards preahed. a long and eloquent sermon, in whnich he dwolt upon the necessity of r having the building fitly framed together, and drow attention to tile relative value of one portion of the structure to another. iThe bricks de pended on the stone, and the* timber, found its support on the bricks. H'e then shosed. how, as a spiritual temple, it required earnest attention, carrfnrl construction, and humble preparation; roind in a general way : referred to the old building whl'h had done duty for 25 years. T?he foundation etone of this had been laid by Canon Fletcher; but the building was finished during hisa (the speaker's) term of ofhice. In the evening the Rev. H. S. MaioanD , M'.A., conducted the service, and in the course of hris sermon sxproesed veory great surprise at the magniiuence of thie building which had been erected. ie ihad expected to see some additions to the old edlifle, and to preach to a small congregation, rbut to his astonishment he beheld a largo and intellc tual body of people, anld a remarkrably hand some and capacious church. le co'nfeassed that he was deeply struck with the splendour of tile pile and the costliness of the arirange ments. Thie building committee had been most assiduous in their efforts, and, notwith standing thie various, dillleulties with which they had been beset, Ihad overcome ecory obstacle, and might well congratilate them. telves upon Iheir wonrlterfll victory. Hie preached an imepiring rermon from the text, " One thing is needful," taken from the last verse of 10th chapteor of St. Luke. The whole of the proceedings thrroughoutr' the day passed off in the mout sitisfactory manner possible; and at tile two oserrices, the liberal sum of £80 was otlleotd, of which Mr. TP. Bibby, contractor for the brilding, contributed £50. 