EUitONGILLY. (From our correspondent .) UN Monday last a welcome thunderstorm visited us, when a considerable amount of rain fell. A north-easterly wind prevailed for a couple of days previous to the fall, and this being a strong indication of rain, ac cording to those who rank themselves in the role of weather prophets, the storm did hot come unawares. There is no doubt the downpour was much heavier in other localities, but a sufficient quantity descended ? in this neighbourhood to cause a nice spring in the g-ass. On Wednesday we were favoured with a supplementary fall— a nice steady rain set in about 9 p.m and continued about six hours. You can notice the country changing to a nice green again. Mushrooms are in abundance. The past couple .of months have been what a far western grazier would term ' conkers ;' and even our own benighted lords of the soil have felt a little anxious about their stock, especially as the water was becoming some what low. Our cricketers met a team of Junee repre sentatives on the 8th instant, on the ground of the former, to',endeavour to win the ' McDonald Plate.' The game was a most exciting one throughout, and, owing to the dogged play on both sides, was not finished on Saturday, but had to be postponed till the Wednesday following, when the rain preven ted the match being brought to a close, and it was indefinitely postponed. The indivi dual players who distinguished themselves were : — For Euro ngilly — Brabin and Copper with the bat, the former making 46 and the latter 22; for Tunee — Collins 45, Moran 22, Devlin 10 and 12 (not out). Tbe successful trundlers for Eurongilly were— Brabin and McDonnell ; for Junee— Wyndham, Moran, and Crawley. Ploughing will commence as soon as the first substantial rain descends, - as the majority of the agriculturists in this district are determined to extend' the areas cropped last year. Besides, better crops are the re suit of summer ploughing, the several pro perties in the soil which are conducive to the growth of cereals b'ing, when exposed to the rays of the hot sun, brought to such a consistency that vegetation thrives twice as well as it would under ordinary circumstan ? cos. We have several proofs of this. The experiment has been repeatedly tried, and has on all occasions been crowned with sue cess. A malady appears to have attacked the horses this season. Many valuable speci mens of the equine strain are suffering from an 'eye disease,' the effect of which is to severely militate against the condition of animals thus affected ; at ail events it has in nearly every case incapacitated them for work. Some amusement was caused recentlv through one of our young men getting into a ' sciape.' It is alleged he saw a ghost when returning home late one night. The story goes on to say he became so frightened that bis hair stood on end, and, of course, his cheeks' hue came and went before he could summon sufficient courage to address himself to the fairy vision of the night. ' Speak or I fire !' he cried, in all the tones of anger that an ordinary mortal, who is afraid of being done out of a night's sleep, could use, ' Speak, or you are a dead man !' 'But the spectre said not a word, but stood stock still. The echoes died away, and the night wind sighed softly through the trees, when the frightened young man made bold to go and beard the lion in his den. Spurring his war horse to tbe charge, and with a deadly precision, aimed a blow at the ghost's head, which wan smashed into smithereens with the force of the stroke. The warrior, full of inward satisfaction, dismounted to find to his horror that the ghost was made out of card board dressed in a white sheet. That young man is sorry he ever related his night's experience with the ' artful - ghost.' 