WIT AND HUMOUR. -Ai any summer hotel : Dag-,bv (an arrival)—By the way, Bint hair, Jiou-'s the waiting managed here? Binthair (wit h a sighj-^Oh, the guests do all that! M es,' admitted the visitor, when the proud mother exhibited her baby, ' lie h:is Ins father's nose, but don't won >.. it may not always be that red.' M.ry had a little lamb. She has him now no longer, l or they made him up into eb'xir To make her grandpa st ronger. '-Mr. Benson, 1 wuz much pained 1er iieai, ob de .sudden deal h ob ver wile, jjiu dey bol a posimon--m V.aminaTion.' JA-y did, s;tn, but dv didn't hoi' it nil art. she died. Fool d..< lah mi^iit er KUo>ved he couldn't sabe her life den.' A Qivj;.v question—Cora.—/ re.dl v mu- i 0 ' o-etul not togive Mr. -Smvphe auv more encouragement:, for 1 do'not wan", to hort his feelings, iidith -Jf« has n„t piojioaed, h;is he? Cora—No, but he has 1'ff 11 f if f thought I could keep House 011 £2 a week. Had to take the lot—Jones' better-half Had presented him with twins. Wbein nurse brought them into the room for inspection the poor man was so bewildered at the multitudinous character of Ins liappmess that he asked : ' A,,i T to choose Luinley says he isn't much on grammar, but he knoxrx that the uouu w/fo 15 in the imperative mood. ladies contended for precedence at the Court of Charles V. Thev aupealed to tlie Monarch, who, like "tiofî,- tooi. awarded ' juet the elder go first." ward a SpUte was ' uevei ' known afterzen ^vhr eIi ?. Ve i i WaSa «'^l-'i^iking citizen who alleged as a reason for not wish- 5 ° U a hili Ulal climb-it did not suit him. • Give me uMoaf from vour abundant, an<^Si, Y e Pleaded the f-; '"l\ \ ou loafing all your hte-^t out er here,' replied the farmer s wile, with true oriental politeness. More poetry than truth iu this : « Do not be unhappy. When unhappv people die they become ghosts and never get to Heaven. " -iV d /°M L believo 1!l;ir voti love me."' Wut Clara, 1 have given you proofs euougii oc my j,n-e. jjjdn i 1 oilc-r to liurl juyself out of the fourth story window into the street ?" - Wbv didn't •you do it.--' "Why didn't 1 do* •it? I'll tell you why 1 didn't do it. The weather wa« bad outside. That's wbv. ji looked as if it was going to rain. '" 