HOW ARE WE TO UNDERSTAND THE TRINITY OF GOD? QUESTION. To answer this question of theology aright we must consult the bible and not the traditions of men. In the first chapter of Genesis,- vers. 26-" And God said let us make man," by this you will perceive that there was a second party concerned in the creation—verse 27 shows us who this party was. Please follow me closely while I quote the text, and -I will endeavour to show you the solution of the enigma. "So God created man in his own image in the image of God created he, him, male, and female created He THEM" If words have any meaning this text shows me most con clusively that if man was made in the image of God, male and female, God must be male and female to constitute a true likeness. The text likewise shows that man and woman when first created were male and female in the same or one body like, the flowers of a plant, male and female, growing on the same plant, but having vastly different functions or offices to fulfil, indeed, one would be useless without the other. as any horticulturist will convince you. Man perceives natures workings, and fre quently fails to see nature's God. Who was God speaking to when he said " Let us make man ?" Who would you thick would be more likely to be consulted than the female part of God ? God's partner, the Father and Mother of necessity must exist -before the Son can exist. Again Genesis fifth chapter, 1-2 verses--"In the day that God created man in the likeness of God, made he, him, male and female created he THEM, and called their name Adam in the day when they were created. This scripture shows most conclusively that the male and female were created in one body at the first in the image of God, male and female. So we have ascertained that man and woman were originally created two in one in God's image two in one, or it would not be a likeness, male and female. God the Father said to God the Mother, or Holy Female Spirit, "Let us make man." We have no scriptural proof that Jesus Christ was con sulted in the matter. I look upon Jesus Christ as the firstborn spirit from the Father and the Mother. All good Christians admit that God is the Father of all spirits. Will somebody be good enough to tell me who is the Mother of all spirits ? To reason of a father without a mother is an absurdity. Read fourth chapter of Galatians, verse 26 "Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all."' So you will perceive that we have got to know from plain scriptu ral teachings not only who God consulted in the creation of man, but St. Paul tells us her name—Jerusalem—above the mother of us all. God the Father of all spirits. Jerusalem the mother of all spirits. This frees man kind from the imputation of being spiritual orphans on the mother's side. Male and female were one until God took the rib from Adam, before this they were both called Adam. After this separation they are called Adam and Eve, yet they are called one in nature and essence, but separate in individua lities, and when a son is born a third indi viduality comes on the scene, but all from one Adam. The mother Eve is taken from Adam's side, and father and mother beget the son, consequently the three are one in nature and essence, having proceeded one from the other; in no other way can I reconcile a trinity, either of man or God, an to prove that I am right in my con clusions—Is not God the Father omni present? that being granted, will any person have the assurance to tell me that Jesus Christ is ominipresent? if so, I say he is not, and I say so advisedly. Jesus Christ ascended up into Heaven a body of flesh and bones, or else his disciples did not tell the truth, read Acts first chapter, verse 11. This same Jesus shall return as lie ascended. That being so, how can lie be omnipresent ? He continually told his disciples that he was going to leave them, and so lie did, and promised to send the comforter, or Holy Spirit, or MothlerJerusalem. Above mother of all spirits, who is more fitting to comfort children in their distress than their mother? Holy Ghost or spirit the comforter. Don't run away with the idea that I am advocating the worship of tihe Virgin Mary. (Oh. no.) I nail my colours to the mast. "There is one God, and one mediator between God and man, the man Jesus Christ." First Timothy, 2 chapter, verse 5. If the Trini tarians and Unitarians and Sectarians would read their bibles more, and pay less attention to orthodox church dogmas, we might reasonably expect a better state of feeling to exist amongst the sects instead of exulting in the name Wesleyan, Presbyterian, Baptist and so forth. Our great concern should be : Am I Christ's. Is He the chiefest amonrgst ten thousand-the altogether lovely to me if so,,I ams assured ihe will plead. my cause before God the Father in such an able manner that I shall recevie pardon of all my sins, and the gift of tIhe Holy Ghost, the mother or comforter, to abide with me for ever. Indeed, I shall be received into the favour of Father, Mother and Son, the Trinity of the Godhead, and become one of thie family, a brother of Jesus Christ, and he will not be ashamed to own mre as a brother when he comnes, as he miost assuredly will. And the proof is tiss : "If ye love me keep my commandments." (Saith Christ). In answering the question propounded, I have given plain scriptural proofs for all I assert, if there be those who cannot see eye to eye with me, I trust that they will imitate the example those noble Bereans who searched the scriptures, follow Saul's advice--" Search all things, prove all things, and hold fast that which is good." E H. 