Fun ad Pamisiy.1 A serious case-A dootor without one. -0 rwhat4~ ght?aitoe6 be!dir o I ? paper. What kind of shipsare meostlike scfisdeort -Cutlters. ·' A song hoard near a hive: "Be it ever so humble, there's no place like comb." When a man drinks like' a fish it doesn't follow that heis in the swim. The potato is said to be deteriorating, but it made many a mash in its better days. SVisitor: " Do you love the iono ?" Lady: "No I prefer death by eleotrsoitj." \-- IO?h you havelthe paper or please look and seo if anyone we know-has ben rn.'! ol?eience and art have advanced so fast that a muoh larger diamond c0n now he bought fora'dollar aid aoshall than for s1i0. " Snololest: "Well, my motto is, 'Live and letlive.'" Ossum: "Iss it? I thought you intended to bea dootor." "What's the outremeopenalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: "Two motherseio-low., ?ng man: Will you give assent to my marriage 'with yourdaughter, sirg" Old man (firmly): " No, sir, not a cent." The Misogynist: ,.,Yes, sir, it is .woman's mission in lifo'to make fools of men.". I The Philosopher: " What a sinecure she enjoys, .bless her."' ; . , Wife: "Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be' wandering in his mind !" Doctor (who knows Benjamin):'* Don't trouble about that, he can't go far."I A orotohetty London journal asks "1 i t is the pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers 21" No It's the girls'greenbacks. Mistress: " Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget 9" New importation: " I did, mum, but it will be some time before it fits hot, fur the fire's out." Mistress : " Norah, you must always sweep behind the doors." New Servant: es'm, I always does. It's the asiest way of getting the durrit out of eight." He presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jogular way said: "Do not let any one slsoe rmpleit, darling." "Nb: dear, I will take it off.".' Bobinson: "How about that note I hold ol yours, Brown ? :I've had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown: "Why don't you get it shaved then ?" Slittle girl, who was entertaining guests, was advised as to their amusements. Draw. ig herself up, she replied, superbly: "My dear,lI have played with children all my life I" Julia (aged sin): "We've got a new baby :at our house.". Olara (aged six): "What is it-aboyoragirl?" Julia: "Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." "What a bold thing that Miss Phlurt is li" "I should say sot Why, she actually spoke to a perfeot stranger on the beach to day just as I had got him to notice me." juuige to police ouicer) :" Are -yo sure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Officer: "Is it drunk, yer.Honor? Shure, if he had shpoko through the tilliphone the breath uv him wud have made the poles shtagger." Wibble: "I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coats ?" Wabble; "If you were a country parson with £150 a year salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask uch a foolish question as that." Bridget: "Shall I lave the ball lamp burnin', ma'am ?" Mistress::" No. I'am pretty sire Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissed me three times before he left, and gave me £2 for a new.winter bonnet." It is said that mice are just as much afraid of women as women are of mice; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are restrained from communicating the intelligence to the neople. A man passing through a gwte?ay in the dark ran aguinst a post. "I wish that post sas in the lower regions," wos his angry re mark. "Better wish it somewhere else,' said a bystander, " you might run against ii again.' . . ? aPuet's son:" Father, what does handi; capped' mean?" Poet: "I means--aheml \--t what conneetion did you hear it used, my son?" Poet's Son: "In connection with you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were handirapped by nature." Maiden aunt: "You display a great deal of agility at tennis, my dear. If I had taken such exorcise when I was young:. should be a happicr woman now." Athletio Neiee: "You flatter me, aunt, but I suppose you are right; I had two proposals on the grounda yesterday and one today." An LNTELIGaENT JUR se.--" Hasve JOU read anything abosit this case in the apers?" asked a laye aera juror in an-exclting orit. minal case. "No,sir, not aword." "Not a word, and the papers have been tull ol it I" "No sir, I don't read papers, nor any thing elso, for I can't read alall." The juror war First Doctor: "You have been spreading the report that I have poisoned several people io thio town. I ciant you to apologise." Second Doctor: "Certainty. I don't hest. tate to say that there are several people in this town whom you have not yet poisoned. Hope you are satisfied now." A?ablhe Clerk: " Can I be mistaken i Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met sc pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?': His Customer: "Why, yes, I am Mrs Crozier, and I remember your face, but i thought you told me you were engaged in relgs -pursuitsl P' Afiable lerk: "Thi is the nun's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): i, want anew novel-onet of the latest out-bul I have forgotten its title." "Here's a 'Mlid night Marriage.-just published, and it is having a-largo bale.'! "*,as it written bye woman 7" "Yeo'm." "Have the news hpers denounced it as not fit for a .oun adytoread?" "Yes'm." "Then it is jusl the on0 0 wont." · Einstein (to ihis partner): -".Isaacs, yoe as oud late lad nighd, I zee. Dot musl stop, Isaacs; no more drinkin' dis mont' You hear me, Isaacs?" Isaacs: "I don'C drink in peesiness hours." Einstein: " Dot make no differ. You drink ad nighd, and effery morning your hands tremble so yor gaa't sthow a customer any of dose sheal pants initoud slakin' do buttons off." A pianist recently spent the evcning at thl house of a lady. The company was agree able, and he stayed somewhat late.; As h( rose to take his departure, the lady said "Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want yor to play something for me." " Oh, you must excuse me to-night, it isivery late, and I should disturb the neighbors." " Novel mind the neighbors," answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned our dog yester day 1" . . . Miss Araousa iJreyOer: "i UOnoo; mnoe your poverty, .Georg. Until your fortuner enrrd, I couldboiltlaJppy iniyou iweblth of affection, aid some vine.clad cot- " Mr. Wardoff : " Pardon me, dear, you know I an only a lIoor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished room, with a Bewing machine buzzing overhead, and some lend below cooking cabbage?" Miss Arabella: "'Maybe, George, dear, we'd better wait after all." Wife (11.80 p.m.): "What's that horrible odour ? Sme s like alcohol." Husband: " Yei,,n y dear, we urse alcohole athe lodge fo, initiationd. Take some alothol, llgtt It, pat some salt in the flasne, and it gives a ghastly yellow light--nlies folks look like ghosts, you know." "Wife: "But that odour comes fron your breath." Hfusband: " Yes, my dear-in the thirty-seventh degree I porsonato tire ohief demon vwith the iflames coming from hia mouth, I take a mouthful of alcolol ads a srwallow.-'of salt, and then. set firo to it. But, va'deir, yoe musti't tell hesoe things. Secret s'olety Secrets very eoered, you know," 