MISCELLANEOUS READINGS. Sin W\ALTER SCdTT said that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real llappiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, for over haunt the steps of thile malefactor. Thie paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. THE JOHNS OF ZIISTORY.-It is remark able that many of the historical persons who born this ttalne were unfortunate either in their lives or in their deaths. England has had but a single ling John, and he was one of the meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throhe. Jobl Ballol sometime King of Scotland, sewas jst as tt ibor spirited and contemrptible. Of thb twenty-thre Popes John, three died ii. jail; two were miUrdured; One was iniprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of thb sbeVdh Bnpbrbrs of the East (Con stantiiiople) called John, done was poisoned; afiothbr Ilindid I third was monarch iii name only; ailda fourth gave tip the throdrio owing tb his .orries. Plenty of other instances could bbi iuotdi to silow that this name, in cpineictibn ivith rdyalp'ower lhas been singularly itilhialipy fdr many$ do the' wearers of it. , EFFECT OF A WELL-TOLD TALE OaN A CuILD's SslNSIILITIEs.-Nothing appeals so strongly to the imagination, the sensi bilities, the moial nature of a child, as a well- told tale. They rebel against what is commonly called "preaching," but the greatest rebel of themn all will vield to the softening influences of a tale that carries its lessons with it. Is not that enoughi? Biut the story dolls more. It broadens their vieWbs, cil~ivittes th?it fltidr feelings, ies trIfys selfdls ess, tdaclibs thlm dl apprbeilite thdet relatiosi iWith others, and phlahts ddwrih the rdifgh plates that would fill thlii lives with friction. This minch it does to them morally. 4 yotuig mitld plest hal' recreation as well as a ydSiiig body. The story brighldeiis.iiil refreshes it, brushed dway the dobivbs that iwvill gather even at a tender ani, adid fits i tO' retiirn with new vigour to its m6rd' serioua wOrk..More thedti that, it adds to the. child's inflrhmntion by acquainting him or her With cedrtain phases of life, with manners and customs that tire not taught by more history, By all means, then, let the children read stories. IN TiIE TwIN'TIETHI CENTauTY.--In the home, the cooking stove and kitchen maid are no more. Clothes-making, soap- making, starch-making, laundry work, coffee-brown ing, yenst-mnuking, butter- making-all are gone.. Sehnd after them--or rather say that organised tindustry Is already taking aloig Tith these-thle iemainiitg :tbrlk of doolig and cleafling. This stateo of thing's cominig ts shfb as f.ate, aid w'heti it comes the deliveoraitui ill bl so gieat tha.ft gUii rations yet unborn shall rise lip t6 bless the workings of this benelicient law. The city of the future will not build houses in squares, giving to every house an indivi dunl kitchen and prison-like back yard. It will rather build them all around an open square, and the part now disfigured with the kitclen will be given over for a household sitting-room or nursery, opening into a great, green space, where children shall play in safety and throutgh which the free air of heaven shall blow into tile houses surrounding it; In eaery rliticive itj l be found a scientifically constructed bjsildlng containing a laundry and a great kItehen, supplied with every modern aplpliance for skilled and scientifle cookery, and also for sending into every dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. The indivi duality of the home and the home table will be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and ,hired girl", will all be banished, Tins flAIntto-aAit lloun.-Why are our hours and militites divided irnto sixty parts ? Simply and solely beeause $ta Babylon there existed, by the side of the decimal system of notation, another system, the sexagesimal, which counted.by sixties. Why that number should have been chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well for the practical sense of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no number which has so many divisors as sixty. The Babylonian way of reckoning time was carried along on the quiet stream of traditional know ledge through the middle ages, and, strange to say, it sailed down safely over the Niagara of the French Revolution. For the French, when revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and subjecting all to the decimal system of reckoning, were induced by some unexplained motive to respect our clocks and watches, and allowed our dials to remain sexagesinial that is, Babylonian, each hour consisting of sixty minutes. Here you see. again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how what we call knowledge is the result of an unbroken tradition of a teadhing descend ing from father to son. SA?ETY r CONstrUtlmt.--The lift, or elc rator, in German houses is not displayed eostentatiously. It is behind iron doors, to be detected only by inspection, and is moved by clanking chains. The deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing char actoristic. You stand in the great hall of the hotel and silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of time. Presently, from the unknown inte rior, iron doors fly open, and a soldierly looking sdrvant, ?sith brass buttons on lils cap, preoccupied with his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty. The doors clang as they swing, and the lift is there, rather primitive, but elaborate in construction. Perhaps there may be five passengers ready to get aboard. When four have taken positions; the master of the elevator waves the fifth bacleward with the awful air of authority, anid, if the rejected one is an American urgeit to go up at once, Ihe is told peremptorily that there are laces "only for four." 5hl iron doors are od, the engines heave, and the mnassive machline moves. Safety is consultod I Here is a masterly mechnnism that might swing apairof elephants of thie size of Jumbo, but an attempt to lift at once more t~han four persons would be regarded as an affront to the empire. The thing's imlios sible. SCAinE OF THE FeINGER NAILs.-If care fully. attended to, tie delicate half moon of tihe finger nail will increase in time, dnd even where it-has been almost obliterated, will grow to be very beautiful. Many people thinlk .that pushing tle skin back from the nail will show it more, and by thsi.practice the delicate hem, as we call it, which holds thie upper and iunder skins together, is totally destroyed, and tle ends of the fingers have an ugly, yellow growth encircling the nail instead of the delicate frameworir which nature intended. Tlhen thie way in whlicl the nail is cut can totally change tie slhape of tile fingers. By cutting thie nails close at thi sides antl keeping thie corners from ndhering to tle skin, hang- nnils can be avoided. Whlere the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary, and thle nails should never be polished excpt whlen some oily substance is used beside the powder. Thils keeps thle nails more pliable, and no matbter how tlhin they are,if properlytreated, they are no more liable to break tlhan richer ones. Another thiing that is lInd for tile nails is polishing them too rouglhly, They 'should be lightly touched and not rubbedl until thely become heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on tle nail and mar ring its beauty, LIFE IN LAnRAnon.--TIe number of stockings worn by tlho. people is often as tounding. Four, live, and sometimes a half dozen are usced inside their sealskin boots. There is notlting strikldng about tihe dress of the few white women save that they remind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of tile tremendous slkirts of thIe womenof Irish Connemara. But the Indian women of thle south and thle Eskimo women of the north amr wonderfully ap pareled. Anything tlhey can get their hands upon Ipossessing "gor ous colour is used for decoration. Theyc almost equal American women in this respcct. l'erhalps this is moro noticeable acmong thle women of tie St. Lawrence coast than withll tlhe nortihern Esklimos. The dress of thie laitter usually cosisits of Ihuge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin giarmcent covering the whole person from thie neck to the kneees, trimmed with white fur, a cap enveloping thie entire heand, and a sort of baggy cape or hood hanging down the back, in lwhich their fat little ialtics, are carried. Only among the half-breed women are there formsand faces that are as attrctivo as civilized folk judge these things. The com pensation is here, however; for nearly all Eskimo women will measure in girth what they will in lheight; and all forms of fat represent tile Labradorian idea of both utility and beauty. 