.:/T WEDDING NIGHT, O~-Wo q Ws ppSeredwhyMlissSt. Sauieurhad 4t maid. :iyfn never did. Possily te?y wvere::~~re that sle could have 'arr? l.heneFerlie close: In this they were rghlt. It : was Claverhouse's opnon." He at ]ast did not imagineo that nothe offe k W had Bat was at all a novel thing to her. :yorddd sheotake it as tlough it were. She ha a Labit of frowning a little at times-- frown shat brought her fine dark brows tpgcthei. She frowned in this way now while'sle looked at the young man contemaplatively out of her yellow- brown .eye8. "I cannot picture to myself why a man like you should wish to marry a woman like ume. I am not ductile, not malleable. I have not the qualities that make a good wife-for such as you." . Claverhouse shrugged his shoulders. ' I love you." '-Oh, yes. The old story." SMeanwhile you do not answer me," "Well, I answer you now. And in a way which, to a degree, surprises myself. You want mei to mar1y you ? I will do as you wjish."' Never, surely, was there a strangercourt ing. Claverhouse would have wished to draw her to him, but something in her mien forbade approach. Whether she loved him would have been a question he could have asked hilself very pertinently under the conditions existent. But he did not put the query to himself. She con sented to marry him. And for the rest, hi loved her. This fact alone filled the horizon for him, suffused it with a glamor in which all other issues showed shadowily through a veil. When news of Claverhouse's anticipated marriage reached his friends it occasioned a wondering murmur. He had been deemed an eccentric where women were concerned: almost a misogynist. In many other ways he was unlike other men. As a boy he had been a dreamer; as a youth at college he had been called "'liss Claverhouse" until lie one day quietly knocked down a big fellow in whose mouth the appellation had most frequently been. He had a skin fair as a girls, and his frame was slight, tall and delicate. He had travelled most of his time. He had never taken any active part in life whatever. He spoke little, and his mode of address had some thing of the drawling gentleness of a very feminine woman. People did not fre quently affect to understand him. Gener ally, the verdict concerning' him would have been that he was exdeedingly esy going and harmless. - And why should Miss St. Sauveur care to marry this fashion of man ? He ha' money, to be sure; but so had Miss St. Sauveur, now. Time had been when she had not had, and that only shortly before. But a belle she had always been; And a beauty too according to those whose taste was conceded to be that of the connoisseur. No. It was inconceivable that she should want to marry a man who was "so de cidedly a Miss Nancy!" Yet, inconceivable or not, the weddinm day drew nearer. It was felt to be, by the friends of both, another eccentricity that the marriage should take place in Florida. Why had they not come home for tie cere mony? But Miss St. Sauveur had not wished it. She had always, for the matter of that, been given to strange caprices. And as for Claverhouse, what cared lie ? There was a full moon, and through the yellow whiteness suffused by it a light in a boat moored on the river hard by glowed dully red. A man had been waiting in the shadows down by the river for an hour-for two lours-then three. Thelighlts in the house had seemed to him to be about to burn for ever. Through the mellow, flower-scented warmth of the night there came at intervals an echo of laughter, the tones of a piano, the ringing notes of a song. The man lighted a cigar, waited agair, and then tossed 'it away p~y a mufile, oath. How long would this last? He took out another cigar. But this he did not light. His quick eye had discerned a moving shadow agaong tes motioplesw shadows of the trees. It was a womai's. shape. His restlessaeis subsided at hunee, veered into a steoly gniet ii which each nerve was tense wN"i purpose isd set as iron. " se . t "Well-you wanted to see me and hero I am." The words cpme haughtily from under the scarf of lare that half concealed the woman's face. ?Nevertheless the man gave a shoit laugh. He leaned back against a tree and cross his arms. She might take what tone shle lied. She had come out here. She had tacitly consented to meet hin, to hear whatever he had to ay. If J.e had lost his p.oer shg would npt hij' 'done that. 'Had the s4'do "beeni less i hick here she must 4 0 s _een 1thiuiph sis eyes. " Do i you ik qare treal g $ pe fairly?" he a dwlend e i At that- thle .osephine jt. Baiveur he knew flash ed jut Ipoln : lu .' "Fairly I fsialy WiaYto lo ve m eyo o you I-to use the word ? Be y what'ding do you find yourself hero ?" "We will waivg all.that. I ~eard ny a weeior no ou wdu ?re 1 Ue mabirried; I wasrnI engc o I .mnse gd to ge sacl here o' d o c y "Ie am to Ib tharri Io lovem yo d flim now-yes. 'Youl?" S'Yes, Ih" HI e snddely iny ssed Inis arms addre w a step nearer tp'o her Tlhe moonlight fell on his fae. As slie'methis compelling glance Josephine St. Sanveur shivered. "es,I! You love me. Denyit if ou can. What are you marrying this muff i . B for?" He had caught the involuntary quivering of lier nerves and gauged his whole in fluence; but now he saw her react-gather her strength together passionately. "How dare you come here and say these things to me? You! a man who can lie to a woman apd deceive and play such a comedy as Satan might blush at. "I kept from you the fact that I had a wife when I told you that I loved you last year. That is true. But, as I have since said, I expected- at ans moment to secure a sesaration-a divore. einuede Hper," That tremor had seized licr again. " ell, the divorce is now mine-has been for namonth." "What is that to me?" The words were. muffled, and the voiad e that spaok them trembled. He drew yet a step nearer to her, and she cowered a little. Indifferent, invulnerable, superb, she had found her master, s such women always do.- She knew it and he knew it. "Simply this. We can be married now. You have come into money recently, too. That makes it easier. Before you ehad nothing and I had nohing. It would have there been no other obstacle." She laughed cynically, thlat trembling through all her limbs increasing every moment. "How magnificently, how nonchalantly you say that. ou are thesort of man who does not mind living on his w pife." ie madse a gesture whic seemed to waive tlhat fieFi qf dtcussalon also. The taunuf teift him inmover; "Your rgaeryngn ths fellow in two days ins abourd," he sid. a Half of her face was now in light, half in shadow. His commanding eyes plunged into hers. She made a desperate movement to sward him off, to protect herself from her own waakness. But hie liad would his as in about her, and all struggle was quenched .in a w Tld kiss. Ato r that ihe'isitenid to what he had to saa in tiioniless quiescence. His plan was bold, swift sure as himself. Her wedding was'fifxid for the followingi night but one. In the confusion she was to slip from the house, to meet him in the tlhickets a quarter of a mile down the river. He would convey hler isa safety to the nearest coast town, andi on the next day a vessel sailted which would take them to Havana. Thence they could go to England. The moon had passed her zenith and was westering slowly wlen Miss St. Sauveour approached once more the long open win dows of the hlouse. A tall, slight figure encountered lier. "Yous"she looked at Claverliouse. "I thought you were gone an hour or more ago." " I found tlhat I had forgotten something and returned." He stood twirling his hat carelessly in Isis hand. " What was it ? I hope you found it." " I did not come back in vain-no." Her hands and lips had grown cold. She leaned toward him tentatively. She had never been lavish with her caresses. Claver house's kiss grazed her check. The chill passed from her. "Absurdl How could he have seen or heard?" she said to herself. "Absurd !" "Disher's de bride I" "No, I guess hit's one of them that waits on her." The dusky faces pressed close together on the outermost fringe of the lawn were accented by wide open eyes and gaping mouths. ior miles up and down the river it had become known that a lage wedding was to take place at Orange lrovp Sings that night. The chocolate-coldo 'e'clde of humanity waited patiently, bit epen 0 its outer limit there presentl i'p?egpnisu cated itself a consciousness bor'pf -idie fined suggestions in the airy th ii' sepnthing was amiss. The music played 'prfunctorily paused, and began anew. The white-rObed bridesmaids flitted to and fro. There was a stir, a growing murmur, in the house caught up by the house servants and finally percolating to that waiting crowd outside. The bride was gone I The bride was gone and the groom had not come. Miss St. Sauveur had gone to her room early in the evening with orders that she was not to be disturtied. And Josephine St. Sauveur was nat a girl whom, even on such an occasion, people disobeyed. When the hour for the wedding arrived, however, and with it the few guests bidden, her door was knocked at and, no response forthcoming, finally broken open. The room was empty, and on the bed lay the white dress, the white veil. In the dismayed confusion that ensued no one at first observed that Claverhouse, too, should have come by this. But as the wild search for the bride continued without result it burst upon those assembled below that they were congregated together to witness an occurrence strange indeed-a marriage at which neither groom nor bride hud appeared. ISuddenly a quivering cry rang over the lawn. A small negro boy stood, with goggling eyes, the centre of a circle that pressed ever more tightly around him, and strange words were those he poured out stammeringly. One or two Of the white people cried at first that lie had seen a ghost. But the boy, his teeth chattering, insisted thathe hadnot been mistaken, ann, following his stumbling steps, they came to a thicket down the river where, in the checkered moonlight, there gleampd some thing ghostly-tlhe pallor of a motionless face:turned upward, and near it . shadowy frisp, the dead body of Josephine St. Sauveur. There had been a. double msrder; by whom egoatmie d ho oull spy? Tlhe ether vfetin' 3v?as ?e?ogised by one of the guests +!s I olielimn of great fascina tion and fast ?ife u i' }been spknuocking about Flp}da for tis pastc ygares On a vessel sailing for EnglapQ .e next day there embarked a tall, fair, liturn, lelicate-lpoking man, rather boypis of address and gentle of voice. He wrote lhis name J. Ssitb and appeared to be travellisng without 1.4ggage. Ten minautes before the ship weighed anchor alittle not of men rowed swiftly t6hersidl. efir1 oyish-looking yong man saw? one of ie_' r ib to the shi s deck. ' There ygee n sast'pgppversation, mnd then the man . 1ybeel4 "pi?d faced " J. Siith."' The litter had already stepped eqrsard. "Yiw a loolcing Of~ John %JhayilF4onse, suspected gfijsa murder of Mine l. i agressr ind a--¢ rpe--nameless m"ane- fi nie vhorii you .sebkL 'I hope!! fo get ,c g"ed dash overboiria fpW' leagekb oiut. J.po jre iishes would bebtter fiign this. I egegps I am uihiac y. The mau had a hand pu ise ashouldpr. " There is no pistake i guiesp. "p icknowledge thel deea ?, into John Claverbouse's mild pyea ghise came a sscipating blie ligit. The ean dropped his hand. -There wjsp a sudden .plunge, an oathi from the officer, a rush of many feet over the declk. Too late. When Johlm Cl1averhouse gei b..or? ?e p dead ago?iniIe had ppsped b.elyp d the. ....1 of tho ioin iad justlcpofepeti. ii "Diet'eid tlis offier 