IYA'S QUEST. OlIATTEn rv (continued). I tiiimc mysolf . sloop is tlio most ctiprioious of gifts;, na muoh ao to tlio full ns fortune ; but sloop in this iu- stnnoo.dolightod in coining wkoro hor ,, ..pi;osonoo wns lonst oxpooted.. Gordo V had fonvod n long, rostloss night ; sho «. ./hnd fnnoiod horsolf unnhlo to oloso hor oyos' for tho thought of hor fathor's dnngor; mslond, worn out hy nil sho Imd undorgono, wonry with nltornnto hopos nnd fours, hor brown hood hnd no soonor touched tlio pillow thnn sho foil into n , (loop, unbroken slumbor, whioh lnstod long aftor lior usual hour of nwnkomng. ....... Nurso Bnrlmrn hnd boon into tlio room 011 tiptoo two or throo tunos, but sho could not honr to rouso hor olnld. 'Hor Inst visit; howovor; found Gordn sitting up 111 hod, with ono hnnd prossod to hor tomplos, ns though to still tlioir tlirohhmg.- 'Whnthns happonod?' sho nskod, in a strnugo, fnr-off sort of way. ' I don't soom nhlo to romombor. And . is it Into, nurso? Suroly thoso aro tho bolls lunging for ohuroh.' 'Tlioso aro tlio bolls ringing, right enough,, doniy,. but you'ro not going . to oliuroh this morning. You had n hit, of a fright yostordpy, mul you must just rost yoursolf to-day.! .. ; I ; romoinhor now — it wns about papa. Oil, nurso! is- thero any nows ? ' 1 Tlio host of all nows, Miss Gordn — ,s;. a dottor from- my. lord Ininsolf. It . oaino nigli. two hours ngo, hut you wero 111 a bonulifiil sloop thon, and I couldn't briug mysolf to rouso you, donv. I know my lord's writing woll, and tlio moinont I anuglit Bight of it I . 1 . folt euro thoro wns iiolliing niniss.' . Sho lingorod, ovulontly on tlio watch for tidings, myl Oorila hroko tho -soul liui riodly.; , as though ovon yot sho did -not'foel (inftoTo-nssuvod- My Daui.ixo O im.n,—l trust you will got : tlns.oii Suturdiiy in titiio to provout nuy disap- lmintiiKiiit iny not ixitiiriiuig might givo you. .1 .11111 \ 01 y sorry to Gofer my hoino-coiniug, lint 1 I urn .iiniivonliibly (lotmiioil. ' I will writo inn! llx u day for my -return '.nsfgonii' us business nllows, Mflimwlnhi Inko euro of yoursolf— go ..to Fiorraioint. llnil .mul. iimiiso yoiirsnlf witli your kind fnonds thoro.—' Your iiiTootlouuto : - futlior, : . Duoie. It wns not a sntisfnotory lottor. . - -.Gordn told Hiu-so Brown hor fathor's . rotm-n was postponed, .aud sho ought to. Iinyo. roooivod tlio .loiter soouor; thon ns tlio old womun bustlod off to letnil .tho nows downstairs Gorda .. seizpd tlio. lottor. nnd l-ond it ngnin and ngnin. In fivo. innuilos sho know it ' hy'hoiu-t, und thon was just as oon- soious as nt hor first porusal that it 'r; ivns unsntisfaotory. 1 Gorda hnd boon so mnoli hor fathor's couipnniou that sho. know of all the husmoss oonnoctod with his ostato; 1 Tho- wholo was undor tho maungo- .. mont of an admirnhlo stownrd, and as , . ho. had boon muoh surprisod at Lord Huoio's suddon journey it wns clom ho was ignorant of its onuso. AVlint business could Lord Euoio liavo un known to . his dnuglitor and his ; steward ? AVliy could lio not ovon . name a dnto for lus return ? If. unnhlo to , fix tho pi-ociso day lie might 'nt lonst. linvo said whothor slio could ox- poot him that wook. Thoro wns not a word of his journoy , . or surioundiugs, no roforonco to the pooplo with whom ho wns staying, and no expression of dolight at tho 1 thought of thoir rouniou- - ' Ho might linvo wntton that to a , stinngoi,' snid Gorda to horsolf; thou hor hlood soomod to run cold- Sho glnncod nt tlio top of tlio lottor and saw it had 110 dato. ' Ho could not ; ovon trust rao with his address.' . ' Miss Gordn,' said; nurso, nn ' hour lntoi, . coming into tlio. snuggory, wlioio tho young.. hou-oss -was trifling "witli, hor. hi onlcfast, Micro's Sir .Tamos Pionopomt — lie wnnts to tnlco you homo w ith linn for tlio rest of tlio day Ho'sln ought tho pony-carringo ' (You inust conio, child,' said. Sir , Jnmos, following oloso on tho hools of . his mossongor. 'I linvo invitod tlio ghost to moot you nt lunch, and ho will ho awfully disappomtod if you rofuso._ .Why, Gordn, liow pnlo you aro. Nuiso said j ou wero nuito onsy ahoutyour fnthor.' Gorda put Lord Duoio's lottor into his hands. ,. r 'Woll, lio's right onougli.' . don't like, it ; ho novor says Jip s. \\\ oil, aud— and . ho doosn't soom , to want to como back to mo ' Sir .Tnmos lnughod outright- . : ' What n jonlous littlo puss! Why, child, Ducio is. notod lor short, curt lettoi-s., Ho's not a mnu to pour -out .. his lioart upon a shoot of writing ; paper. Dopond upon it, he's counting the tun© till ho can got haolc to you No man fever, loved a dnughtor moro , v . fondly tlind ho doos you ' ' I'm vory naughty, hut ' ' But what? Bottor toll mo, Gordn, " .,( .or you'll. brood yourself into irfovor ' 'Why doesn't lio give mo an Hd- dioss . Look, Sir .Tames, not ovon . the, name of his hotol!' ' 'Ho. forgot, it. What was tho , . postmark on the onvolopo ? ' ' I nover looked.' 'Look now.' ' I can't.: . I nover thoiight of keep. jng tho onvolopo, and I let it blow nway. I linyon't an idoa what tho postmnrk was.' ' Woll, forgot about it, and put on your bonnet. ' Lady Piorropoint snyB sho shall not lot you loavo tho Hall till your fnthor oomos liomo. Sho will hnvo it it's bnd for you to ho nlono in this gront house, niul I'm afraid sho is a httlo shookod you should linvo got so intimnto with tho ghost, though ho lias inndo n most fnvournhlo improssion on hor.' 1 1 think I should liko to stay at tho Hall now I know papa is safo. It is lonoly horo ; nnd oil ! Sir Jnmos, ho givos 1110 no idoa wlion lio'll bo hack.' 'I hope lio won't hurry,' said tho kind old Bnronot, ' if wo'ro to bo tho gainors hy his nhsonoo. : Now, Gordn, .hero's your hat and pnrnsol. Ono of tlio mauls can bring you a box ovor in tho afternoon; wo won't wait for any packing now.' Ivn Ducio wns in . tho haskot-car- ringo. IIo shook hands vory warmly with Ins cousiti, nnd congrntulntod her on hor fathor's safety. . It wns a very morry drivo. Gorda's prosontimonts nud low spirits vanished in buoU clioerful oompnny. Sho' was smiling long hoforo tlioy roaohod tho Hall and snw Lady Piorropoint wait ing to wolcomo hor guost. . Sho dearly lovod Gorda, but hoforo tho day was out Ivn rivallod his cousin in hor good graces. . It wns my lndy who proposod Mr. Duoio should transplant his things from tho villngo inn, and spend the laBt faw days of his loavo with thom, and. tlio young man nocoptod the in vitation without prossing. Ho spoko quite oponly of his past lifo.. IIo had boon educated iu Eng land, nud ontorod tlio sorvico of tlio Union Steamship Company chiefly be- onuso it afforded him opportunities of froquont visits to his grandfathor, who onjoyod lus woll- oarnod fortuno in ono of tlio most thriving towns of Capo Colony. . Iiuloponilont now of nil nood to work, Ivn olung to liis profession from slioor lovo of tho son. Through : changing ships ho. had onjo3'od moro than a month's loavo) hut this was almost oyor; and , ho. was. duo at Southampton. , in loss ' than a wook. - ' I . don't wondor nt you;' said Sir Tamos, who doarly lovod tlio son ; 'n sailor's lifo is tho freest and happiest lifo in tlio world.' 1 ; 'I shall sottlo, clown some day;' said Iva, gravely. 'It wns my g'rnnd- fntlior's wisli that I should buy somo English homestead, and turn into a landsman. I could, givo up tho' soil for that, but nothing can mdko mo into a London fino goutlomaii. It isn't in mo, Sir .Tamos.' ' I wondor. you riovor thought of the navy.', . j ;/ . My' .grandfathor-- would nfet part with ino iit tlio barly ago nooossary for that. Oh 1 Sir "Jiimos,'. I wish you; could1 liavo .mot agdiu'. You - novor snw such a mnn ns ho was. Evoryoho lovod liitn.- When ho cliod tho whole plnco sorrowod;' 'Ayo, . I-'--.anhs bolievo;' tliiit. ; Woll, Mr. Iva, whon dqlyou propose to, quit tlio son, and turn into a landsman "?' ' Somo day;', .. " ;. . ' And whoro's tlio homestead to bo?' ' . 'I linvon't thought yot.' r ./ 'Talco my nclvioo, boy, and don't buy-any., proporty. -beyond -yoiir 1 means. A landed gentloman's lifo's not .worth having if he's many 'acrqs;.ahd little inonoy.' ' " " ' ' ! . ' That is all" decided for mo.' ; . 'How?' " ' My . father, .-.loft . fifty . thousand pounds . to buy an . English 'ostato: Tho monoy is in the blinds of trustees, ' nnd though tliephoico of- a property is: loft to mo I fanoy tlioy will hnvo a say in tho mattorj Thon I hnvo somo property in tho funds, so left that I hnvo only the lifo interest, and am poworloss to touoli tho capital.'; " 'Tho funds! Safo, but vory un- : romunorativo. What doeB tho invest- : mont bring you in ? ' . . ' Fivo thousand n- year." 'My donr lad,' snid Sir James, drily, 'you ought to livo in London; and go through n sonson. You'd be qiuto n horo.' ' ' I don't wnnt;toho.' , ' All tho young Indies would smile at such an eligiblo young man.' , ' But, you see, "I don't want thorn to smilo, Sir Jnmos;' -i ' How now 1 . Isn't a-.wifo included in tho plan" of settling down in Eng-- lnnd ? ' : ; ; ; : . i. jIva smiled!. v.'.:>4; ,(> .i">; .kkl:- i 'Ishall never "marry a fashionable young lady, sir. I should liko a wifo who would oaro for mo,' and not tnind about wliot I could offor hor.' 'Slio'd bo a vory innocent person.' 'But I liko irinooont poi'sous. I would rather be unmarried nil my lifo than have a wifo and know I oived hor to my grandfather's fortuno.' This conversation took plnoo aftor lunoli. Lady Piorropoint had taken Gorda away to rost in hor owii boudoir, so our horoino could not hear tho description of lior cousin's fortuno and opinions (if matrimony. Tlio days passod on. Sir James and Lady Piorropoint woro tho most oasy of oluiperoties. Porhnps < they logardoil tlio far-off couaiuship ns nn' oxouso foi- tlio intimnoy thoy nllowod to Ivn and Gordri. ' Tlio t\\\ o young pooplo wore con stantly tin own togothqr, and in conso- quonoo, aftor a week ihoy'lcnow oaoh othoi bottor than thoy . would havo done in yonrs of ooronionious acquaint ance. . Tlioy woro fast friends, and if Iva folt a warmer fooling for the fair young ohntolaino of tlio Chase ho hid it bin\ oly. . Ho would not woo hor i\ lulo hoi fnthor was still absent nnd in lgnornnoo of old Euport Duoio's grandson. : His loavo was prolonged at his ur gent request) ust bocauso ho so wished to soo his kinsman. Nothing more lind boon heard of Lord Duoio.,' Ho had novor written sinco tho lottor which struck so cold a ohill upon his daughter. Not know ing his address she could not writo nnd bring his return, could not toll him of hor now kinsman, whoso friend ship did so much to rolievo tho tedium of his nbsonco. Tho last day of Iva's stay at Piorro point Hall had arrived, and still Lord Duoio had not written. 'I wish I could havo soon your fnthor,' said Iva, for about tho tenth timo. ' It is most annoying ; but you will oomo back. It is uot a long voyago, nnd I know Sir James has given you a general invitntion.' ' Yos. I shall bo in England in two or threo mouths ; but I liavo had so long a loavo now I cannot oxpcot muoh wlion wo aro noxt oh shore. I wish I could liavo soon Lord Duoio.' ' I wish you could, but it is only de ferred. You will coino to Notherton ngnin. You won't forgot lis quite? ' 1 1 shall novor forgot you, Gordn. If ovor your fnthor looks coldly on our intimnoy you won't take baok your word? You know you promisod we Bhould bo frionds.' ' Prionds always, Iva.' ' And you will think of mo some times ? ' ' Often.' Ho hold lior hand a littlo longer thnn usual ; ho looked Into hor oyos moro tenderly oVen than his wont, and then lie was gono. Gorda folt a strange sndnoss at hor heart, and tliore soomod a blank at Piorropoint Hnll ; but tho noxt morn ing Miss Duoio had plenty to think of. A letter brought ovor in hnsto from tho Chase informed: hor hor father would l'oturn that vory day. . Sho. was to sond tho onrrlago to moot the five o'clock train. Lord Duoio wroto in hot hasto. It was almost a month sinoo lio loft home, nnd ho told his daughter ho longod to soo hor again ; yot ovon in tlio hurried uoto lio spooiaily dosirod hor not to moot him at the station, but to rocoivo him nlono nt Notherton Olinso, and tlio word "alono" was undorsoorod. Thoro was to be a late dinnor at sevon, and the bluo rooms wero to he pre pared instead of thoso ho ocoupiod in tho west wing. ' Gorda loft Piorropoint Hall direetly after broakfast, and onrriod her father's orders to tlio housekeeper. ' Tho bluo rooms 1 ' exolaimod that functionary. .' "lyiiy tlioy aro a lady's ; thoy havo not boon usod siuco your grandmother's timo, Miss Gorda ! Whon sha died yourVgraridpapa took the suito Lord. Ducio uses now.' 'I don't understand it; but papa ooi'tdinly says 'so..' ' Ho. mentions' it tlioro.! .. ' Can tho master ho bringing guests, .miss?'. ; ' Oh, no,' confidently, papa hates visitors' ; besides, ho will want me all to himself nftor; such a long parting.' . :Poor child! sho little know that never again would hor father bo only liors. ' Sho. stood on tho terraco to wolcomo hor fnthor; but 'no, tho sound of tho whools told hor tho carriage was going round to. tho grand porticoed entranoe, so Gorda hurriod into tho hall only just in timo. Already Lord Duoio stood in tho threshold.- ' Papn— papa, .how glad I am .to have.you bnok again ! ' ' ;Ho folded lior in his arms, then turned to someone behind him. ; Gorda started. It wns n lady olad in rioh swooping garments, a thick veil over hor face. - , Was she dreaming? Did she.oatoh tho' words aright ? :: 'I havo not. oomo homo, alone, Gordn. This, is! my wife, Lady Diioio, mistress o#' Notherton Chase.' ouapxer v. ; : It was mystery on myotery. j Gerda stood there faint and "motionioks, 'fool ing almost as though this were some fearful dream from whioh sho should presently awaken. She could not, would not believe the reality. It was too terrible. Sho and her fathor had been all tho world to each other. Save Gorda, Lord Ducio cherished nothing hut his wife's memory. His lovo for his child's mother was as fresh and- strong ns the first day he lost her. ' How, then, could he have done this thing, and, after a few weeks' absence, without a word of preparation or warning, brought hack a stepmother for Gerda— a new mistross for Nother ton Chase ? But, :alns ! it was no dream. Bo- .foro Gorda could force hor trembling lips to" uttor a word of woloome tho. straugor had como forward. 'I am tired to death, Bertram;' and, porhapa, hearing lior use his nnmo convinced Gerda of tho, mar- riago more than anything else could hnvo done. 1 Can somoono not show mo to my rooms ? ' /Certainly,'- was her husband's re ply. ' Bond,' to'.thojild liousokobpor, ' aro the bluo rooms roady ? ' . 1 Yos, my lord.' ' ' ' Then, Gerda, will you kindly show Lady Duoio tho way to thorn ? ' Ho had a double . motive in this r o- quost. Ho really wanted tho two who lionooforth must sharo ono homo to bo acquainted, nnd ho shrank from a teto- a-teto with Gorda. Ho would fain osonpo ns. long ns possible tho ques- tiono and; roproiiolios of his only child, 'It was for hor sake,' ho inuttorod, when he was safo in liis drossing- room. 'But for Gorda I would hnvo risked anything. Oh, my darling, you may judge me harshly; you may think I hnvo forgotten your nngel mother bocnuse I ,havo brought a strnngor to, my liomo ; hut I could not help it, Gerda. It was for your sako I- did it!' ' " Moanwhilo Gerda and her step, mother ontorod the exquisitely-fur nished chamber wliioh for .centurio had boon- snorod to tliei mistress of Notherton Chase. It was a charming apartment, fur- nishod in palo blue, and replote with evory comfort and luxury. Tho now Lady Duoio throw horsolf into alow chair, and lookad steadily at hor husband's daughter. ' You aro older thau I oxpooted.' ' I am just oightoen.' ' I suppose my arrival has taken you slightly by surprise ? ' In truth an avalanohe could hardly havo astonishod Gerda moro ; but sho merely bowod hor head, and answered briofly, — 'Yos.' ' It is tho host tiling that could hnvo happonod to you,' snid tho bride, oquably. 'No man oan bring up a grown-up daughter without a woman's holp. If you aro dutiful and obedient I daresay wo shall got on very woll together.' ' I hopo so.' Tho girl's voice trombled with oraotion. ' Indood, Lady Duoie, I wish to roeoivo you kindly for my fathor's sako.' Tlio long oloak had gone- now, the head gear wasromovod. Gorda saw a strikingly handsome woman, fault lessly nttirod. . . Tlio now Lady Duoio was probably tho most dazzling objoot Gorda had ovor soon; nnd yot thoro was somo- thing in lior faco which mndo tho girl tromble. 'I hopo I shall novor offend lior,' wns Gorda's montal prnyor. ' Sho could bo terribly cruel wheu sho is angry.' 'Dinner will bo ready in ten minutes, Lady .Duoio. I will send a servant to show you tho way to the drawing - room ; ' nnd thon Gerda hastened away in tho hopes of a brief tcte-a-teto with hor father. But it wns not to ho. Lord Duoie would not trust himself alone with his ohild yot; nnd, had lio.dono so, ho had no explanation to give hor. She- would know in bourso of time — as the world would through the nows- papors— that lio had marriod Julia Barton, sistor of a gentleman engaged . in scientific pursuits in a remote ' Yorkshiro villngo. Of the ronsons which caused the step no ono had hoard. He and his bride kept their secrot inviolnto even from lior brother. Poter Barton was oleotrified at " Ju's good fortune," but bewildered at its suddenness. 'Ho doosn't love you,', said Mr.. Barton, gravely, to Ids sister, before tho ceromony. ' I oan't even see that ho admires you. What in the world made hira propose to you ? It can't be. from interostod motives; but I've not' tho loast idoa what motive it is.' . , ' Novor mind his motivo,' said the bride-eloct, rapturously. ' Ho is Lord Duoie, of NelhortoD, and he offers me his name. I should ho an idiot if I bothered myself about hie motivo.' ' I don't know,' said Peter, slowly. ' Marriago is for . lifo, - you know, Julia, and you'vo had such a fi-eo-and- ' easy time of it I don't know how you would get on if his lordship turned orusty.' ' He won't ; ' and Miss Barton showed hor white teeth in a very sar donic smilo. ' I shan't let him.' - 'But you will bo completely in his power ; you aro actually marrying without; a settlement.' I don't want a settlement ; I can' take care of mysolf. Peter, when Lord Duoie departs this life you'll see I have known how to play . my! cards.' Peter looked troubled. \ 'You shouldn't speak of his death in ithat cold-blooded fashion, Julia, if. yoii metin to marry , him.' 'I .do mean to inarryhim. Poter won't you wish mo joy ? ' ' I'm glad enough you should be piy lady, hut I'd rather it had come about differently. There's some mystery in tho engagement I can't fathom.' And Peter Barton's remark was en dorsed cordially by pooplo, who had never seen him. Gorda, tho Pierro- points — aye, and all tho servants at the Chase held tho same opinion — tliore was something strange about the 'marriage. ; ' fTo he continued .J 