this [DIPHTHERIA: ITS CAUSES AND it to TREATMENT. am- -. to ALEOPYTHY AND HOMOEOPATHY. m- The tragic fatality that has attended the ho family of Sir. Steel, late Inspector-General east ! of Public Works in Victoria, has given rise so as to a very great deal of comment on iam ' diphtheria and how effectually to prevent lar- it, Dr. J. W. Springthorpe, whose ideas 'vein on the diseases we (Melbourne Daily Ill's i Telegraph) give to-day. is an allopathic main ' doctor of great repute. As a matter of fact, early in the medical world he is looked upon ans as facile princeps in Melbourne. We also can give the ideas of Dr. Teague, who represents chin the homoeopathic world, and it will be seen with that the two learned gentlemen disagree price i to a very great extent on the subject, ions Pope, in one of his most excellent essays, also , asks, " "Who shall decide when doctors did take agree ?" It is on that very question that cus- the subject, of diphtheria must agitate the the minds of all. One medical school affirms pro- i that diphtheria is only an affection of the an throat, whereas the other affirms that the low , disease affects the whole system. How the ever, the great point is agreed on by both arms j that to prevent the disease it is necessary the | to have perfect sanitation, of which this line j city is woefully deficient. The spread of 'oil- typhoid fever has alarmed the whole coin is in j munity, and must continue so long as there remains in our midst the disgustingly un- clean spots which, from time to time in our columns, we have pointed out. The two opinions on the disease are here appended : A HOJIer.OPATHIC VERSION'. Dr. J. P. Teague, who may be taken as a representative of the Homoeopathic school of medicine, said that diphtheria was a contagious disease of a very dangerous nature. It was brought about more by uncleanliness and sanitation than anything else, and so long as those two essentials for the maintenance of public health were neglected, so long would there he diphtheria and typhoid. Instancing a case in point, Dr. Teague said he had attended a family of patients suffering from the disease in a malignant form. There were three or four cases in the house, and one patient succumbed. The others they were all children he noticed to be taking a longer time than usual in recovering their normal state of health without being able to account for it. One day, however, having occasion to wash his hands, the doctor went to the wash-hand cistern standing in a corner of the room, and in which the children were in the habit of washing themselves. It maybe here explained that the cistern is of that kind to which water is laid on, and the dirty water carried off by a pipe fixed at the bottom of the basin. The plug being out of the bottom of the cistern the doctor was astonished at smelling an unpleasant odour. An examination of the concern showed that the pipe for carrying off the water- was connected almost in a straight line with the street drain, which happened to be in an exceedingly filthy condition, and the air from that, being forced back when any more than the usual quantity of water flowed down the drain, found an outlet through the basin. It was in that way the disease was contracted, and in that way the convalescence of the children was delayed. Doctor Teague is very decidedly of opinion that in all cases where dirty water is to be carried off, there should be a double curve in the form of a reversed S, which would act as a trap, and water always being lodged in the pipe in that way, foul air would be prevented from finding any egress from the drain through the cistern into a room. Diphtheria being contracted principally from smelling decomposing and foetid matter, the doctor thinks that the corpora- tion closet pans are bad enough to give the disease to anyone unfortunate enough to smell them, and recommends in the place of something better, the use of earth-closets. Every time a pan is emptied, it should be cleaned well and thoroughly before being placed back. The use of antiseptics is, homceopalhically, looked upon as of very little use, and Dr. Teague would recommend as the host antiseptic a free and never- failing indulgence in soap. The house should always be kept clean, the scullery lime washed, the closet and fowl- house also lime washed, the latter, in addition, having the floor covered with tanned bark, which at frequent intervals should be removed. The rooms more frequently inhabited, such as the sitting-rooms and bedrooms, should always be well ventilated and supplied with ample fresh air, but gave must, of necessity, be exercised to avoid draughts. Diphtheria, in Dr. Teague's opinion, is entirely a blood disease. The first symptoms are in a feeling of weariness, and a soreness of the throat, which is usually the spot primarily attacked, but the treatment of that as the locality of the trouble would be line picking out one of the pimples of the rash of scarlet fever, and thereby thinking the disease itself was eradicated. The disease permeates the whole system, and every drop of blood in the body is contaminated. Dr. Teague thinks that the washing of the throat with sulphuric or any other kind of acid does not serve a single good purpose, but rather lessens the patient's chance of life. There is as yet no specific remedy for diphtheria any more than there is any specific remedy for malignant scarlet fever. To cope with the disease the whole system has to be treated according to the symptoms perceived. " When the air passages become clogged the disease then becomes of a very serious nature, but so long as the patient is able to breathe freely there is every chance of the life being saved, as if the swallowing pipes get blocked food may be injected. Dr. Teague thinks that should the use of sulphuric acid be too freely resorted to for the ostensible purpose of cleansing the throat it not only fails in its object, but leaves the throat sore, and the patient, owing to the pain of swallow ing, is unable to eat his food. As showing the general character of the disease, Dr. Teague points out that all the other parts of the body are equally liable to affections of the throat. A reason why diphtheria is so prevalent in the country and in other places to all appearances healthy, i-; that excreta is very often left lying about in frequented spots, and the inhalation of the foul gases arising therefrom lay the foundation to the disease. And from all this it must be deduced that tW the affection of the throat is not the disease line itself but the result of the disease, and the lot, great idea in treating the patient must be its, to bring the blood back to its former oat healthy 'state, and accordingly reduce the me disease. The preventives to the disease we are a complete system of sanitation, which he will not permit of the foul gases of the tins. street drains entering the rooms, a keeping lea e in and yet only tiles to If of all at, way tarp ads, tho in Paris and to the this laid line me Mr. '011 both car the and in a caring race run loat ned les, the late hey in a tho both a alis- on car, the tion ara- set the ice, nip of the fall ssel ust, says the will is a stir till so late said the. ous 3 to run into lips are red or ) it can age of lOSt 100 em If. he us, no 'ad may be in ves ray for a ins a ny h's ed ez, ras ghost nal its, kh ial ice on the £10 M. ion off at, id clean of the drains from all stagnant matter, and a careful attention being paid to the state of all outhouses. Little children are more liable to catch the disease than those grown up, because of their noses being nearer the ground. It follows, then, that the taller a person is the greater his immunity from the disease. AN ALLOPATHIC VERSION'. The following paper was written for the Australian Health Society by Dr. J. W. Springthorpe Diphtheria is another of the germ diseases, as is typhoid fever. But there are certain very interesting differences. Just as certain plants thrive only in certain soils, so those microscopic plants come to perfection only in certain parts of the body. In typhoid it is the bowel which is the seat of the outbreak in diphtheria it is the back of the throat. And this difference is easy of explanation. The poison of typhoid spreads mainly through polluted water, but that of diphtheria at first, at any rate spreads almost entirely through the medium of the atmosphere. Entering with the air, it naturally strikes against the back of the nose and throat, and there takes root. This means of communication also explains very largely why insanitary surroundings play such a large part in the spread of diphtheria. Suppose a case of diphtheria to exist. The germs are given off in the breath of the affected person. They pollute the air, the bedding, the clothing-in fact, all articles within reach in a way impossible to the non-volatile typhoid germ. Pillows, beds, mattresses, upholstered furniture, blankets, handkerchiefs, and clothing generally can scarcely avoid becoming carriers of contagion. Hence all the rules about isolation, nursing, disinfection, c, already referred to in the tract on typhoid fever, and given at length in the wall sheet No. 8 of the society's publica- tions, apply with special force to cases of diphtheria. Nor does the extra caution end here. The germs escape from the sick room unless a quick, strong fire causes a draught up the chimney, and the germs are burnt in their passage there through. Even with the addition of some aerial disinfection, such as the fumes of chlorine or sulphur, some germs are almost certain to escape from the room. And now see the importance of clean surroundings. In the absence of filth and decomposing matters the germs become practically inert, and probably cease to exist as infective agents. But where the air is laden with emanations from decaying fruit, vegetables, or meat, from sinks, drains, and other receptacles of filth, and especially where. nightsoil is allowed to remain in cesspools and even earth closets, we provide resting places, and probably even breeding grounds for the death-bearing germs. And the germs, thus invigorated and multiplied, do not need to wait till the occupants or visitors who have the misfortune, or are so neglectful of cleanliness as to drink water polluted thereby. They rise in the air like an array of possible enemies, and enter and capture the citadel of health without the master thereof knowing anything about it until the mischief has been done. Fortunately, indeed, capture is not always so easy. Age seems to confer a large amount of animus- t city. It is the delicate, sensitive throat of the child which falls the easiest victim. After ten years of age the susceptibility progressively diminishes, but it remains in considerable degree even in adults. Many people, again, are peculiarly liable to sore throats. Sudden -weather changes, especially dampness of the air, even the impure air of crowded rooms or half-drained back lanes, is sufficient to produce sore throats. Such of course, are peculiarly liable to afford lodgment for the germs of diphtheria. Such, briefly and suggestively, is the mode by which diphtheria spreads. It will thus be seen that it is a highly contagious disease and to the account thus given, must be added a reminder that it is not unfrequently spread by kissing the patient, and through the medium of domestic animals. Prevention, therefore, demands the strictest attention to isolation, disinfec- tion, and removal of all insanitary surroundings. But how is the case to be recognised as one of diphtheria ? Usually the child, apparently without any cause and with little or no warning, complains of a sore throat and feeling very weak. If the mouth be opened and the tongue depressed by a broad spoon, a wash leather membrane is seen in shreds or as a skin upon the tonsils and back of the throat quite different from the ordinary secretions of the nose and throat present in an ordinary cold. Besides, the little patient is so weak. Soon this skin spreads to the windpipe and air tubes. There is difficulty of swallowing and danger of suffocation, for the little chink of the wind pipe, only large enough in health to drop a sixpence through, has become narrowed almost to non-existence. And though the child may seem now to have croup, and not diphtheria, it is generally easy to tell that it is the latter, because, as a rule, there is nothing like false membrane in croup, which is an ordinary cold in the windpipe, and because in diphtheria the child is weak and not as a rule feverish, as would be the case in croup. It must be remembered, however, that at times in diphtheria the attack is so severe that the little patient may die, even before any false membrane has" been formed. And to complicate matters a little more, there are cases which puzzle even medical men to class either as diphtheria or croup. For practical purposes, however, any case which shows weakness, sore throat, and wash leather membrane, should be considered and treated as a case of diphtheria. There are many other symptoms which need no notice here, though they are of great importance with regard to the probable ending of the case. What can you do in such cases ? Much that is all important, especially if you set to work early. Put the child to bed, rig up OVer lining a tent with blankets, &c;, open only on one side. Have a kettle on the fire day and night, and conduct the steam from it into the tent with a tin or paper funnel, and put a couple of teaspoonfuls of eucalyptus oil in the kettle every few hours. Frequent gargling the throat with lime water is very useful. On no account should caustics be used, or attempts made to pull away the membrane. A few drops of tincture of steel may be given every few hours in a wineglass of water. Perhaps the most important point next to inhaling steam, is to support the strength by regular supplies of good food. Half-a tumbler of milk, or thereabouts, every three hours, with a pint or more of strong broth or beef tea spread over the twenty-four hours, may be given to the older children, adding a little brandy to the milk when the patient is exhausted. If he seems in danger of suffocation, an emetic should be administered, the best form being a teaspoonful of ipecacuanha wine in tepid water every ten minutes until vomiting comes on. Of course the sooner you have medical aid the better. Preventive measures have been already referred to." The Moravians, though small in number and wealth, have sent out during the last century 05,000 missionaries and expended 200Ô0 yearly. They have nine mission ships. The leading wine merchants of! Constantinople are organizing a society with a view to improving the state of vineyards and the antiquated processes by which nine ii still made in Turkey. 