ROWING NOTES. By "COXSWAIN." The Champion Four-oared Race, rowed on Saturday last over the Lower Yarra champion- ship course resulted in a rather easy win for the representatives of the Yarra Yarra Club, who must be credited with having rowed with excellent judge- ment throughout. They were not so fast away as the Banks, but they soon settled down to a good enough stroke of about 38 to the minute (quite different to their practice spins), which soon had its effect, as they gradually drew up and secured a lead of nearly a length at the mile post. The Banks were rowing a slightly faster stroke, but owing to the erratic steering of their coxswain, who followed a zigzag course, and took his crew out into tbe tide, they were gradually dropping back. Between Spottiswoode Point and Stoney Creek, the wash from a large steamer going out completely disconcerted the crews. The Yarra negotiating it best, increased their lead to two lengths, and from this out to the finish the race was virtually over. At the Sugar Works the Banks were about three lengths be- hind tbe Yarra and a length and a half ahead of the Albert Park, who were some distance ahead of the Melbourne, the Barwon being last. From thence the positions remained unchanged, except that the distance between all but the two leading boats increased. The winners passed the post in about 19min 30sec, being exceedingly good time, the tide, which was very strong, being against the competi- tors. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, a good number patronised tbe umpire's steamer. The following are the par ticulars of the crews:— Yarra Yarra.— C. Horsburgh (bow), 10st 2 lb; J. Yeomans (2). 11st 6lb; A. Chamley (3). 12st ; E. R. Ainley (stroke), 10st 5lb; V.G.Petherick (cox) ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Banks— W. H. Hatch (bow) 10st 7lb: C. M. Garrard (2) 11st 6lb ; F. G. Payne (3), 10st 10lb; R. B. Nicolson (stroke), 11st 9lb ; C. Edwards (cox) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 Albert Park.— A. Bennett (bow), 10st 8lb; A. Thomas (2), 11st 9lb; A. Nelson (3), 11st 9lb; E. Powell (stroke), 11st 6lb; A.E. Hobson (cox) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Melbourne.— W. J. Robb (bow), 12st; F. James (2). 12st 5lb ; C. S. Cunningham (3), 12st 8lb ; W. Watson (stroke), 11st 9lb; H. Sears (cox.) .. 4 Barwon.— F. W. Thompson (bow), 11st 4lb ; T Parkin (2). 12st 6lb; A F. Garrard (3), 12st 9lb; A. Speed (stroke), 11st 1lb, E. Jenkyn (cox ) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . 5 Mr.E. Carlile acted as umpire, Mr W. Ogden as judge, and Mr Upward as starter. Those who patronised the Geebung for the Champion Race, on Saturday, had an opportunity, on the return of the steamer from Footscray, of following the Public Service Challenge Four-oared Race, which was rowed over the Gasworks course, the competitors bring representative from the Electric Telegraph, Railway and Titles depart- ments of the Civil Service. The Railways were most fancied, but, after a splendid race, were defeated by the Telegraph by about a length. The three crews raced almost dead level for a little over half a mile, when the pace began to tell on the lightweights of the Titles, and they were gradually left behind, finishing about six lengths astern of the winners. They rowed gamely throughout, but lacked the experienence of their opponents. The cup now becomes the property of the Electric Telegraph Depart- ment, they having secured the three wins necessary to entitle them to hold it perma- nently. The Titles had two wins to their credit. Mr E. Carlile acted as umpire. Mr Upward as starter, and Mr Joske as judge. The particulars of the crews are as follow ; — Electric Telegraph.— J. B. Taylor (bow), A. W. Dainty (2). F. Hopkinson(3), F. 0. Johnstone (stroke). — (cox.) .. .. .. .. .. ... .. .. .. .. 1 Railways.— F. Davies (bow).F. M. Bee (2), A. Bar- clay (3) W. Adams (stroke. — Vale (cox) .. .. . 0 Titles. — W.B.House (bow), T.Kelly (2), J. Casey (3), J. H. Semmens (stroke), A. Wright (cox) .. .. . 0 The Mercantile Rowing Club held Trial Fours on Saturdav, when ten crews took part. The races were keenly contested, and caused no little excitement amongst the members. The winning crew was stroked by Best, and comprised nearly all old rowers. The course was from a little above Brander's to the club's boathouse. The Civil Service Rowing Club hold Trial Pair-oared Races (for trophies presented by Mr Upward), on Monday next, for which 13 crews have entered. Trial Four-oared races in connection with the Ballarat Rowing Club were commenced on Monday evening, and will be continued throughout the week. Sixteen crews have entered for the competition, and as all have been in training for the last three weeks, some good racing is expected. The winners will receive trophies presented by Mrs T. Gill. As soon as these events are concluded the club will select its representatives for the Colac Regatta, on the 13th December. The Northern District Rowing Association Regatta takes place at Corop to-day, on the waters of Lake Cooper. The first regatta, of the season in connection with the Sandhurst Rowing Club was held on Wednesday last, on Lake Weeroona. Rain fell about noon, and somewhat militated against the attendance, which was, however, not small. The secretary. Mr Cawardine, worked hard to make the affair a success, and was ably assisted by the various other officers. The Maiden Fair Race was won by H. Kuhlken (stroke), and L. Mundelein (bow) ; the Trial Fours by D. Wilson (stroke), R. Ford (3). J. Morgan (2). W. Sutton (bow) ; the Lightweight Fours (under 9st 7lb) by C. Kirkby (stroke), L. Lay (3), M. Brennan (2). J. Coglan (bow). For the Maiden Sculls only two started, viz., A. Bennett and P. Donnellan, the latter eventually winning. Bennett having turned on the wrong side of tbe buoy. F. Hunter won the Tub Race and J. Elliott and A. Graydon the Pleasure Boat Race. The next regatta will be held on New Yesr's Day. Now that the Champion Four-oared Race is over, the chief interest will centre in the Champion Sculling Race on the 10th Nov. prox, and the Intercolonial Eight-oared Race on the 29th of the same month. Greater interest has been given to the former since it has become definitely known that at least one sculler from Sydney (Mr Lambert, of the Leichardt Rowing Club), will take part in the contest, which now takes somewhat of the character of an intercolonial event. It was thought until recently that Mr East, who hails from tbe same club as Mr. Lambert, would be chosen to represent the New South Wales sculler, but his defeat a few weeks ago by his club fellow has changed the aspect of affairs. It is quite sufficient to say that he has been entrusted with the task of upholding the honor of his club to let Victorian scullers know that he is an opponent of no mean calibre. One thing Mr Lambert will be cer- tain of obtaining here, and that is a hearty welcome and fair play. The Victorian scullers in training comprise J. C. Fitzgerald (Mel- bourne City). J. L. Bannister (Corio Bay) J. Walters (Yarra Yarra), and F. W. Commons (Ballarat). Fitzgerald has been training recently at Footscray over the course, and is said to he nearly up to his form of two years ago, when he succeeded in winning the first championship race rowed here, since which he has only raced twice, viz.. at Warrnambool last February, beating J. H. Kerr and Bannister in the Senior Sculls, and at the Melbourne Annual Re- gatta at Albert Park a week later, when the tables were completely turned. Bannister has not yet succeeded in winning a senior race in sculls, though his performances as a maiden and junior sculler secured him many friends, who are in hope of seeing him in front on this occasion. He will row in a boat just lately built for him by Dick Fuller, a large roomy craft, with a 12-inch beam, which should be just the boat for such a heavy man, his weight in condition being 13st 5lb Walters is not such an expert sculler as the two previously named, but for dogged perse- verance it will be hard to find his equal. He has a rather fast recovery, and bends his arms too soon when he catches the water, both of which faults militate against the speed of his boat, and his most sanguine supporters can scarcely expect to see him win. Commons has a good reputation in the Golden City, but this will be his first essay at a three mile race; but if he has as good staying powers as most of the oarsmen who hail from the same place, distance will not be a great obstacle to his winning. It was rumored that A. F. Garrard, of the Barwon Club, would most probably be a starter, and also E. R. Ainley, of the Yarra Yarra, but as both have been engaged in the Championship Fours, their intentions are not definitely known. The crew to represent Victoria in the Intercolonial Race, on the Parramatta, on the 29th November, have not been definitely decided upon yet, and in this re- pect we are consideraby behind our New South Wales cousins, who have had their representatives in training for some two or three weeks past. Victorians will have to look out, or their long list of victories will be broken on this occasion. Certainly most of those who will be in the crew have been in training for the championship races, but this is not enough where so many styles are grouped in one boat. What they require is some long rows with the men who are the most likely to be in the final selection. It is useless taking out men who have not the ghost of a show of remaining in the crew, as it only hinders the preparation of the others, and does no good whatever. The committee who have the management of the race and all matters connected with it have had some ex- perience of rowing, and should know that there is no time to be lost if the crew is to thoroughly represent the colony. A special meeting of the Bendigo Rowing Club was held on Monday evening at Parker's City Club Hotel, Mr D. Kerr in the chair. Correspondence was received from the Echuca, Corop and Eaglehawk clubs. The secretary of the N.D.R. Association forwarded the entries for the Corop Regatta, which takes place to- day. For the Senior fours— Bendigo, Eaglehawk, Echuca, Corop, Echuca East. Maiden Fours— Bendigo, Eaglehawk, Echuca, Echuca East, and Corop. Junior Fours \-- Corop (two), Eaglehawk, Echuca Ben- digo, Echuca East. Maiden Sculls.— Eagle hawk, Bendigo. Echuca, Echuca East. Maiden Pairs— Echuca East and Eaglehawk. In the evening a ball will be held at Corop, under the patronage of the visiting clubs. The boats belonging to the Eaglehawk and Bendigo Clubs left for Corop on Monday. Judging by the entries for the different events, the regatta promises to be the finest since the inauguration of the N.D.R. A. 