Humour. Everybody in tho world -is engaged in throwing the blamo on some ono olse. Many a youth, who seeks for tho treo of knowlodge gots only abranoh. If somo man succeed only in raising a big, OTcrhanging moustauho, thoy aro satis fied. The men who is perpetually hesitating aB to which of two thinsa ho will do Beldom does either, ' Short and sweet,' remarked tho grocor, as ho tied up thirteen ouncos o£ Bugar and marked it ono pound. Ethel — ' You say whon Charloy proposed ho didn't get down on his kneea ?' Evelyn — ' No ; I waa on hia kueea.' Men would not caro to bo wicked if women; did not look on naughtinoss with mingled dread and admiration. ' You seom to bo greatly annoyed ? ' ' Yes, I am.' ' What is tho cause V .' I can't find anything to complain of.' There is a placo for every ono in tho world —and out of it, according to tho theologians. Which placo? is tho burning question. ? She ? ' Do you think marriage is a failure?' Ho (aged twenty)— 'It beginB to look that way. I've boon rejected fourteen times.' Two glasses, a bottlo, two men, A question, a nod, and ' Say when.' Thero is only onolotterin a man's alphabet, and that is ' I ;' only ono in a girl'B, and that is ' O ;' only ono in a married woman's, and that is ' TJ.' Ho—' My dearest, darlingeat, littlo wifpy, ? ? Sho — 'You needn'temployany of that sort of taffy, for you won't got tho latoh-koy, no matter what you say.' ' Tis ten P. M. !' tho girl exclaimed, But useless did it provo. Ho didn't seem to understand That P. M. meant ' Please move.' Neighbour — ' What did your mother say, Johnnio, whon you told hoc I was very siok ?' Johnnie—' O, she said sho guessed you'd como around all right, 'eauao the good gono rally dio young.' 'Come hero, my little miiD,' suld a eentlo man to a youngster of five years whilo sitting in a parlor where a company was asoomVilod. 'Do you know mo ?' 'Ycth, thlr.' 'Who am If 'You ith the man that kithod mamma when papa was in Thuffolk.' ThoBibblor's son told his father tho other aay that ho believed all human hcinffs wero descended1 from, apes. In Ins -wrathful mgo tho old man retorted :— ' That may be tho case with you, but not with me. I caa toll you that.' A Good Bit of Advice— ICoraco Oreolcy ought to havo lived until now. Ho would lihvo amended lifa famous saying.— How 1— He would have Baid : ' Go west, young man, and get sent cast as a United States Senator.' InquisitivolYunkeo— May I a«k your views on tho Question of annexation I naughty Canadian— Wo intend to annex the United States, sir, as 8oon aa our English syndicates havo finished buying it. Ghost (ata nciinco)-l)a you recognise mo I Mrs Topper (confidentially)— Yes, you are my !ato hus band, John Topper. Cllio'st (surprised)— Howdid you know mo t . Mrs. Topper (firmly)— I smelt your breatli, John. ifo was in tho minister's parlour to pay his ad dresses to tho dauj-hter. 'Do you drink whisky !? asked the holy man. ' Thanlffl, don't .caro if Ido, but I prefer brandy.' ''Tis ten p.m.,1 tho girl exclaimed, But useless Jid it prove. Ho didn't seem to understand .. ' ' . That p.m. meant ' I'leaso moyo.' . Neighbour— What did your mother say, Johnnio, when you tol'l hor -I was very siok I1 Johnnio-Oh 8ho said she guessed you'd como around ill right,' 'cause the good generally die young. Mrs. JagRS (suspiciously)— Your eyes aro watery and'terribly inflamed. Mr. Jaggs (with an injured Mr)— Well, next timo you givo mo a Biblo for a birthday present, don't select ono with such fine print. ? The man who Bays sarcastic tilings about his wifo 'going through 'his trousera'pookcts' whilo ho is asleep, is gcnerallytho one who doesn't givo his wifo any inonoy when ho is awake. She— Edward, thejminlstcr has ftsked me to sing at the concert for tho church fund, and I ? Ho (cagorly)— Oh, go, by all means. I never did havo much lovo for that parson, or his contrrcgation cither. ' AtMifornia Prophet predicts tho destruction of eliicngo witliin tlio next eighty days. ClosO investi gation proves that tins prophet moved from St. Louis .(p.Cnlifornia. ?A DouWo Tiikonon.— ' Your son was hen- yestor .'day and'had tiiifpictuHi. taken.' 'Tliat'u'liko him.' 'And he said you would bo around to pay for it.'. ' And ttatfa. like him.' . ? . '. '/'.Call nn innn happy, till he's dead,' said tho old' 'philosopher. The Somorvillo Journal ftdda : And don't bo too mire of it then. You may have ovcr looked sonic part of his record. ?Mrs-. Itich (excitedly)-B:iby has swallowed my watch.'- ])ear,:deiir,dcni,whatHliiillIdo,I ' Watoh . maker-Let him swallow .the chain ; then pull. At tho Threshold of a Turkish llath.-Lcan lady to stout lady, friend— You don'tracan tosayyou come hero to get lean ! Why, my doctor ordered mo hero to get'f at. ' IIo wl'io darca lo predict tho weather- from day to day five.i hostages to chance, aud discounts probabi lities with more than tho easy confidence of :i combi nation hank wrecker. . -.-?.. ,.. . Ho — Forhapa you won't believo mo, but I novei\ laugh at an inferior. Sho-Of course I bolievo you, It would bo impossiblo for you to do such ft thiup-. ;If Borne poets ' learn ia suffering what they teach in song,1 how they must havo sulll- rcd. New York may probably get tile next world's fair but it will never gel ouo in this. ? ? ?' ' Yeast-Do you play chess I dimmm-beak— Well, no : I cau't.say 1 play it. I work lit. it ocean iuimlly. . It may ho nil light to wuit for ' dead men's huoch,' but it'8 folly togo Htandiui; around barefooted during tho interval. Tho fashionable woman in tho fortiea is not ironorally ivmbitioyn to discover a now wrinklo, . . ? ' / 175 