A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "lFair," in its commercial sense, is a "free market." In ot?er words, a "fair" means a market at which all and every may purchase or not without bena seubjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell wath out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the sodsa and industrial life of the people; but, sines the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communicathon which has resulted, these fairs have pretty weltdle out,amatterperhaps for regret, in some respeots, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown. indeed veryUlttle of the old fashioned methods obtain in thesefast go-a-headolonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. LIe, too, though longer in its average than oat worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to doas much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. Tnsa, however, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred. fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: "Let science, leaning, arta and commerce die, But give us back our ownnobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as edno tion and a higher intelligence have ta?ght them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of .Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and reanements of home if e. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australla. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messra. Foy and Gibson, are, conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression. "it is a aight':todo sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Mesars. Foy and Gibson's great shops durmq the day aust, indeed, hare a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eages desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered b Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by theirattendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Gd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftlessslovenlybachelos days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - fns of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a highes purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not eunp pose that Messrs. Foyland Gibson, when contemplat ing the establoshment of these fairts, took into reco honing the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en~ terpioe, and Mhssrs. For and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, thoughintangible balance of an m creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromthese fal, san that is, that in the hands of capable men, no aeirs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fxed system-result of long experience-and large business ex perience, controls every detail of 'the bus ness, so that' matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engime. Some ldeamay be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's presses of their aire when.we inform them that the frontage extends 20Lft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms,. fll" with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder ii ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty sillks and velvets, and laces, and othes bewildering matters, taste again some alight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mh Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oua philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghostsst de" parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at For and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, havin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld a new revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blas and played out. For such people there is buh ne resource-patent-medlcines.-[ADvr.] 