ERRONEOUS IDEAS ABOUT , SECTS. Some strange notions with regard to religious bodies, which were once believed to -be a consequence of the old relations of the state with denominational religion, are still retaining their hold, and are . 1 1- _ J _ A1_ L.LL 1 I cnensueu appureutiy uuiu uy uwuiiu lay- men and clergymen. It seems a difficult thing, indeed to lay the ghosts of the old ideas. The theory is, that officially there is to be no acknowledgment of sects or churches, and no recognition of their respective ministers as such. But the practice is not in accordance with the theory. The Mayor of Sydney admits this, in : his letter printed m pur page of correspondence in this issue. Mr. Burde- kin may entertain no thought of sect arianism, and believe he merely invited the assembled Roman prelates, as a gentleman would invite a private friend, or several private friends, without con sidering to what sect he or they belonged. But we can scarcely assure him that that would appear to the public, or to the Romish prelates themselves, the true significance of the action. These prelates came to Sydney emphatically on a de nominational errand, to perform a de nominational function. They were offici ally invited simply, in their denomina tional character, not merely as visitors to Sy dney. They were invited in globo as a religious body : and the compliment was understood to be offered to the sect which thev represented. Mr. Burdekin indeed mentions, that some clergymen of other denominations were, on former occasions, invited to a similar compliment. This is not to the; purpose. There was no other body of religionists selected for such a compliment as the invitation of its whole representative body, giving it thus an official recognition. If such recognition is officially accorded to one body, it is right that it he accorded to all, and even to the Chinese. If it is impossible to recognise all, then the selection of one is invidious ; and certainly the selection of the Romish prelates is open to the criticism of manv. who are ant to susnect public men of wooing that sensitive de nomination, with a view to future favours. The attitude of such an officer as the Mayor towards religious sects, ought to be simply non-recognition as sects, and the compliment of such invitations should be to guests as individuals, not as officers of any church. As the matter stands now, there is one sect alone singled out for a special compliment, and that sect the one which arrogantly assumes to be the " miBtresB " of all others. Almost at the same time, comes to. us, f . by telegraph, the story, that even our late primate, Dr. Barry, is actively, interfering to oppose the Queen's assent to the divorce relief bills sent up by New South Wales and Victoria. This arises from - just the same mistake about the supposed relation of religion to the state. Bishop - Barry argues, that divorce, except for adultery, is forbidden by the interpreta- - tion of the scriptures given by his church, therefore he seeks to oppose it by law. But the law is intended for everybody, not only for the members of one Beet : therefore the opinions of one sect, or of ftTTAnf.Yr nnnrlvk Tinf tn flfmnt. "in tVm m Attain Each sect has its own regulations which may bind its members. Let the bishop try and get his sect to forbid such divorces ; but the state ought not to en force on all, the tenets or rules of a sect. A similar misconception is apparent, in the statement of one of our Australian bishops this week. Dr. Camidge attri butes the backward state of the Church of England to the apathy of the people, and to " their willingness to reduce that church to a sect." Now what could the bishop have had in his mind ! A sect, or section, is a part of the whole ; and if the Church of England is not a part of the whole Christian body in these colonies, why she cannot be Christian at all. This kind of confusion of ideas arises from an unde fined hankering after the old state establishment system, or the ghost of it shrieking out, of the former pretensions to superiority. 