ïïhz fBrisïmtts (&HXL;ÚZV. THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1S90. AT tho timo of writing tho flood waters oro still rising, though it is now nearly twonty-foux hours since the rain coasod ia Brisbane ; and whilo wo may hope that with this morning's ebb tide the lovel will begin to recede, thereappears to boat present no assurance that such will bo the caso. All day yesterday and all last night the waters roso slowly, and many placos which had been deemed to bo beyond tho floods wore inundated, causing the destruction of much property in cellars and riverside stores. Unhappily we havo to-day to re- cord the loss of two lives, one at Milton and the other at Swan Hill, both deaths boing occasioned by men venturing into the water. In tho former case, Mr. Dalgleish endeavoured to swim to a houso to BOVO property and was drowned, and at Swan Hill some unknown passenger last night refused to bo warned by tho mon plaood on the road for that pivrpose or to wait for tbo punt plying across tho flood waters; ho walked into the stream, and was Boen no more. With tho advance of the waters yosterday it soon became evident that the gas would havo to bo cut off, in order to keep tho pipes from becoming swamped, and last night tho whole city was in darkness. On this ac- count, and because of the danger to Ufe in so many directions, the overworked polico were reinforced by a body of fifty mon from tho Permanent Artillery. These patrolled the streets, and so far as could be ascertained last evening the dark- ness was not made the occasion of any dis- order or misconduct. Of course no im- provement could be made in communica- tion by rail and telegraph yesterday. Indeed, no trains will be run on the main line to-day beyond Milton, and Sandgate and Cabool- ture will be the only other lines open. The mails for Europe were got away by the Ranelagh yesterday, and we may expect mails from the South to-day by the Aramac ; but it will be several days, probably, before telegraphic communica- tion is restored. Information which we publish in this issue shows that the floods have been exceptionally high in the Oxley district, the marks reached in 1864 having been submerged by no less than 6ft. Much destruction of property and conse- quent hardship must be occasioned, though up to the present no loss of life there has been reported. Further comment must be reserved for a future date ; no doubt it will be found necessary to organise means of relieving distress in several places, but the immediate wants of sufferers have been attended to by neighbours with a hearty goodwill that is worthy of all praise. _______ As anticipated General Edwards's reports and speeches during his late tour of inspec- tion through Australia, have been read with great interest in England, and, of course, in military circles, a very great deal of comment has been provoked and published through the medium of the rnilitary papers. It is pretty generally admitted now that the recognition of federal defence by all the leading statesmen of Australia as a matter of urgent necessity, greatly assisted in bringing the larger question of Australian Fedoration into prominence, and directly brought about tho mooting of re- presentatives at the late conference. On this account, thorcforo, the develop- ment of federal défonce becomes a matter of flr3t-rato importance, materially affecting the largor question of Australian Federation, and tho arguments pro and con from a military point of view require to be i studied carefully. On the whole the military Press adopts Major-Gonoral Edwards's suggestions in thoir ontirety, and probably from a want of knowledgo of the local considerations, with which Gonoral Edwards was so careful to mnko himself acquainted, refrain from any do tailed comment on his reports. On tho principle of hearing both Bidos, it will bo instructive for us to notico some of tho ob- jections to a föderal Australian army, as specified in the Broad Arrcno, a woll-known military journal which claims to enjoy a largo circulation, and to number officers of high rank from both services amongst its readers nnd con- tributors. In a loading article entitled " Colonial Dofonce," specially written in view of Major-General Edwards's reports, it points out that " it was only the othor day that tho Australian colonies, or most of them, woro inducod to put- their hands in thoir pockets on the understanding that if they did so, tho mother-country would not only dofend their territory from assault, but would go further, and in war time keep tbo Australasian commercial ports open to trade. Now, it soerns one of our own envoys (General Edwards) is practically tolling tho colonists that this is a delusion and a snare." Going on furthor, it points out that " it is noither logical nor politic to preach to them that the Imperial dofonce thoy pay for is as a matter of fact useless." This is certainly a remarkable statement to emanate from a paper enjoying such advantages in thomattorof circulation and patronage ns tho Broad Arroto claims for itself. Certainly from our point of viow it is most important to know tho exact value of the assistance proposed to be afforded to Aus- tralia by tho fleet which we have boen BO strongly prossod to subsidise If the Broad Arrow"» view of tho matter bo roally correct, then wo in Queensland, at loaBt, have every reason to congratulate ourselves on having stood aloof from tho other eoloniea In tho mattor of naval tributo, and thuB osoapod a very bad bargain. How. over, to quote still further,-"To us it certainly appears that the course wa aro pursuing, through tim instromentality of General Edwards, La most ijl.advisad, and most caloabrted to bring us into troublo, To our mind our policy should be to toll the colonista constantly pf the greatness of the Imperial power, and to call upon them to join in spending their money to support it, rathe« **"-i rely ou w% system of defence however . apparently cheap and1 strong." Trulj, ÍJomotrtus the silver- smith and his fellow craftsmen of Ephesns must havo migrated to Britain, for cer- tainly their descendants are now flourishing thore. "We havo hitherto boon taught that tho mother-country regards our interosts as hor own, that in tho words used by Lord Carrington, when referring to this very matter of Imperial Naval Défonce, England will protect the coast of Queensland as she would that of j Kent, and is prepared to spend hor last coin in avenging an insult offered to these Bhoros by a foroign power. But is this nil a mistake ? Is tho assertion made by tho Broad Arrow that "every ponny that is spent on tho local defence of a colony is something taken away from the Imperial power of threatening" to bo token as repre- senting tho light in which our local pre- parations fordofonce are viewed in England? "Wo refuse to bolieve that such is the caso, and however wo may disagree with the mothor- country concerning the best mothod of securing our mutual interests from foreign aggression, wo still believe that hor J heart is with us, and that nothing is further . from the thoughts of hor statesmen than the fear of seeing Australia too powerful. Since tho withdrawal of the Imperial, troops from these shores it has ever boen the aim and policy of tho Home Govern- ment to encourago tho development of our local forces, and with that object the best organisers and instructors obtainable have boen freely lent to UB from time to time, and every facility has been afforded to colonial officers to porfoct themsolvos !in all arts pertaining to war by throwing opon tho groat schools of instruction at Aldorshot, Shooburyness, and elsewhere to their uso. Well may tho apostles of Imperial federation exclaim "Save us from our friends," when such moans as wo have above quoted aro advooatod for tho purpose of drawing tighter tho bonds which at present vmito the mothor-country aud hor j colonies. ALTHOUGH there may havo been such a word as fail in Mr. Hennikor Heaton's lexi- con, it would appoar as if his opponents had borrowod tho embarrasing volume. At any rato tho apostle of ocean penny postage does not soem to recognise the possibility I of anything but success, and his doggod J determination keeps him over at the fore- front of tho fray. Proud and happy will he be \ when the last objection has been overcome, and tho despised bronze token of our | coinage takes its place as the common charge for the despatch of an ordinary letter to any address in the empire. The gOBpol of postal reform and Imperial I unity, according to Henniker Heaton, has | frequently mot with rebuffs moro or loss severo ; but these pass by with littlo effect upon tho onthuBiastic Anglo-Australian. The " ghost" episode formed one of tho rudest of those shocks so far as might bo gathered from its personal effects ; but oven tho secrots which then came out have been well-nigh forgotten, and Heaton tho brave is still upon tho old ground and anxious to force engagements. The exposure of the vicarious nature of tho efforts formerly attributed to Mr. Heaton's own brain ' has passed by, and tho jeors and laughter occasioned thereby havo died away without shaking his determination to succeed. Another request for a Boyal Commission or a Solect Committee to ' inquire into tho subject will undoubtedly bo niado shortly, and meanwhile on opportunity, too good to bo thrown away, has boon afforded of foreshadowing the information which will bo promptly laid beforo such a Parliamentary Committee when appointod. Owing to a statement mado by the ubiquitious London correspondent of an English provincial journal, a rumour recently gained ground that tho early introduction of a ponny service between England and the colonies was contem- plated by tho Imperial Postmaster-Geuoral. But tho hopes thus raiBodwero destined to be speedily shattered, and tho unkindost cut of all lay iu the nature of the opportunity seized to effect their overthrow. For strangely enough tho blow foil during a j celebration which might rather havo been I oxpocted to support than to oppose the movement. At tho ponny postago jubileo banquet a fow weoks ago, tho subject cropped up incidentally, but only to have ! its head knocked off by the Konian humour of Mr. Baikos. Tho extremo laudation of | Rowland Hill, which was perhaps indis- pensable upon tho occasion, and tho very cause of tho banquet itsolf, woro both pre- sumably a littlo inconsistent with the treatment bestowed upon tho proposed extension of tho ponny radius, but the arguments brought forward certainly require somo boating down. Mr. Baikes foundod heavily upon what ho termed tho " aroa of productivity," and proved to the satisfaction of most of his listeners that the boundaries of that aroa are still within the confino» of the Unitod Kingdom. India was said to bo boyond tho palo of hope at present, but Australia carno in for a word of oncouragoment, although tho value of the refcrenco was immediately discounted by a reiteration of the non pomimus previously applied to other colonies. But tho conclusions of Mr. Baikes j wero not to go unchallenged. As i regarded by the hostile postal ' [ camp, tho Australian statistics are "amazing." Kot only is it pointed out I that the exchange of correspondence is ' greater per hoad in these colonies than in any other country, but that tho oxpansion of this letter-loving population is practically limitless. On thoso grounds Mr. H. O. ' Arnold- Forstor advocates an intermediate twopenny rate, as a recognition of the prin ciple of cheap ocean postage, and as the J easiost way of brooking tho chargo down to a penny. ThuB was a frosh opening providod for Mr. Honnikor Heaton. Tho occasion soomod to demand him, and, needless to say, ho rose to it without delay. Boorning the battlo from afar, or I in othor words at Naples, ho wrote from | thenoo stating afresh lils case for a Parlia- mentary inquiry. And, unlike the oele bratod caso of DardoU v. Pickwick, Mr. Heaton's case, when oponed, is found to havo a great deal in it. "With (til her I wealth and enormous trade England claims to be unable to remove existing restrictions upon ooroBiunioation, while foreign ooun ¡ tries are even now carrying letters to British colonies at half the British rate ) Last year Franca spent £1,063,000 in sub- sidising mail steamers, while England, í with her enormous colonial interests, psij? parted with £641,000 for a similar purpose. Inter alia Mr. Heaton mentions the fact that tho average daily «mount of money-orders received in the mother- country from Australia is ¡£1200, from America the daily total is no less than Ü40O0, whilo a propor- tionately heavy sum arrives from South Africa. He naturally infers that if the ties of affinity between colonists and " the old folks at home " are sufficient to keep up such hoavy remittances, a reduction in the postal rate would at once result in a great increase of mail matter. Nor is the mere impetus to correspondence the chief thing about which Mr. Heaton is solicitous. Ho points out the immonse value of regular and froquent communication for the pre- servation of family afiection, and with diplomatic skill humours the popular fancy of the hour by tracing the value of family ties in consolidating Imperial interests. Ho ridicules Mr. Raikes and his " area of produetiveness," claiming that it is far cheaper to-day to send a letter from London to America than it was from Lon- don to Dublin fifty years ago. And yet fifty years ago penny postage between the last-named cities became an accomplished fact, while an approving nation exclaimed, like tho Scotchman who is said to have once resigned a bawbeo, " Hang the expense 1 " Thus the question stands at present. The Postmaster-General on the one hand, backed up by the statistical strongth of his department, stands ready to demonstrate the impossibility of an Imperial . penny postage system until tho " area of productivity" is extended. Mr. Honniker Heaton, on the other hand, expatiates upon tho penny wisdom and pound foolishness of a waiting policy. And if tho Houso of Commons can bo induced to exa- mine some of his arguments, a radical chango cannot be long in taking place. The rapid increase of trade between Aus- tralia and Europo at the expense of Groat Britain is a striking commentary upon the value of an effort to cheapen communica- tion. And by the time the Imperial Federa- tion League wakes up to the fact that the bronze connection of a penny post might after all bo of . greater value than silicon cords or golden links in strengthening those ties of affection so frequently and feelingly referred to in cablegrams, Mr. Heaton will probably find that his mission has at length been accom- plished. But it is safe to prophecy that tho " ties of interest" which underlie so much emotionol Imperial oratory will derive just as much benefit from the change, and it is, thereforo, only fair to point out that as England makes a large profit, while the colonies aro all inourring severe losses in the main- tenance of postal communication, it is her duty to lead the way in any reduction of the rate. She can well afford it, and tho greater part of the benefit would be hers. Our publication this morning has boen soraowhat hurried on account of the encroach- ment of flood waters into tho machine-room. During the daywator had accumulated in tho lane at the rear of the Brisbane Newspaper Company's premises, and this would have flowed through the iron grating into tho basement, but that it was kept back by a dam constructed parallel with the external wall of tho building. Howovor, in spite of every effort the soakage gained upon the pumps on the promises; and it was deemed advisable to go to press earlior than usual lest the machine room should becomo flooded and stop work. Binco Wednosday afternoon (says the Mary- borough Chronicle of 8th instant) the weather has gradually becomo worse, and last night may be said to have reaohed a olimai. Throughout the day a gale was blowing, with heavy rain, and at half-past 5 it came down vory severely, lasting without intermission till a late hour in tho eveninp, and then showing no signs of clearing up. Tho streets wero veritable lakes, and in many plaocs pedestrians were obliged to wade nearly kuoe-deep in rush- ing waters. . , At Gympie at 9 p.m. the river was Oft. under Channon-street Bridge and rising stoodily, the rain also con- tinuing unabated. At Tiaro also the rain was constant and tho river rising. It is quite possible, in view of these foots, and the present stato of the weather, that a small flood will re- sult; at any rate those who are liable to be affected by flood waters would do well to be on tho alert. At Pialba, as at Gympie, the rain was heavy yesterday and the previous night, and the oreoks on the road were rising and oould not be crossed in the afternoon. Our Gympie correspondent wired at 9.20 p.m: " Continuous heavy rain and strong wind here since noon ; river rising and rails now being removed from Channon-street Bridge, though Bull fully 12ft. under it." The following rainfall records were issued at 11.80 yesterday by the Weither Bureau: -Brisbano and suburbs-Wiokham-terrace, l-61in.; Kangaroo Point, 0-91in.; New Farm, 0'78in.; South Brisbane, l-78in.¡ Bowen Park, 0-90in.; Beenleigh, 0-46in.; Lytton, 0-26in.; Nerang, 0-82in.; Redcliffe, 0-20ln.; Southport, 0-22in.; St. Helena, 0*04in. Extreme tempe- ratures ; Brisbane and suburbs-Wickham tarraoe, 81deg. and 70deg.; Kew Farm, 82deg. and 72deg.; South Brisbane, 82deg. and 71deg.; Bowen Park, 80deg. and 69deg. The spécial meeting of the shareholders of the Freehold Bank and Building Company, Limited, called for yesterday afternoon lapsod, there being only three dlreotors present. The meeting was adjourned for a week. The English maila per the Orient steamer were despatched yesterday afternoon by steamer to Sydney, whence they will be taken to Ade. laida by rail, The British India and Queensland Agency Company have advice through Beater's that the It.M.S. Jumna, outward bound for Qneens 1 land sorts, left London on the 7th instant, ... ¡^ f ^rhe Supremo Court had to be adjourned yes | teraay morning until to-day in consequence ot ? the abscnco of counsel in the case of Anderson ' v. Smith, Forrester, & Co. His Honour Mr. Justice Mein took his seat on the bench at half past 10 o'clock. It was then announced that Mr. V. Power, who lives at Kangaroo Point, and Mr. T. J. Byrnes, who lives at Coorparoo, had been unable to reach town owing to the floods. The prevailing floods having prevented the despatch of mails to all parts of the colony, the Queenslander will not be published as usual on Friday this week, but on Saturday. In connection with recent seizure by the Customs of goods, the property of Messrs. Exton and Gough, we understand that the board considers the seizuro justifiable, and eon firms the forfeiture. A meeting of the Brisbane Homing Pigeon Society was held on Tuesday night at Osboroe's Boom, Petrie's Bight, Mr. B. Murray in the chair. After paying the money won at the last race, arrangements were made for the next one, which would be from Rosewood, a distanoo of about thirty-six miles. The election of officers for the ensuing year, consisting of a patron, a president, six vice-presidents, five committee men, and a treasurer, brought the business to a close. The fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Brisbane General Hospital was held on Tuesday in the hospital buildings. Thero were present-Messrs. J. Petrie (in the chair), S. W. Brooks, H. J. Oxley, J. Stodart, J. Hardgrave, and P. Mallon. The report of the hospital for the fortnight ending 8th instant showed that the inmates on the date of tho previous report numbered 190; admitted since, 91; died, 7; discharged, 81 (44 cured or convalescent, 31 relieved, 6 in status quo). The names of the persons who died were :-Edward Thos. New- man, aged 84 j Ellen Starkey, aged 34 ; John Jas. Bryant, aged 26 ; Patriot Wright, aged 24; Ellen Newman, aged 16; Bridget Farrel, aged 80; James Hirst, agod 60. During the fortnight C69 out-patients were treated at the hospital. The report of the Convalescent Home showed that at the date of the previous report there wore 14 patients re- maining in the home, and l8 were admitted during tho fortnight, giving a total of 82. Of these 17 were discharged, and on 8th March there were 15 remaining. The following dona- tions wero acknowledged :-Papers and periodi- cals from tho Hons. W. 0. Power and Jas. Swan, MM.L.C, and Messrs. J. J. Horrocks, F. MacDonnell, J. Petrie, J. Sinclair, Edwards and Chapman, and the A.M.P. Society ; fruit, surgical appliances from Mrs. T. E. White. Acoounts to the amount of £819 18s. Cd. were passed for payment. Amongst the inward correspondence road was a letter from Mr. Gailey in reply to a request that he would per- mit himself to be elected a life member. Mr. Gailey stated that he had increased his sub- scriptions to the institution, because he felt it was a deserving one. Ho did not seek to be a life-member, but if the committee choso to honour him in that way he would not object. Mr. Gailey was then unanimously eleoted a life-member. Routine business having boen transacted the proceedings terminated. At the last meeting of the Medical Society of Queensland held in the School of Arts on Tuesday, 11th instant, the following lesolutfon was unanimously adopted,-" Th%t this sooiety expresses its deep regret at the untimely death of Dr. Poland, who lost his life in the disoharge of his duty on board tho ill-fated Quetta, and tenders iWbeartfelt sympathy to his bereaved relatives." The following is tho surgeon-supeiinten dent's report of the Woogaroo Asylum for the week ended Saturday last : - In tho house at last report, 514 malos, 380 females; since admitted, 1 malo, 3 fe- males ; discharged, 4 females ; died, 2 males ; remaining, 513 males, 335 females ; grand total, including 120 males at Ipswich, 1018\. On tho 4th instant one male died from ulcération of the bowels, and on the following day Hany Atkinson, lato of Herberton, agod 60 years, died of pneumonia. The surgeon superintonrlont acknowledges the receipt of paroels of nowspapers from Mrs. Aysecugh and Mrs. Morrow, of Brisbane There was a fair attendance of officers and members at the Southorn Cross Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., on Tuesday night. Bro. Freeso, N.G., assisted by Bro. Jell, V.G., opened thelodge, which passed Bick pay and other acoounts. Bro. Crutohfield read the report of the com- mittee who bad interviewed Dr. W. Kobboll, the substanoe of which was unabated confidence in Dr. Kobbell's services. Bro. Gillies tabled a motion as to the changing of the place of meeting to South Brisbano, and the circular of the Grand Lodge reducing the weekly subscrip- tions to Is. Id. per week. The N.G. closed the lodge at 9.80 o'clock. 