[?] To the Editor of the Church of England Mewnqer. Sir,— Instruction through the agency of illustration has become a recognised factor in education, and is now generally used as an agree able cpver under which information of a practical kind is conveyed to learners ofeveiyage. Difficulty is (felt by most parochial clergy men in teaching the young members of -our Church a knowledge of her origin on the day of our Blessed Lord's utterance, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost,' &c;, and her growth from thence to the present lime. There is a hazy idea that Martin Luther and the German schism had somewhat to do with it ; but as to what the Reformation in England really was, or the previous history of the life of. the Church of England as an integral part of the Church Catholic, the mind is almost blank. To supply in some way this recognised lack of acquaintance with the leading facts of^ Church History, the Society far Promoting Christian Knowledge has published a series of 10 lectures com mencing with the early Christianity of Britain, and carrying the details of information to the Lambeth Conference 1888, the principal features of each lecture being demonstrated by about 50 Sciopticon slide illustrations. There can be little doubt as to the widespread knowledge such series of lectures delivered in the several parishes -of the diocese would help to disseminate, and the resultant effect to the Church through the increased attachment of the laity, bcne ? 'inforinati, to the priceless heritage they have received. Through the kind office of the Eev. Herbert Vale, 1 am now informed as to the cost of procurement from the society. The price for the 510 illustrations of the 10 sections; including package, would be — Plain photographs, £31 14s. ; coloured do., £136 12s. 6d. The latter would be the most useful, as more likely to be fixed in memory, as well as possessing the charm of greater attraction. The Church of England Temperanee Society cause could as usefully be promoted in its special work by imparting illustrated instruction in the evil results of excess in drink — lectures in this direction being also obtainable. If the several possessors of Sciopticon lanterns in the diocese were to unite ia forming a society for the establishment and circulation of a 11 Slide Library,' possibly arrangements might be made with the Diocesan Book Society for shelf room at the central depot. But without now entering into detail, if gentlemen willing to become mernbers of such a society, either as active lecturers or as subscribers to aid in the formation of the library referred to, and to whom benefits of use might be given, would kindly forward to me their names, I would then invite a meeting at some convenient place in Melbourne, where the matter might be discussed. — Yours, &c.; C. P. M. BAEDIN. Vicarage, Brunswick, 