? Is a column headed 41 Science" a Sydney paper lately gave an account of a fashiouable marriage. LA MIKS iu l\tris are wearing beautifully chased metal belts, lirass bands we have found very wc ring. JONAS TIMKS was married at liealiba the other day. Some womau has now a gloi ions opportunity ot leaving her mark on the times. " SIIOOTINI; at nothing and hittiua n neighbour" is a heading from a recent local daily. Perhaps the shootist, who was shouting at nothing, hit his mark. IT is feared the population of Victoria will be found to have fallen olT considerably by the next census returns. The falling oil" is particulaily Doticeable amongst bank clerks and managers. TIIF. Leaning Ton er of Vis* is to be rallied for. Our Government ought to buy a few chances. T. e tower would be excellent for our zealous police to lean against. 'The man who wins will have a lean on Pisa. FllOM the Aye agony column : — rjEOJtGE, 1JRAH, call again to-night. Dack- ^ way.—Ellen. Remember, the back-way, George ; the dog is kept iu the front garden. THE following is an American doctor's explanation of the action of electricity iu the execution of criminals:—"I)eith is produced by the electric currents action upon the gauglia of the heart, causing spasm of the heart's muscle, emptying the ventricles, finally propelling the charged aod fluid blood to the periphery and producing hyperiemic ecchymosis ia the most vascular parts of the most vascular organs." The explanatiou is terrible enough ; what must the death be ? AT the Sodality Hall of St.. Patrick s College a debate was held last Friday eveuing on the ques tiou, "That this Howf believes iu ghosts." Wc are sorry to hear that the House referred to is haunted by creditois, but why on earth make the matter public in such a " child-like and bland" fashion as this? Pc baps, after all, the House meant to fav that it believes in spirit* ; if so, we rise, with pleasure to second the motion in a short but effective speech, frequently interrupted by loud applause from a large and enthusiastic audience on these premises. A TEUKini.K disappointment was experienced by a poor girl at Brighton the oilier day. A local fishmonger had engaged her for a matrimonial alliance, and allowed all the preliminaries of a widding to tuke place, but spoilt the whole arrangement by neglecting to appear 011 the scene at the important moment, and the poor bride that was to be waited before a derisive crowd for the bridegroom who never came He had left the district at the last moment iu an awful state of bl'Jc funk. If it will be any consolation to the illused girl we may state that in the church she was only in the s me position as half the youug won en present—waiting anxiously for a husband. We hope she won't fret about the departed fishmonger; if she waits a while she may get a man. WHAT a fuss some of the Sydney unemployed arc making because they have to sleep 011 the wharves and iu the Domain, and yet we never hear a murmur from the Pressmen, mauy of whom have had uo other campiug-ground for years. Paticnce in suffering i6 really one of the Pressman's most promiuent trait*—chronic thirst is the other. A GEKMAN scientist has discovered that the soprano voice is best for use in the telephone, and none other should be applied. Now, when Mrs. Hrown calls unexpectedly at Brown's chambers in the city, and finds that great niau Mc-a-tcte with a sweet little belle of the opera, there will be 110 necessity for any high stepping or confusion, llrown will merely introduce the gay young thing as " my soprano, dear; for use on the telephone, you know." Wii.LODOHiiv ANDREWS, of Fydney, has recently been convicted of murder. lie knew a draper, aud as Willoughby owed him some money he (Will) thought of a convenient way of paying him out, and he called upon his creditor « ith a youug gun, and mortally wounded him. What wc want to dwell on with derision is the ac'.i n "f the solicitor for the Crown, who has put iu a u;.leli of poems—epics, sonnets, trioUts and things.—con. structed by Willoughby, as evidence of the soundness of the prisoner s mind, and a complete refutation of the plea of insanity. This action, to our thinking, is proof positive of chronic lunacy in the Crown Solicitor's family. He wants to prove his man sane, and brings forth the strongest evidence of aberration of intellect and fermentation of the brain. The writer of this " par " can get into any respectable asylum in the colony 011 the strength of several little poems of his own. A '.nan cvnnot. write poetry without being IHH.I1, but ot course he can be mad without writing poetry — poetry is merely an aggravation of the disease. Wu have read some of Willougliby Andrews' poetry, and we should say his brain was submerged iu water and dotted with soft spots. They would have had him in an asylum long ago only it. was feared he would destroy Hie other patients' chtmccs of recovery by reading his pet epic to them. 