rm ST#S¥¥s&i;,ia1 Urith : a Tale of Dartmoor. By S. Barixg Gould, M.A., Author of ' Mehalah,' ' John Herring,' ' Court itoyal,' &c.; Chapter VIII.— ST. MARK'S EYE. The ballad of the ' Lady's Coach,' sung to a weird air in an ancient mode, such as was becoming no more usual for composers to write in, and already beginning to sound strange and incomplete to the ear, at once changed the tenor of the thoughts of those in the tavern, and diverted their conversation away from politics into a new channel. The wind had risen, and was raging round the house, driving the rain in splashes against the casement; and puffing the smoke down the imfi/TYr intn flip rnnrtl. 'You came back from the moor along the Lyke Way, did you?' asked the farmer of Anthony. ' Yes : it is many miles the shortest, and there was plenty of light.' ' I wouldn't travel it at night for many crowns,' said the yeoman. ' Why not,' asked one of the miners. 'What is there to fear on the moor? If there be spirits they hurt no one.' ' I should like others to risk it before me,' siid the yeoman. ' Anthony took good care not to ride it alone,' mut tered Fox, with a side glance at youDg Oleverdon. 'You forced yourself on me,' answered Anthony, sharply. ' Of course you wanted to be quite alone— I under stand.' sneered Fox. ' You can comprehend, I hope, that your company is no advantage to be greatly deBired on the Lyke Way or elsewhere,' retorted Anthony, angrily. 'It is pos sible enough that it was distasteful to others beside myself.' 'And your society was infinitely preferable. I make no question as to that,' scoffed Fox. ' .Now, no quarrels here. We have banished politics. Must wo banish every other topic.that arises ?' asked Solomon Gibbs. ' W hat is this that makes you bicker now ?' ' Oh, nothing !' said Crymes. ' Anthony Clever don and I were discussing the Lyke Way, and whether either of us cared to go along it at night. I shrink from it, just as does Farmer Cudlip. Nor does Cleverdon seem more disposed to walk it.' ' I am not disposed to travel over it in rain and wind, in the midst of a thunderstorm. I would go along it any other night when moon and stars show to allow of a man finding his road.' 'I'll tell you what,' said the yeoman; 'there's worse places than the Lyke Way on such a night as this.' '? Where is that?' ' Do you know what night it be?' ' A very foul one.' 'Ay, no doubt about that! after a fair day. But this is St. Mark's Eve, and I'll tell you what befel my grandfather on this night some years agone. 'Twas in r'eier Tavy, ton— it came about he'd been to the bury in' of his uncle's tnother's sister's aunt, and, as he said hisself. never enjoyed hisself more at a buryin'. There was plenty o' satfrou cake and cyder, and some bottle* of real old Jamaica rum. .mellow— Lor' bless you— soft and nieilow as a cat's paw. ? He lived, did my grand father, at Horndon, and it were a night much* such as Crith turret! chill in all her veins; her heart stood still, and she stood looking at her uncle with stony eyes. — Chapter IX. this. My granfer had rather a deal stayed wi' the corpse, but he was a migbtv strict and scrupulous old man, and he knowed that his wife— my grandmother as was — would expect him home about— well. I can't say for sartain, but, anyhow, some hours afore daybreak. Us poor fellers in this world o' misery and trial can't a' ways have what we desires, so my grandfer had to sacrifice hisself on the altar of dooty, and not bide with the corpse and Jamaica rum, not to mention the saffron cake. 'Tes surprising, gentlemen,' said banner Cudlip. looking round at Cleverdon, Crymes, and Solomon Gibbs, ''tes surprising now, when you come to reckon up, how soon one comes to the end o* eating cake, and yet, in Jamaica rum and punch — I thanky' kindly, Mr. Gibbs, to fill me the glass. Thanky', sir — As 1 was saving, in drink one's capacity is, I should sav, boundless as the rolling ocean. A' n't it now, Mr. Gibbs?' 'Ah! Solomon the W ise never said a truer word,' answered Solomon the Foolish. ' 'Tes curious, when you come to consider now.' said the farmer; ' for meat and drink both goes the same way. and into the same receptacle: yet how soon one is grounded on cake, but can float, and float— I thank you, Mr. Gibbs, my glass is emptv— float for ever in liquor.' ' We should like to hear what your drandfather did,' said Cleverdon, laughing. 'What he did? Why he sot down,' said Cudlip. ' ' After leaving the house of tears and bereavement, he was going home, and was very tired, his legs began to give way under him. And as he came along by the wall o' Peter Tavy Church, sez he to hisself, ' Why, dash me if it bain't St. Mark's Eve, and many a time have I heard tell that they as wait on that eve in the church porch is sure to see go by in at the door all they that is sure to die in the rest o' the year.' Well, gen tlemen, my grandfer, he knewed he was a bit late, and thought his wife — my grandmother —wouldn't take it over kindly, so he thinks if he could bring her a bit of rare news, she'd mebbe forgive him. And, gentlemen, what more rare news could he bring than a tale of who was doomed to die within the year ? So he went in at the churchyard-gate, and straight — that is to say, as straight as his legs, which weren't quite equal, could take him — to the porch, and there, on the side away from the wind, he sot hisself down.' ' I wouldn't have done it.' said one of the miners, nudging his fellow; ' would thou. Tummas ?' . ' Not I,' responded his comrade. ' If it had been tpe Lyke Way, that's different. I'd walk that any night. But to go under a roof, in the churchyard— it were tempting o' Providence.' ' Go on with your story,' said Solomon Gibbs. ' Those that interrupt lose a turn of filling from the bowl.' ' Well, then,' continued Cudlip, ' my grandfather was seated for some time in the porch, and uncomoiop dark it was, for there are plenty of trees in the church yard, and the nieht was dirty, and the sky covered j with clouds. How long he sat there, I cannot tell, but iong enough to get uneasy ; nit that he was afraid, bless your souls, of what he migbt see, but uneasy at being there so long, and seeing nutting, so that he must go home to my grandmother without a word o' explana tion or information that might pacify her, should she be inclined to be trouble-ome. Just as he was about io get up, in a mighty bad temper, and to go home, cursing the tools wno had got up the t de of St. Mark's Eve. why looking along tde avenue in the yard, what should he see but some curiouB long w hits tnings, like monstrous worms, crawling and tumbling, and making for the church porch. You will understand, gentle men, that my grandfather thought he would do better to wait where he was, partly, because he did not wish to pass these worm-like creatures, but, chiefly, that he might have something to report to his missus, to make her placable and agreeable.' ' But what were they?' asked Anthony Cleverdon. ' I'll tell you, Master Anthony. They was human arms, from the shoulder, walking of themselves ; first they laid along from shoulder to elbow, then the hand from elbow forward lifted itself and looked about, and then came down flat on the palm, and lifted all the hinder part from tho elbow joint till it stood upright, and then turned a somersault, and so on agaiD, two steps, as it were, and then a somersault ; a coorious sort of proceeding, I take it.' ' Very,' said Crymes, with a Bneer. ' There wes about pine of 'em coming along, some fast as if raciag each other, some slow, but creeping on, and overtaking (he others that was going too fast, and fell over on the elbow joint, when up went band and shoulder kicking in the a-r like a beetle on his back. My grandfather felt that now sartainly he'd have news to tell his old woman. Presently a lot of the arms was about the step to the church porch, sby like, not know ing whether to come in or no — some standing up on the shoulder and poking the hands in.somecurlin' of them selves up on the step, as a-going to eleep, and some staggering about anyways. At last one of the boldest of them made a jump, and came down on my grand father's knee, and eat there, with the shoulder part on I his knee, like as a limpet fastens on a rock, or the end of I a barnacle on a log of wood, and there it sat and curled itself about, and turned the hand just as it saw out of the nails — which was very white, and served as eyes. It was curious, my grandfather said, to 6ee the fingers curling one over the other, just as a fly preens its wings. My grandfer' couldn't make it out at first, till he at last saw it was pulling and picking at a gold ring on the last finger hut one. It was a very broad ring — and directly my grandfer' knowed if, and said, ' Why, blazes ! ' said he. ? that's Mistress Cake's wedding ring ! ' And no s juner had he said that, than the arm jumped off his knee and went on to the church door, and he saw it no more. Now it is a fact, gentlemen, that Mistress Cake, of Wringworthy, died a month later of the fall ing sickness. But he had not a moment for considera tion, as in came another arm, that 6tood at his foot bowing to him with the hand, and then patting him on the shin. This arm didn't like to seem to make so bold as to come up and sit on his knee, so my grandfer stooped and looked at it. It stood up on the shoulder, and it had very strong muscles : but rather stiff, they seemed, wi' age, for they cracked like when the arm bent itself about, which it did in a slow and clumsy fashion. 'Twas a brown arm, too, and not wliito, like Madam Cake's ; and the hand was big, and broad, and hairy, and it turned itself over and showed the palm ; and then it held up one finger after another, which was all covered with warts. Then my grandfer eaid, 1 Lor' bless and deliver ! but this be the hand of Ploughman Gale ! ' And sure enough, I reckon it was. It seemed quite satisfied, and folded itself up, and made a spring like a cricket -went out of sight to the church door.' ' I should like to know how your grandfather saw all this,' said Anthony Cleverdon, ' if it was, as you sav, a dark night, and it was in the church porch ? ' ' No interfering ! ' exclaimed Mr. Gibbs. 'You've forfeited. Here's your glass, Master Cudlip. Goon.' ' There's not much more to be said,' continued the yeoman. 'One or two more arms came on, and grandfer said there was a sight o' difference in their ways; some was pushing like and forward; and others rayther hung back and seemed to consider small bones of themselves. Now it was a fact that all those he saw and named belonged to folks as died within the year, and in the very order in which they came on and' pre- sented themselves before him. W hat puzzled him most to name was two baby-arms — purty little things they was -and he had to count over all the young childi en in the parish before he could tell which they was. At last, up came a long, lean, old, dry arm, tossing its hand in a short, quick, touchy fashion, and went up on grandfer's knee without so much as 'By your leave.' And there it sat, and poked its hand about, wi' all the fingers joined together like a pointed serpent's head. It moved in a queer, irritable, jerky manner (hat was familiar, somehow, to my grandfather. After a bit he put his bead down to look at the elbow, where he fancied he saw a mole, when— crack ! — the hand hit him on his cheek such a blow, that he tumbled over, and lay sprawling on the pavement ; and he knew, by the feel of the hand as it caught him, that it was -my grandmother's. When he bad picked himself up, ho saw nothing more, so he went home You may be very sure of two things, gentlemen — [Thank you, Mr. Gibbs, I'll trouble you to fill my glass. Talking has made me terible dry] — he never told his missus that Madam Cake's arm had sat on his knee, nor that he had seen and recognised her own arm and hand.' ' I wouldn't go on this night to the church porch, not for a king's crown,' said one of the miners. ' Did not your grandfather suffer for his visit ?' ' Well,' answered the yeoman, 'I reckon ho did ever after feel a sort o' cramp in his knees— particu- larly in wet weather, where the arms had sat— but what was that to the relit f ? My grandmother died that same year.' ' I wouldn't go there for any relief you might name,' said the miner again who was greatly impressed by the story. ' I've beard the pixies hammering down in the mines, but I think naught of them. As for the Lyke Way, what goes over that is but shadows.' ' Some folks are afraid of shadows,' said Fox, ' and don't think themselves safe unless they have at least a woman with them for protection.' ' You arc again levelling at me,' exclaimed Anthony Cleverdon. 'I have no fear either of shadows or substances. If you choose to come out and try with me, you will see that I . am not afraid of your arm, and that I can cbastiBe your tongne.' ' O! my arm!' laughed Crymes. 'Ineyersup- po°ed for a.moment you (dreaded that- _ hut it is ihe arme without bodies moving like worms in the church yard at Peter Tavy on this St. .Mark's Eve you are more likely to dread.' , ' I am not afraid of them,' retorted Cleverdon. ' So you eay ; but I do not think you seem inclined to show you are not.' ' Do you dare me to it ? ' ' I don't care whether you go or not. If you do, who is to stand surety for you that you go where 1 say — to the churchyard of Peter Tavy ? ' ' One of vou can come and see.' ? There! ' laughed Fox, 'crying off already ! Afraid to go alone, and appealing for company.' ' By heaven, this is too bad,' cried Anthony, and started to his feet. ?' D -n't go.' shouted Mr. Solomon Gibbs, ' It's folly, and break up of good company.' '? There's good company with Fox Crymes girding at me at every minute, liut, by heaven, 1 will not be jeered at as a coward. Fox has dared me to go to Peter Tavy churchyard, and go I will— alone, moreover.' ' No such thin?,' said the host ; ' it is too bad a night. Stay here and help finish this brew ; we'll have another bow], if Air. bolomon approves — and Mr. Cudlip.' ' I will go,' said Anthony, thoroughly roused, and rendered doubly excitable bv the punch he had been drinking. ' You have done wrong to spur him on,' said Gibbs, addressing Crymes. ' Faith, 1 am a sceptic,' said Fox. ' I disbelieve altogether in tbe walking arms, and I shall be glad to learn from a credible witness whether the same he a mere fiction and fancy, or have any truth in it. Master Cudlip's grandfather lived a long time ago.' ' 1 do not. believe in it either,' said Cleverdon ; ' but although I did L would not now be deterred. Fox ca*ts bis gibes at me, and 1 will show him that I have metle enough to make such a trifling venture as this.' He threw on his cloak, grasped his long walking stick, and went out into the storm. A furious gale was sweeping about the Uule hauilet of Cudlip town, where stood toe tavern. It was not possible to determine from which quarter the wind came, it so eddied about tbe ien and the open space before it. Anthony stood against tho wall outside for a moment or two till his eyes accustomed themselves somewhat to the dark. Every few moments the glare of lightning in the sky illumined the rock v ridges ut w hite Tor and Suieatdun. under which Cudlip Town lay, and tbe twisted thorns and oaks among blocks of granite that strewed the slopes before ttie three or four old farmhouses that were clus tered about tbe inn. Then Anthony, having satisfied himself as to bi6 direc tion, set down his head against tbe wind, and strode for ward, with his stall feeling the way. On his right, below in this valley, roared tbe Tavy, but the song of tbe water was mixed up with that of the wind so inextricably that Anthony,' had be tried it, could not have distin guished the roar of one from that of the other. 'The lane was between stonewalls and hedges of half stone, and half earth, in summer adorned with magnificent foxgloves. For a while the rain slackened, and where tbe walls were high Anthony had some shelter against tbe wind. Peter Tavy Church lay outside the village, and he wonid reach it without passing another house. The principal fury of the storm seemed to be con centrated over While Tor, a lofty peak of trap rock fortified in prehistoric tiroes, and with beacons and cairns of angular fragments piled up within the en closure. in one place a huge tang of black rock Btood upright, and was split by lightning, with a block of basalt fallen into the cleft, where it swung among the rocks. Over the cairns and embankments the thunder cloud flamed white, and threw out dazzling fire-bolts. Anthony stood one moment, looking up at the Tor: it ' was sb though the spirits of the air. were playing 'at tossbalUhere with thunderbolts. Then he again push) d forward. The wind, the cold— after the warmth of the tavern and the spirirs he had drunk — confused his brain, and, though be was not intoxicated, yet he was not judge. of his actions. At tbe next exploi-ion of the electric fiuid he saw before him the granite tower of the church, and the irees.in 'the .churchyard bare of leaves. . those in the tavern became grave and silent for a moment after Anfhony left. ? ? ? ' It is a folly, 't' sail, one of ? the-'mibers ? ' if is tempting heaven.' ' ' Idou't care whether he sees aught or not,' said Cudlip ; ' my grandfather's story is true. It don't follow because Anthony Cleverdon comes back having seen nothing that my grandfather told an untruth. Who can te.l ? Perhaps nobody in the pBtish will die this year. If there is to be no boriats, then no arms will be walkiag.' , ' 1 hope heV;not gone the wrong. road and tumbled into the 'river,' said Salomon Gibbs. 'I'll toll you ..what he wilj do,' said Fox. -'fle' will let us sit expecling'his return all night, and he will quietly take himself off to Hall, and laugh at us lor our folly to-morrow.' u Not he,' said the innkeeper; 'that's not the way with Master Cleverdon You might have done that, xand we should not ha' been surprised.' ' ' I would have done it, most assuredly. If Tony does not, then he is more of a fool than 1 took him. Be loves a bit of brag as much as another, and with brag he went forth.' 'There is no brag in him,' said Taverner, the ballad-singer. ' Every one knows what Anthony Cleverdon is ; if be says he wiil do a thing, be will do it. If we wait long enough, he will return from the churchyard.' 14 Or say he has been there.' ' It he says it, we will believe him — all but you, Mr. Crymes, who believe in nobody and nothing.' *' Now we have had. threats of quarrel already more ? than once ; 1 must stop this,' said Solomon 'Gibbs. ' Storm outside is sufficient. Let us have calm with in over tbe sea of punch.' ' Oh !' said Fox, contemptuously, ' I don't quarrel with old Taverner; no man draws save aga nst his equal.' , '? Punch ! more punch !' shouted Gibbs. ' Land lord, wo are come to the gravel. And Taverner! give us a song, but not one so dismal as ' My Lady's Coach.' 'J hat set us about speaking of St. Mark's Fve, and sent Cleverdon on this crazy adventure.' 'What shall I sing?' asked the songman, bathe did not wait for an answer. He stood np and began : — Oh : the trees they are so high, And the leaves they are so green I The day is past and gone, sweet love, That you and I have seen. It is cold winter's night, Tou and 1 must bide alone, Whilst my pretty lad is young, And is growing. The door was burst open, and Anthony entered, with the water pouring off him. He was blinded with the rain that had beat in his face as he came towards Cudlip's town. In his arms he bore something like a log. ' There!' said he. and cast this object on the table, where it struck and shattered the porcelain punchbowl, sending its la6t conients over the table and the floor. ' There !' shouied Anthony. ' will you now believe 1 have been in the churchyard ?' ' By the Lord !' shouted Solomon Gibbs, ' this is past a joke. This is a mortal insult.' '1 hat which Anthony had oast on the table was one of the oak posts which marked the head of a grave, square, wi'h a sort of nick end knob on tbe top. Such a post as wte put up by those who could not afford granite tombstones. ' It is an insult ! It is an outrage !' roared Gibbs. ' Look there ! he pointed to the inscription on the post — it ran thus: — Richard Maltine, OF WlLLSVORTHT, GENT. Chapttr IX.— WILLSWORTHY. The night of storm was succeeded by a fresh and sparkling morning. The rain hung on every bush, twinkling in prismatic colours. There still rose smoke from the moor, but the wind had shif ted, and it now carried the combined steam and .smoke away to the east. The surface of Dartmoor was black, as though bruised all over its skin of fine turf. Hardly any gorse bushes were left, and the fire had for more than one year robbed the moor of tbe glory of golden blossom that crowned it in May, and of tbe mantle of crimson heath wherewith it was enfolded in July. Luke Cleverdon, curate of Mary Tavy, walked slowly up the hill trotu the bridge over, the . brawling lliver Tavy towards Willsworthy. .He was a tall, spare young tuaii, with large solt brown eyes and a pale * face. His. life had not been .particularly happy.- His ' parents had died when he was young, and old Clever don, of Hall, had taken charge of the boy in a gruinblingly ungracious fashion, resenting the conduct of his brother in dying, and encumbering him with the care of a delicate child. Lufce was older than young Anthony, and possibly for a while old Anthony may have thought that, in the event of his wife giving him no son, Hall and his accumulations would devolve on this frail, white-faced, and timid lad. The boy proved to be fond of books and wholly unsuited for farm life. Consequently, he was sent to school, and then to college, and had been ordained by the Bishop of Exeter to the Curacy of Tavy St. Peter, or Peter- 'favy, as it was usually called. His uncle had never shown him affection, his young cousin, Anthony, had been in everything and every way preferred before him, and had been suffered to put him aside and tyrannise over him at his will. Only in Bessie had he found a Iriend, though hardly an associate, for Bessie's interests were other than those of the studious, thoughtful boy. She | was a true Mariha, caring for all that pertained to the good conduct of the house, and Luke had the dreamy idealism of Mary. The boy had suffered from con traction of the chest, but had grown out of his extreme delicacy in the fresh air of the country and living on the abundant and wholesome food provided in a farm. His great passion was for the past. He had 60 litt e to charm him in the present, and no pursuit unfolding before him in the future, that he had beeu thrown as a lad to live in the past, to make the episodes of history his hunting fields. Fortunately tor him, Dartmoor was strewn with prehistoric antiquities; upright stones ranged in avenues, in some instances extending for miles, with mysterious circles of unhewn blocks, and with cairns and kistvaene, or stone coffins constructed of rude slabs of granite. Among these he wandered, imagining strange things, peoplihg the solitude, and dreaming of the Druids who, he supposed, had solemnised their ritual in these rude temples. Old Cleverdon was angered with the pursuits of his nephew. He utterly despised any pursuit which did not lead to money, and arcbaiologv was one which might, and often did, prove expensive, but was not re munerative from a p- cuniary point of view. As soon as ever Luke was ordained and established in a curacy, the old man considered that his obligation towards him had ceased, and he left the poor young man to sustain himself on the miserable salary that was paid him by his non-resident rector. But Luke's requirements were small, aod his only grief at the smallness of his stipend was that it obliged him to forego the purchase of books. He was on his way to Willsworthy, four miles from the parish church, at the extreme end of the parish, to pay a pastoral visit to Mistress Malvine, who was an inval'd. Belore reaching toe house he came to a ruined chapel, that had not been used since the Deformation, and there he suddenly lighted upon Urith. His pale faceflushed slightlv. She was seated on a mass of fallen wall with her hands inber lap, occupied with her thoughts. To her surprise, on her return late on the preceding night, before the breakins of the storm, Ler mother had not followed her accustomed practice of covering her with renroacbps ; and this had somewhat disconcerted Urilh. 'Mrs. Malvine was a woman of not much intelligence, very self-centred, »nd occupied with her ailments. She had a knack of finding fault with ever* one, of seeing the demerits of all with whom she had to do: and s' e was not slow in expressing what she thought. Nor had she the tact to say what she thought and felt, and have done with it ; she went on n -urging, and raking up petty wrongs or errors of judg ment into mountains of misdemeanour, so that when at one moment she reproved such as had acted wrongly she invariably in the next reversed positions, for she rebuked with such extravagance and enlarged on the fault with such exaggeration^ as to move the innate sense of proportion and equity in the soul of the con demned, and to rouse the consciousness of injustice in the accused. . Such a scene had taken place the previous day, when her mother, aided by the blundering Uncle Solomon, bad driven Urilh into one of her tils of passion, in which she had run nwav# Whun Mistress Malvine discovered what see had done — that she had actually pressed her child beyond endurance, and that the girl had run to the wilderness, where she could no more be traced, when the day and evening passed without her return, the sick woman became seriously alarmed, and faintly conscious that she had tran greased due bounds in the reprimand administered to Uiith for rejecting the suit of Anthony Crymes. Consequently, when finally the girl did re appear, her nioi her controlled herself, and contented herself w ith inquiring where she had been. Luke Cleverdon knew Urith betier than, did his cousins. In his rambles on the moor, as a boy, be had often tome tliis wftv, and had frequently bad Lrith. as his companion, the friendship begun in childhood continued between them now that he was curate in charge of soul-, and she was growing into lull bloom of girlhood. . , . , H'- now baited, leaning both his hands on his stick, and spoke to her, and asked after her mother. Urith rose to accompany him to the house. ^ 4- She is worse; 1 fear I have caused her trouble and distress of mind.' 1 ran away from home yesterday, and might have been lost on the moor had not' ? she hesitated, her cheek as-umed a darker tinge, and she said - 'had I not fortunately been guided aright to reach k°' That in well,' said Luke. ''We are ail liable thus to stray, and well for us when we find a sure guide, and follow him.' For a young man he was gaunt. He was dressed in scrupulously correct clerical costume, a cassock and knee- breeches, white bands, and a three-cornered hat. Urith spoke Hbout the fire on the moor, the be wilderment caused by the smoke, and then of the storm during the night. He stood listening to her and look ing at her; it seemed to him that he had not before properly appreciated her beauty. He had wondered at her strange temper — now frank, then sullen Hnd re served ; he did not know the reason why this was now for the first time revealed to him— it was because in the night a change had taken place in the girl, for the first time she bad feltthe treath of that spirit of love which like magic wakes up the sleeping charms of soul and face, gives them exptession and significance. Not, however, now for the first time did the thought cross his mind that, of all women in the world, she was the only one he could and did love. He had long loved her, loved her deeplv, hut hopelessly, and had fought a hard battle with himself to conquer a passion which his judgment told him must be subdued. He knew tho girl — wild, sullen, and undisciplined — the last to mould in'o the proper mate for ft village pastor. _ More over, what was he but a poor curate, without interest with patron®, without means of his own, likely, as far as he could j udge. to live and die a curate ? He knew not only that Urith was not . calculated to make a pastor's wife, but he knew also that hers wsa not a chaiacter that could consort with h\s. He waB studious, meek, yet firm in his principles; 6be was hardly tame, of ungovernable temper, and a creature of impulse. No, they could not be happy together evpn were circum stances to allow of his marrying. He had said all thisjto himself a thousand times, yet he could not conquer his passion. He heid it in control, aDd Urith, least of all, had a notion of its « xisttnee. She exercised on him that magic that is exercised on one character by another the reverse at every point. The calm, self-ruled, in wrapped nature of Luke looked out at the turbulence or ihe moroseness of the wild girl with admirationniin gled with fear. It exercised ovir him an inexplicable but overpowering spell. He knew she was not for him, and yet that she should ever belong to another was a thought that he could not bear to entertain. He walked at her side to the boute listening to htr, but hardly knowing what she said. Tbe glamour of her presence was on him, and be walked as in a clcud ol light, that dazzled his eyes and confused his mind. Willsworthy was a very small and quaint old manor house— so small that a modern farmer would despise it. It consisted of a ball and a couple of silting- rooms and kitchen on the ground floor, with a projecting porch, with pavise over it. . The windows looked into the little court that was entered through old granite gates, capped with balls, and was backed by a cluster of bold sycamores and beech, in which was a large rookery. 'Mrs. Malvine was in the hall. She had been brought : down. She waa unable to walk, and she sat in her armchair by the hearth. The narrow mullioned lights did not afford much prospect, and what they did reveal was only the courtyard and stables that ironted the entranoe to the house. To the back of the house was, indeed, a walled garden ; but it was void of flowers, and suffered from the neglect which allowed everything abou' illsworthy to sink into disrepair and barrenness. It grew a few potherbs, half-choked by weeds. There was no gardener kept ; but a labourer, when he could be spared off the farm, did something in a desultory fashion to the garden — always too Jate to be of use to it. ' 1 eace be to this house 1 ' sa:d Luke, and passed in at the door. He found that, for all bis good wish, nothing at the moment was farther removed fronx Willswi rthy than peace. Solomon Gibbs had slept long and heavily alter his carouse, and bad but just come down the stairs, und had just acted the inconsiderate part of telbng his sister of the outrage committed by Anthonv Cleverdon on her husband's grave. The poor widow was in an hysterical condition of effervescent wrath and lamenta tion. _ The story was repeated, when Luke and Urith appeared, in a broken, inconerent fashion— the widow telling what she knew, with additions of her own, Solomon throwing in corrections. Urith turned chill in all her veins. Her heart stood still, and she stood looking at her uncle with stony eyes. Anthony Cleverdon, who had behaved to her with such kindness — Anthony, who Imd held her in his arms, had cairied her tbrongh the fire, who had looked into her face with such warmth in his eyes— he thus insult her father's name and her family ! It was im possible, incredible. Luke paced the little ball wiih his arms folded behind his back. He had heard nothing of this at Peter Tavy when be left it. He hoped there was some mistake — some exaggeration. VV hat could have been Anthony's object?' Mr. Solomon Gibb'e account was ceriainlv sufficiently involved and obscure to allow of the suspi cion that there was exaggeration, for Mr. Solomon's recollection of the events W9s clouded by the punch im bibeu overnight. But the fact that the headpiece of the grave had been brought to the tavern by his cousin could not be got over. Luke's heart was filled with commiseration for the distress of the widow, and pain for Urith, and with bitterness against Anthony. He had nothing but platitndes to say— nctbing that could pacify the excited woman, who went from one convul sion into another. Suddenly the door was thrust open, and in, without a knock, without permission, came Anthony himself — the first time he had crossed that threshold. Urith's arms fell to her side, and her fists became clenched. How dare he appear before them, after having committed --uch an offence ? Mistress Malvine held up her hands before her face to hide tbe sight of him from her eye®. ' 1 have come,' said Anthony. ' I have come be cause of that bit of to ufoolery last night.' Luke saw that his cou-in was approaching the widow, ani he stepped between them. ' For shame of you, 'Tonv ! ' he said, in quivering voi-.e. ' You ougtit never to show your face alter what has been done — at ad events here.' ' ' Get aside,' answered Anthony, roughly, and thrust him out of the way. ' Madame Malvine,' said he, placing himself before tbe hysterical widow, 'listen to nie. I am very sorry and ashamed for what I did. It was in utter ignorance. I was dared to go to the churchyard last night when I the ghosts walk, and Fox said no one would believe me 1 that I had been there unless I brought back some token. We had all been drinking. The night was pitch-dark. I got up the avenue under the trees, and pulled np the stake nearest to the church porch I could feel. Y\ hose it was, as Heaven is my witness, 1 did not know. I was wrong in doing it ; but 1 was dared I to do something of the kind.' ' You must have known that my brother- in-law lay on the right-band side of the porch,' said Solomon Gibbs. ' How should I know?' retorted Antbcny. 'Iam not sexton, to tell where every one lies. And on such a pitch-black night, too, I could find my way only by feeling.' ' Your offence,' said I/uke, sternly, ' is not against this family only, but against God. You have been guilty of sacrilege.' ** 1 will ask you not to interfere,' answered Anthony. ' With 'God I will settle the matter in my own conscience. Iam come here to beg forgiveness of Mistress Malvine and of Urith.' He turned sharply round to the latter, and spoke with a deep flush in his cheek, and with outstretched arm. 'Urith! you will te'ieve me! Yon will forgive 1 me ! With my best heart's Wood I would wipe out the | offence. I never, never dreamed of injuring and ® paining you. It was a misadventure, and my cursed § lolly in sitting drinking at the Hare and Hounds, and § of allowing myself to be taunted to a mad act by Fox i Crymes, wtio is my evil genius.' ' It was Fox Lrvmes who urged you to it r' asked '? Urith, ber rigidity ceasing, and the colour returning to jj her cheeks and lips. | ' He goaded me to the act, but he had nothing to do I with my bringing your father's headpiece to the tavern— that was ihe devil's own wiichcrait.' ' Mother,' 6aid Urith, 'do you hear; it was Fox Crymes's doing. On him the blame falls.' 1 ' You be ieve me, Urith— I know you mubt! You ] know I would not injure you, offend you, grieve you ; in any way. You must know that, Urith —you do in j your heart know it; assure your mot or of that. Here, i give me your hand in piedge that you believe — that you forgive me.' She gave hini it at once. ' Now see, Mistuss Malvine, Urith is my testi mony—Good God ! what is the matter ?' ' j Mrs. Malvine had fallen back in her chair, and was speechless. [To be continued. 