TALES AND SKETCHES. The White She-Wolf. ( Continuetlfrom tatl Saturday.) CHATTER tit. " Go to your room, you insolent young brat," broke in his father, in a voico of thunder ; "you spend so mucb of yonr time with Micbnl and the serfs that you bnvo learned all their boorish habits." Two tiny tears rolled down tho boy's checks as in obcdienco to bin father' orders bo turned about and quitted the rootu, while Ravine darted a strange look of dislike after him. As noon, however, as tho door had closed, the fair woman addressed Katrine. "Well, perhaps you will not bo so unkind to mo as your brother,' " said alio ; 44 como to mo," and as she spoke sbo hold out bor arms. Tho littlo girl camo to her without hesitation, ani bi»gua to smooth the silken tresses which were coiled ami wreathed around Ravine's head. 44 Pretty, protty," she murmured ; 44 beautiful lady." " You sco, Paul Serg-'vitch, tha. your littlo daughter has taken to mo at ouco," remarked IUvinn. 44 Phe has cortainly taken to you in a most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a plcasad sinifo ; " you bavo quite obtatnod possession of her heart. 44 Not yet, whatever I may do Inter on," answerod tho woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grow tirod of hor now acquaintance, and sliding down front her knee, crept from tho room in search of hor prother Alexis. Paul and Ravina roniaincd silent for a fow moments, and then tbo woman broke tho silrnco : " All that romains for me now, Pan! Sergovitob, is to trespass on yonr hospi tality, and to ask you to lond mo some disguieo, and to assist mo to gain tho nearest post-town, which, I think, is VitroBki." 14 And why should you wish to leave this at all 7" demanded Paul, a deep flush rising to his cheek ; "you ore per fectly safe in my house, and if you attempt to leave Kostopchin, you will inovitably fall into tho bonds of tho polico." " And Paul Sergevitob will tell thon whera tboy can find mo ?" questioned Ravina, with an ironical inflootion in tho tone of her voico,; " X never thought — that is — " stam mered tbo man. " No, you never thought that I could road you so plainly," pursued tho woman, pitilessly ; " but it is tho truth that I havo told you, and soonor than remain an inmate of your bouse I would leave it, oven if nil tho pulico of Russia Rtood ready to arrest mo on its very threshold." " Stay, Ravina," exclaimed Paul, as tho woman made a step toward tho door : 44 I do not say whothor your reading of my thoughts is right or wrong, bat before you leavo, listen to me. I tell you plainly tbat frotn tbo first momont that I Bot eyes upon yoa, a strango now feeling has risen up in my heart — not tbo cold thing that sooii'ty calls lovo, but a burning, fststiaSB flood which Hows down liko moltop lava from tho volcano's crator. Stay, Ravina, bo my wifo — you aro safe onongb from all pursuit. here." 44 And does Paul Sergevitch actually mean to offer bis band to a woman , whoso namo ho does not even know, and of whoso feelings toward him ho is entirely ignorant ?" asked tho womao, with hor customary mocking laugh. 41 What do I caro for namo or birth 7" return d ho, hotly ; " I bavo onough for both, aod as for lovo, my passion would soon kindlo ' somo sparks of it in your breast, cold ond frozen as it may uow be." " Lo. mo think a little," said Ravina, and, throwing herself into an arm-chair, dho bu> iod her face in her bauds ami seemed plunged in deep reflection , <( listen," said she, at last; 14 1 havo thought over your proposal seriously, and, upon certain conditions, I will con- sont to bocomo your wife. At tbo pro- sent momont, 1 navo no inclioation for you, but, on tho othor hand, I feol no repugnance for yon. I will remain hero for a month, and daring that time X shall remain in a auito of apartments which you will havo prepared for mo. Every evening I will visit you hero for two hours, and upon your making your self agreeable, my ultimate decision will depend. " And snpposo that doeision should bo an unfavorable ono 7" asked Paal. " Thon," answered Ravina, with a ringing lough, 44 I shall, as you say, leavo .this and tako your heart with mo." . 41 Tbesoarobard conditions," remarked Paal ; 44 why not shorten the time of probation ?" "My conditions aro unalterable," answered Ravina, with a little stamp of tbo foot ; " do you agree to them or not 7" " X have no alternative," answered ho, 8ullonly. The days slipped slowly and wearily away, but Ravina showed no signs of relenting. Every evoning, accordiug to hor bond, she- spent two hours with Paul and inudo herself most agreeable, listen ing to his far-fetched compliments and assoverations of lovo and tonderneRH either with a cold smilo or with onn of hrr Blocking laughs. Sho refused to allow Paul to visit hor in her own apartments, and tho only futrador she permitted there, savo the servants, was littlo Katrina, who had taken a strango fancy to tho fair woman. Alexis, on the contrary, avoided bor as tnnch as bo possibly could, and the pair hardly ever mot. Meanwhile, curious rumours began to bo circulated regarding tbo strange pro ceedings of tlio lady who occupied the saito of apartments which bad formerly belonged to the wifo of tho owner of Kostopchin. The servants declared that the focd sent up, though hacked about and cut up, waB never tasted, but that tho raw most in tho larder was fre quently missing. Strango sounds woro oftrnhcard to issue from tho rooms&s; the panic-stricken serfs hurried past the cor ridor upon which the doors opened and dwellers in tho house wcro frequently disturbed by tbo bowlings of wolves, tho footprints of which wcro distinctly visible tbo noxt morning, at.d, curiously enough, invariobly in the gardens facing tho west hide of tho hon9o in which the lady dwelt. Little Alexis, who found no encouragement to sit with his father was naturally thrown a great deal among the serfs, and heard tho subjeot discussed with many exaggerations. Ono of bis most treasured possessions was an old brass mountol cavalry pistol, a present from Miclml ; this be lind learned to land, and by using both hands to tlio cumbrous weapon, could contrive to firo it off, as many an ill- starred sparrow could attest. With bis mind constantly dwelling upon the terriblo tales bo had so greo lily listened to, this pistol became bis daily com panion, whether he was wondering about tho long, echoing corridors of tho house or wandering through tho neglected shrubberies of tbo garden. For n fortnight matters wont on in this manner, Paul becoming more and more infatuated by tho charins of bin strange guest. To satisfy a whim of bqrs, ho had oven dismissed old Miohal from his oflloo and forbidden hiui to approach tho house. But tho faithful old servant, whoso lovo for tbo children was strongor than ltis fear of punishment, took to wandering by night about tlio exterior of tho great white lioiisa, urged on by samo feeling for which bo could in no wino account. Ono evoning as Miohael was making bis accustomed tnnr of inspection, tho wail of a child struck on bis ear. Ho bent down bis head and eagerly listened ; again bo heard tho same faint sounds, and iu. them ho fancied ho recoguiBed the acconts of little Katrina. Hurrying up to ono of tho ground-floor windows in Ravinn's apartment, from which a dim light streamed, ho pressed his face against tho pane and looked steadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to his bozo. By thb faint light of a shaded lamp, ho saw Katrina stretohed upon ceased, for a shawl bad been tied across her little mouth. Ovor her was bending a hideous shape, which seemed to bo clothod in somo white aud shaggy covering. Katrina lay perfectly motion less, and tbo hands of the figure were cngngod in hastily removing tho gar ments from the child's breast. The task was soon effected ; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and tho hend of tho thing bout closely down to tbo child's bosotn. With a yell of apprehension, tho old man dasfaod in tbo window-frame, and, drawing the crosB from bis breast, sprang boldly into the room. The creature sprang to its foot, and, the white fur-cloak fnllin from its head and shouldors, disclosed tho pallid features of Ravina, a short, broad knifo in bor hand, and hor lips discolored with blood. 44 Vilo sorceress I" cried Miclml, dash ing forward and raising Katrina in bis arms ; 44 what hellish work are you about ?" Ravina's oyes gleamed fiorcoly upon tho old man, who bad interfered between ber and hor prey. Sho raised ber dagger, and was about to spring upon him when sho caught sight or the cross in bis extended hand. With a low ery, she dropped tbo knifo, and staggered back. Miclml paid but littlo bead to ber, for bo was busily engaged in oxatning tbo fainting child, whose bead was resting helplessly on Ids shoulder. Thero was a wound over tho loft breast, from which tho blood was flowing ; but tho injury appeared slight, and not likoly to provo fatal. As aoon as bo had satis fied himself on this point, bo turned to the woman, who was crouching before tho cross as a wild beast shrinks before 44 1 am going to remove tbo child," said bo, slowly; 44 dare to mention a word of what I have dono pr whither the has gon", and I will arouse tho villago. Ho yoa know what will happen thon 7 Why, every peasant in the place will hurry hero with a lighted brand in his hand to consume this accursed houso and tho unnatural dwellers in it. Keep eilenco, ond I leave yon to yonr unhallowed work. I will no longer seek to preserve Paul Sergevitch, who has given himself over to tho powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listened to lum as if she scarcely comprehended bun ; but, n9 tho old man retreated to tbo window with his helpless burden, she followed bitu, step by stop ; and as ho turned to cast on' last glanco at tho shattered window, ho saw tho woman's palo face and blond- stained lips glued against an unbroken pane, with a wild look of unsatiated appetito in her oyes. Next morning, tho bouse of Kostop chin was filled with terror and sur prise, for Katrina, the idol of ber father's heart had disappeared, and no signs of hor could ho discovered. Every effort was mado ; tho woods and fields in tho neighbourhood wcro thoroughly searched, but it was at laBt concluded tbat robbers had carried off the child for tho sako of the ransom that they might bo ablo to extract from tbo father. The day upon which all search hod ceasod, Ravina glided into the room whero she knew that sho would find Paul awaiting hor. Sho was fully an hour before her usual time, and tho Lord of Kostopchin started to hie feet iu sur prise. 44 You are surprised to seo roe," said sho ; " but I have only come to pay you a visit lur u tow uiiiiuiuB, i uui ti/u vincod that you love me, and could I hut relieve a few of the objections that my heart continues to raise I might be you»a." 44 Tell mo what theso scruples are," cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing hor bands iu bis ; " and be 6Uro that 1 will find means to overcome thorn." 44 LinteD," said she, as flbo withdrew her hand; 44 I will take two more hoars, for consideration. By that timo the whole of tbo house of Kostopchin will bo crsdlod in slumber ; thon meet mo at tho old enn-dial near tbo yew-tree, at the buttom of tht gnrdon, and I will give you my reply." 44 But why not como back hero 7" urged ho ; " there is a hard frost to-night, ond " 44 Are you bo cold a lovr," broke in Ravini, with her accustomed laugh, " to (head the changes of tho weather 7 Bot not another word ; I have spoken." Sho glided from the room, but ut tered a low cry cf rogo. Sho almost fell over Alexis in tho corridor. 44 Why is that brat not in bis bed 7" cried she, angrilj. 44 Go to your room, boy," exclaimed bis father, harshly, and tbe child slunk away. Paul Sergevitch paced up and down tbe room for the two Lours that ho had to pans before tho hourof meeting. IXis heart was very heavy, and a vague feel ing of disquietude began to creep over him. Twenty times he had made up bis mind not to keep his appointment, and as often tbo fascinations of the fair woman compelled bint to rescind his resulniion. Now and again bo glanced at tba clook, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck tbo quarter, warned him that ho had but littlo tune to loso if he intended to keep his appointmont. Throwing on a heavily furred cont and pulling a travelling-cap down over, his cars, be opened n sido door and sullied out into tho grounds. The dark sliapo of the yaw tree soon roso up before him, and in anotbot moment bo stood beside its duaky boughs. Tho old gray sun dial stood only a fow paces oft', and by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a wbito, fleecy-looking cloak. It was perfectly motionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerve aud muscle of Paul Scr- gentoh's body. I 4I. Ravina !" said lie, in faltering ac cents. 44 Ravina !" 44 Did you take mo for a ghost?" answered tho fair woman, with hor shrill laugh ; 44 no, no, I havo como to givo you my answer ; aro you anxious about it 7" 44 How can you ask mo each a ques tion 7" roturnod ho ; do not keep mo any longer in suspenso. Is it 'yes,' or 4 no ' 7" "Paul Sorgovitcb," answered tbo strango woman, coming up to him and laying ber bands upon hta shoulders dud fixing hereyesnpon his with that strange expression boforo which ho always quailed ! 44 do you really lovo mo, Paul Sorgovitcb ?" asked she. . 44 Love you 1" roponted tho Lord of Ivostopchin ; 44 bavo I not told you a thousand times how much my whole soul flows out toward you, how I only live and breatho in your presonco, and how death at your foot would bo nioiro 14 Peoplo often talk of death, and yot littlo know how near it i9 to thorn," answerod the fair lady, a grim umito ap pearing upon ber face ; 44 bat tell mo, ao you givo mo your whole heart V "All I bavo is yonra, Ravina" ro turnod Paul ; 44 name, wealth, and tbo devoted lovo of a lifo-timo." "But yonr heart," persisted sbo ; 44 it is your heart that I want ; toll me, Paul, that it is mino and mine only." 4 Yes, my heart is yours, dearest Ravina," answered Paul, endeavouring to ombracB tbo fair form in his im- pasHioned grasp ; but sho glided from him, and thon, with a quick bound, sprang unon him and glared in bis faoo with a took that wab absolutely ap palling. Her oyss gleamed with a Inrid firo, bor lips were drawn back, showing her sharp, white teeth, whilo bor breath came in sharp, qnick gasps. "I am huogry," she murmured, 44 oh, bo hungry ; bot now, Paul Sergevitch, your heart is mino." Her movomcnt was so sudden and unexpected that bo stumbled and foil heavily to tho ground, tlio fair woman clinging to bitu and falling upon his breast. It was then that tho full horror of bis position camo upon Paul Serge vitch, and lie saw his fato cloatiy before him, but a terrible numbness prevonted him from using bis hands to freo him self from tbe hideous ombi-nco which was paralysing his musclos. Tho face that was glaring into his seemed to ho undergoing somo fearful change, aud tho features to bo losing their somblanco of humanity. With a sudden, quick movemont, she toro open his garments, and in another moment she bad perfor ated his left breast with a ghastly wound and torn out his heart. Sho heeded not tho convulsive struggles which agitated ilia dvinp farm of tbo Lord of Kn«tnn- chin, nor a diminative form approaching sheltering itself betiind ercry trco ami bash until it bad arrived within ten paces of the scono of tho terriblo tragedy. Then tho moonbeams glistened upou the long shining barrel of a pistol, which n boy was levelling with both bauds at the murdoross. Quick and sharp rang out tlio report, and with a wild shriek, in which thero was something beast-lilce, Ravina leaped from tho body of tho dead man and staggorod away to a thick clump of bushes somo ten paces distant. Tho boy Alexis had honrd tbe appoint ment that had boon mado, and dogged bis father's footsteps to tbo trysting- placo. After firing the fatal shot, hia courag'i deaerted him, and ho fled hack to th'o houso, uttoring loud Bhrieks foi help. Tho Htartleil servants were soon in tho presence of their slaughtered master, but aid was of no avail, for tho Lord of ICostopchin had passed away. With foar and trembling, the super- stituoiis peasants searched the clump of bushes, And started back in -horror uh they porcoived a bugn wliito wolf, lying stark nnd dead, with a human heart clasped I) 'tween its forcpaws. 