Doveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; OK, La^y Chctwjud s Spectre. By Mrs. Habiuet Lkwis. CHAPTER XIX. THE PLOTTERS ALL BUSY. " Its all up for to-night," Ragec muttered in her Hindoo tongue. "I mast bide my lime, and watch my chance. It will come soon, if 1 am ready. The pale-faced young girl with her baby-face shall not crowd out my young mistress from her rightful position as Lady of Chetwynd. I will destroy her as I would an insect." She shook her hand in fierce menacing at the object of her hatred, and then, growing mindful of her own safety, and not wishing to risk an encounter with Gilbert Monk, she darted down the outside staircase, and was away in the shadow of the trees slmost with the rapidity of thought. She concealed herself in a secure position at a little distance, at a point commanding a -view of the door of the chalet. Herescape was immediately discovered, -and Monk said: " You are safe now with me, Bernice. Ka ■gee has hurried home, I am positive. She would not dare risk a meeting with me. \ou are pale and worn out. Let me take you from this place as soon as possible. Flack has been staying in the neighborhood since he brought me the news of yonr departure from Mawr Castle, and I found him in the edge of the park as I went back to the house. I sent him to Chetwynd-by Sea for a carriage and he will drive you over to Eastbourne directly. He is to be in waiting at the lower gate of the park, nearest the village Here are your clothes. It would be welUo lay aside those wet garments as soon as possible. Bernice assented, and Monk went outside the chalet and closed the door. YounLady Crctwynd secured it on its inner side" a«'ain barricaded the door at the foot of the stair and changed her wet garments for dry ones as rapidly as the swollen and painful state of her sprained wrist would allow. She was soon warmly clothed. She rolled np her damp garments and packed them into her travelling br.g. Her white silk robe, which had so ably served in her appearance ss a spectr?, was quite dry. She examined it carefully. It had been gathered up about her waist when she had fallen into the lake and was not torn nor damaged. She rolled up the robe and thrust it into her travelling-bag. S?;c was attired in her bronze grey cashmere robe and jacket, and r,ow rcmaincd to put on her hat. AYinic she was thus completing their attire Monk came in, put out the remaining fire' scattering the embers on the hearthf and extinguished the light of the lantern, which he restored to the closet from which he had •withdrawn it. Tisen he arranged the furni ture which Bernice bad piled up in the form of a barricade, in its usual order, and con ducted young Lady Chetwynd out of the ^chalet. They halted outside while he locked the •door, and Bernice then placed her arm in •Lis, and they moved on among the shadows keeping a vigilant and appreh. nsive lock out around them. They wound along the narrow and dusky paths, avoiding the wider moonlight avenues, and once or twice thev halted at some rustic srat. that tternice might rest. But at last they approached the lower end of the park, and the small gave leading out uoou the open high way. ° " I always carry a key to this pate," said Monk, producing the key in question from bis pocket. "I generally cross the park when I go to the village. Here we are, and the fly as waiting." Flack was on the box, whip in hand. He raised his hat to the young lady and to his master. Monk assisted Bernice into the vehicle. He hesitated about accompanying her to Eastbourne. He feared lest he should b'> pussed from the L'avk, and he had another task to do on this night—a task which he i dreaded, but deemed necessary to the success of his plans, and even to his own well being. But he dared not run any risk of losing Bernice a«:ain. To place her saftly in the hands of Mrs. Crowl was the first anil most important movement to he made. Upon his safe custody of LUrnicc all his plans hinged. He decidcd, therefore, to accompany her to E stbourne. "To Mrs. Crowl's lodgings, rj-ack," be ordered, in a low voice with a piercin" glance around him. •• And be lively. We've along drive before ua, and I Lave other business on hand to-night." He sprang lightly into the vcLiele and cJ08ed the door. The fly rolled heavily along toe load on its way to Eistbourne by Chetwynd-by-Sca. It was not yet out of sitrbt, when the -withered, dusky, witch-likc face of the old Hindoo woman was pressed against the rspears of the gate, and the bead like eyes glittered as B.gee silently mut tered : *'' To Mrs. Crowl's V A long drive ? He -must be going to Eastbourne. 'To Mrs" Crowl's lodgings ' at Eastbourne, eh 7 I'm going to Eastbourne to-morrow. And lie has other business on hand to-night' What business? I find that he is deeper than I "thought. He'll bear matching. ' 1 11 know what bis • otl er business * is. Missr won't •be tronbled if I am absent all night. She -trusts me. And eo I'll wait to natch bixn. 1 lie *11 be back at this gate by two o clock., and Uli be here, too." - Meanwhile the antiquated fly and. its oc cupants were proceeding swiftly along the road toCChetwynd-by-Sea. They entered Eastbourne after a brisk drive, and Flack drove into the retired street in which Mrs. Growl bad taken lodgiugs. The fly presently' halted jbefore the door of a tbree-stoiied irick house, one of a row o£ similar jouses. " This is the place," said Monk, opening the door of the cariiage and springing out. He assisted Bernice to alight. He helped her up the steps and into the house. Mrs. Crowl received the young marchioness kindly and respectfully, and with a warmth that was very grateful to the giri. The rela tions between the two had been from the first as mistress and servant-, and Mrs. Crowl had played her part so well as never to ex cite the girl's suspicions. Mr?. Growl lead the way up si airs, Dernice and Monk following. The woman ushered them into a pleasant little parlor, where lights and a lire where burning, and drew up an easy-chair before the health. Ucruice sank into the chair, tired and very pale. .. Miss Gwyn has sprained her wrist, said Monk, "You will know how to tn-at the ailment, Mrs- Crowl, without calling; in a physician. To-morrow evening Miss G«"jn will be able to start for Mawr Castle, and you will take the express for London. You will st«p at a quiet hotel in town to-morrow night, and continue your journey the next day. 1 will be iu London also to-morrow evening—going up on the same train with you, in fact, it« make all sure. We wiil meet at llie station. And now good night." lie bsnfc over Bernicc and kissed her. Then he took his leave, and hurried down to the waiting carriage and se' out on his re turn. When the fly arrived upon the hill over looking the village of Ciictwynd-by- Se-a, Monk called to the driver to stop. The order was promptly obevtd. Slunk alighted, and exclaimed: "You can drive on, Flack, and return the fly lo the inu. l'il walk home, and stretch my le^s after this lonsr drive. You need not come'to the Park to- morrow. 1'ay your bill at the inn in the morning, and go to East bourne. You are to take charge of Miss Gwyn and Mrs. Crowl, and hav.i them at the station to-moirow night. I shall go up to London by the same train." He dismissed his confederate by a wave of the hand, and the vehicle passed on in the distance. Monk walked briskly down the hill and into the silent village. He turned into the lonely church yard among the graves, whose tall white headstones screened him from the possible view of any watcher, all hough the moonlight was still brilliant. He crept into the little shaded stone porch, and let himself into the church. It was then about two o'clock in the morning. Jt was past four, and the gray dawn was breaking, when he emerged from the church, ■wearied and worn and pale. Monk went on through the village and as cended the hill beyond. At the lower gate of the l'ark he halted and let himself in, and hurried along the more obscure paths toward the house. The old Hindoo woman had watched and waited for him all these hours. She saw him enter the park, and one glance at him as sured her that his "other business" bad been accomplished. She arose from her crouching position and followed him stealthily homeward. "I've made a failure of it, after all," the old woman muttered. " His business lay in the village. It concerned ray lady in some way. But what was it ? I'd like to know Gilbert Monk's schemes, but they all hinge on that girl. He means to preserve her life ; I mean to destroy it. Which will win I" The kitchen-maids were astir, and old liagee, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no difficulty in slipping into the house unseen, at the servants" entrance. She glided up to the apartments of her mist ress, whom she found sleeping. She passed on to her own room and changed her garments, and fluug herself on her bed, drooping asleep. It was somewhere about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned her. She was a light sleeper, awakening at a sound or touch, and now started up broad awake upon the instant. She folded her turban afresh, and hastened to the bed- chamber of her mis tress. Miss Monk wa3 in bed, her head lying back upon her pillows, a fretful expres sion on her swarthy face. She was an noyed and curious, and she t xc'.aimed petu lantly : • Why did you not sleep in my room last night as usual, lvagce ? Why where you nGt here to undress me ? I kept awake till near morning from sheer terror. 1 cannot he alone, and jou know it." liagee at once told her mistress the story <>f her adventures during the night, Mis3 Mouk listened in breathless eager ness. «' Gilbert is the head and front of this ap parition business,*' said Sylvia at length. ••And yet why snouid he wish to ruin me? Ee rescued her from her tomb. It's all plain to rae now. And he has some object in defending her. Dut what can it be 1 He did not love her." " I can sec into the mystery," said the old Hindoo woman, her dusky face lighting, " The truth is he has discovered who she is. You know. Missy, she did not know her parentage. Gilbert has found out the secret. She is of noble blood ; one can tell that by her haughty >>ir, her patrician beauly, her high breeding. She looks like a princess, at the least-. I can see Gilbert's game now. He means to allow you to marry my iord, and he will then restore my lady to her own friends and relatives, and feather Lis own nest." " But what would then become of me? I should be no wife. I should be set adrift—'' "Yes, M:ssy. But perhaps Mr. Gilbert would not permit thmgs to go so far. Per haps he will not allow you to rcarry my lord. Gilbeit is a selfish fellow and means to look out for himself, and he won't care ■what becomcs of you, I think he brought niy lady here to play ghost. I think he means to exact a trued price from my lord and from Lady Chetywnd's relative?, and then restore her to them a9 one from the dead." _ Miss Monk looked tcrnhed. "What shall we do?" she whispered. " What shall we do, Ilsgee V «' L-ave it all to me. We must not suffer Gdbeit to suspect how much we know of j [ Irs plans. I will outwit, liiro and destroy the girl. Leave it to me, I say. My lady [ is at" Mrs. Growl's lodgincs, at Eastbourne. You must, send me to Eastbourne to-day, Jlis^y, to match some of your embroideries or trimmings, or something." " But he will not keep her at Eastbourne, where she is known. He will take her to London, and conceal her there until lie is ready to disclose the fact that she lives." "Then I'll go to London, too," said the Hindoo, with a resolute gleam in her eyes. " I'll be more that a match for him." Miss Monk put nsidc her chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to " 6teady her nerves." Then she allowed herself to be dressed in her luxuriant Eastern st\ 1c, and at nine o'clock was ready for breakfait. She bade Ragee 1 await her return to her chamber, and descended to the breakfast room. Lord Chetwynd was already there, and Gilbert M ink fallowed her immediately, looking somewhat haggard and wearied. Miss Monk was very amusing, with a forced gaiety, but Chetw>nd was un usually silent and abstracted. Any tiling I can do for you in town, Sylvia ?'' inquired Monk, carelessly, as he received bis second cup of coffee at the hands of the waiter. 11 Have you any commands for jeweller, dressmaker, boot maker of milliner 7 I shall be pleased, to execute any wish you-:may entertain. I am ' igoing up to Loudon to-night." """" Ah, indeed 1" said Miss Monk. " if you will look in at Hpwfcil & James's, and inquire when my opal bracc-lct will be finished, I shall be obliged. Shall you -be gone long/?" " A day or so—possibly a, week. Scotsby & Newman expect me, and business is busi ness, you know." In the early evening, immediately after dinner, Gilbert Monk drove over to East bourne, and to the station. He arrived at the last moment, and was ushered into a first class compartment occupied by two veiled ladies, of whom one was Lady Chet wynd and the other Mre. Crowl. The train had begun to move, when the door of the second-c'ass compartment ad joining was burrie ly opened by the guard, and a bent old woman, with a patntcd white face, gray hair, a frilled cap, and a huge scuttle bonnet, was pushed in, and the door hastily shut upon her. Tlrs old woman was Jlagce, the Hindoo! And thus, environed by her enemies, young Lady Chetwynd journeyed up to London. 