OLD INNS OF ENGLAND. BY WYBERT REEVE. Conchided. The Old Tabard, Southwark, Chaucer's Old Tabard, Shakspeare's Boar's Head, East 'cheap, and the Mermaid, are now names to be remembered only; and so it is, or will be, with such celebrated London inns from whence the coaches started, as the Bell and Crown, the Golden Cross, White Horse Cellar, Gloucestei Coffee-house, and others. I don't know how many are at present ab sorbed in London improvements-nearly all, I suppose. A; ,any rate, at the doors no longer lounge the dandies of George IV.'s time, with cravats half a yard high, long hair, curled hats, whose chief talk was the last new scandal of high life, the half a dozen bottles drank over-night, and the last prize fight., I spoke of kings and queens stopping at inns on the highways and towns of England. So they di4~ Richard III. was staying at an inn when he signed Buckingham's death warrant,, and it- was in the courtyard of the Blue Boar (now the Saracen's Head), at Salis bury, his head was cut off. At thg Crown Inn, Rochester, the much married&Henry; VIII., privately and unknown to her, inspected his wife, Anne of Cleves, before publicly receiving her, and gave his opinion of her to his friends in strong language, of which " a Flanders mare" gives only a mild notion, and for the choice of whom Henry was not long in avenging him self on Cromwell by taking the first oppor tunity of cutting off his head on Tower hill. The Bell, at Stilton, in 1536 stood as it does now, or as it did when I last saw it. Here Queen Elizabeth stopped on her way, and what splendid cavalcades of her time re freshed here too. To this house in a later day came the Ironsides of Cromwell; people flying from the plague in London; king's messengers from the war and the battle of Culloden; then followed the Jacobite prisoners. It was a fine old inn, and a celebrated halting-place on the Great North Road. There it stands, the ghost of its former self; timeworn, neglected, and deserted-looking. I stood and looked up at the windows in passing on: a walking tour from Cambridge, and wondered, if Y was to sleep in one of the old bedrooms, if the shadows of ariy or all the generations of sleepers who had slept there beforeme would visit once more " the glimpses of the moon," and pass in preview. What a motley host, what a wonderful variety of human greatness, human pride, human folly. On entering I could not venture to ask for a bed, the place looked so dirty, decayed, and uninviting. I asked for refreshment. Shade of the past, where be your noble joints now ? Bread and cheese, nothing else; it was the best they had, and bad was the best, which a slatternly, untidy country wench dabbed upon the table without a cloth. I could only make the best, of it, and shut my eyes in the great, cold, cheerless room, and people it in imagination with some of the phantoms of its past glory. It was at the Anchor at Liphook, on the Portsmouth-road, where George the Third and Queen Charlotte took'up their quarters, and there, too, stopped the Duke of Clarence, the Allied Sovereigns who came to England with Blucher, and other great people of 1815 and 1816. There also stayed the Duchess of Oldenburg, the Queen of Spain, and the Queen of Portugal, the Duchess of Kent, and our Queen Victoria when a girl. If ever an inn deserved the name of Royal the Anchor at Liphook did. But to drop royalty and come down to my humble sell My profession took me to Bury St. Edmunds, and I drove to what I had heard was the most comfortable hotel in the town. My wife was with me.. We were re ceived by the landlady, an imposing lady in black silk, and were shown upstairs to a comfortable old-fashioned sitting-room and bedroom. -At dinner the landlord, who looked like a highly respectable bAtler in a nobleman's family, which very likely he had been, brought in the soup, followed by an elderly baldheaded waiter with the plates the latter dressed to perfection, if somewhat antiquated, in black dress coat and trousers, canary-coloured vest, and high white neck cloth. Everything served was of the best- it was winter-and each day a splecdia fire blazed on the hearth. When ',ye left, highly pleased, the landlady, in her black silk, stood at the bottom of the stairs to wish us "good bye," the lancloxd at the door, the yellow vested waiter at the cab (it ought to have been a carriage with posthoys to fill the picture). As we drove away I felt certain that somewhere, or somehow, I had seen that inn before, and its surroundings, "Where and when ?" was the question. All at once it dawned upon me I had seen it in the Piokwic1 Papers, It was the very inn, " The coach rattled through the well-paved streets of a handsome little town of thriving and cleanly appearance, and stopped before a large inn situated in a wide open street nearly facing the old abbey. ' And this,' said Mr. Pickwick, 'is the Angel I' " Why it was only round the corner where Miss Tompkins kept school, and Mr. Pick wick, in his zeal to prevent a scandal, had a leg over the wall, and-landed in the goose berry bushes. It was at the door of this same Angel Mr. Weller stood to receive Mr. Winkle, Mr. Snodgrass, Mr. :Wardle, and Mr. Trundle. It was in the very sitting room we had been using, Mr. Pickwick received the fatal letter which told him of the coming lawsuit, Bardell against Pickwick "Sir,-Having been instructed by Mrs. Martha Bardell to commence an action against you for a breach of promise of mar riage, for which the plaintiff lays her dam ages at fifteen hundred pounds, we beg to inform you that a writ .has been issued against you in this .suit in the Court of Common Pleas, and request to know by re turn 'ofý post the name of your attorney in London who will accept service thereof. We are, sir, your obedient servants, "DosoN and FooG." It was from thence they started on that celebrated shooting excursion, with Mr. Pick wick in a wheelbarrow, through an attack of rheumatism, caught that evening of the de scent into the gooseberry bushes. There, too, he got hiliirious, and was run into the pound by Captain Boldwig- barrow and all. Here they were-and I had lived three days in the house and only thought of them as I drove to the station. If I had only remem bered such old friends before, what joyous companions we should have had in the old inn. "What nonsense," says the matter-of fact reader, "it is all visionary-such men never lived." Yes, unimaginative reader; they lived for me, and will live for centuries in the minds of thousands, for the hand of genius has made them immortal.-Aus tralasian. "A good memory is a blessing," says a writer. And it may be remarked that it is one that wealth cannot buy. J'ust look at the man who becomes suddenly rich. He cannot even remember the faces of his old friends. A country apothecary, not a little dis tinguished for his impudence, in the hope of disconcerning a young clergyman whom he knew to be a man of singular modesty, asl~d him, in the presence of a large com pany, at a public assembly: "Why did the patriarchs of old live to such an extreme age ?" To which the clergyman replied: "I suppose the patriarchs of old took no physic." A Lady consulted St. Francis of Sales on the lawfulness of using rouge. " Why," says he, "some pious men object to it; others see no harm in him. I will hold a middle course, and allow you to use it on one cheek." Dr. Johnson said of bachelors that they act as being under the constant sanse of some known inferiority, that fills their minds with rancour and tongues with eqnsure. They are peevish at home and malevolent abroad. It-is not a living of retreat, but a seclusion from mankind. Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has few pleasures. An American recently read in a paper that the family table should always be the scene of laughter and merriment, and that no meal' should be passed in the moody silence that so often characterizes those occasions. The idea struck him so favourably that when his family was gathered around the table that evening he said : " Now, thiR sort o' thing of keeping so blamed sirnt, at meals has got to stop. You hear me ý You girls, put in an' tell stories, an' keep up agreeable sort o' talk, like; an' you boys, laugh and be jolly, or I'll lake and dust your jackets with a grape-vine till you can't stand. Now begin !' The glare that he sent around the table made-The family as funny as a funeral. Contributor-" What kind of jokes do you prefer 7" Editor-" Leap year jokes." Contributor-" Why ?" Editor-" Because it takes them four years to get round again." 62T 