THE GLOBE-TROTTER. _ Xiettcr Carrying in china- Aoont the moat canons institution in China is the poBtal service. It includes two quite distinct eyatemB,-one fcr tho govern ment officials and the other- far evcrv one 88 J10 of tbe government are """vv, v; mwuuhju .postmen wjui tolerable swutneee. Their carriage and delivery are under tbe direct BoperWeioo of tbe Minister €kin- The People large are not allowed to eend mail by the official carriers. They we obliged to transact all their postal bnsineas through a much slower medium. In every Chinese city there are severed post omees vrhich receive and deliver -in their respective districlsthe mail matter ot the general public.- 33ach guarantees the eate delivery of overytbiog intrusted to its cure, and in naso of loss of valuable papers or goods reimburses the sender without delay. The contents of every package, however, most be exactly declared at the rime cf mailing, as the postage varies with very trivial variations of value. The postmen of this branch of the mail service walk or ride on asses from station to station. With some eighty pounds of "mil matter a postman couers about three miles an hour. The minutevhe arrives at the end of his route he .transfers burden to the shoulders -of another pOBtmao, who, what ever the time of day and whatever the weather, hurries off to deliver it at the next station. To keep himself ready for all emergencies, the Chinese postman never fuddles his wits with over- eating. He always takes very light meals. u Eats himself only ecvec- tentbe full," the Chinese say. . Ho is usually a man of fine physique, ard lees afraid of ghosts, witches, etc., than forty-nine out of every fifty of bis fellow-countrymen. In foot, an applicant for admission to the service is generally subjected to a kind of civil service examination of his courage in withstanding the horrors of supernatural phenomena. If he stands the test without quailing and proves that he has not incurred the enmity o! any spirit bad that might inter fere with him in tbe discharge of his duties, he has taken a long step towards procuring his appointment This singular condition for admission to the service is universally considered to he quite proper, for the average Chinaman is also afraid of spirits and the dark that the slightest noise by th« wayeide at night would cause him to drop whatever he was carrying and dart off like a ebotto the ceareet settlement. An ordinary letter may be sent one hun dred and fifty miles or more for about 3d. Thirty per cent, of the postage is collected in advance from the sender. This amount covers tbe expense of transportation, and is a guarantee against fraud on the part of the sender. Tho other seventy per cent, is col lected from the receiver, and represents the profit of the service. The postmen often carry very valuable The traders intrust to them drafts and silver bullion without hesitation. To protect the most important mails, email guards of soldiers are often used, or troops of fighting civilians are always ready to fight at least a dozen highwaymen. The manner in which they prepare themselves for each uneven combats i3 an elaboration ol a pugilisms training in punching the bag. hrom the roof of the empty shed in which the practice is taken hang on ropes ten heavy sandbags. The m&u; who is learning to he a guard stands in the znidet of these bags, while his instructor on the outside sets them to swinging. The man ajuorg the bags then strikes out right and left with his fiats for tbe purpose of punching the bags away from him. As soon as be learns to keep all 1 tho bags in motion without letting them touch him he is pronounced ready to go on the road to knock out mail robbers. 