Dreaming of the Past Before" the fire the old man sits To- night, aqd dreams of vanished da While o'er his locks of silver flits ' A golden halo f rom the blaze. And m the ruddy flame he sees Dear faces that he used to know, And hears again the birds aud bees Of summers ended long ago. He sees a meadow green with spring, And April violets in tbe grass, And hears a bluebird caroling \- High overheads warm winds pis? The sky is bright with -springtime gold ' 1 The earth is full of promises ; Theorehard's folded blossoms hold The apples of the Hesperides. A maiden's hand beholds in his, ' And tells the story of his love, And tails it with a lover b kiss, The red rose of her mouth above. He reads hex answer in |ier eyes, Like violets', after April rain, And through his being swiftly flies A bliss that is akin to pain. The scene is changed. Sweet bridal bells Come ringing down the years to him, And while their music einlfs and swells The old man's eyes with tears grow dim " To love and cherish," sing the bells, ' ' Till death shall part, till death shall part 1 The echo dies in lonsome knells ' ' In e npty chambers of his heart. O wondrous 'artist of the flame ! He sees a mother roclring there The baby with it's father's name, And with its mother's eyes and hair. He hears her singing, sweet and low, A cradle song, replete with rest, While watchingj as so long ago, The baby sleeping on her brest. Then o'er the scene a shadow falls . The child they loved so much is missed. He does not answer to their calls, Or come at bedtime to be kissed. But when they kneel at night to pray, Peace comes in answer to their prayer And Heaven seems not so far away " Because the child they loved is there. And tben the shadow of her grave Falls over him from long ago " O truest heart God ever gave," The old man cries, " I loved you so !" He sees her in so many things — The spring-time blossoms bring her back And every April robin sings 1 Of what his lonely fife must lack. Again, in long, still summer days, He elimlas the hill to talk with her ; And in their gentle, wordless ways, The fioweers are her interpreter. By that low grave, when earth grow dim, What things are asked, what answers given And, as of old, it seems to ltini The hilltop almost touches heaven. The fire-light's flickering flame dies low J The old man wakens with a start, And back into the shadows go The ghosts that haunt his" lonely heart. What witchcraft lurks in memdry, And sways us by its subtle power— This man of four-score years and three, Has lived & lifetime in on hour ! 