LITTLE FOLK. The Old Man's Watch. Mischief waa in little Tom's eye— mischief in his hand. wherever he went something happened. The cream was spilt in the pastry, the jelly jars overset, mamma's vases broken, grandpa's caps tied upon old Carlo's head and tin pans to the cat's tail. The prettiest flowers were torn up by the roots, the only rose plucked. The morning paper made into a kite and valuables generally demolished or ruined. Yet Tom was the pet of the house, and was never scolded for his worst tricks and capers. If it had been, perhaps that which came to pass at last would never have occurred. Per- haps old Grandpa Orchard, going into his room one day, would not hove found, his wonderful watch— costly, elegant and pre- cious as a keepsake— being nearly picked to pieces by master Tom. That was too much to bear. Tom's cars were ? to begin with, and he declared? that ? happened Tom must be punished at? "I suppose he ? Tom's mother, who had been Bunny Orchard before her marriage, but venerated both her father and his watch. ''But we can't whip the boy." ''No,'' said papa. "Some other means must be devised." "Shut him in a closet,'' said grandpa. "Oh !'' cried ma. Then acquiescing — ''I suppose it must be done, poor child.'' And Tom was shut in a dark closet. Now, a sound whipping would have done the child good. But Tom was a supersti- tious child, and dreaded the. dark most woe- fully. The ghost he had always expected to see came to him probably in that murky closet, for at the end of an hour he was taken out in a fit, caused by his terror. it was a terrible time for that little house- hold. Tom was put to bed and a doctor sent for. Grandfather Orchard shut himself up in his room and wept, and his daughter almost : a-.ul-i ?him. For his sake she had punished Tom, and this was the end. Alas? worse was to come. The little head never lifted from the pillow. It was certain to have happened sometime, the doctor said. The child could not have lived to grow up, but was dying. In a week he was dead, and the mother and father in their self reproach heaped double re- proaches? on the old man, who bore them all in Silence.? All the reproaches were of no avail, however. Tbe little creature lay in his : i\ Siu?, and - G.randfather Orchard was to leave his daughter's home on the day of the funeral. It was midnight. The mother sat alone in the room with her dead, child. It was not very light? and the curtains of the window drapped? over her. To one entering the room would have seemed empty. Some one did enter on tip-toe. The weeping woman did look? It was her father. His face was wet with tears. In his hand he carried some- thing, glittering in the feeble rays of the lamp on the mantel. He bent overthe coffin. "Grandpa's Tommy!" 'he moaned with his feeble old voice. "Oh, my pretty child! My pretty murdered child ! I'll be the next— I'll be the next, I hope! But I never thought to ? This sight!" Then he seemed to move the little form — to be busy about it somehow? The mother stepped forward and looked * r-^eent ' . ? - The old man had lifted up the head of the dear? child, and beneath the little lace- trimmed pillow was hiding away his watch. The watch now in order again, as before the child's fingers had been busy with it. The ? thing of value the poor old man posessed The mother saw and was softened. She came closer to the old man and called him by the familiar name: "Father— dear father I'' Then she laid upon his breasts weeping and the two were reconciled. But she made no effort to prevent the ac- complishment of the old man's' wish, and the watch, which had been the cause of the child's death, if any earthly thing were actually the cause of it, was buried with him. 