CAEDINAL MANNING. (By W. T. Stead, rs 'The Review of Bjsviews.') OUVKB CEOMWBLL. It will probably surprise most people when I say that the first conversation I ever had with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiefly be cause of thi eulogy which he pronounced on the character of Cromwell. I am an Iudepen dent, and the son of an Independent, and I am proud to belong to a denomination which can boast the Lord Protector as iteHero-Saiflt. His portrait, painted on an oak panel of die seven Tecnin cenrury, iooes aown'upon'meirom me walls of my new sanctum '; and his day of ' double victory and death' (3rd September) ranks with 30th January as- one of the Ted letter days of my yew. In the course of along and interesting conversation the name of Oliver was mentioned. I eiiid I supposed he was in scant favour with a Roman Cardinal. ' You arc mistaken,' said he : ' you are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. I put that entirely on ouc side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, but as a Moslem. But, looking at him apart from that Irish expedi tion. I have always regarded Oliver Cromwell as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Im perial destinies of England abroad imd such passionate concern for the welfare of tlie com mon people at home.' As it is much more to me to be in agreement with any one about Cromwell than to agree about the dogma of infallibility, an Anglican friend, to whom I re peated the remark, sneered as he replied , ' ' How I admire the wily Cardinal, and how well he knew bis bird.' 'OLIVZK CBOJIWELI, IS XOT DEAD.' Cardinal Manning never ' puts on side.'* There are those who say that in dealing with men of his own faith he is more of the Prince of the Church than he is with those who are of other communions. But so far as I have seen him he has always been the same — genial and hospitable. I have seen him at all hours between 10 and 10, and never founi him dis turbed by my intrusion. Possibly if people called upon him merely for gossip he might be .different. I have usually gone on business of one kind or another, and have:«Iways- found him mostapproachaUe, full of kindly courtesy .and helpful counsel. Speaking one day of ids position in!3nglandto,a -visitor from. Borne Hie. Cardinal explained that the Catholic Chnrch was held in all honour and treated with all re spect In this Protestant country. He drew quite -an . ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, and said : ' My priests are a very de voted body of men, but so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I sometimes think that we are even too well thought of in England. But,' said he, afterwards, 'I always remind them that our Chnrch in Eng land is respected because it respects tie rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim 'to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demattd any privilege which was not possessed by anyone else, what a storm there would be! Never forget,' said he, 'that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. Ho iswily slcei-iog, and atany moment he may wake up.' NONCOXFOESnSTS ASB lXOtlClXE. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many tunes, was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone could be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain in the world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it nas pronounced judgment from time to tune, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to the Cardinal the Nonconformists arc nearer the Catholic Church than the Angli cans ; and of the Nonconformists the nearest are the Quakers. The Quakers, he has fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost 'They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All j that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of Goi' He was particu larly pleased at my recognition of the Quaker like character of the service of the Catholic Church. The morning Mass is a Quakers* meeting plus a genuflecting celebrant, whose presence you need not even notice if yon close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in ovneral I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. He quoted with approve 1 the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some one lightly predict the coming downfall of England, re marked — ' If you knew England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integritv which will enable England to pass safely' through crises which have overwhelmed other empires.' HIS LOVE FOE CHILDEEN. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. Whenhe speaks of the home as the sacred foundation of society, he differs from the normal priest, who by the conditions of his calling is homeless and wife lese. CaruindllaDniughaB been married He has had a home. Hie is, therefore, not cut off as byaziabyss from tile lives of otner men. His love for children is with him an abiding pas sion, and it is this which constitutes the dose tie of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigable director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been bo extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh that the Cardin.il nnfclisfecu] ' Tin m,;u .-,-?*£„ English Savage' — that terrible paper which first roneed the conscience of ourpeople to their duties to the outcast child. It was through the Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her in tention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society ; and in the Cardinal Mr. Wanehhas found from first to last an energetic and in valuable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Many have been the speculations as to fee figure which the Cardinal will make in historv. Some have pictured him as the tribune of tie poor, others as an incipient HHdebrand, others as a nineteenth- century Loyola, butl prefer to ? ' wi uuu (bo due luiw.uearietl Olu man who, wben his heart is filled with ecstacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in the name of Him. who said, '* Suffer the little children to come unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven.' Ef 1SS5. During the fame of the agitation that led to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in 18S5 the Cardinal was my most effective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strength and unfailing help in every time of need. It was he who suggested the Mansion-house Committee, on which he subse quently served, and he covered me as with a shield by his generous aud his unstinted sup port I remember at an early stage in the pro ceedings I remarked with a smile that I ought ind mvself in irnnl Tv-fnn- f Via nrm-L- «-»» jA»A He remarked—' Well, if so, I will come and see you there.' He was not well enough that dis mal and foggy winter to come to Hofloway, nor was there any need, for the imprisonment which had anticipated was of a very different kind to that which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the work was done, when no one understood what was aimed at, might have been run in and punished as if I lad actually committed the crime I was seek ing to expose. After the Criminal Law Amend ment ace was passed, the subsequent trial and imprisonment did not count The only purpose which they served was to immeasurably in crease the impression produced by the original revelations, and force one out of an anonymity which until then hadljeen so strictly guarded hat my name was hardly known to anyone beyond my family and professional circle. Cer tainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me us miirfi good in every direction as the process bv which it was sought to crush me. But it was a trying time while it lasted, aid the Cardinal stood by me through it all in face -i a storm 01 obloquy which would lave daunted most men. I look back upon that year with boundless gratitude to the in numerable friendB, most of them before nn 310 wn, who supported ms with a zeal and en thusiasm which I was far from deserving. And among my Catholic supporters there was none so staunch and true as uie Cardinal. The first hitter which I received in Coldbath Fields prison, which was given me at a time when I was forbidden to! receive any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth havinsr soneto caol tn mvaca ' November 11, 1885. ' My Dear Mr. Stead,—' All things work ogether for good to them that love God.' You have served Him with a single eye. And the work has been done ob you wrote on the sen tence. No sentence can undo it. You quoted my words in the North. You have now the crown upon your work, that is to suffer for errors of judgment and a literal breach of the law which left the moral life of England almost without defence. I have so strongly felt this and have so clearly seen through the animosities against you that I believe what has «ow befallen will work some unforeseen and greater good for your consolation. Whatsoever it may be in my power to do shall be done. ay God give you His peace.— Believe me, always yours very faithfully, Hexey E., Card. Archbp.' Nobly did he fulfil his promise. Never have I appealed to him from that time to this to help me in any work in which we were of one mind that I did not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. AX niTEEIAi, ENGLISHMAN. When Mr. Cecil Bhodes was last in London I we had Borne talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire and believed in England, and were capable of taking wide views. In my list of those who answered to that description I put the Cardinal at the top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all th« years that I have known him there' has never been an effort made to strengthen EDgkmd abroad or to protect herat home that lie has not been in the forefront Whether it has been the strengthening the navy, the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the develop ment of the volunteers, the cheapening of post-v age over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count npon the Cardinal. In one respect undoubtedly Bod a hag' a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a wide outlook. It famiiarises them with the conception of the world as a whole, which delivers them from parocl lansin. You see this in any Irish pnest who was educated abroad ; yon feel it at every turn in the Archbishop's palace. But although the Cardinal corresponds every week in Latin. French, and Italian, he only think' in English. Ho combines the spirit of a Palmeiston with the philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles with both a tenderness and patience and kindly sympathy for the like of which I look in vain amons other men. KXETEn-ltAUi TS A EED HAT. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Ireland aud the rights of the subject races. He is a Home Uuler to tlie heart's core. No man that I know, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to him always the Isle of the Saints. At the Vatican Couucil the Irish bishops seem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he ex^ cuses them on the ground of the oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their oira, or rather are due to the Catholic Chnrch, which counts the chil- ' dren of St. Patrick as its missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was being vehe mently abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand by his side and identify himself with his Iris'j brother. For Archbishop Crokehehas always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although he is strong for Home Eule he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dis memDerment ot me Imperial parliament that was contemplated when 'in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter- hall under a cardinal's hat Whether it is for the abolition of shivery, the suppression of the slave bade, the prevention of .the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are his sympathies limited to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from me to pry into the mysteries of .the Curia; hut it is an open secret that Cardinal Manning, together with -iirdinal Gibbous, has spared no effort to convince the Vatican that lie day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. THE CHEISHAN SOCIALIST. The Social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the re moval of their temptations — all questions re lating to the amelioration of their lot— are con stantly with him. He is in hot revoit against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, aud he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that ' a starving man has a natural right to his neigh bour's bread. So strict is' this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of pro jwrty.' They mu6t know little of life, he is constantly reminding us, ' who »lo not know what ruin of men and women conies from the straits of poverty.' There is an admirable article in the third volume of bis ' Miscella nies' which is entitled ' A Pleading for the Worthless,' which is imbued with the spirit of Him who came to seek and to save those who are lost Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dnrJrors' (strike — nf which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory — he only did on a wider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scale. 