CHAPTER X7H. RAG EE AND HER VICTIM. V The bustle of a great preparation prevaded Chetwynd Park. The- announcement of li'iid Cbitwyhd's betrothal to Sylvia Monk had been publicly made, and had appeared in the K istbourne local newspapers, and in the London fashionable journals. The mar lingo was to take place the third week in June, and it was now ; the first week in April. Miss Monk liad an insatiate and ungovern able love of luxury. She drew liberally upon Lord Cbetwynd's pnrae. She intended.that her bridal outfit should rival that of the Prince's Louise. Despite her indolent nature, she never tired of trying on new garments, jewels and shawls, and her morn ings were all spent in her/ dressing-room among her dressmakers and her fineries.' She tried to feel secure in her good fortune. Her betrothal had been made public, and what could happen to again break off their marriage ? . Ah 1 what ? She knew that Bernice Chetwynd lived, and the fear was never absent* from her guilty soul lest Bernice should reveal herself to Chetwynd, and claim her old place in his heart and home. By day. and by night a haunting dread possr9sed her. This was telling on her. How was she to endure it for three months ? Why did not Bernice come forward ? Why did she hide herself, no one knew where, like a guilty person 1 Sylvia tormented herself with these questions^ but could not answer them. " , Gilbert Monk stayed on at the Park, secretly searching for Bernice, and was inexpressibly anxious and troubled. If Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were fully oc cupied, Lord Chetwynd was not less 60. His occupation was of the most practical description. He was busy with the memorial school which was to perpetuate the name of .Bernice. He interested himself in this project as he bad interested himself in nothing since he had lost his young wi fe. He thought of her con tinually. His project seemed to bring hini nearer to her. One eveningrafter dinner. Lord Chetwynd walked over to the bailiff's villa, intent upon some new amplification of his favorite idea of the school, and old Rage'e stalked silent ly afar off in the shadows, and watched, in fear and trembling, to see if Bernice would not appear. * Chetwynd spent the evening in his bailiff's office, discussing business. It was after ten o'clock when he took his leave and set out upon his return home by a private path traversing the park. . The moon hiit risen in mellow glory, and its "soft light lay in broad streams -upon the wide avenues, fn the narrower pathB the light flickered down in tremulous showers though the lifts in the trees. The stars were glowing softly in the blue azure of the heavens. Such a light as this Lord Chet wynd bad known in St. Kilda. Here, as there, the waves beat in the distance on the rocks like pulses, and Chetwynd could almost fancy that Bernice was with him. " How this night brings her back to me 1" he thought, in his angnish of desolation. .' Ob, to'see her as I saw her upon that first evening of my. retumhome from my wander ings'! Oh, Bernice ! Bernice! Whether it be an illusion of my senses or. a.,veritable apparition, come back - to me once more ! Only once more let me behold the sweet vision of my lost young wife I", ^ I Was the longing intense enough to bring I its own fulfilment? In tlio broad sheen of the moonlight, a few yards in advance of him, at a point where 8. wide avenue crossed the narrow path which Lord Chetwynd was treading, I he saw a slender figure in white, lier face turned to him, her arms outstretched to ward him. He halted spell-bound. She seemed a vision too ethereal for human ity. lie believed, then, as he bad not bt | lieved. before, in spite of his lack of snper [' stition and his contempt for the stories of su pernatural, and he was looking upona disem bodied spirit ! He believed that be beheld Bernice, but Bernice freed from all mortal incumbrance, assLe bad come back to him,. from her home i J heaven. He did not reason-he only felt. She WAS dressed in the white silk robe in which he had consigned her to the tomb. It trailed after'he? on the ground. Her neck was bare, £he\ lace frills of her Pompadour corsage rising round it like foam. Her long dusky hair trailed over her shou!de-a like a cloud. He could even Bee every feature of her radiant beauty in the soft sheen of the moonlight. Her face. had a mournful, yearning look that went to his soul. ' - He dared not advance lest, she shou id fade from bis si^ht. And so he stood entranced, scarcely daring to breath, devouring her with his eyes.- / The rencontre, so dramatic and sensa tional, bad not been planned by Bernice. She was as much surprised as Chetwynd, and she was also spell bound. She had spent all these days since her last appearance to him in a lonely garret above the very attics in the uuused tower I of the great house of Chetwynd Park. In this secluded and hidden retreat, of which Monk had never even thought, ? Bcrnicc i livsd her strange, desolate, mournful exist-! ence. She had carried up to her retreat a ] store of blankets, which she had managed i to secure from the rooms below.' She had j also brought with her from Mawr Castle changes .of garments; enough for all her needs. In her dingy garret she ivore her gray travelling robes and a long waterproof cloak, preserving her white silk gown un stated. She brought hither also Btorea'of -food from the pantry, larder and store room, and ha-1 procured several- bottles of wine from the butler's pantry iu the mgbt. - - -;>i Her object in thus remaining on at. the Park she did not know herself. She only felt that o'he could not go. She was bound by an oath, which she was too religious not to hold sacred, not to reveal the fact that she lived to her. husbanf, except with Gil- ] bert Monk's consent. He had refused that consent; and, indeed, she would not now have asked for it. She had no wish to re turn from the grave unwelcomed. She believed that all mourning for her was past, .that her place was filled, and that she was forgotten. "She would not return to claim a place in which another had been installed. She only wished tbat she had died. She h.nl bornc the closeness and dingmess of her garret until a longing had come over her to inhale again the fresh air, and to .walk in the park. She; was weak from I want of cxercisc, and on this night had I robed herself in her white burial robe, as a I matter" of precaution against detection, and ' bad thrown about.her her black cloak, and had stolen out into the park unseen by any j of the inmates of the house." - Arrived in the ! park,'and finding the air mild, she-had flung j aside her cloak, and was carrying it on her arm..: " If Chetwynd s sensation at beholding J her , was one of rapture, hers was one. of I terror. She trembled in her fear of dis-' cover*;. They regarded, each other for some .moments in a strange silence. Cuet wynd's breath, came heavy and pant- j jogljv ? His eyea were wild and start ing. Suddenly, vwithout a word or cry, he leaped .forward And ran toward her headlong.' _ Bernice retreated, before- him in instiuc tive flight. . " / ' Hcvpursued. She could almost hear; his frenzied breathing. He camd on with a swiftsrush, as if he- meant to seize her whether she were human or spirit. . She turned into the widcavenue and fled like a deer. Slie would not be taken. ??'?Turn ing into an obscure path near at band, she caught up her dress and flung around her ] her black,cloak. Then she halted behind a tree, concealing herself. ( Chetwynd went by along the path swiftly, in a blind pinsuit. He had lost Bight of the glorious vision, but he prayed to see it again-only once again. . ' Bernice listened until, the sound of his tread ibad died away in the distance. She was panting and frightened, wild-eyed and trembling. Sbe crepc forth from her con cea'ment and entered the park again. She did not glance behind her, else "she would have seen the tall, shadowy figure cf the old East Indian woman stalkihg silently on the dark border of the path. But Ragee saw lier and knew her. And suddenly,"as Bernice stole along the lonely path-Chet wynd far beyond , hearibg-the old woman launched herself forward in a swift panther spring, and hurled herself upon Bernice, bearing her to the earth in the violence of her onslaught. " I've got you at last, have I ?" hissed the witch-like old woman, holding the girl in her iron grip. " And now, if you please, we'll come to a settlement." _ The suddenness of the old^East Indian woman's attack upon ber for an instant paralysed the young Marchioness of Chet wynd, but she did not faint nor shriek. The moment. her brief stupefaction, began to clear away, she turned upon her assailant, fighting like a little tigress. She was in a panic of mortal terror, and she struck out blindly, with All the energy of an utter des peration'. She speedily discovered that she was but aa a child in the iron grasp of h?r assailant. Ragee's muscles were of steel. A desperate fury- animated the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage, also, not having relaxed her first hold on Bernice, and the girl pant ing and breathless, wild-eyed and trembling stood still at last, and looked over her shoulder at her enemy with a wild and hor rified gaze. "Who ia it?" Bernice whispered, pant* ing. " It is I-old Bagee," hissed the Hindoo woman in the girl's ears. T<he 'expression in Bernice's eyes deepened into amazement and terror. She made another yain effort to free herself. Then she whispered : " What id? yon want of me? What is the meaning of this assault ?" «' Perhaps you think I don't know you," said the Hindoo woman, tauntingly.- '-It was I who dragged the shawl from your shoulders that night in the great house. I knew you," and her tones grew fierce and hateful. " I know you, my lady. You were supposed to have died ; you lay in state in, your burial robes for six dajs; you were buried in the Chetwynd vault. And yet here you are alive I It is you, and none -cither I It is you, and not a* ghost I It is you in the flesh, alive, strong, well. How happens this, that you live who have been mourned as dead ?" The fierce, vindictive yoice failed to kindle a spark of anger in Bernice's breast. Her berat throbbed with a keen -pain. She was bewildered, dizzy, and still trembling. She did not answer. " Speak I" cried the Hindoo woman, shak ing her. " Do you deny that you are the Marchioness of Chetwynd ?" Bernice's oath prevented her declaring ber identity. Not tven to old Eagee could she eonfess herself the Marchioness .of CiietWynn. "Speak !" reiterated the^ old woman. " Speak, or I will drag you 'up to the great house, and into my lord's presence." "No, no," cried Bernice. "I will not go there I What do you want of me?" "You acknowledge that'you are Lady Chetwynd (7'o be Continued.) 