THE LATE MR. JOHN THOMPSON. " Pendragon's" Reminiscences. In the number of the Referee to hand by the latest English mail "Pendragon" thus discourses on the late Mr. John Thomp son: — Tho news of the death of Mr. Jock Thomp- son, of Sydney, N.S.W., must liavo come as a shock to many who remember that young and genial giant when, getting oil for 10 years ago, ho was with Trickett, the sculler, on tho upper half of the world's sur face. It was not my fortune to be a personal friend of Thompson's at that time, as I could never see that Trickett had the ghost of a chance with Hanlan as Hnnlan then was, and as I said so in duo course it . pleased J. T. to regard nic as a personal enemy. Something ho said in tho heat of Ids irritation found its way to this office, and wus doubtless magni fied considerably, with tho result that I rubbed it in thicker than ever for Trickett, and allowed 'how, upon paper, it was not con ceivable that the long Antipodean could beat tho comparatively little man from Toronto. What Trickett did about r.lie same timo to a small roportor from a London paper which didn't claro to defend its representative turned mo more than previously against him ; feeling in the Australian breast was so acute as the day of the race approached that when the final deposit wns being made, and at the moment when weight of money for Trickett made liim favorite, Jack Thompson referred tome as one who had a strong personal feeling against his side, spoke about violently as saulting mo, and concluded with the remark that if ever I wont to Sydney my life wouldn't he worth a sixpence purchase. Afterwards Thompson admitted that what I said never exceeded the bounds of honest criticism, and that, read by the light of subsequent evonts, it was all fair and above board ; but, lie explained, as I was the only writer who gave a decided opinion about the match, and as that opinion was most unsparing in its opposition to his prospects, he thought, not knowing me at the time, that I was actuated by pri vate enmity for Trickett, or private parti sanship . for Hanlan, or both combined. Also lie added that in Australia if a stranger had at a public gathering spoken as lie spoke against tho editor of any paper out there, what he said would certainly not liave been allowed to pass un challenged! A remark this, which showed his innocence of the chivahy supposed to abound among up- river rowing men, as- well as their love of fuir and im partial 'criticism — whieli they do love, in deed, when it is so fair and so impartial as to be entirely in their favor. Also, it must not be forgotton, as an argument on their behalf,' that .Thompson came hero with the reputation (which while here lie proved to be well founded) of being a tremendous bruiser. Well, when the race eatne to be rowed it wns shown that my judgment was correct, and that Trickett had not the ghost of a ohnnco with Hanlan beyond tho first half-mile or so. It is hardly worth while going into particulars after so many years have passed, but I should like to say that in this ease, as in many others whore I have been similarly accused, there was not the smallest atom of private fooling about what' I wrote ; I merely wished my followers to be on the winning side, and, as is my custom, said what I thought in words which left no opportunity for after the event dispute as to their meaning. If I had had any feeling for either of these men, re garded as men, and not, us they had then to be regarded, entirely us scullers, it would have been in favor of Trickett. Though in his best day I had an unbounded admiration for Hnnlan while he was at work in bis boat, it was not possible to think of him as anything but a noodle, and a poor, weak noodle at that, when lie was ashore and was no longer engaged in the occupation -A hich seemed to have swallowed up tho complete whole of his mental and physical faculties. Trickett was, from the human-being point of view, a long way in front of this ; it was bccauso Hanlan thought of nothing, dreamt ot nothing, spoke of nothing beyond sculling, that, while youth and health remained to him. he was such a veritable wonder. Five or six years rolled on. Trickett and Hanlan rowed again witli the same result as before. In the interim Layeoek, trying to avenge ins colleague, wus beaten in a most ignominious manner. Also, between whiles, our own best ctiorts to raiso up a champion against Hanlan had met with what is scarcely . expressed by the words com plete failure. Hanlan finding nobody in Englaud or the States who eared or dared to oppose him went to Australia, and obtained the lesson which seems ill store for everybody who goes there on con quest bent; he had to endure an awful succession of thrashings. And in due course, among all tiicsc and other changes, I found myself wandering in search of health and a new constitution down among Australian latitudes. I well remember being at Roschill races on tho first Saturday of our sojourn in New South Wales, and there seeing Thompson and one of his brothers (one not known in England) engaged in the calm and peaceful pursuit of bookumking, or list- keeping, or whutevcr it is best called — lie and his brother were betting nguinst the runners. I say calm and peaceful advisedly : on tho courses down under no such hideouB outcry is permissible as splits one's car directly tho numbers go up at Sundown or Newmarket, Ascot, or Goodwood. Having heard front several people, both in this country and Australia, that Jack Thompson was a royal good follow and never bore malice, I asked the gentleman who was showing us around (himself an eminent racing official and horse-owner, Mr. W. Gannon) if he would mind in the lull between a couple of races going over to the betting-place and telling Thompson I had arrived in Sydney, and was waiting to be settled as promised — that, in short,. I was actually there on the ground at Roschill. Whatever Thompson's kindest and most enthusiastic friends had said about him was home out to the letter. He came at once over to where I was, professed the best of goodwill — ho afterwards proved this was no more profession — and allowed in every way his uugcrncs3 to do whatsoever lay in his power to make my stay iu Sydney and neighborhood a time to look back upon with fondness aud pleasure. Uiftil to-day I have had no other feelings in thinking of Sydney ; the lustre of recollec tion was sadly dimmed when I read the telegram which contained tho news of my good and kind friend's unexpected (and pre sumably sudden) departure. Jack Thomp son was not an Australian by birth, but ho partook largely of what is, I should like to suy here, an undoubted Australian charac teristic, intense hospitality aud desire to do ull that cau be douc for visitors from, and representatives of, the unnatural old parent. It must be something in the air of the colonics that brings this about. Aus tralians, who while in Australia are so warm in their treatment of English people, must at times feel more than a bit chilled when they arrive here and find out for the first time tho difference between the travelling Englishman and tiic Englishman who lias travelled. At tho timo of our visit to Sydney in 1880 sporting folk were in the thick of what looked to mo like a big boom in boxing. When we left England tho present fast- fading dementia had not so much as shown its premonitory symptoms. Tho new style of authority had not then assumed tho greatness which fits him so hadly — the lion's skin in which to the critical oy« ho looks so eminently ridiculous. Therefore, it was that boxing in London during the winter of 1885-0 having been run on tho old lines — there bcingvery little of it, and what there was being subject to suppression at the act of any police-constable who otiose to think boxing wicked— I wob considerably im pressed by the openly announced and ad vertised glove-fights' of Sydney for money prizes. At the head of all the shows that were given nominally - by Larry Foley stood Jack Thompson. . It . was at Larry Foley's, and under the superin tendence ot Thompson, that black Jack son had the set-to with another nigger already described by me. Who could then (though it still wants some months of four years) have foreseen the spread of the boxing epidemic in England, the wild and even insane acts said epidemic bos led to, and the tremendous importance which lay hid in the future for black Jocky, at the time of my visit to Sydney a mere waster and lie- about? .< . Besides tho boxing, 'Jack Thompson took a deep interest in tho sprint: handicaps at Botany, which are conducted on the Sheffield principle, and on which more money can be lost and won than is now possible in the Yorkshire town of blades and grime and hills, admittedly tho headquarters of Eng lish pedestriamsm. Judging by the way in which some of our best sprinters fared when they went to New South Wales, it is likely that speed is at Botany as much in front of Sheffield as are all the business arrange ments, und they are in front of Sheffield a very long way. Just as it is with the bush' ness arrangements of foot-racing in Aus tralia, so it is with the arrangements which make horse-racing out there so very different from what it is here. There is no park or other enclosed ground in- England, even though wo select the very best of them, which 'comes within a measurable distance ? of Australia, so far as the comfort arid con- \enience of visitors are concerned. Togo racing in Australia is really to go out for pleasure ; that is perhaps why the class who aro most persistent in staying away from racing hero are there most in evidence. In England nobody thinks of going racing— except to one or two Cockney outings— unless he is a great ' swell or a regular pro fessional, a thief or a busker. In Australia racing is the pastime of the entire well-to-do classes. In America it is the same as iu Australia ; witli just this difference, that tho Australians are thoroughly at homo on tlie course, and know the ins and outs of everything that is happening, whilo the Americans are all abroad and know nothing about anything. And so itmiiglit be here — so far as attendance go, I mean; as to our general knowledge, or want of it, ns com pared with natives of other countries I would rather not give an opinion — and so it might he here, were it not for the short sightedness and incapacity of the powers that in England are allowed to misgovern and make a hash of racing. The last time I saw Jack Thompson was on board tho steamer that carried us from Sydney to San Francisco. He, with a lot of other good fellows, came down the harbor to hid us good-bye. As I well remember, lie brought me a pretty little Bouvenir of our stay in his village. More than this, lie sought out tho captain (who is quite a crackpot about boxing, and who hiul, therefore, a great admiration for Thompson), and committed us to his Bpecial care and consideration. Poor old fellow — Thompson I mean ; not tho captain, who turned out to be a waster of the first (or rather the worst) water — it was only the other day I was looking at tho portrait of him I -brought from tho anti podes, and wondering "whether when 1 saw saw him again I would he hero or in Aus tralia. And now he, the strong and sturdy, and healthy-looking and athletic, and, ab'-ve all things, the good-natured and genJr'hs is dead ; und no man who really knevt'. him can help being saddened by the informtltiWi. Jack Thompson's two brothers, Joe „nd Barney, arc, aud have been for some little time, living in England.' The news itifast have come as a great shock to them. In their sorrow they have tho sympathy and'' respect of all real good sportsmen. 