HUNTING IN CENTRAL ASIA. When Mr. Thomas William Atkinson, whose travels in Siberia, Mongolia, the Kirghis steppes, and other regions of Cen tral Asia have been so,.delightfully de scribed in his v'j^riental'~Jand: Western Siberia," Was parsing through Kirgliis,. he came one day, with his -travelling com- | panions, upon the .enca3npment>:of the Sultan, of Baspasihan. By this potentate they were hospitably received and wel corned into his dwelling; lie was a strong, ■ ruddy-faced man, dressed in a black velvet kalat, edged with sable, and wore a deep crimson shawl round his waist; on his head was a red cloth conical cap, trimmed with fox skin, with an owl's feather hang ing from the top, showing his descent from Genhis Khan. A Bokharian carpet had been spread, on which he seated Mr. Atkinson, and then sat down opposite. The traveller invited him to a seat beside him, which evidently gave satisfaction. In a few minutes two boys entered bring ing in tea and fruit. They were dressed in striped silk kalats, with fox-skin caps on their' heads and green shawls round their waists. They were his two sons. The Sultan was out on a visit to the " a-ul" of another Sultan, two days' journey distant. The " yurt" was a large one, with silk curtains hanging on one side covering the sleeping-place—bed it was not. Near to this stood a " bearcoot" (a large black eagle) and a falcon chained to their perches; and it was observed tbat every person entering the yurt kept a respectful distance from the feathered monarch. On the opposite side were three kids and two lambs secured in a small pen. There was a pile of boxes and Bokharian carpets behind, and between the visitors and the door sat eight or ten Kirgliis watching their proceedings with great interest. Outside the door were a group of women, with their small black eyes fixed intently on the stranger. Next followed a trial of the visitors' pistols. Having declined the offer of a kid for a target, Mr. Atkinson took a leaf from his sketch-book, made a mark in the centre, and then, turning round at fifteen paces, sent a bullet through it. The Sultan and his friend thought this a trick, and a wooden bowl was fetched, which, being placed on a stick, Mr. Atkinson sent a bullet through. The holes were examined with great care, one man clapping the bowl on his head to see where the hole would be marked on his forehead. The tribe being a robber one in repute, the lesson was not thrown away. Then fol lowed a Tartar feast and a hunting party. " On looking round," says Mr. Atkinson, " I noticed that a set of daring fellows had been watching my movements, also that the fatted sheep had been killed, and that the repast would soon be given. Two brawny cooks were skimming the steam ing cauldron, and other preparations were in progress, while numbers of men, women, and children were seated around waiting for the feast. As a Kirghis banquet is, for any European, an extraordinary event, I shall endeavour to describe one at which I was the guest of the Sultan of-Baspasihan. The party were far too numerous to he ac commodated in his 'yurt.' A Bokharian carpetwasspreadoutside,onwhichlieplaced me, taking his seat near. A small space in front of the Sultan was left clear, and around these the men seated themselves in circles— the elder, or more distinguished members of the tribe, nearest his person—there were more than fifty men, women, and children assembled in front of their huts. The boys sat behind the men; the women and girls occupied the last place, excepting the dogs, who were standing at a short distance, apparently as much interested as the rest. When all were seated, two men came into the inner circle, each having, a cast-iron vessel shaped something like a coffee-pot. One approached the Sultan, the other my self, andpoured warm waterupon ourhands; but each person must provide his own towel. This ceremony was performed for every man, from the Sultan to the herds man. The women and the girls were left to do it for themselves. The ablutions having been performed, the cooks brought in the smoking vessels piled up with heaps of boiled mutton. One was placed between the Sultan and myself filled with mutton and boiled rice. Each man drew his knife from its skeath, dispensing entirely with plates. The signal having been given to fall to, many hands were speedily dipped into the other trays. The Kirghis who sat nearest the trays selected the things he liked best, and, after eating a part, handed it to the man sitting behind him; when again di minished, this was passed to a third, then to the boys, and having run the gauntlet of all the'Ie hands and mouths, the hones nearly every particle of food. Finally, when these poor creatures have gnawed till nothing is left on the hone, it is tossed to the dog. "While the dinner was progressing I ob served three little naked urchins creeping up towards oui1 bowl from behind the Sultan, whose attention was- directed to wards the circles in front. Their little eyes anxiously watched his movements, and when sufficiently near, their hands clutched a piece of mutton from the tray. They then retreated in the same stealthy manner behind a heap of voilocks and devoured the spoiL I saw this repeated two or three times and was higlily amused by their cunning." The Sultan proposed to accompany Mr. Atkinson to another "a-ul" of his own, nearly a day's journey distant. They were" also to have a hunt with the bearcoote, that he might see their sport. The gun powder and the lead which he had given to the Sultan's men had brought this about. His majesty was also desirous of seeing a boar-hunt, and witnessing the effect of European rifles on the bristly animal. Soon after daybreak they were all up and making preparations for departure. Horses were standing ready saddled, and everything indicated a busy scene. " I saw two Kirghis occupied with the bearcoote and the falcon. Having finished our morning meal, horses were brought for the sultan and myself. I was to be mounted too, on one of bis best steeds—a fine dark grey stood champing my English hit, which lie did not appear to relish. All my party were mounted on the Sultan's horses; ours had been sent on to the ' a-ul' with a party of his people and three of my Kalmucks. When mounted I had time to examine the party. The Sultan and his two sons rode beautiful animals. The eldest boy carried the falcon, which was to fly at the feathered game. A well mounted Kirgliis held the bearcoote, chained to a perch, which was secured into a socket on his saddle. The eagle had shackles and a hood, and was perfectly quiet; he was under the charge of two men. Near to the Sultan were his three hunters with their rifles, and around us were a band of about twenty Kirghis in their bright-coloured kalats; more than half the number were armed with battle-axes. Taking us alto gether we were a wild- looking group, whom most people would rather behold from a distance than come in contact with. " We began our march, going nearly due east. A ride of about two hours brought us to the bank of a stagnant river fringed with reeds and bushes, where the Sultan expected tbat we should find game. We had not rid den far when we discovered traces of the wild boar—large plots having been recently ploughed up; this gave us hopes of sport; our rifles were unslung and we spread out our party to beat the ground. " We had not gone far when several large deer rushed past a jutting point of the reeds and bounded over the plain about three hundred yards from us. In an instant the bearcoote was unhooded and his shackles removed, when be sprung from his perch and soared high into the air. I watched him as cend as he wheeled round, and was under the impression that he had not seen the animals; but in this I was mistaken. He bad now risen to a considerable height and seemed to poise himself for about a minute, after this he gave two or three flaps with liis wings and swooped off in a straight line towards liis prey. I could not perceive that his wings moved, but he went at a fearful speed. There was a shout and away went bis keepers at full gallop, followed by many others. I gave my horse bis head and a touch of the whip; in a few minutes he carried me to the front and I was riding neck and neck with one of the keepers. When we were about two hundred yards off the bearcoote struck bis prey. The deer gave a bound forward and fell. The bear coote had struck one talon into bis neck and the other into his back, and with his beak was tearing out the animal's liver. The Kirghis sprang from liis horse, slipped the hood over the eagle's bead, and the shackles upon bis legs and removed him from his prey without difficulty. The keeper mounted liis horse, his assistant placed the bearcoote on bis perch, and lie was ready for another flight. No dogs are taken out when hunting with the eagle; they Tfoulcl be destroyed to ft certainty; indeed the Kirghis assert that he -will attack and kill the wolf. Foxes are hunted in this way and many are killed. The wild goat and lesser kinds of deer are also taken in great numbers. We had not gone far before ahetor of small antelopes were seen feeding onthe.plain.; Again the "bird soared up in circjesus before—this time I thought to a grater elevation—and again made the fatal •swoop at his intended victim, and the animal was dead before we reached him. The bearcoote is unerring in liis flight, unless the animal can escape into holes in the rocks, and the fox does sometimes, death is his certain doom. "Our horses were now put into a gallop, and in a short time we were sitting m the bultan s yurt, when kumis was handed round in large bowls. I acknowledged a preference for tea which was soon prepared; but as the Kirghis sat watching me drink it, I was convinced they thought me a com plete barbarian and pitied my want of taste. Presently smoking platters of mut ton were brought in, and, judging by the quantity, speedily consumed, indeed my impression was that it would be difficult to find hunters with better appetites. It was just dark when this meal was ended, and in a short time all were sleeping soundly." " Just as the day dawned 1 turned out to examine our position, when I discovered the snowy peaks of the Syan-shan. They appeared cold and ghost-like against the clear blue sky; presently they were tipped with the sun's rays, and shone forth like rubies. I sat on the ground, watching the changes with much interest, till the whole laud scape was lighted up. Immediately near me was_a busy scene. On one side the men were milking the.mares to the number of more than one hundred, and carrying the leathern pails of milk to the kumis- bag in the yurt; the young foals being secured in two long lines to pegs driven into the ground. In front, and on the opposite side, the women were milking cows, sheep, and goats, and at a little distance beyond these the camels were suckling their young. Around the a-ul the steppe was filled with animal life. The Sultan told me that there were more than two thousand horses, half the number of cows and oxen, two hundred and eighty camels, and more than six thousand sheep and goats. The screams of the camels, the bellowing of the bulls, the neighing of the horses, and the bleating of the sheep and goats formed a pastoral chorus such as I had never heard in Europe." A rapid ride over a grassy steppe, and across a river bed, along a road of stones as if macadamised, led to the a-ul of another Kirghis chief, where the travellers spent a hospitable night, and in the morning re sumed their journey over a sandy waste on •which grew a fertile crop of tarantulas. The ground was quite covered with them, and as the party rode along many of these venomous insects were killed by their horses. " It was," he says, " curious to see them in their little dens, and I dismounted to _ make their nearer acquaintance. I quickly came upon a large web, indicating a manufacturer on a great scale. I drew my long knife and touched it, when out he rushed, fixed his fangs on the steel for a moment, and then retreated into liis hole. When the Kirghis observed me begin to dig him out, they were afraid that I should he bitten, but I took especial care to keep my fingers beyond his reach. I rolled him out of the sand, and again lie sprung at the blade, evidently much enraged at being disturbed. His body was dark brown and black, and Very ugly. Leaving him to seek or dig another dwelling, I mounted my horse and left this venomous spot. The Kirghis have a great dread of these little insects, hut the sheep eat them with im punity and relish." After riding until two o'clock, the Kir ghis escort halted to make a dinner of smoked horseflesh, which they all ate with great relish, Mr. Atkinson dining on broiled mutton and a few glasses of tea. They spent a night on the steppes, camping out and supped off pheasants. The wonder of the next day was some curious ridges of red granite, rising abruptly from the plain seven or eight hundred feet. They were broken into very rugged and picturesque shapes, and stood out on these vast steppes like ruined castles of colossal dimensions. The tribes of Central Asia fear to pass many of these places, and invest them with superstitions horrors. One ridge, passed by the party this day, was more like the ruins of some vast city than a mountain; there were isolated pillars—huge masses, like the broken shafts of columns; walls rising up to a great elevation, pierced with large circular apertures, ana enormous blocks heaped around,, forming a complete chaos. Mr. Atkinson proposed to stop and -exninre this wonderful scene, hut the Kir ghis stood aghast; and when they saw him sketch it they looked as if they expected tor see Shaitan and his legions threaten them from the mighty walls. 