FOB DUTY'S SAKE — A STORY OF THE BRAVE DAYS OF OLD. CHAPTER VIII. TREASON. Continued. While the good religious were finishing their preparations, a cart drawn by two good horses and loaded with sheaves of hay was going up the hill towards the castle. The man who was driving it was one Giles Redhead, the greatest reprobate in the parish. The Baron had sent him away several times from off his domains, but he always returned again under his parent's protection ; for they were good cimnlA npnnlft and hoDed to correct their prodigal son by dint' of indul gence. The drawbridge was down, and the sentinels recognizing Giles, allowed him to pass without question. "Oh! So you are back again, are you Giles? said Dick. "Is it for good this time ?" " Oh yes, certainly," answered Giles. " But stop a minute. My sheaves are coming undone. I must tie them up again." So saying he stopped his cart in the middle of the bridge. " Pass on," said Dick. " The Baron has ordered that the drawbridge be up before the setting of the sun. Forward" cried he, whipping the horses. But quick as lightning, Giles cut the ropes, and while the horses l u n pnnrf. vn.rrl "f.li A clJLUIIC. CUUOICU U1AO vwuiw . sheaves of wheat fell in a pile on the bridge and exposed to view ten or twelve armed men, who jumped out of the waggon, threw themselves on the sentinels and quickly overpowered them. " Treason, treason," cried the men- at-arms and the peasants who were assembled in the court yard.' " Ganneville, to the rescue !" cried the assailants, and the aombat com menced very unfavourably .for the vassals of Brix, most of whom were unarmed and paralysed with surprise, whilst on the other hand they had. to deal with determined banditti who were well armed and whose number increased every minute, for the bridge was so encumbered it was impossible to raise it, and the passage therefore was left open for the whole troop of soldiers who had been hiding ever since morning in the forest, and who now poured into the castle yard one after another, so that in less than ten minutes the defenders of the castle wounded and vanquished were all, even women and children, cast headlong into the lower dungeons. Nicholas de Burgo was up in the tower with his grand-daughter. Hear ing the outcry he came down quickly to ascertain the cause. Arriving in the yard he found himself face to face with Hugh of Ganneville who, need less of his presence, gave orders to his men to close the drawbridge. "The castle, is ours,' cried he. Miserable wretch," thundered the Baron, " what have you dared to say ?" nugn turned on mm with a sneer. " Truly, Sir Baron, you have noth ing to do but .quietly leave this castle as soon as you can, and obey the Queen's orders. Your rebel children await you in the harbour of Barfieur, where their vessel is still at anchor. I will at once order your horses to be saddled." " Not before you have fought with me," cried Nicholas. " Have a care !" Then drawing his sword he thrust at his enemy furiously. But Hugh was young, and active, and alert. He sprang quickly to one side, thus escaping a blow which would have broken his skull. He threw him self on the old man, seized his wrist and disarmed him. At the sight of his sword in his opponent's hands, the Baron stood immovable for a few min utes, then staggered. Pauline ran to save him, but he dragged her down with him in his fall, even as the mighty oak, when struck down by the storm, carries with it in its ruin the weak ivy which clings to its branches. Mary hastened to the old knight's assistance, but it was too late. Pauline covered his face with kisses and tears, begging of him in vain to speak to her. He breathed his last where he had fallen. Hugh of Ganneville was for a moment struck with conster nation. He soon recovered himself however and gave orders that the inanimate body of the Baron should be placed upon his state bed. Whilst the servants of the Castle were acquitting themselves of their sad task, watched in stricken silence by Pauline and Mary, it was announced to Ganneville that the Baron's steward, James, had arrived with the monks from the Valley. Knowing nothing of what had happened, they were waiting to be admitted into the castle. Hugh strode up to the battlements. The twilight scarcely permitted him to distinguish anything. James how ever recognised him and uttered a shout of despair. "Great Heaven, what has happened? Do I see you here Master Hugh ?" "Yes, it is I, the master of the castle," answered Ganneville. " Your baron will depart at once with his daughter and the women and children of his vassals. I have taken possession of this1 fortress in the name of the "King of France," " Master Hugh," said Dom Benoit, " you are playing a bold game, I warn you. The Queen does not like her ordess to be transgressed. "Go say your prayers, Sir Monk, and prepare yourself to chant the Vespers for the Dead." "The Vespers for the Dead ?" said James. "And for whom pray ? "You shall soon know," answered Hugh, leaving the battlements. The religious and the steward waited with anxious hearts. It was a dark night. They could see lights coming and going in the castle, and could hear the noise of the clashing of arms, groans, orders given in a loud voice, and the even strokes of a hammer. At length the drawbridge was lowered. The door of the castle yard was thrown open and by the light of the torches they could see, coming out of the castle, six men-at-arms carrying a stretcher on which lay the gigantic body of Baron Nicholas de Burgo, covered with mourning drapery. Pauline followed the body. She was closely veiled and leaned on her foster sister. Then . came a crowd of women, leading or carrying their children. All were weeping. Hugh stood at the threshold with drawn sword. He saluted the dead Baron as he was carried past him and watched the procession that followed. A peasant had tried to Dass out with the women. " Stay here," ordered Hugh. " The men shall not leave here, until they have helped in dismantling the castle. Woe to whoever resists. Draw up the bridge." "Listen to me first, Hugh of Ganneville,," said Paulino, retracing lxer steps and putting aside with a majestic wave of the hand the women who surrounded her. " ifou have acted like a disloyal and recreant knight. I am only a weak orphan girl and have none here to avenge me. But my knight will return. In the name of William du Hommet I defy you on the field, with the lance or the sword in the presence of the King of France. God protect the right. Here is my glove." And from her delicate hand she threw this token of combat on the bridge. A murmur of pity and admiration arose from the assembled crowd. Hugh ground his teeth. "You use hard words, Miss de Burgo," said he. " But I will not take up your glove. Your champion is dead in Palestine, and I am not afraid of ghosts." " Dead ! Oh my God !" repeated Pauline, and fell swooning. The bridge was raised and Pauline's servants carried her to the presbytery where she scent the nisrht, whilst the body of the Baron was watched in the Church by the monks and James. The poor peasant women and children returned to their homes weeping and lamenting over the great sorrow that had fallen upon them. CHAPTER IX. At early dawn next day, James harnessed the mule to Dom Benoit's little chaise, and made it comfortable by spreading a carpet in it, which he borrowed from the church. He then begged Miss de Burgo to get into this rustic carriage. "I am going to take you to the Valley" said he. " The Revd. Fathers will take care of our good Baron and place him in the crypt until we can give him a comfortable burial. Let us therefore leave here, Miss, as we can do nothing at present and we are too near the Castle." Pauline gazed at him vacantly as if she did not understand what he meant. He took her hand gently, made her rise, and assisted her to the carriage. She made no resistance and was per fectly peaceful. " I don't know what is the matter with Miss Pauline" said Mary, when she had gone out of the room. " She has never spoken a word since she came here. To be continued. —null in — wimm— — am 