THE GOLDEN BOWL. And Fred Monckton's handsome face 'Was sad and full of sympathy as he asked the question. 'She? Which of them?' asked Wal. singham, coolly. 'C Crrie, of course; the other has no care but for herself and her lapdog.' 'I did not see Miss Carew,' was the re ply, ' she is keeping her room ; ill in bed, I was told.' 'Poor girl, it will almost break her heart; and yet it was almost to be ex pected ; he was over seventy, an age when we all expect the sun we see rise to be our last. But I wanted to ask you some thing, Walsingham. You won't take it for impertinent curiosity, because I have a personal motive for asking, which you may easily guess. Are you engaged to be married to Miss Carew?' Almost before he knew what he had said, Philip Walsingham answered: 'No, I am not !' 'Thanks,' returned Monckton, with a flash of triumph in his face, ' I knew you would tell me frankly. I never like to in trude on another man's preserves. Good morning 1' And so saying he turned away, and in a few seconds was out.of Walsingham's sight. ' What an idiot I have been !' muttered the young baronet when he found himself alone. 'Ispoke without thinking, What business was it of his ? Wants her him self. Bah! Carrie Carew will never be Fled Monckton's wife, the heir to a Brum magem peerage, whose grandfather was a nail maker, and whose father married his sister's governess; the shades of the Carews would almost rise up to forbid such a union !' And then he remembered the far greater stain that it was supposed one of. Carews had brought upon the woman who loved him, and he rode back to Walsing ham Towers depressed and melancholy. And at Clovelly Court, with its late owner lying in state on the canopied bed, and his daughter almost delirious with grief, Hilda Kempson, the murderess, was triumphant. 'I did that piece of acting splendidly 1' she was saying to herself, as she regarded her own reflection in the glass, and pushed back her abundant black hair from her heated forehead. ' On the stage I should make a fortune,' she continued, 'but I should have to work for that, and this is almost ready to my hand, with little more than the pleasure of spending it. I am sorry for Carrie, of course. Sir Philip will never marry me, I think that is quite certain, and I may make up my mind to it, but neither will he marry Carrie, I saw that in his face too; he is a mean cad ! thinking of his stainless name, and yet doing such dirty deeds that.a respectable costermonger might be ashamed of. It must have been almost settled between themr yesterday, and now be will back out of it. I would do much tokeep them apart, but the great danger is past ! My uncle can make no will now, and if he was married, I do not believe any proof re mains. After all, I would not have been selfish; let me have Clovelly, and Carrie might have had Sir Philip, if he had been man enough to wed her, but he never will ! Never !' Poor Carrie ! little does she dream of the terrible trials that are before her ! CHAPTER VII. AN odd story was being whispered. in the servant's ball at Clovelly Court; a story which, taken in connection with the dead body of its late master lying- in the stateliness of death in that gorgeous chamber above, was, to say the least of it, uncanny. Bill Stacy had seen a ghost l Not a white ghost, dressed in a winding-sheet like an orthodox visitant from another world, but a black one, which emerged, according to his story, out of the window of Sir John Carew's study at half-past'nine or thereabouts, just at the time of his death, and as the light shone upon the ghost it melted away like so much smoke and disappeared. Such was Bill's story, and of the truth of it he had no doubt. Gradually as he watched this phenomenon his hair took an upward tendency and stood upright, his face become palid, great beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead, his eyes stared until they seemed as though they would leave their sockets; for a few seconds his feet seemed rooted to the spot on which he stood, until terror over mastering every other consideration, he rushed headlong and speechless into the servants hall, where as a rule, he was only admitted on sufferance, and stood jabber ing incoherently, and as Mrs. Winstay, the housekeeper, who happened to walk in at the time, declared, 'like an idiot.' Bill found the use of his tongue at last, but his story was received with incredulity and a sneer. He had seen something that frightened him, no doubt, but that he mtght easily do, his courage and nerves not being esteemed as of the highest order, but as for a ghost, that was re diculous, and a black ghost, too l Mrs. Winstay's sharp observations, and the butler's opinion that Bill was a fool, for the time smothered the question, and though one or two romantic young kitchenmaids would have liked to enter tain it they were silenced fatr the time being by the condemnation of their superiors. The discovery of Sir John cold and dead in his study a couple of hours later roused the superstitious feeling that Bill's story had excited into something like awe. 'Could it have .been the baronet's ghost that had been seen walking out of the window ?' the housemaids asked, and they nestled up closer to the tall footmen, who were big enough, at any rate, to afford them protection. But other circumstances more sus picious than ghostly soon cropped up. Carrie. Carew's remarks about her father not having drunk the wine struck Garston at well as Dr. Bristol, and the question as to what had become of it could be easily guessed at, otherwise how could that black pool that had oozed through the coal box on to the floor b accounted for. At this point the butler and house keeper determined to keep their own counsel until thiey considered it time to speak, and not a hint of the suspictons, that were hourly growing stronger, of foul play, from some quarter or other, reached Hilda Kempson. Dr;. Beard, the family physician, who had always been called in to attend Sir John or Carrie when anything ailed them, was sent for early in the morning and was met by Mrs. \Winstay, who told him she wanted him to see Miss Carew first, and then come to her room to talk with her. ' Yes, certainly,' was the reply. The old gentlerrman looked over hIris spectacles at the housekeeper's still good lackiang, if not hlandsome face. 'T "stE COrNTIUDv. 