THOMAS GHOST'S EXAMINATION. Mr. Williamson. You are an inmate of the Macquarie-street Asylum : I am now an in- mate of the George-street Asylum. Yon were an inmate of the Macquarie- street Asylum from the 27th March, 1883, to the 15th August, 1888 ? Yes. And subsequently from the 22nd August, 1888, until the 11th December, 1888 ? Yes. During the time that you were in in the Macquarie-street Asylum, did you ever hold any of these situations:— In 1885, third cook; 1886, third cook ; 1887, in charge of reading- room; 1888 in charge of reading-room ; 1888, deputy in No. 4 hospital ; June, 1888, gateman ; July, 1888, soil-heap man ;— did you ever occupy those positions? I cannot remember those dates. I have been gateman, deputy wardsman in the hospital ward below, and at- tendant in the yard. Mr. Grahame. You have not been cook? No. Mr-. Williamson. Or in charge of the reading- room? No. I suppose you know your own signature? Yes. Did you ever work outside the institution? No. Do you recollect doing certain private cook- ing for Mrs. Cunynghame or work in the house? Yes. During the time that you were doing that private work in Mrs. Cunynghame's house, did you ever work outside the institution ? No. While you were doing work for Mrs. Cunyng- hame in the house, were you doing other work for the institution ? No, I think not. Mr. Kidd. You belonged to the institution even if you did do some work in the house? Ycs ; I was an inmate of the institution the whole time. Mr. Williamson. And do you recollect whether while you were attending to Mrs. Cunyng- hame's private business you were paid ? Yes. And did you sign the pay- sheet ? Yes. Mr. Bourke. And you received the money ? Yes. Mr. Williamson? You are sure that no other work was done at the institution except that of cleaning and attending to the place? Taking the meals down and fetching up things. Mr. Kidd. You would do anything you were asked ? Yes, anything that I could do for any- body. Mr. Bourke. Did you have much to do in Mrs. Cunynghame's house while you were working there? Sometimes I would work there all day. And sometimes you worked in other parts of the institution ? Yes. And while you were in Mrs. Cunynghame's house, did you not generally help to wash up and attend to the kitchen? Yes; I was at- tendant there for a while — attendant for some months. During the five or six years that you were in the institution, did you ever experience any un- kindness from Mrs. Cunynghame? No. Was she kind to you? Yes. Did you ever see her show any unkindness to anyone else in the institution ? No ; I have seen more the other way. Mr Williamson. Did you know of any un- kiuduess or cruelty going on in the institu- tion? No. 