BEATRICE. By Rider Haggard, Author of ' King Solomon's Mines,' 'She,' ' Allan Quartermain ' 'Mr Meeson's Will,' ' Cleopatra, 'fyc. Chapter XI. — (Continued) BEATRICE MAKES AN APPOINTMENT. , Lady Hanouti leaned back in tbe cob, and siglioj a sigh of satisfaction. ?' That is 11 copilul idea,' she snid. 'I was wondering what arrangements ?yon could make for tho noxt throe \rceks. It is ridiculous lo pay throe guineas a week for rooms jnst for you and Effie. The old gentleman only wants that for board and ludgiug to getbor, for I asked liiui.' ? I daresay it will d- soid Geoffrey. if When are we to shift ?' ' \ 'To-morrow, in lime for dinner, or rather supper, these barbarians eat supper, you know. I go by the morn ing train, yon see, so as to reach Gnrsington by tea-time. I daresay yon will find it rather dull, but you like being dull. The old clergyman is a low stamp of man, and a bore, and as for tho eldest daughter, Eliza beth, she's too awful — aho reminds me of a rat. But Beatrice is handsome enough, though I think her horrid too. You'll have to console yourself with her, and I daresay you will suit each other.' . ' Why do you think her horrid, Honoria 1' ' Oh, I don't know, she's clever and odd, aud I bote odd women. Why can't they be like other people? Think of her being strong enough to bbvb your life like that too. She must have the muscle of an Amazon — it's down right unwomanly. But there's no doubt abont her beanty. She is as nearly perfect as any girl I over 6aw, thongh too independent looking. If one only had a daughter like that, how one might marry her. I wouldn't look at anything nnder twenty thousand a year. She is too good for that lumber ing Welsh squire she's engaged to — the man who lives in the Castle — though they say he is fairly ticb.' ' Engaged,' 6aid Geoftrey, ' How do you know that she's engaged ?' ' Ob, I don't know it at all, but I suppose she is. If she isn't, she soon will be, for a girl in that position is Qot likely to throw snch a chance away. At any rate, he is head over ears in Iovo with her. I saw that last night. Ho Was hanging about for honrs in the rain, ontside tho door, with a faco like & ghost, till he knew whether she was dead or alive, and he's been there twice to inquire this morning. Mr Granger told me. But she's too good for him from a business poiut of view. She might matry anybody, if only bIio were put in the way of it.' Somehow, Geoffrey's lively interest in Beatrice sensibly declined on the the receipt of this intelligence. Of course it wiis nothing to him: indeed he was glad to hear that she waB in the way of such a comfortable settle ment, but it is unfortunately a foot that one cannot be quite as much in terested in a young- and lovely lady who is the potential property of a ' lumbering Welsh Fquire, ' as in one who belongs lo herself. The old Aduin still survives in most men, however right thinking they may be, and this is one of - its methods of self asser'ioa. Well,' he said, '* I am'glnd to hear she is in pueli a good way, sho deserves it.. I think tho Welsh squire in luckj Miss Granger is a remarkable woman ' 'Too remarkable by half.' said Lady Honoria drily, ?' Here we are, and there is Effie, skippiug about as a wild thing as usual. I think that child is rtementud.' On the following morning — it was Pridey — Lady Honoria, accompanied by Anne, departed in the very best of tempers. For the next three weeks at any rate, she would bo freo from the galling associations of straightened means — free to enjoy tho luxury and refined comfort to which had been ac customed, and for which her soul yearned with a fierce longing that would bo incomprehensible to folk of a simpler mind. Everybody has his or her ideal heaven, if only one could fathom it. Bomo wonld choose a sublimated intellectual leisure, made happy by all the best literatuio of all the planets; some a model state (with \- themselves ' os presidents), in which the. latest radical notions could ac tually (through their bonefioent efforts) bo got to work to everybody's satisfac tion; others n happy bunting ground, where the gamo enjoyed the fnn as much as they did; and bo on, ad infini tum, . Lady Honoria was oven more modest. Give her a woll appointed town end country house, a few powdered footmen, plenty of damages, and other needful things, including of course tho entree to tho upper celestial ten, and she .woold ask no more from age to age, Let tis'hopo that sho will get it one uay.-. It woulrf hurt nnbndy, and she IS sure to find plenty of people 0f her own way of thinking — that is, if this world supplies tho raw material. Sbe embraced wilh enihu^insni, and her l.nsband with a chasteued warmth, and went, a npintm prayer upon her lips thnt sl.p mkrht novor set eyes ? upon Bryngelly again I' will noi be necessary for us lo follow Ludy Honorin in her travels. That afternoon Effi.. a'id hei f the had' great fnn. They packed up. Genffrev Who was rapidly r-eov. ring from his sliffnesB, pushed' hi« lliings into the porluiiinti' aiH nri I jumped rm lhem. Tit ? e whinh w--iilH not go in Ihey i,„n ti l loukt il like tin old clnthpB shop ?Then, us thorn wns no room left* for them inside, tlicy vj i - : It - tl down to the Vio reuf hy til,. hei'..-li, a dislr.neo ,,f aimot :1ii. .-|!1i:i!it o'' .1 mile, - to:-, : .: or. tli. tr w.u to a.lnw U„. Iiomii ' il'ul j cn-'lf, n, P rn..r ,,f nllich Owen ? X)uviC3 livcti j I 'Oh, daddy,' said the child, ' I wish you wou!d bny a house liko that for you and mo to live in. Why don't I yon, daddy?' ' Have'nt got the money dear,' ho answorod. ' Will you nvor havo the money, dnddj?'' ' I don't know, dear, perhaps one day — when I am to old to enjoy it,' he addod to him-elf. | ' It would take o great man? pennies [ to bny a house lik'o that, wouldn't it, daddy?' suid Effie sagely, ' Yes, dear, more than you can count, *' he answered, and the conversa tion dropped. Presently they came to a boat-ebed, placed opposite tbe villoge nnd close to high-water mark. Here u man, it was old Edward, was engaged in mending n canoe. Geoffrey glanced at it ond saw ihut it was the itidentical ennoo out of which ho bad'so nearly been drowned. 'Look, liffie,' soid be, 'that is the boat out of which I waB upset,' Effie opened her wide eyes, arid stared at the ' frail crafl. 'It is a horrid boat,' she said ?' I don't want to look at it.' ' You're quite right, little miss.' said old Edward, tonohing his oap. ' It ain't safe, and somebody will be drowned out of it ono of theso days. I wish it had gone to the bottom, I do; but Miss Beatrice, sho is that fool hardy thore ain't no doing nothing wilh her.' 'I fancy that sho has learnt a lesson,' said Geoffrey. 'May be, may be,' grumbled the old man, '? but women folk are hard to teach; they never learn nothing till it's too late, they don't, und then when they've been and done it they re sorry, but what's the good o' thai?' Meanwhile another conversation wos iu progress not more than a quarter of a mile away. On tbo brow of the cliff stood the village of Bryngelly, and at tbo back of tho village was a school a plain white-washed building, roofed with stone, wbicb, though amply suf ficient and mitnble to the wants of the place, was little short of an abomina. tion in the eyes of Her Majesty's lardh school inspectors, who from time to time descended upon Bryn gelly for purposes of examination and fault-finding. They yearned to see a stately red brick edifice, with all .he lotest improvements, erected at tho ex pense Jof the ratepayers, bn- as yet they yearned in vain, The school woe supported by voluntary contributions. and tliaoks to Beatrice's energy and good teaching-, the dreaded board, with its fads ond extravagance, had not yet olutchcd it. Boalrico bod returned to her duties that afternoon, for a night's rest had br mght back its vigor to her strong young frame. Sho had been greeted with enlhusiasm by the children, who loved her, as well they might, for she was very gentle and sweet with them, though none dared disobey her. Be sides, her beauty impressed them though they did not know it. Beauty of a certain sort has perhaps more effect npon children than any other sorl, heedless and set£sb as they often scom to be. They feel its powor ; it is an outward expression of the thoughts and dreams that bud in their unknowing hearts, and is s»mabow mixed up with their ideas of God ond Heaven. Th'ts there was in iJryn gilly a little ;irl of ten, a very clt-ver and highly excitable child, Jane Llewellyn by name, born of parents of strict Culvinistic views. As it chanced, some monthB before tho opening of | this story, a tub thumper, of high re nown ond considerable riide oratorical force, visited the place and treated his hearors to a lively discourse on the I Horrors ot Hell. Io tho very front row, her eyes wide wilh fear, sat this poor little child be tween her parents, who l'stened to tho minister with much satisfaction, and a littlo way back sat Beatrice, who had come out of curiosity. PreSBOtly the preacher, having dealt sufficiently in terrifying illustrations, for, after tho manner of bis class, he was delivering an extemporary, oration. ' Look at that child,' ho said pointing to the little girl ; ' she looks innocent does she not ? but if she does not' find salvation, my brethren, I tell you that sho is damned, If sbe dies to-night, not hsvintr found salvotion, sho will go | to Sell. Her delicate little body will be tormonted for ever and ever ? — ' Here the unfortunate child fell for ward with a shriek. ? ' You ought to be ashamed of your self, sir,' said Beatrice aloud. She hud been listening to all this ill-judged rant with growing indigna tion, and now, in ber oxoitement, entirely forgot that she was in a place of worship. Then she rati forward to the child who had swooned. Poor un fortunate, sho never recovered the shock. When she came to horself it was found thot her finely strung mind had given away, ond she lapsed into a condition of.imbecility. But her im becility was not alwys passive, Occi- sionally fits of passionate terror would seize upon her She would cry out that the fi'uds were coming to drag her -lown to torment, and dash hersolfjagainpt the wall, ;in. foar hideous to behold. Then it was found that there was but one way to calm hor ; it was to send for Beatrice. . Beatrice wonld come and tako tho poor thin han'ls in hers nnd gaze with hnr calm doep 'eyes upon the wasted horror siricken face till the child ijrew quiet a«.iin. and -hivpring sobbed herself to. rent upon her breast. And so i' was wilh all tho other children ; ' er powor over them was almost absolute. They loved her nnd slrtJiloved them all. ?Ainl now the schooling waB almost i'V^r tor tho day. It wns Beatrice's ei)«t'iTi io tnnke Iho rhi dion sing some ?ioip'n song before they broke op. She stood in front of thern and gave the 'imewhio they sang, and a pretty siihtit wa- to see hor do it. On this ivirtien'ar afternoon, just as Iho Hist ' ri--- w-ti finished, the door of the -iii 'ipetiotl, ni.il Orcon D.ivies entered ^?Hng hno(t« under his arm.. Beatrice yiuaoed round and saw him, then, j with a quick stamp of her foot, went on giving tho timo. Tbo ohildron sang lustily, and in front of them stood Beatrice, dressed in simplo white, ber groceful f°rm swaying as she marked tho music's timo. Nearer avid nearer drew Owen Davies, till at length ho stood quito closo, his lips slightly apart, his eyes fixed upon her like tho oyos of one who dreams, and his slow heavy faoo faintly lit with tho glow of strong emotion. Tho song ended, the children at a word from their mistress hied past ber, headed by tho pupil teachers, and then with a shout, seizing their caps, ran forth this way and '.bat, welcoming the froe air. Whon they had all gone, and not till then, Beatrice turned suddenly round, 'How do you do, Mr Davies,' sho said. He started visibly. ' I did not know that yon had soon me,' he ans wered. ' Oh, yes, I saw you, Mr Davies, only I could not stop tha s°ng to say bow do you do. By the way I have to thnnk you for coming to enquire after me.' ' Not at all, Miss Beatrice, not at all ; it was a dreudlul accident. 1 can not toll how thankful I am — I oan't iudoed.' ' ' It is vory good of you to take so much interest in me,' said Beatrice. ' Not at all, Miss Beatrice, not at all Who— who could help taking in terest in you ? I have brought yon somo books — the life of Darwin — it is in two volumes. I think that I heard you soy that Darwin interests you ? ' '. Yes, thank you vory much, Havo you read it 1 ' ' No, but I; have cut it, Darwin doesn't interest mo, you know. I think that he was n rather misguided person. May I carry the books home for you ?' [ ' Tltonk you, but I am not goini; straight home; I am going to old Edwrrd's shed to see my oanoe.' As a mattor of fact this was true, but the idea was only that moment born in hi r mind. Beatrice had been going home, as sho wanted to see that all things were duly prepared for Geof frey and his little daughter. But to get to tbo Vicarage she must pass along the cliff where there were few people, and this she did not wish to do. To be frank, she feared lest Mr Davies should take the opportunity to make that offer of his hand and heart whioh hung over her like a nightmare. Now the way to Edward's shed lav through the village and down tho cliff, and she knew that he would never propose in tbo village. It was very foolish of her, no doubt, thus to seek to postpone the evil day, hut the strongest-minded women have their weak points, and this was one of Beatrice's. She hated the idoa of this scene. She knew that when it did come there would be a scene. Not thot her resolution to refuBO the nan had ever faltered. But it would be painful and in the end it must reach the ears of her father and Elizabeth that she had actually rejected Mr Owen Davies, and then what would her life be worth ? She had never sus pected, it had nevor entered her mind to suspect, that, though her father might be vexed enough nothing- on this earth would more delight the heart of Elizabeth. ? i Presently, having fetohed her hot, ? Beatrice, accompanied by her admirer, bearing the life of Darwin under his arm, started to walk down to the beach. Thoy -went in silence, Beatrice just n little ahead. She ventured some remark about tho weather, but Owen DavieB made no reply ; he wos think ins, he wanted to say something, but hi did not know how to say it. They were at tho bead of tho o'iff now, nnd if he wished, to speak he mnst do so quickl y. ' Miss Beatrice,' he said in a some what constrained voice. 'Yes, Mr Davies — oh, look at that seagull ; it nearly knocked my hat off.' But he wns not to be nut off wilh tho seagull. ' Miss Beatrioe,',' he said again, 'are you going out walking [ next Sunday afternoon ?' j; 'How oan I tell, Mr Davies? It may rain.' I But if it does not rain — please tell | me. You genera'ly do walk on the beaoh on S&nd.y.; Miss Beatrice, I ,want lo speak to you. I hope you will jollow me, I do indeed. ' Then snddenly she came to a de cision. This kind of thing was unen I durablo ; it would be better to get it over. Turning round so suddenly that ! Owen started, she said : ' If you wish to speak to me, Mr Davies, I shall be in tho Amphitheatre, oDposito the Red Rooks, at four o'olock on Sunday afternoon, but I had much rather that you did not come. I oan say no more.' ' I shall come,' he answered dog godly, and they went down the steps to the boatbhed. ' Oh, look, daddy,' said Effie, ' hero comes the lady who was drownded with yon, and a geotlerann,' nnd to Beatrice's great relief the child ran forword and met them. ' i.h 1' thought Gooffrey to him self, ' that is tho .man Honoria said she wns engaged: to. Well, I don't think very much of her teste.' In another minute they had arrived. Geoffrey shook hands with Beatrice, and was introduced to Owen Davies, jwho mnmnred something in reply, and promptly took his departure, L They examined, tho canoe together, and then walked slowly up to tho fVicarago, Beatrice holding Effio by the hand. Opposite the roef they limited for a minute. , ' There is tho Table Rock on which ws wore thrown. Mr Bingham,' said Bearrioe, 'and here is where they oar ried u ? nBbore, The sea does not look as though it would drown any one to uight, does it? See 1' — and she threw a stone into it— 'the ripples run an tevenly as thoy do on a pond.' | She spoke, idly and Geoffrey 'answered her idly, for neither were thinking of their words. Rather were they thinking- of the etrango chance that bad brought them together, in. an hour of deadly peril, and now left them i togother in an hour of peace. Parhaps, I too, thoy were wandering to what en.d this had come abont. For, agnostics, atheists, or boliovers, are wo not, most of us, fatalists at heart?' Tto be continued.] 