The Haunted Husband; OK LADY CHETWYND'S SPECTRE. By Mks. Hakuict Lkwis.' . CHAPTER JXI—initimial^ ' TDRNIKG Ur STRANGKLY. Tlicv drore into llie carriage pop-li, and Clieln-ynd aliglitcd and mill nji Ilie 6lc|is with a pule fnte mid still silent mi™. There was no marsrnilling of servants in the great hall. The butler and the house keeper stood insitlc the door to jjive tlioir master welcome, and nt 1. little distance, in the slmdow of the great sloncnse, like tome liiril of ill .niien, slnoJ ol.l liapce, the InJion nurso cf Sylvitt Monk, lu-r villiered block face lookini; weird and wildi-likc nnilrr her hcavj red tnrban. The mnrqnis slionlc hniuls with his f«illifnlscriniils,liowrd tn th.i nld Indinil woman willi his npror-failins courdsy, and alloweil the Inil.-r to pull off his Rrrat coat. BiiWing himself of filoi -vo, cap nnd roufflpr, liis lordsliip |iasseil into the draw ing room, Monk nnd Sanders lingering in Die hull. The dramiiu room was very inviting aftiT the cliill cl-mni without. Aiiiong the vavious jiu- turcs adorning the room wus a fino |.ortrait in oils of the joiing marquiR, puinlnl two years before This portrnit was e.vrjnisitivi'ly \vn;a(lied «i(h fliiwers, and niuler i(. ii|-on a snml1 bracket ilru|)uil with juiiIkt velvet under point lace, was a lovely honqnui of odor .uns blossoms. A sudden nioisturu dimmed Chctwynd's eyi's at this evidence of regard for him. only one person in the house vtas cnpnlilc of so delicate 11 tribute of weluouip. He looked around for her. The Innj, luxu rious room had no occtipnnt beside himself. Ho calhil qnii-kly, half inipotieiitly : . ? Sylvia !' There was a fluttering sound in the inner drawing room, and Sylvia Monk, lull and regally handsome in her swarthy K.ist Indian lieaulr, dri'sipd in a sort of half- mnnrninj;, wearing n sweeping rolic'of purple velvet nnd oimiuicnts ot glrdming jinrp'c aniothysls, with a rud gleam in the tlnll I'luckncss of lier now open eyes, veil rosr-s on her dusky olive checks, nnd a smile of rapture on her red lips, came softly, sweetly, to meet him. He held out his hands to hor, 1ml the put tip her fnw to he kissed. ' Oh. liny, dear Hoy.' she breathed, in b raj-tiir..iis 1 oiw, resting -nr iie.iJ ii|mn liis Fhnuldi'i'. ' Welconui home — a thoii 6and times wi'lcniiu- !' She drew Imck fmm him npon the in Etant, us in mnidenly niorlivtr, and In1 noted the fWli that moimtrJ to her face, lier engeriiess and excitement, and in her riroupiup ovi'S he rend the fact llmt she lmd loved him. lie withdrew toward the fire nhli :i fei-liug almost nf r.:|mlsion. Uc had no wish tor lore 01 lit r tli.-m .1 culm, sitilerly affection. Miss Monk took the alarm, and swept after him- to the tuarUc hearth, and laid her hand upon his arm, and said, in a low lone of tender ]iu.\idini; : 'Dour Uov, if you only knew how 1 have looked for.ard to this hour ! 1 have thcuaht of yon hy duy und by night. 1 have wondered where yon were, ouil wciit hiki prwycu for vonr return. And now yon are come, mid I find you changed— euW—con- sU-niuoJ— ' Her voice (?ove way in tern. ing suls. giie drooped her head. J ' Not chanced Io yon, Sylvia.' snid Chetwynd, nfK-ct- onalely, taking her in his arms. ' lly dear sisier, of whom 1 have often thought in my wanderings. 1 am not ibt/ ninii I was two year* ago. Jly sorimi has changed me, bm I am the same Roy to yon.' lie kissed iier, and at lire same moment Gillicrl Moid; :ui,l Hiinricis entered the room. Sylvia dipped ,,«oy fmni his lord ship, lln-i,t,i iiiid satisfied, 'and Monk ui;d the LailiU'eM-huimeil si^nili.-ant glances. Pandei-s ri-nuiiii.il to dinner, and retired witli the inuiqms to Ilic lil.r.iry soon after, haiiluT ri-ijiii'sieil a few minutes' privalo inter. ic-w with his Inr.ltliip. ' I d.iu't care to distuss lmsii.esB this evening, Baiulcrs, said the young lord, as Hie two entered Ilic dim, Moorish librury, ' W.1 will liink over the accounts any duy yon like, Lnt not to-night.' ' ll was not to talk of the aeconnts that ~ I asked a few niiniili-s iutemew, my lord,' said the bailiff. ' Yuu will Ijud tin iu jil) Tight whenever yunr lordsl.ij) niny h. pleased to vxalhiiic iheui. I hope y-m will |ianloii my presumption, my lor.l, hut 1 loveyuii.as if yon were my own son, and 1 would v-ive iu.ic.-li in sec ymi ha| py. 1 uiu lianlly say wliat I wish. It is about Mi^s Monk.' 'Well, tjaiidi-rs?' said his lordship, kindly. 'lileem it unliT just to say Io yonr Jurdnliip llmt tin-re is a report 'llifcl Miss Monk is to he inuriii'd.lo you. 1'eojile knew ol you early betrolhul to her, nnd I ^ . desiru to suggest, for tho salse of llie lady Iiei-e1f, that if there ia no prospect of »iiinnHge.'hetwei;n your 4ordship jhnil licr, .:?'? Miss Muuk oniiht toliese'ulnwav from : . . Cliclwyii'l r»fkV ?? ? ?' i^r. «:.Wiiere,cohld sheno?' -'.??^; ^I.v. -' '''I ?-loh-t^no»v I'di sure, my lwd. ijj%; iV'.!1' ?-? Vi' only lio|iic.'-.. -'???' ?'..? pftH' :- Y»» i'ave'liikeii-iJuibyi.j'.'.Jlie forelock — 1 *b «iei)ly,,.Saiiilvri;)iisi)enkiiiglp nie^n 'X* till suljecfiijioii -ln,Teiy*jliiy of ': niy ro-. tt^*»rii.'*«i'l 1'is lordsliii,. 'Miss Monk has sSwayiHion1, andslie wiir.^.vyn spate pf ^^ffliS-EObhiji-. I do iiot intcnd^lOjfMuiry ^^^^yny lnr-V crj.-d .^/l.rH, eiige.-]^. ^^^^Sfe?'1:' is -?- ii-)lt'-it Ch'etw'UHl, toislySaiff^ar.! i., di;i- .„ ii.t- !0:: -\ ' wiiiiian in' yonder who has waited the best years of her life for you, and who loves von belter than she loves her own soul. JS'o .one knows that I am making this appeal Io yon. I am oversleping the hounds' of my proper 6pliere, lint I am an t)ld man, Lord Chetwynd; I loved you in your boyhood— I love you stilly 1 know yon will forgive my presumption.' Miss Monk was your mother's choice lor ymi ; young lady Wy Clietn-ynd lorcd Iier. My lord, you know wliot a cruel thing gossip is. l'orgive me — ' ' It is all right, Sanders,' said tho mar quis, gravely. ' Cat say no more. We may talk more of this at some future ; I am not oflV-udcd. You are going ? Well, good-night.' Sanders took his leave. He had spoken to Chclwynd from a comiclion of duty, but had not said half he intended. ClieCwynd nliirned Io (he drawing room. Monk and Sylvia were there, the former pacing the floor uneasily, the latter seated upon the hearth with a dainty bit of wool embroidery. Sylvia looked up brightly as liis lordship entered, and dropped her work npon her lap. Tim marquis ap proaehed her nnd took a seat ue.ir her, ihc words of the steward mingling in liis thoughts with the last words of Ucruice. his loidship had a grandly chivalrous nature, The fact that this woman loved him, and that the gossips made busy with Iier name, therefore entitled her tn liis tendcrest protection. He did not love her, except in a fraternal way, but lie began to -question within himself if he ought not to many her. He had been betrothed to her. His mother had de sired the marriage. Iteruicc had begged him to marry Sylvia. People evidently expected such a marriage, and Sylvia her Belt seemed to expect it. He began, there fore, Jo moo! Die question in bis own mind. Sylvia, smiling nveclly upon him, was rouscious of Ihc struggle going on within him. Her love nnd ambitioli were both aroused, nnd she bent herself to the task of winning him now, upon that lery night. -Shc meant to renew her betroihal before she slept. Gilbert Monk continued to walk to and fro. He wns equally anxious with Sylvia for hei marriage to Chelwynd. Until that marriage should come on', his game in regard to Uernicc wns bluckcd. He was thinkinc thus when the hall luil'ler o|K'lied ibe dour nnd approached him saying: 'Mr. Monk, there's ft low .fellow in the hall who says he must sec you. His name, which he savs it's Flunk— ' ?Hunk storied. ' Flack !? he ejaculated. ' Why, he was a servant of mine. I'll sec him!' He hurried not into tin- ball! Flack stood just inside ihe great portal. Monk went tip to him, ;uni .-iskcil, in an under I0110 : ' IVIml's up ? Why are urn here V ? Mn-. Ci-nwl, she sent in..,- said Flack. Miss (jwyn left Mawr Casiln the day before yesterJay, and we haven't seen her Lull Ibe Castle?' 'V --s, sir, along with a pnrlinniith-, which i-liu carried in lu-r liaud, and a wearing of a. gray dress and veil. Mrs Crowl she thinks Miss Gwyn came ibis way, sir. It's along of n newspaper which came nronnd » packet of wools wliit- li the French governess bought at Carnarvon. The newspaper hud a pariygrapu that Lord Chclwynd was at Genoa, and on his way Inline. That unsettled Miss, and she iiii.Jl- off the. same night. Have you seen her lieic ?' ?Thunder, no. She's here, in the neighborhood,' cried Monk, in a panic. ' You must watch here for her, Find;. (Jo over to the village inn nnd look for her there. Be in the edge of tlie park on the east side of the house after the lights are out. , I must see yon then — consult willi you. I cannot stay here longer without exciting suspicion. Wo must find the girl to-night.1 He returned to the house, concciilng his anxiety and perturbation as beet us he could. He passed the drawing room, going through the music-room to the great conservatory, inlu which tl,c drawing looniF, music-room, and the pink boudoir opened. He sal doiui in a dim nook among tlie flowers, liis heart beating fiercely, mid muttered : ' Bernicc here ! Bi-rnice back at Chetwynd Park ! She will i-cspecl her oath, fclie 11 ill not reieal her identity nor presence to her husband ; but why d. es thj come ? 1 fear there's mischief ahead.' cHAPiun xn. Till! l'IGEBB IN WHITE. From ihe low rustle seat upon which Gilbert bad flung himself, he conld look into the bright drawiug-rooin and hear the ' I wish Chetwynd would full in love with Sylvia,' thought Monk; 'but lie remains wedded to bis first love. I wish he would feel hound in honor or compas sion to propose to Sylvia this very night. If she were very skilful I should lliink she niiglit lead him on. If he were really and Hclually engaged to Sylvia, I ihiuk 1 could manage Ilerniue.' It seemed 11s if the fates were playing into his hands llmt night. While lie Juried in tlie. great cbnser valoyvlhal fiauked one end of the bouse and opened tijum scvornl slnte nf apart meuiE, bylvia «ai in a low chair li.-lbre the jfir.', Iier gay, hit of woollen enibioidcry on her k-iee, ilie s.ifl light falling in ?« Hoo.l tipbu'. hti- -b-warUiy, 'huiuisnine^fiiee, -rc-d cheV-ks und gh/ssy Uiiric/iniir,' conscioiifi lliat she was Jiiokiiig Iier uesl, aid pra semiiigii-prelry .picliire to.ihe ^loincless ynniijj lord. ? ; ' : ?' ?;.?'??-'?.??'--??:-, --r -t am glaii.lobelincksigain;' ^inid'Uie iiiaiqitij, his grave brmvs siiiitlow«d liy jils ciuiRi-Jess Siilil'uifund liitt.'r lunging. . ? 1. iliouiihtiu Abyssinia llmt I would gi.oull I (itvnvit tii'lransjiort myself in iip'iiiiitiiiit' lie; '1 lbi» dear i.ld lioiuo. Alwl lion 1 a... ber , iu t' c luoui the briglr.i-ncd with her joyous presence, and the pain ofticing here is gyater thai. I conld liAic^irBaincd. . Il seems ^as ..if Bernice were near me, Sylvia. I have never had that . strange sense of (he ucarncbS of her presence since i lost her. .Ii seems ns if slio:*ircre in tliese rooms — as if she might appear to nie at any.nioment — as if I might hear Iier voice cnlling,' ' * ' 'That is very natiiral, and vcry'i(isily explained,'' said Sylvia, in Iier smooth, silvery voice. ' ' Yon left this placeEo soon after dear Bcrnice's death thnUicr presence still'seenicd, ns one might say, to pervade Ilia house. You come back after n lolij; nhsence, and everytbing reminds you of Iier. You have not grown used to the bouse without her.' ' Shall I ever get used to the house without her V asked LordOhclwynd. 1 The edge of rur grief must wear off some time,' said Sylvia, softly. It must lose its Erst sbar| ness, nnd become a-vague ond tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone yon will find repose in yonr fond memories of Bernice. I love Chclwynd Park, nnd nil the people npon tlie estate. This is the only borne 1 have ill -all the wide world. But I must leave it. ' I am going nwffy, 60011. next week, if possible, and I shall never 'return again.' ' . ' Why is this, Sylvia ? Why should you leave your home V ' Ah, that is it,' cried Sylvia, passion ately. ' It is not my home. 1 have no right here. Yon can not see, Roy 1 Do yon not understand? Yon force me to speak plainly. I hove no claims npon you Boy, anil I can no longer live nj.on your bounty. Besides,' and her voice trembled with the consciousness that she was play ing her last card now, ' my good name is iny most cherished possession, Roy ; it is in (ruth, nl) I have, and people, talk be cause I remain here.' ' What do they dare' to say to tlie pre sence of my stnp sister in my house ? ' ' They say,' replied Sylvia, drooping ber head still loner. ' that I was once be trothed to you, and that you jilted me. They say that — that I love yon still, and that I nin staying on here in hopes to win yon. And, so I must go, Hoy. I could not slay on here eo long as a spark of true womanhood remains iu inc. And so — and so — I'm going.' She covered her fuse and scemed^to sob iunu utter lmniiliatii 11 and anguish: ' There is only one way in which yon can or will remain, I suppose,' he ex claimed, impetuously, 'and that is — as my wife.' ' Oh, Hoy ! ' cried Miss Monk, raptur ously, cresting ber head in serpent fashion, her dull eyes burning with lambent flames, her red checks flaming into dee|ier carno nuliun. For an instant Chetwynd paused, be wildered. Miss Monk waited for him to say more. He comprehended lhal this unguarded wiiinust bad been interpreted as a half proposu) ol marriage. Ho wns sick at heart for a hrief space. Recovering himself, he said, with iincouscions strn nefcs : 'SyUia, I neri-r loved but once. My heart is buried with my wife. All my hopes rest in her coffin. We were unco betrothed. You put nn end to our eigngemeut, as I fancied then, because yon had disc.ivered tlml yon did not low me. and 1 married liii-nii-p. My mother de sired you and me Io marry each other. Ucinice, dying, urged me to mairy you. Did s!ie fancy, iu that last honr, that you loved me ? The dying see clearly, it is said. r.rliais she had heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. My mother loved yon; lSerni.'c hived yon. I cannot permit von to go forth to 'a life of toil and hardship. Sylvia, sister, knowing wliat I am, nod lhal 1 have 1.0 heart to offer, will jou be come my wife ? ' The colorflnmed again in MissMonk'sfaee. ' Ob, Uny !' she breathed again, in rap. tine. ?! love you. To \x- yonr wife is more than 1 had hoped. But I will de vote my life to you. We will work to gelher, and I know that 1 can bring back to yon a portion at least of your lost happiness.' Chelwynd smiled sorrowfully. ' Such a marriage is a one-sided afTair,' lie said. ' I have so Hltle to give in re 1um li-.r your lo.e, But 1 can spare yui the toil uud hardship ol a governess's life. I can shield you from contact with the busy world, and I will tiy to make yon happy.' Miss Monk iirose uwiltly and rushed toward him with her soil, undulating movements, und flung herself upon, his breast. He scaled bide with a grsture of re pulsion, but recollecting himself, folded one arm around her. They were betrothed iigain, nnd be could giro ha- at least a brother's JareBses. '0b, Roy, this hour pays me fur all 1 liaie endured 1' cried Miss Monk. 'All 1 ask is to be allowed to make you happy. I cannot hope ever to lnk-! the place of dear Beruieo, but in time 1 may come to fi 1 u little niche of my own in your heart. I have snflcrcd so much, M*y life has been one long death without yon. Tuke me closer, ]?oy, »»d give me the kiss of betrothal. At last— at last,' she went on, I 1 am yours.' Cheiwynd put both arms around her, und said, in a broken voice. : ' Uod bless fun. my promised wi/e— nnj denr Sylvia ! Ada your fiftnrc happiness atone !or the sorrows o' your'past:' Ho 1)011 Iiis' noble' head and pressed a kiss ripou hcnvilliilg lips, fill.; held him to her, showering kisses ujion him in eirange iiiireserve.. ;? : A *igl.i, a breaih, a Jaint rnslle, like Ihc brushing of a, wing or the movement of a woman's, drees, came fluttering ihrongh tlio room. ; y. ' Cbelwyn'i), stiii, holding Sylvia (p liis feast, iin'oinntarily looked up. vUis ..applied '.-ejres' beheld u sight that Jield Iiiiu yiimlxiiiiijhnlioiiless. ' : Ho saw standing iu the wide archway oMIife biiijn. sliding dnors.that whicli he ut-hVwil' to-be the njipiirfiidii of his lust | lfcrnia-. , She stood against ' a faintly lit back ground of dnsky blooms, perfectly re vealed, yet in the iiinlst of an odorous twilight Hint marie her seem indued ? a vision from another tnirld. ? . ? She was dressed in white, as at liSr burial. (Jhctw'ynd'K fascinated eyes' noted that she wore a long, white silken robe like that in which he had consigned her to the tonib. He recognised the peculiar fashion ing of (lie dress, for she bad worn tho one in which she hud been buried, at her first dinner at Chetwynd Pnrrk, — that memor able dinner upon the very evening of her home coming. The low, square-cut Pom pndonr corsnge, with frills of point lace standing up about the slender throat and fair bosom ; the short sleeves ending at the elbow in a frill of -lace;. the bared arms ; he recognised each separate feature of the toilet he had thought so charming. But the face ! It was strangely changed and yet he knew it, and his heart leaped up within him at sight of it. Bernice had been plain, but with Iho possibility of bciiuty, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, willi the radiancc-of a rare and perfect loveliness. Spellbound, he con tinned to stare at her, noting the pure, frank brows shaded by crinkling musses of floating hair, and soft aud perfect con tour or her face, lh« lender witchery of the sensitive mo'ulli, (fie unuilerablc yearning and longing in the great vivid eyes of dusk. She looked as if she longed to speak, but was restrained by some invisible power. Sylvia's head bad been buriad iu Chet wynd's breast. Site wondered at his silence, and looked up, crying fondly : ' Cnll me your promised wife again, dear Boy. Kiss me again. Am I not to be yonr wife : Arc we not to be happy at last ? Oh, my darling—' She broke off abruptly, seeing the shadowy figure in the doorway. She stared at the vision as if il had been some demon sent to call her to her eternal home. Her lniir seemed to rise on end. Her tongue was glued to her month. The countenance of seeming apparition changed Io an expression of ineffable des pair and anguish, bhe opened wide her arms as if to embrace Chetwynd, and so, j with outspread ami!!, and yearning, an guished face, she slowly retreated back ward like the airy vision she seemed, j until she had vanished into the gloom beyond. 2\ot until the faecDiiiig spectre liad dis appeared did Lord Cbelwytid arouse from his frozen silence. But then, as if gal vanised, he flung Sylvia Monk from him in :in niter (orgetfulness of her, bounded across the room and into the conservatory. The wax lights were burning dimly in the great arched dome of glass, and there were dim noolis und shadows on every side. The inniqnis dished down .1 wide (hiw.Thr.nlcr.-d aisle like a madman. The glazed do.irs at the Inwrcnd o! ihe am servaiory and opening into the garden were open. He made for them, uttering strange mid incoherent cries. Gilbert Monk was standing near Ihe diifir, as if brought to a sudden halt.' He bad seen Bernice enter the conservatory, lint had been unable to arrest her mova nienis. He bad seen her but now depart like a shadow, au:l he. was in the. net or pursuit when Lord Chetwjnd's swifi ap proach made hitnlialt. Tlie SL-Iienier knew ilml a crisis had occurred in the fortunes of himself and Sylvia, aud upon his pre sent coolness his own future and hers de pended. He wns equal to the occasion. ? Why, what's the matter, Cbetwynd ?' he asked, in the inmost apparent surprise. ' Goml -i-.ici..iis ! is the man mad ? Win re me ymi coing? Why are yon running ? Groat Heaven 1 you look as il you had seen n ghost !' Chetwynd turned npon Monk, eager and impetuous. 'Did jou see her?' he cried. 'Has anyone passed ont tin's way ?' ' No one. I have been standing in the doorway here these fifteen minutes,' replied Monk, with seeming truthfulness.1 Whom do you seek 7 Sylvia !' ' II was Bernice !' said the marquis, all excitement. ' I saw her as plainly ns 1 see you, Gilbert — my dead wife, Bernice ! Help me to search the conservatory — ' Monk put on a look of alarm. ' lly deur Cheiwynd,' he exclaimed, ' you are the victim of some singular hallu cination, lour brain is turned. Have you forgotten that Bernice is dead ? 'How then, have yon seen her ? Do the d 'ad return from their graves? My dear boy, let me send for Doctor Hurlright. You have got a brain-fever.' (2V- be continued). 