III. When I recovered consciousness 1 found St. Serrnn bending over mo. „,1T “ What i» tho matter V’* I inquired, when I found that I wns lying on tho floor “ 1 think you must have fainted.” > f‘ Fainted ! I never did such a thing in my life. It must have boon a curious kind of faint, “ it was a curious kind of faint.” With his assistance I staggered to my feet, felt bewildered. I glanced round, lhero ..erotho chessmen still upon tho board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I scorned to have lost tho use of my tongue. In silence ho helped mo to tlio door. He half led, half carried me—for I seouied to have lost tho uso of my feet as well as that of my tongue—to my bedroom. Ho oveu assisted mo to undress, never leaving mo till I was between the sheets. All the time not a word was spoken. When ho went I behove ho took the key outside and locked the door. . . . ..T That was a night ot dreams. I know not 111 wn9 awake or Bleeping, but all aorta of strange tilings presented themselves to my mental ove. I could not shut them from my Bight. One figure was pronuuont in all I saw—the figure of a man. I know, or thought I kuow, tjiat it was M. Funichon, Ho was a lean old man. and what I noticed chictly were his hands. Such ugly hands ! In some fantastical way I seemed to he contending with them all through tho night. Anil yet in the morning when I woko—for I —d wjiko up, and that from as Hvvoot, re freshing sleep as one might wish to have—it was all gono. It was bright day. The aim wns shining into the great, ill-furnished room. Ah I got out of bod and begun to dress, the humorous sido of the thing had returned to mo again. Tho 'idea of there being any tiling supernatural about a set of ivory chessmen ap peared to mo to bo oxtreinely funny. I found St. Servun had gono out. It was actually half-must ten ! His table d’hote at tho Hotel do Bretagne was ntolevon, and hc-foro he breakfasted ho always took a petit irrtr at tho club. If ho lmd locked tho door overnight ho had not forgotten to unlock it before ho started. I weut into tho rambling, barn-lika room which served us for n xu/ott. The chosa* men had disappeared. Probably St, Servun had put thorn away—I wondered if tho ghost had interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I went out — fancy St. Servun contending with a ghost. Tho proprietor of tho HtUcl do Bretagne is Legitimist, so nil the aristocrats dine there— of course, St Servun with the rest, because, pre sumably, the luudlord’a politics are congenial. As to his cooking it is apparently iudif forent—I never know a worse table in nil my Hfo! Tho landlord of tho IlAtol do PHuropo may be a Communist for all I jcnTo — liis cooking Ls first-rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After 1 had breakfasted I strolled oiT toward tho Grande Hue, to M. Bobineau. Whou ho aawmo, M. Bobineau was all smirks and smiles—ho must huvo got those cheaameu for leas tlmn livo-and-twenty francs! I asked him if ho had any more of tho belongings of M. Funichon. 44 But certainly! Three others sots ot chess. "^iliihv’t want to look at tlioso, apparently ono set was quite enough forme. Wns tliat all ho lmd V il But no! There was an ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved—” I thanked him—nor did I want to look at that. In tho Grando Kuo at Morin ix old bureaus carved about the beginning of tho fifteenth contury—if you listen to tho vondora— aro as plentiful as cobblestones. “ But I havo all sorts of things of M. Funichon. It was I who bought them nearly all. Books, papova, and—'* % ' . [ M. Bobineau waved lii» lunuU toward ft mul l tltudu w£ tooks and payr>.r# vfUicH crowded tho shelves at tho side of his shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I found it was m manuscript. . ... , , . . “That work is unique !” exclaimed Bom* nenu. “It was the intention of AT. Funichon to give it to the world, but ho died before his pur nose was complete. It is the record ot all the {games of chess ho over played—in fifty volumes, \ Monsieur will pereeivo it is uniquo.” I should think it was unique! In hfty volumes! Tho one I held was a large quarto, hound in leather, containing some six or sovon hundred pages, and was lillod from cover to cover witli mutter in a fine, clear handwriting* written on both sides of tho pago. I pictured the face of the publisher to whom it was suggested that lie should give to tho world such a work as that. I opened the volume at the first pugo. It was, us Bobineau said, apparently the record, with commouts, of an interminable series of games ot chesf. I glauced at tho initial game. Here are. the opening moves, just us they were given Queen’s Knight’s Pawn, one square. King’s Knight’s Pawn, one square. Queen's Kook’s Pawn, two squares. King’s Kook’s Pawn, two squares. Queen’s Knight’s Pawn, one square. King’s Knight’s Pawn, one square. Queen’s Hook’sVaM n, two squares. King’s Kook’s Pawn, two squares. They were exactly tho moves of the night before. They were’ such peculiar move,, and made under such pueuliar circumstances that I was scarcely likely to mistake them. Ho far as wo had gone, St. Servan and I, assisted liv tho unseen hand, had reproduced M. Fuinehon’s initial game in tho first volume of his fifty—and a very peculiar game it seemed to be. 1 asked Bobiiicuu what 1m would take for the volume which 1 hold. Monsieur perceives that to part them would spoil tho set, which is unique. Monsieur shall have the whole liftv”—I shuddered. 1 imagine Bobinoau raw I did, lie spoke so very quickly— “for a live-franc piece, which is less than the value of the paper and tho binding.” I kuow then that lie had probably been paid for carting tho rubbish away. However, I paid him his live-fnine piece, and marched oil with the volume under my arm, giving him to under stand, to his evident disappointment, that at my leisure 1 would give him instructions as to tho other forty-nine. As I went uloug I thought the matter over. M. Funichon Boomed to have been a singular kind of man—ho appear*}l to have carried his singularity oveu beyond the grave. Couhl it have been the cold blooded intention of Ins ghost to make us play tho whole contents of the fifty volumes through '< What a fiend of a ghost his ghost must bo! I opened the vulumo and studied the initial game. Tho people vsuro right who had said that tho inunwua mud. None but an Imbecile would have played such a game—his right hand against his left!—and none but a raving madman would have recorded his imbecility in black ami white, as though it were a thing to bo proud of! Cer tainly none but a criminal lunatic would have endeavoured to foist his puerile travesty of tho game ami study of chess upon two innocent Still, tin* thing wns curious. I flattered my self that St. Servun would be startled when lie saw the contents of the hook I wus carrying home. I resolved that I would iiiHtauUy get out tho chessmen and begin another game—perhaps tho ghost of M. Funi chon would favour us with a further exposition of his ideas of tilings. I even made up my mind that 1 would communicate with the Psychical licsearch Soeiuty; Not at all improbably they might think tho case sulii ciently remarkable to send down a member of their body to inquire into the thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on the possession of a ghost, a ghost* too, which might Uo induced to perform at will—almost on the principle of “drop a coin into (he Blot and tho figures move!" It was cheap ut a hundred franca. What a stir those chessmen still might make! What vexed problems they might solve! Unless I wus much mistaken,’ tho ex- , penditure of those hundred francs hud placed mo on tho royal road to immortality. Filled with such thoughts I reached our rooms. I found that St. Servun had rejurned. With him. if 1 may say so, he lmd brought his friends. Such friends! Yo Goths! When I opened tho door tho first thing that greeted, mo whs a strong, not to say m(locating, smell of incense. The room was filled with mnoko. A lire was hluy.iu.r on tho hearth. Before it was St. Servun on his knees, his lmmls clasped in front of him, in an attitude of prayer. By him stood a priest in his robes of oiViue. He held what seemed u pestle and mortar, whoso con tents ho was throwing by handfuls .into tho flamoB, muttering some doggerel to himself tho while. Behind wuro twp acolytes, With nice clean faces and nice white hUjIos, . who wero swinging censers—hence tho odour which Hik'd tlm room, jl .wn* surprised when I beheld oil ibid. ThojL»pi>eared to he holding Homo Bort of religious‘Jfrvico-y tuul 1 hiul uoj- ( bargained for that sort of tiling win-ti i nuu \ arranged with St, Seiran to shun* the re* ”* j with him. In my Hurj*n.e I unccnscimi'uy »« torruptod tho proceodii-as. , “ St.. Scrvim ! Wlmfovor in thu moaning St.. Sorv St'. Servau lookout up) ami tho priest looked | J round—that was all Uio attontion they paid to j • mo. Tho acolytes oywlmo with what, A eon- | coivod to bo a gtin upon their faces. 1,111 wasn't to ho put down like that. ^ . f \ “I must iwkyou, St. Servuu, for an ex plana- j i Tho priest turn ml tho mortar upside down 1 and omptiod tho remainder of its content** into tho lire. “It io finished,” hopaid. . St. Servan rose from Ida knees and fiiussea liimsolf. . . “Wo huvo oxorcsed the demon,” he oh served. ” You havo what J” I asked. . ... “ We have dr Wen out tho evil spirits which possoasod tho chosBinon.” I gasped. A dreadful thought struck mo. “ You don't moan to say that you have dare to pluv tricks with my property 41 Monsieur," said tho priest, “ I nave ground it into dust. , . Ho hud. That fool of a St. Scrvou hud ac tually fetched his parish priest, and his acoly tes, mid their censors, mid between thorn they hint performed a comminatory service ninue■ tvuu provided for tho driving out of tlomons. I“c.v* tmd ground my ivory chessmen in the pefttla ami mortar, and then burned thorn in tho lire, Anu this in tho days of tho psychical KoseAreli Society 1 And thoy had cost mo a huudEou franca 1 And Unit idiot of u ghost had ucvoi strotchod out a hand or on Id tv word,—Hit' '.eiv f hiU Mayasmt*__ 