MISCELLANEOUS. Messrs. Catt and Howe were well received at a banquet at Port Pirie last week. It is time the big mine got a fresh supply of coke. The Hon. J. Darling says the House of Assembly is dying. We hope the Hon. John will bury it decently when it does expire. More than a third of Great Britain is owned by members of tbe English House of Lords. 'Liberalism is trust in the people; Toryism, fear of the people,' eo says the Rev, Hugh Gilmore. It is calculated that in 50 years the popu lation of London, including the suburbs, will be from 10,000,000 to 12,000,000. Sir H. Parkes was unable through indis position to attend tbe Federation Conference in Melbourne on Friday last. Mr. J. Pollard has been reappointed a member of the Saddleworth School Board of Advice. English electrical experts aay that all the main trunk telegraph aad lightning wires is England could be put underground for £6,000,000, and that, although the sum ia a large one, the nation can well afford to expend it. Experiments are now being made in Italy upon this year's vintage in the electrification of wine. Fifty different sorts of wine have already been experimented upon, and the results have been very satisfactory. The wine is clarified and 'given a bouquet.' Devilled kidneys are a favourite dish (says a London paper) ; but it is impossible to predict bow much longer they will re main so. Already boxes of kidneys are being imported into Britain from Australia. As a kidney depends for its toothsomeness as much upon its condition as fish does, it is hardly a recommendation that it should be brought 12,000 miles over the sea. An interesting entertainment to illustrate the results of oral teaching of deaf mutes took place lately at the Deaf and Dumb Asylum in the Old Kent-road, London, when a number of the inmates gave a representation of Shakespeare's 'Richard III.' The piece was capitally played ; and the action of the performers was perfectly intelligible to tbe audience. There is an old lady living in Spitafields, l(ra. Rachel Prussie, who in December last, according to authentic records, completed her 107th year. Her memory is unimpaired, and she talks' freely of tbe eventful days of the first Napoleon, when she was s pirl. She chiefly spends her time in reading Hebrew books, varied with crochet work, in which she is very clever. A story comes from Valcartier, on the line of the Lake St. John Railway, in Canada, to the effect that a mysterious light resembling a locomotive's head light was seen crossing and recrossing the Jacques Cartier bridge one night recently, though no locomotive was there, and no sign of an j person could be found on the bridge or line near it. The same phenomenon, it is claimed, has been frequently seen before, and the apparition is known in the locality under the name of ' the phantom train,' popular su perstition ascribing its running to the ghost of a conductor who met his death on the line some years ago. That a strange light is occasionally seen on the bridge seeme to be unquestionable, as so many respectable people vouch for its appearance. We take the following from a police court case recorded in the Gawler paper : — Dennis Kain, aged 12 years,, son of John Earn, laborer, Gawler South, before being sworn underwent the following cate chism, being challenged as to the nature of an oath : — Magistrate — Do you know what book that is in your hand ? Boy — Yes, sir ! it's the Truth Book. Magistrate— Do you know where you will go to if you tell a lie? Boy — Yes, sir! to the Hulk. (Laughter.) Magistrate — That is so far right ; but who will punish you if you tell a lie P Boy — You will, air. (Laughter.) Magistrate — If you tell lies will you be punished after you die? Boy — Yes, sir, by someone above. Magistrate — He can bs sirota. By far the deepest lake in the world is Lake Baikal, in Siberia, which is in every way comparable to the great Canadian lakes as regards size ; for, while its area of over 9,000 square miles makes it about equal to Erie in superficial extent, its enormous depth of between 4,000 and 4,500 feet makes the volume of its waters almost equal iu iuai ui uatio ouportur. Aiiuuugu no surface is 1,360 feet above the sea- level, its bottom is nearly 3,000 feet below it. The Caspian lake, or sea, as it is usually called, has a depth in its southern basin of over 3,000 feet. Lake Maggiore is 2,800 feet deep, Lake Como nearly 2,000 feet, and Lago-di- Garda, another Italian lake, has a depth in certain places of 1,900 feet. Lake Constance is over 1,000 feet deep, and Huron and Michigan reach depths of 900 and i,000 feet. According to M. Dachesne, railway men improve in health during the first four years, but at the end of 10 years tbey are tired out, in 15 they are actaal sufferers, and few can remain in the service after 20. These general conclusions have been supplemented by Dr. Lichtenberg, of Bada-Pestb, who fonnd from examination that, out of 250 railway employes, 92, or more than a third, suffered from ear disease. Engine-drivers are especially liable to rheumatism and pneumonia, and after some years of service a certain portion of them become dull of sight and hearing. Others suffer from a mild form of spinal concussion, muscular feebleness, and continuous pains iu the limbs. They are apt to develop a peculiar mental state— a sort of cerebral imtation — with excessive nervousness and morbid sensation of fear. Nothing is sacred to the Transatlantic interview— not even Mdme. Patti's hair. Londoners were mildly amused when they noticed that the diva bad altered the color of her hair, but it has been left to the American interviewer to question Mdme. Patti os the subject. Iu answer to tbia enterprising inquisitor, the prima donna de clared that in playing Gounod's Juliette sbe did not want to wear a wig — who does ? —because sbe has -enough hair of her own ; so she dyed it ! The cream of the story has to come. 'I have almost become fasci nated with it myself,' Patti is reported to h:ive said ; ' but, to tell you the truth, I have been so busy since that I have never had time to allow it to get to its natural coloi again.' This only shows how diffi cult it is to give up 'aids to nature' when you have once adopted them. The audacity of the interviewer did not stop here, how prer ; for, with true Yankee originality, he inquired (eo he says), ' Will the capillary change effect your cavatinas ?' What a pity Charles Dickens did not survive until this year of grace, 1890. The Adelaide Stock Exchange would have fur nished him with splendid material for an additional volume of 'Boz' sketches. What a motley crew gather to graze there ' — legislators, pawnbrokers, councillors, em bryo parsons, Teutons, Caledonians, sons of Cornubia, and children of Israel by the score, and just a fair sprinkling of Milesians. You might bet your last jubilee sixpence the Milesians' share of tbe spoil is the smallest in such a crowd. Hibernia's sons may be gifted to occupy the highest posi tions in Church and State, but Nature ap pears to decide against their shining as ' brokers.' So Pat must be content -with a back seat in this particular science, and leave to the canny Scot and cunning Cor nubian and penetrating Israelite the man ipulation of the ' bulls' and the ' bears.' Pat is generally reckoned pretty good at a bull, but cot of the Stock Exchange species. — Southern Cross. The correspondent of the Port Augusta Dispatch, writing on January 11, says: — 'The New Ediacara Mine is once more in full swing under the able management of Captain C. H. Truscott, with a staff of nearly 40 men. A large quantity of ore will be worked out and raised during the next few months, in anticipation of machinery to be erected in the near future. A well is being sunk in tbe plain, west of the present workings ; there is every reason to believe a good supply of water will be cut at about 155 feet. This will be a great boon to hawkers, tradespeople, and others visiting the mines. The want of water on the ground is a great drawback to the place, it having at present to be carted from a well five miles from here. In the west shaft at both the 60 feet and 74 feet levels the drives are being extended, the ends looking promising for ore. A new shaft is going down on a quartnte blow, showing galena. Very little work has been done on this part of the property. Good results may be ex pected from tbe sinking of the shaft. The Consolidated Company intend commencing work again shortly on their property by sinking another shaft south-west of the old shaft. Tenders are out for this work.' We take the following remarkable dog story from a Melbourne paper : — A remark able instance of canine sagacity occurred last week at Kangaroo Hills, Creswick, the hero of the occasion being Messrs. Tankard & Gordon's sheep dog Laddie. During the last two months Mr. Gordon has been in the habit of taking at the end of each week a parcel of 60 or 70 sheep to a certain butcher in Daylesford. Last week, how ever, be missed doing so, and the dog, evidently thinking there was something wrong, collected about 100 sheep from one of the neighoring hills and set out witb them himself, apparently for the usual destination. Mr. Gordon was away from home at the time, but returning an hour or two later he missed the dog and the sheep. Mrs. Gordon remembered having seen ? the dog watching the sheep about the house at one time during the day, but did not know what had since become of them. Proceed ing on to the road, however, Mr. Gordon observed tracks of sheep going in the direc tion of Daylesford, and following them up, came upon the sheep about two miles from home, with the dog in charge and conduct ing them — the day being hot and the sheep heavy— slowly along. Laddie seemed de lighted at the arrival of hie master, but had to submit to being turned back. A correspondent of the Evening Star (N.Z.) writes: — Mr. Hargraves, the dis coverer of gold in Australia, related to me about 25 years ago the following interesting story : — ' An aborigine, who was eb.epb.erd for a squatter, returned with his flock rather early one evening in a frantic state of joyful excitement, and begged his master to give him a tomnhawk and a sack, and follow him to a rock where he could cat off a lump of * white man's gold ' big enough to fill the sack. The fellow being so importu nate, the squatter followed him, and sure enough, just as the black-fellow had pictured, ' like a candle with the grease run down to a lump at tbe bottom,' was found a mass of gold at the foot of an almost per pendicular rock in the side of the mountain. With the tomahawk tLey cut off the gold — about a hundred weight. A block of the quartz cut out with the mass of gold in its native state, had they thought of such an expedient, would have been, perhaps, the finest specimen ever seen in the world. The honest blackfellow was rewarded with a flock of sheep, a few acres of land, and a hut. The reef, I believe, was the first to be crushed in Australia ; and the company did not get out of it enough gold to pay ex penses. Nature seems to have ran the whole of the gold, when in a molten state, just to the bottom of the perpendicular rock where it was discovered by the aboriginal shepherd .' The Melbourne Herald reports: — 'An incident of a most ludicrous character oc curred in the Bridge road, Richmond re cently.- The Salvation Army have recently instituted female bands — that is to say, a corps of female members of the Army to perambulate the streets playing all kinds of instruments, without the assistance of any of the opposite sex, excepting the band master. Cornets, trumpets, and even the inevitable big drum are played by the lasses. Abont half-paBt two yesterday afternoon a band of about 40 of these lasses, after marching through the streets of the city from the barracks, took up what they hoped to be permanent quarters in a lane next to the premises of Mr. Jones, the chemist. They were, however, interrupted by Senior Constable Davies and Constable Rohan, who, finding that they had gathered a considerable crowd who obstructed the traffic on tbe footpath, requested them to take up a more isolated position. As every body knows, the Army always holds its outdoor services in a circle. One of the lasses, who was on the outside of the ring, was very cute. ' Go inside, and speak to the captain,' said she, and they did so. The captain was a female, and she tried .to reason the constables into the belief that they were committing a sin in trying to prevent the Army obeying the behests of the Saviour to go into highways and by wars, and preach the Gospel. The con stables were, however, obdurate, and in sisted upon the band 'moving on,' Suddenly they found themselves iu a peculiar and unpleasant position. Down fell all tbe lasses — as before stated, about 40 in number — on their knees, leaving tbe two stalwart fellows conspicuously exposed to the outside crowd, who subjected them to a considerable amount of * barracking.' If it iB possible for a policeman to blush these two did, and they were so taken aback that they hardly knew how to escape. Then the band broke forth with a united prayer, ?Oh, Lord bless the police. Take away the hardness of their hearts. Send down Thy grace upon them, so that they will not interfere witb the soldiers of the Lord. Save their souls!' Next they rose and sang, and while Binging was going on the two guardians of the peace made their escape, and were soon out of sight. They would sooner have been in a band of larrikins. They would have felt at home there, bat they did not ia this circle,' 