GOSSIIPt ABOUT GIRILS. GIRLS WHO DON'T FLIIIT. .(By Maorgery Lee. iu the 'ewrceale Chronicle.) Contrary to the firm belief of many people who ought to know all about i:, \- one does now and again meet wuith a girl who doesn't flirt. I begrudge. n- praise to these very superior young .1 peraoshs; they only act according to their lights, have the reward of an approving conscience, and are, more over, possessed of many consolationo for all they lose. And among thleso consolations, Platonic friendship o,mess first and foremost. What is Platonic friendship ? you ask. I seea to read and hear a great deal ebout it now-a. days, but 1 never tried it myself never came across a case of it cren. A pinch for stale news, my friend ! Wbho ever did except is a book ? But, you urge, but-" But me no buts." Answer this question instead. If two persons of different sexes like each ?other well enough, have sufficient sympathy between them, and find enough pleasure in each other's society to desire a great deal of companionshil, what generally happens ? Wihy, they mnsrry, of couser, you rtptly. '.Exactly. And that is just what mot of those wht go in for Plalonic friend ship do. For various reasons they preler calling court'tip by another narne, so indulge in "love in the sem blance tof frierndship." You 'renember Ihow Priscilla and JTohn Alden managed it in " The Courltship of Miles Standish." One dlay shle tells him that she likes " to be with him, to are hiem, to talk to hlim always." It is a case of reciprocity, and they become firm "friends." His visits to her are are paid merely as a matter of duty ; he never gives utterance to a word of love, nor are we led to suppose that he does or ecen looks one single thing a brother would not have looked or done. But I asm quite sure all readers wr.uld el. bitterly disappointed if the story didn't endl with the sound of wedding bells En passant, don't you find Priscilla something of an enigma ? I never can make her out. If she were introduced to us as a spirited ray-what T-think sorl of girl, one could better understand and admire her. But for the world-famed " WIhy don't you speak for yourself, John ?" to have proceeded from the mouth of a simple and modest and sweet Puritan maiden--there's an incogroity somewhere that is beyond my powers of comprehension. I)id any one ever htear what the fatuity of reasoning is by which a girl who docesn't flirt can persuade herself that it is perfectly possible to be on purely friewrly terms with a iman whlor she likeb to see and be with always! I never did. If it have any life in it at all, friendship must be progressive; it must either be on tle increase or wax fainter, and no two persons of lopposite sex cal be together without feeling this progression in a way that two of the same gesrnder never would. Platonic friendship poof I Till we are like angels," sexless ansd passionless," it will be as it has beon, a ridlueulous fallacy; and the sooner it is an exploded osne, the better. At the same time, I really doI not see why I or any one else should grow sever sahout it. The very happi, st marriages oft-n c:,rle of it, and " all's well that ends well." So go on with your "Platr.nic friendships," dear maidlens, go on and flourish, ; I give you nmy blessing andl rver best wislhes for your haspinpes.R when you marry your friend. If, on the contrary, you don't marry him--I wish some one would invent a word whereby one could write an ex pressive shrug of the shoulders and lifting of the eyebrows. I sholul make use of it now, were there such a contri vance. " Lea yee.r rqali lparlent " are another deadly weapon--poss:ssion, I mean-in the halnds of a nonsflirting maiden : the great sparklling, melting eyes one sees occasionally, and alwnys admires so much. They have such a way of gazing into others of the maseu. line gender ; such an innocent way of looking apprecirstion, approval, an sympathy. " Killing ! " " slaying ! " they truly are; but why should these radiant orbs nearly always find a place in the Ieads of those damsels of whom I spoke last week--those bits of sunshine whose light kindle a fire in the hear s of msnkind. " I have not seen you very often together," I said once to a much enamoured yotll who feared his late too much to put it to the test, and cames to me for counsel and advice, " but, from what I have seen, I am afraid ther,, is not much hope for you." " What makes you think so 1" Ie asked do jecledly. "She seems to do nothing but laughl with and tearuse you." It was kinder to speak plainly, I thought. "Before you went to Africa you begged ifor a keepsake. Shie gave you a good. sized parcel which, being divested of about twenty sheets of paper, disclosed a stale piece of cheese-a thing you abomi nate. When you disagreed with lier and got hot over that argument last night, she stopped you by saying thatany other opinions would Ih ton far in advance of .your ago, and--have you got all the salt out of your hair yet ?" (She had :put some in his hIat.) "It ineelds more genius than I possess to find. any n. couragement in these little attentions." "Thst's only full," he said, coloring. ' Come now," I went on, "look back. Think deeply. Ila shle over said one word or done one thing to make you think she cared for you as you care for her ?" He was silent for a moment. Then-" I don't think she hass," lie asid,ýsaidly. "But then, largery " brightening up wonderfully--" iher eyes. She has looked all sorts of things. The words of the lips are double or single, True or false as we say or sing ; But the words of tlne eyes that mix and Are always saying the same old thing. Words are empty sounds; looks are quite anotlher thinrg. 'Thie poor boy soon foulr out that there was a great deal of truth in the last part of;bIs !remark, and I fnecy lie waihed for some time afterwards that lie lhadn pi nneld hil faith to the emrlty sounds instead of the looks. I lhave Ieard t'cndcnnli's Laura giren us an exanllllo of a ion sessor of tlhis hind of eyse-orlhs whirlh " Nature olad llnsll to shinie rind look so, and whlich crrlll nio lllore heilp shinirlg and looe:inlg sr thani olle star can heltI being Ibrigl.htr tlhaul othellr "; but I don't qruite see it. LIira didn't look at lier adorers wih thell " lThoi otindost alone as thie nlghlligalo sings " ex prension I ihav observedr in thie eyes of many girls os they gazo into those of their male friends. Are you quite nure, illy innotcent tilrbeti, that there i f't a little, just a little I.i ili lfectati.in sumuewhere, just a little superfluous lo;irritg and lifting of the long lashes ? " She gives a sidle glallce and l~oks down ' was not the charscterietic of an innocent-hearted damsnlo ! ieware ! Take care I linBut, Im it real or assulmedl, unlonsc'iOnsners of self (if the nsif Ie ilre) is the greatlst nttrnetiot n a wonlan can Iave--and the rarest. Talking fll English wromen, a critic saad that most girls are ridicnlously conscious of sexual dlitinetion, anid have two distinct m:lers -- the " stald-ofl" lnli tile "c e ( oil " mnannser. Flirts or prudes .--they are one or the other. Sptaking tvry geneusily, he is tight; and one canunot wonder at men maklhing thle must of a girl wish first strikes the lappy mediun, seeming unconseious of all but what she is talking tiluit or doing. Thus it is that " lhe opprohrious epi tlet" is often levelled at heads the ;lost innocent, ald manny a bulmpl sf inl dignation ihas thus been raised, while a Esrrowful cry arose to the tune of the little schloolboy's plaint-" I don't do nothing, and then somebody goes and tell f ime !" It seems rather strange that it should be so, but it's a fact that the " sulebudy " who tells inl these cases is often another girl whsio doesn't flirt. If you disapprove of flirtation ltll want somne one to say amen and more to all your remarks, go and talk to that tall, angular girl over there; yes, she with the cold gray eyes and ldecidled tinge of color on that feature of the face in which color should be con spicuons by its absence. From her you will learn hlow Edith S- is going in for church work purely because there is a nice young curate there ; how Mary I -'s illness was all caused by Iarry S- giving her up, and, really, can you wonder at it after the way in which she ran 'after h imf-no man could care for a girl of that sort long; Iow Sylvia D- 's mother, aided by Sylvia herself, is trying ito "catch" Frank It- , and so on ad lib. At last you get tired of hearing their talus of woe, and, turning the conversation, remark on the prettiness of Wynne B- 's complexion. It would be wonderful if it were int pr, tty, she says with a little sniff, after all the care and trouble that has been expended on it. Then you learn that Emily N- , who ha snellch pretty ways and pleasant manncrs, is a dreadful girl; has a tem. per that, makes the lives of her family a burden to them, and only cares for at traeting men that sithe may get what sihe rnn out of tlhem. At length you have had too much lenir n-juie, and some how youor answersshwU sh her tlhat it is so. hite has enough seslee to see how the land lies, and uays tlle is afraid hle ap. iears a little harsh, but can't Ielpl it. Sihe canl't understand, has no symtipathy with flitatioln. To her it always seenms lhrrible, and never, in all her life, has hie been guilty of anythling of the kind. Of course she hlasn't: ishe wculdn't be so ready to criticise if sie had. Isn't it in one of Disrael's novels we learn that i critic is one who can't lus it himself ias failed to do what lie criticises, I ean ? I am afraidl this woman's nature must be the result of a failure, and I ain really very sorry for her. I amn still sorrier for those whlo have to listen to her. At such periods one feels • l forcibly and unpleasantly tile truth of the lines NaSture, irnplrial in her ends, When ese outlie isnti tile sitroenst, Ito justtu? tit n, to make anli:nrltd Mtale women's tongues the lot.gest. Nature minase another mlsistake in let ting her coopensation-balance, or at traetion of opposites, or whatever it is, apply to flirtation as to everything else. Ilaven't you often and often noticed low the man who ii icapablle, boti from choice aend ability, of playing with lure, often falls a victim to the wiles of a heartless coquette; and the girl who is all that is simple-minded andi sweet gives thie undivided love of a pure heart to the winning tongue and so:t eyes of a nass without an atom of feeling for anythinig but himself ? Of these, the latter case is the worse, for it is the fate of s womnon Long to be ipsatient and silent, to walt like a ghost thlat Is speealhles, Till some ujuettioning voice dissolves the spell of its ailene. Anid if 'the silence is not dissolved, oh! tile weary empty days, the slow drag of the henry weelk, the loveless stretch if yacrs before liher Indeed, ilndeed, it is sad to think of the spoilt, the saddened li'e-so sad that I feel in capable of doing anythi g just now but putting mny pen down with a heavy sigh, wondering why girls who do flirt ahould generally have a better time of it than those who don't. 