HARUTED HUSBAND; on, dy Chetwynd's Spectre. ST Mr3. HAiicter LEWIS. CHAIITEI; XIX. tRl ELOTTEIS ALL BUSY. ?.:o for to-night," ra?ce muttered ,i2tonuse. "I must bide my catch my chance. It will come lnalo. The pale-faced young rir Lab-.face shall not crowd out -:itere from her rightful position iC:etwynd. I will destroy her :3 sa insect." -:k her hand in fierce menacing at :ciherhatred, and then, growing Ser own esaety, and not wishing -_rncnnter with GCilbert3Monk, she en the outside staircase, and was '"shciow of the trees almost with i.ir of thought. ' 'led hoerelf in a secure position di?ance. at a point commanding a ý'e doer of the chalet. :-.z. was immtediately discovered, - Ss?r fc now with me, Bernice. Ra -. -c. horme, I am positive. She dare risk a meeting with me. "le.snl worn out. Let me take you Fr:e assoon as possible. Flack .-:-in' in the neighborhood since ::me the news of your departure \- ?ri?t!le.and I found him in the Sp?r:k as I went back to the house. t:" Chetwynd-by Sea for a carriage "..! drive you over to Eastbourne "ie is to be in waiting at the ci:othe park, nearest the village. 'r;i'r clothes. It would he well to E. t:-e wet garments as soon as -? eted, and Monk went outside :.a:d closed the door. Young Lady c?.scored it on its inner side, again -:. t door at the foot of the stair, . .. her wet garments for Sraopidly as the swollen and Le her sprained wrist would -roa wcarmlyvclothed. She rolled e- ?p tarments and packed them t arlling.lb.i Her white '-.hoech hal so 'ably served in her 5::.s a spectre, was quite dry. \-- it cerefuliv. It had been .ibout her wait when she had te lake andu was not torn nor \- p?r the robe and thrust it into \--h.:-. She was attired in her encashmere robe and jacket, and . remained to put on her hat. was thus completing their attire, a?~Ti a, p,=t out the remaining fire, ":t' embers on the hearth, and '.thlight of the lantern, which . :o the closet from which he had = it. Then he arranged the furni .:?-ce:ee had piledup in the form ! t5e,in its s:sual order, and con \- .- Lady Chetwynd out of the .l':a otside while he locked the Ci .mice then placed her arm in ?.v ed onamong the shadows, Sla t and apprehensive lock ':?e. They wound along the "!: lry t!,hs, avoiding the wider ire., and lonce or twice they " : r:ic seat. that Bernice -::::t at Inst they approached *n olt cf the park, and the '-a: out upson the open high. ecarr a keyr to this gate," said -:l:dg thie key in question from :'i ncmrally cross the park i,'tthe Tilae. Here we are, and vo° thse box, whip in hand. He hat to the young lady and to his : Barnice into the vehicle. \- i abot aeeompanying her to f.- l Iate, l1. t the should be :hel'ark, and he had another :athil ni0ht-a tsask which he d mci l ni'ctssary to the success :' a I Iren to his own well. ' '.r'ld nt run any risk of : -::-- n. Ti, place her safely f Ircs. airowl was the first and .: i "": movrement to be mnade.. .at c itly of Iernice all his ' lI d.citlc,, therefore, to ~': ?" itr to Ejitlournp. . Crol's lodginc, Flack," be :t ?a inw voice with a piercing ."d him. " And he lively. We've o^:r betoe si, hand I have other o"n hand to.ni-ht." `: ta lightly into the vehicle and aTd?. The fly rolled heavily . ?-S its way to Eastbourne by t'' Yet out of sight, when the :!' disY, witch-like face of the old i: elt.n was pressed against the ,e gate, and te bead S-ittered as nRgee silently mut. t? . Crowl', :' A lon, drive He i a i Easthourne. 'To Mrsi. es at uastborne, eb h I'm orF'r bourne to-morrow. And he s on hand to-night ! What 1 nd thc a he is deeper than I :: t l bear watching. I'll know Sit; e: business' is. Missy won't Sb?ed. Iam absent all night. She Sadso I'll wait to watch him, lie 'iltbe ,ea tais gate by two s clock, and I'll be here, too." Meanwhile the antiquated fly and its oc cupants were promceding swiftly along the road to Cbetwynd-by.Sea They entered Eastbourne after a brisk drive, and Flack drove into the retired street in which Mrs. CGrowl had taken lodgings. Tihe fly presently Shalted before the door of a three-storied brick house, one of a row of similar ousues. " This is the place," said Monk, opening the door of the carriage and springing out. He assisted Bernice to alight. He helped her up, the steps and into the house. Mrs. Growl receivtd the young 'marchioness kindly atd respectfully, and with a- warmth that was very grateful to thegirl. The rela tions between the two had been from the first as mistress and servant, and Mrs. Crowl bad played her part so well as never to ex cite the girl's suspicions, . Mrs. Crowl lead the way up stairs, Bernice and Monk following. The woman ushered them into a pleasant little parlor, where lights anti a fire where burning, and drew up an easy:chair before the hearth. Bernice sank into the ch. ir, tired and very pale. ' Miss Gwyn has sprained her wrist," said Monk. ".You will know how to treat the ailment, Mrs. Crowl, without calling in a physician. To-morrow evening Miss Gwyn will be able to start for Mawr Castle, and you will take the express for London. You will stop at aiuiet hotel in town to-morrow night, and continue your journey the next day. I will be in London also to-morrow evening-going up on the same train with you, in fact, to make all sure. We will meet at the station. And now good nicht." He bent over Bernice and kissed her. Then he took his leave, and hurried down to the waiting carriage" and se. out on his re turn. When the fyir arrived upon the hill over looking the village of Chetwynd-by-Sea, MIonk called to the driver to stop. The order was promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed: "You can drive on, Flack, and return the fly to the inn. i'll walk home, and stretch my legs after this lone drive. You need not come to the Park to-morrow. Pay your bill at the inn in the morning, and go to East bourne. You are to take charge of Miss Gwyn and Mrs. Crow], and hare them at the station to.morrow night. 1 shall go tp to London by the same train." He dismissed his confederate by a wave of the hand, and the vehicle passed on in the distance. Monk walked briskly down the hill and into the silent village. He turned into the lonely church-yard among the graves, whose tall white headstones screened him from the possible view of any watcher, although the moonlight was still brilliant. Hecrept into the littleshaded stone porch, and lethimselfintotheechurch. It was then about two o'clock in the morning. It was past four, and the gray dawn was breaking, when he emerged from the church, wearied and worn and pale. Monk went on through the village and asn cended the hill beyond. At the lower gate of the Park he halted and let himself in, and hurried along the more obscure paths toward the house. The old Hindoo woman had watched and waited for him all these hours. She saw him enter the park, and one glance at hint as. sured her that his "other business" had been accomplished. She arose from her crouching position and - followed him stealthily homeward. "I've made a failure of it, after all," the old woman muttered. "His business lay in the village. Ituoncerned my lady in sonime way. But what was it 1 'd like to know Gilbert Monk's schemPs, but they all hinge on that girl. Hle means to preserve her life; I. mean to destroy it. Which will win?" The kitchen-maids were astir, and old Bagee, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no difficulty in slipping into the house unseen.iAt the servants' entrance. She glided up to the apartments of ,her mistress, whom she found sleeping. She passed on to her own room and changed her garments, and flugt herself on her bed, drooping asleep. It was somewhere about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned her. She was a light sleeper, awakening at a sound or touch, and now started up broad awake upon the instant. She folded her turban afresh, and hastened to the bed-chamber of her mis tress. Miss Monk was in bed, her head lying back upon her pillows, a fretful expres sion on her swarthy face. She was an noyed and curious, and she exclaimed petu lantly : "Why did you not sleep in my room last night as usual, Mnage ? Why where yon not here to undress me? I kept awake till near morning from sheer terror. 1 cannot be alone, and you know it." Rages at once told her mistress the story of her adventures during the night, Miss Monk listened in breathless eager ness. " Gilbert is the head and front of this ap. parition business," said Sylvia at length. " And yet why should he wish to ruin me? He rescued her from her tomb. It's all plain to me now. And be has some object in defendingher. But what can it be? He `did not love her." "I con see into the mystery," said the old Hindoo woman, her dusky face lighting. "The truth is he has discovered who she is. You know, Missy. she did not know her parentage. Gilbertlhas found outthe secret. She is of nC" olood; one can tell that by her haughty'air, her patrician beauty, her high breeding. She looks like a princess, at the Icast. I can see Gilbert's fgame now. Ieo means to allow you to marry my lord, and he will then restore my lady to her own Sfriends and relatives, and feather his own nest." "But. wh.t would then become of me? I should be no wife. I should be.set adriftr-" "Yes, Missy. But perhaps Mr. Gilbert would not permit things to o so far. Per haps he will not allow youS to marry my lord. Gilbert is a selfish fellow and means to look out for himself, and he won't care what becomes of you. I think he brought my lady here to play ghost. I think he means to exact a coed price from my lord and from Lady Chetywnd's relatives, and then restore her to them as one from the dead." Mlisrs Monk looked terrified. "What shall we do?" she whispered. "What Ishall we do, Rsgee P" "ITsave it all to me. We must not suffer Gilbert to suspect how muchl we know of his plans. I will outwit him and destroy the girl. Leave it to me, I say. ,My lady is at Mrs.Crowl's lodgings,' at Easthourne. You must send me to Eastbourne to-day, Missy, to match some of your embroideries or trimmings, or something." " lIut he will not keep herat Eastbourne, where she is known. He will take her to London, and conceal her there until he is ready to disclose the fact that she lives." . "Then I'll goo London, too," said the Hindoo, with a resolute gleam in bereyes. "I'llh be morethat a match for him" Miss Monk pit aside hlier chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to " steady her nerves." Then shie allowed herself to be dressed in her luxuriant Eastern style, ansl at nine o'clock was ready for- breakfast. She bade ia?gec await her return to her chamber, and descended to the breakfast room. Lord Chetwvynd was already there, and GilbLert Monk followed her immediately, lookine somewhat haggard and wearied. Miss Monk was very amusing, with a forced gaiety, but Chetwynd was un usually silent and abstracted. "" Anything I cnn do for you in town, Sylvia 2" inquired Monk, carelessly, as he received his second cup of coffee at the hands of the waiter. "IHave you any commands for jeweller, dressmaker, boot maker or milliner? I shall be pleased to execute any wish you may entertain. I am going up to London to- night." "Ab, indeedl" said Miss Monk. "If you will look in at Howell & James's. and inquire when my opnal bracelet will be finished, I shall be obliged. Shall you be gone long 7" " A day or so--lossibly a week. Scotoby N& Newman expect me, and business is bust. ness, you know." In the early evening, immediately after dinner, Gilbert Munk drove over to East. bourne, and to the slation. He arrived at the last moment, andil was ushered into a first-class compartment occupied by two veiled ladies, of whom oand was Lady Chet. wynd and the other Mrs. Growl. The train had begun to move, when the door of the second-class compartment ad. joining was hurriedly opened by the guarl, and a bent old woman, with a painted white face, gray hair, a frilled cap, and a huge scuttle bonnet, was pushed in, anil the door hastily shut upon her. This oid woman was Ragee, the liindoo I And thus, environed by her enemies, young Lady Chetwynd journeyed up to London. CHAPTER XX. IN A STATE OF UEoERTrAI'TY. On arriving at the London Bridge termi. nus, Gilbert Monk alighted from the first class coach lie had occupied with young Lady Chetwynd and Mrs. Crowl on the jour ney up from Eastbourne,and raising.hishat to them as to utter strangers, he crossed the platform anil entered a Ifansom cab, hidding the driver convey him to Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. Flack appeared from a second-class conclh near at hand, and escorted Lady Chetwynd and Mrs. Crawl to a four-wheeled cab, as si3ted them into the vehicle, mounted the box with the driver, and gave the same onlrder Monk had given-Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. An old bent woman-the Hidoo ayah cleverly disguised-bhad appeared from the second.class carriage adjoining the compart. mentoccupied by Lady Chetwynd, and heard the orders of Monk and Flack, and now en tered a cab and gave precisely the same order they had given-Ilaskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. In the course of an hour thereafter the three several parties were comfortably quartered in the quiet family hotel they had designated. The hour was late, and Gilbert Monk did not see Bernice again that evening. The Hindoo woman regis tered a false name, and ascertained that' Lady Chetwynd was registered as Miss Gwyn of Carnarvon. This discovery afforded the syah food for thought and speculation throughout the re. mainder of that night. The next morning, after eating a solitary breakfast in the coffee-room of the hotel, Gilbert Monk ordered a cab,'and went Up to Lady Chetwynd's privati parlor. He found her lying efpon a couch near the window, with hlier hair unMonfined, her face pale, and wearingan expression of physical sullering. Her white brows were contracted in pain, and she was manifestly unable to travel. Monk gave a start of dismay. "What is to be done?" lie asked, in a tone.of perplexity. "Shall I send for a physician ?" " She needs a day of rest, with warmth and stimulating food," eaid Mrs. Growl. "I can treat her as well as a physician could, Mr. Monk. I'll have her ready to start for Wales in a day or two." Monk reluctantly went out and dismissed his cab, and announced at the oflice of the hotel that he should prolong his ataya day or two further. He then returned to Lady Chetwynd's parlor with a parcel of morning papers, resolved upon making the best of a bad situation. lie found Mrs. Crowl concocting an egg. nog for the benefit of her patient. Bernice drank the preparation meekly, and presently dropped asleep. Mrs. Crowl pitnhed an arm-chair to the hearth, in convenient proximity to the chnir occupied by Monk, and-seated her self, her glances fixed upon the beautiful sleeper. "How lovely she is I" the womnan whis. pored. " She is superbly, radiantly beauti ful. And she is so frank, so honest, so gentle..so unsuspicious of harm I She is a real lady through and through. I should like to live with her always, Mr. Monk. I wonder how you ran have seci her grow beantiful under your very eyes, and become neccomplished and fit to adorn the Queen's drawing-rocm, and yet not fall in love with her 1" Monk's paper fell to his knees, and his swarthy face flushed with the consciousness of a new and suddenly conceived passion for Bernice. Mrs. Crowl read his flush and agitation aright. She lookcd amazed, then pleased. "Why, I never havu suspected that you love Miss Gwyn," she exclaimed. " It's something new even to you, 1 know, Mr. Monk. I am delighted sir, and I hope that if you win her you will allow me to remain with her always. I should ask no. thing better than tolive with Miss Gwynall my life." "I do not know what Miss Gwyn will say to a marriage with me," said Monk, thought. fully. "She likes me and trusts me, that I know. She trusta you also, and you might drop a word now and then about my devo. tion to her, and prepare her to receive favor ably, in good time, a proposal of marriage from me. If she marries me, Mrs. Crowl, you shall be her lady housekeeper, at a handsome salary, as long as you live." Mrs. Crowl's eyes sparkled with delight. "I advise you to let her know that you love her, sir," abshe whispered., "Give her something else to think of besides old troubles. Take my word for it. she'll feel : flattered and pleased, and she'll soon get used to the idea and like it. She loves you now as a sister; it's only a step further to love you as your bride." Monk's perceptions and intuitions not be ing of the'finest, be was glad to accept his eonfederate's estimate of Bernie,and to act I upon it. He resolved that he would do Snothing to lessen Bernice's trust in him, but i that he would delicately intimate to her, at the first suitable opportunity, that although Lord Chetwynd had forgotten her, there was one still who adored her, and would devote his life to her if she would permit him. SThe opportunity he desired did not occur before evenin.g, when, alter enting his din ner in the coffee.room, Monk retlriedu to Lady Chetwynd's ,arlor. The gans was lighted here, andl the curtains were drawu. The Sfire burned cheerily on the hearth, andl before it sat Lernice, still pale, but with a brighter look on her proud, dark face. Slhe looked stronger, too, than in the morning, and Sgreeted Monk withl asmile. He was delighted at the clsnve in her, and sat down near her, his face beamning. " I feared that you had retircd," he said, "but you are almost well again, Bernice. Mrs. Crowl is a pihysician as well as a nurse. I am persunded tiat you will be able to con tinue your journey in the morning." SMrs. Crowl appeared from the iinerroom, I attiredl for the street. "I suppose we arc to go on to tium cat!e Sto-morrow, Mr. Monk," she said," and I have a few purchases to make in town, so I must I make them to.night. Miss Gwyn was not so weak as I feared. Her wrist is better, I all the intlammation being gonle from itand sheis quite able to travel. I shall be back in an hour. having only to go into Oxford Sstreet, if Miss Gwyn will kindly allow me." Bernice gave assent, and Mrs. Crowl de parted. And now was come the opportlanitl Molek had craved, in which to tell Bernice his love for her. But how was lie to do it ? While he hesitated in what manner to be. gin his intended communication, Bernice broke the silence. "Gilbert," she said, hesitatingly, "I've been thinking to-day, during my few waking boors, of how strangely I am situated, You tell me that, having apparently died, and having actually been buried, I have Sceased to be Lord Chetwynd's wife. You have been kind.to me, G;ibert. You have saved my life twice; you have given me rare opportunities for improvemenl, and have been a noble brother to me. Roy will marry Sylvia soon, and I arm left utterly alone, with no futuer to look for. ward to. I can never hope to reward you for your goodness to me. I am a helploss burden upon you, and I know that you are. poor. I cannot consent to bea burden to you any longer." I What do you propose doing f" "I have no further interest in England. I want'to go somewhere where. I have at least a shadow of a claim upon some one. It is April, Gilbert, and ships can visit St. Kilda. I want you, as a last favor to me, to procure me passage to my old island home." Mlonk's face grew sober, even to sad ness. "You have. no home at St. Kilda now, Bernice," he said. ' I don't know how to tell you, but it is better to say the truth at once. Mr. and Mmrs. Gwellani were both drowned at ena last month, on a voyage from St. Kilda to Glasgow. It was in all the papers-a sad affair-" He paused, affrighted at the dead white ness of thegirl's face, and at the wild look in her great brown eyes. '"Dead I" she Faid. "Drowned?"" "Yes, ]Bernice. It was a terrible ,Cci dent. The boat --a fishing craftL-went down in a gale, with all on board." " Deadl- I-drowned I" .repeated the low, piteous voice, with its wild strain of incre dulity.' " Dead Oh, Ieaven !" The girl covered her face will, her hands. and was motionless and dumb in her great horriir and despair. Monk did not dare to break the silence. lie had expected tears and moans, and was awe-struck arld fright ened at the manner in which Bernice had received the fatal news. The slow minutes wore on. Bernice lifted her head at last, and turned toward him her white, anguished face, andti her eyes full of brooding hoitror. She hadl shed no tears, and Monk trembled as he looked upon a grief so mute, so terrible. S" They are all gone niw," she said, in her broken voice-all gone l Poor father and mother They are happy in heaven. It is better so. I would not have them back." " Mr. Gwellan was afflicted with heart disease, and was on his way to Scotland to consult a physician," said Munk, soothingly. "lie could riot have lived mruch louger, at the best. They have sent out a new minis ter to St. Kilda, and you may find no place there." "Is there a place anywhere for me 1" asked lBernice, brokenly. "..I have no right to any namb, no honme anywhere. 1 am only a dependent upon you. I did not mind that, Gilbert, when I expected to go back to Roy and to have means to repay you, at least for the money, you have expended on me so generously; but inow l 1 cannot be depenilent longer. If I have ceased to be Roy's wife, I have ceased tobe your sister. I shall no longer bhe adead weight ipon you." • "My poor little Bernice? What can I say to you ? You are no dependent upon me. I freely 'give you all I have. I loved you as a brother from the moment I saw you. It was that brotherly love that took mle to your tomb for a last look upon your face. It was that love that made me I refuse to believe you dead, even when Chetwynd had caused you to be put, as be rsupposed, for ever out of his sight. During tthes past fifteen months 1 have watched the unfolding of your beauty with tenderer t affection still. And now, Bernice, I love you with all my heart and soul. Come to me, Bernice. You are hot alone while I t live. Come to me, my darling. Be my wife, and let me devote my days to the task of making you happy." lie held out his arms to her, but she shrank from him, trembling like a leaf. S"And you, also I" she whispered.. "I I have lost my last friend. Ah,now I am in deed alone I" "I do not understand you, Bernice." "My friend is transformed into a lover," said Biernice, sorrowfully, "an.d I have lost a my friend." "But you have pained far more than you Shave lost, Bernice," said Monk, gently, yet r urgently. "You have gained some one to share your sorrows, to minister to you, to rejoice with you in your joys, to weep when I you weep; some one to whom the world is brighter because you live in it ; some one who, for your sake, strives every day to be a Sbetter and nobler man." " Oh, Gilbert ' Don't talk to me, like this I All I have left is my self-respect, and that I must maintain. To be perfectly frank with you, my French governess has repeatedly asked me what relationahip I bear to you, and has often told me that, if I were not your relative, nor a young lady of fortune under your guardianship, I ought to leave your protection, for my very name's sake. And so, Gilbert, I am not going back to Mawr Castle. I want you to crown all your obligations to me by letting me re main here at this hotel with Mrs. Crowl, until you can procure for me a suitable situ ation." " You are surely wild, Bernice. I shall not consent to - this absurd scheme of.self. support. If yon will not be my wife, you shall be my sister and ward, but I shall not let you go froem me. In time, I know I shall win you to bemy wife." He arose,tookher hand and felt her pulse. It was throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. lie feared to excite her by fur ther discussioni, anid to strengthen her in Sher new resolves by further combating Sthpm. After a few remarks, tliherefore, on indifferent subjects, and an expression of I sympathy in her bereavement of her foster Sparents, Monk took his departure. He closed the door behind him softly, and went down stairs and out into the street, half angry withl himself forbhaving broached thie subject of his love until after Sylvin's marriage to Lord Chetwynd. On Bernice being left to herself, her thoughts reverted to her foitcr-parents, and thire tears thaet hadl rcfrused to fall before fell now in a heavy rain. The violence of her grief soon exhausted her. 'P.dle, and wvith short, sobbing breaths, she lay backin hercchair like a flower nearly beaten out of life by some fearful storm; and as she lay there the dloorsoftly opened, Sand an old woman in the rusty alpaca gown, I a scuttle bounct, andl a heavy black lace veil Sover her face, slowly anri silently entered the room, closing the door behind her. It r wasthe llindoon ayah. SThe old East Indian nyabh's disguise was I perfect, andl Bernice could not have detected under it her mortal enemy. It must have been, then,some subtle instinct that warned young .Lady Chetwynd of tie near presence of danger. She rose up swiftly anal silently and retreated toward the door of hier bed Sroom adjoining, her big brown eyes dilating, anid her white face, undler all its cali bravery, indicating a quick, op.smodic terror. "This is a prirvate room, madam," she said, with a gesture toward the door, en Sdeavoring tc speak quietly. t The disguisel nyah came a pace nearer. L Something in her stealthy movement, like the springing step of a tiger, reminded Iler I nice of the flindoo woman, andl slhe knew her under all her disguise. Ths young 1 marebioness made-a further rereert. "'If yor do not withdraw immediately," said her ladyship, "I shall ring this bell." IThI ayal t fumbled rt hier pocket and drew forth a soiled ecrap of poper, on which some words were written. Then sire moved to ward young Lady Chetwynd, extending the palper as'she did so ; and Bernice's sharpened vision caught the gleam of a glass vial in the woman's hand. 'The young girl had conceived an awful terror of the stealthy ]Iindoo. She knew that the woman had followed her up to London with intent to kill her; and on the moment, as the woman thus approached her with the extended document, the girl sprang back into her own room, and closed the door and bolted it, in a panic of affright The act announced to the Hindoo nyah that her identity was discovered, and that nothing remained for tier hut retreat. She made the retreat immedintely,alipping back to her own room, and leaving her door ajar. She had barely thus hidden herself, when she hdard a rustling sound in the corridor, and beheld from the gloom of tiher dlarkened room the powerful figure of Mrs. Crowl, as that person, laden with parcels, passed into Lady Chetwynd's parlor. Bernice had told Mrs. Crowl of tier sinister visitor, but both supposed that the Hindoo woman hall quitted the house, and they did not consider• it wise to raise a futile alarm. The various excitements of the evening had altogether proved too much for Bernice to eadure calmly, and she went to her bed. Mrs; Growl sat up to acquaint Monk with the fact of the Hlindoo woman's visit. Gilbert Monk was passing tihe door on his way to his own room about tell o'clock, when Mrs. Growl, recognising his step, went out and called him into Lady Chetwynd's parlor. She told him of Itagee's visit, and he listened in horror and amazement. "It seems, then," said Monk, " that the old Hindoo witch has discovered Bernice's assumed name. She must have followed up up from Eastbourne to this very hotel. She means death to Bernice.' We must watch our charge. \Vi will leave London in the morning, and we must contrive to throw that witch off our trail. If she were once to know the way to Mawr castle, Bernice would never be safe. This is a bad business. I am uneasy-afraid." lie went up to his room with a gloom upon him that he could not shake off. Meanwhile Bernice, alone in herpwn bed. room, was not asleep. She was thinking. She reviewed in detail all the events of tier short life. Site realised her desolation. Site said to herself that she was forgotten by all who knew her, and that there was no place for her on earth as Bernice Chetwynd. Shite shrank from living longer dependent upon Gilbert Monk. Shei believed now that lie expected a recompense for all his care of her in the shape of her hand in marriage. Loving her husband with all her heart, she could not-mrarry 'Monk. And, strangely enough, now that Monkt had avowed for her a love deeper than the love of a brother, she began toshtink front him and to feel a sense of repulsion against him. She must earn hei livingsome time; why nothegin at once? She was fully competent to instruct children ; why should sie not do so I She could not return to Mawr Castle, and Monk would not 'consent to allow her to leave hiscare. Slhe must, then, if she in tonded to help herself, go away secretly. Andt in stealing away from thlose she be lieved to be her friends, Bernice believed that she -Gonld also escape from the one she knew to to be her enemy. She began to be in haste to be gone. At daybreak Bernice was up and dressed. Mrs. Crowl had not visited her during the night, and was now sleeping heavily in tier own room on the other side of the parlor. Bernice had put on hertravelling costume, her only outer garments at command. tier little bag had been packed by Mrs. Crowl for travelling. Sihe put on her hat, and then sat down at her window, emptied her pocket-book in her lap, and counted her small hoard of money, finding that she pos ocssel some lifteen pounds. She put her pocket-book in her bossom, and buttoned her dress and jacket over it. She tied on her acart and her doubled gray grenadine veil. She was all ready to start and began to find a positive relief in the thought of battling with the world for her bread. She waited a little till the tide of shop girls began 'o move along Picadilly towards Regent Circus, and then, with her •heart throbbing wildly, she arose and unfastened her door, and stole into her private parlor, bag in handl. She could hear Mrs. Crowl breathing heavily. She crossed the Ilopr and let her self out into the corridor. Gilbert Monk was sleeping in his room, and old Ragee was also asleep in her chamber opposite, unsus picinus of the fact that her prey was escap. ing her. Bernice glided down the stairs unnoticed. She paused in the lower hall. The door at the private entrance was open, and a boy was engaged in scouring the stone steps. As Bernice appeared, he straggled out into the street to speak to a passing shop.boy, and young Lady Chetwynd passed out at the bpen door into the street unchal longed.-(To be Conr/irrud.) TuERE was ones a Scotch farmer flamed for his strength, who was often challenged by people from a distance who had heard of his reputation. One day there arrived from London Lord D., a well-known amateur pugilist. He found the Soot working in a field. "Friend," said his lordship, after first tying his hores to a tree, " I have come a long way to see which of us is the best wrestler." Without sayirg a word the farmer seized him around the middle, pitched him over the hedge, and resumed his work. llis lordship alowly gathered himself to gether, whereupon the farmer said : . ,Well, have you anything more to nay to me !" " No," replied Lord D., " but perhaps you'll be so good as to throw mr my horse." Ms. ltnw?x?o used often to speak to friends of the only occaiin on which he ever spoke to tihe queen. Some years ago, the late Dean of Westminster and Lady Augusta Stanley invited him among others to tea at the Dearery to meet the queen, and Carlyle was one of the party. The queen began to talk to Carlyle and expresed her opinions on some matter with which he differed, and he, as usual, contradictedl her and silenced her. As the queen left the room, she stopped at the door to speak to Mr. Browning and anygood- bye, remnarking: "What a very extraordinary man Mr. Carlyle is ! Does ihe always talk like that l I never mot him before." Mr. Browning was only able to assure her that it was his invariable custom. A stony is told of a certain mayor elof Cork who headed a deputation to tire late Emperor of the French, and commenced an oration to his majesty in what he conceived to be the French tongue. "Pardon me," said the emperor, nafter he had lirstened to the speech with much paticnee; "English I know fairly well; but I regret eo say, I have never had an oppor tuniry of studying the Irish language." l.sz::zen: "I saw hers. Iendall in 'A Scrap of Paper' the other night." Dazzler: "And they call her a moral woman ! Well, I should like to see my wife exhibiting herself in that make-up." Two Irishmen walbing along Sutter street stopped under a sign printed in Hebrow let ters. "An' what's that, Moike?"asked one. "Begorra, I duno but el Oi had moi flute, hang mo et Oi wuldn't trol to play it." Tilr difference between a bachelor and a h banker is that one is i lonesome fellow and "he other is a loean sum fellow. 