ODDS AND ENDS. The ghost scare which lately arose in a. number of schools in Berlin, and lias since spread to the suburbs, has assumed the cha racter of a nervous disease. In one school a panic luis been created by a young girl who was frightened by a window curtain flapping in the wind, and there have been similar occurrences tn several schools attended by children of the upper class. The educational authorities have taken energetic measures to allay the exeitement. The tale of the old onk chest seems to have I been recently repeated in the neighborhood of Doncastor. A young lady, well known in society, having returned from her ride, was. suddcnly lost, and not all the efforts of the household or of the county police were sue. ccssful iu finding her whereabouts. After some lti hours or more of fruitless search a faint lapping was. heard over the spacious hall, which, after some difficulty, was tracej to a hitherto unknown door in an apartment, above. The lady, it appears, having found this opened as a joke shut herself in and afterwards, finding it impossible tore-open it, lay down to sleep and from all accounts slept soundly nearly the whole time of her imprisonment. The number it has always plaveil an im portant part in Bismarck's life. The arms of his family bear over the motto ' In trinitate robur' three trefoil leaves anil three oak leaves ! all caricatures of him represent him with three hairs on his head ; he has tlireii children, Herbert, Williclm, and Marie ; he has three estates, Friedriclisruhe, Varzin and Schonhauscn ; he has fought in three wars, and signed three treaties of peace ; lie ar ranged the meeting of the three Emperors, and established the Triple Alliance, l-'inally lie lias had under him three political parties, the Conservatives, the National Liberals and the Ultramontanes ; and lie has served tlireu German Emperors. An amusing 'aiul absolutely true story is running the rounds of the Press in So'utli America, and it is one which is peculiarly characteristic of British pluck and hmmt'i ancc. Whilst the Government and insurgent forces were face to face in the recent Argen tine abortive revolution, pouring deadly volleys of bullets into each other's ranks, an English tourist anil his wife, arrayed in all the traditional equipments of puggarees, etc., quietly pushed their way through General lloca's troops, and, taking their stand in the very front, coolly levelled their field glasses to survey the fight, with the same sang froid with which they should have witnessed a sltam combat at home. General ltoca — who since lias become Minister of tho Interior — was so struck by their courage and inveterate love of siglit-sccing at whatever risk, thai, turning round to an aide-de-camp he re marked, ' No wonder tho English arc the ruling l-acc.' The incident occurred in the Calle Lcvallc at Buenos Ayrcs. The horrible sight of a men slowly roasting to death by a live electric wire was witnessed recently in Thirty-fifth-street, Broadway, by thousands of people who were powerless to aid him, being afraid to touch liim. For fifteen minutes they watched awful sight of a man caught and held among the network of wires strung overhead at the top of a pole by the safety straps which prevented his falling. The spectators who had poured out of tin; neighboring theatres, which had just closed, stood rooted to the spot with horror while the electric fluid passed through and through his body. The blue flame issued from his mouth and from within the clenched hands. The sparks appeared at his knees und began to slowly burn, while a cry of agony could be heard by everyone near. He hung there till an expert electrician happened to pass, borrowed a rubbr coat, climbed the pole and cut the man down. Before reach ing tho hospital he was dead. 