FACTS, DREAMS, AND SHAMS. [A lecture delivered before the Australian Natives Association, b,y Mr. P. McM Glynn.] I confess, gentiemen, it was not without dome misgiving, that, after tlifi hii-moll of thn uetii^ng waa overj j remembered my promise «o deliver a lecture to your Asosciation. It is easy enough to till the leisure of an hour with an address upon some catch subject, but one who has for audience the members of a Society formed to teach the young Australian idea how to shoot is expected to say something as well as talk. For a time I found it rather difficult to hit upon a subject. One could be excused for selecting an old one only by an originality of treatment which is beyond my powers, while the explanations of the critics have been bo exhaustive that there is scarcely an undis covered fact left upon which a fiction could bo founded. On taking up your syllabus I found a blank opposite my name. I was set down for a lecture, but upon nothing. To lecture upon that waa out of the question, fur I am no longer a member lof Parliament, and I believe you don't allow lawyers to address you in their professional capacity. Nothing, however, suggested some thing cognate to itself. Most of the originali ties of life are but commonplaces new dressed. The great minds of the world, from Shaks pcare downwards, show their power in nothing mere pointedly than in dealing with the trite truths of humanity. They are profound and clear, because elemental and simple ; they show us our own lights, for genius is chiefly a dineoverer. It speaks what others already feel, and tells the story of our lives in a flash of inspiration. Goethe says that the mystery of the universe is an open secret — at secret open to all, but seen by almost none. The great poets disclose this secret, and tpeak to us of the realities that lie behind all appearances. Now one of the most venerable of commonplaces is that we live in a world of shams. Pecksniff is but a type to which we all more or less approxi mate, and from which distance is the measure of merit. How would it be to deliver a short lecture on delusions. I certainly could not complain of lack of matter. We have all had enough of them, from the day when we first felt, as Novalis puts it, that 'every beloved object is the creature of a Paradise,' till that paternal Michael gave us our walking papers from that earliest Eden; from the time when a little arrangement in smiles, petticoats, and primroses emptied our hearts till now that the little sequels of Hymen are helping to empty your pockets. Well, when thinking on delu sions, I settled in facts, dreams, and shams. We have been told over and over again by poets revealing thought and by ryhmers in want of a theme that there is nothing real in life. 'Our life, 'says St. James, 'is but a vapour,' and Pindar calls man ' the dream of a shadow.' 'Life,' says Jeremy Tay lor, through whom I have borrowed from Pindar, 'is but appearing; it is not so much a mist, not the matter of a shower, not substantial enough to make a cloud, but it is like Cassiopeias chair, or Pelop's shoulder, or the circles of heaven, phainomena for which you cannot have a word that can signify a verier nothing,' There is a school of philosophers called Transcendentalists who say that matter has no existence, that it is really but a mass of appearances, or a name for the causes of certain changes in our bodily or mental organs, which cause has, neverthe less, no existence outside ourselves. Accord ing to these philosophers the coincidence of a skull with a blackthorn stick or saucepan is properly expressed in the language of meta physics, or in terms of the mind ; the skull, the shillelagh, and the saucepan are pure fictions, mere intangible phenomena expressive of certain mental changes. This is a vary delightful philosophy, but it unfortu nately won't square with the vulgar facts of daily life. Perhaps it was an aspiration for something higher than its disciples expressed. The earth and all its glories, says Carlyle of Novalis, were to him but a vapour and a dream, and the beauty of goodness the only real possession. The rest were but shadows of the infinite, in themselves air and nothingness. When the optical sunbeams of one of Heine's inamorata warmed him back to life and she passed on, the main thing was that she left him alive. 'Others may,' said he, 'if they choose, enjoy the good fortune of having their lady love adorn their graves with garlands and water them with the tears of fidelity. Oh, women ! hate me, laugh at me, jilt me — but let me live ! Life is all too laughably sweet, and the world too delightfully bewildered ; it is the dream of an intoxicated God, who has taken French leave of the carousing multitude of immortals, and has laid himself down to sleep in a solitary star, and knows not him self that he creates all that he dreams, and the dream images form themselves in such mad, variegated fashion, and often so har moniously reasonable — the Iliad, Plato, tho brittle of Marathon, Moses, Medician Venus, Strasburg Cathedral, the French Revolution, Hegel, the steamboat— but it will not last long, and the god awakes and rubs his sleepy ryes and smiles, and our world has run to nothing — yes, has never been.' It is excus sible, though not quite pertinent, to refer to Heine's philosopher, whose body was the nearest proof of the transcendental theories that could be found. He consisted of nothing but ' soul and plasters, and yet he studied night and day as though he feared lest the worms might find a few ideas missing in his head.' Heine himself became at last like his philosopher, and scarcely had body enough left to stick with the arrows of his own cynical and inimitable wit. The world was more a farce than a dream to him, scarcely worth living through but for its love episode and tragedies. Another writer of the must delicate sensibility and tender humour, to whom life was a dream, was De Quincy. To him the tenure of man's enjoyments was short, himself a mere capacity for criticism or pathetic love. 'There is no end,' he writes, 'there never will be an end of the lamentations which ascend from earth and the rebellious heart of her children upon this huge opprobrium of human pride — the everlasting mutabilities of all which man can grasp by his power or by his aspirations, the fragility of all which he inherits, ami tho hollowness visible amid the very raptures of enjoyment to every eye which looks for a moment under neath the draperies of the shadowy present, the hollowness, the blank treachery of hollow ness, upon which the pomps and vanities of life ultimately rejoice.' Such pathetic dwellings upon the emptiness of human aspirations, and the vanity of all earthly things, are peculiar to minds of delicate texture. The tough sensi bilities of the crowd are proof against despon dency. To the average member of society, especially in these hustling times, life is very real ; it has a short past, but little future, for the reflective tendency is too weak to strike a balance between past hopes and present facts, or to paint the perspective of the future with impossible colours. If our own Lindsay Gordon had been cast in the average mould, his songs would not have bi jn set in the minor key. To such men life was a dream, simply because they saw it in the bright light of their aspirations. They spent their moments of inspired solitude in a world of fancy, in which everything was that was desired, in which memory and hope had no place, and change was out of order ; where there are veritable Cleopatra whose infinite variety age cannot wither nor custom stale ; where the fountains of sympathy never run dry, and a fellow kisses his sweetheart for centuries along the flowery paths of courtship, and chooses his own time to bar the entail of her affections at the altars of Hymen. It is in such dreams that minds tuned to the harmonies of the world live, not among the jarrings and discords of the weekly round. Scott's Antiquary, as Ruskin reminds us, hated greetings in the market-place and the loiterers in the streets who persecuted him either about the events of the day or about some petty pieces of business. Both Monkbarns and Scott hated to be drawn back out of their far-away thoughts or forward out of their long-ago thoughts by any manner of daily news, ' whether printed or gabbled.' Scott, it must be remembered, was no repiner. The healthy vigour of his mind was never weakened by 'the pathetic fallacy ;' he never indulges in the feverish wailings, sickly homi lies, and theatrical sentimentalities which the common muck of writers pass off as very fine pathos. He takes his facts from the whole round of life, from its joys and sorrows, as destiny gives them, and then leaves them to point their own moral. But even Scott lived chiefly in the shadowy world of imagination and in dreams of the impossible. To him, as to tho great Master— We are such stuff as dreams are made of, And our little life is rounded with a sleep. Some dabble in paradoxes and apothegms has said that every woman is a revelation. I dare say she is— after marriage. Every feminine woman has, at all events, at some time or another revealed the mystic depths or shallows of a male mind, and exhibited a fleshy epitome of romantic dreams. 'Thy little life,' says Jean Paul Richter, 'is the sigh of nature, or only its echo.' What a dreamcr was Richter. He kicked and tossed worlds about like footballs, and made stepping stones of the fixed stars as he tramped the universe. Herder said of him when dead that he looked upon him aloft and among the stars as in his naturul place, and as one but little changed from what he was, except by the blot ting out of his earthly sorrows. 'Child- hood,'' says Richter in that terrible fiwer piece of his, 'The Atheist's Dream,' and especially its terrors and raptures, once more assume wings and brightness in our dreams, and play like glow worms in the little night of the soul. Crush not these little fluttering sparks. Leave us even our dark painful dreams, as relieving middle tents of reality. And what could compensate us for these dreams which bear us away from beneath the roar of the waterfall into the moun tain heights of childhood, when the stream of life yet silent in its little plain, and a mirror of heaven, flowed towards its precipices.' It would seem then that the ideal is the only real, If I mistake not Schiller thus explains the power of sculpture in giving per- manence to a single concept or abstraction of beauty, whose truth is beyond the whims and fashions of ages. The dreams in which poets live— and every person of sensibility is more or less a poet, though a dumb one — may be the essential facts or episodes of human life; abstractions from universal experience, which are as true now as they were 3,000 years ago, and which constitute the native element of that 'paragon of animals,' man, with his ' Godlike reason' and infinite yearnings. At all events the life of every mother's son of us from Adam downwards — though, I believe, Adam wasn't a mother's son — would best like to live, is an abstraction, a life with one of those impossible shes, who are always in prospective, in a little nook shel tered from the rough winds of the world, where needy friends intrude not, nor do creditors call. Richter, or some other Germanic Titan, said something to the effect that music raised in him dreams of the im possible. What a talisman it is; what an open sesame to the recesses of the heart. In one sense it is like a woman. She, when in full blossom, with soul and body in perfect tune, is the realized ideal of an individual life, a symphony of hopes and fears, desires and despondencies, of dreams of what might have been, and thoughts of what never can be. I dare say you have all some time or another felt this ; I know I have more than once. Let me again appeal to Heine. 'The young girls of Trent, " says he, 'pleased me exceedingly well. They were of a species I love, and I do love those pale, elegaic faces from which the great black eyes beam so much with love ; I love, too, the dark tinge of those proud necks, which Phoebus has already loved and kissed brown ; I love, too, those over-ripe napes, whereon are purple little spots, as though dainty birds had been pecking at them ; but above all I love that general port and walk, that mute music of the body, those limbs which move in the sweetest rhythms, voluptuous, pliant, divinely sensual, death-languid at one time, and at another ethereally sublime, and ever and always most poetic. I love such things as I love poetry itself, and the melodiously moving forms,this wondrous human concert which rushed past me, found an echo in my heart and waked kindred tones.' Well, music appeals to human sympa thies and emotions in much the same way. It flatters ; so does woman, though she accom plished the negative impossibdity of never opening her mouth. You remember how music's golden tongue 'flattered to tears' the ancient headsman in 'Keats's Eve of St. Agnes,' and how it tells of what the dead years were in their brightest, and gives back the sweet fragrance of the pretty flowers of life's spring. Perhaps, in passing, a word or two upon the local relations of music and culture may not be out of place. Most of us have read that interesting dissertation upon economic aspira tions, Bellamy's 'Looking Backward,' in which we are told that beyond the joys and sorrows, the loves and strifes, the 'whisperings from Paradise and fierce mockeries from the anarchy of chaos' of a century and a quarter, there is waiting for the generations of the future a perfect social state, in which life's harmonies will be no longer troubled by the notes of suffering, bulls and bears will have no place on " 'Change," and music through the whole gamut of its varieties from the cock a-doodle-do songs of the matter-of-fact, well fed son of Old England to the world melodies of Mozart and the symphonies of Beethoven may, like water and gas, be turned on with a tap. Well, this may be but a dream towards which life will approximate. At all events, it helps to show us eome of the many defects of contemporary civiliza tion. The softer and humanizing in- flnences of life are neglected, the fleshy recommendation is the only one that takes. The English were never a very musical race. I say very to disarm criticism, and still further will fall back on authority to escape re sponsibility. Any one who hugs the illusion that the English are a very musical race had better go for De Quincey. He speaks of the obtuseness of his country in regard to one and the most effective of the fine arts — music ; an obtuseness which is associated with pre eminence in both forms of the highest poetry, epic and tragic. 'If therefore,' he says, 'in every mode of composition through which the impassioned mind speaks, a nation has excelled its rivals, we cannot be allowed to suspect any general defect of sensibility as a cause of obtuseness with regard to music.' So little, however, is the grandeur of this divine art suspected among us generally that a man will write an essay deliberately for the purpose of putting on record his own preference of a song to the most elaborate music of Mozart ; he will glory in his shame, and, though speaking in the character of one seemingly con fessing to a weakness, will evidently view him self in the light of a candid man, laying bare a state of feeling which is natural and sound, op posed to a class of false pretenders who, whilst servile to rules of artists, in reality contradict their own musical instincts, and feel little or nothing of what they profess ! In Australia we have, of course, a racial mixture, but the colour of our aesthetic culture, if I may affect the conventional terminology, is English. The most marked tendency which it is happily one of the functions of your Association to counteract is to refer everything to the material standard, and take its effect upon the balance-sheet as the final test of its worth. For this reason a proposal to establish a national orchestra would probably be laughed at, and the author credited with the possession of an inadequate number of shingles. The thousands which have been squandered on empty ceremonials in declaring, for instance, that a new railway line is open for traffic, a fact which a two- and-sixpenny advertisement would have published more eifectively, would have supplied the capital fund for a State subvention of a bard worthy of the name. But the ceremonial hunters, who never fail to assist at the obsequies of oysters and champagne when the State pays the undertaker, cannot countenance anything associated with the civilities of life. Philanthropy has here an admirable sphere. Those of our rich men who care to either earn or buy a reputation could scarcely turn their cash to better account than in bringing the civilizing and healthy enjoyment of good music within easy reach of the people. If, as Ruskin says, ' the art, or general productive and formative energy of any country is an exact exponent of its ethical life,' the develop ment in a way so pleasurable, of a less coarse, or more delicate, whichever you wish, musical sensibility, must be a great aid to popular culture. Every one is more or less an idealist, and whatever of dreaming contentment or sweet regret are possible to him he is made sensible of by that power which the poet tells us — made tigers tame And huge leviathans to dance on sands. If it were not for the probability that you would mistake it as a substitute for ' God Save the Queen' I would make a short reference to Ibsen. Crits, amateur and professional, have dealt with that writer as if he were a dramatist who incidentally moralizes rather than a moralist who adopts the dramatic outlet as the most commendable and effective one for reaching the respectabilities of society. In esti mates of dramatic character no allowance has been made for necessary emphasis— but I find I am drifting into the tactics of that wily practi tioner of the Roman Old Bailey, Cicero, who lamented that the law of evidence did not allow him to dwell upon certain facts, which he immediately proceeded to set forth in detail. Ibsen, you know, is a hater of shams, which is only another way of saying that the compass of his benevolent antipathy is exceedingly wide. God knows the ways of individuals, and the conventions of society are hollow enough. Discourse has become so hyperbolical (nothing like a good mouth-filler when a fellow is dealing with extravagances) that one is obliged to pitch higher than the truth to give scope for the customary discount. No doubt it would be a serious matter for society if truth were made the order of the day, and custom did not sanction a little charitable lying. Free entertainment in a princely home Is little valued when it's coupled with The disadvantage of a dwelling-place Where every one is bound to speak the truth. So says Gelanor in Gilbert's 'Palace of Truth.' I am sure that Providence pardons the service able crammers with which a fellow wheedles a pretty little sweet-and-twenty out of the relics of her heart. But if the stony hypocrisy that too often passes for religion, and the claptrap and cant that pass for politics, have got an ill-ventilated limbo in the next world I am afraid that the principle of compensation is not so perfect as Emmerson would have us believe. That apostle of democracy, Walt Whitman, asks us to look behind the mask of contemporary humanity and see what we find. "The spectacle is appalling. We live in an atmosphere of hypocrisy throughout. The men believe not in the women, nor the women in the men. A scornful superciliousness rules in literature. The aim of all literateurs is to find something to make fun of. A lot of Churches, sects, &c;, the most dismal phan- tasms I know, usurp the name of religion. Conversation is a mass of badinage. From deceit in the spirit, the mother of all false deeds, the offspring is already incalculable. . . The great cities reek with respectable as much as non-respectable robbery and scoundrelism. In fashionable life, flippancy, tepid amours, weak infidelism, small aims or no aims at all, only to kill time. In business (this all devouring modern word, business) the one sole object is, by any means, pecuniary gain. The magician's serpent in the fable ate up all the other serpents ; and money-making is our magician's serpent, re- maining to-day sole master of the field. The best class we show is but a mob of fashionably dressed speculators and vulgarians. True, indeed, behind this fantastic farce, enacted on the visible stage of society, solid things and stupendous labours are to be discerned, existing crudely and going on in the background, to advance and tell themselves in time. Yet truths are none the less truths. I say that our new world democracy, however great a success in uplifting the masses out of their sloughs, in materialistic development, products, and in a certain highly deceptive, superficial, popular intellectuality, is so far an almost complete failure in the social respects, and in really grand, moral, and aesthetic results." This is a rather stiff indictment, but capable of being in the main sustained. Re member by whom it is made — not by one of those blind and conceited worshippers of the old order, who believe that intellect and tone are the monopoly of privilege and birth, but by the greatest living interpreter of the democratic spirit. 'Nobility, ' says Burke, 'is a graceful ornament to the civil order. It is the Corinthian capital of polished society.' Whitman asks for a scientific estimate and reverent appreciation of the people — of their measureless wealth of latent power and capacity, their vast artistic con trasts of lights and shades— with, in America, their entire reliability in emergencies, and a certain breadth of historic grandeur of peace or war, far surpassing all the vaunted samples of book heroes, or any haut ton coteries in all the records of the world. But Whitman does not look on the people with the eye of a politician, and substitute ultimate ideals for present facts. He does not think that because the voice of the people is not the voice of the devil it must therefore be the voice of God. He knows that cant and make belief were never more effective than at present; that shams are not only tolerated, but courted; that blatherskite commonly goes down where sense fails ; that what the public call politics chiefly consists in the manipulation of electoral machinery, and the fetch ing generalities called claptrap pass for profound policy ; that the moderates, trimmers, and plausible persons of the class which Dante says were too colourless for the devil's taste and not good enough to pass the celestial janitor are among the elect of the political world. The growing danger of young democracies like ours is the apathy of honest men and the activity of schemers. The one is the complement of the other. Those of the electors who are capable of political thought are too indolent to cultivate a wholesome opinion on public questions and leave the con- duct of public affairs to men who acquire power by bribing venality to dupe ignorance. The machinery of politics is worked for the benefit of the candidate with the longest purse and most accommodating opinions. A very keen observer and deep thinker has said that in America government by the people has in a large degree become, is in a larger and degree becoming, government by the strong unscrupulous. 'The chameleon,' says Swift, 'who is said to feed on nothing put air, has of all animals the nimblest tongue. It is also to the witty Dean that we are indebted for the remark that when a man of genius appears in the world he is known by the sign that the dunces are all in confederacy against him. I can very well leave these witticisms to suggest their own application. But I must respect your patience and bring my apology for a sub- ject to an end. Perhaps after all the difference is but one of time between realities and dreams; that youth idealizes the future and old age the past. The fairy land of childhood lies before it and the heaven of old age behind. The 'aching joys' and 'dizzy raptures' of life's springtime are felt chiefly in memory, for every youngster of sensibility galls under the yoke of minority and longs for the years that bring the sense of power, while Paradise is seen in retrospect in the winter of our days. Thou hast nor youth, nor age, But, as it were, an after dinner's sleep Dreaming on both. There are places on earth, says Professor Wilson, that we shudder to revisit, even in a waking dream, beneath the meridian sunshine. They are haunted by the ghosts of thoughts that glorified the dawn of our prime. But if man is, as Sir Thomas Brown says, 'a noble animal, splendid in ashes, pompous in the grave, he must rise above the enervating despondency of his meditative hours, and face his appointed task with some of the gladness of Nature in his heart and with a stoical in difference to what fortune may bring. 