An Avenue of Cedars. Funeral of a Japanese Girl. The Japanese, when thoy entombed, at Nikko, lyevosu, one of their greatest statesmen and heroes, the founder of the Tokugawn dynasty of military rulers, whose power came to an end only with tho revolution of 1868, after lasting threo centuries — planted better than they knew when they built an almost straight road Tokio te the Bucred ground at 2Tikko, lined the greater distance on cither hand with pines and cedars, whose fragrant breath the giimt tops pcrfumo and shadow the path. Since then 300 years have come and gone, adding year by year ring growths, till now these forest giants guard the way, mature and vigorous, ns if age only added to their strength. This avenue of cedars reaches nlmost 40 miles of the way from Tokio to Jiikko. I have seen avenues of oaks at Windsor and Buck ingham, maybe two miles or over long ; hut think of it ! a roadwuy graded level, about 20 feet wide, curbed at both sides, with living water running, and with steeply sloping banks from 6 to 12 feet high, and upon theso in an endless pro cession the great cedars of Japau. I wonder if the world elsewhere can match it. Noble trees impress most people ; with me, never before had I felt the dignity, the majesty, that trees like these could give as an expression of human emotion. The desire whioh tho descendants and suc cessors of the great Iyeyasu had to em body in a fitting way their reverence for his — to them — godlike-powers could not possibly have been displayed in a grander manner than is seen to-day in this won derful avenue of cedars. They stretch along mile after mile, sometimes only singly in a straight line close together, the swelling bases quite touching each other, and then they 6tretch out in couples and triplets. Often twin trees seem to spring from one base. Nowhere is there absoluteness of straight line, but everywhere that delightful unbalanced symmetry peculiar to Japanese art and whicb Nature only teaches. The cedars vary in diameter from two feet to six feet. Tho hark is reddish, thin, and close set in rather narrow parallel strips. The trunks are straight and uniformly round, retching 50 to 75 feet in hight before branching much, and reaching an altitude of 130 to 180 feet. The branches are not large in proportion to the trunks, so that trees stand close together, interlacing their shade. We entered this avenue from tho rail way station, TTtsu-no-miya, at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, having arranged for jin-rikishas and extra men to pull us all the way to Nilcko, expecting to reach there before dark, hut it was nine Japanese ri, equal to about 23 English miles, and a moderate up-grade all the way, and it wus 9 o'clock that night before we reached Nikkq. Solemn nnd imposing indeed was the shadowed way during the afternoon hours and short twilight, but doubly solemn as night settled down and nothing could he distinguished. Tho jin-riki-shamcn seemed to feel their way with their feet. A paper lantern with a tallow candle lighted the space that a firefly would. The banks of the roadway were quite above our heads, but one after another we could see the great trunks of the cedars leading' up till lost ' in the upper darkness. Every now and then the riky men would strike us by "Ha," then " Sh," " Soiya," the expression of warning, and then some gray ghost of a belaced traveller would silently glide by. Then we would see glimmering lanterns ahead and long stretches of pack-horses loaded with charcoal, baled rice, anil bamboo poles would go noisily by. There was no wind, no insect sounds. At in tervals of two or three miles we would eome to a largo village built on cither side of the road, at which point the avenue of cedars ceases, only to commence solidly and uninterruptedly again at the end of the village street. At Nikko the avenue practically ends, and there are the largest and oldest of the cedars group themselves in forest-like masses around the great Shogun's tomb. A Japanese Eunehax. _ The eldest daughter of Otani Kahci, a rich rice merchant of Yokohama, died four days ago, 15 years of age, and to day I witnessed, the funeral procession as it passed along one of the main streets of the city. It was nearly a mile in length, and contained probably 1,000 persons, including mourners, friends, priests and flower-bearers. First came six great bouquets or stands of flowers arranged in a conical form, each about 8 feet high, 2 feet in diameter at the bottom, tapering to tbe top. These con sisted of alternate circles of flowers and evergreens, and were strikingly effective in character. The stem or handle of each was a green bamboo about 5 inches in diameter fixed atthe bottom in a somewhat ornamental wooden base. They were car ried braced to shoulder poles by coolies, with relays of men to relieve them occasion ally. Following these were six stands of artificial flowers, gilded and silvered; after these theyoungfemalerelatives and friends of the dead girl, richly dressed,- each in a jin-riki-sha. Then came no less than 52 enormous stands of flowers and ever greens — such as first described — borne in pairs, followed by a large, number of taukuri-bana (artificial flowers). Then came a solemn-looking " Shin-kwixn " (Shinto priest), who tapped upon a sacred drum ; after him a number of sacred musicians in full dress and hats, playing upon small bamboo fifes. After thoso, in jin-riki-shaa, a number of Buddhist priests, with shaven heads, dressed in rich-coloured robes, holding in their laps gome symbolic vessels containing rice and other, to me, unknown substances. Over - these were hold enormous crimson paper umbrellas, carried by hearers dressed in white. After these came a man holding Ihai, a wooden tablet on winch the name of the dead girl was written,; then two men followed with incense burners ; then many more stand, of flowers, both natural and artificial Then came the body in a plain coffin covered with white, borne high upon a platform,' over which was a canopy. Then followed the relatives on foot and friends of the . deceased's parents, and after them the public. At the cemetery hundreds of boxes containing sweetmeats were given away to the. friends, . and tea was Berved to-all who wished. Muoh of the ceremony1 was unintelligible :to me, but as a. publio spectaclo it was' re- markable. — Fjiedeiuce jpi&vqxji;,. in Detroit Free Press. ,, " . ;\i i 1 