STORIES FROM THE BUSH. No. !.—'TKn DE\J>Iin)E2. Br' WATTLE-BLOSSOII. Wc were staying at one of ths mo?t picturesque watering- places in this colony, and while on an excursion to one of the numerous Hons of the localitv. " foregathered" with two survevars who had first seen the place in its primitive state, and -who had, in fact, helped to survey its not yet very welldeveloped zoads. In the evening we strolled out on the pier at that fittest of all times " Twixt the gloaming and the murk," -while the sea shone paleand mysterious beneath us. It had been a roastiug hot day : but now, with the breeze off the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sea-dew}, we felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No 1 said, "This seaweed smell is suggestive of ghosts." "Why r" asked someone. "Well," he said, "it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of jtuter— salt water by preference—and dead bodies." "But there ore no dead bodies about, are there hastily inquired a lady. " Not that I know of," said the surveyor, cheerfully, "but let's take a seat and I wiHspinyou a yarn which illustrates the theory." We sat down, and. he told us a story, the details of which I've quite forarotten, except that it had something to do wilii a chnrchyard by the sep, aud was sufficiently impres- " t at tbe Jamie, besides proving. Ins theory . in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire momentum as fax as it goes on, like the stone rolled from the hiii. " I know a true story," said one of the ladies, "which had some connection with relations of my own. ' " That is a sufficient guarantee," said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, " Excuse my smiling." But the lady, bong encouraged to proceed, began— 4 * M^iny years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in the sooth of France. The railways were not s* numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from Enjrland was by sea. Well, I daresay yon have all heard of the wreck of the Garonne. She was crowded with passengers going home for the summer. My uncle had taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hearted man gave it np at tbe hist moment to an old gentleman whose life was despaired of, and whose only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad lor her health. Her mother in Eaglacd, knowing she was with friends, and also belie ring that my uncle and aunt were on board, felt no anxiety abont her, but was looking forward eagerly to her return. On the night of the wreck she was awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. " Mother," she said, " the ship is a -wreck, eveiything is lost, and I have saved only this." touching her robe. " What is it V asked her mother feebly. "Itis the roba of Christ's righteousness," said the girl; and gently the visionfaisd away, leaving the mother alone with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend came in great distress to break tbe news, the widow said, " I know it all, but in tbe midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that my daughter is 'not dead but gone before.' " There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions, I have completely "forgotten their names) knocked the ashes out of his unromantic pipe, and said, quietly, " I will tell you what I once saw in Queensland." "We were camped far, very far, out; in tbe bush, scores of miles from the nearest outstations. One night, as we eat rather late over the camp fire; we were startled by the clatte£.o£ a JhorEe'e.hoofs. in the dista; <ts t it were- galloping madly. It came naarer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold of us. We jumped np, and tried to scatter the embers of our fire, but we were too late, and in another moment a horse galloped into the circle, and stopped short. There was a ' rider on his back: bnt why was he Lending so low, as if in ironical salutation 1 And why was his face of so strange a hue r Dead! Yes, stone dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved: for, thoneh after decently burying him, -we made many inquiries, neither at a station, township, nor bush shanty did we ever hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together." After a while " That is not a ghost story," said Surveyor No. 1. *• It's a i.- xe story." retorted the other. But we were ail shuddering. The "murk" had tairen the place of the " gleaming." and with one accord we turned our back-' on the sea., ind -.vent in t-.i the music and lights. 