THE INGLETHORPE MYS TERY. OHA^TEB XXII. TUB FOOTPBINTS IN THE SNOW, About ten days after my visit to Mrs. Boon, ] kept my promise to heT, by returning to inquirt about tho present condition of Vale Oottsgo. J saw, as soon as I entered the houae, that be- mind was prayed on by the prime convictions ;?} which had troubled hor on tho formo? occssion. : 'If there &ht; at least one ghoft in that houst ;then tbe?e never vras suoh a thing, and then ? never will bo- tbore, nov? ! You've s:6n foi : yourself there aint a human being in it, and ; there is something ! I've seen it and heard it, and you can't oonvinco a person ogsingit then | ? twe seoses, say what you will.' | }. 'I don't warit'to convince you, Mrg, Boon ; 3 % :, onl y want to convince rnjself what this thing i | {. which you have peon and heard. Have you anj | j: new revolutions?' | j ' I've seen the death-light once since, standing p i iver tbe house ; we saw it, too, shining ont of *] rthat room— John and I aa;v that together. W» \ iwas bo set on finding out whether it wns aperritt | lor not, wo mustered up courage to go throue;) f ?l ho house ogain next day, and, ns sure ag yon'ri I |3ettiDg there, something had been back % land laid down on that horo bad aeair; | ]— something light, that scarcely mode i- f ?ident, Yoa needn't toll mo it was an) '?; jmortal thiap, which it wasn't. We've heard % jchildren cvyin', -oo, which is an evil omen, the ?? dreaw-book says ; and, to tell the truth, Mr. li Harlowe— for thero'n no use keepin1 it back— ? we've Been the ghost !' :; I was now as interested as the woman could:, desiro. She had stopped, myeterioufly, after;;: naaking this grave declaration, and sat looking!' cno in tho face. I returned ho;.1 gezo with oneK of silett ioqu'ry, leaning 0 little forward in myi; chair. Mis. Boon omoothed hoi* apron absently [^ fFith her lorgo bonds, t till looking in my eyos,[': 38 if she saw the ghott in their dut ending pupils. i'- [ made up my ccind that I was going tu hearl;; oithor q ridiculoag stjry of a passing ahadow;;. mognified into an appurition, or something whichj;: would give some tangible clue to tho myQtery, if,! there was a mystery, of Vale Cottage. jc 4 You havo been fortunate,' said I. ' What !? was it like, pi'ay ?' f- 'You heve noticed there was a lifctla balcony andor tho windows of Mr. William's room?' 'I knovT there h such n balcony.' 'It was there wa saw it. You know how bright tho niglb have boon lately, with the full moon and the siovr. John and I walked ont tho night boforo last to the front of tbe honce, to see what wo cenld see, and there it was ! It was &s; light an day, and wo both hod a good Icok at it. f. don't know how louo; it might have stayed if I hadn't screamed. John clapped his hand over my mouth to stop me, but he was too late ; it 4eomed to raise itself right ap, and disappear in the air.' ' But what was it like (—man, woman, oz obildP' r- ? . ' Mt was like a #hofit, I toll- you/ replied tho fioueokoopor, stoutly. ' X e'poeo oporritu »ro all drepsed pretty much alike in the nest wbrldj whether thej'ro mon dr women. Wo read in| iha Bible of the white robes ; and I never hoardi of a sperrit that was dressed in any other way.! It may havo been Mr, William in his shroud,! for all I know. That's what I beliovo it was,^ now I coma to think of it.' f ' Poor William Staunton was not buried in aj; shroud,' I answered gravely, ' He was put in-; his ceffin dressed in a suit of black clothes. SojL you see that you were not correct there.' [ 'Oh, well, Mr. Herlowe, we can't understand - these things— it isn't given to the likes of us to : do so. I can tell you what John and I saw, and ? you can mate up your mind as to what or who it -was. There was a figure on the baloony, itand-i ging straight up, whits all over. A long white } garmei t hung from its head to its fpet ; :ts face was; .turned up to the moon, and its arms were [ i-aived. as if it was praying. Its eyes were wide ; open, and. its face as- pale as thatof a corpse. ; John and I will both make our effldavy to ib in \ court, if it's necessary.' . . I 'Where did it go to when it disappeared P' 3 : 'Well, as I said jutt now, it seemed to ma to ; 10 up- into the air ; but that I can't be so sun ; -iboot. John thouglt it went right through the : side of the house.' : 'Was the window open behind it P' ' 'Well, sir, I couldn't swear that it wes or \ ^asnt. The- fact ip. I was so terrified when ] I saw;it. that I thought I ahould have'. dropped. ] John was for; stayin' to see if it wouldn't come i »gain, but I wouldn't let him; so we botti tookj ourselves cff.' r; 'I am sorry you didn't use your eyes t- bdter ; advactage.' 'i ' If you saw a thing like that, sir, I think you j would run too, It aint tt all likely the window \ vas open, or we should have noticed it. It wos ; shut up the next morning, the same as ever.' P ' That was yesterday. I suppose you havo notf. been in tho house sjnee ?' |;; 'Laws! no, sir. I wouldn't go in now for afc hundred pound?.' I- 1 Have you nr ticed anjthing else peculiar ?' [; ' Yes, sir. There's been footsteps around thefi house in the snow.' ' [| ' Indeed !' I said eagerly ; ' that is more to the!; purpose. Can I see them now. ?' [:: ' No, sir ; tho sun's melted, em all away, But - \l you're thinkiDg they're the tracks of persons. . ?3omin' about the house for any purpose, just tell me, will you sir, how they happened to be ?' just about the front door, and so ony and not b ; track to if-, nor away from it in any direc- : tion ?' ;= i ' Indeed I cannot explain it, nntil I've rooted : out the mystery from the boginning.' I ' It ca'nt bo explained,' asaorted Mrs. Boon, i triumphantly. !! It worried hor to think I was bo Ecoptical wheu sshe had given me such absolute proofs; the idea \ it the haunted houso was making her really sick ; ; ^etehe would not give up her cherished belief I in its being haunted. I think Bho would have i been disappointed if any one had come forward I vnd Bworn that ho bad played the ghost. I I sat a little while pondering her statemoijt3. \ Chore bad been nc thing, on tho former occasion, ; r;O convince me that any intruder, human or ; spiritual, had boon in tho houso— excopt the faint imprint of a form on William's bod, and ? .'or the proof that it had not been made before ; fclie house was cleaeod up, I had nothing bnt her j svord. As for the death-light and the wailing jiounds, I conceived thp.f;, in that loathsome,! Solitary place, two persons, of the clasa to which I : these belonged, with their excitod imaginationtp . feacting upon each other, might easily persuadel themsolvca of ouch marvels. Even in this las k statiment, that boLh of them had clearly and[; distinctly seen a white form ou the balcony oil the room. I did not find much to disturb rne.t; JThoro ia nothing bt t:ev for producing all kindij:, jof ahapes and phantoms to a frightened o»| jsuperstituoua eye, than a bright moonlight n'gbt.i Jit is far bettor than the deepest davknos3. Tht: 'earth is full of weird shiidows ; the moat fatnilisii lobjecto aisfautno an unnntuval appearance in the j 'gloaming rays, onhanced in their ttrango offer ij' : by the black, fant&ttic; showdows which ttretob; away from thorn. And to this a garment off snow opread over everything. Tho landscape; on which wo havo re. tad our gazg every day fo; [ years, under thoso circum.stuncoa will be avl novol to us no if it were a bit of acenory trano-i planted from tome strange and far country. A[ vivid fan sy, prodiapoaed to the work, can make!/ aa excollont ghost; out of a rosebush or a ga(e-[.V' post— a foarfal apparition out of some familiar!';, abject covered v.'itu snov?. In tho present case,| not only wore the man and his wife in thai I feverish state in which Ihe oye makos visions 5;j for I fc 5 e I f, but they woro quite ready to link ^ Buoh phantoms with William's room, which | they had previously deoided to be the favourite | abode of tho ghost. A np%iew of the whole ease | led mo rather to be vexed with them, than n&\\.ia-d fied there was any reason for the mental worry | into whioh they had thrown tbemselves. Tho | only tangible things of the whole medley were | —the footprints. If they were actually traoo&| of feet walking about tbe promine?, that wag | ouoa^h to ve,tkiy wo—mi of. z ghobt, but of b I person engaged in prying about the house for I 1 .some unlawful purpose. I made up my mind | m ito watch for this person and entrap him. It \ |J oocurred to me, at once, that ono of these dare- Ml idevil spirit^, to be found in every community [^ iwas purposely playing tricks in and about the m\ ^premises, for the amusement of spreading tho m-\ report that tbe house was haunted, and eEcitiog I ! jthe gossip and oreduiity of (he village. I wag W: jindignant at the heaitlessness of the plap, and f jresolvod, should I catch the perpetrator, to I inflict such snmmary chastisement as would cure j uim of the taste for practical joking. Tho ; assertion of the woman tbet the tracks began ) and ended nowhere — that no one had approcheel ( tbe house, because there wero do footprints coming in from any direction — did not revive? ; entire credit from me. Were that actually the» case, then it was positive evidence that the per son was secreted in the dwelling; and idea fool ish and incredible, on tho faco of if, for many reasons. However, I was in earnest, now, about the matter ; I would ascejfcain tho truth, or explode the falsehood, and mako an end of it, bofcro painful repoiii should reach tho eni-a of friends, oe every idlo Eaganmffin in the country make that hallowed place, cossecratsd by tho ties of memories of the one bow gons, the focus o£ his - . vulgar curiosity, jM CHAPTER XXIII. I ON THE WATCH. % The first thing to bo done was to wafch the '|-; house thoroughly once more from cellar ti attic, $' so I told Mrs. Boon to bring mo fie keys of the f house, and utih her husband to accompany mo I in my visit to the haunted dwelling. The gardener came, following mo reluctantly at my bidding, while I Bgain entered the houso and wer,t over every room, stationing him in tho hall, so that no one could possibly escape dur- ; ing rap visit to the lower and upper floors. I searched from cellar to gam t, while Mrs. Boon, |- with her palp blue eyes ^ide open, and Effecting \ bustling bravery which hor lcoks belied, ac companied mo. Once, at a suddon noise, she seized the 8ki;t* of my ovorccat, but resigned them whon I told her it wad caused by her hue baDd in shutting tho front hall-door. 'Dear! dear! thero'n ra!s in tho house at last 1' she exclaimed, removing tho cover of Q flour barrel that stood in tho pantry. ' Thoy'vo been in this flour! I'm sorry for that, for they're an awful nuimnce in a house. They'll give trouble if I dont watch thom cloos. I be lieve I aauat lav Doison for thorn. Mir. Sfcnnn '} ton told mo to tike thin Hour homo aDd use it .* ap ; but we haven't needed it yet, and so I've {loft it here, and now they've made pretty work I with it.' I ' If there are rato here I tilian't bo anpprised J at any kiod of noiaog that may be benrd in tho !; house,' I remarked. 'Ilotoare equal to almost i anything. They v/ill tramp like an army 0? mon, lot stclk like a aolitary burglar. They will throw idown plates aud caps— liko thin one broken on the floor hero, sinco we came hore Inst ; pull ;'down pillows and drag books out of place. You canuy win aava 10 Keep a saarp iooir-ouc. ' They won't cry like a child, nor moon liko a sick person, nor tbind on balconies dressed in shrouds;' observed the housekeeper. 'I think thoy would do tho first tv/o,' and I ! smiled, 'But as to tho lottor, I'm not prepared to say.' 'I should think not. I only wish you'd seen it, Mr. Haxlowe.' I shall stay to-night in tho hopo of having that pleasuro, Mrs. Boon.' ' I'm right glad to hoar you ssy so, sir. It's not pleasant I) bo placed in tho aquation, I ora -to know what I know, and not (0 havo my word takon.' It was trne. it could not bo pleasant for hor to i have her earnest ststcmerits received with ho I much scepticism. I did not wonder that she ij Felt hurt— almost offended; at the same time \X. folt as if I, in my turn, should be intensely juggravatod if I found out thoro was nothing in I nil this flurry. I The second search resulted in nothing, liko the \ first. It was nearly dark when wo returned to Uhe ccttige, where Mrs. Boon allowed me to J; dandle hor fat, good naturod baby Johnny, while I *he prepared tec in a style befitting the impor ijtant occasion of my prosanos in her house. '- 'If you're in eBrnest aboul; sittin' up to wafch ?for the ghost, I'll mako coffee in;toad of taa, i£ Jit's agreoable to you Mr. Harlowo. It's better to keep ono awake.' I apsonted to this assertion, being of the samo ipinion mysolf. She rot her husbnnd I) grind ling tho dolectiblo beery in a hand-mill, and :]3?cuaan eAoellent supper of cold hum and honif ;jmado broad was placed upon tho table. The night promised to bo olotiv and oold ; the moon Uould not riao until about eleven. I fortified Jraysolf against tho hardahipsof my advonturo by (two cups of ati'ong colice and a Bub^tantinl meal, jpuQsod an hour or tv/o chr.tf;ing with, tho couplo md singing Johnny to sloop, thon about eight o'clock I buttoned my overcoat close, tied my iwrappev about my neck, and won', forth to begin j picked duty. j ' I'll Ioqvg the coffee pot on the ctove and a j^ood fire,' was L(io porting promise ol: the good J^voman, who soomod to think that I had rathor !a solomn time before mo. 'Thank you, Mr3. Boon. If I make no dis coveries by ono or two o'clock, I shall come in to vrarm mjsalf, and give np oil hopo of seeing the mysterious visitor this time at all events. You know midnight is tho witching hour, it will be uflolofls to stay much later.' ? Tho Lord be with yon,' ehe said, earnestly. (To be Qoniinuacl.) 