AN ALL-NIGHT SITTING. ELEVEN O'CLOCK ADJOURN MENTS. OPPOSITION TACTICS— THE SUPPLY BILL PASSED. THE RABBIT BILL INTRODUCED. When wo went to press yesterday morning tbe House was still engaged in discussing Mr. Mortou's motion— 14 That tbe sessional order providing that no fresh business shall be taken after 11 o'clock p.m. be rescinded"— and upon this Mr. Dibbs bad moved that the following words be added: "So far as such sessional order applies to Tuesday evening sittings." After considerable discussion Mr. Howe moved that tbe debate be adjourned, and tbis motion was supported by Messrs. Miller and Willis, Tho latter was frequently checked in introducing irrelevant matter, and at length Mr. M4Milian submitted that tbe boo. member was guilty of tedious repetition. Th& Speaker said he had already warned the hon member on tbis point. Mr. Willis spcediiy drew his remarks to a conclusion, and Mr. Hutchison (Glen Innes) supported the proposal to adjourn. Messrs. Walker and O'tiullivan continued in Bupport of the adjournment of tho debate. Mr! Cruickshaxk was dissatisfied with the proceedings of the Opposition the previous night, but thought if it were truo that tho tiupply Bill was to be proceeded with that the action taken was justifiable. No good legisla tion could be done in the early hours of the morning. Mr. ticasy followed, and had spoken some time when Mr. M4Millan called attention to the con tinued irrelevance of the hon, membor's re marks. The speaker said he had two or three times already called the hon. member to order lor irrelevance, and if that were persisted in tho standing order under which he could be directed to discontinue wight be put in force. Mr. Dious: If that sort of game is played there will be a rough time before wo are finished; I promise you that. Mr. Bruce Smith : Wo know what your promises are worth. Mr. SciiiSY resumed his speech and addressed the House nt some length. Mr. M4Millan complained that tho bon. member was debating tho main question, and bis statements were therefore irrelevant. The Speaker said that undoubtedly the hon. member was debating the main question, and be must confine himself to the motion to ad journ. Mr. Schxy continued, and after seme points of order lmd beeu raised Tho Speaker, said he bad already rnled the hon. member out of order three or four times, and must now ask him to discontinue his speech. Mr. Willis rose to speak. The Speaker : No debate can take place on this question. Mr. Willis : I dissent from your ruling. The Speaker said that could not be done, but there was a course open to Mr. ticboy. Mr. Schey : I feel my rights Tbe Speaker : Order. The standing order allows me to put the question that the hon. member be further heard. Mr. Son by requested tbe Chair to state tbe questiou that be should be further heard. On division the House by 80 votes to 17 upheld the Speaker's decision. The motiou for the adjournment of tbe debate was then negatived on a division by 29 votes to 17. Tbe amendment proposed by (Mr. Dibbs was negatived on the following division Ay ics, 13. Mr. Schey Mr. Walker Mr. Willis Miller Edmunds Cruickshank Creer O'Sullivua Hutchison Ferguson A. Brown (Glen Innes.) Howe Barbour Noes, 34, Mr. Brunkcr Mr. Tonkin Mr. M4Millan Currutbers S.Smith Bruce Smith Burns Paul Garrard Mortou ' Clubb Hawthorne J. Abbott Molesworth Garland Woudwurdj Ititcboll Haynes Wheeler Wall t Lees Plumb Stevenson Cullen Scoblo Ourlcy , Leo Dlckeus Dawson, Parnell Fuller Gough, Mackiunon Hawken The motion wus then agreed to on division as Ay is, 31. Mr. Brnnkor Mr. S. Srnitn Mr. M'Miliaa Bruce Smith Carrutkers. Tonkin Paul Burns Dickens Uarland Cullen Olubb Hawtborne.J Garrard Plumb Mitchell Molesworth J. Abbott Haynes Lees Wall Morton;; Ftirneil Wheeler Fuller. Woodward Scobie Curlev Leo Dawson Hawken noes, 10. Mr. OlSullivan Mr. Creer Mr. Willis Walker Schey Ferguson Hutchison Howe Cruickshank (Glen Innes) Barbour A. Brown Bdmuuda Stevenson Miller Cough Mackiunon The following members paired :—>For : Sir H. Parkes, Keid, Inglis, H. H. Brown, Seaver, Taylor, King, O'Connor, Hoiuorow, Hurley, Martiu, Waddell, Stepbau, W. Brown, J. P. Abbott, Hutchison (Can terbury), Gould, H'Court. Against : Dibbs, Molrillo, Copeiand, Goodchap, Hayes, Dalloa, Lyiie, Fletcher, Chanter, Traill, Lcvieu/ilyric, Cass, CoJls, M'Farlane, Garvun, Torpy, Clarke. adjournment— state of public business. Mr. Walker (at 6.20 a.m.) said that he de sired to move the adjournment o! the House to call attention to tbe unsatisfactory condition of public business. (Ironical laughter.) Mr. O'Sullivan (speaking across to the Ministerial benches) : We've got you by tbe wool. (Derisive cheers.) Another Opposition Member : We'll give you a taste of the resolution you have just carried. Mr. Schey : Yes ; we will give you a taste of tho gag. (Cries of "Obstruction " and 44 Shame " from the Ministerial benches.) Mr. Walker complained that the Minister for Mines had threatened the Opposition by having said : 41 We will bring you up standing directly." It was a direct threat of coercion. (Laughter.) The business of tbe House was in a deplorable state. Tbe Government was to blarno for notbaving introduced the Coal Mines Regulation Bill. Mr. Haynes : Why don't you be sincere and get on with the business ? (" Hear, bear.") Mr. Walker : Am I co be insulted by this species of O'Fnrrcil ghost ? Mr. Haynes : You're the first spirit that ever felt insulted. (Laughter.) Mr. Walker proceeded to denounce the Government nt considerable length. Tbe pledge made to tbo House last session that tbe Finan cial Statement would be made soon after the House met again had not been kept. No earnest desire had been shown to secure the passage ofjthe Coal Mines Regulation Bill, and numerous measures which bad no chance of passing were constantly being introduced. Upon every ground he considered the state of public basinesat was unsatisfactory. The Govern ment bad signally failed to fulfil their duties and pledges to tbe country. Mr. O'Sulli van said that though 'five months had elapsed since the session commenced the Colonial Treasurer had not yet dared to make his Financial Statement. The passage of the Loan Bill must be blocked|till that state ment was made. Tbe Government could not shield themselves behind tbe cry of obstruction. There was no real intention to pass tbe Coal Mines Regulation Bill, because too many colliery owners were affected by it. Ministers bad carried on the %vork of administration in a careless, slipshod way. Parliament ishould be dissolved; parties were too evenly balanced for business to be curried on properly. Mr. Gouoii considered the Minister for Mines had shown some amount of incapacity in administering the affairs of his department. Important matters had been neglected and the prospecting rote bad not been fairly distributed. In tbe Justice Department there wa9 a lack of administration and partiality was shown. He lmd also complaints against the Department of Lands in permitting breaches of tbe existing Jaws. Taking the Ministry as a whole they wcro better than their predecessors, but were not as good as tbey might or could be. At 7 a.m. the Speaker left the chair until 9.30 a.m. On resuming, Mr. Schey denied that the members for- Northumberland had obstructed the Coalmines Regulation Bill, On tbe other baud some of the Ministers had au interest in preventing it from coming forward because it would prejudice tho ring of capitalists with which they were connected. The Government had been using its powers not for tbe benefit of tbe country bnt to servo us own personal inwroaib. wore several matters in connection with tiio Railway Department which required immediate Investigation. In one contract the men em ployed were being paid Gs, Gs Gd and 7s per dav, while the Government were paying the contractor from 8s Gd to 10s Gd. The difference was made by the contractor. He should like to know whether a ron of one of tho Com missioners was concerned with the contractor. Soverai other matters should bo searchiugly inquired into. Mr. Garrard, on a point of order, submitted that the hon. member was travelling beyond tho limits of the motion, which confined him to uublic business. Tbe Speakku rnled that matters connected with the Railway Department were public business. Mr. Schey continued in the same ctrain until bis 20 minutes wero exhausted. Mr. Wilms charged the Government with being responsible for tho watte of time which had occurred. Every time a member spoke ho was charged with blocking the Coal Miuos Regulation Bill or tho Rabbit Bill. He did not believe the Government had any inteutlon of bringing in a Rabbit Bill. Mr. Brunker : Leave off Ntalkingauu you will Bee. Mr. Willis : I will leave off talking if yott promise to introduce it now. Mr. Brunker : I have got it here, p Mr. Willis : Legislation on tho rabbit question was sadly needed and bad the matter been taken up 12 months ago a quarter of a million of money would have been saved. By withdrawing the Loan Bill and proceeding with tbe two measures he had named the Govern ment would receive a loyal support from tlia Opposition. Financial matteru should not bo touched till the Financial Statement wns made. Mr. Crick thought the whole proceedings would be a lesson to the Treasurer to keep scrupulous faith with Parliament in future, tiince the Loan Bill was first started on its way four Government nights had been consumed and the Treasurer was no nearer getting it passed. And it could not now become law till within a very few days of the date fixed for the deliver)' of the Financial Statement, and the further consideration of the matter should properly be deferred till the statemeut was made. The Rabbit Bill and Coal Mines Reu- lation BUI ought to be proceeded with atouco and passed, because after toe Budget speech was given it would be impossible for tho Government to carry on business and a dissolu tion was unavoidable before the end of next month. Mr. Howe thought that the Government was to be condemned for these proceedings. (Derisive Ministerial laughter.) If, instead o£ going into Cominitteo of Ways and Means, Ministers proceeded with the Coal MinesRegu- lation Bill, obstruction would cease. Several other important measures also required to bo dealt with. Mr. Hutciiison (Glen Innes) also spoke. At 11.5 a.m. Mr. Tonkin moved — 44 That tho question be now put," (Opposition derisivo cheers.) The motion was carried on division by 43 to 18. Mr. Walker replied on the motion for adjournment. Ho condemned members who wore returned to support tbe Opposition back- iug up tho Government. Mr. J. P. Adbott : Put them out. Mr. Waddell; I am proud to be one of them, at any rate. (i( Hear, hear.") _ Mr. Walker : Men sent in to Bupport tbe Opposition , lost no opportunity of humiliating and selling tbe party. Important subjects had been neglected by the Government while small matters received treatment. No earnest attempt bad been made to proceed with the Coal Mines Regulation Bill, though favorable opportunities were presented, measures of a worthless character being aealt with in preference. The motion was negatived on division by 50 votes to 17. Tbe noes wore (Messrs. Willis, Wright, Crick, O'Snllivan, Walker, Howe, Torpy, Edmunds, Levien, Lakeman, Hutchison (Glen Innes), Fletcher, Barboar, Cruickshank, Gough, Dalton, Miller. Mr. Fletuher explained that be had voted through a misapprehension. He had paired with Mr. Lamb, who had left the Honse and , unfortunately he had fonnd himself unwittingly; taking part in the division, but it was too lata, to rectify the mistake. (" Hear, hear.") SUSPENSION OF THE STANDING ORDERS. Mr. Lakeman said that ho desired to mora1 tbat the Government should introduce a Rabbit Bill before the rising of the House (Laughter.) j The Breaker: The hon. member must giveJ notice. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. Lakeman said that on the motion of the' Colonial Treasurer so much of the standing orders were the other evening, suspended aa would preclude the passing ot a certain bill through the House in one night. Mr. Criok took tbe point that the motion for the repeal of tbe 6e39ional order preventing any new business from being taken after XI o'clock, having been passed aher 11 o'clock last night it was not competent to proceed with any fresh business at all. The Speaker said that as the sessional order referred to was not now in force thero was nothing to prevent new business from being taken. Mr. Lakeman then proceeded to argue his conviction that so mnch of the (standing orders had been suspended ns would preclude the passing of a bill and not a particularly specified bill. Tbe standing orders were now abso lutely suspended as regarded that bill or any other bill that might be brought before the House. Mr. Crick said that so much of the standing orders as stood in tbe way of tbe bill referred to were suspended. It wnB not, however, for that specific purpose, and being suspended every member of tbe House had a perfect right to take the sameadvantage of the suspension as any member of tbe Government had with regard to this particular bill. The Speaker ruled that tbe point raised could not be suetained. The suspension of the standing orders was not for an indefinite period and applied not to a particular day, but to tbe passing of a particular bill. (u Hear, bear.") That was not an indefinite suspen sion. THE SUPPLY BILL.— WAYS AND MEANS. The House went into committee of ways and means. Mr. M4Millan proposed the usual formal resolution to issue £800,261 out of tbe consoli dated revenue fuud for services to be hereafter provided by loan. Mr. Dibbs regretted tbe Colonial Treasurer had lost his voice, but some otber member of the Government would have to speak for him. He' would like to know what was to be done with the item of £200,000 for purchase of rail way stores. Mr. M4Millan : Tbe proper time to discuss that, is in committee, when the schedule of the bill is reached. Mr. Dibbs : Would that item of £200,000 be retained ? It wqb clearly borrowing money for the same object twice over. Mr. McMillan said tbe item would be re tained. When the schedule of the bill was reached tbe Government would be prepared to fight every item. After some discussion from Messrs. O'SUL- li van and Wall, the motion was caried on the voices. Tbe resolution was reported to the House and agreed to. ft. The bill founded ou the resolution was intro duced and read a first and second time. Tbe House went into committee to consider the bill in detail. Tbe consideration of the cinuses was postponed till the schedule had been considered. Mr. Dibbs said that if the item of £200,000 were omitted tbe bill would be allowed to pass in a few minutes. Tbe remaining £120,000 would be sufficient to carry on the Treasurer till the end of the year, till after the Financial Statement had been made. Mr. M4Hillan explained that the Govern ment was not in the position of having prac tically overdrawn the advance account. They were in this position : Au unusual nnd unprece dented strain had been caused owing to certain further stuns being required for loan. The ad vance account bad only been practically drawn up to £125,000. Wero the schedule to be altered according to Mr Dibbs' idea the whole case of the Government would be given up for bringing in this -bill. Certain works had to be gone on with. (" Heur, bear.") By an Executive minute he could have obtained £100,000 without coming to tbe House. Seeing that Parliament was in session he would not thus go behind the backs of members and do anything relating to the consolidated revenue without consulting members. Tbe consideration of tbis matter could not well bo connected with the financial policy. Tbe Government intended to stick to the schedule, Mr. Dibbs said that the other night the Troasurer informed the House that ho only meant to recoup £100,000. His contention in regard to the £200,000 had not been met by the Government. The Treasurer bad now authority to borrow £9,000,000 or £10,000,000. Including in tbat £10,000,000 was the very material which was to be purchased out of the £200,000. The item was one which theie was no justification for introducing in this bill. They were taking the authority twice over to ' borrow the £200,000. If it was part of somo reform this was not the time to introduce it. Mr. Bruce Smith said that tbe bill it self showed that this amount of £200,000 was to provide for the purchase of stores for railway construction services. The Railway Commis sioners had nothing to do with railway con struction, The work of construction caino within tho scope of tbe Public "Works Depart ment, tiwhile tbe managemeat branch of the service was under the control of the Commis sioners. As tbe Treasurer bad said the amount was reqaired| principally for rails. Indeed, he might say wholly for rails. Iu the past it bad beeu found impossible to say exactly what quantity of rails wcro required for each parti cular railway. Instead, therefore, of ordering a qunntitv of rails, which might bo either too little or too much for a line aud then requiring a debit and credit iu the Treasury books, it had appeared to hioi desirable to establish an ad- vaucc accouut in rails to the extent of £200,000. Then, having received the authority for the ex penditure on particular lines of railway, they woula take from this trust account from time to time and debit the amount to tlte particular railway. This account they proposed should 3tand at £200,000. iur. I'uuis ; imu diu wjiitt iu.u j ex- plained last week. Mr. Bruce Smith : Tbo hon. member says that by doing this we shall bo charging twice over for the same thing. Mr..DiBUH: I did not say so. What I said and I aver again is that you already have tho authority to borrow for tbis railway material on the lines already and you propose to tako authority to borrow the same amount again. Mr. Buuor Smith : Tho hon. member had said that the Treasurer had the right to borrow £10,000,000. Ministers wefo exercising tbat right by borrowing £200,000 for rails. They would aacertaiu what rails a particular lino would want aud take them out of stock and credit the advance account with the cost. A much more important aspect of the thing waB this : For months the country had beeu crying out for public works. So thoroughly did bo realise tho necessity of those works tbat be took tho unprecedented course of actually having plans prepared nnd calling for tenders before the lines 1 were authorised. (" Hear, hear.") Not satisfied with that ho cabled to England for the rails, iu order that when some ot the Unes, such as those from Nyngan to Cob&r;, Cootamuudra to Temora Rod Culcatrn to Corovra, were ready they should i not find that they bad no rails, but that they could hate thorn trorn the stock in hand as soon ns the embankment enabled the department to lay them down. ("Hear, heir.") To be pre- Eared to pay for the rails in London they must nvc a letter of credit and they could not inako tbe purchase unless they had something to , justify them in giving tin letter of credit. If they did not pas the amounts he should not be in a po.-ition to "-end the letter of credit to London to pay for the rails. The Government supplied the rails ami by his proposal as soon ns n section of the embankment was completed the rails couM be put down by the department. Ho desired to be in such a position that when the line. Mere ready be could hand the rails over to the contractor to be put on the em bankment, not when the whole railway but when a section of it was finished. In that way the department couid follow up tho contractor ng fast as be bud the embankment ready. Should the Opposition be successful iu defeating the Government over the financial proposals and a dissolution took place the advantages of having the rails in hand would be obvious. Indeed this system of an advance flail account was just as fiouud as an advauce jnoney ac count. Mr. Dmns said that a more qpouous, plausible speech than that of Mr. Bruca bmith's had never been delivered in the Horn by a Minister of i he Grown, lie would opiosc the vote as an unnecessary increase of the loans nceouut. AH that the Minister for Works required to do he could do by tailing from tho £10,000,000 of loan inoucy which the Treasurer had to borrow. Tho motion of passing the schedule was carried on the voices. Clauses 3, 2 and 3 were passed without amendment. The bill was reported to the > House without amendment. On the motion that the bill be read a third time, Mr. Dinns said he had found tho House so apathetic as to the remarks he had made that ho would consult the convenience ot members at the expense of their patriotism by simply offering his protest against the passing of the item of £200,000. It was increasing our indebtedness when the whole sum was already iucludcd iu loan bills for special works for which the material was wanted, l'lie pro ceeding was irregular and improper. Mr. Gahland said Mr. Dihba was misleading the House. The very preamble of the hill was sufficient to show that tho money was not to be defrayed by loan at all. (Opposition dis- Bent.) Mr. O'SCLLIVAN and Mr. Chick argued that Mr. Garland's view Mas entirely wrong. The money was to cbmo out of loan and not out of the consolidated revenue. The motion for the third reading was agreed to. The bill was passed and ordered to be for warded to tho Legislative Council with the usual message. THE RABBIT BILL. Tho House went into committee to consider tho expediency of bringing in a bill to repeal tbo Rabbit Nuisance Act of 1S33 and for other purposes. Mr. Bkuxkkr said he would make no ex planation of tho measure at this stage. He simply desired to have tho bill placed in the bands of members. (" Hear, hear.") > Mr. J. 1J. Auhott suggested that ample time should be given to tho people affected by the bill to givo an expression of their opinion upon the measure. Mr. Bruxkku had no objection to meet this desire by iixing Lho second reading for a later date than he intended. Expressions of opinion from those immediately affected would be of service. Thursday week would perhaps bo a suitable date for the second reading. Mr. J. P. Auhott did not consider the time sufficient. It would take over a week to reach some of the distant stations. Mr. Lakkman thought a fortnight would be cnongh delay. Mr. Chuicksii axk having pointed out that somo of "he stock and pasture boards required i 30 da)' notice before a meeting could be held, Tbo nsual formal resolution was agreed to and reported to the House. Tho Bill was intro duced and read a first time. The second reading was ordered for Thursdav, October 10. ADJOURNMENT. Mr. M'Milla.v moved the adjournment of the House. Mr. Hurley iuquircd when the Coal Mine3 Regulation Bill was to be taken. )ir. Sydney Smith said that he proposed to proceed with the measure on Wednesday next and continue with it until it was disposed of. Mr. Waddell again drew attention to the caso of Constable Slater. lie eulogised that officer and contended that he should have a substantial pension for the rest of his lite to keep htra in comfort, Mr. Levikx hoped that the Government would do nothing until the Inspector-General of Police was consulted on the point. The bou. member referred in severe terms to Slater. Mr. .Melville again alluded to the manner in which the Bulli Relief Fund was being dis tributed. The management was disgraceful. £300 was paid last year to a secretary for dispensing lis a week to the widows of the unfortunate men. He intended to introduce a bill dealing with the fund. (" Hear, bear.") The House adjourned at 3.20 p.m. until tho isual hour on Tuesday uext. 