An Ocean Tragedy. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER "X x"5TTT-—(continued.) CONCLUSION. At last, one morning we found our\x=req-\ •elves in the English Channel, bowling over the green ridges of it before a strong south-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of mating the Lizard Light the brave little barque Star of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East India Docks. Down to that very moment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore she arrived on deck and approaching Laura, exclaimed: " Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." " Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta ? " 'sister asked. "No, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which she had stopped with Colonel Hope-Kennedy when she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In ali probability I shall return to Melbourne, but not •t present." She extended Iier hand coldly to her «ister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, hat her pride was stung; disgust and *mazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady Monson •ras as she passed along the quay towards *.he dockyard gates. As she paced for\x=req-\ fait!, stately, slow, her carriage queenly ».nd easy as though, sumptuously clothed, »«nd in the full pride of her beauty she •rod tlie floor of a ball-room, the scores of >ailois, labourers, loafers who thronged •■he decks turned to a man to stare after lor. A strange and striking figure indeed she made, habited in the dress which she wore when the Shark foundered, and which, as you may suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a long voyage. Tie brown veil concealed Iter features and to a certain degree qualified the outlandish appearance of the Bailor's grass hat upon her head. " So!" said I as she disappeared, " and now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We bade a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and his mates, and to Finn and Cutbill, both of whom promised to call upon me. I had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day I would communicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and his mates (hat I might send them some token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel witliin an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took possession of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited in me by the familiar rooms, and by the feeling that I was once more in London, with no more runaway wives to chase, no more Dutchmen to fire into, no more duels to assist in, no more volcanic rocks to split upon, and no more galleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awakened from some wild and vivid dream whose impressions continue so acute that the familiar objects his eyes open upon seem as phantasms that must presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my next to address a letter to Wilfrid's solici tors, in which I acquainted them with the loss of the £ride and the death of my cousin. Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know. I asked after his infant, and requested them to tell me if the child was still with the lady with whom my cousin bad placed it before leaving England. 1 added that I should be pleased to see one of the partners and relate the full story of tiie voyage, the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid had informed them of before cailin«r. I spent the evening with Laura. All i our talk was about what she was to do I until she had heard from her father, to : whom she told me she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at theliofcel, "bo as to lose no time, Charles." She had no relations in England, scarcely au acquaintance for the matter of that; with whom was she to live then ! Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house she was not a person with whom I could liave desired the girl I was affianced to jto ; be long and intimately associated.. He i notion of her returning to Australia alone •was not to be entertained. There seemed i nothing then for it but for me to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experiments in the direction of relations, and endeavour to find a home for her with one or soother of them until there should some day arrive a mail from Australia «rivinsr m6 Jeave to take her to my heart. ~ Well, it Wft6 next morning that I had finished breakfast and was sitting musing over a fire with a n<e>yspaper on my knee. My mini? was full or iii& pfrst. I remember looking around me almost incredulously witli €y{i8 that still found th*» iamiliar furniture of my room unreal and indeed almost impossible, listening with ears that could scarcely accept as actual tlie transformation of the roar and beat and wash of the seas into the steady hum of ceaseless traffic in the great London roadway into wliich the street I occupied opened. Years had elapsed it seemed since that night when my servant had ushered in my jooasin, and I saw in fancy the wild roll of his ^.es round the apart\x=req-\ toent, the erazy flourish of his hands, his posture as lie sank liis liead upon, tlie table battling -with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. - " Come in." The landlord entered: a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiced man -who had for many years been butler in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discovering that he had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. " Muffin ! " I whispered. " Tliat was the name he gave, sir," he exclaimed, astonished by my amazement. " Muffin ! " I repeated, searcc crediting my hearing; "describe him, Mr. Cork." "Aclean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a coal-blackness, looks down when he speaks, sir, seems a bit shaky in the ankles ; a gentleman's servant, 1 should say, sir." "Show hiin up, Mr. Cork!" I exclaimed, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments the door was opened, and in stepped Muffin!—the Muffin of the Bride. Muffin the ventriloquist, Muffin the whipped and docked, and, as I could haTe solemnly sworn, Muffin the drowned! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, holding his hat with both bands against his stomach, his head drooped, Mb lips twisted into their familiar grin of obseauious apology. His yellow face shone, his hair was as lustrous as the back of a rook; lie wore large loose black kid-gloves, and he was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that tells more startingly upon the whole nervous system than the meeting with a man whom one has for months and months believed dead. I was unable to speak for a few moments. I shrank back in my chair when he entered, and in that posture eyed him whilst he stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in his attitude respectful regret for taking the liberty of intruding. " Well," said I, fetching a deep breatli, "and so you are Muffin indeed, eh ? Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." "So I suppose, sir!" lie exclaimed, " but I am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit; he put his hat under the chair, crossed Ids legs, and clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented by his strange appearance, produced a fit of laughter in me. The image of his radish-shaped form, half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Cut\x=req-\ bill grotesquely apparelled compelling liim to keep time, recurred to me. "You seem resolved that I shall believe in ghosts, Muffin," said I; "and pray how came you to learn that I was saved from the wreck, that I had returned to England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ? " "Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them." "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, iB lie alive?" "Oh yes, sir, and very much bettor both, in body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, sir. He would have called upon you himself, sir, but he's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep iis bed for two days." I jumped from my chair and fell to pacing the room to work off by locomotion something of the amazement that threatened to addle my brains. " Wilfrid alive!" I muttered. " What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon liim, "what you are telling me is a miracle ! & thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the yacht go to pieces! nearly tlie whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape ? " He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who had died upon the ' island, was perfectly right in saying that, he believed a number of men had rushed to one of the boats shortly after the yacht had struck. I myself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft in the blackness. Muffin was one of them. The white water over the side enabled them to see what they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of whom was Muffin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. The men, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled on every curl of sea, headed out from the island straining their hearts at the oars ; but they were again and again beaten back. There were but five oars, and Muffin and one of the seamen having nothing to do, sat crouching in the stern sheets. Suddenly a figure showed close alongside crying loudly for help, Mufti ri grasped him by the air of his head, the other fellow leaned over, and between them tliey dragged the man in. It was my cousin ! Bv dint cf sustained and rnnrl plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of the wreckage, bringing the white line of the thunderous surf on tl) e island beach upon their quarter ; they then gave the stern of the little fabric to the wind and seas and fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn broke they were miles out of sight of the rock. A day and a night of dfi&4 palm followed ; they were without food or wat^r, and their outlook was horrible ; but at sunrise on the third day they spied the gleam of a sail towards which they rowed, and before the darkness £cU they were safely on board a large English brig boupd to Bristol. Such was Muffin's story. He said that Sir Wilfrid, on being told it was Muffin who had rescued him, promised to take him back into his service on reaching England. He added that my cousin lxad entirely lost tbe craze that liad possessed him concerning Lis bulk and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had liberated him, and with his sadden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Crimp came very near the truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names ef the others who were saved. I told him who they were. " And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, air?" said he. " No," I replied. "And Captain Finn is saved too. I'm bo glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified he was veiy sorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand. He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than J had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as clear as my own. It seemed to me that the shock of shipwreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure, strong traces of congenital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrelevant loud laugh, the boyish eagerness of maimer, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a long time we seemed able to talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very delicately and vaguely referred to the delusion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to me to instantly quit the subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touching devotion to him whilst they were in the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering liiin from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a little awn inc. TT<* aslrp-d tanilgrW after Taitra and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon him. that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said I, a little nervously. "Oil, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly ; then, after a pause, he added, " Where is she ? " "She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, I presume, she is still to be found." His face flushed to the name of that hotel ; lie instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yes, she is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ? " said I. "As regards Lady Monson, do you mean? " " Well, she is still your wife, and what concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." " 1 shall not meddle with her," said he making a horrible grimace to an involuntary twitch of Mb gouty foot; "she can do what she pleases." "She talks of returning to Australia." " Let her g«," said he. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her ! Had he but waited a few months, disgust and aversion would have grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding the blood of a fellow-creature—he would have preserved his noble yacht—but then, to be sure, I should probably never have met Laura! His eye was upon me wlixle I mused a little in silence. "My solicitors advise proceedings in tlie Divorce Couit," said he, " but I say no. I certainly should never try my hand at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might answer lier purpose very well indeed ; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." " You will have to maintain her." " Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answered with a curious smile. "Wilf," said 1, "she may fall very low, and then, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawful wife, and play the devil with your peace and good name." " I am not going to free her," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London 1" said I. '* 1 am waiting till the gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Kennedy's Mends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and childless, but he has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground he trod on, and thought hiiu tlie noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." " Humph," said I; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory ?" " Pooh !" he exclaimed, " one never hears of seconds being charged." "You will take baby with you, I nresume ? " He answered no. During Ms absence a cousin of his had lost her husband, a colonel in India. She had arrived in England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked "Wilfrid to help her. He had arranged that she and the girls should ocoupy his seat in the North and take charge of his child. This in fact had been settled, aud Mrs. Conway and her daughters were now installed at Sherburne Abbey. On hearing this it instantly suggested itself to me that Mrs. Conway would provide Laura with the very home that she needed until we heard from Mr. Jennings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; he was delighted ; he loved Laura as a sister, and his little one would be doubly guarded whilst she was y?ith it. So here was a prompt and happy end to what had really threatened to prove a source of perplexity, g.nd indeed in some senses a real difficult And now to end this narrative. A fortnight later Wilfrid went abroad to travel, as he said, in Italy aud the south of France, and with him proceeded My. Muffin, During that fortnight Laura and I were frequently with liim, but it was only on the day previous to his departure that he mentioned his wife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand manner he asked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give him any news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the hotel to wliicli sbe had gone on lier arrival. She had not written to her sister, nor had she communicated with Wilfrid's solicitors. However, about a fortnight after I had returned to London from j the porth, whither I had escorted Laura, ; there came a letter to my lodgings ad\x=req-\ «i«isscd to n\y &W;$6thcai-t. J guessed the handwriting to be Lady Monson's. I forwarded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and such a vessel to Melbourne on the Monday following, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a description of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and excited much attention and brought mo many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowling and Head. It chanced, however, that my account of the island was republished in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havamias and addressed to me at the office of the journal in which my narrative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards informed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. Thoy very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner\x=req-\ yacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expectation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indistinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dfeams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this tlie volcanic rock subsided and vanished off the surfaee of the sea, after the usual manner of these desperate creations. The editor of the naval journal .received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful comparison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for tlie log-book of a vessel named the Martha Jtobbison showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove so long as 1 had feared. Veiy unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding day. She could scarcely believe her ears -when a servant came to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. He had taken it into his head to visit England, both his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was almost brokenhearted, so Laura wrote, when she told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a bluff, hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He approached the subject of insanity with a bluntness that somewhat disconcerted me. I assured him that so far as I could possibly imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a bell; an observation upon which I thought I had some right to complimenf myself, for to be suspected of being "wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I must say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it cauie from, lie regarded me with a keenness that was at tunes not a little embarrassing. Laura and I lxad been married two years when we heard of- Lady Monson. Mr. Jennii.gs had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we had received from him he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then came a missive in deep mourninsr. Ladv Monson was dead. She I had been received into the Rqirian Catholic Church, so wrote the father in a letter whose every sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in Ids tears. She had, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her days and nights to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill; two nights later she was delirious. She broke from the grasp of her attendants and marched with stately step, singing in her rich contralto voice as she went to an upper chamber that had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a mirror she fell to brushing her rich and beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. THE END, 