OUR NOVEL. BY'ORDER OF THE CZAR: OB, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. .-«. Br JOSEPH HATTON, AUTHOR OF " CBCBL LONDON," " THE " THREE BECBUITB," " CLYTIE," " THE VA.LI.BT OF POPPIES," " JOHN NEEDHAM'S DOUBLE," &C;, &C.; PART III. CHAPTER VII. IN THE ROYAI. PROCESSION. ; "THE Uouutess. ¡Stravensky P" said ' Philip, repeating Beppo'« iuformatiou. " Tes, sir, a Russian who looks like a Venetian." " Tour friend ?" remarked Jenny, with .-a curious note of interrogation in her tone and manner. «?J presume so," said Philip,, as calmly as he" could, with his heart beating at double quick time, and all his good virtuous resolve evaporating. " An unexpected surprise," said Walter. " You should surely say an unexpected pleasure," remarked Dolly, who was in- stinctively and otherwise jealous of the' Russian beauty. . ; ** Did you know she was coming to Venice ?" asked Jenny. " No," said Philip. " I understood she was going tn St. Petersburg." "? Did she know we were coming to f Venice P" Dolly asked. '. I don't quite remember ; perhaps my > mother may have mentioned it," said Philip, suddenly finding his voice. " She is uo doubt here for tho fêles." " No. doubt," «aid Jenny. They .slackened speed by the Bridge of Sighs, where , a barge-load of musicians jwere entertaining a little cluster of, gón- dolas in which were many merry people, who joined pianissimo in the choras of " Fuuiculi Fuuiculà." The moon shone full upon tho canal, and the scene had a soothing and fawiua ting effect. 'Philip found himself strangely under its influence. None of the little party spoke for some time. Dolly's hand found its way to Philip's in a timid inquiring fashion. Philip struggled hard to hold it with the sin- cerity that had a-few minutes before actuated all lie had said and felt in re* gard to Dolly and the future of their two lives; but the red ^gondola had left be- hind it a trail of feverish sentiment, and he was once more in imagination _^ travelling with a certain passenger by train from Loudon to Dover. How mean and untrue he felt all at once, how un- worthy of the confidence of the pure spirited, high-minded, kind-hearted, Lon- don girl I " We will return now, Beppo," said _ Mrs. Millbanke. Yes, madame," said Biappo. The two gondoliers bent tlieir backs to ' their work, and the boat rushed through the moonlit waters. In a few minute! they were at the hotel. ; " It is a showy boat, that red gondola,' ' remarked Jenuv to Beppo, as he gave hoi his hand for the shore. " Oh, yes," said Beppo. " But we shall look as smart as that to. morrow, eh Beppo?" said Walter. "Yes, yes, said Beppo, grinning: "your excellency has good taste." ,' And he had ; for the next day whei Beppo and his comrade took off their hati ' at the steps and offered their broad palm! \- foassist tue ladies into their pretty vessel both Dolly and Jenny expressed theil surprise and delight. '.Beautiful!" said Jenny. "What a change! Is this the same #ondolaP" Beppo showed his white teeth, and hit fine ¿gut« was complemented by his fine "T*«ire88, a rich blue cloth with crimson sash The gondola was elegantly furnished wit! blue silk cushions and Oriental rags, and at the shining steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk Uuion Jack, the red and blue of which the bluish-green water reflected back again as if in token of amity and , "^admiration. It was a glorious day. The sun wai far away in a blue sky. There was not a cloud. A pleasant breeze came in a warm genial ripple from, the Adriatic. Ii seemed like an invitation to every senti of love and friendship. "AU the world is happy," it might have been saying "and this is the lovliest spot in thc world." Philip tried to think so. Oa th« other side of the lagoon the Church oi Santa Maria del Giglio was decorated foi illumination at night. On the left beating up towards them were a couple ol the groat boats of the River Po, witt pointed stern and enormous rudder, th< san finding oat rich tones ia the ridgee \- of their furled sails, the red«tasseiied capt of the sternsmen presenting grateful points of colour on the black and brown of the hull and deck. As Beppo leáned upon his oar, the gondola shot away from the shadow of a great P. & Ü. steamer, gay with bunting and sparkiiug with tiny lamps. The statue nf the king was still enveloped in its white covering like a daylight ghost ; and along tho riva the glassy trees ready to ba lighted at night had an odd out of place appearance. But there was a gay stream of people walking, and quite as much bustle ou the water with flashing gondolas and gay barges getting ready to join in the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile shot right up into the blue sky, the banner in St. Mark's flew in front of that daaaliug church. On the right, by the Custom House, a little fleet of coasters rested at anchor, but with their sails still moro or less sot, brown and yellow, and here and there decorated with strange devices. The Church of Santa j Maria della Salute slept on the wat.T, in < spite of its frame work of Vauxhall lamps j which at night wore to mark its beautiful1 architectural Hues against the starry sky. Flags wore flying everywhere. From the windows of the gorgeous palaces hung rich brocades and .Oriental draperies-, tapestried stories of ancient days. In the balconies were pretty women* and. below were picturesque men 'Crowds wera hurrying from all sorts of by-streets, and boats working their way from all kinds of mysterious canals. It was a wonderful scene. It dazzled Philip. He had nev br beheld anything so \- impressive in ita picturesqueness. All his memories of îfcfôsia, and his recollec- tions of ïîuglish ou¿^oó*-dÍHolaya, Jg^uà nöthiug to compare with this Tuformal kind of public demonstration, unregulated alike as regards the people as it was in regard to the decorations of the palaces, the varied colours of tho flying boats, and without a single obtrusive hint of a master hand in the preparations for the illumination« at night. Nothing seems to have beeu designed, and yet every- thing was perfect in arrangement and colour, and so overwhelming was the beauty of the architectural avenue through which they were making their way, so superb the sunshine, that oven the thea ' trical tokens ot tho night-to come were absorbed, and became unobjectionable. There was on all hands a general air of delighted expectation. Herc and there between the palaces and at odd points, are steps leading to dhtaut water streets, and these were coigns of vantage for the sovereign people, who filled up the open spaces. Among these democratic as- semblies were some of the most ' beautiful women io the world. The poorer citizeue of this city in the sea have inherited i physical loveliness, the tradition of which has come down to tu from classic history, sod which lives in the never dying art ot Italy, in the pictures by famous masters, and .better still in the women of this nineteenth ceutury, who still go about the Btteets of Venice bareheaded and with slippered feet. Presently the fleet of gondolas and gorgeous barges came as it seemed to a sadden anchor. All the varyiug aud flit- ting colours of*the moment stool still in one spot, as if the finger of Fate had paused in turning life's kaleidoscope tc permit of a restful observation of som« specialty lovely design that had beer developed after many changes. It was a happy jumble of artistic form aud tone of radiant colour, aud subdued hues ol brown aud blue in the shadows. Sc beautiful was the picture that it looked as if it might fade away at any moment, and leave Leicester Square or the Strand mocking behind. This is how Philip fell and how he phrased it to his mind iu one of those moments when he was not ou thc look out for the red gondola. At lengfcl the distant whistle of a railway train wat -heard. Then everybody knew that thc King and Queen of Italy, the idols ol the people, and justly so, were steaming across the marshes. Next there was £ firing of big guns ; then the music ol .military bands, the air El Jiey ; anoi there is a movement ashore, aud in sym- pathy therewith a movement on thc canal ; at last the picturesque chaos be- gins to assume something like a pleasant irregularity of order ; the day's pagoaul has begun. Picture tho scene., It is almost impos sible to describe it. You might bs tole the names of every great barge; thc period of the costumes of the rowers ; il wonld be easy to give you a running fir« of historic titles aud architecbura characteristics of the palaces that arc arranged on either side of the procession each ono with a wonderful history ; bul by and bye you would begin to skip thc record and search for the red gondola. Il is therefore best to supply you witl material for fancy. You can. fill iu tin details from Ruskin, George Sand, Onida j Triarte, Howolls, Bogers, and the estab- lished guide books. Get into your mind something of the atmosphere of the mos! romautic period of the world's history Think of the haughty Doges in theil magnificent robes. Try and realise whal Venice waa. Thou remember what ehe is, a poetic and pathetic wreck of lier im- perial greatness-the stage remaining with its gorgeous properties, its superb sets, ita uoble architecture, its glorious sky, th« actors dead and gone ; but to-diy moved aud radiated with the ilew life of a bettor age, with nobler aspirations, ' with- out, it is true, the inspirition of bar- baric and cultured art to make the day shine and glitter with gold and precious stones, yet exhibiting artistic links bc ween theo and now. Think of these things, an i then look around you and note this modern pageant with its relics of the past, Us Superb cos- tumes, and animated with au ambition quite as laudable as fiat which built St. Mark's and decorated it with beaten gold. Imagine yourself with tho Milbiukei and Philip and Dolly Norcott in the midst of this procession; the most impressive since the government of the Council of Ten. It is a moving mass of energetic life and brilliant colour. There hal been nothing so gorgeous on these classic waters siuce the Carnival pageants of the fourteenth century. Among the guests Aud visitors are representativos of the most fauious of the ancient Doges. There is a family of Greeks who claim descent from a famous chief of Venice. They ar«: hera iu a gondola decorated after the ancient manner, aud with their gondoliers attired as in the oldcu days. Making its way to a prominent posiiiou is a stately barge rowed by a dozen men, who'might be servants to the Capulets in ttotneo and Juliet; aud close by, another that might belong to the Lady of Belmont. Here is tho small red fez, tho long hair, tho slashed sleeves that oue has seen so of ten on the stage and in pictures of the time ; iu companionship with the men who aro propelling the Greek barge arc a party of rowers bef rocked as one sees them iu the illustrations to Byron's " Corsair." In competition for p'ace is a suparb gondola that looks like au exaggerated toy of gold taken from the top of some giant bride-cake, the rower.* in the blue sailor costume with yellow sashes. ; Rising gaily upon the busy waters with swan- like motion in the wake of the rest, aud making for the King's barge, is a b irge of white «and gold; it is followed by anotherj of blue aud white-the white being white Venetian lace which trails with the velvet at the stern of the barge, joining many other draperies aud brocades, silks, and laces, that dabble the water with colour, and add to a reckless gener- osity of wealth flung hither and thither, as one can imagine Italian displays of the past. Foremost among another group of gondolas is one which, is named with rowers who recall the glories nf English county life . in the days of Fielding ; a ' second,' not unlike, with servants in plush breeches and tall hats; a third is a gon \- dola of a barbaric style, with a hood of fantastic shape, and with men fantasti- cally dresse 1, the whole effect defiant. . Imagine these and a hundred other notable boats, gondolas, barges, all making their way to surround the taller vessel of the King with its magnificent goldeu eagles at the prow and a typical figure of regenerated Italy. Ton take your glass aud you dud that around the King's' barge are other State vessels, the Bucentor, for instance, with its tradifi iu of the' bridal of the Adriatic; and all at once thc whole throng of aquatic vehicles begin to dance and make their way to the Royal Palace, amidst the discharge of distant artillery and the clash and bray of trumpets. The palaces of the Grand Canal rise upas if from the bosom of the waters. They are brave with colour, and alive with excited poople. The sun shines. The sky is a pale ultra-marine ; the whole thing a fairy tale ; and so real that it makes more than one of the Milbauke party feel emotional. Philip is lost for tho time being in this feast of form and colour. Dolly sits per- fectly still by his side. Jenny is up and down twenty times to catch glimpses of the Queen. Walter hands his glass to every one by turns because it is a very powerful one, and he continually thinks he has spotted the best incidents of the show. Long before the cheers from the Rialto have been broken up with other demonstrative sounds, they find them- selves really part of the royal procession indeed, almost alongside the royal barge, and partaking of a shara of the gracious recognition of both King and Queen, who smile their acknowledgements of every royal cheer, and bow to many a passing and accompanying boat, jenny noticed that the King gazed approvingly on their gondola, because it carried the flag which Italy most honours among the nations. At the height of the enjoyment which Mrs. Milbauke felt in being near the royal barge, the spirits of the party was somewhat dashed (though none of them except Philip could quite explain why they felt the shadow of the incident fall upon them moro than upon any other boat) by the sudden appearance of tho red gondola. It came shooting forth from one of the little canals right into the midst of the procession, and attracted universal attention. It stood out from the rest, not only on account of its posi- tivo colour, but for the singular distiuc tion of tlie lady who sat enthroned at the i bow, in a simple silken costume of white < silk aud Venetian lace, her gondoliers in j red and black, with velvet caps ; and her i Secretary, Sig. Ferrari in the ordinary i moruiug dress of the time. i The red gondola took up a position near j the Royal and State barge i, aud alongside < the yellow aud black gondola of the Rue- j siau General and his wifd, the Princess. [ The General bowed to the Countess with < much impressment, the Princess contented j herself with the slightest recognition that i might pass fdr courtesy. Tue Countess, < Jenny declared, fairly ogled the General ; j but Jenny did not like the Countess and , might have exaggerated the expression of ? the Countess's face. Philip noticed, that 1 the Countess was also honoured by tho . gracious smiles of the King aud Queen. . He would not admit to himself that there was 8omethiug in the glance of General Petronovitch that lie did not like -, but he had dot seen how the Countess had appealed to the vanity of lier distinguished countryman (if a Jewess may be said to llave a country or a COUutryulau outside the pale of heir ca- religionists), iu the drop of ber violet eyes aud the play of her ostrich fan; When the procession ariived at the canal steps of the palace, the rod gondola had vanished as rapidly as it had previous I ly appeared, for no sooner had th^ir Majesties lauded, than Jenny and tito ivst, looking round for the rod gondola, did not find it. Beppo, guessiug their disappoint ! meut, remarked that Madame the Russian who looked like a Venetian picture ont of Its frame for tho' occasion, had directed her men to make for tho Faz%io Palace thu moment the King and Queen left their barge, and ho must own that they wero a couple of clever gondoliers, though he had not 86 311 either of them on the canal for years; curious man; Jew« he thought, born in Venice, but of a roving disposition, fought iu the war. brave "enough, hut rolling utoues, neve k-iow where to have them; and so on*-Beppo talki«g io him- self as much As to Walter and the rest. The reader of the first chapter of this section of mir story has already met one of the men of whom Báppo was speaking -Paul Petrosky (with the strauge siuis ter face that was c iady ou one side, tragedy ou the »t lot), commissioned for Venice by Auua Klosstoek iu the Mom of a back, street in Soho. TU 1 other mau was the friend he had mentloued at the Loudon meeting of the Brotherhood, and both are here to obey thenrdors ot Anua Klosstock and Andrea Ferrari, iu a great' cause. 