CHAPTER XIV. A HEAL1TY CNDEtt THE SEEMXXG. Upon the morning after the double ap pearance of the "spectre" of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at the breakfast table at the usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleepless and anxious night. The young marquis had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night as to hare quite for gotten his second betrothal to Miss Monk. IJut Sylvia, as may be supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her manner, a soft reliance upon him, a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd the fact that she was h:s betrothed wife. Ilis face, however, did not brighten at the remembrance, and the haggard look in his blue eyes even deepened. He was strangely silent throughout the meal, although Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, who came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Cbetwynd's arm with the air of one having a right to its support, and walked through the great hall to the winter morning-room. " Oh, Roy," she said, "how happy I am ! Tour wife, and mistress of Chetwynd Park 3 Life holds no joys that can compaie with these. And, Roy. don't think me unmaid enly if I speak to you regarding our betro thal. As the poor dependent, my life is a burden to me. I think it would be but fair and just to me that our engagement should be proclaimed at once. My position will then be made clear, and I shall not feel com pelled to seek other shelter." Chetwynd winced a little. lie would have preferred not to announce his engage ment of marriage so soon after his return home, but he reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. I knew you would think as I do," said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction. I pre sumed upon your consent to my wishes, and liavi already communicatcd the fact of our engagement to Mrs. Skewer and to Ragee. I shall write a note to Lady Welbv to day, informing her also, and she will spread the news throughout Sussex. Lady \V«3by will come to see me at once. And, Roy, when she asks me how soon we are to be married, what shall I say to her V Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. " I do not know—I had not thought," he said. " I leave the date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will be agreeable to me.'' " Then let me say this day two months," said Miss Monk, vivaciously, " It is now March. We will be married in May, in the season of early flowers and good weather. We will have a grand breakfast here at the ] Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a j ball, to celebrate our marriage. And we | will then go to the Continent for the summer ] dividing our time between Baden-Baden, will do you credit, Roy. I shall be gay and charming, and as sumptuously dressed as Eugenie in the height of her glory. Ab, that reminds me," and she clasped her jewelled hands more tightly on the Marquis's arm, and regarded bim with an affectation, of shyness and embarrassment, '• I would like to assume my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word and she forced a Jaugb. " I am already a pensioner upon your bounty, Roy—" «' Not so, Sylvia. Do not use an expression ] like that. You have been a dear sister to j mc, and have occupied an honored position , in my household- You have been no pen- ! sioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you have a suitable trousseau," and be j sighed heavily. '• I will give you a blank cheque to-day, and you can order your jewels, shawls, laces, and the rest, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitude. She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. He re turned the caress in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that at another time would have angered her. She talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff made his appearance, and then she glided away to her own room, triumphantly happy. *' Everything is going on splendidly, Ra gee," she said, entering her dressing-room with a wild waltz. " Chetwynd consents to the immediate announcement of our engage ment ; and I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. He will give me a blank cheque to-day for my trousseau. He cannot retreat now. I am sure to be Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me to make out my lists for orders and shop ping. We have time enough to study the mystery afterwards." Miss Monk sat down at her desk and wrote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent Iroiisstau. She also wrote to various business houses in London i for samples of poods and garments to be j sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, fchawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, ' who had been invited to remain. It was evident that the bailiff had not been informed of the new relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The youag lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred and the bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After the repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinner. The intervening' hours were actually spent by him in an ex amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in the hope of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a sense of disappointment, half convinced that he had been indeed the vic tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late before the fire in his bed chamber, with his eyes fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of the bathroom, praying that the " illusion" might be repeated. He prayed in vain. The fire burned low I on his hearth. The silence of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longtd for. And at last, wearied and } hopeless, be flang himself on hie couch and I dropped into a troubled sleep. He had been slumbering more than an hour, and his deepening breathing sounded through the hushed room, and the light burned low, and the embers wereviyingon the hearth, when the dcor of the dressing room softly opened, and the " spectre " stele into the room. No instinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his heart stirred not as she stole through the dimness— like a ghost, indeed—to his side, and bent above bira in an agony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell like snow-flakes softly on his hair, bis face, his hands, and he felt them not. He bad been much awake on the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense. " My darling 1 O, my darling !" was the ! mute cry that filled Bernice's heart, " The new love will never worship you as the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet io live—to know that regret for one is over, and that one is no longer missed It is bard to see one's place filled— to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh, God 1 why did I not die ?" She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of her young husband. And he who loved her better than his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. Bernice kissed his bands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. Hex oath re strained her. A little while she lingered, until he stirred uneasily in bis sleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. She had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before the hearth in her dressing- room in an attitude of flight, barkening intently, and warming herself. There was a silver ';ray on the table, with a half bottle of wine and some biscuits, which had been brought up by the butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the butler having observed how little his lordship had eaten at table since his return heme. The little attention to the marquis stood Bernice in good stead. She drank a portion of the wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. 1 But she might not linger here. It was time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. She had chosen to lay it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for a spectre. The cloak was not warm enough to* protect her from the chill of the damp of the unused rooms which she made her haunt, and she stole now to one of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower drawer in which she had kept her shawls. The shawls were there now as she had left them. lier dresses hung in the press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fifinc had arranged them. She took out an Indian cashmere shawl which Chetwynd had bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then she closed the drawer and crept to the do«r and listened. Not a sound was to be beard without. She opened the door and crept out into the hall,stealing along in the dimness like, a swift shadow. She crossed the wide hall to place herself at greater distance from Chet wynd's rooms, and so unconsciously passed close to the doors of the suit occupied by M.ts Monk. She passed the dressing-room and bed chamber of her East Indian rival, her heart beating, it seemed to her, like a drum. As she came abreast the door of Miss Monk'3 bath-room, which had been ajar all the evening, it silently opened, and the witch like figure cf old Rigee creptout like a flash. Bernice caught a glimpse only of the dusky East Indian face, which resembled a face cut from a walnut more than anything else, a red turban, a pair of outstretched arms, and the gleam of sinister eyes, and then she Hew before her strange pursuer without a wnr/J nf rtuf/rr. The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching her shawl. Beraice loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, like the white spectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, but the old woman did not pursue her. Eagee clutched the shawl tightly in her arms and hurried back into tlie bath-room. No one bad been aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bed- chamber. Sylvia was sitting up in bed anxious and expectant. " Well ?" said the young lady, impatiently. " You have watched all the evening, Ragee, depriving me of my sleep, and what good have you gained by it?" " This J" cried old Ragee, dashing the shawl down upon the bed. " Do you know that shawl? I have just seen the spectre 1 It came out of the late Lady Chetwynd's dressing-room. It was dressed in white, only it wore this shawl to protect it from the cold. It crossed the hall. When it came alongside the bath-room I darted out and grasped the shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood I the shawl proves that. I saw its face ; it was white with terror ; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the face of Lady Chetwynd !—the face of the living mar chioness ! It is as I have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard ourscheming, and outwitted us. The girl is alive, I tell you ! Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has but to speak to 6end you and me to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made a reality 1" 