THE SAGAS. BY ANDREW LANG. What is a Saga? It is neither quite a piece of history nor yet a romance. It is a very old story of things and adventures that really happened, but happened so long ago that in course of time marvels and miracles found their way into the legend. The best Sagas are those of Iceland, and those, in translation, are the finest reading that anybody can desire. If you want true pictures of life and character, which are always the same at bottom, or true pictures of manners, which are always changing, and of strange cus- toms and lost beliefs, in the Sagas they are to be found. Or if you like tales of enterprise, of fighting by land and sea, fighting with men and beasts, with storms and ghosts, and friends, the Sagas are full of this entertainment. The stories of which we are speaking were first told in Iceland. When Norway and Sweden were still heathen, a thousand years ago, they were possessed by families of noble birth, owning no master, and often at war with each other, when the men were not sailing the seas, robbing and killing in Scotland, England, France, Italy, and away east as far as Constantinople, or further. Though they were mere wild sea robbers and warriors, they were sturdy farmers, great ship builders ; every man of them, how- ever wealthy, could be his own carpenter, smith, shipwright and ploughman. They forged their own good short swords, hammered their own armor, ploughed their own fields. In short they lived like Odysseus, the hero of Homer, and were equally skilled in the arts of war and peace. They were mighty lawyers, too, and had a most curious and minute system of laws on all sub- jects, land, marriage, murder, trade and so forth. Those laws were not written, though the people had a kind of letters called runes. But they did not use them much for large writings, but merely for carving a name on a sword blade, or a tombstone, or on great gold rings such as they wore on their arms. Thus the laws ex- isted in the memory and judgment of the oldest and wisest, and most righteous men of the country. The most important was about mur- der. If one man slew another, he was not tried by a jury, but any relation of the dead killed him "at sight," wherever he found him, even in an Earl's hall. Kari struck the head off one of his friends, Njal's Burners, and the head bounded on the board; among the trenchers of meat and the cups of mead or ale. But it was possible, if the relations of a slain man con- sented, for the slayer to pay his price——every man was valued at so much — and then revenge was not taken. But, as a rule, one revenge called for another. Say Hrut slew Hrap, then Atli slew Hrut, and Gisli slew Atli, and Kari slew Gisli, and-so on till perhaps a whole family was extinct and nobody left to do the killing. The gods were not offended by manslaughter openly done, but were angry with treachery, cowardice, meanness, theft, perjury and every kind of shabbiness. This was the state of affairs in Norway when a king arose who tried to bring all these proud people under him, and to make them pay taxes and live more regularly and quietly. They revolted at this, aud when they were too weak to defy the king theoy set sail and fled to Iceland. There in the lonely north, between the snow and fire, the hot water springs, the volcano, Hecla, the great rivers full of salmon that rush down such falls as Golden Foot, there they lived their old fashioned life, cruising as pirates and merchants, taking foreign service at Mickle Garth, or England, or Egypt, filling the world with the sound of their swords and the sky with the smoke of their burnings. For they feared neither God nor man, nor ghost, and were no less cruel than brave; the best of sol- diers, laughing at death and torture, like the Zulus, who are a kind of black Vikings of Africa. On some of them " Bersark's gang" would fall ; that is they would become in a way mad; slaying all and sundry, biting their shields, and possessed with a furious strength beyond that of men, which left them as weak as children when it passed away: These Berserks were outlaws, all men's enemies, and to kill them was reckoned a great adventure and a good deed. The women were worthy of the men, bold, quarrelsome, revengeful. Some were loyal, like Bergthora, who foresaw how all her sons and her husband were to be burned, but she would not leave them, and perished in the burning without a cry. Some were treacherous, as Halgerda the Fair. Three husbands she had, and was the death of every man of them. Her last lord was Gunnar of Lithend, the bravest and most peaceful of men. Once she did a mean thing, and he slapped her face. She never forgave him. At last enemies besieged him in his home. The doors were locked, all was quiet within. One of the enemies climbed up to a window slit, and Gun0 nar thrust him through with his lance. " Is Gunnar at home," said the besiegers. "I know not— but his lance is," said the man, and died with that last jest upon his lips. For long Gunnar kept them at bay with his arrows, but at last one of them cut the arrow string. "Twist me a string with thy hair," he said to his wife, Halgerda, whose yellow hair was very long and beautiful. " Is it a matter of thy life or death," she asked. "Ay," he said. " Then I remem- ber that blow thou gavest me, and I will see thy death." So Gunnar died, overcome by numbers, and they had killed Snmr, his hound, but not before Samr killed a man. So they lived always with sword or axe in hand— so they lived, and fought, and died. Then Christianity was brought to them by Thangbrand, and if any man said he did not believe a word of it Thangbrand said, " Will you fight ? " So they, fought a duel on an island, that nobody might interfere, holm- gang they called that, and Thangbrand usually killed his man. In Norway Saint Olaf did the like, kill- ing, and torturing those who held by the old gods — Thor, Odin, and Freya, and the rest. So, partly by force and partly because they were somewhat tired of bloodshed, horse fights and the rest, they received the word of the white- Christ aud were baptised, and lived by written law, and did not avenge themselves by their own hands. Christians they were now, but they did not forget the old times, the old feuds and fightings and Bersarks, and dealings with Trolls, or fiends, and with ghosts, and with dead bodies that arose and wrought horrible things, haunt- ing houses and strangling men. True stories of the ancient days were told at the fireside in the endless winter nights by story tellers or Scalds. It was thought a sin for any one to alter these old stories, but as generations passed more and more wonderful matters came into the legend. It was thought that the dead Gunnar sang within his cairn, or "Howe" the mound wherein he was buried. And his famous bill, or cutting spear, was said to have been made by magic, and to sing in the night before the wounding of men and the waking of war. People were believed to be "second sighted," that is, to have prophetic vision. The night when Nijal's house was burned his wife saw all the meat on the table "one gore of blood." ; Just as in Homer the prophet Theoclymenus beheld blood falling in gouts from the walls, before the slaying of the Wooers. The valkyries were seen by living eyes, the Choosers of the slain, and the Norns who wove the fates of men at a ghastly loom. In the graves where treasures were hoarded the Barrow wights dwelt, ghosts that were sentinels over the gold, witchwives changed themselves into wolves : and other moustrous animals, and for many weeks the heroes Signy and Sinfjotli ran wild in the guise of wolves. These and many other marvels crept into the Sagas, and made the listeners, feel a shudder of cold beside the great fire that burned in the centre of the skali or hall where the chief sat, giving meat and drink to all who came, where the women spun, and the Saga man told the tales of long ago. Finally, at the end of the middle ages, these Sagas were written down in Icelandic, and in Latin occasionally, and many of them have been translated into English. Unluckily these translations are often expen- sive to buy, and not always to be had easily. For the wise world, which reads newspapers all day and half the night, does not care much for books, still less for good books, least of all for old books. You can make no money out of reading Sagas, they have nothing to say about stocks and shares, nor about Presidents and politics. Nor will they amuse you if nothing amuses you but accounts of races and murders, or gossip about Mrs. Nokes's new novel, Mrs. Stokes's new dresses, or Lady Jones's diamonds. The Sagas only tell you how brave men, — of your own blood very likely, — lived, and loved, and fought, and voyaged, and died, before there was much reading or writing, when they sailed without steam, travelled without railways, and warred hand to hand, not with hidden dynamite and sunk torpedoes. But, for stories of gallant life and honest purpose, they are among the best in the world. Of Sagas in English one of the best is the Volsunga, the story of the Niflungs and Vol- sungs. This, in England at least, can be bought for a shilling. It is a strange tale in which gods have their parts, the tale of that oldest Treasure Hunt, the hunt for the gold of the dwarf Andvari. This was guarded by the serpent, Bafnir, who had once been a man, but he was killed by the hero Sigurd. But Andvari had cursed the gold because his enemies robbed him of it to the very last ring, and had no pity. Then the brave Sigurd was involved in the evil luck. He it was who rode through the fire, and woke the fair enchanted Brynbild, the Shield- maiden. And she loved him, and he her, with all their hearts, always, to the death. But by ill fate she was married to another man, Sigard's chief friend, and he to another woman. And the women fell to jealousy and quarrelling, as women will, and they dragged their friends into the feud, and one man slaying after another befell, till that great murder of men in the Hall of Alti, the King. The curse came on one and all of them, -a curse of blood, and of evil loves, and of witchwork destroying good and bad, all fearless, and all fallen in one red ruin. \- Fate and evil luck are the heroes of the Sagas. They seldom "end well," as people say, unless, when a brave man lies down to die on the bed he has strewn of the bodies of his foes, you call thai ending well. So died Grettir the Strong, the hero of another Saga. Even from a boy he was strong and passionate, short of temper, quick of stroke, but loyal, brave, and always unlucky. His worst luck began after he slew Glam. This Glam was a wicked heathen herds- man, who would not fast on Christmas Eve. So on the hills his dead body was found, swollen as great as an ox, and as blue as death. What killed him they did not know. But he haunted the farmhouse, riding the roof, kicking the sides with his heels, killing cattle, and destroying all things. Then Grettir came that way, and he slept in the Hall. At night the dead Glam came in, and Grettir arose, and to it they went, struggling and dashing the furniture to bits. Glam even dragged Grettir to the door, that he might slay him under the sky, and for all his force Grettir yielded ground. Then on the very threshold he suddenly gave way when Glam was pulling hardest, and they fell, Glam undermost. Then Grettir drew the short sword " Kori's loom," that he had taken from a haunted grave, and stabbed the dead thing that lived again. But, as Glam lay dying in the second death, the moon fell on his awful eyes, and Grettir saw the horror of them, and from that hour he would not endure to be in the dark, and he never dared to go alone. This was his death, for he had an evil companion who betrayed him to his enemies, but when they set on Grettir, though tired and sick of a wound, many died with him. No man died like Grettir the strong, nor slew so many in his death. Besides those Sagas, there is the best of all, but the longest, "Njala" (pronounced "Nyoula") the story of Burnt Njal. That is too long for me to sketch here, but it tells how, through the hard hearts and jealousy of women, ruin came at last on thegentle Gunnar, the reckless Skurphedin of the axe, "The Ogress of War, "and how Njal the wisest, the most peaceful, the most righteous of men, was burned with all his house, and how that evil deed was avenged on the Burners of Kari. The site of Njal's house is yet to be seen, after these 900 years, and the little glen where Kari hid when he leaped through the smoke and the flame that made his sword blade blue. Yes, the very black sand that Bergthora and her maids threw on the fire lies there yet, and rem- nants of the whey they cast on the flames, when water failed them. They were still there be- neath the earth when Mr. Rider Haggard dug up some of the ground last year, and it is said that an American gentleman found a gold ring in the House of Njal. The story of him and of his brave sons, and of his slaves, and of his kindred, and of Queens and Kings of Norway, and the coming of the white Christ are all in the "Njala." That and the other Sagas would bear being shortened ; once they were all the people had by way of books and they liked them long. But, shortened or not, they are brave books for men, for the world is a place of battle still and life is war. These old heroes knew it and did not shirk it, but fought it out and left honorable names and widening glory. For the story Njal, and Gunar and Skurphedin was told by Captain Speedy to the guards of Theodore, King of Abyssinia. They liked it well, and with queer altered names and changes of the tale that Saga will be told in Abyssinia, and thence carried all through Africa where white men have never wandered. 