A BRIDE FROM THE BUSH. BY E. W. HORNUNG. All Rights Reserved. Chapter VII. —In Richmond Park. The day after Mr. Travers dined at Twickcn- ham was almost the first day that passed with out the happy pair running up to London to gether. 44 Its far too hot to think of town, or of wear- ing anything but flannels all day, said Alfred in the morning. "But there's plenty to seo .. hereabouts, Gladdie. There's Bushy Park and Hampton Court, and Kcw Gardens, and Ricli- ' xnond Park. What do you say to a stroll in Richmond Park ? It's as near as anything, and we shall ceitainly get most air there." Gladys answered promptly that she was " on " (they were alone) ; and they set out while the early haze ou a sweltering day was hanging . closely over all the land, but closed of all about the river. . There was something almost touching in the air of serious responsibility with which these .two went about their daily sight-seeing ; though Granville derived the liveliest entertainment from the spectacle. The worst of guides him self, and in many respects the least .well-informed of men, Alfred never theless had no notion of calling in the aid of a better qualified cicerone, and ; of falling into the rear himself to listen and learn with his wife. At the same time, the :fierce importance, to his wife, of this kind of education exaggerated itself in Iub mind ; so he cccretly armed himself with "Baedeker," and managed to keep a lesson ahead of his pupil, ou principles well known to all who have ever dabbled in the noble art of tutoring. But, in deed, Alfred's whole conduct towards his wife was touching — touching in its perpetual tender ness, touching in its unflagging consideration, and ten times touching in the fact that his devotion was no longer blind. His eyes had been slowly and painfully opened during this first week at home. Peculiar manners, which, out there in the bush, had not been peculiar, seemed worse than that here in England. They had to bear continual comparison with tho Eoft Epcooh and gentle ways of Lady Bligb, and tho contrast was sharp and cruel. But the more Alfred realised his wife's defects the more he j he loved her. That was tho nature of his simple heart and its simple love. At least the should not know that he saw her In a diflercnt light, and at first he would have cut his tongue out rather than tell her plainly of her peculiarities. Presontly she would soe them for herself, and then, in her own good time, she would rub down of hor own accord the .eharper angles ; and then sho would take Lady Bligh for her model, instinctively, without being told to do so ; and so all would be well. Arguing thus, Alfred had not allowed her to say a word to him about that escapade with the stock whip on the first morning, for her penitence was grievous to him— and was it a tiling in the least likely to happen twice? Nevertheless, he was thoroughly miserable in a week — that electioneering conversation was the finisher— and at last he had determined to speak. TIiub the walk to Richmond was strangely silent, for all the time he was casting about for some way of expressing what was in his mind, without either wounding her feelings or letting her see that his own were sore. Now they walked to Riohmond by the river, and then over the bridge, but, before 'they climbed the hill to the park gates, a solemn ceremony, insisted upon by Alfred, was duly observed; the bride ate a "Maid of Honor" in the Original shop; and wlien tho famous delicacy had been despatched and criticised and Alfred had given a wild and stumbling account of its historic origin, his wife led tho way back into the sunshine in suoh high spirits that his own dejection dceponed sensibly as the burden of bis unuttered remonstrances increased. At last, in despair, he resolved to hold his tongue, for that morning at least. Then, indeed, they chatted cheerfully together for the first time duriug the walk, and lie was partly with her in her abuse of the narrow streets and pavements of Richmond, but still stuck up for them on the idea that they were quaint and thoroughly English ; whereat she laughed him to scorn ; and so they reached the park. But no sooner was the soft cool grass under their dusty feet, and the upland Dwelling before them as far as the eye could travol, than tho bride became suddenly and unaccountably silent. Alfred stole curious glances as lie walked at her side, and it seemed to him that tho dark eyes roving so eagerly over the land scape were grown wistful and sad, "How like it is to the old place!" she ex claimed at last. "You don't moan your father's run. Glad- die?" " Yes, I do ; this reminds me of it more than anything, I've seen yet." ; "What nonsense, my darling!" said Alfred, laughing. "Why, there is no such grcon spot as this in all Australia 1" . "Ah! you were thero iu the drought, you ace ; you never saw tho run after decent rains. If you had, you'd soon see tho likeness between those big paddocks in what wo call the "0 Block" and this. But the road spoils this jdace ; it wants a bush road ; let's get off it for a So they bore inward, to the left, and Gladys was too thoroughly charmed, and too thought ful, to say much. And now the cool bracken was higher than their knees, and tho sun beat upon their backs very fiercely ; and now tkoy walked upon turf like velvet, in the shadows of the trees. "You don't get many trees like these out there," said Alfred. "Well — not in Rirerina, X know we don't," Gladys reluctantly admitted; and soon she added : " Nor any water holes liko this." For they found themselves on the margin of \- the largest of tho Pen Ponds. There was no wind, not a ripple could bo seen upon tho wholo oxpanso of the water. The fierce sun was still mellowed by a thin, gauzy haze, and the rays wcro diffused ovor the pond in a solid gleam. I The trees on tho far side showed fairly distinct I outlines, filled in with a bluish smoky grey, | and entiroly without detail. The day was sufficiently sultry, even for the Thames valley. "And yet," continued Gladys, speaking elowly and thoughtfully, "it docs remind one of the bush, somehow. I've sometimes brought a mob of sheep through the scrub to the water, in the middle of the day, and the water has looked just like this— like a great big lump of quick- silverprcssedinto thegroundandshaved off level. That'd be on the hot still days, something like to-day. Wo now and then (lid have a dny like thin, you know — only, of course, a jolly sight hotter. But wc had moro days with tho hot wind, hot and strong ; what terrors they were when you were driving sheep !" "You wcro a tremendous stock rider, Gladdie !" remarked her husband. " Wasn't I just ! Ever since I was (hat high ! And I wa fond, like, of that old run — knew every inch of it better than any tnau on the place— except the old man, and perhaps Daft Larry. Knew it, bless you ! from sunrise— you member the sunrise out there, dull, and red, and sudden — to sundown, when you spotted tho station pines black as ink against the bit of pink sky as you came back from mustering. Let's see— I forget how it goes— no, it's like this : 'Twos merry 'mid the black woods when we spied tlic station roof, To wheel the wild scrub cattle at the yard, With a running tire of stockwhips, and a fiery run of hoofs, Oh, the hardest day was never then too hard ! That's how it goes, I think. Wo used some times to remember it as we tode homo, dos- tired. But it was sheep with us, not cattle, more's the pity. Why, what's wrong, Alfred ? Have you seen a ghost?" "No. But you fairly amaze me, darling. I'd no idea you knew any poetry. What is it?" " Gordon— mean to say you've never heard of him? Adam Lindsay Gordon ! You must have heard of him, out there. Everybody knows him in the bush. Why, I've heard shearers, and hawkers, and swagmen spouting him by tho yard ! He was our Australian poet, and you never had one to beat him. Father says so. Father says he is as good as Shakspeare." Alfred made no contradiction, for a simple reason ; he had uot listened to her last sentences ; lie was thinking how well she hit off the bush, and how nicely sho quoted poetry — ovorything that was not prose was poetry to Alfred. He was silent for some minutes. Then he said earnestly : "I wish, my darling, that you would some times talk to my mother like that !" Gladys returned from the antipodes in a flash. "I shall never talk to any of your people any more about Australia !" And, by her tone, she j meant it. "Why not?" "Because they don't like it, Alfred; I see! they don't, though I never sec it so clearly as' when it's all over and too late. Yet why should , they hate it so? Why should it annoy them? I've nothing else to talk about, and I should have thought they'd like to hear of another country. 1 know J liked to hear all about England from yon, Alfred !" Faint though it was, the reproach in her voice cut him to the heart. Yet his moment had come. Ho had decided, it is true, to say nothing at nil ; but then there had been no opening, and here was ono such as might never come again. " Gladdie," he began, with great tenderness, "don't be hurt, but I'm going to tell you what may have something to do with it. You know, you are apt to got — I won't say excited — but perhaps a little too enthusiastic, when you talk ' of the bush. Quite right, and no wonder, I say, t but then, hero in England, somehow, they very i seldom- seern to get enthusiastic. Then, again — j 1 think — perhaps— you any things that are all i right out there, but sound odd in our ridiculous ears. For we are an abominable, insular nation of humbugs " began poor Alfred with a tremendous outburst - of indignatiou, fearing that he had said too much, and making a floundering effort to get out of what he had said. But his wife cut him short. Tho color had mounted to her olive cheeks. Deusencss, at nil events, was not among her failings — when she kept calm. She was sufficiently calm now. "I see what you mean, and I shall certainly say no more ' about Australia. 'I like a man that is well bred !' Do you remember how Daft Larry used j to wag his head and say that whenever he saw | you ? You're not one of the low sort,' lie used i to go on ; and how wc did laugh ! But I've been | thinking, Alfred, that he couldn't have said tho same about me, if I'd been a man. And— and i that's at the bottom of it all !" She smiled, but ' her smile was sad. "You are offended, Gladys?" "Not a bit. Only I seem to understand." "You cfcm't understand ! And that isn't at the bottom of it !" " Very well, then, it isn't. So stop frowning like that this instant. I'd no idea you looked so well when you were fierce. I shall make you fierce often now. Corne, you stupid boy ! I shall learn in time. How do you know I'm not learning already ? Come away ; we'vo had euough of the water hole, I think." She took his arm, and together they struck across to Uain Gate. But Alfred was silent and moody ; and the bride knew why. " Dear old Alfred," she said at last, pressing his arm witli her hand, " I know I shall get on well with all your people, in time." "All of them, Gladdie?" "At any rate, all but Granville." "Still not Gran ! I was afraid of it" "No; I shall never care about Gran. I can't holn lfc. rftilllv T enn't TTft in Afnrlnaf.inrrtv sneering, and he thinks himself so much smarter than lie is. Then ho enjoys it when I make a fool of myself ; I seo ho uocs; and— oh, I can't bear him." A pugnacious expression camo into Alfred's face, but passed over, and left it only stern. "Yes,' ho said, " I know his infornal manner; but, when ho sneers, it's only to show what a superior sort of fellow he is ; ho doesn't mean anything by it. Tho truth is, I fear he's be coming a bit of a snob ; but at least lie's a far hotter fellow than you think ; there really isn't a better fellow going. Take my word for it, and for Heaven's sake avoid words with him ; will you promise mo this much, Gladdie ?" " Very well— though I have once or twice thought there'd be a row between us, and though I do think what he'd hear from me would do him all the good iu tho world. But I promise. And I promiso, too, not to gas about Australia to any of them for a wholo week. So theic." They walked on, almost in silence, until Ham Common was crossed and thoy had reached tho middle of the delightful green. And here with the old fashioned houses on three sides of them, and the avenue of elms behind them, and the most orthodox of village (luck ponds at thoir feet— Gladys stopped short, and xairly burst into raptures. " But," said Alfred, as Hoon ns ho could get a word in, which was not immediately, "you go on as though this was the first real, genuine English village you'd seen ; whereas nothing could bo moro entirely and typically English than Twickenham itsolf," "Ah, but this Bcems milos and miles away from Twickenham, and all tho other villages round about that I'vo seen. I think I would rather live hero, which it is so quiot and Btiil, liko a bush township. I liko Twickenham ; but on one side there's nothing but people going up and down in boats, and on tho other side the Bame thing, only coaches instead of boats. Anu I hate tho sound of thoso coaches, with their jingle and rattle and horn blowing ; though I shouldn't hate it if I were on one. "Would you so very much like to fizz around on a coach then ?" 44 "Would I not !" said Gladys. The first person they saw, on getting was Granville, who was lounging in the little verandah where they had taken tea on the afternoon of their arrival, smoking cigarettes over a book. It was the first volume of a novel, which lie was scanning for review. He seemed disposed to be agreeable. 44 Gladys," he said, " this book's about Austra lia ; what's a 4 new chum,' please? I may as well know, as, so far, the hero's one." "A 'new chum,' " his sister-in-law answered him, readily, " is some fellow newly out from home, who goes up the bush ; and he's generally a fool." "Thank you," said Granville j" the hero of this story answers in every particular to your definition." Granville went on with his skimming. On a slip of paper lying handy wcre the skeletons of some of the smart epigrammatic sentences with which the book would presently be pulverised. Husband and wito had gone through into the house, leaving him to his congenial task ; when the Tempter, in humorous mood, put it into the head of his good friend Granville to call back the bride for a moment's sport. " I say" — the young man assumed the air of the innocent interlocutor — 44 is it trno that every one out there wears a big black beard, and a red shirt, and jack boots and revol vers ?" " No, it is not ; who says so ?" "Well, this fellow gives inc that impression. In point of fact, it always was my impression. Isn't it a fact, however, that most of your legislators (I meant to ask you that last night, but our friend the senator gave me no chance) —that most of your legislators arc convicts?" "Does your book give you that impression: too ?" the bride inquired coolly. " No ; that's original, more or lcs3." " Then it's wrong, altogether. But, see here, Gran ; you ought to go out there." "Why, pray ?" "You remember, what I said a 'new chum' was?" " Yes ; among other things, a fool." " Very good. You ought to go out there, be cause there aro the makings of such a splendid "new chum" in you. You're thrown away in England." Granville dropped his book and put up his eye-glass. But the bride was gone. She lmd already overtaken her husband, and seized liim by the arm. " Oh, Alfred," she cried, "I have done it! I have broken my promise ! I havo had words with Gran ! Oh, my poor boy— I'm beginning to make you wish to goodness you'd never seen me— I feel I am !" 