B E A T R I C E . BY RIDER HAGGARD. Author of "King Solomon's Mines," "She," &c.;) CHAPTER XXIII. A DAWN OF BAIN. That crash of the closing door did not awake Beatrice only; it awoke both Elizabeth and Mr. Granger. Elizabeth sat up in bed straining her eyes though the gloom to see what had happened. They fell on Beatrice's bed—surely—surely— Elizabeth slipped up, cat-like she crept across the room and felt with her hand at the bed. Beatrice was not there. She sprang to the blind and drew it, letting m such lights as there was, and by itsearcned the room. She spoke: " Beatrice, where are you ?" PTo answer. "Ah—fa," said Elizabeth aloud. "I understand. At last—at last!" What should she do ? Should she go and call her father and put them to an open shame? No. Beatrice must come back soing time. The knowledge was enough; she wanted the knowledge to use if ne cessary. She did not wish to ruin ber sister unless in self-defence, or rather for the cause of self-advancoment. Still less did she wish to injure Geoffrey, against whom she had no grudge. So she peeped alon; the passage, then returning, crept luc'*: to hec bed like a snake into a hole and watched. Mr. Granger, hearing the crash, thought that the front door had blown open, Rising, he lit a candle and went to see. But of all this Geoffrey knew nothing, and Beatrice naturally less than nothing. She lay senseless in his arms, her head rested on his shoulder, her heavy hair streamed down his side almost to his knee. He lifted her, touched her on the forehead with his lips and laid her on the bed. What was to be done ? Bring her back to life ? No, he dared not—not here. While she was thus her helplessness protected her, but if once more she was a living, loving woman here and so—oh, how should the escape ? He dared not touch her or I00L towards her—till he had made up his mind. It was soon done. Here she must not bide, and since of herself she could not go, why he must take her now, this moment. However far Geoffrey fell short of virtue's stricter standard, let this always be remembered in his favour. tta He opened the door, and as he did so, thought that he heard some one stirring in the house. And so he did; it was Mr. Granger in' the sitting-room. Hearing no more, Geoffrey concluded that it was the wind, and turning, groped his way to the bed where Beatrice lay BB still as death. For one moment a horrible fear struck him that she might be dead. He had heard of lib, and P>cases ot somnambulists who, on being startled from their unnatural sleep, only woke to die. It might be so with her. Hurriedly he placed his hand upon her breast. Yes. her heart stirred—faintly indeed, but still it stirred. She had only swooned. Then he set his teeth, and placino- his arms about her lifted her as thougS she were a babe. Beatrice was no slip of a girl, but a well-grown woman of full size. He never felt her weight; it seemed nothing to him. Stealthily as one bent on midnight murder, he stepped with her to the door and through it into the passage. Then supporting her with one arm be closed the door with his left hand. Stealthily in the gloom he passed along the corridor, his bare feet making no noise upon the boarded floor, till he reached the bisecting passage leading from the sittingrooms. , . , . He glanced up it apprehensively, and what he saw froze the blood in his veins, for there coming down it, not eight paces from him, was Mr. Granger, holding a candle in his hand. What was to be done } To get back to his room was impossible— to reach that of Beatrice was also impossible. With an eftort he collected bis thoughts, and like a flash of light it passed into his mind that the empty room was not two spaces from him. A stride and he had reached it. Ob, where was the handle ? oh, if the room should be locked ? By a merciful chance it was not. He stepped through the door, knocking Beatrice's feet against the framework as he did 60, closed it—to shut it he had no time—and stood gasping behind it. The gleam of light drew nearer. Merciful powers! he had been seen—the old man was coming in. What could he say ? Tell the truth, that was all; but who would believe such a story ! why, ic was one that he should scarcely care to advance in a court of law. Could he expect a lather to believe it—a father finding a man crouched like a thief behind a door in the dead of night with his lovely daughter senseless in his arms? He had already thought of going straight to Mr. Granger, but had abandoned the idea as hopeless. Who would believe this tale of sleep-walking 1 For the first time in his life Geoffrey felt terribly afraid, both for Beatrice and himself ; the hair rose on his head, his heart stood still, and a cold perspiration started on to his face. " It's very odd," he heard the old man mutter to himself; "I could almost swear that I saw something white go into that room. Where's the nandle ? If I believed in ghosts—hullo! my candle has blown out! I must go and hunt for a match. Don't quite like going in there without a light." For the moment they were raved. The fierce draught rushing through the open crack of the door from the ill- fitting window had extinguished the candle. Geoffrey waited a few seconds to allow Mr. Granger to reach his room, and then once more Btarted on his awful journey. He passed out of the room in safety; happily Beatrice showed no signs of re- covery. A few quick steps and he was at her own door. And now a new terror seized him. What if Elizabeth was also walking the house or even awake? He thought of putting his burden down at the door and leaving her there, but abandoned the idea. To begin with, her father might see her, and then how could her presence be accounted for ? or if he did not she would certainly suffer ill effects from the cold. No, he must risk it, and at once, though he would have rather faced a battery of guns. The door fortunately was ajar. Geoffrey pushed it with his foot, entered, and with his foot pushed it to again. Suddenly he remembered that he had never been in the room, and did not know which bed belonged to Beatrice. He walked to the nearest; a deep-drawn breath told him that it was the wrong one. Drawing some faint consolation from the fact that Elizabeth was evidently asleep, he groped his way to the second bed through the deep twilight of the room. The clothes were thrown back. He laid Beatrice down and drew them over her. Then he fled. As ho reached the door he saw Mr. Granger's light vanish into his own room and heard his door close. After that it seemed to him that he took but two steps and was in his own place. He burst out laughing; there was as much hysteria in the laugh as a man indulges in. His nerves were shattered by struggle, love and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merriment. Somehow the whole scene reminded him of one in a comic opera. There wa» a ludicrous side to it. Supposing that the political opponents, who al- ready hated him so bitterly, could have seen him slinking from door to door at midnight with an unconscious lady in his arms —what would they have said ? He ceased laughing; the fit passed— indeed it was no laughing; matter. Then he thought of the first night of, their strange communion, tbat night before he had returned to London. The seed sown in that strange hour had blossomed and borne fruit indeed. Who would have dreamed it possible that be should thus have drawn Beatrice to him ? Well, be ought to have known. If it was possible that the words which floated through her mind could arise in his as they had done upon that night, what was not possible ? And were there not other words, written by the same master-hand, which told ot such things as these: "' Now—now,' the door is heard ; Hark, the stairs! and near- Nearer—and here— ' Now !' and at call the third, She enters without a word. Like the doors of a casket shrine, See on either side, . Her two arms divide Till her heart betwixt makes sign, < Take me for I am thine.' First, I will pray. Do Thou That ownest the soul, • Tet will grant control To another, nor disallow For a time, restrain me now !" Did not they run thus ? Ob, he should have known! This he could plead, and this only—that control had been granted to him. But how would Beatrice fare ? Would she come to herself safely ? He thought so, it was only a fainting-fit. But when she did recover, what would she do? Nothing rash, he prayed. And what could be the end of it all? Who might say? How fortunate that the sister had been so sound asleep. Somehow he did not trust Ejizabeth—he feared her. Well might he fear her! Elizabeth's was that of a weasel. She too was laughing at this very moment, laughing, not loud but long—the laugh of one who wins. She had seen him enter, his burden in his arms; had seen him come with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of his mistake. She had watched him put Beatrice on her bed, and beard him sigh and turn away; nothing had escaped her. As soon as he was gone, she had risen and crept up to Beatrice, and finding that she was only in a faint had left her to recover, knowing her to be out of danger. Elizabeth was not a nervous person. Then 6he had listened' till at length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sister's consciousness, After this was a pause, till presently Beatrice's long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon to sleep. The slow night wore away, and at length the cold dawn crept through the window. Elizabeth still watching, for she was not willing to lose a single scene of a drama so entrancing in itselt and so important to her interests, saw her sister suddenly sit up in bed and pressberhands to her forehead as though she was striving to Tecall a dream. Then Beatrice covered her eyes with hands and groaned heavily. Next she looked at her watch, rose, drank a glass of water, and dressed herself, even to the putting on of an old grey waterproof with a hood to it, for it was wet outside. "She is going to meet her lover," thought Elizabeth. "I wish I could be there to see that too, but I have 6een enough." She yawned and appeared to wake. What, Beatrice, going out already in this pouring rain?" she said, with feigned astonishment. " Yes, I have slept badly, and I want to get some air/' answered Beatrice, starting and colouring; " I suppose that it was the storm." " Has there been a storm ?" said Elizabeth, yawnipg again. "Iheard nothing of it—but then so many, things happen when one is asleep of yhich one's knows nothing at the time," she added sleepily, like one speaking at random. ".Mind that you are hack to say good-bye to Mr. Bingham; lie goes by the early train, you know —but perhaps yon will see him out walking,"and appearing to wake up thoroughly she raised herself in bed and gave her siBter one piercing look. Beatrice made no answer; that look sent a thrill of fear through her. Oh; what bad happened! Or was it all a dream ? Had 6be dreamed that 6be stood face to free with Geoffrey in his room before a great darkness struck her and overwhelmed her ? Or was it the awful truth, and if a truth, how came she here again. She went to the pantry, got a morsel of bread and ate it, for faintness still pursued her. Then feeling better, she left the house and set her face towards the beach. It was a dreary morning. The great wind had passed; now it only blew in little gusts heavy with driving rain. The sea was sullen and grey and giand. It beat in thunder on the shore and flew over the sunken rocks in columns of leaden spray. The whole earth seemed one desolation, and all its grief was centred in thiB woman's broken heart. Geoffrey, too, was up. How he .had passed the remainder of that tragic night we need, not inquire—not too happily we may be sure. He heard the front door cloBe behind Beatrice, and followed out into the rain. On the beacb, some half a mile away, he found her gazing at the sea, a great white gull wheeling about her head. No word of greeting passed between them; they only grasped each other's hands and looked into each other's hollow eyes. " Gome under the shelter of the cliff," he said, and she came. She stood beneath the cliff, her head bowed low, her faca hidden by the hood, and spoke. " Tell me what has happened," she said. " I bare dreamed something, aworse dream than any that have gone before—tell me if it is true. Do not spare me." And Geoffrey told her all. When he had finished she spoke again. " By what shall I swear," she said. " that 1 am not the thing which you must think me ? Geoffrey, I swear by my love for you that I am innocent. If I came— oh, the shame of it I if I came—to your room last night, it was my feet that;" led me, not my mind that led my feet. I went to sleep, I was worn out, and then I knew no moie till I heard a dreadful sound, and saw you standing before me in a blaze of light, after which there was darkness." "Oh, Beatrice, do not be distressed," he answered. " I saw that you were asleep. It is a dreadful thing which has happened, but I do not think that we were seen." " I do notknow," she said. " Elizabeth looked at me very strangely this morning, and she sees everything. Geoffrey, for my part, I neither know nor care. What I do care for is, what must you think of me? You must believe, oh 1—I cannot say it. And yet I am innocent. Never, never did I dream of this. To come to you—thus— ob, it is shameless!" "Beatrice, do not talk so. I tell you I know it. Listen—I drew you. I did not mean that you should come. I did not think that you would come, but it was my doing. Listen to me, dear," and he told her that which written words can ill express. When he had finished, she looked up, with another face; the great shadow of her shame had left her. " I believe you, Geoffrey," she said," because I know that yoju have not invented this to shield me, tor I have felt it also. See by it what you are to me. You are my master and my all. I cannot withstand you if I would. I have littlja .will apart from yours if you choose to^gainsay mine. And now promise me this upon your word. Leave me unin fluenced ; do not draw me to you to be your ruin. I make no pretence, I bave laid my life at your feet, but while I have any strength to struggle against it, you shall never take it up unless you can do so to your own honour, and that is not possible. Oh, my dear, we might have been very happy together, happier than men ana women often are, but it is denied to us. We must carry our cross, we must crucify the flesh upon it; perhaps so—who can say ?—we may glorify the spirit. I owe you a good deal. I have learnt much from you, Geoffrey. I have learned to hope again for a hereafter. Nothing is left to me now—but that—that and an hour hence —your memory. " Oh, why should I weep ? It is ungrateful, when I have your love, for which this miseiy is but a little price to pay. Kiss me, dear,, and go—and never see me more. You will not forget me all your life. Afterwards—perhaps—who can tel!? If not, why then—it will indeed be best—to die." * # • * * It is not well to linger over such a scene as this. After all, too, it is nothing. Only another broken heart or so. The world breaks so many this way and the other that it can have little pleasure in gloating over such 6tale scenes of agony. ' Besides we must not let our sympathies carry us away. Geoffrey and Beatrice deserved all they got: they had jm_ business to pat themselves into such a position. They had defied the customs of their world, j and the world avenged itself upon them' and their petty passions. What happens • to the worm that tries to bqrrow on the highways. Grinding wheels and crushing feet; these are its portion. Beatrice and Geoffrey point a moral and adorn a tale. So far as we can see and judge there was no need for them to have plunged into that ever- running river of human pain. Let them struggle and drown, and let those who are on the bank learn wisdom from the sight, and hold out no hand to help them. Geoffrey drew a ring from bis. finger— it was a common fiat-sided silver ring that had been taken from the grave of a Roman soldier—and gave it to his love. One peculiarity this ring had, however; on its inner surface were roughly out the words, " ave atque vale." Greeting and farewell! It was a fitting gift to pass between people in their position. Beatrice trembling sorely, whispered that she would wear it on her heart, upon her hand she could not put it yet a while—it might be recognized. Then thrice did they embrace there upon the desolate shore—once, as it were, for past joy, once for present pain, and once for future hope, and parted. There was no talk of future meetings—they felt them to be impossible, at any rate for many years. How could they meet as indifferent friends? Too much they loved for that. It was a final parting, tban which death had been less dreadful—for Hope sits ever by the bed of death—and misery crushed them to the earth. He left her, and happiness went out of bis life as at nightfall the daylight goes out of the day. Well, at least ho had his work to go to. Bui Beatrice, poor woman, what had she ? Geoffrey left her. When he had gone some 30 paces he turned again and gazed his last upon her. There she 6tood or rather leant, her hand resting against the wet rock, looking after him with her wide grey eyes. Even through the drizzling rain he could see the gleam of her rich hair, the marking of her lovely face, and the carmine of her lips. She motioned to him to go on. He went, and when he had traversed a hundred paces looked round once more. She was still there, but now her face wa& a blur, and again the great white gull hovered about her head. Then the mist swept up and hid her. Ab, Beatrice, with all your brains you could never learn those simple principles necessary to the happiness of women; principles inherited through a thousand generations of savage and semi-civilized ancestresses. To accept the situation and the master tbat situation brings with it— this is the golden rule of well-being. Not to put out the hand of your affection further than you can draw it back, this is another, at least not until you are quite sure tbat its object is well within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the anger of the fates, you are endowed with those deeper qualities, those extreme capacities of self-sacrificing affection, such as ruined your happiness, Beatrice, keep them in stock; do not expose them to the world. The world does not believe in them; they are inconvenient and undesirable; they are even immortal. What the world wants, and very rightly, in a person of your attractiveness is quiet domesticity of character, not the exhibition of attributes which though they might qualify you for the rank of heroine in a Greek drama, are nowadays only likely to quality you for the reprobation of society. What? you would rather keep your love, your reprehensible love which never can be satisfied, and bear its sling6 and arrows, and die hugging a shadow to your heart, straining your eyes into the darkness of tbat beyond wbither you shall go—murmuring with your pale lips tbat there you will find reason and fulfilment ? Why it is folly. What ground, have you to suppose that you will find anything of the sort ? Go and take the opinion of some scientific person of eminence upon this infatuation of yours and those vague visions of glory that shall be. He will explain it clearly enough, will show you that your love itself is nothing but a natural passion, acting, in your case, on a singularly sensitive and etherealised organism. Be frank with him, tell him of your secret hopes. He will smile tenderly, and show you how these also are an emanation from a craving heart, and the innate superstitions of mankind. Indeed he will laugh and illustrate the! absurdity of the whole thing by a few pun- 1 gent examples of what would happen if these earthly affections could be carried beyond-the grave. Take what you can now will bs the burden of his song, and for goodness' sake do not waste your precious hoars in dreams of a to be. Beatrice, the world does not want your spirituality. It is not a spiritual world ; it has no clear ideas upon the subject—it pays its religious premium and works off its aspirations at its weekly church-going, and would think the person a fool who attempted to carry theories of celestial union into an earthly rule of life. It can sympathise with Lady Honoria ; it can hardly sympathise with you. And yet you will still choose this better part: you will still "live and love, and lose." " With blinding tears and passionate beseeching, And outstretched arms through empty silence reaching." Then, Beatrice, have your will, sow your seed or tears, and take your chanc->. You may find that you were right and the worldings wrong, and you may reap a harvest beyond the grasp of their poor imaginations. And if you find that they are right and you are wrong, what will it matter to you who sleep ? For of this at least you are sure. If there is no future of such earthly love as youre, then indeed there is none for the children of this world and all their troubling. CHAPTER XXIV. LADY HONORIA TAKES THE FIELD. Geoffrey hurried to the Vicarage to fetch his baggage and say good-bye. He had no time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for he could not bave eaten a morsel to save bis life. He found Elizabeth and her father in the sitting-room. " Why, where have you been this wet morning, Mr. Bingham V said Mr. Granger. "I have been for a walk with Mies Beatrice; she is coming home by the village," he answered. " I don't mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could before I go back to the mill. Thank you—only a cup of ten—I will get something to eat as I go." " How kind of him," reflected Mr. Granger. " No doubt he has been speaking to Beatrice again about Owen Davies." "Oh, by the way," he added aloud, " did you happen to hear anybody moving in the house last night, Mr. Bingham, just when the storm was at its height. First of all a door slammed so violently that I got up to see what it was, and as I came down the passage I could almost have sworn tbat I saw something white go into the spare room. But my candle went out and by the time I had found a light there was nothing to be seen." " A clear case of ghosts," said Geoffrey indifferently. It was indeed a " case of ghosts," and they would, he reflected, haunt him for many a day. " How very odd," put in Elizabeth vivaciously, her keen eyes fixed intently on his face. "Do you know I thought that I twice 6aw the door of our room open and shut in the most mysterious fashion. I think that Beatrice must have something to do with it; she is so uncanny in her ways." Geoffrey never moved a muscle, he was trained to keep his countenance. Only he wondered how much this woman knew. She must be silenced somehow. " Excuse me for changing the subject," be said, " but my time is short, and 1 have none to spare to hunt the' Vicarage Ghost.' By the way, there's a good title for somebody. Mr Granger, I believe that I may speak of business matters before Mi?s Elizabeth ?" "Certainly, Mr Bingham," said the clergyman; " Elizabeth is my right hand, and has the best business head Tn Bryngelly." Geoffrey reflected that this was very evident and went on, " I only want to say this. If you get into any further difficulties with your rascally tithe-payers, mind and let me know. I shttll always be glad to help you while I can. And now I must be going." He spoke thus for two reasons. First, naturally enough, he meant to make it his business 'o protect Beatrice from the pressure of poverty, and well knew that it would be useless to offat her direct assistance. Secondly, he wished to show Elizabeth that it would not bo to the advantage ot her family to quarrel with him. It she had. seen a ghost, perhaps this fact would make her reticent on the subject. He did not kuow that the was playing a much bigger game for her own band, a game of which tbe 6takes were a thousand a year, and that 6he was moreover mad with jealousy, and what, in such a woman, must pass for love. Elizabeth made no comment on his offer, and before Mr. Granger's proluse thanks were nearly finished Geoffrey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice, pale and ppiritless, went about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense that could awaken her suspi cions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. B«t at last an event occurred that caused Elizabeth to determine to take the field. One day she met Owen Davies walking along the baach in the semi-insane way which he now affected. He stopped, anl, without further ado, plunged into conversation. ( t I can't bear it any longer," he said wildly, throwing up his arms. " I saw her yesterday, and she cut me short belore could speak a word. I have prayed for patience and it won't come to me, only a voice seemed to say to me that I must wait 10 days more, 10 short days, and then Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrice, would be my wife at last." " If yon go on in this way, Mr. Davies," said Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with jealnus anger, " you will soon be off your head. Are you not ashamed of yourself for making such a luss about a girl's pretty face 1 If you want to get married, marry somebody else." " Marry somebody else!" he said dreamily. " I don't know anybody else whom I could marry, except you, and you are not Beatrice." " No," answered Elizabeth angrily, " I should hope that I have more sense, and if you wanted to marry me you would have to set about it in a 'different way to this. I am not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her sister, and I warn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as friend to be careful. Supposing that Beatrice were not worthy of you, you would not wish to marry her, would you ?" Now Owen Davies, like most ether people who had the privilege of her nc quointance, was at heart somewhat afraid of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters connected with his insane passion, he was very fairly shrewd. Hesuspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what No, no, of course not," he said. "Of course I would Jot marry her if she was not fit to be my wife—but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying any body else. Good afternoon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now ; it cannot go on much longer now. Aly prayers will be answered, I know they will." " You are right there, Owen Davies," thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. Your prayers shall be answered in a way that will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and you shall marry me. The. fish has been on the line long enough, now I must begin to pull in." Curiously enough it never really occurred to Elizabeth that Beatrice herself might prove to be \he true obstacle to the marriage she plotted to prevent. She knew that her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingham, but that, when it came to the point, she would absolutely allow her a Taction to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for one moment believed. Of course she thought it was possible that if Beatrice could get possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard, Elizabeth was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not seem possible that what was so precious in her own eyes might be valueless and even hateful in those of her 6ister. As for that little midnight incident, well, it was one thing and marriage was another. People forget sucli events when they marry; sometimes they even marry in order to forget them. Yes, she mast strike, but hour ? Elizabeth had feelings like other people. She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but she would much prefer that it should not be known that hers was the hand to cut her down. Of course, if the worst came to the worst, she must do it. Meanwhile, might not a substitute be foundsomebody in whom the act tfould seem not one of vengeance, but of virtue ? Ah ! she had it: Lady Honoria! Who could be better for such a purpose than the cruelly injured wife ? But then how should -she communicate the facts to her ladyship without involving herself? Again she hit upon a device much favoured by such people—the pristine one of an anonymous letter, which has the startliug merit of not committing anybody to anything. An. anonymous letter, to all appearance written l»y a servant: it was the very thing! Most likely it would result in a searching inquiry by Lady llonoria, in which event Elizibeth would of course, against her will, be forced to say what she knew ; almost certainly it would result in a quarrel between husband and wife, which might induce the former to show his hand, or even to tako some open step as regards Beatrice. She was sorry for Geoffrey, against whom she had no ill feeling, but it could not be helped; he must be sacrificed. That very evening she wrote her letter and sent it to be posted by an old servant living in London. It was a masterpiece in its way, especially phonetically. This precious epistle, which was most exceedingly ill writ in a large coarse hand, ran thus: "Mr LADI,—My conwence druvs me to it much again my will. I've tried hard, my ladi, not to epeek, first acorse of miss B. as i heve knowed good and peur and also for the sakes of your evil usband that wulf in Eheeps clothio. Bat wheni think on you my ladi a lorful lege wife, gud and virtus and peur and of the things as i hev Been which is enough to bring a blush to the face of a stater, I knows it is my holy dooty to rite your ladishipp as foilers. Your ladishipp forgif me but on the nite of Whitsunday last Miss B. Grainger wint after midnite inter the room of your bad usband—as I was to mi sham there to se. Afterwards more nor an hour, she cum out again cured in his harmes. And if your ladishipp rite to miss elizbeth, as had this eame misfortune to sec as your tra frend, "THE RITEB." (To be continued.) 