A Miser's Inheritance. chapter xi. In his handsomely furnished room in' Clarges:street'.. sat . an . . exceedingly miserable, man. Everything about him denoted luxury and prosperity.' Rich satin draperies hung at the windows and over' the doors; handsome velvet couohes, and .armchairs, and fine inlaid cabinets furnished tlie room"; valuable water- color piotures hung upon the tyaUs ; a few rare bits of cliina stood upoh the mantelshelf. The tables were littered with expen sive knick-knacks,'- and' through the half -drawn portiere that led into the bedroom beyond could bo seen a dress ing-table set out .with gold and silver- topped bottles, and strewn over with jewellery of considerable value. There was a card-bowl filled to the brim upon the table, and a great num ber of invitation cards and notes were , stuck' against the frame of the mirror over the fireplace. In the midst of all this luxurious disorder sat Oswald Power, with his head on the table buried in his out stretched arms-— a picture of absolute heart-broken despair. For He was ruined, indeed — ruined in his fortune and ruined in his love ; and to do him justice, he felt the latter sorrow the worst. Between his clenched hands there was clasped a crushed-up scrap of paper, which had, come to him by last night's post, and which had put the climax to all' his woes. He told him- . self that lie could have borne all save this; but that this last blow was the worst of all — that it would kill him ! He had loved— or fancied he had loved — many times before ; but this last love had seemed to him to have been the strongest and absorbing of all. He thought over her boauty and graciousness, lie recalled the lines of her grand figure, the flash of her wonderful eyes into his, the melodious tones of her sweet, soft voice, until these memories seemed wull-nigh to madden him ; for she had thrown him over basely and cruelly, and in spite of all his love; '.lie perceived for the first time that she -was unworthy — his idol was not only lost to him, but shattered, and fallen for ever. He lifted up a face white and hag gard with misery and sleeplessness, and groaned aloud. " And I owe her father L5000 1" he cried aloud. " Where am I to get as mauy shillings 1 If I could only , pay him oil' I could breathe; but to remain in his debt after this — this from her ! — will choice mo ! 'I clo not suppose there is one among all these fine- weather friends who have sent mo V' so many invitations and been so glad to see me, who would lend nje L5 to day ; and the sharks of tradesmen will he down upon me for their money from every direction. I shall have to bolt, for I shan't be able to pay them, and. goodness only knows what will be left for me to live on ; but if I could pay Col'onel Abbott 1 shoiild not inind." Once more lie dropped his bead into bis hands and groaned. ; He was right. . Out of all the hundreds of men who had Bmiled upon him in his prosperity, who had graSped his lmncl in hearty greeting, who had pressed 'him to dine at their tables and to .stay in their bouses, not one had written him one line, or made him one offer of sym pathy or help in his adversity. In £4 hours the news had fiowri like wild fire all over . the town — that Oswald's old uncle had left him nothing. Already it was the talk of the clubs and the gossip of. the drawing-rooms in which he had been- so favored and welcome a guest. Already men and , women had begun to shake their heads over him. They had never thought much of Oswald. Power; he had had no business to reckpri on his uncle's ' money, and . to pass' himself oft for a rich man. ' The tide had turned against him. They' repeated, as Lady Cor nelia had done, that ho was conceited and empty-headed ; that he had bad manners and a worse disposition. In short, what anybody had ever seen in him to like was inconceivable; they 1 for their parts had always 'thought thepe was somothing not altogether nice about him, ike., &c.; Poor Oswa'd Power! his' day was over; his glory was at an end. Many an ivory and torioisesholl handled pen was scratched through his haino that clay in many a- gilt-edged Russian leatlior visiting book ; and out of many a dainty drawing-room, where he had so often wiled away his idle hours, sipping tea out of fragile cups, teasing the pug, winding up scattered wools, and flirting pleasantly . with the fair owner the while: — out of , many such a room was lie to be for ever banished from this day, and his place was to know him no longer. As to helping him, or lending him mono'', or offering to buy his pictures and his china, his horses anck his car riages from bim at a good price, do you suppose that one of them would have lifted a finger to clo him a good turn of the kind? Ho — r;ot one. Here and there ' some one, kinder- hearted. than the rest, forebore to throw a stone at the fallen bno, and murmured a brief regret oyer the | \- . i . 1 tdT.;,, 1 " change in his position ; but even to those he had' become .. a fallen creature, and as sucli best forgotten as soon as possible. Whilst there was one man — one who had seomed his friend when all had gono well — would have been his near relation — who wont about complaining openly and loudly of hi3 wrongs. " Hang it, sir," this gentleman was saying over and over again to his friends and acquaintances, " the fellow owes mo money, sir ! I'm not a. rich man. I can't afford to lose it. I've a daughter to think of, you know. I must get tho money out of him some how — the unprincipled young scoun drel," and the acquaintances con sidered . that Colonel Abbott was very much to be pitied indeed. As -to Oswald Power's fashionable and hitherto long- suffering tradesmen, you should have seen how they all took out their books on that particular morning, and how glibly they all made out their accounts, and what a hurry of consternation « they were in tt> send off their little bills. There was the tailor and the hatter, and the hosier, and there was the jeweller and the florist, and the perfumer; there was really quite a little commotion in the usually . tranquil establishments apper taining to each of these good gentle men to-day ! For, if rats forsake a sinking ship, vultures are not behind hand in swooping down fiercely upon the wretch who stumbles and falls b'y the roadside of life and lays himself down to perish of his despair. The friends had left him ; tho air was darkening already with the birds of prey that came howling about liim in his destitution and his loneliness. So Oswald Power sat alone in his misery, and knew not where to turn or what to do. Even his landlady had scowled as she brought up his morning tea, and had set down the tray with an angry clatter by his bedside ; for she was thinking of her rent, and that reflection effectually stifled,, every feeling of compassion and sympathy within lior. For, however much we may gloss it over, and however strenuously we may strive to shut our eyes to it, there remains one great fact that is incontrovertible in the philosophy of this world. Tho rich man has many friends — the in solvent man has nothing but foes ; and that is what makes us all so bad, and base, and mean ; that renders society such a sham and a cheat ; that makes us Englishmen what Thackeray hiis told us that, we are — a nation of snobs. That vile thing that blackens our lives and hardens our hearts, and ruins all our noblest instincts, is the love of gold ! " God made gold ; but gold is the god that man has set up." And as he sat there, a ruined and miserable man, there came a ring at his door.. "A gentleman, sir, to see you!" said his landlady, flinging wide open his door. Oswald sprang to his feet. " Oh ! I can't see anybody. Say I'm out !" he exclaimed, hastily, for his imagination flew at once to' some persecuting dun come already to demand money from liim. The landlady possibly thought tho same, arid rejoiced grimly thereat, for there was a glimmer of fiendish satis faction in her eyes. " Too lato, sir ; tho gentleman wouldn't take no refusal. He is fol lowing mo up the stairs. You'll -have to see him !" she added, with a decided laclc of her customary respect; and standing back, she ushered into the room a young man whom at the first moment Oswald did not think ho had ever seen before. Ho looked at him curiously and somewhat uneasily. The stranger waited until the linger ing landlady had shut the door, then ho held outlris hand. " Oswald— do you not know me?" "You are Valentine Eyre," said the other, with a sudden flash of recogni tion ; but he did not hold out his own hand. "Won't you shake -hands?" asked Val. almost pleadingly. "I - don't know why I shouldn't," said Oswald, gruffly. "Though I really don't quite see what . you have come for." Val. glanced round the room. He had had a slight trouble in discovering his cousin's address. His club he had known of, but not his private rooms ; and as his quick eyes took in the de tails of the rioli and luxurious sur roundings — the like of which, iti a bachelor's habitation, ho had certainly never seen before — it did come across Val's. mind to remember that, during all his weary years of toiling by day in a city office — of long solitary even ings in his shabby lodging in tho Fulham - road — Oswald Power had never once stretched out a friendly hand to him — never asked him within his doors — never offered him so much as a glass of water in hospitality. . But the thought was unworthy of him, and Val. felt it to bo so. He colored at what seemed to him to be his own want of charity, and looked his cousin straight in the face. There wasnomistakingthe look of despair and misery there ; Oswald had the appear ance of a man who had been awake all night, and his white face and haggard eyes gave sufficient evidence of the condition of his mind. " This is a bad business, Oswald." The other laughed shortly. "I don't see that you have much cause to say so ; it's all to the good for you us far as I can see." . " I don't think so. I never wished to be very rich, though I should have been glad to be made independent; but it is very hard upon you; One does not wish to judge the dead, b!ut " . " Oil, no, pray don't I What does it signify? It can't be helped ; or altered now." t "No; it can't be altered," repeated Val, gravely; and if Oswald had cherished any secret hopes that his cousin was Quixotically disposed to hand over his fortune to himself, those hopes were thereupon put to flight. " Well, then, what is tlie use of talk ing about it ? I daresay you came here to say you were sorry for me, but I don't want your pity ; I ' daresay I . shall get along all right " " I didn't come to offer pity,(only to see if .1 could' help you. I moan, of. course,", lie said, quickly, with a flush, "in case you are in' any temporary embarrassment. I know that you are quite independent, and have plenty of money to live on, but I thought per haps this unexpected change in your prospects might cause you some annoy ance ; you may liavc reckoned upon it — overdrawn your balance — goo into, debt — Heaven knows what ? May I not help you if this is the case ?" " I do not want your help," began tho other, coldly and ungraciously ; and tlion a sudden thought of Colonel Abbott and the L5000 rushed into his mind ; it was like the grasp of a ropo to a drowning man. " Yet stay," lie said, turning round quickly upon his cousin, " do you really mean what you say, I wonder 1" There was an anxious; troubled ldok in the eyes he fixed upon him. " Oswald," said Val., simply, " al though we are strangers, yet we are cousins. Blood is thicker than water they say, arid our mothers were sisters. You look like a man in grievous trouble— whom should you come to if not to me ? Be generous :to me and let me help you !" Oswald Power was neither clever' rior noble-minded, but somewhere or. other beneath his foolishness there was a soft spot iri his heart ;. he could, not but be touched by this appeal — could not but see that there was no unreality in ;Val. 's offer of - help. A sudden burst of confidence moved him to put his hands out to . the younger man. " Ah ! " he said, " you cannot help me with the worst of my trouble .; and' yet there is something you could do for me if you would. I would not ask you if it were only for the irioriey, but it is for honor- too." \ Val. looked sympathetic and full of interost. "You are a good fellow, Ido'believe, Valentine," continued Oswald, with a ghost of a smile. " You must think me an unmannerly brute, and that I grudge you your good , luck ; but you would forgive me for my bad temper if you knew all. Look here," he con tinued, after a pause ; "it is not only money — though that is bad enough, for I am pretty near - broke and in debtallovertheplace — but there was a woman I loved ! " Poor Oswald ! Once launched upon this subject his secret flowed easily from' his breaking heart ; his voice trembled, and his eyo.i grew dim and blurred as he spoke of it. " A girl whom I was to have married — whom I thought pure, and sweet, and true- '' "Yes — .yes !" murmured Val., with a strangely beating heart. "I thought that she cared for me — for me — myself, you understand, not for any money that I might have — her eyes were so loving, her voice so tender'l Ah I if you had seen her you would have believed in her too !" " Yes !" ho murmured once more, witlt. a. faint, " sickening .dread at his heart. " And : now," continued Oswald; desperately — " now, because I am dis inherited, because I am pool she' has thrown' me over." " Oh ? no, no, no "' cried Valentine, with a passionate reiteration of denial. "Ho, it cannot be possible!" You must -.have misunderstood her'; there must he some mistake !" "Mistake, indeed!" repeated tho other, witli a bitter laugh. . " Hot much mistake about it, I fancy ! Read that." - He tossed the little, crumpled up note into his cousin's hands. Val. opened it ; he had turned very pale. This is what he read : — "I have just heard tho dreadful nowq, and I write at once to give you up for ever — poverty woul'd suit neither of us. You pressed me yester day for an answer. -Do not think me unkind — I have my duty as a' daughter to consider. Under other circum- stancos we might have . boen happy together ; as it is, let us remain good friends, but remember that ' we can never be anything more." There was no signature. Valen tine sat staring blankly, hopelessly at this handwriting, which he had' never seen before, and the ' writing, bold and large in character,' burnt itself for ever into his memory. For a moment he was far away from Clarges-street and Oswald Power, floating on a blue-rippled Westmore land lake; and before him there gleamed a sweet girlish face, with earnest gray eyes, whilst a clear voico seemed to ring once more in his ears, " You see it is the way wry are all of us brought up, wo girls, Nowadays." It was Ethel's voice that soemed to say this to him over again. False, heartless, and mercenary ! Had she said to him— to Valen- tirie Eyre — " I can never love you— never. be yours" — that, he told him self, would have been easy to bear; but that ho should behold her revealed to his eyes in this horrible, this de grading character — this seemed to liim to be an agony that was almost in tolerable. Death may take our dear ones, and their places may bo filled up in our hearts ; but never, never aguin can life restore to us the broken hopes, the shattered illusions of our youth's fond imaginings These things once slain have perished for ever ; these "are griefs for which there is no healing — which leave a soar that time lias no power to obliterate ! " That is woman's love !" interrupted Oswald, with a scornful laugh, break ing in upon his reverie. " My dear Valentine, you are a wealthy man, and I am a ruined one ; but I am older than you, and I've seen the wo.rld and you have not yet entered upon it ; let me give ypu one piece of useful advice before you do s.o — don't put your heart at the mercy of a woman — if you do you will ropont it as I do to day." But Oswald had said this many times about many women. At this moment it was Valentine who suffered the most. "It is sad — very sad," he said, as he gave him back the note, wliidh Oswald replaced in his pocket-book. Val had no iioilbt but that it had been written by Ethel . Ormond, between whom and his cousin' he had Lady Cornelia's authority for believing .there had existed an engagement. " You are right, Oswald, I cannot help you tlierri — I onn only pity you. Let us not speak of it ; tell me' rather what it . is that I can do for you ?" "It is because of — of her — that this other matter' is so bitter to me," said Oswald, hesitatingly. " I owe monoy to— to a member of .her family — they are poor, you know." " Yes ; rind they lent you moriey ?" "Ho; I was foblish eriough to play high — I lost." "It is a gambling debt,- then ?" said young Valerltine, with a frown upon his clear brow. " Well, — a debt of honor." . , " I don't see much ' honor ' inyself about it," replied his cousin, quickly. " How much is it?" "A. great; deal, .1 am afraid— L5000. You see, to remain in debt to anyone belonging to hei'- " " Is absolutely impossible either for you or .for me,"' said Val, hastily. "This is my- business, Oswald, quite as much as yours — there is no difficulty about it at all. , Tell riie the name of your banker,. and .the money shall be paid into your account this afternoori; I will see"about it once." He took out his pocket-book and wrote down a rapid '.riieiriorftixum'; ; .'" But ! surely, Oswald) 1 oan hdlp you more than in this. What are you going to do with 'yourself?"- — " I shall have to holt. I am hor ribly in debt ; and I've been living be yond ... my income. I must go abroad." Val thought a moment, then he said : " Look here, Oswald, I have' a pro position to make to you — with a con dition. "I will pay your debts for you. Give me all your bills and they shall be settled — only let me have everyone of thorn." " My dear fellow, I could not "think of it. , \Yhy slipuld you ?" "Wait; you have not - heard my conditions. By the way — these rooms ? What are you going to do about them ?'" " Sell the furniture, I suppose. I must give them up." " Well, I think they will suit me. I will take them off your hands if you like." ; . " You are too good to me," mur mured Oswald, almost overcome. "Hot at all. I want good rooms, and these will do for me-admirably, and save me' the trouble of furnishing; but I have Lot told you all. I will set you clear on one condition — you must do something for me." " I will do anything- — anything you ask," said Oswald, fervently, ancl lie meant it at the moment. " I want you to go and live up in Westmoreland, at the old Tower." " At Cragstono Edge ? " "Yes — it will be very dull; but you will have plenty to do. ' I am going to do up the old place thoroughly ; it will be redecorated and refurnished through out;;." -'I shall! fceud dowiy workmen frorii town.- The -grounds, too, are- to be laid out afresh ; gardens and shrub beries to be made, and glass-houses built. I shall send practical men dowp from Loudon ; but I wish you to live on tho spot to overlook and direct everything. You will be my agent in fact; be free to exercise your own taste and discretion in everything, The house must - be arranged inside ancl out in a fitting style for a lady's occupation. ' I : intend to marry, and when I marry I shall live there." 'You intend to marry? You are not, -then, warned by- my example?" hazarded Oswald. "Yes, I shall rimriy," replied Val, ; gravely-too gravely' for sudh' a sub- . ject. , " I do not' think. I shall run the same risk 'as you havo done," he added, enigmatically. Oswald did not understand liim, but: ho offered no explanation. " It does not suit me to leave .town, and you will be the greatest help to me up there.. In a year's time I reckon that Oragstorie will bo fit for my recep tion, ancl for that of . the lady whom I shall make my wife. I do not know her yet," he added, with a smile, as he caught Oswald's puzzled , expression. " Woll, do you agree to my terms ?" " With all my heart. How, indeed, could I do otherwise?. They are simply salvation to me." "Very well. In a year's time y.ou will pull round. Of course you" live at my expense, and you will be able to. face the world again." And then ho went away, leaving Oswald Power under the impression that, though a good -fellow, he was decidedly rather mad. . to be continued. 