STAGE, SONG, AND SHOW. Shifting the Scene. Toole and "School," Another " Royal " ' Arrival— Hltrh Hats off the Line— Initiation of Ibsen— Variety Ventures- Sundry Scraps. Tho Toole season is a thing of the past, and at tho prcsbnt moment, if all has gone well, tho grand old comedy merchant and his band of faithful assistants aro bounding beautifully— at least, we hope, bcuutifully — o'er the bilious billow, bound to Brisbane in the Birksgate. What are tho impressions J. L. T. lias loft behind him? They are various and as sorted of course, and we are quite prepared to hour one man call Iiiin the most delight fully humorous person ho has ever met, and wo aro also equally prepared to hear another who accounts himself no slouch of u judge, describe him as a funeral on a wet day. Opinions must differ naturally, hut we will venture to assert tliut to tho play- going publio of this oily the visit of Mr. Toole and his company has been provocative of a heap of sound, healthy amusement, and the means of amassing a very respectable profit for the principals in tho speculation. Outside his business Mr. Toole has been a lion of popularity, his kindly genial ways having tnade for him! scores of friouds in this city. As for. the pieces presented during the season, we are 1 strongly of opinion that a very much more useful opening bill might have been chosen, seeing that it was only at the eleventh hour that a sample of really sound work was given. Mr. Toole, as an actor-manager of many years' experience, must ken his ain keu best, but also, as a senBiblo man, ho is open to learn from experience, and Bhould he return the takings for the last two or three bills he played, aB compared with those of the earlier ones, should teach him a useful lesson, for this city anyway. A lot of unkind things have been Baid by some critics about the company that sup ported Mr. Toole, and in other quarters their presence in the bill lias been blandly ignored altogether. Whatever may be the general opinion on tho matter the fact re mains that — at least bo far as tho Sydney experience shows— in tho majority of Mr. Toole's pieces tho support is apportioned work of tho most washy character, and _ only in "Dot," "The Serious Family." and "Off tlio Line" were the members of the company afforded a slightest chance of showing what they were capablo of. It is the people who never can learn to make allowances for a hopelessly bad part who aro the first to say hard things about tho player. What we have to say about the company lias been said already, but we may add, now that they can't hear us, that in this city they made themselves popular with everybody they mot, and having gone tho sale of Rechabite. beverages will drop 90 degrees. Tho sorviees of the affable Mr. G.corgo L. Goodman, ot the Theatre Royal, havo again been handsomely antl gracofully acknow ledged, and this time by Mr. Toole, who before leaving called Goody round "behind" and handed him a silver cigar cose elegantly chased, and inscribed "From J. L. T. to Goody." The recipient beamed with pride as ho modostly drow it witli tender euro from his pocket, and he values it oven more highly than ho did tho schnnpper when he first yanked him from tho bosom of the vasty deep. With tho thormometcr at 48 ono has got to bo onl husiastic to forego one's bed to see a departure by boat at midnight. And yet tho party which braved tho chilling breezo and risked the visitation of sundry ills to see Mr. J. L. Toole and liis company off to Brisbane was a large and an enthusiastic one. Friends and admirers by the score crowded the decks of the Birks- gato bidding adieu, and mingling with the tears of regret the festive moisture retailed for purposes of comfort and consolation. Mr. Toole himself, hemmed in by a party of friends, was making tho last moments' merry ones by liis own genial method, and tho ladies of the company - were exchanging pretty adieux with a crush of sad-oyed admirers, whilst Shelton was holding forth on tho beauties and advantages of the Reehabito system. In the midst of all tiio pleasantly tho . hoarse- voiced sailor yelled "Any Irioro for the shore ?" and in response we loft tho ship, whilst a ehoor for "the good old governor" aroused tho residents of "tho rooks," and with mutual farewells and duzcus of rash promises the Birksgate slowly moved out. The high expectations that have beon formed of the advent .of tho Noilie Stewart Opera Company are to he realised to-night, when, for the first time on any stage in this eity, a now opera- eomiquo after " Chivot and Duru," written by H. B. Farnie, composed by Planquotte and en titled " Paul Jones," will bo produced. You don't want to hear all about tho brilliant achievements of Miss Stowart and her following in this work in Melbourne, those facts have readied here long enough ago, nor will you need an introduction to tho majority of tho company, most of whom are exceedingly popular in this city. The first and most important interest in the in auguration- will bo of course the welcome that is sure to bo accorded to Miss Stewart, whoso long and creditable work in Sydney lias made lier the most popular artiste in hor line that we havo over known here. Anew face will bo thatof Miss Marian Burton, a charming woman and - an excollont con tralto, who will make, hor Sydney debut this evoning. Then many of you will seo Mr. G. Snazello for the first time in his proper lino of business, to say nothing of Mr. Woodfiold, an unforgotten favorite, and "Johnnie" Gourlay, funny as they make them, and Miss Aggie Kclton, the pretty, piquanto soubrotto of tho cast, and a host of otlior clever and mostly beautiful folk. Altogether tho occasion will be ono of blinding splondor, and for tho benefit of thoso who cannot be there we will attend, and tell them all about in on Monday. Wo are requested to notify our lady readers that throughout tho forthcoming opera season tho Rbyal authorities have clccidod to mark off a few rows of stalls for occupation at dress circle rates. In theso seats ladies will be permitted to wear morn ing dress and bonnots, to which wo add our own proviso that tho bonnets shall be of a strictly reasonable , altitude. All too soon it' sceins to us, and to tho management too very probably, "School" has broken up, 'and ,'tho final performance of that extraordinarily successful comedy was given last night before another crammed liouso. The incoming tenants are anxiously waiting to move in, so in the very climax of his popularity Robertson must make ivay for the sombre thoughtful Ibsen. For. return dates, however, " School " will prove a veritablo ace of trunipB. Wo aro to havo our first opportunity this evening at tho Criterion of sampling a work of Heinrik Ibsen-, the Norwegian poot and playwright, wIiobo writings havo of-lato been arousing so much discussion in Europo. lbson, who began life by launching works of a romantic character, latterly turned his able attention to what is known as tho "realistic " school of writing, and it is over dramas of that stamp— "The Pillars of Sooioty," " Ghosts," "Tho Young Men's League," and "A Doll's Houso" to wit — that the profound thought of tho writer has ovoked so much disoussion. Ibsen, above all things, is a worker witli a mission, and that mission he pursues . with a southing pen directed ngkin'st the hollow follies and frauds of the social and other phases of life. In "A Doll's House" the relationship between husband and wife is tho subject of the reasoning and thought which the author lias bestowed upon liis work. In tho play referred to ono will find food for deep reflection in the dootrino propounded rather than depth of plot or rapidity of action, and in she interpretation of Ibsen's character of his hcroiuo, Nora Hellmor, a most accomplished and intelligent actress, Miss Janet Achurch, will bo seen for the first time in Sydnoy. The Biipport will bo unusually strong, com prising such people as Messrs. Titheradge, Flejnming, and Chart ington, and Miss Fanny Enson. There is no mention of a change in con nection with tho run of " After Dark " at Her Majesty's, so it is to he supposed that business continues, to maintain a satisfac tory standard. Oh tho one evening upon which ' we shed tho 00-candlo power efful gence of our presence around the auditorium the audience was numerically to our satisfaction, and the piny, so far as we could judge, had lost none of its pristine popularity. When an alteration is made it will bo in favor of Miss Maggie Moore and " Meg." Tho return of the Hallh-Norudo combi nation is preliminarily announced, and you aro reminded that for the positively last three .recitals, which are to take place on Saturday, July 19, Monday 21, and Wednes day 23, the box plan was opened at Rating's to-day. If you would catch sweet melody on tho hop book at once. Lovors of the variety kind will note please that Mr. Fred. Hiscocks will, on Monday night, at 8 p.m. sharp, introduco at tlio Gaiety -theatre a new specialty lot from England, Ireland, .and Murka. Tho com bination will bo: seen, in an arrangement; of exceeding beauty, entitled "Irish Aris tocracy," in which the Harvey Bro thers (ex Orizaba), musinal grotesques, and Gilbert, tho greatest delineator of Irish character that ever said "Bo gob, that's hard," Frank M. Clark, Australia's own pet, and Eliwood, the female imper sonator, will appear. As on the other 34 occasions upon whioh Mr. Hiscocks has in troduced novelties, he declares it to be the most wonderful combination of talent that ever crossed the line. So may it prove. , We have been favored with a letter from a .gentleman signing himself "First Nighter," lii which, he complains of tho nuisance caused to the occupants of the Theatre Royal drc33 circle by the constant slamming of the entrance door. Ho con siders it a nuisance of the most aggravating character, seeing that it interferes with the enjoyment of tho play. What he recom mends as an amelioration of the . trouble is the substitution of a pair of swing .doors, snch as . thoso U3cd in the vestibule below,. Now wo como to think of it, "First Nighter" lins a very just complaint, and wo have from time to timo turned a savage eye on some 'careless fiend who, arriving late, has allowed the door to slam to just at tho very moment when the house was listening hard so as not to miss a word of an impressive scene. 'To that of " First Nighter " wo add our sugges tion thai; swing, baize doors may be fixed, and should this be done tlio approach to the circle will bo improved, and an unnecessary nuist nco remedied. Rumor — good old hearsay — lias been at it again. This time gossip says tlmt an eminent English comedian— at present living not 100 leagues from . he Post-office — offered a charming Australian soubrutte — at this moment not an hour's walk from tlio Town Hall— an engagement if she would go to " the smoke," Can you guess, perspi cacious reader, who tho parties are? Of course you cau, tho thing's as plain as a pikestaff, but whether tlio charming soubretto " took on" tho eminent English comedy purveyor deponent, sayeth not. Well might some actors exclaim, " Who steals my purso steals cash, but he who filches from me my good gags robs me of that which not enriches him and makes me poor indeed." Uufortuntatoly — or fortunately, if you think that way — the custom of im proving on the author is growing, and at tho present rate of development it is'dilli- cult to suy what comic opera — we mention that class of entertainment as the one in which "gagging" has reached its most aggravated form — will be like say 10 years hence. For our own part we hold that gagging in reason is, like everything else done in moderation, all right, but when the thing is horribly over done, as it not infrequently is, wo commend tlio action of managers 'in putting it down witli a firm hand. All this, of course, has nothing to do witli a disagreement that took plaoo the other evening between a popular operatic buffo and a very well kuown manager. The actor was naturally loth to part witli liis precious gags, and urged . tliat tlioy had gone "like a bag of cherries" in Mel bourne, but Mr. Manager was obdurate, and said the gags interfered with tlio action and progress of the opera, and he wouldn't havo them. Whereupon tlio comic man turned upon him a withering eye and said in tones ot mingled anguish aud wrath, " Well, it really is sickeuun." During the first weok in August Harry Rickards will open at tho School of Arts witli a variety lot, if that's any news to you. From Melbourne we have received notices in the daily press of Arthur Lawrenco's per formance of Humpy Logan in "Master and Man." All the critics are unanimous in declaring Arthur's display in this character to bo one of tho finest studios of tho kind ever seen in Melbourne, And wo can readily boliove it. On Monday and Tuesday evenings next tlio public will have opportunities of hear ing that famous lecturer, the Rev. Charles Clarke, who, by groat eloquence and perfect method, has earned a world-wide reputation. On the evenings named Mr. Clarke will, at the School of Arts, givo " A Now Dickens Entertainment," a lecture to which wo would strongly commend tiio attention of our readers. . Tho lecture chosen for. his. re-appoaranco in Sydney is a new one on Charles Dickens, and from tho list of illustrative recitals, which includes A. Pickwickian Shooting Party, Sidney Carton's Sacrifice (a talo of two cities), David Copporfield in Chambers, and Dr. Marigold's Prescriptions, this now locture ought to becomo as popular us tho now his toric ono on tho "Tower of London," in which Mr. Clarko first made liis name. The popular lecturer will bo accompanied by " the muoh-travollod," to whose hands the management of the tour is entrusted. Alhambra patrons will romomber, please, that the regular Saturday matinee will take place this afternoon, when a programme, rioh witli music and humor, will be presen ted; On Monday night the Connors Brothers, , colored acrobats, will re-appear at this hall, in conjunction with the usual aggregation of variety talent. The first of a series of smoke concerts in connection with tlio N.S. W. Artillery took Slaco in the gymnasium hall, Victoria .arracks, on Thursday evening. About 250 , were present, and tho concert from first to last was a great success. Among those pre sent were Colonol Airey and many officers,- A programme of a most varied character was gone through, and the fact that each item was enthusiastically encored is sufficient proof of tho ability of those who contributed towards the success of tho entertainment. At tho first interval Colonel Aircy, in a few appropriate words, apologised for Colonel ' Spalding, who wa3 unavoid ably absent. Ho hoped that similar concerts would he held. Tlio band was present, and rendered some excellent selec tions during the ovening. The wholo of tho arrangements were conducted under tho personal supervision of the warrant-officer,. Master Gunner Griffiths, and great praise is .duo to the efforts of that gentleman for the success of the whole affair. The Boxley Amateur Dramatio Club's per formance at. tho Roakdule Town Hall, on Tuesday night last, in aid of the public library, was attended with their usual success. " My Sweotheait" was what Ihcy essayed in in this their latest effort. There were about 200 people in the hall when Hie curtain rose ; but, as a good many tickets were sold outside, it maybe that tho fund will bo helped. Tlio performance was up to the standard of amateurs, but owing to the limited stage accommodation the waits wore somewhat long, though tlio Rockdulo Orchestral Society came to the rescue in u marked manner by favoring tho audience with well-played selections. Tina, the heroine, was represented by Miss Cissy York in the first act, who, for a first ap pearance, acted tho part wonderfully well, her song, J' Just to pleaso tho boys," being received with applause. Miss. M. Osborne took hor placo in the second and third acts, and gave satisfaction. Miss Vincent was was fair as Mrs. Hatzcll. Miss Brown's acting as Miss Flcetlior was a fea ture in tho pieco being really good. Of tho male characters the palm must be awarded to Mr. S. Burns, as Dudley Har- eourt, while next wo must place Mr. L. 15. Proddoy, as Mr. Hutzell. Then follows Mr. \V, Preddoy, as Tony ; Mr. York and tho otlior gentlemen doing their part very well. Tliochildtoii in their work reflected great credit on tho trainers. Tlio scenery, painted by Mr. YV. Preddoy, who is a hard-working manager, was very good. The members should mako it .their business to become lettor perfect, as many points hi the play were nob appreciated owing to tlio playors missing their cue. Theatre-goers aro especially requested to note that during tlio opera season, which will bo inaugurated at the Royal to-night, tlio overture will commence each ovening at 7.30 .punctually, nt which hour the manage ment liopo visitors will havo "shaken down.". Tins arrangement is to be com mended, as it will enable, thooe living at a distauco to get home at a respectable hour. Tho farewell benefit tendered to Mr. Tooio cumo off last night before a houso that well nigh bulged out in the street. Tho programme comprised "The Spital- fields Weaver," "Off the Bine, " and "The Birthplace of Podgors." Of the fii'Bt-named farce wo cannot as a work say much in favor, but all tho sumo it was interesting to see the famous comedian in a mart with which his name has for so long been intimately as sociated. His performance of Simmons is ono roar from start to finish, and although one cannot help fooling that nowadays we are centuries ahead of such stuff as " The Weaver," yet tho individual performance of tile old fashioned, vulgar, but right-hearted Simmons is delightful in its rich humor. Messrs. Billington and Wilson and Miss Vanbrugh, handicapped with having to talk twaddle, got through bravely. "Off the ' Line" — the gem of them all — waB again re ceived with delight by the crowded house. Half crying, half laughing, and altogether charmed the audience watched the develop ment of tho dear homely history, and ot the conclusion of Harry Coke's part ing with his wife tlio hdiiso broke out into a storm of genuine and sympathetic ap plause. Mr. Toole's Hai'ry Coke, Miss Johnstone's pathetic picture of the heart- brokeu wife, Mr. YVestland's Brass, and Mr,. Sliclton's Puffy will always live in the inoniories of Sydney audiences. At tlio con clusion of "Off tlio Line" Mr. Toole stepped bofore tho baize, and bade a regret ful farewell to liis Sydney friends for all the kindness and courtesy extended to him. Never had lie in all the long course of his career played so delightful an engagement, and among tho many others that he hoped in the future to till the kindly appreciation of his Sydney friends would nov'or be for gotten. They wero going away for a long tour through the colonies, but before re turning homo ho hoped to fill a short engagement in Sydney— (applause)— wlien he would show them some more of his pieces. Ho again thanked them deeply and truly for his own part and on behalf of .his company. The good old " Birthplace of Podgers," in which Mr. Toole as Tom Cranky.is " a ,'ard workin' man, with a hour for his dinner," concluded the bill. -The comedian was again uproariously funny, and in his merVy work he was ably helped by Miss Liston, as .the relic-hunter who triumphs in tho end, and carrios away as a priceless memento of a great discovery the pepper-box of tho Crankys. Mr. Lowne, in long hair, ditto hat, and abridged pants, caused a heap of fun, and so did Miss John stone, Mr. Shelton, Mr. Gunn, and several other folk. tv\\. n /rAMf si YY? ml . .. u .1 1. _ 3 S i l .inv iijuuiu iuta ivrntngca ior un© usual afternoon sacred and classical concert to-morrow at Bondi, admission to which will bo by froo ticket. Miss Tilly Sallinger, Miss A. Baker, Mr. Hustings, Mr. E. Phillips, and Mr, E. G; Wilson will all sing, and it may be depended upon that tho programino will bo an excellent one. The City Brass Band will bo present. 