Facts About Africa. Stanley opened the gateway to the Congo Valley, and introduced an era of geographi cal sensations and surprises unequalled eince the discovery of America. For five years every mail from the Congo has brought new facts for the maps, and every year nas iur- niehed its remarkable surprises. The river, which eleven years ago was not elaseed among the large rivers, we know now is second only to the Amazon in the volume it pours into the sea. Its resistless out-flow is not for a moment interrupted by the Atlan tic tides, and though they invade it as an undercurrent at its very mouth fresh water can always be dipped from its yellow sur face. Two tributaries have been explored — the Mobangi and the Ca?fi —which are longer than any rivers in Europe except the Volga and the Danube. For great distances in its middle course the river is twenty miles wide, and midway in the stream, where islands do not intervene, a water horizon bonndBthe vision on every side. The Bayansi natives on the South shore hardly knew who lived across the river be fore the advent of the whites. Pushing their way among a myriad of islands, steamers pass without being aware of each other's proximity. The Emm Belief Ex pedition with its fleet of steamers went np the river unobserved by white men on the banks. Stanley was accused of exaggeration when, four .jssm ago, - he estimated, that there were five thousand miles of navigable waters above Stanley Pool. We know now that light-draught steamers at Leopard- ville have before them unimpeded water ways aggregating over seven thousand miles of navigation. The additions of geographical information have been an unbroken series of surprises ; and the remarkable facts concerning mil lions of people who are now first revealed to the world are even more interesting and un expected. The explorers have had a great variety of experience, from amusing to tragical, with these boisterens and some times dangerous children. Some of tbem thought the strange visitors were ghosts, and others that they were cannibals, who bad come among them simply because black men were plentiful there Bnd good to eat. Canned meats were looked upon as reserve supplies of human flesh. Good management, tact, a little harmless deceit, or spectacuiar display, bas usually sufficed to transform enemies into friends. Savorgnan opened the route np the Ogowe Hirer through the formidable Pahouin tribe, who had turned Du Cbaillu and all other white men back, by filling the sky one night with an amazing display of rockets, Boman candles and whirligigs. Wissman also found fireworks effective when a chief told him that the passage of a certain river would be the signal for war. The shriek of a steamer whistle bas sent many a hostile little fleet scurrying lor shelter. These explorers have found that probably one-third of the people of the Congo BaBin, which is eupposed to contain about twenty millions, are cannibals. As a rule they do not eat women. Cannibal tribes are often superior in physique, intelligence, and in their arts, to the natives who abhor their practices. Snowing that the whites abhor the practice, the natives often deny at first that they eat human flesh, but when they can no longer conceal the fact ol their indul gence they boldly justify it. The Manyema told one explorer that their neighbors were thieves and ongbt to be eaten. The Bangala were rather bright in Bome of the answers they made to Coquil- hat's words of protest. "This is horrible 1" he said to a chief, whom he caught at dinner. " On the contrary, it is delicious with salt," was the reply. " This is a bad use to put a man to," Co- qnilbat remarked to another. " All yonr talk about man being each a great being," the chief answered, " shows that human flesh is the best sort of food, It is a noble aliment, while the flesh of mere animals is a vile sort of nourishment." The more intelligent cannibals admit that when they eat men they destroy a source of wealth, but they say they cannot renounce a great pleasure to secure a doubtful gain. The Bengala, for instance, believe that the bravery and other qualities of a victim are imparted to those who partake of his flesh. A white man, who had long lived among them, sayB he saw only three cannibal feasts in five months. There are many tribes with whom human flesh is an article of daily diet if they can get it. Thongh it will un doubtedly he a very slow process, there is reason to believe that as the influence of the white man extends, cannibalism in the Congo Basin will gradually disappear, ae it has from many Pacific islands. Stanley's Iron Rule in Africa. Thomas Stevens gives this report of a con versation he had with Henry M. Stanley: — "Of course I wanted to give all of Emin'e people who desired to come out with us a chance to come in, and for this purpose we campod at Eavalis, at the southwest corner of the Albert Nyanza, from the 14th of February to the Sth of May. To this camp Emin'e people began to flock in, among tbem a number of Egyptian officers and Soudanese soldiers Among these officers Jepheon pointed out to me rebels who were known to have been plotting against him. He kept a Eharp eye on these gentlemen and soon dis covered that they were tampering with our men and conspiring against US in onr own camp. 1 at once had the ringleader put under arrest. On him we found criminating correspondence, proving conclusively that he was in the Madbist plot to capture us all. At tbis time I was almost reduced to a skeleton by my second attack of gastritis. I ordered a court- martial to try him. He was found guilty on every count. I was in my tent on the flat of my back, so weak and emaciated that I couldn't sit up. I made tbem prop me up in a chair, however, and I swallowed a bracing tonic to strengthen me to the task of pronouncing sentence on this villain. I de termined to make such an example of him that there would be no further conspiracy in our camp, at anyrate. "They brought him before me. The people stood around in silence. I looked at him and mustered what little strength 1 had to address bim : " ' We came through a thousand diffi culties and have risked our lives a hundred times to save and Euccour you, and now, in return for all we have passed through for your sake, what do you do ? You conspire in our own camp to have us taken as slaves to Khartoum I A oourt-martial of white men and of your own comrades have given you a fair trial and you have been found guilty on every count— depart to God !' ' The people were so wrought upon by these words and the whole scene," said Mr. Stanley, " that they rushed as one man and seized him. ' What Fhall we do with him ?' they shouted. ' What shall we do with him V " ' To God with him — take bim to God !' and I pointed to a limb of a tree. " The next minute a rope was around his neck and a hundred willing hands were hauling him np, running away with the rope. " ' Now you see," I cried, addressing the rest of the Egyptians, ' now you see you are not in Wadelai. There will be no coaxing, no patting on the back with me. I'll hang every traitor among you I can lay hands on 1' " The above must have been a fine piece of tragedy to have witnessed. It was some thing even to hear Mr. Stanley repeat it in our peaceful camp at Msuwa, where we baited a day at the special request of Baron You Gravenruth. It vgas the first time I knew Mr. Stanley to be a first-class tragedian. leg 