The Man in The Mask ; OR, ' A 'Desperate;, Stratagem. 1 Told dV in ExDetective. Daring four merilbs'" The Man in the Utile" was a celebrity hi Winoliff rind around tbs'pls'cri for soverol miles. Ho woo also s mystery. His existence dorildnotbo.doubted even by those who had not scon him, beosuis the stories told cthls oeerislrinril anuesrrincts were eo clear arid oir'cdriiita'atiril'aa to bo ab- eolUtoly . convinoiDg. Those' who had soon him rfcra'emborid Iho meeting with pain. Ilis'iritcryjew's with the fiw perrons be hod eUesen. to' favor with bis attention were usually short, sharp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all the money, the natob, arid enjr other artioles of valua wbloh tho pereon pmtieslon, end the demand was followed by surrender. Tho terrible alternative was In- llmatfcd by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in thofsaa of the petsoa whose goods were required; ' The mon who had met " The Man in tho Mask," and continued their way mush poorer inconsequence, could not deeeribs him. His face writ completely covered by a dark grey mask. The) could only see ho was a big fellow, with a buuoh on his hack, mounted on a powerful horeo, and that bis voico was deep and gruff. Tha p'eopla in Winoliff did not know any.man who answered to that im pelled description. His . appoaraneo bad not ; been modo at any .placo mora than lira miles distant from Winoliff, yet to everybody in'and around the ' plaoo tho daring robber wuamy'Btery. , In no inatanao had the mysterious Man in tbo . Mask found it nooessafy to' infliqt bodily ' injury, in order So secure tho booty he sought. But' thq'friot that ho vfaa a- robber who re- vived iho prsaficos of tho highwayman of old .was iuflloieritly . dliquietlng;. It might bo soiris chivalrous eentlm'ont that led bim to spare tha persons and , the pockets '. of men whose all was but a lfttlo. He; appeared oaly. to moss who were reputed 'risbi and extorted from fear tha gold ho oonld not gain by 'mats lawful arid:"honest. means. Ha was,, th'eio'-. fore, vcryriaturally set 'down'in tho mindB Of all law.-respeoting . 'pereons as n misercaut wbosri ! Bripple'sBlori. beeatna'/ an Xmperativo duty; ' Tha pdrfonririnob of ths'dnty devolved oh me;AridI Bet riiytilf reSbl'Uttly to the taek .atrisUetiriilugtbd mystery; that rihroUdad the Man iri the Mask, '.'Ono oVcriliig in ' February a gentleman: fat'riied ; VV elham' was . drlvlrig'towards Win. cliff. Hra'vehM0wris a''lighl gig,'In whibh ha' /requeritiy tri'yCllcd long diBtailQea, rind diepiriyod rill tbo -good points of tho iioreo thrit happened to'bo.Undor hiiT:ooritroI: 4A hbhby of bis'youth; wbiah dld.'riot apear'to' iosa onyof itsBtrenglhthobgbhfe ago waain the'fiftiesjwaB' to'drivb'a good horse; arid his' 'rimplorriicshb' enabled him/to indulge that expensive tiafdiri all seasons/ ' Mr. Welbam was driving towards Winoliff, intendng to patroriise.its.well known hostelry, the Iioobuok Inn, for.tbe.nigbt, and to drive over the twenty-two .miles of road that lay .6etwc'cn.WirioUfl;and London on-tho follow-!, ing-moroing.- ... . ... ' '<rhn tttnkk'knil fnltfln' fltlddariltr. Tiin-cVr,; waB oloudcd, ond thq horeo' was pursnlug his way at a inode'ratb paob wheri: Isss than fits' mifqs from the intendsd haltirig.piaob; Tho' traveller; wriri anticipating tlio light, warroth, rind aniriial obmfort!)f6r man and beast thot ;werb to' bo fonrid at tho inn, when an ovcht ocburred that govq a .tery different ions and character to his; thoughts.- ' ' r Mr. ' Welhritai Jwris; approoohing' a1 point where a wido, grassy lane opeUdd on the high rood. When noar that polni, a mounted man auddenly omergeddrom tbo lone arid reined; up- bis boiso in thp centre of tho road.aa-if to bar his p'rbgrqiiq;'.; Mr. : Welbam ' peored into tho rider's face oe; he approached bim. It wOlild bo more exflbt to Bay hb looked inqolr- ipgly at thrit' pbriibri; of- the man' between ! bieaet and hrit,:brit friiled'todiebovera frioe,: .'! Stop r'.wari rib'oritod iri a muffled voice.. ,. Tha Btrringer's/arm iwas extoudod, arid a shining revolvor vwos ' plainly 1 Soon firmly grasped in; hia- band, the muzzlo of wbiabi looked: like aionna.duU.blaokoyo.Bta'riog monaoingiy into Mr/Wclham's faoo.: In an instout tho gontlbmon rCalieed that ho' was intbb preeoqeo of thoredonbtiblo Manin tha .Maek.- ".u Why ahoutd I stop? Who are yod to'. givo euohotl. order?;' oxclafmcd Rfr.Wolham, at tho earns timo, howovor, pulling up bio horeo no ito head nearly . tonohod that of tho rinimolbri. whibh (hp masked manf wso mounted. \- « Btop to savo.ypnr- lifo, .it yon think itworth saving; ; If yonr bono movee a yard I'll etbp him with vri ballet; arid :' then havo mora ready for you. Try irie, if yen like. You oeo; I bold youriifcin my hando ;.but I don't. want your lifo if l can gefc'your mbnby without it.' I rim deaperato; rind I can't wasto time. Dowhat l. osk, nnd you may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the uoxtin- otant you will,, bo "o dcad man, nnd l will tako what I want." - . It was a deop, Hoarse, but torribly earnest voloo that oamo from behind tha mask. :Tho wordo woro not opokon in n v/ay that gave any hintof agitation or paEoion. Tho voioo was probably disguised, but it was' ,00 ovbnly emitted that tbs hearer could not doubt tbo speaker meant to do, all ! ho said— even to murdor— rather tban pormit hio victim io ovadoor frustrito him. :: .. I'- Whot doyou want ?'! Mr. Wolham said, reobgriiDing! tha necessity for . ooming lo teruie with hioaesailant. " Money, and everything I; may turn into' money; . Qolokl .. .Ypnr purso.your watoii, your jowcle. Liy thora in my hond-roli. Drop tho reins. If you ottompt to esqapo or to resist you will forco mo to murdor. Qaick l — ondhewarb 1" , Tho Man in tho MaBk walkod hio horso to tho side of tho gig, kocping Mr. Wclhnm co vered with tho revolver nntil the muzzle of tho weapon pearly touohed bia ear. The gentleman inetantly . df cided . that' ho moat oobmit to tbo robbery .00 tho loabt'of two ciillo between vrbioh ho woo pompollcd to bhooeo. The ' property demanded woo placed in tho robbcr'a left hand. Ho transferred it to a pookot in the elds of .She long. dark oloak bo gpie, whicbcjotely aqycred him from: . !' You havo robbed mo. oi everything," Mr, I Welbam said, hopiog tbo Man. in tbo Mask would socept that intimation tbst hio hue!- ncea waaoomplotod and permit tno viatim to pureuo hia way. . , "Hot yot. Yon havo a book, . or aaso, tbst may bo flllod with voluabla papora." V \- " Only a fow letters and papers relating to business." .. "I want nono of them. But bring out your book and opon every scrap oi tha paper before mo. Do not try to ohoat mo, mind.'.'. . . , " Cheat / ' repeatod Mr. Welhom, particu larly emphasising tho word. , Ho .prodnoea bis pookct-book, however, and proceeded to apan each paper it con tained, - so that the robber, in tbo light afforded by tho gig-lamp, oonld discover its oharnator. -From an-. inner, pookot :0f tho book tho masked man directed him. to draw folded papcrs, whioh proved to bo thrco ten- pound notes. It is hardly noeeeeary. to add that '..Iho robbor immediately.- conscd them to ba placed in his bona. He directed Mr. Welbam to occaro his other -pspore. When tbst was dono ho foroed him to turn his bono and diivo book olpng tbo road .ha bad trovereod. Whon ho hod driven abont a milo, ho might return;, but it ha attempted to follow tho Mask, the conoequenoce would bo fatal, Halt an hocr Bfter bis nnpleasant ndvon- tnro pn lba road, Mr. Wclham arrived at tbo hogback, in Winoliff. His first cars was tor his horse, whioh waa deoidediy. weary after an nnnsoally long day's jonrnoy., Whon ho bad seoo the animal oonveyod to tbo stable, he entered thc inn, ,wria snpplied with a draught of brandy and water, aad asked the nearest way .to Iho pollco station. ; . " Tho pollen station, sir I I hopo.nono of the mon nbont oar placo have been uncivil? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any . incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to bo mads about any ana in.thaltaabuok," said a man, who appeared to, bo tbo aolnal managor of the establishment, and seaond in authority to Mr. Hilyard only, who was the landlord of tho Inn. " No, no ; I've nothing to any against any body nt the inn ; but I hare buBinces at tno station. Ia Mr. Hilyard at homo I" . "Ye», eir. He was hero a fow minutes ago. unau 1 ring ror mm i" "Do, please.". The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who msdafals appesranos alter a! few seeonds. His orisp, fair hslr, open oaaritooanoe, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and convoyed a deaidodly pleasing impres sion. " I want a word with yon, landlord," said Mr. Welbam. " At yonr sorvlaa, sir. Will yon step In hers?" isid tha obligiog Bonitsee, opening n door oi stained glass, whioh admitted to a little room that was need ss an offlco, and was alio tha "governor's" privsto room downstairs. . Mr. Wclham stopped In, and Immediately told Mr, Hilyard of bis encounter with the Man in tho Mask. . The landlord was sorry and indignant at tha samo timo. . "I've tried rill I can to Hod out tho fellow, and I beliovo the dstcotivo office in London Is looking alter him, but it doesn't seem to bo a bit of uso. Ho aomes and he goes fiko a ghost, Ho's robbed six or sevon gentlemen in n fow months, bat nobody ssomsabia to gueis where ho oomes from, not whoro ha goeB to. ; Ho's a resl '-puzzlo, -sir."., ' 4 " Well, he has s hundred ponndq ot .'mine in money, and goods jntt now. I thought it best ! to tell you, beoan'so y'oa may pat other gentlemen on their guard: 1 must 'givo! information at the poliee offloo. Whero is it ?".- - .. "Only a few minutes' walk,. I'll send a man to show you." 4:4 . ;,4 " Yes ;; I've loot toainuoh timo already." v ; Tire landlord' opened hia door'arid spbk'o to tiia msriagbr4.v-44:,.4 : :4' ,.;!- '44 ; Oall Brbwnl'at orice. -Thb .Mask Is : out: . to-night,' it BoeriiB. This ' gentleman ., waa robbod.a fow inilee from hero, rind wants to ,'lodgo information. !. Brown inust go with him to.tbo station'.". . - \ 4 V Brown waS'Sooq ihrrittqridanoo. 4Tha rob- bory wae reported in tbo elatioU, the etolori proportydesoribed, and onob. mbro! the loosl: anthoiritloB were roused to.cxert. their powers !for tbq 'o'spturb bt tho Man in the.Mriek,4 > , It happaried that the- disobvery o'f-ths rob-, her, .who committod hie doprodationa in n -style an riariah like that of highwaycri of- tho' Diok Turpin era," was nearer than even the gentleman who. hriii;. aoffcrod oonld'. have aopea - . A bouplo of hours after: Mr. Welhim's return from tho polioo station hri.was in thb i omoko:room of tho" inn, when - tho managor approached him. ' - / ' Mr, Hilyard wishes to Bpeak to you; if you qan eparo a minute,'' ha said/ 4 ; '!i oari Bprifo ten minutes if- Mr. Hilyard has anything partiaular to cay." ; "Ho will! oeb yon in hia privato room, if you plcseo. - Ho says tho matter is import ant.'.' -. , .- . . -Mr- Wolham weDt to. tha little room be fore dosoribed, ririd' was. inuoh stfuok by tho carious expression of the landlbrd's face. ; y 4" You.wtll foigivo meVI'm euro) when'yori kriow why I dieturbedyou. ;A man from tho ' Btation has :boen here, Ho .tolls'! mo .somo money hoa. been! stolen, :rind. that tha isav-" brelgna hrivc:i poonliar mark. . If any ;abv-:' ereigna'with that mark oomes into my bands I am to risk tha person who offors it whore he got it, eo .that it .may . bs trabed book to . tho thlof. -. .-Was there a mark of any kind on the cold you havo lost?".- 44 , : 4 '4Yos ; thora woro oix eovoreigns! ic my puree; and a email w, with a fine lino before arid alter it, woro .eoiatohed 'under the horid of oaoh, " Mr. Welbam ropliod. , ; "That ie tho mark tho lpolibomnn do- eoribod, I eco now it waa your. money ho meant; B at a thiog tliat troubles ino more - tbriri I, ban tefi io that'.Lgavo n sovereign far' change, .with just snoh o mark, not mora tban a quarter of an hour before I heard - of ".it.u:.;.V'4;!-.;-4' ":4 '4. '- : : '4 .4/ . " That is astonishing I - Are; you sure the mark was o'xaotly like mioo ?" ) - - 4; Yes, I aonuot ho quite positive ahbui- tho lirioB, hut I rembmber tho ti>; disiinotly, and I believo there was rilittlbsoratoh boforo and after thb letter, jost oa if thoy wero- intended to shot it in, liko." " - - ! . " Prooisoly.". . "I notiood it whon my man gavo it to mo. I bad coat him out in the of tornoon to ool- loct a! low small aaaounts, and ho didn't, como hack until alter you arrived.' Then ho was drunk. Ho had got only ono pound seven from onaot my oustomcrs,. and. when hop'Bid it in I sent him off: to bed. That marked sovereign waa iho ono ho. paid ma, and I looked Bt it oloBoly at the timo. : I . muet got rid of him." :.'T must, sod him at onoq, dir. Ae yonr rnria 'gavo 'yon una -goveroign bearing my mark be may havo more,' Hb may be tha maeked robber himeclf, or he .must know whero Ho oari. bo : fonnd. I inaiat on the man's being queatioucd rind lieorohod I" Mr. Welbam cxolaimad, oxoitodiy. . I'lt is only natural that you should, , air, rind I otn willing to aid you in every way,. Bat; you see, it would be Iittlo less than rain to me if a suspicion got out that a highway robber waa one of my eervauts, and slept in this booeo. Wo must bo ablo to provo it.. Thon I shall bclp-you to punioh bim, end that , will rataovo all" ouspioibn from tha houso.". 4. .." ' "Bat.wliilc wri.ore talking. here tho.mari may csoape. For Heaven's esko drop words ana coma to aetionl" ,Mr, .;:Wolham;ex- clslmriili ... "Ho was tbo lor goho in- liquor to mako any attqmpt-to cuoapo boforo aomo timo in tho morning. I will send a lino to tha sta tion asking for two mon to bo sent hero -directly, or you may send tho nolo. When iho men are horo, wo will go to his room and v a urn him. Perhapa tho eight of polioomon will help ue to got tho real truth from him," said tho landlord. : . " '/cry likely. . But thoro is no timo to bo font. Givo mo pspor, end I will writo." . ' Tbo pspor was laid on tbo table, and Mr. Wolham wrots a fqw words requesting tho preaooosof responalblo officers at tba Hoa- bnok Inn,- Another lina intimated that a aluo to tho identity, of the maeked robber had been found, ; A few minutes lator a sergeant in plain clothes and a constable in nniiorm were in the Eoobaok, Mr. Hilyard told tbo eergoant about tho marked sovereign ho had received, and gavo tho noma of tbo man to whom ho hod given it. . Tho lattor lived obout thrco milos away. Than tho four wont to tho Iittlo back room over on outhouoo where tho suspected man-ot-all-work dept. Tho entry of the whala party did not awake tbc.slespcr. " Sooreh first," anggestod Mr. Wolham,. at iho samo time eaizing a- short east of tbiok dark eergo that had boen carelessly thrown onaahair. Tho landlord seized a vest that ley on the floor and throat hie fiogors in tho pockets, finding only a rtxponoo and thiee pennies, whioh he at onco returned. . " There ie nothing hero but a pipo, tobacco, arid dirt," whispered Mr. Wolham, aitor examining every poakot ho oonld find in the coat. - ' ' : Thoro'e money here, I- think," said tho oergesnt in pisin-elothes, speaking in (rip: preesod tones: Ho had carefully lilted a pair of .trousera that lay upon tho bod, and hod drawn from ono of tbo pockoto a Iittlo paokot wrapped in a pieco of newspaper. On opening this pioket it waa found to contain fiva sovereigns. Mr. Wolham and tho plsin- olotbos man looked at there oiosely, arid the' marks wore plainly disocrniblo under tbo head of oaob. N Tho coins were refolded in tho paper, and returned to tho trousers pooket. Then tha sorgesnt soizod tho sleeper by tho shoulder ana oaoox nun rongniy. no awoxo ana sprang np to a sitting posture in tha bed, whon Abe constable in uniform stoppod for ward ready to grsppla with tbo man should ho resort to violence. "Why— Xesy— whst'sthsmsttor? What do yon all want?" tho man ejsonlated, as ho became thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another In oonfasion. "Yonr master wants to ask 70a a question, Bot ha careful what you say, I muit take notice of ovory word," said tha sergeant. "But what's it all about? I'll answer any question Mr, Hilyard wants to BBk mo. What is it I" "I want to know, what kind of monoy Mr. Benson gavo yon this afternoon when ho paid his account!" . . "You want to know that! I think yon ought to know. whan I gavo it to yon. It was a aovcroign, two two-shillin' picocs, half a crown, Bn' a ebillin'. Ho said I might keap the sixpeneo over for a glass, an' I did." ! "Did yon give ma the sovereign you: got from Mr." Benson? You wore oal all ths: afternoon,. yon -know, -and you oamo bore drunk." ' . - ' " No, eir— not drank. It takes a lot to mako ma what I oall dronk. I'd had a few drinks, I know, 'oanso I'd bean abont' a ' bit, but Iknow what Iwas doin'."- . ' " X ask— did yon giro mo the sovereign you got'tromMr. Bsnson?"; \- : " Do you merin to say I didn't ? I'll swear I did.'.' ;: 4-4. \- ".HadyoriahyiothevBOVoroignsfri ' 4; ; -« No X '. don't havo - many -sovereigns about mo, except when I'm paid a few' for you." - : 44! 44 : 4 " Tha aoveroigri you gavo ma was marked," "I didn't markit." ;; 4' 4' "But you have other sovereigns in yonr pooket with the. same mark on. " How or whoro did you get thorn f"- ' - ; ; " Sovereigns in my pooket I -- How do yea know : whit's ' in - my . pooket ? , You - noodn't trouble about my pookete, Mr- Hiljard.-: If there was twenty -sovereigns in my pook'ets bono of 'om'ud bo yonre." :. /: ' ' "X'm-saro.they're riot. mine: and there's reason to think they should net be yonre. Sergeant LyneB searched'- end fonnd them there" .::::"-;..4 : : -.""Bearphed I Found thonjl'f- ho exolaimed, hiB effroritory giving place to alarm. . : . - x oa , x muac. laxe yon , rare cuasoav on auBpioion of having stolen tha money'. ; Thia gentloman -haa rheeri. robbed, arid < I havo foririd-part ot tho Btoleri property, in yonr1 pookot. Youmnat oomo with mo.k'.v; 4, 4; \- Protestations of innooonoo . wero- Iond; vchomont. arid f renziod, but tboy oould riot alter faets, and tboy were unavailing, - Jake Hiacoogh was corivayod to tbo pblloe station. Thri mombers of tha local fores wore jublla'rit at tho thought that tho long-dreaded Man in thri'Mrisk had bean captured and inaareordtrul in Winoliff, the central point aronrid whioh he .had 'movod arid committed' his various brirries. ' ''- -- . A.Iaw miantos after Mr; Weiham- had re ported his loss 'to- the polios anthoritioa. in . Winoliff, nswe'of -' tho; robbery was -wired to tha' headquarters, of the doteotiva depart ment iu London. As ebon ss I oppoarod in: tho olfioo next morning the ceeo waa given into my bonds. X was invested with pbwor to do all I 'might think --"rioooaaary to bring' "the offender to justice, rind l atarted ot onoo to oommorioo my invoBtigatiori of .a oaEa in whioh I felt mora than ordinary professional 'interest.-' 4'-;' -A -4 -4;4-! ''\\-4'-"VV4""i..': 4 . I arrived in Winoliff bafbro tho; prisoner had bceri.takeri before the mngietrato, arid-it was thorel learned noorly all tho pariionlars I havo mentioned. In the'.flrst place, I was ouriono to sea! thri man wlio had .heoomo a oriminal celebrity. My firet viow Of bim was obtained, through the grating in. the door of tbo oell in "whioh" h"a.waa confined; 4Thare!wris.notblug in hia appaaranori to oorrespond with my/precon ceived notion of . a doeporato highwayman. But wo know how deceptive arid! misleading appoaranrio frequently aro. Tho splrit.'of a dovil may b'o Bometimos masked nndor tba outward seaming of a . person of more than: ordinary virtue. I spoke to -Tako Hisaougb; and ho replied to ma with tbo air of 0 man whom tho dieaovory of - hia orlmo had uttorly oonfoUndcd, I could not gain from him anything more than repeated aesnranoa of hia innooonoo. When I said the aovoroigno in hia pookot told a different tola, ho merely said-,: ' ' 4 '« I know nothing about them sovereigns. Tbodovil must bavo put thorn there, : I novor did. I hadn't even a shiliin' the last, time I romombof feelin' for money, on' how flvo pound rismo Xo bo in my pookot X don't know.".:- 1 believo thero'a riomo dodgo- in tho wholo affair .that; I can't understand;': ;Tho! gontlcman that,, was .robbed or Sergeant' Lynoakriowa more abont -it than I do; X never robbed anybody in a mask or out ol n mask, an. I wasn't riain'obout tho road aftor darkneithor. Ioari tciVovoryplaoa l was in, an'I awqar I never saw that monoy'befora I bow it in tha . sergeant's hand, if swearin' will do ma any good,' ' -, ' " Swearing will riot riavb yoq from' being oommitted for trial, or,'-, at least,;''remQridadr I'd help you if X could. " If you can tcH.mo whoro you. were, and if othcra oari provo yon, ware not riear'tha plaao whon tho gcntloraau wan robbed, that will show' that! you can't havo robbed him. A man can't bs iri-too plaocarit otto timo,' cvon if ho has ri last horse "4< 4 -44 !.;4,,4!-.4 4444444: :v;-4:V, "I wasn't on tbo back of a horso all yes,' torday." " AvSortions without -proof aro no defence agein.-t atrong ovideuoo; Tho finding of the r-:: v ; monoy in your pookot will require slot of ex- . -, plaining." .- .. : " An' I can't explain nothing abont that;. X don't know how it oamo there, an' I " don't < know how long it was there ; in faot, as I . " 4 ajd before, I don't know anything about Thoprlsonor named a fow persons with whom ha i a-.d hn bad boon about tbo timo nt whiah-tbo robbery was oommitted. I made . notes of tho names sod places lio mentioned, Intending to lest the acoaraoy of bia otato- meats by pareonal -iuqniry. . ;Mr. Wolbqm oould not set off on hia driva to London so early as he had intended that morning. Ho appeared In the oonrt wbrn Iho irmoncr was brought up on tho chargo of raving oommitted robbery from tbo person . on tbo Qacon's highway. Ha asserted that : ho five sovereigns fonnd in tho prisoner's rocket wore part of tho monoy of which ho rad boen doprived- nndor threat -0! death;-- - . - hat, as tbo robber was masked, and as ho ap peared to bo humpbacked, ho" oonld not say ': whether tho prisoner was tho man; Mr. Hilyard told bia etory.whloh was oloar. - and oirpnmstantial. Ho had sent to- tho . gentleman to whom be grivo the sovereign in - arrange, bat had not yet heard from him, Tho landlord's statement left Iittlo donbt as - to tho prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lyncs de posed to finding tho money. Tho prisoner, - when questioned, said ho was not near tho ssana- of thri orlmo when the robbery, was . aqmmittod. - Ho eoold'provs thrit by calling witnesses, and ho wonld swear , he did not kriow anything abont tho money fonnd in his pooket, After hearing all, tho magis trate agreed to remand the prisoner for threo daye, daring whioh tho mof t eearehing inquiry Bhonld be made. _ Boon on tho prisoner was removed from the dock; I arranged With the police authori ties for an immeaisto aad rigorous search of. the room he hadslept in at the Xtoebuok Inn- Without appearing to tako a prominent part in tho bnaiocee, I nooompanlcd the marchers and superintended their proceedings. Mr. Hilyard affordod ne faoility to vieit the places in whioh tbo prisoner was prlnoipally employed ; out a very thorough eesroh railed to discover any other particle of tho stolen property, or any ortlolo of attire cone- sponding to tho deeeription Mr, Weiham had given. ' . While in tbo yard of tha inn I asked tho ostler whether Jsko Hisoough had taken out a hares the prcoeding evening, and learned that ho had not. Mr. Hilyard. had ridden out for about an bonr in tho evening to call on a gontloman who lived a fow inilee away, bat ho handed tho horeo to tho ostler again, - abonthslf an hour after dark. I ' then wont in eesroh of the persons whoso names I had jotted down. ' I epoko abont the trial and tho charge, and what I learnod from Jako's friends corroborated , what ho hod told me. "loan awear, an' eo can' others) Jako never loft tbo Grey Gooeo from about 'half ..!.-. past thrco till nearly sir o'clock. Wo wcro . : plnyin'qnoits till it got dark; an then, wo - turned into tho parlor an' playod dominoes 4 till Jake went homo. Ha was k bit ,fresh',V 44 A- bat not mors so than I was. Ha might 'avfl.:.4. v-4 oafied eomswbero else on tho way— X dsr'esy - . ho wonldn't'priss tho Nelson without oallin in for a glass— but it was a long time siter ; dark when he left mo. He's not a 1 likely sort to be token for the. Man i' the MsBk." 4:4 . , p: '..- .4: -. Before rflght ! I had issraed onongh tq . ; ,4;4 satisfy ;mi that" Jake oonld- riot; havo. com-' mittod tho- robbety. Bat haw was the gresonoo of.- the coios in his pooket tc- '-> 0 accounted for 1, : And how did it bsppon ' ' A : - that 'only the marked , inonoyr should ba; found in his possrissiou,. whilo thirty pounds in notes, a- gold . watoh and' ;ohsin; and . :- ' two ; diamond.: rings had utterly disap, : .5 peated. ' T- 1 thought aver rilM had iearriod long, rind " oarnestly. ' X pat tba different Iittlo items of kriowlodgo togolher, sb it is my hshit' rio' do; 4 ' ::4 and tried tc get a. certain olear . idoaront of . all. "Before I slept that night, I woc fally .!, ; : !' certain of two things, - Ono waa! that; Jsko ;'. Hieoough was not the": robber," thocgix soma of the booty r wait; found irihlo pookot ( the" other waa that'Jakehad mot tho real, Man In " . . : " . tho Mask, and I oonld find him. 44::4 Ao early a i possible next morning, I ! waited on a "magistrate, arid arint .word that I . ; ; wanted a few words on. important basineeo. . : 4 He gsvo -mo an interview at onoo. : I ' told him my basine8t . in- Wirieliff, -snd' : ' men iu:u colore .nim.,;rao".inoory 1 .naa- : formed, tho - night before. - 1 cannot do: : eciibo his astonishment so I. proceeded, and ' I believe -ha thought no I : did at last. I went , from his houso with h Boaroh warrant in my pookot. Then I went - to tho polioo officri to oomplcto arraogementa - 4 for tho Btop I intended to take. !": ;, 4-44!1' ' Tha landlord ' ot thc Boobaok Inn waa ' partaking of hia rather Iato-breaklaot ' wben : I, two polios riergea'ntB,. ; rind friur men entered, his - hoitelry on .eeriouo hqeinese. ; '4 Hio '. ruddy complexion faded to an asby , paleness when I : told hirri l held it warrrint . ' . empowering rrie" to eeareb hia' house for 4 atolen rgoocle; 'Beeoveiting from the etun- ' ning effect ef- tho iatelllgcrico, ho' mado A a atop toward me aa it ho wonld kill iriO, but two. : oi tho mori following. instructions pro: . vionaly given, iteppod bofoia him. ! , \- "Wa , hava . to ari : oar dutyi Mr. Hii. ' yard, arid .I hopc youTl .not mako. it - mora nnploaaant, 4 )Yc. mnat . .Boaroh your - . rooma ovon if wo have to .ovcraoms opnasi- "- tiori," 4;44 4- -:4;,':-! 4:-44:;.'. ;-:.r.,44. "-:"-;4-4:4 Cogcd I— riaught 1 Six -mon to onk I" J10 : hlsDed,4glaring ;at tbo men ho ro< " gardod '!aa onomiea with.,nn, oxproSBioa 1 of face that -waa. wholly uggoativo ot mor. " " I'll go tip .with yon,": : ho added, enddrinly, as if speaking on BqmcimpulBC. ' 4 , :'! No,alr. - You wouldhoi asBiot aa. 1 Xwill. leavo thrco men horri.tq prevent: yon from following us,'! said tlioarirgoant— aftor which . annonnoairient'Mr.1 Hilyard. aarik, jeetningly : ' powotlcBa, iir'a' ohair. , OarprograEBwaanolongorimpedod. XVri wont to Mr. Hilyard'u bedroom; qnd in a email box, on .tho 4droB8lng table found tho gold wriiob; the diamond rings, and tha notoa whioh' .Mr;'.. Wolharn;. had - lost. -In onotlior box, taatonod with, a padlock, wo found n tightly-folded 7 patcol, v/hioh, on being opened, wao fonnd to contain eoma of tho proportieo uacd in tho "mate-up" ofthqMari in tho Mask. Thoro was tho < loug, dark olonk, with ! a bundlo of Elaos.- qlotho : bowu on >: tbo : ineido . betweon vtho shoulders to oimulato a bump when worn. Within That wna -o dark hat, of oof t folt, - to tho inner, kdgo of tho rim of which 1 nnd oxtonding. half around it, was firmly tacked a pieco ol .atjff pasteboard, with two - < ronnd periorationB abeut Awo-thirdo of its - length - from tbo bottom, It 4 wao dark drab in color, and that waa the rriask avbioh had bo long ohiolded tha robbor from recog nition. '. \- Arreaf of Mr. Hilyard-' immediately fel. lowed these discovoriasi 4 At hia cabscquont trialhe oonfoasad that ho had placed tho marked munoyiu Jake: Hiocougn'a pock6t whilri he Blopt.-. Boon oa ha rotnrncd after ' tho robbcrybOfhsd given one of tha otolsn oovercigUS to a gentleman in change. Ho , afterwards learned that tho gold was marked, . andfearadii might bo tracoiiSolrlm. To tarn-, cuopioion; uom himcalt he Invcutod tha Cohema wo' have dcaarihod. . fiut cunning 4 anduriBaiapulou(!wrong did not prevent tha - jodgo from condemning to penal corvitodo for tori yoatg'ihe CQ99 myttcjiops "Mw xu inu him." 069 !4.'44:;-4- 44444444;, '4444-44 4 A; 'fT;;44 