AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Saheh Den Dhobey was a prison official of proved courage and magnificent physique, who was brought from Jessore to Allpore to take: the place of head warder. It was his duty to visit the patrols between the surrounding walls every night between the hours of twelve and two. On one occasion, after lie had been only a few days in the gaol, .he set out 011 his rounds as usual, hut some time after two in the morn ing it was found that he had not returned. Time wore on, and at last mere wondering why he was so late gave place to anxiety, and a, search party was organised. Thov carried torches, and at last came upon the insensible form of Saheh Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate upon the ground close to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to tbo officials' quarters, and .there, after £, time, by the application of water and other restoratives, be was brought around. The following was the tale he told : He had been going his rounds and had stooped down to adjust one of his shoes, when he felt someone spring upon him frotn behind aud com mence belabouring him between the shoulders. The concussion forced him. on to his hands and knees, and he first thought that it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence 111 his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by putting one arm behind his back, but lie could feel nothing, yet the blows continued to rain down upon bim, and be felt himself pressed down to the earth hy a great weight. At last a voice addressed him, ' You dare come here, do you, to defile hy your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin ?' And with, that the man felt himself lifted bodily up, aud then dashed face forward 011 to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoke to consciousness in the guard room. When he had finished this strange story, the. aged head .warder, . who was about to retire, came up and put the question : ' What is it that is being said about Govind Brahmin ? This led to explanations, and tlie old warden told how a noted hudraash of that name, who had committed several cold-blooded murders, had been hanged in the Allpore gaol six-and-twenty years before. ' But,' pointed out one of the auditors, ' Saheh Den Dhobey was attacked a good distance from the gallows. Wo found him close to the hospital gates. ' ' Ah,' replied the old man impressively, ' the scaffold in those days stood ou the very spot where you found the prostrate body of Saheh Den Dhobey.' The latter listened with blanched face; then lie threw himself hack on tho couch on which he lay, My hour has come,' he said. ' It must have been the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and beat me. My heart is broken. It is certain I must die. And he died in_two.iiny>=-'-tm,o — [?] 