"fftovelíat. The Secret Chamber ; .OR,' TUE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. By Eliza A. Dupuy, Author ef " Tht Outlaw's Bride," "Th* White Terrer," Av., Av. j: CHAPTER XXVII.-(Coxinroro.) Ethel's fears began to communicate ( themselves to those ?? around her, when the bustle otan arrival was heard. In a few moments, Gerald, glowing with >; health and happiness, entered the room ' ; in whioh tho family was gathered, accom panied by his friend, Edmund Bertie, V who soon found his way¡ to the side-of t¡' Alice, and the blushing reception; she' gave him showed:that the prepossession V on her side was ati'least as strong aa on '\ - hlB. . i.... , .'? ". Gerald clasped his betrothed to bia manly heart, and whispered : : " Never more to part, my dearest Ethel. A few more hours, and yon will be: mine'by the most saored of all ties." .. ! .) She raised her eyes to his, in whioh love and trust we re mirrored, and replied in the same tone : ' "Yes, forever yours-yours nv heart and soul. Oh I <[Jerald, nothing can part us now." ' ' Suddenly Etin il remembered the strange colloquy Bhe had', held through; the win dow, and she c'irevr Gerald aside, . , and asked': ?'.,,.!.'? .",.'."'" .',','.' " Did you moot a mosBongbr who ' onme -hithor itt a mystexioua'monnor to ,. Boe you 1 I accidentally . BAW ... him through tho window,, and spoke with ?:??". him." ... ,. " That waa a singuTar proceeding i on < such a night ns this. I Imve- not soon any ono on tho road. Did ho Bay he' would seek mo?" " Yea. He said his message was of BUCÏ iniportnuca that ho must go on the road to meet you." "The inclemency of the night must ' ' then, have, driven him t o aook , aholtei before wo came along. JHis nows boult not havo been of much importance or he would not.have failed to delive it." "Perhaps not; but he seemed - ver; much in earnest." ' * Gerald mused a moment and t.hei said : :..-?,-''.. ? ...'?.?- " '". "It must .have concerned himself then, fori am expecting no nows thal can mar the perfeot happinesii of this joy ful röuuion. Dear Ethel, I have laboral for you, and Heaven has blessed my ex ortions. I hold in my grasp the fruitioi of long years of toil, and all I have no\ to do is to onjoy the'suprem o happines I have won with a thankful heart,to th Giver of all good. The sett! ementa ar completed, and to-morrow ive will, b marriod. Thus the Mossed Christine season will be twice hallowed to me.'.' Ethel would have petitionedl for a d< lay of a few. days, but Gerald reminde lier; that he had already subi nitted I many ; that her trousseau, was ¡ prepare! and everything in readiness, ami wlier fore dofar thoir union for a Bin^lo day Sho tinnily yielded, and he announced i tho groups around tho fire th'at tl Christmas bells would alsi > ring tlio pe for their marriage. - They reooived tl hearty congratulations of their friend and Gerald went out amor ig the tenvrai and' after- informing the m of tho- a proaohing ceremony, 'requ ested their" p l senoo at the porißh churotl on tho.fbl.loy ing morning.'. .": ; ';;?>. V'"«: .':':.'1',;.?;; Soori after' ' they : diflpt ersed . to . th, ? homes, and Gerald return« id to the roo in whioh tho family was,cc »Hooted, :whoi ho found n cosy supper, aarved, with th accompaniments , of egg liog and mulle wine. ..,-..>.> :. ii ? Tho bowl's, that contained, them wei wroathod ; with inlutlotoe, and when th morry meal was ended, Alioo took th wreath from one of them, and, pla: ing it on Ethol'a head, chanted BODS old rhymos whioh had atruok bi fanoy : « On Christmas B te the bella were rung On ChriatmaB Eve the mass was snug That only night in all the year Saw the stoled priest the chalice rear ; The damsel donned her kirtle sheen ; The ball waa dressed with holly green Forth to the. woods did meirry men go, To gather io tho mistletoe ; Then opened wide the baron's hall To vassal, tenant, earl, and, all," "Tfe havo oarried out tho program! Íirstty wall, Ethel, considering that i Ive In such degenerate timea ; and nc that wa may aot ont our own nonaene with no étranger* to orltlolse ai, 1 wish Indulge .> fantasy of my own.." 11 Wau« ta lt r táfiiú Oarald, lao|Ui ..Yon mar ba HM af an appraoiativ* audienoe. Alice went on with smiling gravity : *' The name by which this plant ia known in Germany is der mittel, and tba peopln of Holstein call it the branoh of the spectres. They believe that if a per son has nerve enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in the hand, and invoke the spirit of the dead, he will soe the one of whom he thinks arise before him. If he wills to do so, he oan speak with the Bpeo tro." " But, my dear Alice," said her father, " this seems to me a silly tampering; with things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is most unsuitable to the fes tival we have just celebrated. Do not attempt Buch a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might get frightened at your fancies." " Dear father, I have aet my heart on trying it now, so do not oppose me. One would think that yon really believe in ghosts. I .do not, ao you may safely let me verify the German supersti tion;" Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever ehe undertook, and, after soma hard persuasion, her ; father "? consented that the. trial might be :made. She said :. * " ".*,'. '.'.'.'.', * .' I have prepared an invocation ,whioh will undoubtedly. bring tho] airy , phan toms around us, if there ia any truth in the belief;":-., r.b-v": ????>.,':?"?? r -, ,.? .-, The placed herself in the centre of the floor, grasped: a* branch- of the mistle toe, : and, assuming av tragio, air, com menced : ' '. .?' ? ' " Spirits of the vasty deep, : On the wings of night now sweep ; ; \- Come with storm, come through air, \- - ; And answer to my earnest prayer ; If the dead may rise to light, Come and speak with me to-night." There was a mystic silence, only inter rupted by the sound of the rising wind swooping against the walls pf the house. After a pause of. several moments, Alice threw aside her tragio air, and said, in a disappointed tone : . ; " I am not spiritual enough to have the weird vision revealed to me; but you, Ethel, oan perhaps try it with better sucoess. Come, priestess, yon are al ready crowned with the Druidical wreath, and you shall take my place." With playful force abe drew her friend forward, and, unwilling tb refute her re quest, Ethel permitted the branoh of mistletoe to be thrust in her hand, and in her turn the repeated ; the invoca tion/ ' ?? Her face waa turned toward tho door, which ' opened in the hall, and while ehe repeated the invocation her eyes became fastened to it, aa the saw it begin slowly to unclose.,,. Afigure appeared in the open, space that .curdled the life-blood around her heart, and froie her lips into silence. - .-. i A tall man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, made white, by the, snow that had fallen on it ; hit long, fair hair bonded with the same fleeoy ' flakes, fell in dis order upon his shoulders, beneath whioh was seen.afaoe'as pallid as that of any ghost.' He spoke in a, tone of: hollow mockery : ' ' ;,V'.' 7V . '<< You . have balled me, and Isl I ooma." . ; .....i i i:,-::--> . , - ; ;A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed': . ? 'I -. ' -J;! ., /-!" ii . 1 h -- t i,: ;"It is Vernor I . You have 'summoned' him from the realms of the dead. - J Drop that' 'branoh;,;;. that 0ihe; ' may- forever vanish." ' ' : " ?"''''. » ' , ; ",That is; easier said than' done," said Vernor, J,in" his'''natural voice,: as he strode forward and confronted the group. I' am, no.'gobliñ-'dámried,'. T>ut a flesh and blood, entity, ,whioh . I, can well believe you would , all Y be, glad to drive back into the realma . of > everlasting : no thingness. But I am here, and have come to alnim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it." ,. : For n moment Gerald stood frozen in to silence by this terrible interruption' to their mirth. ' But he wat aroused from his immobility by a faint; ' cry from Ethel, and she fell .insensible in his out stretched arms.. As they, folded around her, the wretched conviotion came to him that another person possessed the right to stand between himself and her he-had deemed BO entirely his own. He atifiod tho r deep groan of agony that arose in his tortured soul, and endeavored restore animation to Ethel by sprink ling WHter from the table over her inani mate features. ''; :' ' Vernor made a atop toward him, and hoarsely said : ,N , , . : i .'«, Unhand that lady, sir t Let my aunt minister to her, for I : do nob. ohoose roy wife io lie thus in the arms of another: man. ' I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your defiling jgrasp." i He hod drawn near the fir«, the others shrinking away from him as if they still regarded him as a supernatural presence, and was: attempting* to thaw his.chilled hands over the blazing fire. Gerald cast upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly ' said :'" ' " : "This Indy need not beoome an .object of contention between us., Her own der, cisión shall govern both of us as to which ono ehe will prefer, as her future hus band." i.:" i j "I comprehend that ruse,"., replied Vernor, with a contemptuous ourl of his haughty lip.? '^'You think yourself ee .curo of getting it ? in your favor, but : tho ? ¡law givea her to. me.'and'I defy'youor : ' anyone, else'to invalidate my claim." ' i " You resigned her 'long ago' to mo. [i 'JitKó.ught ';.yóu5 dead/'.^'or / I i'ahbuld have placed her fate beyond your con trol." V." ' " .... ; " , > ; " Bnt you see that I am not dead, and 'you have failed to accomplish that > neoet \- aary duty. ' Since you negleoted it, I shall «vail myself of every: right I ititi possess over that girl, who offers a pretty wei c oma ta lier long-absent husband, by ft!tinting when he appears in her pre ?e nee.' . . '*Xk> not dare to call yourself her hut ban d, for in the tight of God you ore not _yc «i never have been that! You sacri Sood her once to your desire for the wealt hjhe inherited, and you have now return e4 to «oreo her odious bonds upon her bec »tic* «he again hoi fortune to be atow up. »n you." Mrs. Digi>y, with trembling hands, hod been bath.'Og the brow of Ethel, who now unolosod Ve* ey«8» looked around, and seeing Vei «o? buried her face in Gerald's bosom, w B*'e murmured : " It is true, then . It was rio phantom 1 Tako mo away-ho »° fast-Gerald, for I will ollng to you' *ren in death U Vernor itroda toward ? *l*?> *ad »<>*?> Ingly sall : '_. ! -J,ï-.. :avû ,i ','}'-" .vor-; J.' ii,.., "So-o-asy lady brid* will ne* «TM look apon kör long-absent one. I ema well imagine the rigila yon have held tear* yon hare wept over my supposed fate-my pretty Ethel, and if they haye dimmed your beauty I can forgive it. Let me look upon yonr face, that I may judge if it ia mach changed ainoe we last met." Ethel raised her hand aa if to deprecate a nearer approach, and turning her color less face toward him, she said : " Leave me forever, I implore yon I Take my fortuna, take everything I olaim, but leave me free to walk my path of life without your companionship. You never loved me ; yon gave me up yourself, and I call on you tb redeem your plighted word." "On my aoul, if it were possible to claim . yonr wealth without the encum brance, I would take you at your word," he fiercely rejoined. " But so important a personage os Lady Clifton cannot so easily renounce her hereditary estates in favor of another. Only as your husband can I hold them, and os suoh J intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man ; cease to cling to him, or my passion may pass the bounds of freedom." Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arra, stood upright before him, and a .'lint shade of color swept over her pale face aa abe spoke with dignity : VI obey yon, since the right to command me ia still unfortunately yours ; but hear me in my turn. Nb earthly power shall ever compel me to live with you as your wife. You may, for a seaaon, stand between me and the man I love, but I shall find means to break th» wicked bonds in whiob you bound me while I waa yet too young to comprehend how odious tiley might bncome. You never loved me ; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now poises shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power." " It might, perhaps, if I permitted you to nae it for that purpose; but I shall take good oare not to do so. The lawa of England give a man absolute control over hie wife, and I adviae you to aubmit to tha fata that ia inevitable. Almost by a miracle I esoapad shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. The letters I wrote yon were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. He who sought to supersede me _ in my family inheritance, and also in your affeotiona, can doubtless give an aooonnt of them." He fixed his eyea insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied : " My whole course in life réfutes suoh an absurd charge ; neither do I believe that suoh letters have ever been written. 'Where have you been during all these, years I" , Vernor dared not name the place of his late rasidenoe, and he said : | " I was picked up by a ahip bound to Virginia. When the news of the revolu tion in the oountry reached there, I immediately embarked for my nativa home. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings and now, Sir Gerald Methurn, I demand the restitution of my wife and estate." " On the last you have no legal olaim, for the. property of my nnolo has become mine by purohai*. The title has alto been beato wed on me for services rendered ito the present king ; but I waive my right to bear it if you choose to assume a barren distinction unsupported by the wealth that can only render it respectable. Aa to Ethel, she has deolared her resolution not to be claimed by you. I will main tain her right to do ao at any cost." \- ¡The rest of the group had listened in appalled silence to this passionate colloquy; but Mr. Digby here interposed : "It is useless to recriminate thus. Mrs. Digby, remove Ethel to her chamber for ahe seems scarcely able to sustain her self. Go with them, Alice, and aend a servant to conduct . Mr. Bertie to hia chamber. Gerald and myaelf will talk with Vernor, and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind." : Vernor stepped forward and attempted to take Ethel's hand in his; but she shrank away, saying : "No-no-never shall my hand bo oloaped in yours again. You resigned it to him tb whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract. , A dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through his closed teeth : I " We shall see who shall be the winner. I play for à great stake, and the opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not mar my game/ ' I give you this night to refleot upon . your position and make np your' mind to your inevitable fate. Ethel Methurn, I claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark mo, if »hall be rendered," j Ethel seemed on the verge of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily' drew her aside'. The three ladies left''the room together, Alice almost sustaining ' ' the sinking form of hor friend, whoso strength was exhausted by tho violent emotions of the lost few momenta. ' ^. ! . ! ' . ' ; When tn her own chambor she wept upon tho boBom of her. adopted, mother, |and wildly asked if it would f ha possible for Vernor to force her to live, with . him as his wife.. .? ;,¡ .,<?>.".-?!?. . 1 Calm your agitation, . my love," laid Mrs. Digbjr, soothingly. " Vernor assumes a high tone, but he must feel tho weakness of his causo. : Ho exnnot compel you to return to him; ' It will take time to obtain a divorce,' T but no English jury will refuse a verdict in your favor, wtien the ' faota of tho" case are fairly set before them." .' .' "But Vernor may attempt to avenge, on Gerald the preference I, feel for him." Oh! lunty, ho looks ao aavage,. so revengeful, that my heart dies within me when I think of him."'' ? ' , ' . .. , '; , : " My eon can protoot himself, Ethel ; have no fears, for him. Bad us Í am afraid Vernor is, he" will attempt no violence toward his cousin. He .has too tender a oare for his own safety, yon; may be sure." Thus reasoned, Ethel ' beoame more oomposed,' but for her aohing heart there was bo repose during the long honra of that/wretohed night. The light of that day, whioh'was to have witnessed her espousals , to the man she adoree!, fell upon her wan and wrotohed, fearful of the evil influence whioh had darkened her life and half-broken her heart. ?' She was too ill and miserable to deioen'A to breakfast, and Alice carno in to share the repast whioh waa served in her own apartment.' " dbe endeavored to oheer the sinking spirit* of her friend, bat ahe had aa yat no favorable new* to eon Draaiaata. "\^ .j'---' '. '.;. ..... ^ ? .?:....-...::!!;:?/' : , ;...!: -,., .:;,.".,(, A j -I;ÍÍ ol a j;-,.?, , :,:>. .-ni ,.;> :-,<;i) ¡ >> 'I--ÍJ-.ÜV f-,v i-:;',!.) o-nii , ¡M ..'< : I - v ,v ."'.cl^t 