CORPORAL GIACOMO. e CHAPTER VI. Tho howling or tho wind and tho distant murmur of tho troubled waters in tho gulf almost di owned the steady tramp, tramp of Cbilprfil Giacomo and his men as they sploshed their way liomoward along- the; eouden' country road, after a- fatiguing day on tho mountain. Tiiey ' lcepb' thfeir heads bent down, .the betterto encounter the fierce blast blowing in their teeth, and it was not without somo feelings of superstitious awe that their leader, on chancing to look up, beheld the figure of a girl in white, with bare arms and long, streaming hair, suddenly emerge from the dark shadow of a rock and flit noiselessly across the path before him. However, it is the duty of a soldier to challenge even a ghost, and the cor poral's " Halt, who goes there 1" rang out prompt and clear. The mysterious figure paused, gazed . at him for a moment with wild eyes, and tottered as if about to fall, when, : uttering an exclamation of surprise, , ;; - Giacomo sprang forward and Filomena V; 4 lay panting in his arms. If the gallant corporal, in that try- W"- - ing situation, forgot all his previous y diffidence and called her his sweet dove, his own darling angel, and a hundred other endearing epithets, tho eloquence of which would liave satis fied even Maestro Simone Papillardo, all I can say is that he seemed to a - have hit on a very effective means of soothing her terror. For, as she lay . secure in that firm embrace and drank in gratefully the first words of love, y, . and tenderness ' that had been ad-' yy . dressed to.hev since her sore trial, she ; . ; looked shyly,, bub with a growing con- v» , - fidonco; up into the - honest eyes that : beamed so fondly down' on her, and I '/; verily believe then aiid there registered ' a mental vow never again to ;. forsake the protection of Giacomo's' strong arms! \- ' Perhaps it was at this moment that . all. 'the old- wilful petulance, passed y-L away from her i spirit, 'leaving her. a \- humbly thankful, loving, and devoted ' woman." " .' 'Indeed, tho two wgre so engrossed y, , . with their own. thoughts that it was : i. somo time before tho corporal remem- berqcl to ask her how she came 'there'; "v but when at last, she had told her story \- his face grew stern as on the day of : battle; and it was:; in ' a very different I ' tono to that in which he had just been , ( speaking that he ordered his moii to -turn'. about and 'follow him to- the ; cottage! < ' - Poor Filomena-!- She felt dreadfully <>>'.: frightened- at - the -idea. ' of -'returning j iy . y -but when1 Giacomo pressed her hand .v.'- . . reassuringly, and said simply that it ' .was his duty and she must help to show hini . the Way, she acquiesced 'rv;.y .meekly and. lay wrapped in his heavy . - J cloak ion the , rude litter that his mon y,; had iriade of their crossed rifles, gazing y,,,----- every now and then- with 'a strange P wondering awe in her great eyes at her lover's stalwart' figure striding beside her. . 'yy ,y At last the cottage was , reached, \- and- Giacomo,. leaving Filomena in a V sheltered 'place under charge of 'his V ;.'- men, knocked at the door. yyV , After some delay one of the brothers ,'y Btrongoli inquired gruffly who was "'.y'.' there. :-, . « One of the King's Carbineers who y : wants shelter and a little food," an swered the Corporal. "We are very poor and have noth ing to give you." ' \ "Well; hut you can let mo warm myself at your fire, That will cost you nothing." " My mother has gone to bed ; I tell you you can't come in," replied the voice. "Nonsense, man; she sleeps up stairs. Open the door/1' say !" And the soldier accompanied his words with a kick that made the panels rattle again. " Piano, piano ! It shall he opened in a minute," cried the old woman, querulously; "but it is a sluimc that you should drag honest people out of their beds at this time of night." "You don't seem any of you to have seen much of your beds," re torted the Corporal, eyeing them Bhnrply as ho entered. "However, here are 20 soldi. Givo mo some , ; wine and somo bread," and he seated himself composedly near the oven,' «$; regardless of the scowls of two men, who remained eyeing him sullenly as if undecided what to do. A- ' v "Well, , wine you can have," y ' grumbled the old woman, pointing te \ a flask on tho table, "but bread wo jy y have none," for she was anxious to y.- ,!-1 propitiate him, and yet to got him out \- . of the house as soon as possible, 'y "Why, mother, I thought you were \- y . , baking? See, your oven is nearly red- yy;!' v hot. What! nothing in it?" ho ox- '. ... claimed, opening the iron door with . tho point of his sabre. Tho old woman turned pale, but one „ of the men quickly replied : ,''i "Oh, our mother always heats the iA1"'-.': oven over night ; wo are letting it cool '» now. for fear of burning the bread." v " Ho ! You are afraid of burning V'-!' Tie bread, are you!" inquired tho <;>" v ' . ®orporal, with a growing sternness in yy " jg tppes.. , " Perhaps yoq will let pie i' " ' see the sort of bread, you intended to bake? Ha! No answer! Then I will show , you," and ho tapped the window sharply, at which signal tho door Was thrown open and Filomena entered, pale as a ghost. There, villains! Is not that deli cate girl the fine dough, you wero pre paring to bake with inhuman cruelty ? But I need not ask," your faces convict you without- words," he continued, looking with flashing eyes. on. tho guilty trio, wlio stood cowering before him in speechless terror at alio unex pected appearanco -of their. Viotim, whom they imagined still a prisoner, and the grim array of tall ' carbineers filling tho door, rifle -in hand. My fftqry -is ended... Before tho-sun rose high in the heavens that day tho Strongoli family were all safely lodged in tho gaol of Messina. : Corporal Giacomo soon afterwards obtained his promotion for the. part ho had taken in their arrest. The old woman was condemned to a long term of imprisonment, and hor tWo sons were executed for the murder of Toui- masso and Silvostro Ramoglia. . Pretty Filomena,' they say, has never quite recovered from tho effects of that terriblo niglit, but, if her manner is somewhat more, grave than before,' she is very 'happy iri ' the love of a certain tall sergeant of 'car bineers, who has' dovoted ihimself to her protection' for tho. future. 