CORRESPONDENCE. [The Editor does not hold himself responsible for the views of his correspondents.] AFTER THE BATTLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ' NATIONAL ADVOCATE.' Sir, — Now that the din of strife is over in connection with the West Mac qtiarie election, is there one dispassionate man that feels reallv dissatisfied at the result ? I think not. To all but the bigot and the public parasite, the result was a foregone conclusion. At the general election the. whole force of the Tammany Ring, Calico Jemmy, and Kiauia Ghost parties, a trinity in unity, was formed to secure the return of Mr. Wise, but it utterly failed. Then, why sacrifice an innocent ? The reason is plain : the wire-pullers could not bear the stain of a personal defeat. Their meanness in selecting good, kind, in offensive Charlie Boyd shows them to be utterly oblivious to all sense of friend ship. Melville was too ' wary ' for them. There they reckoned without their host. No representative holds a worse position with his constituents than Mr. Melville. He threw for double or quits and lost. But he did not want to put the final to his career, and knew it. Nine-tenths of the wealth of the constituency was arrayed against Mr. Crick, to say nothing about the other forces, and all worked with a will : and I would ask could any thing show the toilers better the power at their command. The question is, will they profit by their knowledge ? Let them look at the Estimates just passed, the increases in the salaries of the higher paid officials, and £11-1 allowed yearly for forage and stabling for a single horse. The working classes have it in their power to revolutionize the present state of things — will they ? As fast as the drones are cast frotn the industrial hive, the Goverttnent Departments form lying in-hospitals and benevolent asylums for the better reared ' offal.' These in turn palm their families on the public purse, and so ad infinitum. Look at each suc ceeding batch of justices gazetted about the time of each general election. Many of them were never in solvent circum stances ; many never had, and never will have the respect of their fellowmen ; but they don't wear fustian. 'Tis broadcloth wins, though it may never be paid for. The average Englishman would feel dumbstruck to see a J.P. shoeing ahorse for the public, but would have no ob jection to the swindling sharebroker adjudicating on the Bench. . Will it be ever thus ? — Yours, etc., Joira Hughes, Gingkiu. 