ARBOR DAY AT EOHUNGA. DR. COCKBURN AND WR. LANDSEER ENTERTAINED. Arbor Day celebration took place at Echunga on Friday, and the committee appointed to carry out the arrangements decided at the same time to entertain the representatives of the district of Mount Batker-Dr. Oookbarn (the late Premier) and Mr. liaadieer. Toe member*, accompanied by Mr. V. li. Solomon, M.P., left town by the """"'"g tram, aad on reaching Aldgate they wete driven to Eobunga in a waggonette. The day, though the sky was occasionally overcast, kept beautifully fine, and the drive wae much appreciated, ita pleasure being enhanced by the gay appearance of the country, clothed nitiiu masses of bright wattle blossoms and native heath. On arriving at the Eehnnga lnatittxte the party was received by tbe cbainnan of the district I totmea (Mi, F. W. Psecb) and a large number of prominent residents, not only of die town (tip, bat of neighboring plaoe*. The school children, who were drawn op in boot of the Institute, gave three cheers as the members alighted, and then the business of planting tbe trees was commenced. Borne 30 or SO sobstaatial guards bad been erected oo I tin land on which the Institute v situated, | and in each of these a young fir tree m* placed. | Dr, Oockbura, Mr. Landseer, and Mr. S iloxnon opened the ceremony, and the children followed them, entering into the operations with tbe greatest zest. Oa the completion of the work the mesibaf s addressed the childreo, expressing a hope that they would not forget to cue lor the tret* they had planted, and after tbe young folks bad rendered several eboTOKB they marched to the pnblic school building, wbexe a somber of trees were abo planted. When the ceremony was finished an adjourn ment was made to the Institute, where between 40 and 60 gentlemen eat down to an excellent hncheon. Hie cbainnan of the dictriot coun cil occupied the chair, and was supported on his tight by Ite Coekbura, and on his left by Mr. Laadseer. The Chatbhak, in proposing the toast of the "Member* for the district," said their put actions spoke rtost highly for them, and the district had every reason to bs proud of them. Dr. Ooekbnm was one of the ablest and moat prominent politicians in the colonies, and he had introduced a policy which no other Ministry had ever had tbe pluck to bring forward, and in it he had been ably backed op by Mr. Ijandteer. Some of those who had used their ir.flo.ence against the late Ministry would now be only too glad to place them in power again. (Hear, near.) Mr. W. Hocgh (Edranga) and Mr. F. H. EoKOTMiHN (Hahndorf) supported the toast, which m received with musical honors. Dr. Cockbcen, who was received with prolonged cheers, mid it was always a pleasure for a member to visit his constituency, bat the pleasure was doubled when one represented snc<i a beantifnl district as that of Mount Barker. With regard to his colleague he did not think it was possible for any two members to work together with greater harmony than they had done since they had represented the district. (Hear, hear.) At the present time there was a great struggle going on between the Liberal and the Conservative parties. No stone had been left unturned by those who espoused the Oon eervative cause to defeat them, and they all knew with what Mr. Ltndeeer bad had to pat np with. (Hear, bear.) He was glad to see sneb an influential gathering, tbe whole of the district being represented, as when a member felt he had the full support of bis eonatitaent? it strengthened his hands. He did not think in a democracy like South Australia—a country governed by tbe people— tbatthe representatives of the people should hare anything but pleasure in coming before those whom they represented, and for bis put be would not care to have a seat in Parliament unlee? be felt he bad the confidence of his constituents. He would like to lee some change in oorconttitntion by which the periodical elections for tbe Honee of Assembly might take place more frequently than they did. (Hear, bear.) He would like to Bee a portion of the House go before the country every year so that the Parliament might be kept in touch with tbe people it re presented. (Hear, hear.) He was proud that ftlUros?h the Government that bid brought forward the Mount Barker policy had ceased to exist and they badieft theTreasnry benches, the policy was atill then. The policy of tbe new Govemi?entwMpMwtJcaUy that annonnoed by himaelf at Stratbalbys, and so much was this tbe caw that then proposals for land settlement had been adopted by those who for 20 yews bad opposed them. The late Govern ment had iwrTl"f*?rfl^ that the land should be m open for agricnllural selection as it now wm far- mineral purposes. The Premier, who bad for SO years been its bitterest opponent, and who bad sard it wenjd open tbe dooreto dmnmyian, now cane down to the Honse and said he would support it, and this althongh nis Com tnutioner cf Crown Lands wss opposed to it. There was oce thing dropped out of tbe policy—tbe very point on which tbe straggle was going on between tbe two parties. The present Government, altboogh a majority of tbe constituencies had declared in favor of a progressive Una tax, fcad refused to touch it Tbfct was s ttate of thing* that could not exist very long where the Government existed by tbe will cf the people, (Hear, hear.) If tbe pfople remained firm to their declared withes those in power would be bound to give cSeet to tbeio. Tbe eSectof tie progressive lacd tax would be to secure the further ntilualion of large estates and to act as a tax on abienteee, but the present Government intended to try to reach the absentees by means of tbe income tax, althongh they could not be reached (atufactprily in that manner. They would frighten capital away by means of taxing capital, but they would not do so by taxing the large ettfrtes. Much of the land was absolutely left useless, and tbe object of tbe late Government bad been to eeenre its letter pee. The statements that toe meetings got np in ito favor bad manufactured public opinion wm absolstely nonsense. (Hear, bear.) A return bad lately been placed before members, on the motion of Mr, Coben, who wished to ascertain bow much land was held is the city of Adelaide by absentees, and it Bbowed that 36 atae&tecs; held between them in the city alone land of tbe unimproved value of two millions sterling. (Shame.) Then there were in South AuttralialO landholders who had land valued at over £100.000 each, and eight of these were absentees. When these figures were before tbe public be did not think they would say that a progressive lend tax was not necessary. (Hear, bear.) He thanked them for tbe kind manner in which the toast bad been received, (Obeera.) Mr. liAKDSKKB, who was also received with cheers, said it afforded him much pleasure to be present. He had had the privilege of having been connected with the diitriet for a much longer period than bU colleague, bat he had not been able to get in touch bo quickly with his constituents as be had done. He, however, gave way to no man with regard to his inten tion*. (Hear, hear.) The policy of Dr. dock burn bad had bis warmest support, and they would never find him lagging in endeavoring to bring about tbe measures which bad been laid before tbe House by bis colleague. The present Government bad brought forward a policy, the ground work of which was taken from tbe policy of tbe late Government, and the two were so similar that it was bard to distinguish between them. He thanked them for the kindness with which the* bad met him, and trusted he might be long spared to represent them. (Applause.) Mr. V. Ii Solomon, M.P.. said the present was bis first visit to tbe distriot of Mount Barker, and be had been much impressed with it. He bad not been in tbe House long before be recognised tbe uprightness of the policy of the late Government and tbe cowardly and obstructive opposition of the prevent Govern ment. He felt he had to support them in face of the petty fogging icenlta they had had to put np witb. Althongh he did not support the progressive land tax without classification he bad voted for Sir 3. C. Bray's amendment, and be could hardly tell them hswdirgustedhe was after they had used datsifieation in the tax, tbe Barrier trade, and sereral other questions to induce members to rapport them, that they bid come down to the Houee with no form of a .progressive land tax and with no Barrier trade policy. (Cheers) He assured them that while his own district would receive bis particular attention the interests of the whole colony would nave his consideration. ■ ■« Mr. W. Hocgh proposed the toast of " The late Ministry." He criticised the action of the present Government, and trusted the agitation in favor of tbe late Government wonld not die ont. Dr. Ccceecsn, in replying, said although defeated the late Government felt they had not been disgraced. Although they had been lorced to put np with inEuita (rom the Opposi tion tbey bad not teen deterred from attempt* ing to do that which they thought was for tbe beit interests of tbe country, sod ever it was ♦bat tight came uppermost, and ever was j mtice d<Ee. (Hear, hear.) He wcul) like to see goTemmtnts co formed that icen need not eacrifioe their views, and to do tbis he would have Ministries elected by the House, every nun for bis own merits. (Hear, bear.) By ttis me sub the business of the country would carried on in a mrch better way, and tbey wonld bave public life mnoh more free from ecandal than it was at present He had advo cated this for many yean, but it had been considered too democratic. It was only at tbe commencement of the present year that he bad learned that this system bad worked with the most excellent results in Switzerland. On behalf of the ghosts of the departed he thanked them. (Laughter, and obeera.) Dr. li. W. Bicklb proposed " The Parlia ment," to which Meetr*. Solomoh. M P., and Lakdsikb, HP., responded. Mr. J. C. Bdsdue gave tbe "Town and trade of Echunga," and Messrs, Day aad J. H. Bobbow replied. Toe toasts of the " Vttitors," "Absent frirxda," "Tbe chairman," and "The press," brought tbe gathering to a close. OADBUBYS OOOOA. I AteOtatetrPnn-thentan BmLj AMOBcaMdcoatartlai?mnn. *U*sl | 