"MORE PAPAL THAN FISCAL." Those little words, grouped into a pro verbial phrase, will not soon be forgotten on the stage of local politics. It is now the role of the Romanist leaders to deny very emphatically any connection between the sons and daughters of the papacy, and the fiscal policy of protection. In fact Cardinal Moran went so far as to say that even he himsell was altogether without an opinion about the rival sys tems of protection and freetrade; and would have no means of deciding until the next general election. Cardinal Moran however, says more than his prayers, and few people doubt that the " Catholic vote " iB certainly given for protection, for reasons quite indepen dent of the supposed advantage of pro tection, but which are very obvious and churchy. We have just received a little bit of an illustration of the wide spread prevalence of this papal not fiscal prefer ence for protection which shows that it pervades even the retirement of the clois ter, and agitateB with mundane political war-throbs the hearts of the secluded sisters whose counsels of perfection are supposed to lift them from- the human to the angelic. Protection as a fiscal policy is a legitimate gauge of political war ; but nunB, and such supernal beings, are not supposed to be conversant with the economic arguments which determine the triumph of either party in such questions.- They know more of what is papal than of what is fiscal. Yet these blessed women seem to take a vivid interest in the fight of parties, and throw up their coifs like ordinary politicians when the protection ist electioneering is successful. The fol lowing letter, speaking for itself, has come into our hands, from Cooma, signed by the name of a ' holy sister,' and on behalf of other holy sisters : — Holy Oross Convent, Cooma, Deo. 18th, 1889. Private. My dear Mr. Miller, On my own part and that of the Sisters I offer you onr congratulations on your success at the recent election. As member for Manaro we wish yon many happy yeare and snccesB in the cause of Protection. I am, dear Mr. Miller, Yonrs faithfully, Sister Mary Gertrude _ Now it may be well imagined that SiBter Mary Gertrude had no knowledge of the economic question in debate. If she and her Bister nuns did study that question, we can scarcely believe in their unworldly absorption in the meditations and exercises prescribed by S. Alphonsus de Liguori for the brides of Christ. They must be more like the celebrated "Nun of Kent," than the spiritual beings they profess to be. Political party struggles, and electioneering triumphs are not among the subjects which are supposed to share with heavenly contemplation, the interest of dedicated spiritual spouses. We venture to say that on not one feather's weight of the argument could Sister Mary Gertrude show that she had the ghost of an idea. Nor could the other sisters. Nor would ' Sister Mary ' have dared to write such a letter without authority from the R.C. Church authority ; from the priest, who stands in the place of God to her and the other recluses. Their first rule is implicit obedience, and they have no right to think, much less do, such a thing, without being, ordered to do it. Yet they congratulate the protectionist candidate for Manaro on his .success : and wish him equal success .in advocating the cause of protection. It was just simply " more papal than fis cal." It is here now, the role of the papal party to vote protection, merit or no merit ; in Victoria, they complimerit free trade in like manner. In both, colonies what they think of and intend is ; " more papal than fiscal." 