I'" ", ^RIFTlfOOD. was' 1 -* By VuTOn. The passenger who travels the watery ways of Sydney Harbour may Boo in almost every quiet bay one or more hulks riding lazily at anchor. Those old unsightly masses of timber, burdening the " sea blue streams of the boys" are not the pleasantest sights in the world, yet they have a pathos borrowed from their resemblance to certain units of humanity who have come to on and somewhat similar. The derelict of life and the derelict of the ocean have much in common. For man and man's handiwork there is a period of adolescence, of prime, and of decay. in a certain bay in whose waters I occasionally cast a line, there is an old battered hulk, which is a fair specimen of its class. All pretence of paint has long ago did- appeared from itsweathorbeaten tides. The masts, formerly of imposing girth and towering altitudes, I are represented by the short stumps, Once the breezes blow and the birds sang in their aerial heights in forests of Norway or Oregon, They had brothers and sisters about them of gigantic stature, and stalwart children sprang from their fruitful comes as the giant in the fable grow from the tiny phial 3 and together they laughed in the sun and the storm on the mountain side, like a hand of Norse gods climbing to their Olympus. The planks were English oak, but the worm bores and the bar- made callings where the bo J buzzed and the robin nested. \- At last, perhaps, it did not seem SO desolate to those woods to be made into a ship, because, there was life in that too. The dash through the rushing tide was a novelty, the, singing of the winds in the rigging was a reminiscence of former days; but to lie at anchor dismasted and dirty, like a lame and mounted bird, must be the Tartarus of ships and timbers alike, If one could only know the history of this old hulk since it was first launched, when the century was in its teens, what a story that would be ! What trade was all in when she was a clipper ship. Al at Lloyd's? what missions of commerce did she hurry upon ? what bales and packages and casks of merchandise did she carry in the dark hold, which is now given over for a storehouse of coal, and in which the look fierce rat now his his undisputed abiding place? All this must be left to the imagina- tion of the casual observer. No doubt each one of those hulks has performed good work in the service of commerce, has earned its cost for its owner a hundred times over before the wind and the water rendered her unseaworthy, or power fashioned clippers or proud and swift steamships put her maritime note out of joint. In all old was novels the sailor is pictured as looking on his ship with genuine affection. There it every reason to believe that this is the case we should, in any case, be very unwilling to throw the pale shadow of that scepticism, which is the fashionable intellectual attitude, upon the truth of BO interesting a picture. The splendid sea stories of Marryatt and Fenimore Cooper are, at any rate, charged with allusions to this affection. It is only natural to suppose that such a feeling does exist in the breast of the sailor for the buoyant form that has stood for years between him and a watery grave. Upon the seaworthiness of every plank, in the hull rests the responsibility of the lives of all on board. People who go long voyages by sea probably do not rolled upon how near they are to that country in whose beauty we all so firmly believe, but to which we all show an equal disinclination to set out Look at the rind of wood, or the skin of iron which representa- the' theft of the proudest ship, and thou think of the tornado, the cyclone, and the five miles of cold, dark water swaying between the bottom of the ship and the bottom of the ocean, and the answer whether a sea voyage is a thing to be jauntily undertaken with the fate of the Quetta looming frightfully ahead as one of the possibilities. It seemed to old Horace an act of consummate intrepidity the part of the sailor who first committed his light Shell to the devouring ocean, and sailed straight away into the unknown. So it was. In every age a Columbus has been a hero. There is almost as much danger now in the voyage from Europe to America as when Columbus undertook it but the heroism is all gone. The egg has been stood on its end. There is no attempt here to intimidate intending passengers by car, That would be impossible To the race which has evolved the man who makes a point of looking for a leak in a gas- pipe with the aid of a lighted match food is absolutely unknown. The sailor who has been on the verge of shipwreck and has owed his safety to the staunchness of his craft, manifested time and again, has a different feeling to that felt by the tyro who cannot even recognise danger when he sees it. Besides, the sailor feels that his ship is his home, and mon naturally have a lingering feeling of affection for over the insensate thing with which their lives have been associated for any long time. If we live for a number of years in one house, particularly if any catastrophe of our history has happened there, we feel when we are leaving it that we are leaving a part of our being short as well and this feeling has been subtly and exquisitely analysed by Victor Hugo as well as Wendell Holmes. This is, in truth, Longfellow's idea of the way in which houses are haunted. Of course, people who are in the habit of moving often do not understand this feeling. They do not feel it, for it is absurd to suppose that they could go on dropping pieces of their personality in every house they live in without becoming hopelessly attenuated. But if this is true of a house it must be truer still of a ship. It is a, pleasant thought that the sailor's practice of invariably alluding to his ship as " she " has arisen from this feeling. No doubt some dry-as. dust philologist will come forward with what he calls proofs that this habit arises from the defective grammatical structure of the language, and that a ship in "who" with the sailor because the corresponding word in Home old language was " of the feminine grander." I pro for in this case to appeal from the science of language to the source of language, and make my deductions from human nature itself. Men have always loved women, sailors more than other men. I tie natural, then, that, loving their ship at they love their sweethearts or their mothers, they should come to invest it with some womanly qualities, which undoubtedly most sailing ships have. A cynical person might like to enumerate these, and the task must be left to the cynic It is curious, too, that miners invariably allude to the mine upon which they are working as if it were a female. " Sho," they say, for instance, " who pans out well" It is a question whether sailor] fool this affection for the steamship. The steam engine has done away with much of the element of uncertainty in Boa voyages. A steamer is not the sailor's home in the sense that a sailing vessel is. The duration of the voyage is shorter, and may be predicted with something like certainty. There is no dalliance in the doldrums, no deference to contrary winds, no whistling for the wayward breeze. The steam engine has, in fact, revolutionised the seaman's life as well as the operations of commerce, and the traditional Jack tar is fading away with the wooden walls that were his home. The rude poetry of the sailor's life has been sacrificed to the unconquerable march of improvement. Jack has ever taken to temperance societies, and to-day we would probably look in vain for that hardy maritime phenomenon, hold up for the confusion of tobaccopliobiets, who used to show a quarter of a pound of strong navy tobacco every day, and bolt juice and plug when the office of mastication was performed, and yet give as fair an account of England's foes as any Hawkins or Drake that ever roamed the seas. This old hulk, floating darkly on the placid bay, must have had many interesting dramas performed upon its deck. A ship is temporarily a m crocos n of the world. All the dramas that are incidental to humanity are transacted in the narrow limits comprised within the space between figure-head and rudder. Mon live there, die there, sorrow there, joy there. What merry trolling and tall yarn spinning , has gone on in this deserted forecastle, what puffing of clay pipes and willing of pannikins of rum ! ' How many a time Jack lina load over these bulwarks in the tropic night, when the sea burst into luminous glory at the touch of the ship's prow, thinking of his wife and children on the other side of the solid earth, or thinking, perhaps, of the gay Sal or Nan, the Marguoritoa of his fitful amours ! Upon those docks, doubtless, a love tale or two was told with all the old sweet stupidities that mark such con- ference There is room for any romantic speculation concerning the past history of this mass of rolling boards. All the moving life and human interest have long ago departed from the breaking decks, excepting when a collier ranges alongside to a discharge coals into the hulk, while £10 old marine animal in charge of her positively incarnadinsB the waves and ambient atmosphere with his unrivalled adjectival eloquence. This at any rate is a touch of old times. Into what quiet groves or squalid quarters have the tars who spread the rails and turned the windlass of this old ship drifted? Most of those who formed her various crews have, we may be sure, long since made the personal acquaintance of the cherub that sits up aloft and looks after the life of poor Jack. They have completed the voyage of which all their other voyages were merely incidents, and have arrived who knows whither? We are all tailors: some time manning the yards, sometimes scrubbing down the decks, and for a little while singing in the of e castle. This bulky globe is our ship, and the ocean we tail upon is eternity. . Some day its decks will be empty of its busy crew, and it will float an old hulk, like the moon, in the depths of space, broken loose, it may be, from the cable of gravitation which anchors it to a dying sun, and cast adrift, a hopeless derelict, among the ordered sources of power worlds, us some old hulk in the night floats across the track of the stately Atlantic liners, Perhaps in some dockyard construct- for the accommodation of human craft that are laid up, having served their turn come sailors who have worked upon this hulk when it was a new ship are still living. These old fellows talk of a lot of killing but they must be almost as molaaoholy-looking as their ancient ship, worn and battered, and, most melancholy of all, quite useless. Commerce has clicked seaman and ship alike. Sucked them quite dry, and cast them aside with equal unconcern. There is no one who will paint the old ship, no reason that can colour the grey and wan imaginations of the veterans who mumble fairy tales about their sea-faring days, with jays in which hardly a tooth remains wherewith to show the now infrequent plug that charity provides. The A.B. it not usually thrifty, and when he surrenders his old calling has little left to fall back upon. He ends whom he began, pounded ; but bereft of all that he had at first youth, and health, and hope and is lucky if he finds the door of a friendly aims house open, within which to await the imperative " roll up " of the grisly boatswain. Those old hulks in our boys have found their glasshouse, where, in consideration of doing a little work in the way of housing coals and odd jobs of that kind, they are permitted to exist for a while, instead of being broken up. One of them is used for s boatshed, several lie on the bottom of the harbour Uko stranded whales, but the majority are still afloat, dodging for a little longer their inevitable fate. They are luckier at less than those wandering ghosts of ships floating on the ocean aimlessly, end empty, the sport of every wind that blows, drifting now a thousand miles west and again a thousand mile east, shunned by living ships as perhaps containing weird unhallowed secrets like those which Clarke Bussell has so often and opportunely dii offered upon them. They are lacking, too, than their brethren swinging deep down in the silent waters, through whose perth ales washes the cold sea, and in whose cabins and to Ida destroyer and shapeless sea things grope over chests and blocks, and the learning bones of drowned seamen. 