Rowing and Sailing Notes. The Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Burdekin) has pre sented the East Sydney Amateur Sailing: Club with a handsome trophy, which is to be sailed for on December 6, the second prize being also a valuable trophy given by Mr. J. R. Street, M.L.A. The Noutral 13ay Sailing Club has determined that Major Rennie's prize of 30gs shall be raced for on three occasions, tho ropult to be determined by a system of " points" arranged by tho committoo, tho boat having tho most " points " scouring the prize. Tho first contest will take place on December 20. The residents of Watsons Bay aro determined to have a great holiday time on New Year's Day ; and with this idea have issued a programme for a regatta, which will form a portion of the sports on January 1. With Mr. Tom Strange to superviso the aquatio arrangements, the affair is bound to be a success. The Leichhardt regatta programme for New Year's Day has been issued, and in it aro raoeB to suit all classes of boats ; and, with the known enorgy of tho hon. seoretary und committee, the entries should be numerous. Attention is directed to tho outline programme of. the National Regatta, 1891. The committeo will meet again on December 10, when the courses, con ditions, and valuo of prizes, will be sot forth, and the full programme will then bo issued. The resident medical practitioners at Oraugo have sont a strongly worded letter to the Orango Municipal Council against allowing tho now water supply souroe for the town to be polluted, and while not mention ing the now boat- racing, are evidently in earnest that no publio interference should be allowed with tho water reserve. The only wonder is that ovor such a thing was permitted. The Cruisors' Race (R.S.Y.S.), which waB to have been held on Saturday, was postponed until a future date. Tho Manly Rowing and Sailing Club has decided to hold a regatta on january 10, and the programme will shortly be issued. There will be two open races on the programme. Plans for a new shed for Bailing members have been prepared, and an expediture in this direotion will shortly bo made. Tho Syd; ey Amateur Sailing Club had a hurry ?curry race on Saturday afternoon for three prizes round tho lightship course. The entries and handi caps were: Irex, 22ft, scratch; Ellie, 22ft, 2min ; Vararía, 22ft, 2mi»; JColue, 2élt, 3min; Eula, 21ft, 3min; Triton, 22ft, 4min ; Vaounn, 22ft, 4min; Sea breeze, 24ft, 5min ; Curle w, 22ft, 6min; Lesbia, 23ft, 8min; Netta, 20ft, 8min ; Pomona, 20ft, S^min ; ard Sophia, 16ft, 12min. Mr. H. Doran officiated as starter and umpire, and got his fleet away to an excellent start a*i 315 p.m., tho Netta being first away, followed by Varuna, ¿Eolus, Irex, Sophia, Curlew, tho other boats being very late. AU went away for Bradleys, tho Cur lew taking the lead at Fort Denison, and was first round tho lightship, followed by .iEolua, Iicx, and Varuna. The timos rounding tho flagship were: Varuna 4h 9min, iEolua 4h 49min 15soo, Ellie éh 50jnin, Netta 4h 52min. The Irex and Pomona gave up. The Ellie's mainsail had carried away. The Netta waa therefore the winner on her time allowance with iEolua second and Varuna third, all sailed by their owners. The Port Jackson Sailing Club had a handioap sailing race on Saturday afternoon. The boats en tered with their handicaps wtre : Lottie, Mantura, and Craigielee, scratch ; Regina 30aeo, Idothea lmin, Atalanta 2min, Esmeralda 3£min ; Isadore, Scylla, and our Tom 6min ; Our May, Wild Wave, and Violet 5£min ; and Tho Ghost and Masailia 6min each. The course ohoBen was tho lightship conreo. Tho strong north-westerly gale put up very lumpy water, and the boats starting were: Oar Tom, Wild Wavo, Isadore, Scylla, Ghost, Mantura, and Craigieleo. Tho Mantura waa first away, followod by the Our Tom, Ghoat, Craigielee and Iaadore ; all the boats were close reefed except tho Craigielee and Our Tom. Attempting tho rounding of Shark Ialand in the teeth of the heavy 8quaila, ono boat after another capsized, until only tho Mantura and Isadore were left in the conteat, and a great race onaued the crews showing some splendid seamanship in the rough water. Tho Mantura waa first past the flatboat, 32soo in advance of tho Isadore, the latter vessel however winning tho raco by 4min 28sec within her time allowance. A protest was entered against tho winner for carrying a wrong jibsail. Tho first prize was £3, and tho second £2. Commodore George Hellings had charge of the raco, and pluckily assisted to save ono of tho" crow of the White Cloud, when that boat capsized, by jumping from tho fol lowing steamer to his rescuo. A match has been mado botweon tho 24-footers Lottie and Regina for .£20 a-sidc, to bo sailed on Saturday, Decembrr 13, bf st and beat crews. Mr. C. P. M'Cor.villo will handlo tho tiller of tho former boat, and tho vet' ran Tom Colebrook tho Regina. The course is tho Manly ono. In tho collision caso between tho steamers Burwah and Kate, whereby tho latter was sunk, the Marino Board of Brisbane find that it waa caused by the in sufficient look-out kept on board the Burwah. 