A Caution to Curates. A SERMON OX SERMONS. BIT AROII DEAGOU FATIRA.R. That evergreen of journalism — the sermon question — is treated in an inter esting way by Archdeacon Farw in the Forum (Now York) for November. He begins by a short plea for sermons. Most sermons are bad, it is true, but then ao also are lnnnh nnfioclins Hn livered elsewhere. Sermons are un questionably great soporifics, but then ' must not the blame at least be shared by EutychuB who sleeps V Besides, ' preaching is an ordinance, and almost a distinctive ordinance, of Christianity.' Therefore, suggests the Archdeacon, congregations should suffer foolish sermons 'gladly, in remembrance of the great eermons of St. FrancU, and Fenelon, and Wesley, Having disposed oE these (somewhat half-hearted) apo logetics, Archdeacon Farrar proceeds to tho main subject of his article, which is ' Modern Claims upon the Pulpit.' He says — THE COWARD'S 0A.STXE. 'We live in times when nearly all know how to read, and when excellent books are within the easy reach even of the noorest. Nothinar is mora fatal to the pulpit than that in the very subjects with which it deals, it should be surpassed in knowledge by the pew. Nothing is more offen ive in the modern preacher, especially when be is young and raw and ignorant, than the assumption oE any right to lay down the law on disputed topics. He should rather endeavour to convince, and to illustrate, and to persuade, and to win. The pulpit is no longer a coward's castle. The preacher can be answered if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self-important assertions will bo taken only for what they are worth. Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetence. Hie moat aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of Mb authority, but of his conceit. Nothing will tell more powerfully and more deservedly against tho modern preacher than for him to give himself the airs of the medieval inquisitor or the domineering priest. THE CUH i.TE*3 QUAGMIRE' Against greed and oppression, against falsehood and utideanness, against robbery and wrong, the hum bleBt preacher miiy set his face as a flint. If he be faithful even in this region of his teaching, ho may find an unlimited sphere of usefulness and abundant opportunities for martyrdom. And when he is maintaining with modest conviction the central fruits oE the Christian faith, enshrined in the Nicene and Apostolic creeds as the primitive heritage of Christian ity, he ma7 lean Ms feebleness npon the vast authority of the universal Church. But when he leaves these solid bases for the quagmires of questions respecting which all Chris tians may lawfully differ, and when he mistakes the consent of popular ignor ance or the current of fashonable opinion for truths which he may try to enforce by vulgar methods of ecclesiastical controversy, he renders himselE ridiculous and base. He may easily Buccumb to the temptation of degrading a sacred ordinance into a coarse engine for personal aggrandise ment and party intrigue. the preicuer's cukses AOAtiysT SCIEIfCB. : There are two great department of knowlege which preachers are con stantly tempted to invade, with no better equipment than the traditional and uninstructed opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and. which is olten. rendered still more offensive by being ornamen ted with a smattering of impossible apologetics. They are the domains of science and of Biblical criticism. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has sufficient honesty to accept facts can possible deny that scarcely a single truth of capital im portance in science has ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the fury of theological dogmatists. In every instance the dogmatists have been ignominiously defeated. Tho world moved, as G-alileo said it did, in spile of the Inquisiti?u, A great Puritan divine thought that he had checked the progress of astro nomical inquiry when ho Baid that he preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton j yet Newton was absolutely right and the Puritan div ine was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulminated . anathemas against the early geologists ; and one religous conlroverdialist — with the exquisite culture and suavity which marks the ordinary language of self sufficient bigots — satisfied himselE that during age3 which preceded the crea tion ' God had been preparing a hell for the geologists.' Yet, before thirty years had elapsed, the rejection of the truths which palaeontology had re vealed would have been regarded as the mark of an idiot. Let the modern' preacher learn a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of judg ment from the disastrous annals of the past. His curses, like chickens, will only come home to roost. THE EXi'DODED DOGMA 01' ' VEEllAL DICXATIOX.' Again there has been an undoubted advance in the domain of Biblical knowledge. A preacher who relies only on our authorised version will preach on scores of tests which an instructed hearer knows to bo mistraus lated or to have a meaning quite otkor than tho ono attached to them. Further than this, -m immense and silent revolution has takou place in the whole mode of regarding Scripture. The old dogma of verbal dictation has become too haseleBfl an absurdity for any well- iuBtruoted and unbiassed intelli gence to maintaio, Men have been ? ^ — ' mr, learning more and more fully the S£ significance of tho wise rabbinic saying \ % that ' the law speaks in the tongue of «? ' the sons of men ;' in other words, that - l the limitations of human language and ?--. the disabilities of human infirmity ' SfJ were not miraculously romoved from ¥ - those who were chosen as the channels ©f1 of divine revelation. It has been seen fjjfe that different parts o£ the Bible are of fe very different value, and that much of §1 tho morul teaching of tho Old Testa- |i moabn-epresonts an inferior phase o£ f|§ enfrghtenment and stands far below II that of the New. Mankind has been §k slow to learn the lesson ; but the IP preacher who in these days thinks it j|| necessary, as was done by a very re- ip cent commentator, to institute a §1 parallel between Jael ami tho Virgin l§ Mary, to defend tho human sacrifice K| offered by Jephthah, to treat slavery I; as a divine institution, to refer acts I oE atrocioun cruelty to the direct com- P mand of tho All-merciful, and to r maintain the righteousness of wars \ which ended in the wholesale and f cold-blooded masacro of innocent K women and children — such a preacher | may revel in the admiration of young I ladies and religious cliques, but he | puts himself out of court when he \ claims to impose his crude ignorance and shifting mordity upon the con sciences of wise and thoughtful men. Archdeacon Parrar concludes hia very outspoken article by somo just censures on those preachers who ex cuse their own ignorance by represen ting the advance of knowledge as due to ' uubelieE,' anil by advising all preachers to learn, as educated hearers | have long learned, to discriminate I between the wheat of divine revelation f and the immeasurable chaff of human I theories and systems. | ? *? ? i 