HOLY GHOST COLLEGE, BALLARAT. THE annual distribution of prizes at the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, took place on Thursday evening, 26th ult. As it was believed advisable that, for the first year, the breakup should be private, no visitors were present but the Bight Eev. Dr. Moore and a large nutaber of the clergy of the district. The proceedings of the evening opened with an address to his Lordship, read in very effective style by Patrick Ryan. This was followed by the various items of a very interesting programme, consisting of songs, recitations in several languages, pieces of music finely executed on the piano and the violin. Mr. Bailey and Mr. Brunn, the two music masters of the college, lent their valuable assistance to impart a higher finish to the entertainment. Amongst the juvenile performers P. Ryan, J. M'Mananing, W. Slattery, W. M'Carthy, P. Twomey, and P. J. Walsh especially distinguished them- The following is the address which was presented to his Lordship:— " My Lord,—Pew things could afford us more sincere delight than does the honour we enjoy to-day of bidding to your Lordship a most hearty welcome on your first official visit to the institute, which has sprung into existence at your word, and which aspires to greatness under your continued favour. It were a pride to us were this our only ground for satisfaction to see amongst us one of those true princes whom the breath of kings can neither make nor unmake, but there are other reasons for our gladness on which this is not the time or place to dwell at any length, and which can now find little more of fit expression than is given in the full- Booled vehemence of the cheers that greet you. It is a great joy to have the close of our year's labours blessed by such a token of esteem and sympathy from the great Bishop under whose paternal auspices they were begun. Beyond this we can nor need say little more at present than that your works are known to young and old amongst us. To say more were but to ring the changes upon eulogies you have already listened to in every quarter of your diocese, to go over for the hundredth time those merits which preeminently endear you to your flock, those wise and generous exertions whioh ensure to you for all time a place of honour in the educational history not alone of Ballarat, but of these colonies at large. With a thoroughly devoted pastor's watchfulness, you have been quick to note the wants and dangers of your children, and unflaggingly self-sacrificing in endeavouring to meet them. Tou have seen that light was what they chiefly needed—giving them credit for a hearty readiness to profit by it if it come. herefore, you have striven to give them ore and more of it, and to baffle the malignant sohemes of those who sought to keep them from their rightful share of it. Not in you can any man pretend to have discovered even a single trait of likeness to the skulking hireling who shrinks into ignoble shelter when the ravager is swooping on the fold. The hour of risk has ever found you on the heights of Sion, trumpeting your summons to the mighty ones of Judah to arise and humble any foeman who attempted to profane her sacred borders. Skilled'in every method of defence upon which victory oould depend, yott- may claim the rare distinction of haviitfc worsted the enemy by means of weapons Bnatched out his own hands, and of having given to the world an example of sublime disinterestedness by employing the resources put at your disposal to promote the glory of the God who gave them. May many a year of health and vigour still be granted to you to go on with the great work you have so splendidly begun, and may you at the last take rank among the glorious pontiffs who in their days have been found just, whose path has been a shining light, whose deeds are a source of happiness and peace to those around them, is the fervent wish of your devoted children, " TBE MASTERS AND POHLS OF THE HOLY GHOST COLLEGE." Or. Moore replied in substance to the. following effect:—He was deeply grateful for the high compliments with which he had been honoured, and, though he oould not help regarding them as far above his merits, yet he set a real value on the genuine good Heeling which he knew had prompted them. He felt as proiid~bTbeing in the midst of hose to whom he owed .this welcome as the^ ould be at having him before them. For il here was an institution in his diooese upon whose destinies he kept his eyes fixed with' a more eager interest than those of any other, it was certainly the Holy Ghost College. It had cost him much trouble to procure the Fathers who conducted it. That trouble he had never in the least been tempted to begrudge, for the fine things he had heard of their performances in other quarters of the globe,_ had led him to believe that their establishment in Ballarat would be amongst the greatest benefits he could confer upon his people. In these bright anticipations he could say in all sincerity that he had not been, in the slightest measure, disappointed. He was intensely glad to see from what that evening came before him, and from what he otherwise had ample opportunities of witnessing and hearing, that this new college had already risen to a position of importance such as fully justified the highest hopes he, too, conceived regarding it. It was going forward more boldly and more rapidly than even those who wished it best, and had put most unwavering faith in it, could have believed it capable of doing. It was with mingled wonder and delight he had been given to understand that an establishment which as yet counted but a few months of existence had ventured to send up some -pupils to the university examinations. Should it pass but two or three, he would regard it as a feat which had not yet been equalled in the colony, for, as far as he could learn, no school in the colony, even in days when the university standard was far below the height which it has presently attained, sent any student into this redoubtable arena before it had been hard at work for several years. It was a great thing not only to have reached success in such a short time, but even to have got so near it as to be able to entertain a reasonable hope of reaching it. In conclusion, he heartily congratulated the Holy Ghost Fathers on the fine results which had thus blessed their first year's labours in his diocese, and encouraged them to look forward to a singularly brilliant future for their rising institute. 