LA TOSCA. ' k£ X©j3y Hamilton, ?' ' *TEbb; lie is infatuated, mad, tas even. *OB.e 60 far as to figtt for her with Count SEariBCOttL This . happened yesterday ; Indkaiy- he was only slightly wounded.' *My poor boy,' sighed Sertoriug. « Have you heard this, Marta? Roswein's is the .fate of all artists, but I thought — ' He was interrupted by a moan of anguish, a few muttered words, «Karl! Karl 1 my love!1 and the next momeat Marta swayed, staggered, and fell heavily to the floor. In. an instant the startled father was by hex aide and raised her in his arms. Her utterance of Roswein's name had disclosed the whole situation. Like a flash, he real ised his daughter's love and suffering. * Ah !' he cried, wildly, as he held her to his breast ; ' the scoundrel ! He has killed my child 5 he has taken her away from me ; Oh 1 God of vengeance ; a tiger would have spared her j Marta, Marta.' At this moment Gertrude, the servant, came running in to her master's assistance; ©ltd Kaiisch, seeing that he could be of no service, and inexpressibly shocked at the result of his thoughtless words, discreetly withdrew, leaving the little group alone with the sorrow that ingratitude and in constancy had brought upon them. It was nine o'clock in the evening. The long twilight had at last faded. The moon was slowly rising, almost full and pearly white, maiding the trembling lights of the stars grow pale. The seven hills were bathed in a clear opaline vapor, their sum mits outlined in broken lines against the sky. The tomb of the Scipios and the ruins of-the baths of Caracalla rose up like great ghosts of long forgotten days. The waters of the fountain in the garden glistened like fairy money in the moonlight and fell 'with a silvery tinkle in their marble recep tacle. And, in the melodious silence of the night, rose the voice of a peasant away in the distance, singing on his way home, as it were a rustic chant in honor of the moon and stars. Mario Cavaradossi was leaning on the balustrade of the balcony of his villa ab sorbed in contemplation of the seTene beauty of the landscape, a great thankful ness filling his heart for the blessing vouchsafed 'him in. the love of the one woman who was all the world t® him. He had succeeded that morning in safely conducting to this secluded spot the poor, hunted Cesare Angelotti, and through the instrumentality of an old and trusted ser Tant, a ffirencTrman named Francois who had been with him for many years, had managed to communicate with the Mar chesa Attavanti and apprise her of her tjrother's place of refuge. The Marehesa, with the greatest care to avoid observation, had hastened to the villa. It had been arranged that Cesare was to attempt to pass from the city early in the morning in the disguise of a fruit-vendor, make his way to the nearest seaport and embark on the first vessel bound for France. Mario had then discreetly left the brother and Bister together for a few last farewell Words. Suddenly the bells of the city chimed 'the half hour. Mario cast away the cigar he had been smoking and passed through the open window into the house. 6 Marehesa/ he said, * I am sorry to abridge your interview with your brother, but it will be safer not to remain longer. All our plans are made and you can rely on me to serve Signor Angelotti as far as in me lies.' The blue eyes of the Marehesa, a pretty woman of 25 or thereabouts,fiUed with tears. ? How ever can we- express our gratitude to you, Signor Cavaradossi,' she exclaimed impulsively, ' for all that you have done for my brother? And you an entire Btranger, too !' * My dear Marehesa,* returned the painter, earnestly ; * I shall be more than repaid if all gees welL' s My only fear, said Cesare, ' is from that eeoundrel Scarpia. I know something of him, and he is bloodthirsty, treacherous, and unscrupulous. My escape so soon after Ms assuming his duties as regent of police will enrage him, and he will leave Ho stone unturned, I feel confident, to effect my recapture.' * Oh ! if that wretch of a gaoler had not proved false to us,' sighed his sister, * you would now be in safety. However, we must hope for the best, and, as you say, Signor Cavaradossi, I must tarry here no longer.' 'With a convulsive embrace and a few faltered words of love and encouragement, she bade her brother farewell and accepted Cavaradossi' s escort as far as the baths of 'Caracalla, in the shadow of which her carriage awaited to conduct her back to the city. . On his return, Mario produced $» bottle of win-e and glasses, and the two young men sat down' to .perfect their plans for xne merrow. ' You are Bure,' began Mario, ' you under eStetaaid exactly what you are to do. Your dis guise is ready for you and the donkey and fruit-cart are in the stables. With the pass furnished your sister for you by the Prince, I cannot see how you can have any diffi culty in passing the sentinels. Once away from the city it is comparatively clear sail ing. In case of your refuge here being dis covered, Francois is on watch and will give us instant notice of anything suspi cious. Then, you know what you are to do.' * Yes 5 fly at once to the well-cistern, and remain there until you release me.' * Exactly 1 The well is long since dry, and I think you would stand little chance of being discovered.* * It wouldjSeem so/ with a sigh 5 ' but, \- for some reason or other, I cannot shake off a certain fear, a presentiment of com ing misfortune.' . ?-..??. * Tnat is weat, ana more than roonsn, when you have need of all your courage*: and ^energy.' , * 'True! but this man Scarpia, like an evil genius, is ever .present »to. my mind. However/ suddenly, ^1 will never be taken alive i' .^ ?...-....;?' ? ?/__?„ .'.;?.'.?/:,..'.? ?? As-h-e spoke, the young man tapped sig aoificantly an ancient intaglio ring he wore C fWhat ;.^V'y^-;^?n3ei^?'^:;.a^ed^-3lGan.o,-; puzzled by his action.; ,: ' ? . ? ? ? ' ?? ? ?? *I mean;:tMB : This ring waB presented 'i» ;:©n©' ';&£, ^iny ^ancestors- hy Francisco di v ^SjeidSpL':] It contain drop of which is sufficient tp cause xleath, and- — 1-—' ? '' ' - ? ? ? This is folly !' exclaimed Mario. * Ban ish all such gloomy thoughts. AH has gone well so far, and there is every char.ee — & He was interrupted by the entrance of a robust, well-preserved, man of about fifty, dressed in an unassuming suit of dark brown. 'What is it, JFran^oi&f; :asked . Mario, quickly, a little startled. ? The Signora Tosca. is here, and insists upon seeing you at-- once. I thought it best to give you warning.' , ? Floria here !' he. cried, starting to Mr feet. - Quick ! Angelotti, go into the next room. She must^not see you.* It was not a moment too soon. Scarcely had the door closed upon Angelotti and Frangois than La Tosca entered the room. She had driven to within a short distance of the villa and then left the carriage. She wished to prevent the sound of wheats giving warning of her approach. As she entered the broad walk which led to the garden she saw two figures coming toward her. Hastily concealing herself behind a elump of bushes she recognised in the moonlight the features of Mario and the Marehesa Attavanti. It was all true, then, and he was false to her. All anger was gone, all suspense ended. The blow had fallen, and the light was gone from her life. Like one in a 'trance she crouched where she was until she saw Mario return to the house. Then, with slow, staggering steps she f ollowed, this one thought burn ing in her brain : * To see him once more, to accuse Tii-m of his perfidy, and. then — chaos.' At the first glance at her white, drawn face, Mario understood that something disastrous had occurred since the morning. ?? My dear child/ he cried, *what is it?* 'What has happened ?' At the same time he advanced and tried to take her 'h».T-fIs. Slowly she withdrew them and recoiled from his touch. *3STo, no!' she murmured through her pale lips. Although she was revolted at what she considered her lover's treachery, and was determined to break with him for ever, now that she was in his presence s'he could only feel that he was the man she had so madly loved; Her limbs seemed like lead, and her tongue clove to the roof of her mouth. The movement of repulsion provoked by his approach had not escaped 2£ario. * Floria !' he cried, thoroughly alarmed, He redoubled his efforts to obtain an explanation. He finally succeeded in seizing her hands 5 he pressed them in t»s 5 they were icy and lax, like those of a dead person ; he tried in vain to warm them in his own ; they remained cold as snow ; he looked into her face j her eyes were fixed, staring blindly into vacancy. More and naore frightened and discon certed, he drew her toward himj and repeated in a confused, disconnected man ner, the same words, the same phrases. ' Have confidence in me. Speak. Floria ! Speak. 'What is it ? Floria !' A convulsive tremor ?shook her frame, and, wrenching herself from his grasp, she burst into a perfect passion of tears and sobs. * Floria ! Speak to me, to me, who loves you above all things.' * No, no !* she sobbed, i * Do not lie. Do not lie. It is useless.' Then, suddenly drying her eyes, she faced him. * 'Was it worth your while/ she said, in a low constrained voice, * to betray a woman who loved you as I did? * Betray ? You are mad, Floria.' * No ; I have recovered my senses. My God I how I loved this man/ speaking more to herself than to him. * How I loved this man. He was my idol, my re-- ligion, my god! And now — he has be trayed me.' K In utter amazement, Mario heard these words. He was about to speak, but she stopped Tiitti with a gesture. * No ; do not lie to me again. Let us have done with falsehood. You told me to-dav that vou did not know the Mar ehesa Attavanti' — with a gasp as if the very utterance of the name hurt her. :That was false! You did know her. More than that, she was here with you this very night. Ah 1 do not deny it. I know it.' Very, very gently, he spoke. * I do not deny it, Floria. She was here.' She uttered a muffled cry. ' Mario ! 'Why have you done this ?' What need had you to disguise from me the truth? My Godj I thought you so honest, so sincere, I placed- 5=011 so high ! If you had told me the truth, I loved you enough, yes I loved, you enough, to disap-. pear, and leave you to be happy with her * Floria/ interrupted Mario, with an im passioned gesture, * listen to me one mo ment, I implore you. 'Will you ?' Listlessly she gave ar sign of consent. All feeling seemed dead within her. * Floria/ he went on, * believe me, I im plore you, for it is the 'truth. The Mar- chesa Attavanti has been here to-night, yes^! I told you this morning I did not know her ; that was 'true. I spoke to her here to-night for the first time j there is a secret in all this which I cannot reveal to you, which I have sworn not to reveal. Ah, Floria ! you love - me, but you can not trust in my fidelity* . How can you wrong me so? Can you doubt your own power so foolishly as to believe my love capable, of change or' diminution ? ? I loved you the first hour I saw you ; I love you now, and I shall love you, and only you, forever. I swear to you this is true.' 'With wide, staring eyes she gazed at 'him. She recognised the accents of truth in his voice ; she would give her life to believe him, and yet — and yet. Suddenly the thought of the fan, came to her, the fan which Scarpia had given her, and which she still retained; ; He was deceiving .her/then, in saying'he had ^ seen . the^Jttar chesa for the first time that night. No one but she could have dropped, that fan in the chapel. SheSirewit from her pocket and cast it upon lihe table. . . , ; ? *H6w did jit happen^ then/ she -asked, in a;Cold hard voice, * that this fan of the Marchesa's was found, before your picture ^£n the «atap'el^o£ ^rjA^trewf^ '? ': '; . \ ../ . ': [ Ceo 3E ;CON03Nuia).) , 