SOME GHUST STOEIES. According tothe New York Sun, a number of questions on spiritism and kindred subjects were recently submitted to certain prominent American citizens, with a request that they would supply a short original ghost story. l)r. Allan M'Lane Hamilton sent the following story, for which he vouches : — CAUCED iTTAT. I will tell you a true ghost story, and one that sends a cold shiver through niv frame whenever I think of it. When 1 was in Shanghai, China, in 1S7S, in com pany with Ling Look and Tamadeva (we were, then travelling under the same of the Royal Illusionists), one afternoon Chang-, the Chinese giant ; Ling Look, Yamadeva, several ship captains, and I, drove out on the Bubbling- Well road to the Eertnitsg-e, a sort of summer garden about *four niiles1 from the English quarter of Shanghai, and while there we all took part in a game of tenpins. One of the captains, a buriy German, made a great many ten strikes by throwing the largest ball in the rack. This roused Yamadeva, and he also attempted to throw the large ball, but in doing so fell back and complained of a pain in the right breast. We drove him back to the city and summoned an English physician, who pro nounced it a case of ruptured musc-les. and as sured us that the young man would be all right in a fe wdays. On the fourth day after the acci dent Yamadeva was apparently so much better that the doctor said it would be perfectly safe for him to go with us to Hong Kong oa the steamship Khiva, which was to leave tbat afternoon. We all embarked, and about mid1 night on the first night out I was a^rakened by two piercing shrieks of 'Kellar } Kellar !' These were the last words Yaaia deva ever 6poke, for when I reached his cabin his head was lying in Ling Look's arras — he was dead. Tlie ship's doctor said he had burst a blood vessel. The captain of the steamer kindly consented to carry the body to Hong Kong, and tie ship's carpenter made a rough coSin, and the remains of our companion tvere de posited on the bridge. On the evening of the second day, at about 9 o'clock, while the ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Ling Look, Mr. Gray, of the Hong Kong and Shanghai band, Mis. Gray, a clergyman and I were seated on deck in the aft, when suddenly there was s. clear and distinct whistle — ti-ta-tati-tati — such as our company used for the purpose of recognition. We all were very much astonished, and inure or less excited. Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, ' That is Yama deva whistling,*' and answered the call by our well-known tioo-ti-ti ! This was imme diately answered by the correct reply, ti-i-i-i-oo. Ling Look now gave the first call, ti-ta-ti-tati-tati. This was immediatelj answered by the invisible power with tioo ti-ti- The calls were repeated by Ling several times, and each tune the correct reply came from the air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, as every place was carefully searched. Tlie ship's ofik-ers at first made light of the affair, but- when the whistling was repeated, and Liug- Lock would tell them beforehand what answer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and tiie cap tain said it was the most wonderful thing- he had ever experienced in his life. Ling Look in sisted on opening the coSin to see if Yama deva was really dead, and wliea he viewed the body he said, ' Yamadeva is calling me, and I must go with him.' Poor Ling- Look was taken sick in Hong Koi-g and disd in the hospital there, and we buried him. besile his brother Yamtideva. They are retting side by side in Happy Valley, the beautiful cemetery of Houg Kong-. THE Pliii'XOX DOCTOE. Dr. Daniel Greenieaf Thompson, president of the Nineteenth. Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom Doctor: — . I was spending the susanicr at Newport, whtra I had gone to recuperate from, the arduous duties of my profession, when I met a girl with whoni I fell desperately in love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and tie fact that she not only ignored my existence, but that she was already engaged to another man whom, she evidently' adored, did not in the least cool the ardour oi' ray pas sion. From the first moment of our meeting I leved lier as one loves once in a lifetime, and I worsluppod in secret. Though we lived ia the suine boarding hcu-e — a pretty vine-covered cottage over looking the sea — we rarely met except at meal times. Emily and he? bttrotutd, wiiose name was James Jerome, usually wandered oft by themselves during the diiytime, leaving me a prt?y to a fierca, consuming jealousy : and in the evening, while I sat apart, moody and disconsolate, vainly trying- to fix my atten tion upon a book, I could hear the faint mur mur of their voices from a retired corner of the verandah that overlooked the rippling moontouched ocean. One night, however, something oecirrred that caused niy blood to riot madly in my veins, and tLe recollection of which, -even now, sends a thrill through my entiie being. It happened in this way : I had gone to bed impressed with that acute, mysterious sense of coming- evil which sometimes affects the moss phlegmatic penous. I recollect tie ia tense sultriness oi the air, the oppressive stillness, and the gentle rhythmic swish of the water against tLe clifrs below. I do not know how scon I fell asleep, nor how long I continued to sleep, but J. was roughly awakened after a time by a loud rap at my door. Spring ing- oat of bed. X drow the bolt and inquired what was wanted. To my utter astonishment Emily stood before nie, her -whit!? wrapper barred -with yellow moonlight that streamed through the shutter in the hali. Her hair, Ions: and golden, was unbound and flouted in shining strands over her shoulders She appeared to be greatly agitated, while as for me I was so overcome by the unexpected bight of her there tiiat I could ioel iny heart beat aptiLust the pan;?! of the do or on wLich I leaned. In a ievr words she told me wliat was wrong. Her lover, Jerome, had been taken violently ill. I wa.s a physician, as she well kuerc-. Would I coaie at once aad give ray assist ance? She had beea summoned by one of the housemaids, aud llrs. Gibson. Emily V motlier. a seini-iiivalid herselt', was aLreadv stationed in the .sick room. The instant I re :tssure»l her, sayings I would come immediate! v, sLe withdrew, vaiiishinjr down the corridor, a in Kn-iliutninated, ghostly fig- ore, and I lie.ti-d her descend to the floor below. When, five minutes later, I reached Jerome's apart mc-ut. I found him suiierimr from internal pains of «reat violence, the cause of which I was unable to detemihi.?. He became q-.det-?r after I had adminLt-.-icd sr-me morphine, aud presently fell into a profound sleep. Emily rc-mainfl in riie room, and as I w.itclied Jerome I saw that she regards J me intotitiy, sus piciously. It cut me to the heart to thiuk I was yn object of distru=i to Ler ; ltat the jne:\? fact of finding xnvseii compara tively alone with her at tbyt silent Lour of the night intoxicated me with joy. When I returned to my room my pulse was bounding- with excitement. Por soins time I tossed ito-jut, uaable to sleep. 'When at ia-st repose oaaie I droameda strung? and horrible dreaxi. I heurd Emily's voice ciill me by name and summon me to Jerome's chamber. I rose j and dressed, and went dewn tli-? creakiugstairs to his door, which I opened. He was lying in bed, ana X myself watched beside hiia. 2*o one else was there. Oh, how I hated hira and how I loved Emily! How I ioMtlied his very pre.rscce ! A iiendiA impulse c:mii- over me to kill him — an impulse tLat niomentarilv grew stronger. My body st.tniiusr on the throsiiolJ saw icy spirit cautiously measure a dose of poiaLiu from a vial. Then with benched face I rose -Jerome on his pillow, and. furling- open iu» teeth, I gave him the deadly draught. A look ot unutterable horror came into the sirk man's face — a lujk I slmU never forgot. But fearful convulsions seized hiin. lie ?writhed in agony, and in a lu^incat lay t-tiil j and Hgid. A v.ild delight posse^^I me. I , cried aloud and awoke. Good God I not to find j myself in bed at all, but standing shivering- in ' the iiull with au tanpty vial olutuhed in one , hand, aud the cool, grc-7 morning erc-c-piag ! through the v/invJow. lror a b:Ief spu-:^ I ' was dazsd, stunned, horrified beyond mea sure. How came I here ? Gradually I recalled the summons in the night. The incidents, one by one, came hack to me. I remembered I had remained below not half an hour. The frightful dream rushed upon my memory. I knew that I had deliberately murdered James Jerome — murdered him because I wanted the woman he loved, and whose affection he had won. for myself. I had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of sweat broke out npon me as this awful truth became clear to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild dash down the stairs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breafcix:g day fell directly across his motionless figure. I advanced with a halt ing, staggering gait, and peered into his face. It was asihen. My eyes glared in hoi-rible apprehension aa I placed one hand upon his forehead. The touch chilled me from head to foot like ice. He was dead, unmistakably dead. Then I fled from the room, and for a time knew no mnre X will pass over the hours of desperate agony that followed. Suffice it to say that, although I feel perfectly irresponsible for Jerome's death, I yet knew instinctively thst I had murdered him. The empty vial, iny unaccountable presence in the hall, my dream, all pointed to a shocking and loath some reality. I knew that on my soul rested the burden of *3iig horrible crime. Then came the second chapter in tiie tragedy. The trouble and the excitement incident to the calamity that had occurred in the house caused Emily to be utterly prostrated. I had not seen her since that fatal morn ing wlien I awoke to find myself branded .is a murderer. Like a criminal I hid ia my room overwhelmed with sorrow, stmorse, despair. Then I remember, I heard that she, too, was ill, and that my professional services were required a second time. The misery that took possession of me knew no bounds. I was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. I shrank from the possible path into -which my other sellf — That hideous phantom of myself — might lead me. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More dead than alive I found myaelf crossing the threshold of tbat dimly-lighted room. Again I pre scribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All the time my heart went out to the poor suffering girl whose anguish I had caused. I loved her more than ever. I rushed away, and once more sought forgetfulness in sleep, and once more I dreamed. I saw myself steal on tip toe along the dusky corridor, starting back afirighted when I thought to hear a sudden footstep : then emerging boldly from the moonlight to the deep g-lojm of the staircase, I passed on to Smily's apartment. Through the open doorway I saw the interior, red dened by the lamplight that streamed in flickering rays into the entry. I myself, or my double, spirit or flesh, I know not which, sat by the sleeping girl, holding one of her bands in mine. I stood rooted to the spot as if fascinated. I watched myself as a tiger gloats over its victim. My breath came in thick gasos as I saw myself rise slowly from the bedside, and with an expression of devilish cunning pour something from a vial into a glass. I raised Emily in bed and gave her the medi cine. She began to strugg-le violently, as if she divined my purpose. I held her like a vyce and forced the liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned upon me a look of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed with malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt a sickening compression about my throat, and I awoke as before to find myself half dressed on the stairs with an empty vial in my nerveless hands. For the second time I had been guilty of murder, and the ?woman I adored had been my victim. I knew that she had died bj my hand. So it after ward proved. She was dead ; poisoned. In my own room the sun dancedjbn the floor. The clear day was advancedi-'-The fresh salt air blew upon my fevered temples. Outside birds sang1 joyously amid thejfcrans Xjarent green of the trees. The sea sparkled' Mke a belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own soul. I -was damned here, doomed to damnation for all eternity. J&y; spirit appeared to be slipping from my body as a shadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled -with death. I heard myself appeal to G-od for mercy. I saw myself struggle madly. An icy chill came over me. I realised the fact that dis solution was inuainent. My eyes were as stone — sightless. Sly tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. I gathered strength to utter one heartrending- shriek — such a shriek as might have come straight from the in nermost depth of hell. And then came a wondrous light and change, I was alone in my own room — not in New port, but in New York. I was not the phantom doctor at all, but myself, and, with an exultant thrilL I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my fearful experiences had been naught but dreams within dreams — visions wrapped ebout with impenetrable and ghostly shades. PLATIXG V/1T1I A CORPSE. Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the fol io-wing : — Among tlie most brilliant of the students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tier-nay. To a g-eneral adapta bility to the science of medicine he added a coolness and nerve in the use of the knife in ^ur^ieal operations that made Mm the pride of the family and the envy of his fellow students. In course of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which followed -won an appoint ment as assistant sura-eon at one of the smaller Dublin hospitals. He filled this position with much success, his one tauit being- an insatiable thirst tor scien tific investigation, which led to a nroue ness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is. as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among- tbe doc- tors of a hospital staSf, and Tiernay exposed himself to no very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably -iid, tt«? maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : *? When hi doubt, always oDerate.' One evening-, some mouths after Tiernay had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends — his former fellow students at the university — were g-aihered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in dipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiemay to thoir heart's content. And what do you think was the subject of their chaft ? Just this : The death of a woman tinker the kniiie, with Tiemay as the surgical opjrutor ! Ah, my friends, hospital practice blunts the feelings and makes men pretty callous I The hospital surgeon comes to regard human fk-sh as simply so much ligament and fibre ; human bone is simply so much os-euu» tissue. The circumstances in the case referred toby Tiernay's friends were about as follow : — A woman in an advanced state of illness had been admitted to the hospital. Tiiere wore certain complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that she could nor survive, and, well — to put it bluntly — it v.-as charged that, in tLe interest of certain specific data. Tiemay h^d performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still aiive. The assem 'tiled company listened with great interest to the medical points gleaned from thL-- investigation,, and then, thoir thirst for scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient was alternate!;? referred to in the most jo- rose vein as *' the victim ' and ' the martyr.' Tiomav, 01 course, denied the im putation cast out, but nobody ^eemel to care much about tliese denials one way or the other. Tired at last of chaffing Tiernay, the guests turned their conversation to the subject of nerve power. Out of thi^ conversation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wagc-r Tiernay a supper at the Garter that he would not dare ^-o into the monrue in the bu.-?ement in the Lo^pital, where the body of t'ae pool- *? vi.-tini' lay, and ⁢ for one hour j beside the corpse. Just as the clock struck 12 ; he was to ris-;, stand ov^r ihe corpse, and ' repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, 'I commard yon to arise !' Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challenger persisting, he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the- sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the mid night hour. Tiernay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. ' I command you to arise ! ' What was that? JJeally he could have sworn that the body had moved. Konsense ! Was he a man of science, or an old -woman with wea k nerves ? Once more his voice rang out, louder than before : *' I command you to arise ! ' Horror upon horror! There could be no doubt of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. 'With blanched face he tore back the sheet. No, no — it could not have been ! ' Icommand you to arise !' As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned ' the victim' back to life. Two minutes later, when Tiernay's friends burst in tbe room, they found him babbling and chuckling at the feet of the corpse. His reason was gone ; he was an idiot. Had the poor 'victim' claimed her re venge ? Had she been momentarily gifted with the poR'er to confront her scientific murderer^ No; there was no such sensational re tribution as this ! After all, I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victim of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at a critical moment galvanised it into life. O wing to severe study, Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results de scribed followed. 