TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you news, joaifierest good to either. One cannot help being struck with the justice of the remarks passed by Bishop Hi^gins at the opening of the R. C. Bazaar at Richmond last week. Amongst other things, his Lordship said " he had been requested to particularly refer to the kindness shown to the Sisters by the members of other denominations or churches,-not only on that but on all other occasions- and he was glad to see that that prejudice which had so long en slaved people and created class distinctions was not thought of in Richmond. Above all, he hoped that the members of the Church to which he was attached would return the compliment paid them by their Protestant brethren whenever an occa sion to do so occurred, and that they would assist any and eviry good movement, no matter who the prime movers might be." This was the sub stance of his remarks, even if the words are not exactly accurate, and they should be read and be conned over by every man and woman in the land. Like myself, there are many who would not have thought much of the remarks made had they been restricted to thanking the Protestant bodies for past assistance; but it is the advice to his flock (that they should assist every good movement, no matter who the originator might be) that most concerns us all. Too long by far j bave all religious bodies been separated by an imaginary line; too long have they fpught and | bickered, without stopping for a moment (as j reasonable beings would have done) to consider whether they were justified in showing an an tagonistic spirit to a class or creed which differed with theirs only in degree,-only in the means to be adopted towards securing the self-same end desired by all. It is really gratifying in the extreme to find that the churchmen of the present day are taking such a broad view of Christianity -that they are really inclined to follow directly in the footsteps of the Great Teacher-the wisest' and noblest of men-who counselled humanity to love one another, and to do unto others that they would wish to be done by. In Richmond, in particular, the fact that there are none-or, if any, they are not at all percep tible-of those barriers, raised by creed against creed and church against church, which are to be found in many other towns in the colony, is par ticularly gratifying. The days when this sort of thing flourished are happily passing quickly away, and a better s.nd a brighter and a more en lightened era appears to have already set in. Education is everywhere accomplishing the libera tion from mental and even physical slavery of millions of the human beings who in the dark and dreadful past were refused the advantages and opportunities which the average man at present enjoys-in these colonies as well as in the United Kingdom and in America. " Desire grows by what it feeds on." Man is not like an ox ; he has no fixed standard of satisfaction. Therefore, to arouse his ambition, to educate him to new wants, is as certain to make him discontented with his lot as to make that lot harder. As George says, " The slave codes were wise that prescribed pains and penalties for teaching bondsmen to read, and they reasoned well who opposed popular educa tion, on the ground that it would bring revo lution." The free and compulsory imparting of education, the facilities offered for travelling, and thus enlarging one's knowledge of the world and the habits of its millions, the steady but certain growth of liberal tendencies everywhere-all these circumstances will have their effect upon the rising generation, and the result must be that as the world grows older the miserable and detest able class prejudices which were fanned into flame and kept burning in the past will be completely stamped out, and a better, brighter, and happjer world this will be for it all. Meanwhile, let every township endeavour to follow in the footsteps of our Richmond friends, who combine, whenever a movement for the general good of the community is mooted, and arsist each other in a manner worthy of emulation. A man in these days has not the time or inclination to stop and ask to be favoured with the religious belief of his neighbour j before he enters into a business transaction with him; all be requires to know is that the individual in question is a MAN -and it should not then matter a red cent to him in what style or in what j church he worships. i Some of the inhabitants oi Richmond have in the past gained great notoriety by their mis chievous_ propensities,-and (they appear to be desiroosof inaintaxiing their reputations as prac tical jokers At least, so it would seem it the following; sent along by a local resident, be true. Onedaysotne Kttletime a&o;, an old inhabitant of the townshipdeparted this"tife, And, before the burial took iplacersome of theneighbours assem bled toholda "wake." The manufacture,of a coffin Avas entrusted -to the hands' of' a carpenter, but when, finished it was not thought tq.be of a very elegant character by those in authority, and was condemned, the carpenter receiving instruc tions to eurcise iris ingenuity in the making of a second boi. " This one suited better, and the corpse was laid out according to time-honoured fashion/and left in a private room to await the interesting ceremony. In the meantime an iqdir vidufcr possessed With an ardent love Tor Walker's Whiskey fell into the-baads-of a few " lads," and wa? made so helplessly tight that his troubles were a pleasure to him. He was laid in the condemned coffin, covered over with the lid, and quietly placed in the room where the wake was to be held, the dead man's remains (in the second coffin) being as quietly removed. Shortly after wards, and as evening advanced, the friends'of the deceased began to arrive, and the ceremonies usually indulged in on such occasions commenced. Things went on gaiely, whilst the individual in the coffin was sleeping the sleep of the dead (drunk) ; but presently the effects of the whiskey began to wear off-and the supposed corpse gave a deep groan and a kick. The room was cleared in the twinkling of an eye, and in the scramble for exit from the Land of Ghosts, the " Wakers " (and " quak?rs " to) forgot to take with them their hats and umbrellas. One young man is supposed to be travelling across the Kurrajong Hills at rail way rate yet, and two other's have been anxiously searched after by their lady loves, but without avail. It must be very gratifying to Mr. James Ander son to know that he possesses the good opinion of the great bulk of the residents of this town ; but at the same time it is rather unfortunate that the necessity arose for holding such a meeting as that which took place last Thursday. Much was said at that meeting that had much better remain un said- though credit is certainly due to those who did speak against Mr. Anderson for the praise they gave him, and the desire they evinced to see him attain promotion. It was said at that meet ing that Mr. Anderson had held the highest quali fication under the Department of Education, and that he was, consequently, quite competent to occupy the position of head teacher of a Superior Public School. It appears, however, on eaquiry7 that when a teacher attains the rank of Class I. he has not exactly secured all that is needed. For Eassing, he is entitled to 10,000 marks, but before e can be said to have reached the tpp of the tree, and have rendered himself eligible For sach a position as that alluded to, he must be awarded' another 10,000 marks for efficiency as a teacher efficiency in the art of imparting to others the knowledge which he possesses. Whilst I have no one word to say against Mr. Anderson or his qualifications,-it must be admitted that the argument of a speaker at the public meeting in question,-that because a man attains a certain class by examination he must necessarily be a superior teacher-is rather far-drawn. It is well known that many of our college men and many of our barristers who passed flying are the greatest noodles to be found in the universe. But, apart from this, Mr. Anderson has done good work in his time, and by reason ot his Iqng and faithful services deserves some consideration, which it is to be hoped will be generously extended towards him by his department. In a Sydney paper recently I came across the following rather strange announcement:-" Billy goat wanted; state price. X.Y.Z., Post Office, Windsor." Now who is the advertiser, and what on earth can such an unclean animal as the William-goat be required for in a district like this, which has about it as many unsavoury aromas as an ordinary mortal requires in an average life time. Years ago, Windsor revelled in the possession of as numerous a band of predatory billy-goats as the ordinary amateur gardener desired to see loitering about his cabbage-patch. Some of these members of the he-male species bore beards quite as long as that of the Patriarch of old, or the average Druid when walking in pro cession, and the whole mob continually browsed upon the glass bottles, kerosene tins, and such like delicacies with which the Brick-fields in those good old day were literally littered. But civili zation advanced, and with it came the Inspector of Nuisances and a club,-and I suppose that such of those docile beasts as escaped being put in the pot by the inmates of the now demolished castle on the Brickfields Hill, fell a victim to the Civic functionary in question. And now, when the race has practically died out, and billy-goats are well nigh things of the past, some fiend,-perhaps bent upon executing dire vengeance on his next-door neighbour for daring to cultivate a vegetable garden-advertises for a fresh supply of the nui sance. The whole population will do well to turn out en ipasse when Mr., William Goat appears on the scene, and at once poison him with an axe, in order to save further bother. It is refreshing, even invigorating, to encounter a labour champion who knows the wants of the workers and propounds for redress remedies which will bear examination. Such is Mr. Spence, the president of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union of Australasia^ who has evidently studied deeply tl|e problem before which all others sink into com parative insignificance-how shall we attain to a more eqtitable distribution of wealth, how shall we secure to the worker a just share of that which he produces. He showed the difficulties attending the solution of that problem, and did not, because of the oopiplex nature of the difficulties, shirk all reference to them. In his recent addresses he covered almost the whple ground, and of course was compelled tQ. ^eal very briefly with matters on which volumes might be written. His eyes have1>eefl opened, and he is finding his way to the fuller light.,. When a man arrivea thus far on his road->"The question that lay nearest to thesolu tiorf/ahd" Was after'air at the fese of the whole labour problem was land and landownership"-he is rapidly nearing the whole truth. Mr. Spence is a representative of whom any body of man might be proud. He does not serve out mincemeat to his audience, ekpose festering sores and gently regret that such things should be, and wind up with a declaration that what the working man re quires is a tax on soap and biscuits, but he shows where the root of the matter lies and that the question will have to be faced before labour will be able to claim its own. It would be well for the working men if there were more men like the pre sident of the Sherrers' Uuion and fewer of the class who trim their sails to the breeze of public opinion, who are not leaders but blindfolders. It will be a matter for sincere regret on the part of those who are acquainted with Mr. J. S. O'Hara, our local Inspector of Conditional Pur chases, when they learn that he is to be removed to another district. During the time he has been located here, he has proved himself to be not only an efficient officer, but a courteous and obliging man, and none will feel the loss by his entailed departure more than the selectors and those who were from time to time brought into contact with him on business matters. Mr. O'Hara not merely did his duty well, but he actually did more; he went out of his way to counsel and advise those who were undecided how to act when concerned in certain land transactions; he assisted those who required it, and no man, be he ever so poor or troublesome, ever went to John S. O'Hara and was refused advice or assistance. Whilst he did his duty, he never .exceeded it, and whenever occasion demanded-in the interests of the crown, -ibat Jie should oppose, or bring . before the authorities any breach of the Acts provisions on the part of a selector,-he invariably endeavoured to render the result as free from anything in the shape of hardship to the selector as possible. Un like Jr^tae men occupying a similar position, and across whom I have tumbled at various times, he was always civil and obliging, and if his successor is only half the man that O'Hara is, the district dabblers in land will have good reason to be thank ful. One cannot let a good man go without saying a few words, pf the many that might easily and truthfully be said, in his favour. Richmond vejoices at the present time in the possession of a good young man, who tells some of the tallest yarns heard this side of the Equator. The Post Office Hotel is not a bad place to go to when one wants to learn the latest news on sport ing subjects, and this is why so many persons visit it. But that is no reason why"George Cobcroft should keep on the premises a tale-teller so capable and so particularly desirous of imposing on the credulity of the unsophisticated as the person in question. His latest is that he was repeatedly travelling in the southern districts recently, to and from two particular town, and every day, as regu lar as clockwork, when the vehicle in which he sat was going through a particularly unfrequented part of the forest, a black dingo came out, ran alongside the trap, and licked at the grease on the wheel until its appetite was appeased, and then dashed away to its lair again. I did not say I dis believed his story-but remarked that if he would transpose two letters in the word " lair," he might apply the term to himself for me. He merely smiled sadly and left. There is a lot of meaning in that advice given by Dr. Roseby during the course of his sermon, entitled " Purple and Rags," at the Parramatta Congregational Church a week . or two since, and those who have not read the full text of the deliverance should do so at once. The learned gentleman said, " Young men, give yourself a little rest from cricket, rowing, and football, to read what slavery still crouches under the flag of England, what misery -still rots under the shadow of the palaces, what hopeless inherited pauperism still blots her splendour." The speaker evidently recognised the fact that it is the young men to whom we have to look for assistance in effecting a change ; the young men of the older countries where the pinch of poverty is being felt are up in arms against a system of spoilatioh which liter ally enslaves them, and practically tends to bring them down to the very level of the beasts of the field ; but out here the young men have reason, at present, to be quite satisfied with their lot, and so continue to follow their bent, and refrain from the study of those social conditions which most assuredly promise to come into existence here, as in the older' countries of the world, if some steps be not taken in time to. avert the catastrophe. Too much time is given by the rising generation to the study of the best way to kick a ball to get it over the goal, and too little to the consideration of general political and social questions, which affect their future welfare. Sport and outdoor exercise are all very well if rationally indulged in, but there is a medium in all things- and the man who thinks of nothing but cricket and horse racing all his life- time is no acquisition to the age in which he lives, and will really be no loss when he leaves it. Some men are dubbed " cranks," simply becau&fe; they are PULL of politics and talk of little else, in their endeavour to improve the state of society. Under such circumstances the term is honorable,-for it invariably happens that they are capable of discussing any general ques tion which may be introduced. But the man whose conversational ability is restricted to adis cussion on the merits of a particular oarsman or a " slogger," or the achievements of "ithers of that ilk," is nothing more than a dolt, whose room is much better than his company. It could not reasonably be expected that a com mittee, dealing with the applications for relief from a large number of persons resident in all parts of the district, would be able to perform their onerous -duties to the complete satisfaction of all concerned. It the first place, the great majority of the committeemen were necessarily unacquainted with the circumstances or the losses sustained by the applicants, and had to accept as true the assertions made in the body of the form filled in by each one. Then, again, those who knew nothing about the conditions of these appli cants had to trust in a great measure to the com mitteemen who represented that part of the district in which snch applicants were located, or failing this, to the honesty of the individuals -who signed the form and thus certified ,to the correct ness of what it contained. Thus, if money went to persons who were not justly entitled to it, or if assistance was withheld from applicants who were actually in need of it the whole of the members of the committee cannot be hlamfed,-but those only who were acquainted with the actual facts of each individual case, and who failed to utter a protest are responsible for a miscarriage of justice. It has transpired, since the distribution was made, that persons received grants who were .by no meansjea titled to such, and in one or two instances persons who received well-nigh the ipaximum amount set to growling becausb they did not get more. There was one instance, in particular, id which a success ful applicaht remarked, on being informed ag to the ampunt awarded him, " If I h^d thought it Was only that much I wouldn't have taken ithe tronble to come for it." On the other hanid there were cases in which the recipients of sMall amounts expressed the greatest gratitude, and th* thankfulness of these deserving persons quite compensated for and counterbalanced the boorish' conduct of thie discontented ones. Altogether the committee have done well, and deserve the thanks of all concerned. From Messrs. John Bridge and Co., a circular and review of trade done during the seasons 1889 90, has been received, and it cannot be looked upon aB being other than satisfactory. In connection* with the wool trade, it is shown that during the season 33,379 bales were disposed of, and in this department the business shows an increase on fhe' previous year's sales of 6,459 bales, an increase in two years of 17,379 bales. In t&Uow;, hides, andi marsupial skins a .corresponding increase is- shown. In the grain trade the firm has made rapid s&idea; and some idea of the extent of its operations may be gathered from the fact that at the present time there are in its Darling Harbour stores 40,000 bags of wheat, 700 tons of bran and. pollard, be sides immense quantities of oats, sugar, oatmeal,. &c.; At the present rate of progress the firm must' quickly become the most important in the colon ies. Our old friend Mr. F. J. Gow is one of the partners in this firm, and all will be glad to know that he is getting along so well. It speaks well! for the prosperity of the colony to see business institutions of this kind growing to such immerise proportions, and if any evidence were required *©? prove that we are not falling helplessly ia the rear of the other colonies, that evidence is untnistakatyy adduced by the position which the firm untfefc notice has attained. A proposal is afoot to establish a new hotel In' this district, and at no other place than the top.of Kurrajong Heights. It appears that there are au host of people in this world who, when travelling, look upon it as simply infra dig to put iip at any house other than an hotel. They imagine, perhaps (not without some show of reason), that they ore able to enjoy much more liberty at a house of public entertainment than would fall, to their lpt at any private establishment. Whethef it is so1! am not able to say, but that the impression is 'a prevalent one is certain. There are those in the community who would stay at home rather than go to a place which rejoiced not in the posses sion of an hotel,-and it is no doubt with a view to fill the requirements of travellers that1 the appli cant for an hotel license at Kurrajong has stepped into the breach. There are hotels AND hotels, of course, and whilst the establishment is a curse which is really a drinking den pure and simple, where all the energies of the landlord axe central upon the bar-trade, and where men are filled with fighting-rum, and made confirmed drunkards of-. a good well- kept hostelry, where the travelling public may have their requirements filled by a good landlord is just the opposite. Of course it behoves the Licensing Bench to examine any - ap plication of this kind carefully, and it lies with them almost wholly and solely whether, compet ent or incompetent men secure hotel licenses. As for-as this district is at present concerned; yrehavfe ^-almost without exception-well-kept houses, and it speaks well for . the care exercised heretofore by the Licensing Bench in the conduct of their offi cial business. 