A DEATII-ABHEII.—A statistician. Goon NAME rou MANY SIMKE L'oUNCiLS-Yermin Hoards. THERE'S » tine hatch of railways in the OITHS district. A DKi'AI'LTiNr, levantei is a true bush pioneer. He is always " making tracks." TilE poet is born, not made. Sir Henry I'arke6 is not a poet; he poses as self-made. WE have discovered that "the beautiful isle of the sea 1 referred to by the poet is cod-liver oil. OCR GOVERNOR'S " TEKSI "—"I hope that I may be instrumental in drawing closer those ties." THOMAS UAISLYLK was charged in Sydney rceeutly with having stolen lifteeu shilJiu^s from John Kuskin. A TSiil'EHSM'e paper in .Sydney rises to assert that " gro^ grows upon us.'' So it does, we've seea it in blossom. TUB Australian Natives' Association have not yet formally recognised the Republic of Brazil. Some serious omission here. A Nl'MBKR of young ladies of Brighton have forme I a card club. When they get married they'll want something heavier. THEUK is an iuspect.ir of liuisauces up north who is invariably elected ch-iirniau at all music,il entertainments in hisdistrict, A MOVEMENT is 011 foot to have the New .South Wales Parliament placed under the Disorderly IIoiiBes .Suppression Act. MKLBOrRNE is not tiie only place that has " DiOiculties in the milling trade," as witness the late Flavin-Smith .n'ttxro iu London. A liot'KKE, N.S. W., fanner, has made a fortune by striking a magnificent spring in an artesian well on his ground. This might well he called a hydraulic lift THEY are projecting an Kifi'el tower in .Sydney" and propose having a hotel on the top stage. Great Seott.' don't the (Sydney hotels come high enough o£> it is ? A B.ALI.AHAT man, who was arrested whilst raging round this city the other day, protested that he owned every brewery iu Melbourne. He was quite full of the idea. AT a lire competition in the Northern cipital not oue of the competitors could find the hydrant. 'J'he trophy was, therefore, given to the mail who made most noise. A NEW chamber has been discovered al the Whombeyan Caves. One group of stalactites constitute fairlv-deliued script letters, which read ' Good old Parkes." TUK Kuhvay Commissioners have dismissed, several porters for incivility to the travelling pub'ie. Quite right. Por'cr should not he too heady. All ale to the new policy. JOURNEYMEN bakers are talking of going oil strike iti Sydney. They cannot expect to win public sympathy iu this endeivour to take the breid out of other people's mouths. IT IB runioured fiat rabbi's have penetrated into Queensland. Pno ! Tint's stale news. Tin lop eared bunny originally ciniefrom the Hunya-ll inva ranges. The hunya is his " family tree." BY the new bye-laws for the New South Wnle.s railways cows, calves and pigs will lis ctrried at, about one- half of the old rates, No change has been made iu respect to members oi Parliament, A wr.iriiii iu one of the dailies siys "there has been great progress made in kissing during late years. It has grown more intense — more expressive.'' His wife ought to send that cook away. A GEELONF; editor says we do not take enough trouble io our homes to teach the children their mother tongue. No, we don't, and we don't intend to. One mother tongue is quite enough for a sin ill house like ours. A SOKRY HILLS younst man took poison to frighten a girl. When he saw that, instead of beiog scared, the dressed to go to the pantomime he hurried to the nearest doctor and begged to be stomach-pumped. " WHY' do women make such fools of themselves over puppies?" asks a fashion writer in an evening contemporary. We have often « ondered ourselves why the high-collared young men art- so popular with the softer tei. WILLIAM ASTLER, a volunteer iu uniform, look off his belt and proceeded to thrash a barmaid with it in Waverley last week. At every whack he yelled : "Gimme war: Koo.sia, or China, or anywhere ; gimme war,'' He is uow iu gaol. AN up-country poet who has published a great quantity of soft, under-done verse in various backblocks papers, pathetically u*ks some person with money to assist him in " binding his staves together." He'd better advertise for a cooper. A FORTUNE-TELLER in Sydney iuformed a police constable that he would full in love with a redheaded woman without money or victuals, and the prophecy made the trooper so mad that he pulled iier to court for practising an unlawful profession. A WELL-TO DO grocer jumped iuto the water at Balmain and saved a woman on the point of being drowned. She turned out to be a widow with eleven children, and so unsleepiug has been her sense of affection for the heroic reBcuer that he has had to sell out bis Witless and go to Adelaide, "MR. Dow's attention," says the Aye, " ba been drawn to the fact that a boring insect lias s made its appearance ill the colouy." Oh dear! whata liideMr. Uow must have ! Is tlierc another man iu Australia who had to have his attention drawn to tlic great boring insect -the mosquito I 1'HEY tell a story in Geelong about a haunted house, where a gibbering spectre with no bead wanders from room to room throughout the lifelong night. We have referred his account to a reputable actor recently from Geelong for verification, and ridicules the idea and iusists that the ghost never walks in Geelong. SIR HENRY PAHKES declares that the average Australian is the richest man on the face of this planet, and is individually worth £4S. Our longhaired poet declares that he is a very average Australian; nevertheless, he only asks to be furnished with A is ±'4S down iu hard cash, and lie 11 emigrate aton:e—to the nearest house of entertainment. AN Kiiglish visitor to Australia, whojeturned to the Old Country- recently, has been telling the papers that in Queensland the cows climb trees and asserts as proof that he saw skeletons of the animals iu high trees. That tender aud ingenuous stranger must have done the country after a big flood in company with an unusually veracious native. TUB Standard says a six-foot snake was caught at Nairne whilst admiring itself iu a mirror. If they had left it alone a while it would have put on a collar aud tic. it intended pulling its tail in papi-rs to have it curl well in the morning, perhaps. The all'air is a novelty, anyhow ; the glass tlmt rcllects snakes is not a mirror as a gcucral thing— it is usual[y a beer glass. AN inehrialtd g jntlcman broke into a ladies' school at Launceeton the other day, and was beginning to play up rough when the sweet youug tbiugs formed four deep aud charged the intruder, and rushed liiui rouud so that he broke np a lot of furniture with the back of his head. They then took him by his little, red ear, and yanked him olf to the watch-house. That unfortunate mail will not brtak into a young ladies' seminary again. He says the pupils are too fir advanced. Vou bet, they are —they have not watched how " Ma" docs it for nothing. " 1 STR'K up for myself," as the bushranger said when he cleared out with the valuables of the baikd-up travellers So wags the waggish world along, In spite of pessimistic cavil, That we can "do the Conliitmtg" Without the travail of a travel. No fable here the truth transgresses, No licensed lie engilds this pome ; We've hut to visit "The Princess'," And there put in "Two Nights in Home." MME. HEHMINE KIRCUOFEK, of the Carl Theatre in Vienna, stumbled as she was entering upon the stage, and almost bit her tongue iu two. The damaged portion of it had to be amputated. This item of information appeared in the Argm over a week ago. An Abbotsford man, residing near the writer of this paragraph, road it and remarked to the writer with a chuckle: " This is a fine idea. Vou look out for something in the papers one of these dayB. If my wife (she certainly was a a terrible termagant) doesn't have her tongue shortened by a foo* or two before she's much older yoq may call me what you please." PIERRE DOIMU says that lie escaped from Peutridge because ho Mas not allowed to receive visitors in his cell, like the Duke of Orleans bw distinguished compatriot, at present imprisoned in la bcW- Frame. Directly Pierre, in his retirement, read the cablegram chronicling the indulgences allowed to the Duke of Orleans, he determined to escape. However, he adds that he had too many risitors in his api>arlanint at the Gollee Palace. Pierre Douar, Pierre Douar, W hat n hard man to please you arc I Secluded quarters, healthy fare, You don't appreciate, Pierre. And soon we'll ship yon 'croFs the sea To La ilowdh Calidonir, Aud give you—honJ—a passage <r,c. All YET was up before the Brunswick court, charged with making use of bard, blank language, the other day. Ah, as his name seems to imply, is a small, passive, olive-cotiiplexioned pagan, with a face that looked as if it had been put on hot aud run in the cooling. He has not been in the colony many weeks, but with the usual precocity of the slit eyed and imitative inongol, lie managed iu fourteen days to gainer up a collection of all the strongest and most, popular swear words in business on this continent, and he hurled the whole boiling at a local shopman, with appropriate gesticulation and excellent inflection, and was duly tined sundry pounds, shillings and pence for his cleverness. Ah Vet is not a unique specimen of the new-chum celestial. Strangely enough, the chow, like the indigenous, domesticated magpie, always docs git hold of the bad end of our language iirst, and then gradually works up through the thick layer of profanity till he seizes on the legitimate dictionary words. Something in the pith and vigour of our curse parts of speech seems to appeal to his impulsive, heathen temperament, and each swear he bears comes home to stay, so to speak. Perhaps, alter all, it is not wonderful that the Chines should learn to swear iirst, after planting himself down out here—the playful larrikin takes care it is the language lie will be most in need of to express his feelings and give mouth to his bubbling passions. A GOOD story comes from one of our principal metropolitan hotels, at which place a squatter has recently arrived and started to scatter his gold. A police constable having to enter the establishment —only on duty, mind you, only on duty—tbe wealthwrecker immediately took a lancy to the man of metallic figures. He buttonholed him, evidently dazed by the man's brilliancy (of his uniform). " Oh, but you must drink with inc," lie gurgled, as the oflicer begged to he cxcused, and quietly, though respectfully, with an angel's touch, thrust the other from hiin. Sliding the tips of the fingers of the left hand into the breast of hie tunic, the policeman drew himself up to his full height (BI'X feet in his stockings, though we wouldn't like to enter tbe witne66-box and swear to the existence at that particular moment of the latter) and cxclaimed calmly, cooly, though firmly, "Pardon me, but I never drink on duty," and the foorce, wc believe, never do, though we'd not care about witness-boxing this statement either. A couple of nights afterwards a nice quiet-looking man entered the hotel. The squatter pailed in with him, and the latter miking some jnculir remark that the other did not like, he immediate'}' started out to hunt the streets for " his policeman," to give the civilian iu charge. The civilian was hi* policeman, and when the >q latter was told so he'd scai'ely ' elicve, for, as he explained, "Y >i look respectable." However, the upshot was " Drinks all round again, and I pay for the blooming crowd." SOME specialist of an inquiring turn, after experimenting for many years, and observing narrowly, and taking miles of statistics, lias proved that redheaded men are more prone to thirst than gentlemen whoEe lockB are of a lesi arid temperature. This German giant of intellect only gives us bare, bald statements, and ventures no reason for the phenomenon, but we have no doubt the temperature of a pile of fiery hair tends to dry up the moisture of the body, and make a fellow want to tint til 3 town scarlet. Let us sing— We take a drop of liquor when Our lower level's dry, And galie upon the red, red wine, Quite plain's the reason why— Our thirst is strong, it must be fed, For sad to say our hair is red. And when we wander home of nights— Oft minus coat aud hat— The wife starts out to kick and jaw As wc droop on the mat; We take no heed of what is said, But tell her that our hair is red. If after dealing long in beer We rave about the street, And fall within the maulers of Tbe bobby on the beat, Wc show the magistrates our head, Aud get discharged because it's red. It is an awful incubus, This russet hair we wear, And someday when we're tired of going out upon a tear We'll buy a quart of stulf in town, Aud dye our roau-hued locklets brown. ANOTHER competitor for the position of meanest man has made his appearance in this city, and he is a pale, subdued gentkniiu, whose external expression of mild benevolence aud covert generosity serves to disguise a temperament capable of any extreme in the way of viciousnees and low aud degrad lig acts caculated to reed the confiding heart of a friend, or drive tbe philanthropist howling mad. The other day this outrage on the human aniinal perpetrated a vile trick on an ingenuous and lowly-minded gentleman, a trick designed to crush all the higher flights in the boBom of man, and make him a raging swearer and a belter of liis fellows, flic mean man, whose name for convenience aud economy of pronouns will be .Smith, met the open and ingenuous gentleman ('roni whom he had previously borrowed money beyond all reason and all proper relUious feeiiug) ou the street the other day, and he bucked him up against a public-house, and strung himself in his buttonhole, and, with a harrow ug expression of face and diverse, great, green tears, began to float auother loan on that market. He represented himself BS blighted wretch with a small, hungry wife and a large, sick family, an t he Baid hat misery was hanging over his head aud ruin and calamity pending, and lie would be crushed up and wiped out before the evening following, aud left a squashed and hopeless wreck on the si.oa's of time, if lie could not tecure thirty pounds. Thirty pounds was all he wanted. Thirty puunds would set him up stiff on a down giade to prospeiity and oa-ly aflluene". He said he had not forgotten the large, unwieldy debts be already owed his good, kind friend who had assisted him so nobly in the past, but he w.'uld pay all them oH' when he returned this last thirty pounds. Smith got the thirty pound?, and departed shedding tears of gratitude ulong the track, and his generous friend congratulated himself on the prospect of soon getting back the large sums he had advanced to Smith; guess bis righteous fury and tempestuous indignation on disco%'cring the name of bniith uudcrthe heading of "New Insolvents" in the next morning's paper. 'Jliat deprau-d and hateful S i ilh had borrowed the last tnirty pouuds to go insolvent wit < — to pay the necessary fees consequent mi tiling the schedule of the debts he owed to his benefactor. Competitors arc now requested to trot out their mean men. VERY MUCH KORKU. Now, by thy rubicundine conk, We never can again be floored ; Whenever atlythiug nots cronk We have a cure—Appoint a BuarJ ! Whatever wrong the wrong may bo, A patent panacea's assured ; The univeisal remedy For everything's—Appoint a Board! If patriots turn their piiot coats To suit a sentimental chord, And finger cute prospecting vo es, Why, dash it all !—Appoint a Hoard ! If railway trains do telescope, And victims, " shocked," demand award, And in confusion lost is hope, Why, bust it, man !—Appoint a Board ! If Civil Services are full Of family pets, all madrepored. Departmental', things seem dull. Give grieving best—Appoint is Board ! If Speight should want another " Miou.," As salve for geuius ignored, There is no other way, I vow. To do it than—Appoint a Hoard I If tower clocks should " strike," and thus, By " striking " cease to strike according to the hour as known to us, Seven bellB, man ! Look !—Appoint a Hoard! 'lliis panacea's our constant bid ; It rules our roost, it spends our hoard ; Before a tuppenny postman's made He has to go before & Board. The Civil Service Board, it delves In ignorance, with blunted sword ; Aud should the three go cronk themselves — Appoint a Board to try the Board ! The Coalition's fixed idea. At every daily turn encored ; The univeisal panacea— Appoint a Board ! Appoint a Board ! P.S.—If this poetic view 