I LEONARD LINDSAY, OB THE STORY OP A BUCCANEER. by AX GITS B. REACH. CHAPTER VHL— (Continued.') "With, this, mates, 'Ned Purvis walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply. The rest of the crew were whisper ing in groups upon the forecastle, and the poor old captain was standing wringing his bands beside the magic boat. So, presently, Xed spoke to two or three of the men, and they shook hands with him and promised to stand by liim. Then he went down to his berth and took out a great pistol, and care fully examined the lock and cleaned it ; after wards he opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hammered into a round ball, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the pistol. So presently, armed in this fashion, lie came on deck, the men following him by ones and twos, and marched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at the door. "What do you want here ?" quoth the old man; "take my advice, and let him alone." " Ho," says Xed, "I brought him here, and I'll make you rid of him;" and so say ing, ho put the old man aside, and entered the cabin: It was almost dark, but the light from the binnacle came down through the skylight, and showed the strange passenger sitting there, as the captain had described, with his back to the rudder-case. " Hod Purvis marched heavily in, and the phantom, or whatever it was, looked up at him, and so they remained for more than a minute staring into each other's eyes. The men were watching them over each other's shoulders at the door. " ' Foul weather Don,' says Xed at last, as bold as steel, ' you're more free than wel come.' The spectre took no notice. "'I hove the rope to you,' says Xed; ' and I thought I was doing au act of duty uy iiiy iciiun biuiiurCt jjuii nuw x uuir tiuih there's 110 living blood in your veins, and that you roam the ocean, bringing bad weather on the mariners you fall in with. That may be true, or it may not. If not, say so, and say who you are. If you be a shipwrecked man you are welcome here ; but if not, men have told me that a silver bullet can woimd even a ghost, and if voa do not speak in time, by God, there is a rare chance now of testing the truth of the saying. Answer !' ' And Xed cocked the great pistol and levelled at the strange passenger. The figure never moved a muscle of its wan stem face. ' Taiie the dollar and my blessing with it, then,' shouted Xed, and he drew the trigger. " The pistol exploded, and for a moment the cabin was so full of smoke that they could not see what execution had been done. \Vhen the vapour cleared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing up, his stony eyes giving out their cold sparkle, more horribly than ever. ' " « Yougave me your benison,' he screeched out, ' I give yon my malison ; and the exe cutors and the tokens of it will follow you night and day. until either my fate or yours be accomplished. If you do not believe me, go on deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' " These, mates, were the very words of Foul-Weather Don ; for I have got all the conversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Xed and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled up on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry ; and the fast thing they did was to stare into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sure enough they saw the fins of two great blue sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping way steadily with the ship ; and just as Xed came on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in the water, as much as to say, ' there you are — very good ; and here ire are.' " To make a long story snort, mates, before midnight such a gale was blowing from the eastward that there was nothing for it hut to put the ship before the wind ; and not only that day, but that week, and for three weeks after that, did the hurricane, for it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of her course, until at length thecaptain and crew knew that they had sailed from near the coast of Africa to the coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon take off, they would be run plump ashore, either on the continent or one of the islands. Meanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as beiore, never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread; nor spoko word. Indeed, if he were talka tive, he had no one but himself to hold con verse with ; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul-Weatlier Don was not the only thing which stuck to the ship. The sharks kept way with her as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could see them occasionally, ploughing along in the troughs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, all hands .got low and mopish. The old captain was fairly unmanned; and even Xed Purvis, dare devil as he was, began to quail. At last., they knew by their reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundown, that they were approaching the land, and that one way or the other their fate would soon be settled. So one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, and pointing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured clouds which sailors know hang over the land. The weather looked as wild as ever ; the scud above flew even faster than the waves below ; and you should have seen the battered look of the craft as she went staggering along, under a rag of canvas, which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed away long ago, the hatchways were all battened down. Out of three boats she had carried only one was left, being strongly lashed to the deck, wlrle the sea-battered sxitt of I oul- Weather Don, althougn there was not so much as a rope yarn to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and over the decks, so that the men were obliged to lash themselves to ringbolts, and to the masts, and never could light a fire or wear a stitch of dry clothing. " Well, jia I was saying, the poor fellows were holding on as well as they eould, and wondering where the ship and they themselves would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking their turn at the helm ropes, gave a loud shout, and the rest turning about, saw Foul- Weather Don standing upon the deck. "He's going — he's going," whispered old Captain Purvis. ' ' The Lord hath preserved us in His great goodness." "Well, Foul- Weather Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his- treasure island, and then he mounted the rigging; — all the crew holding their breath and watch ing him — and gazed from the maintop long an(l_ sadly. At length, he made a sort of motion of despair, and came down to the deck, where he stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, and motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the ojj. u, iiuTiiir.Rj muLua, tiie uvjikius weic manned, and they let the skiff go smash into the water, with a surge that would have burst another boat into staves. But only the devil, mates, eould swamp a craft like that; she floated alongside as light as a well-corked bottle. "'Haul your wind, when the elements will allow you,' says the Don, quite solemnly. " 'Thank you for nothing,' quoth Ned Purvis. ' I should think we would, when ;you. have brought us across tho ocean against our will. ' But the spectre replied not a word, and seemed to glide rather than to clamber over , the ship's side into the boat. When he was fairly aboard, Ned Purvis' bellowed out, Take your sharks with you, Foul- Weather Don ; they are fitter companions for you than for Christians.' " But there was no reply, and in a minute "the phantom and his boat glanced away from the ship's side, and the 1-st the crew saw of her was a black speck with a figure in it, in the very crest of a breakiig wave. J ust as this happened, and they vere beginning to breathe freely, one of ho men shouted ' Land !' and sure eiough the next time they rose upon i sea they saw right in the glare of- tho setting sun the dusky coast-line of in island. In an hour after, the gale broke lulling fast, so that before midnight they bad courses and stay-sails on the ship, shelying-to with her head to the eastward. You know, mates, that in hot countries it is ip wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so tlat by sunrise the next da 3- there was notiing but a great smooth swell to show that a gale had just swept across the wide Atlantic. The first thing Xed Purvis did when ae came on deck to take tlic morning watch, iras to look over the quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick wlen he saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. The other seaman saw the creatures itoo, and they looked at Xed, and whispered among themselves. " "Well, you may be sure that, after such a run as the ship had had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crow wanted vegetable food and rest ; so that when the usual trade wind came to blow, and they found from one or two fishing canoes that they were amongst the most northern of the W iadward Islands, they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, tho sharks kept their places as steadily as the vc-ry masts. Xed fished for them in vain. He even baited the hook with the choicest pieces of pork and beef aboard, but they would not as much as push the morsel with their snouts. ' Xo, no,' said the men, when they saw this ; ' the creatures have their orders, and they obey tbem.' Then Xed tried the harpoon, hut though he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he could not make a hit at the sharks ; either tho ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or the water made the spear glance ; but, however it was, Xed confessed that he coidd not even scratch their dingy backs. " Upon this, there was little but black iooks anil murmuring words m the ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, and the crew, although they used to love poor Xed, now began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Xed knew it. '"The curse,' said the men, , 'isfollowingus in a visible shape. There can he no good luck for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swimming astern.' " "Weli, Xed tried hard to laugh it off, but be could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. ' Why,' he would say, ' they can't jump aboard, messmates; the ocean is '"heirs as well as ours, and if a eat may look ar a king, I don't sec WI13- a shark mar nor. look at a ship.' "But though he spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Xed was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted three days, and all that time tbey were cruising about among the islands, looking for a place which would be snug to anchor in, and out of tlie way of Spanish ships. On the third day, when the ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they were getting more and more watchful of their pre-. This made the pot boil ovor, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the crew went to the captain in a body, and said that Xed must leave the ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of water and provisions, and he might soon get his passage off in another ship, but .whether he did or not he must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, but the men would not hear his words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Xed comes forward frankly and says — " ' Messmates, I have brought misfortune on the ship, and spoiled the yoyage ; I am willing to land.' " On hearing this, Captain Pnrvis wished to follow his nephew, but they would not let him because lie was the only good navigator they would have, after Xed. went away, in the ship. So, "presontly, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, and water, sufficient for two months at least, were put in her, with a musket aud! ammunition, and a shovel, that Xed might have the means of dig ging for water. "VYheu the boat shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Xed. pointing to them, shouted to his undo to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat lauded in a little cove, and Xed stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. Tlie men placed his provisions and tho shovel upon the beacn. ana snooK lianas witn mm; ana as they rowed back to the ship, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. "Well, when they were gone, Xed began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. Most of tho island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old tree at the top. What rejoiced Ned, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. Well, he lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out in vain for a ship. At this time tlie sharks kept cruising along the shore, and Xed used to amuse himself by flinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, however, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the tree, he observed a curious thing. The tree, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood had been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after noon every day, these branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned observed this that ho climbed the tree, and found that the crosses were artificial. Then all at once it struck him that they were meant for marks, and then he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, off lie goes for his shovel, and sets to work at once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but he very soon scraped the lid of a great chest made of ironwood, and bound with hasps and clasps of metal. " ' By all the stars,' quoth Xod, ' who knows but this is Foul-Weather Don's trea sure chest.' "Mates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched the lid off, and there he saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones; just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba and Hispaniola by the Indians for the Spaniards. There they had lain for a hundred years, and no man tho wiser or the better. " ' Aba,' says Xed, ' I would fain have you in England, but what am I to do with you here ?' "However, he made shift to carry the wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea : then he brought the box, and stowed the gold as before, covering all over with loose sand. The very next morning, mates, Xed, on awaking, saw a small bark — he did not know what she was — becalmed, not a mile from the shore, waiting for the sea- breeze. 00 he mountea a rock, fired. his gun, waved a handkerchief, and shouted. Pre sently. a boat pulled off from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of the large windward islands — Martinico, I believe. So Ned told them that he had been marooned for striking the quartermaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port whore he could ship for England. So the turtles consulted together, and asked him if he had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at . all for money, took, them into his cave, and "showed them the treasure-chest. At the sight of it the turtlers stared, as well they might, arid most readily agreed to take off Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, and presently the boat was loaded almost to the water's edge with riches. The turtlers went about like men in a dream, and they were only roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment when they rowed the boat out of the cove and found her so heavy that they feared she should be swamped by the heave of the sea. y ' Lord ! ' says one of them. ' See there ; if the boat were to fill and go down. Did you ever see more fearful monsters ? ' "And sure enough there were Ned's old friends swimming on each side of the boat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the treasure. However, no accident hap pened, and as they neared the tnrtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. " You may think for yourselves, mates, how the entire crew of the bark, which carried about lialf-a- dozen men, received their freight. Ned told tlie simple truth as to how he had got it, aud the turtler, imme diately that the sea-breeze came, stood away for Martinico, tlie two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons; out of men. The big , chest stood upon the deck, and the crew hung round it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they hegan to handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as mueli entitled to the gold as lie, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of taring it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, and swore that Xed was an honest man and a good comrade, and that as he said, so it would be done. But it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice he obsorved a man conceal ing a kni fo in his garment, so that the haft came liandy to his grasp. All this time the sharks were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and sourer at each other, and. gradually drawing off into two parties, one on each side ot the chest, tne twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that the- ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken liim on board to be captain over them. So Xed sat on the weather bulwark, looking vory un easily to windward. Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the inen forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as tbey did so, they drew knives and stiiekcr-snees, and cut aud chopped at each other, strug gling and cursing over the chest. Xed saw the blood splash down on the gold, and he rushed forward to separate them, crying out, ' Madmen that you arc — look out for the squall first and fight afterwards.' " But it was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing up the sea before it, and in tlie very ceutre of the flying foam Xed swore he sa w Foul-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of irold fetched awav with a mighty surge, aud went crashing through and through the frail bulwark, and then with a great plunge down to the bottom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give up its dead ! All this passed in a moment, and tho next instant the ship, as though relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gasbes in their faces and limbs. The squall was over, and the sun burst out ; Xed rushed to the lee-beam, and saw, just 'where the gold had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he knew well. She seemed now saturatedandrotten with water, for the charm was off her, mates ; and while Xed gazed at her, she went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, and the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Xed felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standing looking very like fooLs, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing tbey did was to try for soundings,- bat the line ran out e very fathom, and the lead touched np. bottoni.-; So. thoy lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rnnn tLin aLiii hnf f.Tift n.nr»>nrp<1 n«- fathomable. The gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of man could raise it ; aud so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship rouad and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul-Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to Eugland, and, its I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself." CHAPTER IX. tiie author, with suxdry of his cohrades, set out foe tiie creek where he reft his barque, AND there bravely capture A spanish schooner. Nearly a month passed away since the evening on which I listened to the story of Foul- Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the coast, where we might have better luck. It was then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we eould divide our party between it and the canoe, leaving ample room for the stowage of provisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. We were nine in number, well armed, and therefore of quite sufficient force to capture any Spaniard, not a man-of-war, which we were likely to fall in with. It was therefore resolved that Ls Picard, one of our Frenchmen, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should 3tart, under my guidance, for the cove to the westward, and if wc found the boat, should navigate her round the coast to the bay, where the rest of the party would be prepared with provisions and water, ready to stow on board, so that, in company with the canoe, wo could put to sea at once. Xo time was lost in putting the scheme into execution. Meinheer, who knew something of sail-making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which we were to carry with us, and which would suit the boat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we had found her. "VVe also carried a good-sized keg for water, and a small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting chiefly to ou.- guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleep during the heat of the day ; and after an lioui" B unugc iuluuu uie »eb gras aiiu. bushes, which were quite drenched with the copious dews, passed the spot where lay the buccaneers who had been hanged by the Spaniards. Truly our poor comrades slept in a tranquil resting - place — a spot of greenest grass, with feathery palms over head, bending and rustling in the night wind. We stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, whence we could look down upon the blue sea beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, during which the sun shone with blistering power. Then, far off, on the glassy surface of the' sea, came the dark belt of roughened water; streaked with white, which "proclaims the daily return of the brisk north -westerly trade, and in half an hour more it was whistling through the bushes in half a gale of wind. We dined this day by the little runnel where I had killed the duck, and then travelled until sunset, when we encamped in our blankets, well worn out by our long day's march. The journey to the cove was fatiguing, but performed without any parti cular adventure. We sometimes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into the sea after the fish, which they mark from a great height. In the afternoon of the second day I reckoned that we could not ho far from the cove, but tlie exact spot was difficult to bit, as the general appearance of tlie coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, ' keeping a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives through the creepers and brushwood, so as to he able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and pin nacle of stone ; when, having stopped to hold a consultation — for I was now becoming very fearful that wo had overshot our mark — we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. This terribly disconcerted us, for we knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that the secret of its existence was not known to mo alone. How ever, we withdrew into the thicket, where we could not well be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around us, and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in the neighbourhood. At all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landed in my cove, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. "While we were talking lowly among ourselves, Blue Peter, the Mosquito-man, suddenly started up on his knees, and told us to listen. We did so very intently, auci presently neara a rustling ana a snapping of dry twigs in the wood, hut although we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. "Tush:" says Nicky; "you are a fool, Peter, and take a wild pig for a Spaniard." But the Indian seized liis piece, cocked.it, and suddenly levelling it, fired, before we could prevent him. " Hush ! " quoth lie, very earnestly, "hush! and wo will ho safe." " Safe !" said Nicky. " Why, if they are Spaniards, they will be down upon us in a twinkling." "No," replied tlie Mosquito-man, "no, no ! They shooting all round : think my gun one of their eamarados — eli'r" "Tlie man is right.," said Le Picard. " But what, in the name of the diablc, have yon fired at ?" " Meshow you !" said Blue Peter ; and he crawled into the underwood so circumspectly that one scarcely heard a rustle, aud pre sently, returning, flung the body of a huge dog among us. "A Spanish blood-liound!" exclaimed Nicky; and we all recognised the fawn colour, with grim, black muzzle, andthegreat muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question aside, the creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed the name, " Manuel G. Alcansas," so it was quite clear that we were sur rounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eyo of the Indian, who observed the bio id-bound, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lie close where we were as attempt to shifr to less dangerous quarters, as by moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of death. A.t last we decided to climb up certain trees, the branches whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first cut the throat of the dog, and scattered the blood copiously around, so that it would em barrass and destroy the scent of auy other hound . which ' might pass that way. . He then flung the body up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as we supposed for the slain dog, and some other shots were fired at a distance. However, tho sun sank and the stars shone down "through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. Making ourselves as comfortable as oiir position would permit, we munched our supper, of which, however, we. could eati but -little; -for<we' s'ufiercd "much'lr'om' "tnirScT" Fortunately, there was water enough in the frt oflPnvii nc A . $ATfT mrm fr.hf nl a fi nirmp. hnfc we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. "With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden burst of ex clamation when I recognised the little liill, to the top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up the precipitous banks of the cove. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taking great lieed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine up which I had crept from the water. It was not easy, how ever, to make out whether tho cove was empty, for the morning was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. We proceeded, however, moving in siugle file along the edge of the rock, which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bushes and parasitical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered on by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenly struck my ear with which I was too well acquainted to beeasily deceived — it was the flap ofeanvas. Nicky heard it as well as myself, and we all paused. Theland wind was just begintiing to die out, and only came in heavy dank puffs down from the hills. We waited for the next gust; it shook the dew ' from the branches in' a 'great sparkling shower, and gave ;a: great rustle, as it were, down tne ravine, 111 me mnuiie ,01 which we again heard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a sail. Being guide i by the souud, we'procccded a few paces onwards, and then coming to a comparatively clear bit of ground, we crawled upon our bellies to the edge of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two masts, of tlie class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in the very centre of the cove, very snugly, being made fast by four liawsers, two a-head and two astern, to the trunks of trees growing near the water on either bank. She had two boats in the water, floating by her main chains, and one of them I immediately recognised to be the object of our journey. Here, then, was the vessel to whom the hunters, whose guns we had heard, evidently belonged; aud, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Le Picard knew,, enough about the fashion of those seas to be sure that the schooner was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did ou the coast here we could not well imagine. The question now, however, was how wo were to act? Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a single man awake unon deck: but several stout fellows wore lying asleep on under canvas and tarpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill upon the schooner, Nicky asked our opinion as to whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edge, and make off with both boats before the crew awoke. But Le Picard thought the risk too great. Besides, he argued, when they miss the boats, tliey can chase us out to sea in the schooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking, I was turning over another plan in r.y own mind. " Instead of taking the boats,'? quoth I, ' why should we not take the ship ?" At this they all started, and reminded me that, we were bat four men, . whereas the Spaniards miglit well be a dozen ; and they had dogs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Le Picard, in particular, professed a great horror. " Look you," quoth I, " this is my plan. Yesterday the Spaniards were hunting ashore, and to-day it is very like that they will renew their pastime, leaving, perhaps, only one mm, or perhaps not even that, to take charge of tlie schooner, for yoi see that she is moored very safely, am with her hows pointing down the creekso as to he ready for a start. Now, loot at her rigging"; see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsails j:an he set merely by letting go the brails and running aft the sheets : for you observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefire the schooner is ready for sea. Now I lnow, in a general manner, the direction of the cove below. It runs for a little way paralel to the coast and then turns to the right, aid so opens up into the sea. What is there to jrevent tis boarding the schooner when she i) left almost, if not quite, undefended, and! so carrying her away ?" . J They a,ll applauded tHs design, and the more we talked of it the better it seemed to he. The schooner was a rim-looking vessel, such as the Spaniards <kn build very well, and we judged from her ihape that she was exceeding fast as well a> easy to manage. Besides, the greater lorgth of the cove running westward, what piffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be it our favour, and although there would netessarily be some risk when we had passcl the elbow, anl came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all efents to make the experiment. Nothing venire nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, Ind thanked our stars for such a slice of goal luck. As in many other adventires, the first and most difficult duty which wi had to perform was to wait, so we enscoiced ourselves in thick bushes, where we cmld see without being easily discerned, aril watched the Spaniards as keenly as hawki do larks. The sun was above the horizon'about half-an- hour, when a man issued f ron the cabin, and tapped the deck loudly with i handspike. At this summons the sluggards ai tho forecastle hegan to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from undr the sails, and presently three or four bloidhounds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching tiemselves from their warm nests. The rian who had wakened the rest then wilt round the schooner, and appeared to eximine the state of the moorings. The aspect a things seemed to satisfy him, for lie went biow, and pre sently the crew had their breakfast, which they ate on deck — a couple of bjwls of cocoa or some such beverage, being capied aft to tlie cabin. Soon after this wo observed with great delight a number of musrets and pistols brought on deck, at the siglitlof which the grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we called liim tieri, appeared again ; and after along discoifsc, carried on with a great deal of gestic.ulatpn, the whole crew gathering ronnd and liaudiiig the arms, the bloodhounds were fed, and jhe skiff — my skiff — hauled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore Thecaptain then seemed to he giving orders fo one of the crew, a stout follow, who vbre a great striped woollen cap and had; a long un sheathed knife in his girdle, ind then the whole party, excepting the felow with the knife and cap, tumbled into he boat, the bloodhounds leaping in along, with them, and rowed towards the ex t rear head of tho creek. Tlie Spaniards numbs-eu about a dozen, without including a bar whom they hud with them, and of cogse weighed down the skiff until her gimwab was almost at the water's edge. We wei for a little lime in some perturbation; lest they should chance to come our way. Wl heard tliem shouting, and laughing, aril crashing through the boughs, as they male their way up the steep banks of the crclk, and then tlie boat came floating down, again |to tho schooner, with the hoc- padding her. Meantime, tlie man with liie striped cap had disappeajed. . in J a little cook-house or caboose, froa the fuurel of which a smoke began to rise : lad the boy, having made fast the boat, wert aft to tie cabin, and presently returned witn the bowls, which we had seen carried thither, empty. Now, as we had seen but one niin come cut of this cabin, aud as breakfast had bejel served there for two, we considered thit there were three persons left ii charge of tlie ship, but that one of these wjis probably sick or disabled. "While we wire maktig .these observations, the reader nnv be sure that we also' listened attentively, jm order to find out iii what direction tho hinting party had proceeded; and' presently, healing shouts and the reports of guns very faintly, aud gradually becoming more so, uutilthey wsre no longer audible, we congratulated ourselves that the hunters were out ot tho way. and that so far,. our task would be easy. :. ... ! The next point was. how to get on boara the schooner so suddenly and so quiytijr./is to . loa-ve riiei-uu opportunity or giving an alarm. First w-e thought of swimming, " but the Picard wss .not skiuul at inis exercise ; auu, uusiues. we saw the backs aud /, 'snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nicky proposed to switg our selves aboard, by means of tne warj, fixed to the trees ; but, on close examina on, wo found the hanks so precipitous, that would be very difficult to make our way to the ropes, without giving an alarm. - Ve were thus in considerable perplexity, feang our scheme would miscarry in the ver outset, when I observed a means whereby w< might, although at some risk, accomplish nr end. I have" said that the cove or credrivas so narrow that the branches of the gre; trees, growing in the rifts of the rock o| either side, met and interlaced, and frii these branches hung perpendicularly, lib great ropes, many long"- tendrils ortvit'nes, very tough aud strong. Now, as it lanced, one of these, depending from J stout branch, swung close by the f;e-top- mast head of the schooner, danglig in deed to the cross-trees. I poiutcd thjoutto my comrades, aud they all agreedhat it would be very possible to clamber 01 upon the bough, aud slide down tho witlie to the rigging ; but that the deck must « clear when we made the attempt, other ke wo could not fail of being discovered, t was fortunate, therefore, that the man v.i the striped cap continued iti the cookouse, where we heard him clattering ainoiij pots and pans, and concluded that ho, was spar ing a meal for the men ashore.jBiit, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinu one never knows who may eat it. 1 .. boy remained about the deck for some tiq hut at length went into the cabin, and, aying there, we concluded to make the vmre. Fastening our guns across our sholers, we agaiu shook hands, and vori to stand by each other to the death. Jhen we crept cautiously along, until we ep to the tree from which sprang tho great Ueh, which we looked to be the first stage pur journey to the schooner's deck. Thtree grew about a fathom beneath the edgethe rock, but it was easy to swing ourselveskvn to it, by the matted vegetation, which ng to the "face of the stone. . Then, onetter nnofliof tca prjrwlpf? nut nnun tho Irh. which shook a little, but bore us brjy. The schooner was now right below, aiiot a living thing stirring on her docks, (as the first man, and Nicky was at my is. The Indian came next, and tho Frencan brought up the rear. All of 11s whites jig sailors, the feat was not difficult; and i.u- the Mosquito man, he could climb a cat. Having satisfied myself that the le was well attached to the bough, I st twined my legs round tho former, aridsn grasping "it. slid easily down, until nr it feet touched the crosstrees oi the Sybil onhnnnpr and in a moment mv eon is were clustering around me, no alarm g as yet excited. After pausing a inomoo get a fain grip of the stays, I gavie word, aud the whole four slid iike liglog down the ropes, hand over liaudis sailors say, anil came with a it bounce upon deck together. The Fd instantly leaped to the cook-house, anie Spaniard coming out at the same mot, the Frenchman dealt him a blow witje butt-end of a heavy pistol, which fiiinai backwards, quite stunned, upon the 1, while Nicky and I run to the eabiu, mer at the threshold the. bay, and a cok, woman, "very dark," and with the, hint eyes I ever Baw, .who.directly set up ,a t. shriek of dismay. . 1 But Nicky anil I, pointing to? cabin, and drawing forth pistols, them understand thut they must go b and be silent, as they valued their lives, boy slunk back directly, and the w turned to a livid palouoss, and, swoi away, would have fallen down the la but we supported her and -laid hero cabin floor ; then, directly running on deck, we shut down the hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment ; and, seeing Le Pickard and Blue Peter cutting the warps'forward, we drew our knives, and working with goodwill, soon severed the tough piles of Hemp, aft, and the schooner was unmoored. "We waited a moment with great impatience, to see if she would drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up the jib, and slackened the brails of the mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the sea breeze had not yet set in, or if it had it did not reach ns in the depth of the creek. We therefore flung a lqng line into the lightest of the two Twats alongside, and Bine Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for the elbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Le Picard aud I hauled upon the warp, aud soon saw that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth and breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and the warp upon which we were hauling slackened. The schooner felt the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her in close by the starboard shore, which, when we turned seawards, would be the weather side of the cove. The mingled trees and rocks seemed to glide away from us. I looked over the side, and saw the bubbles rippling in the transparent water ; and as I lifted my head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of tho schooner, as she began to meet the lazy swell. The elbow, or turn of the creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rocks. Ihcrefore I ported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, and just as we slowly opened the corner I put the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout to gether as wc saw, at tho end of a short rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we were not out yet : almost immediately on rounding the point of the creek a gust of the sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off" towards the rocks on the leeward side. The Frenchman exolaimcd that we musttako to the boats after ali, but Nicky answered him, " Yes — but oul ; to carry a warp to the rocks at the mouth of the creek !" No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here the surf .was beating violently, comiug with great lashing sui'ge3 round the . corner of tho cliff, anil causing the water to rise and fall more rhau a fathom with every undulation or the sea. Here was a jagged pinnacle of rock beaten by the waves, which every now and then burst right above it ; over this the Indian with great, dexterity cast a loose hitch of the line, while we on board, running to the schooner's bows, hauled upon it as before. It was lucky for us that tho sea- breeze only blew up the ravine in uncertain puffs, and that the place was full of counter-currents and eddies of air, which first filled our sails one way and then another, as we heaved and relied upon the broken swells which dashed from side to side of the channel. Yv" 0 worked at the warp like desperate men, as, indeed, we were. Every now and then a suddeu toss of the water would fling us bock; . but then the counter reflection of the seas from the opposite wall of rock would jerk us forward, and we soon found that we were gradually making out- way towards the mouth of the cove, keeping so close to the weather side that every now and then the masts, when flung over to star board. .rattled among the bushes overtiend. aud sent down showers ot leaves. wiu«':i would flv m uncertain whirls- and jr.: >v; amongst tne rigging. At last, tho do : moment came. In a minute we wout , : hove upon the leeward entrance of the cove, tu be out dear at sea. I ran again to tiiuc 1 .-e helm. Le I'icard and the Indian, running v«> the weather tore-chums, gave a lass surge upon tne. linci-by.-wav : of-iai launch- : an -nunhoiicr's head plunged into .the tro»'-'> the sen, not a fathom from the rocks -.-. i. slie rose — her bows drew bevond the r nr tllrt nnirfl. Aill h1.,-.L Ll. - .... — HUB Aim uiitNt ui LIK; firr- 'i'D caught hoi jib — and her head swung avat:: : leeward. " Help her with the foresail, comrades ; ' I shouted. Tiiey had anticipated me — the Indian letting go the brails, and then help ing the Whites to draw aft 'the sheet. Tne sail surged and flapped so as to shako tlie schooner to her very kee!, and tlie great sheet - block jerked madly to .. aud fro with bounds which would have dashed through a strong wall. But still, though they could :10c yet master tho canvas, the schooner was not 'in sensible to its lifting power, and I felt her, as she rose with her broadside to a great clear sea. gather way, and start as it were from under me. There was just a moment of terrible suspense. ; The masts bent to lee ward until tlioir trucks were within a couple of fathoms of the lee proiaontorv. You ccuhl almost leap on the great rough masses of wet stone which lay close a-boam, and then in a moment the schooner rose to another sea, all threo sails now bellying to tlie wind, and once more hove clear" of the land, although I saw through the clear water a. glimpse of reef under our counter, which the keel must have scraped, and although the head of the mainmast actually tore awav the projecting branch of a great prickly bush which was waving and dancing in the wind. "We were drawing our first deep breath after our peril , when I heard a great siiout above me, . and, startiug round, I saw between me an l the skv the figure of a man . staining wi ta a gun upon tlie very vergo of the precipice wh'ich formed the line of coast. He directly fired his piece, aud set up a loud outer;- to his comrades, three or four of whom directly joined him, and fired a volley at us, which did no damage. So we jumped up on the tafi'rai! rail, and waving our hats gave them a loud cheer, and told them that if they wanted their schooner, they might swim after us. and then we would consider the matter. They made violent gestures, but the sea breeze blowing so freshly, carried back their voices, and we knew not what they said.. Carrying on as we best could with our ill-set sails, uncil we had made a good half mile offing, we luffed the schooner up into the wind, "and with some trouble, got the canvas properly extended; then putting tho helm hard down, we got the jib-shcet to windward, and so lay to, dancing- and surging merrily upon the sea. ;T»"> HR COSTIXUElO 