WAS IT A GHOST ? A DOCTOR’S STORY. Iliad been sont for in great husto, and bad fancied that I was needed in some extremely critical caso, for the hour was nine in tho oven ing and the night a stormy one. VVliat, then, was my surprise, when I had been ushered into a handsome parlour in one of tho host hotels, to find, sitting in a largo arm chair, and with no appearance of ill-health about her, a very beautiful woman whom I know to bo nil actress of position, and hnd often admired upon tho stage. Sho was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Hor maid, ft Spanish-laoking woman with a beautiful olive skin, remained stauding near tlio window* ‘ You look surprised, doctor,’ the lady began, motioning mo to a seat. 1 You will ho more so before you leave mo. I am not ill and I cun ado that you know that at a glance.’ ‘ ton cortainly arc looking well, madam,’ * I am fooling well,’ said she. ‘ Tho question that I desire to ask you, as a man who has made tho brain in some degree, a speciality;is—Am I mad V You need not mind my maid;: alio speaks no English. I want you to give me your opinion. Do you think mo insauo ?’ ‘That is a very difficult question, madam,’ said I. ‘A doubt of your rationality would never have-occurred to mo. Besides, insane people seldom guess their condition. However, you must have some reason for asking tho question ?’ ‘ A very grave one,’ sho answered. ‘ Either I am out of my mind or there are such things as ghosts.’ ‘ There are optical illusions also, madam,’ ‘ But illusions of tho senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once—would that not ho madness ?’ asked she. * Not if you wore aware they wore illusions,’ I answered. ‘ But they seem real to mo,’ said the lady —4 oh, so real l I suppose you read tho stories about mein tho papersV You have hoard of tho mail who killed himself for love of mo !* ‘The Frenchman ?’ I ajked. ‘To tell tho truth I have read of it.’ * They said I was emol to him,’said tho lady, growing somewhat excited. ‘ I was not. I was kind at first; hut ho dogged my footsteps and threatened my life. Not at first, of course, but after I had accorded him an interview, and refused him ns gently ns a woman could refuse a man. Ho wantcd'me to marry him. IIo was rich, of good family; ho was honourable, and very, very much in love. But I—how could I love a stranger? And he was ugly—a great savage-looking creature. After that lie tried to kill me. IIo shot at me. Iliad him arrested, and ho committed suicide in prison.’ She paused tmd shuddered. ‘It is ho who comes,’ shoadded. ‘Naturally,’ said I, ‘ yon have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams are so vivid that you fancy Them actual occurrences.* ‘ I knew you would cay that,’ sho sighed, ‘hut I have very vivid dreams, for ill them friends who have been dead for years come to me. They speak and move and touch mo. But when J awake I know that I have been dreaming. This is different. My ghost—or my madness—cumcsto mo upon the stage.' ‘ Upon tho stage !’ I repeated. ‘ Yea,’ she answered, ‘liesays I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when he came, lie often comes, but never before did he touch mo. Thi3 time ho laid his hand upon my arm, and whispered: ‘ I tell you you must retire from tho stage! I exact this penalty of you. Tho next time you tread tho boards I will kill you !’ ‘ Well ?’ said I. ‘ I fainted,’ said tho lady; * and fortunately it was the correct thing to do at the moment. Only my fellow-actors guessed the swoon to be a real one. But .the next day I cancelled my engagement. I declared myself ill. The truth is I was voiy much frightened. I had grown usod to his sturing and pointing lo his throat, but when it canio to touching mo and speaking’— She paused, shuddering violently. ‘ Yours is a case of disodererd nerves, madam,* said I. * I advise you to taken holiday.’ * I don’t dare to go on acting !’ she gasped. ‘ Don’t you see that ? Why, 1 really believe you don’t know why I am so troubled. In tho very prime of life, with everything I value at niylumd, 1 must sink into obscurity—retired! a small sum of money, when I might make an immense fortune—give up the applause I live for, tho art I adore—and all because a ghost will have it so i’ Tho tears arose to her beautiful eyes. Sho wiped them away and forced a laugh. 4 Oh, you know I had rather think myself a little out of my mind than to believe in my ghost!’ said sue. ‘ So should I,’ said I. ‘If you will take my advice, you will give yourself a holiday, sur round yourself with friends, mid forget your hallucination—it is one. You are just a little upset, and it will pass.’ I wrote a proscription. ‘ Take this at night,’ I said. ‘ I assure you that science has distinctly proven tho fast that ghosts do not appear to any one.’ Shortly I went my way. Tho fee sent mo greatly exceeded my usual one, and the next day I read in the papers that Made me-had taken her physician’s advise, and Would spend a twelvemonth in Southern Europe. ofora I It was more than a year, however, saw on the walls of tho finest theatre in tho city tho announcement of Madame ——’s reappear ance. Sho was to play in her favourite rok, and the papers wore full of paragraphs concern ing her. She was, they said, handsomely in better voice, and altogether more charming than over. Seats at tho theatre where she was to appear were sold three weoko in advance, and at fancy As I had my fortune yet to make I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to attend on tho first night, but I did so nevert heless. It was an occasion of dress coats and whito tics. The house was full of tho most elegant people in the city. Tho company was fine—tho music oxcellent. Tho curtain rose upon tho unimportant characters who always usher in a play, finally tho door at the hack of tho stage flung open by a servant, .’ 'r'1.. enterod. A roar of applaui papers wore right. Sho ami d Madame greeted hor. Tho handsomer than •J/Avas one to call forth all her art. Sho did not fail, ^ As tho play proceeded I noticed, however, that sho occasionally glanced in the direction of one of tho aide scenes in a way I did not like. And as tho curtain roso upon tho last act there Boomed to mo a longer wait than usual at tho tinio when she should liavo entered; however sho camo. 1 She advanced to tho foot-lights. ^ Tho ijart sho played placed her in that scone in tho midst of a howling mob who threatened her. Sho turned and faced them. They flourished weapons in tho air. Sho addressed them, her tall form drawn to its height. My memory of tho play was that at this moment succour arrived, but it occured to mo that tho scono was changed. “From tho midst of the mob a strango wild figure rushed forth. I saw it but for a moment. It threw hack tho collar of its coat and revealed a red gusli across its throat, and flung out its hand towards her. I sow it but for a moment, wondering what connection it had with tho play; then I saw Madame fall forward on her face. Tho curtain foil. Tho house was in an up roar of oxcitement. A mom out after a call was mudo for a doctor. I was tho first to answer A little group of physicians gathered about j tho beautiful form thnt'tlioy hiul lifted to a sofa; but wo saw at a glance that we looked upon a ; dead woman. 41 . , . , 1 For my part a horror beyond that whicli ; sudden death inspires possessed mo. ‘ Did you notice tho moment at which sho foil ?’ I asked a prominent physicion who stood near mo and whom I know well. 4 Yes,’ said ho * as sho spoke the last words of hor defiance. Hor friends woro about to appear*1 ... , 41 fancied one of tho populace—tho one who touched hor, who hadblood upouhim, frightened her,’ I said. «Oh, no ono touched her, my dear follow/ ho said. * There is nothing of that sort in tho piny. Sho awud thorn by her manner, you know. Good heavens, wlmt a sad thing this 1 * It is horriblo,’ I answered, I think so still, No one but myself had seen tho man with tho blood upon his throat unless she did, and unless all that I am bound as a medical man to disbelieve is true, there tiro such things as ghosts. No fewer than 1.810 patients bitten by dogs wero treated at tho Pasteur Institute in tho year ended 3bt October, Thcro were thirteen 1 deaths. 