Crowded Out. — Pressure of dis trict news matter compels us to omit a leading article and several letters from thi« issue. Matriculation Results. — These have been published, and the only succese- AlU WUU UhUlUUDitC M) UU CiUUiUltU Bvan, of the Hamilton Academy, who fLssed in the following subjects, viz.: — nglish, Latin, geography, history, arithmetic, algebra, geometry, and trigo nometry. We also notice "that Gerald Smith wick, son of Mr. C- R. Smith wick, of Merino, passed from the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat. Master Smith wick is a State school scholar and an old Acade mician, he having gained a renewed scholar ship when at the Academy. Mr. Smith- wick's many friends will be pleased to hear of his son's success. The Last op It. — The question of whether what is virtually the last piece of unreserved Crown lands within the town of Hamilton should be reserved or sold by auction was considered at a sitting of the Local Land Board held here on Tuesday. The land in question is section 71a, and ad joins the block which was lately set apart for military purposes. It was included in' the list of Hamilton lands to be offered for sale by auction about two months ago and, at the instance of the mayor, the Borough Council asked that the allotment might be withdrawn from sale. On Tuesday the Council was afforded an opportunity for Showing CHiQitt bklviu Aifao Tiiml Hunil -wby- the land should be reserved. Mr. Downes, the town clerk, attended on behalf of the Council, which was not otherwiserepresented and explained in effect that the object in asking for the exemption of the land from sale was to keep it available for any public purposes for which it might be required in the fnture. The Board did not appear to regard this as a very strong reason, and said that for some time past nearly all the land that was scheduled for sale in the borough -had been withdrawn on the application of the CounciL They asked if it would not be wise for the Council to at once apply for all the land required for reserves, but Mr. Downes did not consider himself competent to express an opinion on that point. Ulti mately the Board decided to recommend that the land be sold by auction. A Mixed Committee.— Mr. R. S. Bree, whom everybody recognises as a " man of ideas," relieved tbe monotony of Hospital . committee business on Tuesday. ' It is said outside " is a prelude which our energetic mayor frequently employs in pre senting such indications of public feeling as are manifested to him in his daily experi ence, and on Tuesday bis favourite figure of speech again did duty. Thic time what is stated outride appears to be that the ladies who are kind enough to act as a sort of in formal committee, and pay visits to and make reports upon the women's wards at the hospital, are dissatisfied. They did feel, according to Mr. Bree, that they are not associated with the committee proper, and labouring under this failing they hesi tate, in making their reports, to present matters in all tbe naked hldianngneRK in which they find them at the hospital. Mr. Bree invited consideration of tha question whether the present system should be continued or ladies be associated with the committee, as is done in con nection with the Women's Hospital. " It is for this committee to deride whether they should have ladies on the committee or not," continued Mr. Bree, who thus suggested a possible alteration in the con stitution of the committee without abso lutely committing himself to support it. The proposal to incorporate lames with themselves took members by surprise. Several bore testimony to the work done by what is in courtesy termed the "ladies' committee," and hoped that thla work would not be discontinued, but member evidently did not feel seaRy to discuss the larger question involved. We must, per haps, except Father RhfttiAhMij who ex pressed an opinion adverse to the admission of ladies to membership on the committee, jocosely saying that the mgmW "talked quite enough as it was." iTw meetingwas a small one, and it was wisely decided to take a month to think over the matter. Be fore the end of that period members will probably have realised that the question is one that <can only be dealt with at a general meeting of subfirribp.rs. Lights and Shades of Irish Life. —There was ooly a small attendance at the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening, when' a lecture on the above subject was delivered bj the Rev. W. Gould, wtor of the Primi tive Methodist Church, Hamilton, in rid of the Home Mission Fhnd of that denomina tion. Qe. W. Thomson presided, and In a few word® Introduced 4he lecturer, at the came time regretting that there were not more present to welcome Mr. Gould on bis firat- appearance as a lecturer In the town. The Rev. W. ; Gould was received with much applause, and at once, proceeded to . deal with bis subject. He gome his torians. had asset ted .that .the jish people, , wlfile poesesrang tnitsof generosity, bravery and hospitality in their character, were yet wanting in that energy of «nin3 and body which are iodiepeneablD to those who would build np a nation. Other historians took an extreme view, and contended that ihe lrish wine without a flaw, and -that all the troubles which the unhappy oonhtry "8»d sustained were ihe direct zesolt of English rule, fipt jf we . were to take an unpreju diced view of tbe matter, we would see that whHe Pat did poetess n measure nfihe faults < aaedbed to him, the management or rather ' mismanagement— of the country was Ihe real panse of MIr ihevimBfortaues which: bad wfflictedhhBKneEald.Isle.-1-Theworkofthe IriBh in other lands would wpeak'ifm' itselL In America and Anstralu they had proVed' that not only had .they beeome th e arehitecti < of n gh /yan fast swept a«my, wnd it )now eihted jonlyin Hie minds of ignorant and bigoted persons. The lecturer then proceeded to speak of the life of Gideon Oils ley, a noted Irish evange list, who did much to alleviate the sorrows of his countrymen, mid who was instrumen tal in planting stronglv the Methodist Church in I reload. At that time, the. speaker said, the ministry was considered .a profession suitably adapted lor the younger sons of families," and he described an arnnsmgepisode which went to show that in those days, in the opinion of many, any fool could become a preacher, it was not to be wondered at, therefore, that under this condition of thidgs the task undertaken by Gideon Ousley, to convert and save the lower classes, was a gigantic one. It had been crowned, however, with great success, and the lecturer earnestly exhorted those listening to him to endeavour, if only in a small way,- to follow Owsley's example. Gould interspersed his narra tive of Mr. Oosley's life with a nnmber of amusing anecdotes, which afforded much amusement to the andience. He concluded by hoping that brighter days were io store for the Emerald isle, that in the words of O'Connell, the Irish patriot, it would be .... grext, glorious and free. The pride of the earth, tbe gem of the sea. Oo the proposition of Mr. Toomson, a hearty vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to the lecturer. Similar compliments were paid to the chairman and the oigaoist, A large choir, under -the management of Mr. L. H yatt, rendered a nnmber of choice selec tions daring the evening. Sand fori). — Oar correspondent writes : — The farmers here about are busy ploughing, and preparing their land for sowing seed wheat, the weather of late having been more favourable to their opera tions. Butt-he progress is slow, as we have not yet had a sufficient quantity of rain to make new ground fit for hwdring np with tfaepioagh. _ Football — A. mafch was playecl in the Friendly Societies' Park yesterday afternoon between the Hamilton and the Half-Holiday Union football dabs. An excellent game resulted in a victory for the Union, whose representatives kicked 4 goals 8 faehinds to their opponents 2 goals 8 be- hinds. The Oddfellows. — A district meet ing of the Manchester Unity LO.O.F. was held at Hamilton yesterday, when repre sentatives from the various parts of the Hamilton District attended. The proceed ings were conducted in private, and we are informed that no business of special interest was transacted. Hospital Finances. — The members of the Hamilton Hospital Committee who met on Tuesday were called upon to face a very dreary condition of things financial. It appeared from the treasurer's statement that the overdraft on the maintenance ac count that day amounted to £683. There were accounts on the pay-sheet amounting to £252, which brought the total indebted- ness np to £935. It was stated that a moiety of about £200 of the Government grant due would he received before the end of the month, which is also the close of the financial year, bat it may be assumed that this will hardly suffice to pay the month's expenses and that the debit balance on the 30th inst. will not fall far short of £1000. Against this, however, is a suspense account, consisting of moneys properly due to the maintenance fund, which on last Tuesday showed a credit of £300. Taking the sus pense account into consideration, the end of the year wiU see the committee at least about £700 to the bad, as it is not expected that there will be much money received be yond what is to come from the Government. Under these circumstances it was decided to make an appeal to the Treasurer for a supplementary grant to the maintenance fund, the principal grant this year being, as our readers may recollect, cut down to a smaller amount than usual. The propriety of sending a member of the committee to Melbourne for the purpose of representing the position to Mr. Gillies was discussed, bnt it was pointed out that in the present state of political affairs it was hardly likely that the Treasurer would receive a deputy. Mr. Officer is to be asked to associate with himself other members of both Houses of Parliament who are concerned in the wel fare of the hospital and take a suitable op portunity of placing the claims of the insti tution before Mr. Gillies. . " Sent to the Gaol Hospital. — We James Terlec had been brought to Hamil ton, from Casterton, suffering from chills and rheumatism, and that there being no room for him in ihe hospital he was carried to the gaol. Mr. Johns, P.M., attended at the gaol on Tuesday morning and dealt with the case, Terlec being charged with vagrancy. The Police Magistrate decided to remand the unfortunate fellow for seven days. As there is no permanent accom modation in the gaol for sick persons, Terlec was sent to Portland, where there is a gaol hospital. The sufferer, who is only about 25 years of age, had to be carried to the railway station on an ambulance stretcher, and a bed was provided for him in .the goods van. Mr. Johns remanded Terlec in order to avoid sentencing an in nocent man to a term of imprisonment- It is understood that if the sufferer has not recovered at the end of the seven days a further remand will be granted. Premier Ferhanenx BdildTns Socmrr. — The charges brought against James Wirams and "William Docherty, ex- secretaries, and John Hedrick and John Holten, ex-auditors of tbe Premier Perman ent Building Society, again occupied the at tention of the' Melbourne City Court on Tuesday. The evidence was concluded at a previous sitting and counsel for the de fence severally addressed the court, Mr. Holten conducting his own defence. It was contended for the ex-secretaries that no case had been mads out for & jury, for the auditors that they were not officers of the society and could not be charged as such. In accordance with an arrangement previously arrived at, the decision was post poned until the 17th inst., by which time it is expected (hat the charges against tbe di rectors will have been heard. Hamilton Hospital. Tenders for the new bnilding returnable to-day. They may be delivered to the secretary (Mr. C. A. Wiggins) up till 12 o'dock xioon. Farmers' excursion trains are being run in the Gippsland district this Week. Geelong woollen null empbyjs have formed an association and propose to agitate for the- eight-honts' system. i- - A man named Michaol Marry was execnted for wife ronrdci- at'the Rockhampton Gaol ' tnt Monday morning. A-gooo miuvuu xeaaat nenn's, ueoDauK, has caneed a email rush .of ; diggers to ihe Maryborough district. - Two cases of infanticide are under investi gation in Sandhurst at present. The dusty oily is becoming quite notorious. ' Mr. Wrixnn declared in tbe Assembly on' Tuesday evening that the present Govern ment were not enamoured of office. Mr. Harold Morrison, formerly C.P.S. here, is .to fill tire post of chief clerk at Ballarat for a period of six months. Messrs. Elder, Smith and Go., of Adelaide, are announced to commence business at Hamilton as stock and station agents.- r i A Melbourne cabman, who was Convicted of reckless driving this week,' was smartly punished with a fineof £10 with costs. ..The . will -of ..the late Mr. Robert, Clark, miller, of Horahain," -has been louged 'for. probate. The estate is valued at £21,325. . The Divorce Court is sitting in Melbourne tiiis week, and a good many damaged or broken reputations are being paraded before Ihe public. " ' - ' '" - We observe that the military commandant, Major-General Tnllobh, is to give a lectare on "The Battle Fields of Europe" during the present month. ' Prospects of the Go rernment eaid to have considerably, improved, and the Opposition is now satisfied that it will .be defeated in the impending divirion. _ J ohn Morran and his.' Wife hare been con- meted at TVirnsgrilla of jadlinjr liquor Without -a license.; Each of the "defendants was. fined £25, with £3 Si costs. The Geelong publicans are following the example net in -Melbonrne and faaveesolved to rigorously observe the Ghnflay cfoeug provisions tftiie licensing Act' - f ; !Fhe' wffl of 'the late Mr. Jpti i3ibn$son, of KeJlamtebvhas been lodged 'for proltAte. Our Jreadera "will rscotlect that the 'detiowed left large sums' to <hsritabWinstitatidzL&1 1 > Antonio Bruno ,, ffriw; hjU jgaihed'qhftc >a pptpridy in Port Mriboprhe In Wmectidn .With "crmtwqperatiobsa iiks tirrnnV The will of the late Ml Alfred Woley ' has been lodged for probate, the«state being Walned atuYBrouder%M>Btlo benevolent a. man was mbie' toTeave poanuch. 