WHERE DID THE " GHOST IDEA" COME FB03I ? Zrnvnox BPECTATOn.) Lady AVeiiiy, has "bcehfvory badly reported, so buclly that if is difficult to dccido from the condensed account of in £hc 2um& whether sbo was on tho side of tho materialislsor on that of tho angels. It is evident,; however, cvon from that report, that tbo question she raised, bci'oro tho British Association of Leeds, f.rnf inL>llnrtiial imnoriance. and ouo which, though not new. has never, we boHeve.'bcou qnito adequately discussed, bhe asked whether those who bolievo that human thought like man himself, is a product of slow evolution continued through cntiro cycles of time, rocognisoonq 44 break" m too process, or, if they do net recognise it, how thoy account for tho intrusion of tho u ghoet idea." Tho governing notion of those who consider that tlio human intellect is a result of ovulation, is that man slowly accumu lated experience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, atidj by meditation, arrived at last- at abstract and non-material thought. Ho considorcd tho cffectof revcngo,for example, and its operation iu tribal society, till ho arrived at tho idea of just revenge, or, as wo cull it. of justicu ; ana finally, his horizon over widening, at tbo loftv conception that forgiveness might occasionally, or oven frequently, bo more to tho gclioral advantage, or, in other words, might be nobler, aud tbcrcforo to bo adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unexplained— for instance, tho original dicfuu'.ty why ono par ticular animal should liavo advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary— -but still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a great array of facts, and docs, if accepted, explain a grcut many of tho phenomena. Much of thought is certainly a result of expo- rioncound observation, .and much moro may bo ; and if wo allow limitless time, and concede that man forgets very little— a concession, by- the-way, wholly at variance with his known history— we may .extend tho result of teaching; by cxjjcrieitco utitif it:. covers nearly tho whole: fiohl of human intelligence. It does not, how- over, cover1 quite the whole field Thoro is always ono prodigious " break," as Ludy Wclby calls it— namely, the intrusion of the " gbost idea," using that term either to indicate the wholo body of beliefs about tho supernatural, or tho spocuil conceit tliat nnin will live again. Ho iv did that fancy creepinto man's mind, and at lastassuinc its dominun:o there? Clearly lie cannot huvo derived it fro n experience. He ccrtuinlytiidnotlivo again kiinsflf oven in tho tertiary poriod, and it docs notlio iu tho inoutli of purely scientific men to ailirui that he hud any ovidcnco that anybody ctoe did. What cvidouco could ho liavo ' Of course, if ho actually saw or lieard or smelt tho h an dps of persons who had rotuTiied from another state of being, ho had o video c© upon which to construct his theory ; but tlicro is no one iu the full lmbtof science pour ing on his mind who will aamit for a moment tho possibility of any occurronco of tho kind. Nobody in Hctontifio belief over saw a ghost, or heard a ghost, or smelt a ghost ; and how then did tho ghost idea como in ? how,' that is, did a belie! opposed to continuous human expe rience generate itself in the human mind ? Most illusions aro tho consequence of a mis understanding of phenomena; but in this instance thero uro no phonomcna to mis understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could ovon rcmotoly tend to induce; reception of tho fallacy. No animal jives' again, and 110 vogotablo, oxcopt in its original form, and with its original quali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break in tho development of tlio human mind, a sudden step back, as Lady Welby says, from tho process of induction from facts into a region, of illusion, of moro fancies, of iionsonso in fact— a stop all tho more romerkablo because it cannot nave conduced towurds survival. Oil tho contrary, it muBthavo tended to wasto the mental powers of thoso who made tho step, us woll as their timo, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to havo given to the better and stronger minds which . remained unaffected an immcuso advantago in thcraco. They were unburdened in their task of making this world moro omlurable to them- oelves. It was not so, however, for tho men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to havo perished as victims of a mental (disease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for continuous pro- Sress, and are now more gifted than any other i vision of the human species. What is, or can bo, on tho strict hypothesis of evolution, tho explanation of ikat r It may bo said that primiti vo man was Bubicct, liko tho modem man, to. hallucination, and no doubt that ib in ono way correct. M&u; was pro- ;bably vor y slow/to soparato tho evidence of dream from tho evidence of fact. Tho native of Guidiia, Kir. Jim Thurd'tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream is port of his actual lifo, that if ho drcurns you have assailed him, ho will, on waking, assail you with a violonco which, to his victim, or intended viotim, is quite iuoxplicablo. But then, how did tho ghost idea get into tho droams? Pooplo droam odd things but they do not dream absolutely now things— that is, things notouly outsido their expcrionco, but outside tho imagination developed from thinking about the collected results. 01 oxporionco either per sonal or inherited. Nobody over droumt of men who woro not men, uuIcbs ho had pre viously concoivod of spirits or angels or dovile, sloop rocombiuing thoughts oftou most fantasti cally; but not actually creating theui out of nothing Otherwise mau would havo self- gonorated thoughts or impressions when asleep, and tho evolutionary hypothesis would neces sarily go to pieces. And oven if a man did in a droam soo a spook, and get tho notion that it was himself oranotkor appearing af tor death a Vety wild supposition— why should that par ticular droam, unsupported 'by general expe rience, and. indeed, oppoiod to general expe rience, bo tno one dream which miisterod tho world ? It would not expluiu anything to primiti vo man, or help him iu tho conilict for oxisteuco, or, auovo uii gtvo him any comfort ; for if wo know anything about eavageb-and wo know vory little — it is that tho ghost-idea is to a savage asourcoof unmitigdtod terror, loading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did ho single out an un comfortable droam-boru fautasy, to nmko of it an important motor in hiB cureer. a career of which all tho rest consisted iu utilising slowly accumulated knowlodge of actual and recur rent facts? Tho occurrence of dreams will not oxplain tho "stop book," nor will tho theory, once so popular, that religion was horn of human fear. Whence tho fear of what had nover happenod ? Thoro was nothing visible or audible tocausosuch a fear, still less to cause so tremendous an effort of tho imagination as tho oxisteuco of lifo after doalh. Grunt Pope's notion that tho sava"o fears tho thunder or tho tempest till ho recog. macs in tkom some power abovo himself and still thoro is no relation between that fear' which, moroovor, ought to havo weakened and not strongthonod him, and the notion of a future stato which hb had never seen or heard of. Tho lightning docs not suggest tho resurrection. Tho converse idea is better than that— namely, that tho holiof is a result of mtoiiso wishing, of a sovereign desiro for a happier lifo ; but that also oxplains very little. Why did that particulur wwh bocomo so coucroto QB, in tho teeth of all oxporionco, to become a faith i No other wish did. notcvou tho savage's greatest with of all, for more easilv procurable food. - Wo do not think iuucli of tho argumimt to which Lady Welby anpoara to ut- tach force, that no other animal 1ms been victimised by tho Khost-illusion, for wo ilo not know in tlio least what animals think : and so far as wo can soo, man is tho only animal who accumulates thought-exporienco, or, indeed, except in the most limited dogreo, any experi ence at all. But, confining tho argument to mun, what mado him accept a weakening illu sion, contradicted by every fact of whioh ho or his fathers hail any cognisance ? Ho holioved iu a thing which lio had liovor seen or hoard of, "41 which, through all tho cycles during whioh bo wns accumulating from expcrionco tho materials of thought, ho had no ovidonco whut- over. Mr by ( i Tt?8' T? wo suppoao to all Christians who havo thought upon tho subject, thoro appear to bo onlytwo reasonable answers to that riiios. !!' c 9?,' .wj"h in practioo is, of courso, quito is that primitive man actually had ovidonco tlmt ho hud onon or hoard at eorao timo or other that which inspired conviotion in his mind. IIo bacanio ns euro of uuothor lifo as of the action of sunlight, nnd for thesaino rouson, bccauso ho had watolied its manifestations. Ihis, which was tho univoreal thoory of tlio unciont world, und is still hold by a good many theologians, is, \yo quito admit, a purely con- jcctui al hypotheBiH. Wo kiiow little, excopt hy comooturo. of tlio oxporionco of primitive mail, nothing whatever of his mind, and, abovo all, nothing whatever of his thoughts about things lion-material. Ho may have had a groat man v. as somo existing savages havo ; or ho may havo had none, as soeras to ho tho caao — and possibly only seoms— with some of tho very lowest tribes. He may havo beon closer to tho in- viBiblo world than wo are, as tho logohds of all races affirm ; or ho may have been, as tho modorn nnimols are supposed to1 ho, much furthor off. Thoro can bo no evidence ou tho subject, and, except as nn intellectual exorcise, it must always bo usoloss. to- discuss it. The othor answer la that, whatever the truth about tho evolution of thought-and ' part of tho thoory Ts olmoat visibly truo-somo thoughts must ho intuitional, must, that is;: have hoem zenerated In man originaUy by some external power. Nothing is self-generated ; and yet they do not spring from expenenco, which, in fact, cofaras mnterial experience is concerned, denies and refutes them. Tho first of those thoughts- it is not tho onlv one-is that idea of tlio futuro ctato to which Lady VV elby refers as the great " break" in the evolution of mind, tho conception which should havo burdened its recipients in tho great race, and so extinguished thorn, but which, on the contrary, on evidence admitted by materialists, made them run the faster. That thought certainly did not como froin experience ; and if it did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully tho existence, of tho -present . luind of plan? __Li 