"Imperial Fetters." To the Editob. — Sir, — "While public interest has been focusod on the noble infant effort at Australia to lay the foundation of united national life, a prophet has arisen amongst us, who proceeds to warn us of imperial fetters. The phantom of imperial federation which ho tells us haB lesB of substance than Pepper's famous ghost, has appeared to him, and from this myBtic foundation he gives us warning that tho guns of tho vessels that are to be the -jeint property of Groat Britain and Auatralia may be turped ogainst us, and together with Indian troops crush out our national life and aspirations ; that our social institution; may be subverted by the free introduction of black and yellow races; and that we in outturn may be used for tho purpose of crushing any national life that may manifest itself in India. All chis wicked, bloodthirsty unnatural outrage is to he perpetrated by a mother to her ohildren for the sake of business, by a nation he says ho is fond of, and of whioh he congratulates himsalf he is a native hern. Sir Charles does not toll as in what way the trade of England that has grown with our growth ia to be improved by this oruel programme of subjection and abase ment, or how after crippling Australia, the 'iavipr is to he advantageously used against India. With a crippled Australia there would be a crippled trade, aud the possibility of govorning would ho in proportion to the weak ness of the people governed. If Australia grew and prospered, it would become an element cf weakness to Great Britaie, and the "SrBt time England was engaged in war with a first-class power- -RuBsiato wit — theyoko would jbe thrown 0£, u;|; also assume she "would adopt tho same polioy to ttio rest of her colonies, and had she a few mote embarrass ments, say in Canada, the Cape, and otfier African settlements, I am afraid the British taxpayer would find himself rather out of packet by his colonial conquests. I have written under the supposition that ccnqncst has taken placo. But the probabilities are that the utmost efforts of Great Britain would fail to subjugate Australia or Canada. When we coneidcr that in tho pride of her military strength, and after an expenditure of xotiliona of money, she totally failed to stifle the independence of 3,000,000 Americans, we can conceive tho magnitude of tho task she would have in 5, 10, or 20 yoarB' time, to subdue Australia. But tho very thought of the attempt is a libel. Men may commit follies again and aguin, as Sir Charles BayB, and history may repeat itself, as the original con ditions may be evolved, but one who has douo so mnch as he has in tho great causa of freedom and progress must he awaro of the general march of the world in this direction. Does bethink tho past carries with it no political lessons to statesmen or the education of public opinion, or does ho bat listen to the vapid voices of a few cranks ? Imperial federation Is Lord Rosehery's crushed hat for political . banquets and dinner ' parties. It can bo ox- tonded when wanted, and as oonvenientlv laid aside.' It is the British political millennium, and ranks for all praotioal purposes with the dream of universal love and brotherhopd of the ' moral teaohor. , I have said that 8ir Charles has libelled the oountry. of his birth, and that there is not 1 the slightest founda tion in foot, past or present, that should canso ns to fear imperial fetters. Oa the con trary) England has shown herself a true mother, and in spite of much embarrassing oploaial legislation, in spite of heavy duties ou her iflanufacturo?, she. hail shown' by her wise, gentle policy,, that she feeds the crimson thread that binds her to heir' ohildren, and; until a different polioy ia.adopteti,it is. timo enough for Sir Charles Lilloy to talk of imperial fotters He-nerd not fearzwhen-tho-time is rips for- separation (and many, English ; statesmen havo ' spoken of, this as outultimato.destinyjthat Eng land Will play thq part of Mrs. -Partjn 3 ton, and try and keep back, the tide. of oar -natural growth with thajbroom qf.lfriffijfpjstiota— Yonrz, ft 0 , W. H. Could bby. AgeatoD, February 17. 