II. (From (lie Gotham Gazette of April 22.) Office of the Kssequibo Gold Company, Sir—I have read with interest the entertain ing letter from an Occasional Correspondent which you have published this morning, and which purports to give an acoount of an extra ordinary outrage recently committed in British Guiana on an American named Stead by a tribe of hitherto unknown White Indians. I hate to have to spoil so sensational a story, but I see that tiiere is a sort of to-be-oontmued-in our-next at the end of hiB letter, and I feel, therefore that I am only anticipating the cor rection the Occasional Correspondent will be forced to make when he knows what has hap pened since he wrote. Perhaps you will excuse me if I suggest that before writing he might have enquired more carefully as to the value of the information he received. What has happened sinoe then is that the man Stead was arrested yesterday for theft and for attempted murder. The thing he tried to steal was the gold entrusted to him to con vey from the mines to the coast. The man he tried to murder was his accomplice in the in tended theft—Austin. When I inform you that Austin is in New York, that lie has confessed fully his share in the robbery, and that he has acoused Stead of an attempt to put him out of the way, it may occur to some of those who may have read the exciting letter of the Occasional Correspondent that he is a gentleman of an unduly confiding nature,!tnd that he has inadvertently allowed himself to be used by a rascal. The exactfacts of the'matter are that Stead and Austin; being 'entrusted with the gold of the Eaiequibo Gold Company, conspired to stealit. When they had arrived near the cafSOn across whichStead claims to have fought so brave a fight against such long odds, they dug a hole and "buried the gold, Stead telling Austin that he_ would invent a tale of an attack by the White Iiidians, who exist in local Bupereti tion, but whom .nobody has ever seen.' That nightthe thieves fell out, and Stead set Austin adrift in the canoe without a paddle, knowing that there was a waterfall ahead, and hoping thathis accomplice wouldbe drowned. Appa rently Austin is reserved for another fate; his canoe sank on a rock in shallow water; - he waded ashore, and was taken up by a band of friendly Indians, with whom be journeyed slowly to the coast. He arrived at Georgetown about midnight, a few hours before the Rhada manthus sailed.; Going to a friend's house, he beard the story Stead had been telling, and in fear of bis life he determined to fly the country. ThiB friend hail done some trifling service for Mr. Joshua Hoffman, and thus Austin suc ceeded^ being taken aboard the Bhadamian thus without the' knowledge of the people of Georgetowii. There is a pleasant irony in the fact'that the very 'yacht which bore away the' Occasional Correspondent's account of Stead's single-handed combat with impossible White Indians over a non-existent bridge should,convey also the one man who knew the whole truth. On his arrival here yesterday Austin came down to the office of the Esseqoibo Gold Com pany and surrendered bimseU. He made a clean breast of his share an the attempt to rob the Company. We cabled at once to the Georgetown police. We learnt that Stead had been away in the interior for a week, and that he had just returned. He was about to take Ship for England when be was arrested. The stolen gold was found in his possession. I have to apologize far .this trespass on your space, but. enemies of the Essequibo Gold Company try to use ghost stories like that of the Occasional Correspondent to depress the securities of the Company, and as its p: (leident it is my duty to prevent this. Besides," just now I am a bull on the market. Your obedient servant. Samuel Sargent. 