the unseen . in fluence. A VERY STRANGE STORY. At the age of thirty I found myself almost alone in the world, hut in possession of an annual income sufficient to furnish the neces saries and some of the comforts of a bachelor life, and -with acquirements which had only to he put to use in order to bo pecuniarily pro ductive. I did not choose at first to devote myself to any remunerative occupation, hut determined to indulge in two or_ three years' amateur application to my favourite pursuit of chemistry. I was city horn and city brod, and in the city lived the only friend I possessed, so in the city I resolved to remain. I accordingly searched the suburbs for some suitable place where I might erect my laboratory and pursue my labours of love in uudisturbed retirement. At length I found a small two-roomed cottage unoccupied, sought out the landlord, and to gether we went to the premises. The place seemed particularly adapted for my purpose, as there was a desk fitted in a recess near the window in one of the rooms, and before it stood a regular study-chair, with cushioned arms, and hack set at the proper angle for a comfortable recline in moments of meditation. "How came these'to be here?" I asked the landlord. "Well," he answered, "the man who owned the house, and died in it ten years since, was a queer chap. He sold it to me cheap on the understanding that I should not remove the fixtures. These two things were tho only real fixtures, so I suppose you can do with them." 44 You have had tenants since?" " Oh, yes. A broker had it for two or three years, and an agent had it for his office; but these things suited them." 41 All right. They will just suit me, I think." The rent he named was low, so I took the place, got the keys, and for the next few weeks was busy getting my premises into order, and transporting into the back room the miscel laneous collection of chemical stuffs and imple ments I had been accumulating for yeara. At length my furnace was going, my retorts bub bling, and some experiments in progress. At the end of a few days' constant woik in tho laboratory I achieved some results v; liicli I thought it necessary to chronicle with careful ness. Retiring to my study, which I had fur nished with a table, a couple of common chairs, and a book-shelf, I seated myself at tiie desk, laid out my papers, and proceeded to make copious memoranda. After having beeu so seated for about a quarter 01 an hour, a strange thing happened to me. I fell into a sort of trance. The walls of tlie room seemed to dissolve away, and I seemed to see into the interior of a quite different apartment, iu which the first thing that arrested my attention was the figure of a lovely young girl seated at a round table, with her eyes, it seemed to me, gazing intently into mine. She seemed to have been sowing, but her hands had fallen into her lap,. and she sat still as a statue, gazing. She was lovely ; but an attraction stronger than that of mere beauty seemed to drag my soul out towards her. I could hardly withdraw my eyes from her to glance round the room ui which sue was sitting. It seemed a moderately-sized sitting- room, furnished according to middle-class ideas of comfort. In one corner stood a sort of couch, 011 which some person was lying, but whose face I could not see. But before I could again fix my eyes upon the girl, something seemed to interpose, and I now only saw what I supposed to lie the outside of the house into which somehow I had been looking — a small, two-windowed cottage, with a narrow garden in front, a high road winding past, along which a waggon, loaded with bags of grain, was slowly moving, guided by a countryman in the unmistakable garb f an English labourer, and so distinct that I'cuuld read the name on the side- plate. There were trees in the distance, and a church spire. Then a dimness over all — a slight shock— and the wall of my own room, the desk, and the papers ! I got up in agi ation and walked up and down the room, wondering what it could meau. Surely I was the victim of seme extraordinary hallucination ! Something had gone wrong with the hrain, that delicate instrument of the mind. But that figure ! It seemed as if I had kuown her for years. I- went out with the intention, of calling on Ned Baxter — to whom I have already referred as the only friend l possessed— and laying the .matter before him. 1 did not, however, do so. I shrank with an unconquerable reluctance from speaking to anyone about my singular ex perience. But when the same thing occurred again and again at intervals of about tbreedays —always, too, wbea seated at iny desk— re vealing to me the same room, the s uae girl, the same outdoor scene, I could maintain silence no longer. Ned Baxter and I had been chums from boy hood. We were about the same age, and he waB a bachelor like myself. He was something connected with thelaw, and had chambers in the business part of the city. He was seated alone in Ms sanctum indulgiug in a cigar when I went in with the view of unburthening my mind to him. 41 Have you a few minutes to spare, Ned?" I asked. " I should think so ; too many of them. Clients are scarce. Draw in the consulting- chair. But what's the matter? You look as if you had seen a ghost." " I am not sure but I have." And deliberately, but not without much mental pain, I gave a circumstantial account of my last three weeks. At the close he seemed inclin ed to laugh, but cheeked Mmself. I knew what lie was going to say before he said it. "Something wrong here, old fellow," and he pointed, not to his forehead, but to Ms stomach. " You must come with me to Dr. Browu's and let Mm see your tongue." Eventuallyl consented. We proceeded together to Dr. Brown's consiilting-room, and found Mm fortunately disengaged. Then between us we made the doctor ac quainted t with the circumstances which had really led' to our visit. He listened silently and with rapt attention; After feeling my pulse and examining my tongue, he said : 44 There is nothing in your physical condition that would warrant me iu treating you for monomania ; but the brain is a strange — a mys terious organ. It works many abnormal pranks. Your condition in these— trances let us call them— is something like clairvoyan :e. I should like to see the room where the affections occurred." i'Letus adjourn thither at once, then," urged my friend Ned. I agreed, so we all tM-ee proceeded towards my laboratory. .Ashe went up the steps to the door, Dr. Brown ' cast his ej'es over the smoke-stained building. ". 44 You were always seated in this chair?" said he; when we had got inside. -i.'/jwaysJ y __ 1 down before the desk. . . " Let us have a smoke," said Ned: and we sat smoking and talking for about half an hour without anything unusual occurring with Dr. Brown. ' 44 Not en rapfior!,!. : murmured lie, as he got up. 4'.Ha, ha ! laughed Ned. ".Let me try it:" \--fit's no use." ' ' . ' The doctor was turning and examining the chair.' Aii iron bar led from the seat to a socket in tKe floor, in which it worked. " What is below ?" heasked. "A cellar?" 7, Not tliat I know of.' li e-ally don't know." ,, I had never had tlie door at the back end of . .the pastage open, so I coulfl say .nothing about' it. . . re ; "We'll soori see," said Ned, leading the way along the short passage, (aiming the key which stood' 'ini the lock, -and 'revealing a flight of about a dozeiisteps, terminating 011 a level with < the court. .'"We descended, ' and found the back' walla .dead mass' of grey stmie, excepting the oiie window which lighted my laboratory. At the foot of thephair, still, iiisicle the passage, . there was a blank piece of wall smoothly plastered over. We- were passing this oniretuniing from our inspection, when Ned struck it firmly : with his knuckles. . V ; , ' 'I Stop," said lie, and struck it again once or twice.1 re" Bring. ahnmmer, Auty." With the hammer lie struek the wall smartly , in several places, and at one part it gave back a distinctly hollow sound. . . " There is wood here. Have you a .chisel, Antv?" Tliis also I was able to supply, and with the hammer and chisel Ned, who wire now tlie lead- ingspirit, soon laid barea'navrow door , level with the stone lintels, apparently heavy, and securely locked. : How to open it was now the question. " The hinges look weak, "said Ned ; and with a few well-directed strokes he severed first one and then the other. Our united efforts prised the door open from the back. j 7 ' " All is darkness here," said Ned, as he peep ed in. A torch was improvised froma bunch of wax tapers and we all three went in. There was a narrow passage leading to the , left towards the front of the house, and ending in a square recess, which the flaring toi'ch lighted up fitfully, and this is what we saw. On a little round table a crystal bowl, almost full of a clear liquid, in which floated what seemed aBmall magnet, one of its poles touching a metallic wire, uhich ascended and dis appeared in the ceiling, just below where stood my study-chair ; and beside the bowl a small ebony box and on the top of the box a ring, from a large jewel in which the torchlight scin tillated. I had just lifted the box and ring, when Ned, exclaiming, 44 There is some devilry here ! " dashed the bowl from the table. With the sound of breaking glass there came a sensible shock, a commotion in the air, and total darkness. Our light had been extinguished. We hurriedly made our way to the door and up to my room, where we stood a few moments gazing in each other's faces. " What dees it all mean ? " It was Ned who spoke first. The doctor said nothing. I now recollected and mentioned what the landlord had told me about tho " queemess " of the original owner and some time occupier of the premises, and his peculiar provisions re garding the desk and chair. " You must got out of this," said Ned. 44 There is not the smallest reason now," said Dr. Brown. 44 If I am not much mistaken, the spell is broken. But you have something in your hand?" he sail to me. 44 These were on the table," I said, showing the box and ring. The ring was massive gold, ornamented 011 one side with the figure of an eagle, wings spread, and a large opal in its breast. The box was of ebony, the lid and sides covered with grotesque, carvings in relief. A quaintly-shaped silver key stood in the lock. We soon had it open, and this is what we found within: — A slip of paper scrawled over with writing, and underneath a bundle of papers tied together. Ned undertook to decipher the former, while I examined tho latter, which, to my astonish ment, proved to be bank-notes and foreign bonds to the total amouut of over twenty thou sand pounds. 44 What do you make of it, Ned ?" I asked, with increased anxiety. " 1 can make out some phrases," said he, "but other portions I would defy Old Nick himself, who seems to have a finger in our present pie, to make head or tail of." It was certainty the most atrocious piece of writing I ever set tny eyes 011. Entire lines were just a series of loops and turns which might meau oue thing as well as another. It was most provoking. Our combined skill could not pro duce a nearer guess at its contents than the fol lowing: — . . . power nearly gone . . . filled with re morse . . . know they are living, but cannot see them . . . last effort of skill . . . influence one in spiritual affinity . . . the ring and mouey . . . find them . . . give them ... The signature was composed of a number of twirls and dashes, of which nothing could be made. ! " What is to be done with the money ?" was Ned's next thought. 4: 1 must find them,'' said I. " Find whom ?" " Those to whom it belongs." " Who are they ?" " The young lady and the invalid I saw over and ov- r again iu my dream, or whatever you choose to call it." " Whew ! Then you think they are real, living beings ?" ' I am as sure of it as that I am a living being myself." " What do you think of him now, doctor ?" "Well, I am not inclined to make so light of what we have heard from our friend, and what we have seen ourselves, as you, Ned. 1 have witnessed some things wMcli perempt orily forbid that. Still I would counsel calm con sideration before engaging in what may prove, after all, a wild-goose clia3e, and that suggests that some link has been left out by the un known magnetiser. You have no clue whereby to discover the whereabouts of those in whose behalf we shall suppose you have been com missioned." Tin's had to be admitted. So without coming to any decision we went out together. Tlie next few days I spent endeavouring to discover something by moans of tlie bank- notes, but entirety' failed. Most of them were for large amounts, and proved to be quite genuine, which was so far quite satisfactory. After this I made an attempt to resume my usual course of life, but found it impossible. At last I shut up the place— first getting a trades man to plaster over the cellar door as we had found it and dropping a line to Ned to inform him of my resolution, 1 set out to search for the fair face which, do as I might, was ever rising before me. Besides my own overwhelming desire, I convinced myself that I had a trust to discharge, a duty to fulfil. A couple of months afrer wards I was again in the city', baffled and dejected. One daj-, after having somewhat recovered from the exhaustion of my fruitless search, I wandered into Ned's office. "Hallo, old fellow! Returned from your travels? What success?" cried Ni das he took m\r hand. I shook my head. "I say, you must give up that. You are wearing yourself to skin and bone. Dome over and sec Terry." At this moment he was called to the outer room. I sat down on the seat from which he had risen, and leant my arms on the desk. Aim lessly I turned over a letter which was lying face downwards, and the name at the foot seemed to strike me in the forehead like a bullet. I was not at first conscious why it did so, and a few moments elapsed before the mean ing Hashed upon me. "Jonathan Crump!" Why, that was the name on the country waggon I saw 011 one occasion passing along the road beside which my ilrcam-cottage stood. I glanced! at tho top of the sheet — " Greendale !" Yes, I was almost sure that this was my Jonathan Crump. " Ned," I cried, the moment he entered, "where is Greendale? Who is Jouathan Crump?" "Jouathan Crump is a sort of client, or at least con- espon-.lent of mine regarding apiece of business I have got the arranging of ; hut I have never seen Mm. Where Greendale is I realty do not know." 44 Whore is your gazetteer?" "Oh, you need not search there. It is, I be lieve, merely thenauie of a farm-steading. But stop — it cannot be far from C .where I have observed all his letters to be posted." " And where is C ?" " In Devonshire." I seized a gazetteer and a "Brudshaw," and soon had my route chalked out. " What's the matter now? "Where away so suddenly ?" cried Ned as I was rushing out. " I will tell you again, Ned. Good-bye." I could not bear to speak of my new hope, which, after all, might end in a now disapnoint- ment. The next afternoon I was walking up the main street of the village or town of C— — to- ward t.lie post office. " Can you direct me to a farm-steading called Greendale ?" I asked of the postmaster when I u," imi/lJliffij— re.. : four miles straight out west from this." It was a fine autumn afternoon, and I set out to walk the distance. From Jonathan Crump I trusted to learn in what direction he was in the habit of sending waggons loaded with grain or flour ; if possible, whore in particular on that day, about four mouths ago; which I had carefully calculated and noted. The influence of the pure air and mild sun shine calmed tlie fever of my blood, and re- strung my jaded nerves. I felt better and hap pier than I-had done for months before. I was - indulging in dreams of a happy sequel to my adventure, when, on lifting my eyes as I rounded a sharp bend in the road, there stood the picture before me — the landscape of my dream ! The scene which had so long been only "a vision of my mind," was, after all, an actually existing concrete reality. There, not a hundred paces . from me, was the little two- ivindowed cottage, with the narrow garden in front ; still further away the clump of trees, overtopped by the church spire. My heart stood still, and my knees literally "knocked together " at the sight. Mastering mv emotion, I resolutely advanced, walked in at the wicket- gate, and knocked at the door. I was not the least astonished— in fact, it was just what I expected— when the door opened, and I stood face to face with the young lady of my visions. I knew her at once — her features were too in delibly printed on my memory. My appear ance seemed to startle her in some unaccount able manner, when an elderly woman came forward, to whom I explained that I wished to see her mistress 011 a matter of business. " Oh, you want Mis3 Beatrice." Beatrice ! That was her name, then. Recovering herself instantly, Beatrice, as I may now call her, led the way mto the room- — the room, just as I had seen it — in one corner the couch, which was now, however, empty. . . 44 Nan, yo 1 may leave us," she said ; for the woman was lingering, and regarding me with some suspicion. "She then turned her eyes inquiringly 011 me — the same blue, melting eyes, and almost the same wondering appealing look. I took out the box and the ring, and laid them on the table preparatory to the telling of my story. I did not know how to begin. ' 44 My mother's ring ! " she suddenly ex claimed, eagerly lifting and examining the one Ihad laid down. " Or " And she hastily opened a drawerih the cabinet, brought out and " laid beside nig ring another, identical in ap pearance — " my father's ! " ' 4 "Who was your father ? " 44 First tell me how you became possessed, of thisring." . I slowly, and amid many interrupting ex- . clamations and interrogations, went over the circumstances already related, and finished by laying btfore her the scribbled note and the paper representatives of twenty thousand pounds. (Would to heaven I had twentyr thousand farthings ! It would he the saving ot me.) . At the close she touched a spring in one or the rings — her ring — when the breast of the eagle opened and displayed the miniature of a noble-looking man in the prime of life, the countenance being altogether the most im- pre:Eive I had OTer seen ; and performing the same oneration with my ring, she showed it to contain the portrait of a beautiful woman, young, and- strikingly like herself. 41 These," she said' 44 are my father and my mother as they were in happy days that I can not remember. Often have 1 heard my mother say that they had rings precisely alike, con taining their portraits, as you see, and that my father considered them a unique pair." "That is enough," I said ; " you have proved that of which I had no doubt. _ I recognised in your mother and yourself the rightful owner of the ring and the contents of the box." " No, no," she said ; "I cannot take all that money, though I firmly believe my father placed the papers there and sent them to my mother. But" — and tears filled her eyes — "I have just lost my mother ; it can never benefit 7it-z." I impulsively took her hand. She gently with drew it, and said : — "Now, in return, let me tell you my story, some things in wMch, if they do not altogether explain, may throw some light on yours." ' ' My father's name was Martin Schwarzberg, and my mother's Beatrice Allen. I hardly re member my father. My clear idea of Mm must have been derived from Ms portrait in tlie ring, and my mother's frequent talks about Mm. He was a German, and was in this country pro secuting some inquiries in connection with the study which engrossed hiin — that of animal magnetism — when he met my mother. The con sequence was a mutual passion. They were married, and he settled here. They enjoyed, my mother said, for a year or two unclouded felicity, when he began to develop a spirit of jealousy which threatened to destroy their happiness. He got the reputation of having seized upon certain secrets of nature more firinty thau any oilier man, which brought around him many people interested in the same questions as himself. Concerning one after another of these, with whom ray mother could not nvoid coming in contact, he indulged in tits of the most ground less suspicion'. A period of alternating misery and happiness, in which days of violent anger and upbraiding were succeeded by intervals of contrition, was brought to a climax, one day when,- in a storm of passion, he left her, - swearing he would never look upon her face again. And he never did. 44 My mother, thus deserted, made some attempts to trace him ; but she had often been so overcome with dread of him, and so disliked his associates and pursuits — which, as I have said, were of a mysterious nature, bearing upon tho occult powers by which one mind can in fluence another — that she acquiesced the more easily in her ill-success. The cruel part was that, she was left with very slender resources. I was hut a child then, but ever since I can re member wo had to live in small houses, and my mother had to do needlework to assist in main taining us. She managed herself to give me a good education, and, since growing up, I have been able by art-work to lighten her. burden considerably. Ilev small independent income has died with her, and I am just now consider ing what I had best do in iny changed circum stances." ' ' You may now cease, of course, to be anxious on that point," I remarked. "Well, I have now to relate some personal experiences"— and here she smiled and blushed . — "almost the counterpart of your own, and which will explain the manner in which I re ceived you at the door. Iu the spring What did you say was the date of your first dream or vision I gave her the date. She opened a small memorandum hook, and, after consulting it, continued : " On that very same day I was sitting sewing at this table, in y mother resting 011 her couch, when all at once I Beemed to fall into a dream state. I use the phrase for want of a better to > describe any sensations. Intervening obstacles seemed tolosetlieir solidity, and fur away at the end of a vista, yet so distinct as to give the feeling of nearness, I saw a face gazing at me with — as if Well, with an earnest, friendly gaze. How long this lasted I cannot tell, but grad ually tlie face dimmed, the vista closed, and with a shiver I found myself sitting as before, with the work in my hands, and the room every way the same. Several times thereafter this recurred at intervals of about three days, and then the visitations ceased as unaccountably as they had begun. The face I saw was yours, so you may well believe that when I met you I was rather startled. Yet I had come to tlnnk of you as a friend." 44 Pray continue to think of me as such," I interjected. " And was not so much surprised as might be supposed at finding you to be a substantial reality, and not a mere phantom of the brain." " And, now," she added, " I have just to thank you sincerely for all the trouble you have been at ou our — ou my account. I am very glad, to get the ring." " You think, then, that it must have been your father who occupied my place of work some teu years ago and wrote these words?" "It could he 110 other person. I have seen his signature to other papers, and though more distinct, they much resembled this." 44 Having got the clue, I think I can trace the letters, and form them into Martin Schwarz berg." " But that money ! You must at least take a large share of it." "Certainly not. I will, however, if. you wish, take charge of it in the meantime, and see you again soon. Where will 1 he likely to get a lodging near for a day or two? Is there no place nearer than C ?" She hesitated, and then said : ' "I think at Jonathan Crump's — along the lane wMch strikes to the right after you pass the lodge gate." : " ! I found Jonathan Cramp's, but instead of pestering Mm wilb questions about his waggons, r I merely asked for a bed. A comfortable bed- room, at a moderate rent, was placed at my dis posal as long as I chose to occupy it. And now ensucJa few weeks wliicli proved the most blissful of my life. Each succeeding day found me besideBeatrice, the " love dream" rapidly becoming a sweeter reality. Sometimes I sat beside her : in the " dream-room," sometimes we rambled. - together amid the beautiful scenery , of the neighbourhood, taking at first .of . her plaus for the future, then of the past, and then of any thing that suggested itself. The , raoie I knew her the more 1 loved her. Ifound \- bflrnUSitli'eL. was Jigreeable and her mind as : figure graceful. '. " Atlength one day I Baid to her : . . . .- o You rememheryou wished me to share that money with you ?" ' - "Yes — yes — and — i " Aud I refused. Whatif I now say that l ea am willing?" / - !"-. " It would please me very much." 44 But what if I add a condition ?" 44 What?" 44 That I get its owner along with it." . . , , She needed not to speak to let me know that " ' ; ihy condition was accepted. We have now spent many happy years as huBband and wife, and often talk over the Ktrimo.fi and mvsterious occurrences wMch. brought us together. — Weekly Budget. 