-„.top.y <» i buccaneer. I lU" . : ' B7 I ANGUS B. BEACH. - I «IAFTI® ixw-(Co!TINUfD . . I e itonlv tho witoh stopped, andBnaaea I < Soaooniy her ong flowing hair, I at tho sky. In tho next I of lightning— so bright that 1 ponert 9 "TT. pj tho gnlloy, except the I era?03 ",. dazzled nnd bUnded hy tho I &» out of tho dark hoavons ; struok I giire-l» t of tho galloy ; and with a I of aU the artillery in tho I «4iSoI fa ono salvo, passed gleaming I """tin wood, shaking the ship as I u had been lifted a hundred foot, I fallowed to fnU splash into tho sea. I »Silo=ion was followed by a tlnok I 'LSusmoko, whioh seomed to come I #ous „t 0f the inmoBt recesses of I fSer nnd while the crew, blinded nnd R !j Asking in the yellow sulphurous I eroping about tho deck, they K fhe loud screaming laughter of the B followed by tho croak of the ravens Tuvth the smoko or mist gradually I 'iJj .Mr. nndas it did so, and tho men I ' their oyesight, they saw Tronda I f SMual on the poop, with her old k'lMSW' «d' - Her first conn®1 woro"r- -. I' that- carrion into tho sea, nnd: I IV, fact of tho mainmust, whore lay tho body I Site man of whom tho witch spoke. Ho f tel teen straok by tho lightning, eom- I iL hut there was neither soaith nor soar I mm his Jiesh, only on tho forehead a small I rSd biuo spot. So the marinors lifted up fie body, and whilo it was yet wann plunged iterertlie sido. It sunk feet first, and as I fieteed disappeared, tho orow thonght that I a, Jeadface frowned. I "ibat night Tronda sat alone m hor I obin beneath tho bronze lamp, as alio had I to when her victim entered. Tho crystal I lirnpon the table as before. AU at oneo tie flame of tho lamp flashed high up, I ud then sank down into tho bronze, I to fiat tho cabin was almost in I darkness, and tho two ravens fluttered and I troiW. Tronda lifted np her head, and | lifH face becamo as tho face of a statuo I umdoutof blue and grey marble, for be- I toher.standiugashohad already done that " Jsr, was the form of Torquil Banda, with lbs blue spot upon his forehead where the I ijhtning had struok it. I "Thero was eilonee for tho space of a I sannte, and then tho form of TorquU spoke. I ">1 am scat from tho dead, it said, 'to I jirSToa a last warning.' I a 'iletura to thoso who sent you,' aniswered I fhewitch ; 'I takono warnings.' I "'Ism bid toteU you,' said the tipirit, I 'fist tho measure of your iniquities is | Kirijrfnll.' I " The witch of Lapland roso erect, and I simd confronting tho apparition. n 1 1 have no fear of aught, either dead or Bring spirit or flesh,' she replied. ' Get you gone, er I will call up the spectres of tho I winds, who will ohase you to the uttermost I ends of tho earth.' I "Tho figaro of Torquil Banda gave a sad I smile, and stretching forth its bund, touched I tho msgio crystal, which immediately I (tumbled into black dust. ' Tho powers I thich ore given to me,' said the spirit, 'are I pater than yours.' I "Troada's frame shivered aB she saw this, I htiholost no wit of countenanoe, and looked I : la terrible visitant steadily in the face. I '" There will bo given you one last oppor- I - taity,' the apparition said. ' Will you re- |.;pti' : I«tj!"No!'-8aid tho witirh of Iaipland. i'Tho flgnfe of Torquil Banda, grow less Kyrilpa.(lis!jcpt,miid .as -it.'rfi.mpptared,- the- It fane ot the lamp brightened - up again,- aud- Ir. the nveco, which had nestled, at Tronda's I;' feet flow baok to' their perches on her | .-V chirr. : r "The next day, the galley. meanwhile Snot far from Cape Xiberoon, in His? la, there came on hoard, In a small I tsnoe, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship- I rata, to havo hardly life iu her to olimb up I us low sido of tho galley. This girl.wasof I ,l i beauty rarely soon upon the earth, but I fiooo who looked upon the bright red spot in I kr white cheek, nnd tho sickly flash of her I fre testing eyes, knew that there was I tufly a month's life flickering in her bosom ; I m fie went slowly into tho cabin, and fell oponher knees before tho witch. I ' '"Mother,1 she said, ' I am dying fast, I jjTOucaa see. I have a lover, my betrothed. nets coming across the ocean to bid mofare- I i ' "night live to seo him ! I tee little gold, but what I have, grant him lMr breeze, that his ship may come to land I hhh »aud ntay give tip my- spirit "So earing, tho Spanish girl held forth a weeof gold the sizo of a walnut. Tronda: MM opened her mouth to speak, when : a ttw wonma ontored the cabin. She was «Wfl and haughty dame, - and as she waved tho dying girl a smile, like that of a XsPaM£ 0Ter hor ,nco- Her cheeks W and hor eves glanced with tho fire" of ' lacvli 'i younger girl started X,?- , naP6ot, and then sunk, all sobbing, upon the floor. ' "it ? epoko thus— S,v.. ,tliat woman. She is my rival. Wtes wonfrommo tho man I love. I would t thoir meeting She is poor, hut I am htlUn i n'inrva v Whlotl will keep buck ii #iv i 0 no moro.' mJ T ' < shipmates, tho woman laid I . «P» fto table a lump of virgin- ore, as 2, f- » cocoa-nut. The other girl .notung, but still hold out her . tween », Ironda Btood be- I &Voll; mu8!,n5- At Mt, sho took : "M'Slather'feet. PPd i4 into tho Sreut I aid to til;!1? '"'y0 ,a baffling wind,' she U dying relnf" n P1Q Poor Sirl. who I Ili tl! !!'1 an,d paasod out weep- r down with careful |';kd ?Lat V1® fflomont when ' Tronda ot-„, dooision, tho sudden I'rlWagh tin. „ sounding wind passed r laboured , the galley rocked I W smote her <n.US ln 3avi8.lb, band I 'Using In .v. ' - , w'foh remained long << M n, 0ln, until, hearing tho dash Pfl«r was w.e"t deck. Tho I «nbatk0d >, v 1 Bml ttle whole crow, I 'sad, ,111. ?J®' Z0T Pah'ng fist for dNcdasi, fl?, horizon was again I bluing ((0„ ,?b?on when tho witch drew I Ji® the noon ri i .avcn,s- Tronda mounted: I i!""® tno fnitblf 8trotched forth hor arms, Hhll unoS tT Cr- ?vhon hor y« Bud" I 2j| bcneaOi ,?onlul.l.atanding as ho had ,lrncl: him rnmaat when tho levin Skied with M1-1 she foroboro, and a! 868 leW J10?3' SazW into I Su that i w . was remark- I if . goilov l„f.WvCn 0 wholo orow I ft. '""'"di Bha « ir afc ono' ina'end I ffiisnda.a ? atiU' deeP« in I SvWa llcayy swell began to I Wed with asSS?11 Bb!P robed and I "then "I trnnu:0 s'ckly motion. I W'pon thon!!Br POftont. Tronda I 1? » sudden ou B'10 started I &, ,.nS end snrn.ig of foefc' nnd a I. aU around hor. I nl 'y a »holo |Ur- ib from every I C' eldlhrL1!81011, rats-young I: C '8 fort?®3- , and grey — all of I into .? 8ing wuv 8', of the vossol, and I SJ. T ««>, whlv a W shrill squeaking I fe he aUaa„"?e0di!lydo«ed witS I "norrfly to I tedtojjs0' Tornui) n . aaped overboard, I nested tho?iShnda 8 ' Bft,y aft I te,l'lip-''And Mi. fisuro' . ' ieavo a I- float hi tC ho ?Pbe, the gaUey I: M rS1? 'han over «?? m9re heavily I . JJuhiJWing bUlo'w j tho swolls rose I' lhn1nd hnrUodJ i-Jbo moan of : a I 'hicj, Wronted'thn „ ar ')be sea. Still I' 'ChS8!.® ciiAaPPa"t>on with a lip I ' ' 'and an eye which the bronze sepulchral lamp whioh burns beneath, although it was guarded by monsters nnd potent spells. What art'thou, then, that onpiii whose veins runs the blood of such a liero, should tremblo and quako before thco?' But tho apparition said — " ' I como from a power whioh is mightier than that of Odin and of Thor, and I am commissioned to pronounco to thoo tho doom thou , ahnlt undergo as a punishment for thy wicked sorceries, oven until tho end of time.' " At that there roso a mighty wind, nnd tho galley started away boforo it. In vain Tronda bado tho elements to coaso their strife — in vain slio knelt upon tho poop, and, with her drenched hair nil streaming iu the tempest, sunghermagio rhymes, and soroamed out her most potent oharms. The winds blew, and tho clouds lowered, and tho waves rose, unhoedful of hor spells; and so at last bIio started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice — " 'Alas ! alas ! my power is gone from mo, and the elements obey mo no more !' " At those words thoro was a fluttor nnd a croak, and the ravenB, flying from the cabin, soared up into tho tompest-tossed air, wheel ing round nnd round tho rocking masts of the labouring Bhip. " ' And you too,1 said Tronda, looking up at thom, ' leave me !' "The sentence, comrades, whsnosoonor Bpoken than the foul birds darted off, each hiB -.separate way, and wore speedily lost iu the darknesH, -Then the .. Sturm, .burst: oilt witii/allvits f uryT ;.' Had it; been-'a barquo manned by mortals, thdgalloy would not havio lived an.' hour in that' son ; but enclumtmont kept, it afloat until it hud finished i:s destined course.- For somo space tho Lap land witch nnd the figure of Torquil Ennda were the only forms visiblo in tho ship. But as tho night fell and the darkness grow intonso pale flashes of lightning Hhowed troops of phantoms upon tho deck, who worked the ropes and sails ns mariners in a gnlo. These shapes, comrades, wore thospirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her incanta- tions hud drowned. But still the witch stood oreet and fearless through all this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to tho gala, and flashing all around hor wild groy eyes. The figuro of Torquil stayed over by hor side. "At length, comrades, in tho thick of the roaring tornado, with all tho gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting on the declc amid tho flying spray and foam, thoro was shouted from tho prows, in a voice which boomed like tho tones of a church boll, ' Land.' "At this tho spectre of tho Norse mariner turned to Tronda, nnd said— '"Now hear your doom. 1'rom this time forth you will haunt tho oape on whioh we are driving ; and thore you will havo power ovor tho winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the courso of" mariners'; but yat, for every moment of timo a ship is hindered on hor course, will you pass a year of toruient, such as it is not in che breast of man to con ceive. And this shall last- oven to tho day when tho sea shall give up its dead.' " In a moment after, mates, the golloy was crushed into splinters, and riot a vestige of hor, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, woro over seen by man. But Tronda, the ovil spirit of Cape Morant, still haunts that desolate beach and these Btormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid- watches, the.mnrincr has oanght a glimpse of her pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the soud of the storm, with her arms tossed above her head, aB though she were still singing tho ohaunt which raised wind and waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her ; but I havo heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, iri a night of storm, clinging to tho end of the bowsprit furiing.a spUt sail, behold;; tho,. arioierit. I'aqp, -ofirih'ohag;''TvitH-hor gfcjrfishy- ejfesTpokinS:' into hls.own, arid -who catrib near letting go hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the" boiling sea below. . But ho managed to make his way, all pale, and shaking, on hoard the ship, where he told what he had witnessed ; and oertain old men of the crew said it was a most evil omen, and that either the Bhip would ho lost, or he who saw the appearance would bo drowned.. Now, word boing passed through the Bhip of what had happened, it came to tho oars of the stoat-hearted admiral himsolf ; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of tho main oabin. " ' What is this, I hear, men, says he, — that' one of you has been frightened hy a demon ? " ' It was the devil, Sir Francis 1' said .the sailor, by name James Gilbert. "'And what if it were?' quoth the admiral. ' He is but a coward. If ho Bbows -his face to yon again, , pluck tho grisly fiend by the beard. Tho devil fears all who do not fear him.' , "But for all these bold words of tho admiral, the old sailors woro right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was hound, Gilbert was flung from tbo loo foretop- sail yard-arm into tho Bea. After the first plunge, he nover -came to the surface, and ' the old sailors, know that what had happened was in consequence of liis having Been the demon who haunts Point Jlorant." ' . ' CHAPTER XXVII. WHAT HAPPENS ABOAKD THE ' SAUCY BD9AN — AND THE ENDINO OF HEB AND HEU CREW. Three days after wo hoarded tho Sauoy Susan, I was tho look-out man during a dark mid-watch. The wind was fresh, tho sea high, and wo woro plunging rapidly along ; tho sails straining and surging, and the masts and rigging oraoking with tho pressure. I was standing on the heel of tho bowsprit, with my arm round tho forestay to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and atoopiDg as I bast could to avoid tho cold showers of brine whioh our sharp bows tore up, when somo ono pulled my doublot, and, looking round, I saw Rumbold. " Is there any ono about ?" quoth he ; " I want to speak to you privately. 'V But tho breeze, although it blew strong, was steady, and the watch lay dozing.andor the lee of the long-boat botweon the miiats. "My mind misgives me," says Rumbold, presently, " that thoyhavoa design on mo. That fellow Nixon wntohos evory motion as a cat does a mouse. I know that Jerry, Lo Chiffon Rouge, and he, are aware that I havo pearls about me, aud 1 go in constant dread. Did you seo tho three rogues to- day, how long and how earnestly they talked, and what sly glances they, every ono of them, throw at me? Itwasticklish workliving among the Spaniards at tho Rio do la Ilacliii, but I warrant you I fool novor a bit moro comfortable among my countrymen bore." I inquired whei Jerry, tho Captain, and Nixon wero ? Rumbold roplied, that thoy were all throo drinking in the groat cabin, and that being pretty far gouo, ho had been ablo to slip out to seek mo. "Now," quoth he, "I don't intend that thoso rascals shall have my pearls, if I can keep thom — and what ib more, I don't intend that they shall havo thom, ovon although I may not be ablo to keep them— they shall go into tho sea, which thoy came out of, first." I said, that suroly tho fellows would not murdor liim for his wealth. "Woll," ho answered, thoy would not murder, if thov could steal without it — but if thoy can't, I do riot suppose that a throat or so out would make muoh difference." Upon this I roplied, heartily shaking Rumbold's hand at the samo time, — " You helped tno, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Perhaps, I can help you now — will yon entrust the pearls. -to ine?' . « . " My good follow,' says Rumbold, with great eagerness, "that is preoiaoly tho favour X oamo to ask of you." And with that, ho fumbled in his bosom, nnd presently drew out. a sort, of flat pouoh, made of thin hut tough leather, with straps whioh buokled round the body;, "Wo both looked eagerly to see that wo were not ob served, but not a soul'bould bo wen stirring upon deok. A lantern, swinging, from the weather foreshrouds, cast a Auwgloam "Hush !" says he, softly. . " Tho pearls uro in this pouch — thoro is a good thousand pounds worth— strap tho belt tightly round you, under your clothes, the first time you have an opportunity. If you dolivcr it up to mo safoly at Jamaica, a third of the profits shall bq yours — if anything happens to mo, I mako youmylcgatoo — keep pouch and pearls,- and mako the best of them." Ho had hardly made tho transfer when a shadow glided darkly between us and the lantorn. Wo both ruBhcd aft as far as tho foromast und pried oagorly about ; hut not a creature was to bo seen. "Bah ! " said Rumbold, " it was only tho light, swinging with the ship as she rolls." But ray own belief was that somo ono had glidod across tho deck and . mounted tho weather fororigging. I had not timo', how- ovor, to commuuicato ray thoughts to Rum bold whoa wo' hoard loud voices and saw n glimmering of lights aft, and immediately Jerry camo forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good sea-legs, ' and dinging to tho rigging, when tho ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. "Farewell — tako care !" exclaimed Rum bold. " I must not bo scon hero." So saying, ho slid over to lcowiu-d, and "crept aft, under tho black shadow of tho sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking tho lantorn from tho forcrigging, grasped my shoulder, arid asked mo— in a tliiok voice and with a hiccup— whether nil was. well ? I roplied iri the aflirmativo, upon which ho steadied himself onitlie deck as well a8.ho.qould,Jorid hogan'tohnm ovor a' song to hiiriseHj'/Jometimcs stopping to put tho samo question to mo, half a dozen times ovor, Rftor tho manner, of a drunken mini, when, all at onco, tho ship giving a violent l«o-lurcli, ho was pitched bodily against the bulwarks, and at tho samo moment a heavy marliog- spilce fell with a crash from tho rigging, tearing up white splinters in tho deck. : Had it not been for that luoky lurch, that sharp and pondeions iron would have claittho mute's head. All this happened in a moment, but tho weapon had hardly struck the deck, whon Jerry bounded to his iegs, and with a tro- mondous oath, that thoro was treachery Bofno- whoro, caUod to mo to go aloft in tho weather- rigging, while ho took tho lee. Tho dangor ho had escaped seomed to havo sobered tho mate at onoe. I sprang into the tightened shrouds, half bewildqred' nt tho thing, - while Jorry screamed to me, from tho opposite rigging, to look sharp and tako caro of a knife-tliruat, for he was certain it was that vUlainous Portagueo dog who had flung tho marlino spiko. Up wo both wont into tho rooking rigging. Wo climbed over tho rail of tho forctop ot tho some moment, and I saw that Jorry hold the barrel of a small pistol between his teeth. " Tho murthcring rogue 1 " ho cried. "Bat ho has made his last cast. Either ho or I go down on that deck a dead man 1 " "Wo both looked up to thb heel of tho top gallant mast. Tho white canvas was tug ging, nnd straining upon tho bonding yard, and tho loose loo-rigging was rattling against tho mast nnd sail. " There he is — thoro's tho thief " Jerry roared, nnd wo bath sprung into tho topmast rigging. Holding on by tho topgallant yard, I discerned a blaok figure, like a shadow, against tho light-colourod canvas. All at once I saw its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry, shouted — "Dovil confound him — he has sent his knife into my shoulder," and immediately stopped, grasping the shronds as though he feared to foU. Knowing now that the Portu guese had no knifo, . I sprang rapidly up the shrouds to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw above me, orouohed upon tho yard, the form of Yasco — his grim face gazing at mo, and his hands clonehod as though he was determined to sell his, lifei as deqriy as he -corildi> Thei-noxc momoriti-woj'had grappled-' together— neither of us spoke— but tho Por tuguese attempted to soizemy throat with his teeth; I oanght him, however, bv his hair, and wreuohed his hand baokwnrds, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and' so overpower him. But tho creature, although ho had no strength to copo with me, was as litho and Blippory as an col, and sud denly striking mo a blow between tho oyeB, which made abandonee of lights danco boforo them — I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and olosing upon my windpipe. In tho instinativo straggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at tho same instant, a snddon and tre mendous swing through tho air, as tho ship rolled violently below, made mo clutch tho ropes about me, or I should havo been Snug off into tho sea, liko a stono from a sling. At that moment the grasp upon my throat re laxed, — arid with a lithoncss nnd agility, whioh woro like tho qualities of a monkey and a snake united in ono creature — tho Portuguese slid, ns it woro, from mo, upon tho main- royal stay, orawling and worming himself along towards tho other mast. But Jerry, who had by this 'timo recovcrod tho first faintness from his cut, kept his eyo steadily upon tho rogue, for I calling out that ho was oscaping to tho mainmast, tho mato replied — " Ay, ay,' I seo him 1" and, then, stoadily taking nim, tho oxplosion of tho. pistol ro-oohoed loudly, from sail to sail, and the Portuguese suddenly dropping liis legs from tho stay, hung to it by his hands only. " Stnnd from under," shouted Jorry, " and allow the villain to drop clear. Ho has stabbed me as he did Shambling Nod." Yasco uttered no sonnd, bat ho raised his logs again, Booking hy a mighty effort to recover his position upon tbo rope. His feet had. indeed, touched it, whon the muaoles relaxed again, and ho hung as before by his hands, swingimr dreadfully with tho motion of tho ship. All this timo Jorry was clutch ing tho fororigging, not having moved sinco the knifo of tho Portuguese struck liim. The watch upon deck having been aroused by Jorry's orios, nnd tho report of tho pistol, were running to-nnd-fro with lanterns, nnd Bomo of thom were ascending tho rigging towards us, whon Jerry roarodout again — " Stop — Btop, every mother's son of you, wlioro you are till tlio follow falls, and then stand by to pitoh him overboard. The Portuguese . board this, for ho turned round his lioail to Jorry; and I saw his whitb teoth, as tho wrotoli grinned in his agony. Tho mate answered this look with a loud laugh. "Somo of you there below," ho oricd, " go into tho groat oabin, bring up a flagon of wino — nnd we'll drink to tho murthoring dog's speedy arrival in boll. ' ' Tho Portuguese now lot go hold of thoropo with his right hand— and then, as if to re serve his strength, hung for awhile with tho loft. I did not think that thb mau would have had such enduranoo in him, but ho was of a light weight, and tho musoles of his arms woro strong. All this timo ho novor uttered a sound. Jerry, too, hold his peace, and tho orow bo- low waited in silence, with thoir lanterns glimmering on deolc. There was something very solemn in all this — the straggling and tossing ship— tho rigid figuros of the sonmon tho silence, oxcept for the wind and waves, and the writhing creaturo waving in tho air. At length, ho uttored ono loud shrill ory of mortal agony, whioh oohood again and again botweon tho sails, and immediately aftorwards dropped liko a_ stono. I heard tho hoavy thump with which ho orashed down.upon the deok. Doscending as quiokly ns I oould I found that Jorry, in spito of his wound, whioh wns, howovor, only a flesh out, was standing ovor tho Portuguese, who lay all doubled up whore ho fell. " Up with tho hound, and ovor tho sido with him to tho sharks !" said Jorry, in a low storn voioe. Immediately tho poor wrotoh Was plucked from tho deok, and four sturdy follows boro him to tho bulwarks,. Ho gave no sign of life ; hut just as thoy heaved him up for tho fatal swing, .the lanterns boing all gleaming around him, I saw. him, his eyes still shut„mako tho sign of tho cross upon his forehead. Ho was, thorofore, still allvo; "Ono!" cried Jerry. . . .. Tho four exoouiloribrs, who seomed to like the job - well, gavo . tho wretoh a swing. ' !«'«, - oVorv one hoard for a moment, and lio moro, "suoh a cry as ho -uttered just boforo ho fell from the rigging. Then his voice wns choked' for over. \ . I could hardly deny but that tho Portu guese; merited his fate ; but tho flinging overboard of a living man, 'without form of trial br qondemnation,. aeomcd a liaaty and crael 'deed. Nevertheless, riono of tho orow, except myself, appeared to bo of that opinion, and mo3t of them said openly that it was a very good riddance, and that whether ho had ntteraptod the life of the mate or not,' hp was better in tho sea than in tho ship. As'for Jorry, ho had his wound — which was, as I have said, a flesh out on tho shoulder— rubbed with brandy, and seemed to think no moro about tho matter. When my wqtch was up, I went below in no merry mood ; and, presently, found an opportunity, whilo lying in "my ham mock, which swung among near twoscoro of similar sleeping places, to disposo of tho poaris as Rumbold had recommended. The grey light of tho morning was coming down tho hatchway, and I hnd not yet slopit, for tlio end of tho wrotehed Portuguese was still iu my head, wliou thoro was suddenly a great thumping o.vor head on deck, and on outcry for all hands to turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this surnmonB, tho sudden rousing of all the sloopcrs in tho ship — how, in a moment, grim heads start out of tho warm blunkots, and a whole legion of ; stalwart nakod logs como down, together, from a score of swinging hammocks upon tire- dock.-/ Bnt a sailor' is noon dressod ; and, accordingly, two minutes had not gone by since I lay in my hammock, when I was at my post, staring over tho weather how at a small sloop, built very low, and which socmcd to sail very quickly, whioh wns running nlong with us, leaning over before tho breeze, so that wo could seo almost tbo wholo of her decks,' upon which about half- a-dozen of sailors wero running with sleepy scored looks, while the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upou tho sea. I saw that a mist, almost as thick lis that in 'whioh we had stumbled upon tho " Sauoy Susan," wis just lifting from 'tho water, and driviug in vapour volumes " beforo the wiiid. In appeared that the mist had partially, dispersed just boforo all hands wore roused up, and that tho look-out liad direotly spiod tho sloop, oloso to windward of us. If thero had boon less wind nnd son, oar small friend would very spoedily have shown us his stern, for tlio sharp bow's and rounded sides of the vessel wero evidently formed for quick sailing; but tho heavy tumbling ridg03 of sea hove him so to leeward that ho had no chance with a moro powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Rouge, mounting into the weathcr-mizcn rigging, trumpet in hand, hailed to tho sloop to surrender ; and Jerry, in a breath, roared oat to know if tho gang forward were all ready. " She is a harco longo— a Spanish express boat, comrades," ho shouted ; " and we must overhaul hor dospatchcs beforo wo part com pany." ; Still tho captain of tho sloop made iio sigh, standing very staunchly by tho steersman; and conning his ship. Once ho motioned to tho latter to put tho helm down, as , if ho; intended suddonly to luff, and go round on tho other tnok ; but changing His mind, ho glanced at our sails, and continued his courso. Lo Chiffon Rougo again - hailed the Bloop to surrondor, but still without effect, and I observed that in a tompornry lull of the brcozo sho was beginning to draw away, from tbo ship. Then the buli-liko voico of Jerry thundered out along tho deck— " The first gun ready thore — sond your cold iron aboard of hiin !" J osiph Ward was tho captnin of the cannon by which I was stationed. His old.dira eyes' flashed up at the notion of n fray ; and so, stooping ovor tho gun . and sheltering the priming from tho wind with his trombling hand, he glanced warily along tho mass of iron ria it pointejLnpwjipJo. the , zoni£h..iio.w.. down" to tho-btllows, acoordirig'totho motion of thb ship, nnd at length snddonly dashed the burning end of a rope, whioh served for a fusee, into tho powder in the pan, which flashed up, . while the hollow iron belched forth its flame, and started baok with the ex plosion, the carriage cracking and tho ta'oklcs rattling through tho blocks, until tho dis charged cannon lay near the centre of the dook, its grimed mouth yot hot and smoking. Tho discharge was a luoky one. Tho ball tore a holo in tho mainsail of tho sloop, and jastthon a gust flying heavily over tho sea, tho canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, hursh shriek, and blow fluttering . in rags out of tho bolt-rope. "Back tho main topsail," cried Jerry. " Tho run is taken out ot liim." . But just as tho yard Bwuug round, tho captain of tho sloop mado but ono leap down into his cabin, the skylight of which was open, nnd directly ro- appc-arod, carrying in his hand a small metal box or casket. Ho had not takon a step upon tlio deok, when I hoard the report of a oarabino from our ship, and the Spaniard "leaped throo foot into tlio air, and fell in u heap upon tho deck, abovo his harden. "That is tho dospatoh box," quoth old Ward. " Ho inoant to fling it into tho soa, but Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him." Just then Lo Chiffon Rougo hailed in good Spanish that if any ono of tbo orow of tho sloop dared to meddle with tho box, he would hang overy ono of them up to tho peak of their own vossol. - At that the Spanish sailors hastily rotirod in a body to tho bows of the sloop, and our storn boat being manned, was lowered doxtorouBly into tho sea, a man standing at bow and stern to unhook.tho taeklos as she touched tho water. Nixon bad tho command of the boat, aud pulled right aboard tho sloop, tho crew offer ing no resistance. Tho first thing ho did when ho got on dock was to wronoh tho despatch box from tho grasp of tho Spanish captain, who had been shot through tho body, and was dying fast. Tho poor follow lay in his blood upon tbo dock, coughing from timo to timo, and sputtoring tho thick goro from his mouth. Meantime, Nixon had two of tho Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and aftor oxuminiug thom by. means of ono of his boat's orow, who spoko a littlo bad Spanish, he huilod that the dospatch-box was all safe, and contained advices from St. Juan, in Porto Rico, to Traxillo, under Capo Honduras, and that ho would prcsontly search tlio cabiu for furthor information. Meantime another boat had been got into tho water, and I was ordered to form one of the crow. Jorry himsolf was in the stern sheots, and presently we all lcapod on board tho Spaniard. Tho first tiling tho mato asked for was tho dospatch-box. It was a very stout oaskot of load nnd iron, but by means of a heavy liammor and a mariine- spiko which ho brought with liim, Jerry very soon wronchod upon tho lid, and wo, who wore'erowditig about him, soon saw a good J jacket of lottors, niul dospatolioa of different ongths, tied for tlio most part carefully with silk, and bearing Hugo seals with manifold dovicos. | Jerry straightway sat him down upon tho dook, and whilo tho rest looked anxiously on, bogan wi'h great coolness to poruso tho doouinouts ono by ono. Thoy. seemed to bo but of littlo intorcst, for as ho roa/l, his brows darkened, and he ornmplod up letter after letter, and flung thom overboard, where thor worp soon floating, like so many white birds botweon tho sloop nnd tho ship. At length he opened a papor, sealod with black anil rod wax, which ho had no sooner seen than ho started up, crying, " Ha, this will do, ovon though there bo no otber!" And then stuffing tho letters ho had not road buck, into tbo box, which ho gavo ms to carry, lie asked, in a sudden fierco tone, of one of tlio oapturod Spaniards, whether thero was an axo in the ship? Tho man shrnukback from tbo question. " Why, you fool," continued tho mato, in broken Spanish, " I am not going to chop off thy head witli it ; but I tell thee what, if the axo bo not forthcoming speedily, I may flnd picanu of making thee: a head shorter without it.'.' So tho weapon was duly produced. -. Now, ' Bon jamin Mnokott," says i Jisrry. ' addressing .one of tho first boat's orow, " I heard you boast tho other night how speedily you oould foil a tree in. Virginia. Tako the axo, and prove thy .words on. tho most of this to oonjuro us, by all tho saints, to leave them tho means of getting to land. "You may get tn land," roplied Jerry, , " very woll under a jury-mast, but I .intend that you shall bo some timo about it, or wo shall havo a score of pestilent armadiloes out swarming about our ears." In - tho mcantimo. Mnokott, who . was a sturdy follow ns might bo, first applied tho axo to tho standing rigging, nnd in a vory short space tho shrouds and stays, out away from thoir fastenings at tho bulwarks; col lapsed, ns it were, round tho mast, whioh being thus doprived of its supports, began to sway and work witli the rolling! of the ship, creaking and craoking : in its stop. Then Mnckctt, flinging aside his doublet, laid tho broad bright axe to tho wood with good will. Tno white 'chips glanced about tho deck, and in a fow moments a gash wns out so dooply into the most that I oxpeoted to see it snap Bhort at overy roll. "Now," says Mnckctt, stopping in his work, " which sido of the sloop shall I send tho mSBt over ?" " Ovor any Bide, with a murrain to thee, so thou makest haste," answered Jerry. ! Mnokott watched the roll of tho seas narrowly, and just as tho Bloop lurched heavily, as ,a groat ridge of water 'hoaved np under her keel, ho struck the finishing blow with suoh goodwill that tho axo sank a couple of inches into the wood, and with a crack like a musket-shot," tho mast, ;\vith: all its appurtenances, .of rigging and" fluttering canvas, fell braish- ing into the sea, smashing td dust tho light bulwarks of tho sloop; and causing it to oaroen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to rub and rasp against tho sido of tho vessel, impelled by tho heaving of tho swoll. "And now, Spaniards," Baid Jorry, "you may get to Truxillo as spoedily as you liko, and givo our compliments to tho good folks there." With that wo all got into our boats again ; most of tho crew jeering ut and' flouting tbo disconsolate looks of tho Spaniards, as thoy stood like mca bewildered upon the deok of their crippled ship. Before ' I wont over the side, however, I raised the head , of tho Spanish captain ; tho man was quite dead, anil bocoming stiff and cold already. Our oars fell into tbo water, and tho boats woro speedily hoisted up to tho davits of tho Sauoy Susan. Then Jerry, going aft, touched liis hat to Lo Chiffon Rougo very ceremoniously, and prcsonted him with tho casket of dospatohos and the particular letter which he bad read, tho ship all this time lying to, hut gradually drifting to leeward of the barco longo, which now exposed hut littlo surfaco to tho wind. After a pretty long. _ communion between these two worthies, Lo Chiffon Rougo ordered the boat swain to call all hands, and presently tho wholo crow wero grouped round tlio mainmast. Then tho captain, taking off his hat, began to mako ono of his usuiu speeches, a part of his duty, in fact, which he appeared fond of, boing of a long-winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. Tho niain points of what ho now said were as follows : — The Saucy Susan,, as thoy all knew, was bonnd on a cruise to tho Mosquito and Honduras coast, hut, happily, thoy wore their own masters, and could cliango tlieir cruising ground as often ns they thought fit. Well, hero were certain despatches' nowly captured from the "Barco Longo," as one of thom related to a rich Spanish ship which was shortly oxpeoted in these seas, the cap-' tain proposed that it be read aloud in "English, for "the benefit of Messieurs the advonturers, that, upon knowing tho contents of tho papor, thoy might detcrmino as thoy thought fit. Tho crow received this oration with signs of groat satisfaction, and ono or two cried out. " Ay, ay, translate the Don's patter, and then we will consider." Upon this, Lo Jffnffon.llougo.inndaa nign to Rumbold, ,-w.lio oamo forward,, and .placed the important Totter in tho pearl merohant's hands.- Rum bold looked at the. manuscript, which was written in a fair hand, and then read . out vory fluently as follows : — ' From my House at Ferrol... : Upon suoh a date. Good and trusty Manual — " You have beon absent at tho mines in Darion, when in sadness and sorrow, I re turned to tho main land in the long-boat of the great galleon, reft of all tlio treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plun dering heretios, who, for our sins, tho saints permit to infest tho Indiun.sons, I was not ablo personally to lot you know tho particu lars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I had but small time and less heart to write the story. You are a ware that in a few days after roaohingForto Bollo, to which place wo scudded before the wind, which was bois terous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, wo wore so favoured ns to avoid all pirates, flobustiers, and buccaneers, and sail very prosperously across tbo Atlantic hither. But. as touching the Cartlingena galloon, that was indeed a heavy lose, and I liavo mado it my petition to tho King that ho will cause repre sentations to bo sent to their Majesties of Englund and France touching the con duct and boaring of their subjects in our Indian seas. T'ho manner of our capture was very sudden. Two days' sail from Cnr- thugona, wo boating to windward, a sail was descried an hour beforo sunset, hat which vanished beforo tho dusk closed, so that littlo or nothing more was thought of tho: matter. As is my wont, I retired carlv to rest, tho worthy captuiu of the galleon assuring mo that all was woll, and a vory good look-out kept from all parts of tho Bhip. But truly, our look-out must havo boon maintained with hut slcopy oyes, for us I was dozing, just after having heard midnight chiino from tho olook in tno great cabin, and looking half-asleep, half-awake at: tho lump as it swung te and fro, and made' strange glimmerings and shadows upon tlio tapoitrios, I suddenly heard a tremendous outcry, and tho running of fcot upou the deok above, nnd then, Manual, . a', volloy of muskotry, undone of tlioso savago "hurrahs" whioh are tho war-cry of tho 'English, followed almost on tlio instant by a shock which mado the great galleon tremblo and surge from side to side. At that moment there came flying down tho oabiu-stnirs our friend Collado, of tho Hormitago Plantation; his faco liko uuto groy ashes, and exclaiming that wo woro rniucil and undone, for that whilo tho watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by tho calmness of tho weather, a pirato schooner had suddenly laid tho galloon on hoard, and that our good cap tain had fallen in tho very volloy I had just heard discharged. " But ovon whilo he was spoaking the np- rour on deok was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping as the sides of tho two vessels encountered whon thoy rolled, ' and tho fierco outcries and clash of steel, and frequent pistol and carbine shots fired whilo the pirates wero chimberiug up our lofty sides and loaning upon tho deck. . They wore devils, Manual. No man could resist thom. They yollcd and fought, and sceincd te de spise thoir lives ; nnd accordingly, in a mo ment, and ore I could even put ou my gar ments, in enmo tho spoilers, rushing down tho cabin stairs, a tail nnd strong old man, naked to the waist, tind with a hundkorchief twisted round his groy hair, lcadiugtliomon, sword and pistol iu baud. Thus woro wo constrained to surrender. " Novortholess, Manual, I must do our spoilers this justice: tlioy sought not to harm our persons, and wero oven (in their way) courteous to us thoir prisoners. This I say specially of the leader, who was of lofty and somowhat dignified aspect, and whom thoy called ' Captain Jem,' und sometimes ' Stout Jem.' " Hero Rumbold mado a pause, as if to cough, and glanced slily at mo. Oil, how my heart leaped as I listened. Honest, uoblo Captain Jem ! No prisoners but what would' havo mercy und courtesy ut thy hands ! Rumbold oontiuued — " This old man prcsontly desired;- to; sneak with mo privately; 'nnd, quoth -ho, - 'There was ono of our crow captured by Spaniards at Carthcgcna; tell mo, truly, .is ho dead or alive?" At this I bethought mo that thoro liad been, indeed, an English-prisoner cx-_ and this I told ' to tho pirato cap tain, adding, that I understood that ho had mado his oscapo into the woods, and, although ho had been seen in the streets of Carthagena nt night, ar.d hotly pursued,- yet that ho had given "all liis followers tho.slip, and got clear off, whither none know. At this tlra old man 'wrung my hand in- a strange, fashion, und whispering ine; ' I loved that young man ns though I were liis parent,' added, ' Wo make war upon you.Spaninrds, but we nro no thieves ; thoreforo let eaoh man of you take his clothea and his private stook of money, nnd dosccnd speedily into the' boats. Tho ship and cargo wo claim, but not tho privute goods of passengers and crow.' " I givo thee all these particulars, good Manual, because thou art deeply intoreBtad, iu all which befalls mo, and so thou wilt not find tliem tedious. And so, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and saw the galleon and tho schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster ; now to nnolhor matter." . juia tne matter which concerns its most, shipmates," said Jcr.ry. " Go oh, Mr. Rum bold." I givo tho latter part of the letter with all its details although tlio information involved in it ciimo at last to nothing. ; Nevertheless, I think it right to recount; at; length 'tho document whioh caused us .toijehungo oiir plans, -and indirectly led to. the loss: of tho shipi ; Tho .letter thou ran'oiiiowliat as " And now, goou mannuit our mend and correspondent, Juan Grimadu,' of this town, designing speedily to scud forth a goodly tliip, hound to Traxillo, and ladou with wines, cloths, laces, and ,divers sorts of goods proper for tho Indinn markets, I havo advised him that ho should oaiisb licr to panto in her courso at a certain barren cluster of islets to windwurd of the Dutch possession, of Cutapoa, aud considerably to tho east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, na I loam, do not often sail to windward of tho Gulf of Yqnozuq'a. These islets aro called latemtes Avcs, or Bird Islets. I havo landed upon tlicai ; thoy aro not inhabited, savo by countless floolcs of sea- birds, and they are full of good harbours nnd creeks, whore a ship may oommodioutly rido ut ' anchor. Mv. advico. then. . . to Juan Grainuda, nnd ho hnth taken it, waste lot his ship pauso at these islands, her captain having been thoro once before; und that, in tho meantime, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, ubout a week or a fortnight after tho ship sails from Spain, do despatch an ugent in whom you can pat trust in a good piragua, or small sailing sloop, to tlio Isles don Avcs, bearing intelligence us to whotlior tho seas westward bo pretty clear, so- mi to make tho run across tho - Gulf of Darien as safe ni posSihlo. In ease of your ngont bringing unfavourable or doubtful tidings, then tlio captain of Grumada's Bhip lias iiistruotions to direct the course of tho vessel to any other port in New Spain, or to tho Ilaviiunah, as you may think : fit, whoro the -wares can bo disposod of to advantage." Thoso were the chief points of tho lotter, tho remainder being devoted to private matters not of inteiest to any of us. : But I started again when I heard the namb: of tho writer pronounced. ;It was redro Davosa. : When Rumbold had ceased reading, Jerry took up the word. Now, comrades,", quoth ho, " you have heard the news. What say ye, shall wo continue our courso to the south-, .west, or is there enough . in that loiter to mako us haul our wind and boat up for the Isles des Avcs ? I toll you that a cargo each as the writer mcntionetli is worth looking for,' and it may be that wo shall in the meuntiiiio light upon proy as valuable ruuning down from the islands as we should have mot upon thoooast of tho main." Upon this, Josiah Ward, being one of tho oldost men on board, gavo uii his opinion that wo ought to stoor eastward for the Isles des Aves,' keeping not far from .the mouth of tlio , .Gulf of: Venezt „ a Spanish ships wero'wGai'-iv'bnter'and depart fiom. This seemed to settle the matter. Tiio main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the:ship uttered from south-west to south east,. and then, with a hearty cheer as an opening to our now cruise, wb moved away, leaving tho Barco Longo, with her over thrown must, Badly drifting ou the sen. I TO U1C COSTl.TL'KII.) 