Byron Bay. (FltOM OUB COltBBSPONDBNT.) -Mabob 15. — The weather — suoh weather — storm? and rain, rain and storms, ever sinoe ' Christmas. It appears to me that the four winds havo met at Cape Byron, and arc prac tising for some monster storm or oyolone at an enrly date, and that Mr. Egeson's ghost has possession of the flood gates of the sky, keep ' 'ing them open to verify his (Egeson's) pre diction, ana that some ono on the other side of tho Pacifio has tilted it up and neglected to let it baok again, whioh may in a great measure . aooouut for the sunken reef, whoreon the; ill fated steamer Quetta met her doom, for the sea ia washing the terrace away here by; the rod. It also seems that Old Sol has gone to. rest and forgotten to rise again. However, those sagea or fossils, who poopooed Mr. ! v Egeson's prediction may have to eat humble : v pie by the time the three years expire, beoause be happens to have more brains and less pay than they. ' A sad fatality happened here last week . A fine healthy baby boy, eou of Mr*. Brevner, died suddenly on Tuesday night. Mr. Brevner, ' who waa absent from homo; when informed of ' the child' sdeath, wired particulars -to| the Ballina police, and on Friday received a wire \- ' that our only J.P. (Mr. O. B. Wareham) oould bold an inquiry. Now, in the name of all that's good, do the authorities expeot a Justioe of the Peace to go about the country sum moning a jury, and hunting up witnesses to give evidence on suoh a case. The verdiot, I believe, was, ,:Diod from natural causoB.' However, the oliild wns burii'd on Saturday — five days after its demise. How is that, ' Mr. Editor, for tho 10th contury, nnd a hot climato. Moro Frootrado. Tho contractor for tlio whnrflngor's ootingo arrived por Augusta, and brought all tlio material for the building with him from Sydnoy, ready to go' togothor, theroby doing men in the' district out of their legitimate employment. I don't blamo tho contractor, but I uo blame the Tondor Board, oonsidcring a local oontraotor was only 4s. above tho acoaptod prioo. It is nearly time we got a Local Government Bill. Still another injustice. Tho M'Loan Broa. bought land in tho town, ercctad thoroon a large storo and dwelling, stockod tho same at groat expenae— thousands I hear. Well, a party comes here hawking, buys an old shed, moves it on to Crown lands, and opens a general store. Now, I think it Ib timo thoso officers whoso duty it is to soo that Crown lands aro not illngal.y occupied, should make such folk ' move on there,' or rather movo off. There is another matter I would liko to bring before tho ' powers that bo.' I have no doubt tho Harbours Department will ad mit thoy made a fatal mistake in not coppering the piles of our jetty— poor steed, his logs uro going fast. Now tho samo department aro making just as gravo a mistake, only in a smaller way. I hear that the Clork of Works has givon instructions that only blood wood or ironbark shall bo usod for bloolc founda tion of tho wharfinger's cottngo. Now, all who have any knowledgo of timber know woll that bloodwood, and ironbnrk in partioular, stand woll iu black or rod soil, but tho former will no moro resist tho ravages of wliito anta iu sand than will piuo. Howovor, if it docs, I will's*)- our newly-flcdged Clerk of Works is a bottor judgo of what will rosist whito ants thun othor pooplo. If tho Department don't want to bo tinkering and patching tho oottago, tho samo as tho jotty in a fow youra hence, why not put iu briok piors, or still hotter, a brick or concroto foundation. But this would bo doing tho work iu a proper manuor, and you oould hardly give thom crodit for that. I notico our juvenilo population is incroasing rapidly, and I think it is time tho Government orected a school in our midst that our ohildren may rcceivo tho bonefits theroof, Whnt muttor if tho sohoa.room iB only half filled for u yoar or two so long as the said half aro educated. In my travols through tho country I havo noticed schools that were oloscd altogether. A Sohool of Arts or Debating Sooioty also would not bo amiss hero, to educate somo of the adult population. I notico tho cooling slicd for tho storage of dairy produce, is turned into a carpen tor's shop, and butter has to go iuto tho big shod. 