NEW BOOKS FOR YOUTH. "We have received from -Messrs Blaclrie and Son. publishers, Tendon and Glasgow. a. parcel of handsomely bound Christmas books by some of the best known English writers for boys and girls. They are profusely and elegantly Illustrated, and are issued "at a remarkably low price. The following synopsis "trill be read with interest:— — Hussein the Hostage: Or, A Boy's Adven tures in _ Persia.*" by G- l\orway. " The nar nitive of the adventures of the young prince Hussein aud his faithful follower Askarin their endeavor to free their oppressed tribe from the Persian, yoke. Hussein is for some time field captive by the Persians, and Askar. after stor ing a secret cavern with provisions, sets -oil to rescue him. He is himself kidnapped, however, and sold to a travelling showman. " Aslrar at length rejoins Hussein, who has escaped in disguise, gathered about \\*m some of his old adherents, and is holding the cavern against the Persian forces. These are happily <lisj>ersed at the moment when success seems assured to them. The book has the same originality of concep tion. and treatment which characterised the authors previous story—i4Tke loss of John Humble."" *i Hal Hungerford.** By J. B. Hutchinson. B.A. A boy sent out by an emigration society to a farmer in Canada is charged with the comb arital of a serious crime. Seeing no hoj>c of clearing himself he leaves his new home with a boy-companion, and they take up residence in an old block-Louse about which mysterious stories are told. They succeed in unravelling the mystery at no little cost, his companion dying of injuries received in the burning block house. and he himself escaping death by the merest chance. The story is full of exciting in cidents—a -smuggler's cave guarded hv a «k«n*£ai»„ a. pirate"s treasure, and the like. —Maori and Settler: A story of the 2Cew Zealand TFar." By G. A Henty. The Ben shaws lose their property by a bank failure and emigrate to Xew Zealand during the period of the war with the natives. WSirid Benshavr, a strong, self- reliant, courageous lad is the main i stay of the household,Ids father being a dreamer whose archaeological researches have somewhat i weakened his hold upon, the present and the practical. Even Wilfrid, however, would have succeeded indifferently, hut for the assistance of ; his older friend, Mr Atherton, a botanist and naturalist, whose herculean strength and un failing nerve and humor make hhn perhaps the central figure of the story. During the eventful voyage out, and in the subsequent adventures among the Maoris, there are many breathless moments in which the odds seem h<q>elessly against the party, but they succeed in the end in establishing themselves happily in one of the pleasantest of the Xew Zealand valleys. il Unlucky: A Fragment of a Girl's Life-'5 By Caroline Austin. The young daughter of an Indian officer, brought up since her mother's death bv native attendants, suddenly finds her self no longer the object of her father's affec tion. Her stepmother and herself misunder stand each other hopelessly. In the end the child's natural goodness enables her to" conquer herself, and even to sacrifice her own life for her stepmother. ^44 Xutbrown Boger and I: A Bomauce the Highway." By J- H. YoxulL The story I of a Jx>y who Itas been defrauded of his pro- I periy. He is assisted in Lis distress by a noble man, who for various romantic reasons has j assumed the garb without adopting the practices of a highwayman. After a series of exciting adventures the two are successful, not only in rescuing the nobleman's bethrothed | from evil hands, but in bringing about the restoration of the lad's property. By Bight of Conquest: or. With Coriez in Mexico," by G- A. Henty. The conquest of Mcxica by a small band of resolute men under the magnificent leadership of Cortex is ahvavs rightly ranked amongst the most romantic and daring exploits in history. With this as the grouudwork of his story" Mr Henty has inter woven the adventures of an y.ngligb youth, Boger Hawksha w. the sole survivor of the good ship Swan, which had sailed from a Devon port to challenge the mercantile supremacy of the Spaniards in the Eew World- He is beset bv many perils amongst the natives, but is saved by Ins own judgment and strength, and by the devotion of an Aztec princess. At last" by a ruse he obtains the protection of the Spaniards, and after the fall of Mexico succeeds in regain ing his native shore, with a fortune and a charming Aztec bride. 41 The Secret of the Old House." A story for children. By Evelyn Everett-G reen- Tim, a clever boy of romantic tendencies, and his sister Dinah go to stay with their rich grand mother in the country, near an old house which has the reputation'of"being haunted. They not only see the ghost, but serenade it and *nnt-p friends with it—the ghost proving to be an unhappy youth who has been allowed to seclude himself in one wing of the mansion. The two children succeed in effecting the restoration of the boy to health and his reconciliation, with his grandfather. 4* A Bough Shaking."' By George M'Donald, LLJX, author of "i Bobert Falconer," Arc. Clare, the hero of the story, is a boy whose mother is killed at his ride bv the -fall of a church during an earthquake. The kmdlv clergyman and his wife, who adopt die while he is still very young, and he is thrown upon the worida second time. The narrative of wanderings is full of interest and noveltv. the boy's unswerving honesty and his passion for children and aulmalspeauing hirn into all sorts of adventures. He works on a -fortn; supports a l«aby in an old deserted house, finds employ ment in a menagerie, is taken into service by an old lady, becomes a bank clerk, is kidnapped and ultimately discovers his father on lioard the ship to which he Las been conveyed. The story will certainly rank amongst the best of Dr. McDonald's books for boys. • [The Australian agent for Messrs Blaclde and Son is Mr Alexr. Dowje, Spencer-street, St. Hilda.] 