V How I ilwofte in Hell*" Leaves from a oiad Sfan's Blary. ' | The anonymous dead man, writes oar London correspondent, who commenced his phenomenal reminiscences in the Febrnary number of Lippincotts, gets to BeiioUB business in the next issue. Whan he first retnrned to life the sabjecbaeemed too solemn to turn to account for copy, and each of the several years which have elapsed since he died have taken away some part of- the recollections, He asserts, however, that his reminiscences, vagne and fragmentary as they are, have been scrupulously kepb within the accu rate limits of his recollection. He [has never filled In a missing outline but has given the picture exactly as he Bees It. Resuming his narrative he tells us that although he remained in the spirit-realm only two days, It seemed to him weeks and months and years since his real death, aud the hoar that he became conscious of that death. The Vision of My Past litre. Whether my death was succeeded by a season of slumber, In which certain ap pointed and divinely-ordered dreams were caused to be dreamed by me, or whether God earned the hands on the dial of Time to be put back for a space in order that I might see the past as He sees lb,.I neither knew nor know, bafc^I dlstlncbly remember that the first thing of which I wa3 con scious after my dissolution was that the events of my past life were rising before me. Yes, It was my past life which I saw in that awfnl moment, my past life stand ing out in its own naked and Intolerable horror, an abomination In the sight of God and of my own conscience. The hands on the dial of Time went back half a score, a score, and finally a score and a half of years, and once more I was a yonng man of 21. The chambers in which I wa3 then living were situated In one of the well-known inns cfl Holborn, and the housekeeper of the wing where I was quartered was a widow, who, with her daughter Dorothy, a girl of 17, resided on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can be imagined without being told. Both were young, Impressionable, and opportunity was nob lacking for an acquaintance which a thunderstorm ripened in a moment into ungovernable passion. She occupied the room over his chamber, and after long struggling with temptation he fell. My passion had bat simnlated defeat, as passion often does, in order that It might turn in an unguarded moment, and rend me with redoubled fury. The next moment I saw my last gasping effort to will what was right and true sink amid the tempestuous sea of sinful wishes, as a drowning man Binks after he has risen for the third time : and deliberately thrusting away, In the very doggedness of despair, the invisible hand which yet strove to stay me, I rose and sought the room which I had prayed I might never enter, My First SSImnse of Sell. Yon may wonder perhaps how It is that I am able to recall so vividly the circumstances of an event which hap pened many years ago. You would cease eo to wonder had yon seen, as I have seen, the ghost of your dead self rise np to cry for vengeance against yon, and to condemn you before the judgment-seat of God and of your own conscience. For this was my first glimpse of hell; this was my day of judgment. The recording angel of my own indestructible and now God awakened memory showed me my part life as God saw it, and as it appeared when robbed of the loathsome disguises with which I had so long contrived to hide my own moral nakedness. What fiesps Moll HeH. The one thing of all otherB which added to the unutterable horror of that moment was the memory of the false and lying excuses with which 1 had striven to pal liate my sin to myself. This is the way In which I had re peatedly striven to silence my conscience, and it is but one Instance of the way in which many otherB on this earth are now striving to silence theirs, "For God's sake," 1 would say to them, "beware !" Such hardening of the heart against the Holy Spirit, such God-murdering (for It is the wish to kill God and to silence His voice for ever) Is the one unpardonable sin which is a thousandfold more awfnl in Its consequences than is the crime which it seeks to conceal. It was the foulest stain on the soul of him who hung by the dying Saviour ; and it Is, I believe, at this moment the one and only thing which still keeps hell hell and Satan Satan. Tlie Agony of Hie ©anmed I remember that when the realisation of what 1 was, and what I had done, was first borne in upon me, I fell to theground and writhed in convulsive agony. The tortures of a material hell— of a thousand material hells—I would have endured with joyfulness conld such tortures have drowned for one moment the thought agony that tore me. Mere physical suffer ing In which, though lb were powerless to expiate, I could at leab participate by en during, I would have welcomed with de lirous gladness, bub of such relief or diversion of thought there was none. To annihilation, had such been then within my reach, I would have fought my way through a thousands devils. But in hell there is no escape, I remember that I rose up in my despair, and stretching vain hands to the impotent heavens, shrieked out as only one can shriek who Is torn by hell- torture and despair. I fell to the ground and writhed and foamed in convulsive and bloody agony. Bat not thus could I rid myself of the sightB of hell, nor could mere physical pain wipe out from my brain the picture of the ruin I had wrought. And then—but no, I am sick, I am ill, I am faintbg, I cannot, I cannot write more, 