THE TREASURE SHIP. — I had brought up some blankets from below, and these I made a kind of mattress "of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about 10 o'clock, I think, when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along' the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like the murmurs of a foun tain against the sides of the pale, silent, gently-rolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to" this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. Indeed, many thoughts weaiing a complexion of delirium passed through my head with several phantasies whicii must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seoing, ns I believed, the Ruby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg; with- the soft splendor of tho moonshine on her canvas ; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly at the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule myself for the fears -which had been upon' me throughout the day; then of jumping up in a sudden trans port and passion of delight; when the vision instantly vaiiishedj whereupon a violent fit of trembling seized me, and I sank down -again upon the blankets 'groaning. . But: the agitation did liot-linger ; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention to it. This, went 011 till . I fell : asleep. Meanwhile , the .'-breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of tho falling of large rain drops. I.awolcei and turning my head, to wards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figuixs of a man erect; and - motionless on the forecastle. The moon was 'low in the west; I might guess by her position that day break was not far off. By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept .a glance round ; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom- to indicate a vessel at a dis tance., Fatlier of heaven ! I thought what is it1? Gould; yonder shadowy form be one of the 'three sailors who had been left , on the wrook ? Surely I had closely' searched the hull ; tliere was toothing: living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-drops broke from my-brow s I sat motionless with my eyes fixtkl upon the figure that showed with' Ari inexpressible ghostlinesS of outline in tho waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of tho deck ; then a third ; and there the three of them stood ap parently gazing intently aft at me, but without a' stir in their frames, that I could witness. . Three of them ! ' I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more. than a whisper. I tried again, and this time my voice sounded. " In the name of God,; who, and what are you ?" " Ha 1" cried one of them. He said something to his companions, in wot'ds which wore unintelligible to 'me, then approached, followed'by the others; all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait, as though giddy. "Some drink, for Ohnstu's sake?" said the man who had cried Ha 1 pointing his finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of his throat as something rough,, like a file. By this time it was clear to me they wero no ghosts. I imagined theui negroes, so dark their faces looked in the dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what manner they had arrived, I could not imagine ; but it was not for mo to stand speculating about them in tho face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles in the pantry — as I term it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by tho men, I led the way below, bidding them stand awhile till I obtained a light; and after groping and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then callod to the men. They arrived. I pointed to tho jars, saying in English, there was wine in them ; and then to the slung cask of water, and then to the food 011 thq.vshelvos. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight. Thoythen fell upon the biscuit and sausage, eating like famished wolves, both fists full,- and cramming their mouths. They wore not very much more distinguishable by tho feeble light of tho candle than on dock ; however I was able to seo they wero not blacks. Tho man who had addressed' me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with -lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished cb'ony glued on porcelain. His hair was tho negro's,, black wiry, wool. He wore a short moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon Ills chin. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dungaree jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, comploted tho attire1 of the ugliest, most villainous- looking creature I had ever set eyes on. ' His companions were long-haired, chocolate- browed Portuguese, or Spaniards; — Dagos, as tho sailors call them ; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling, upon the breast of 0110 of them. Their feet were naked ; indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches and ah open shirt and a cap. Tliey continued to feed heartily, and several times helped themselves to the wine, though before doing so the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though asking leave. " You Englis, sah ?" ho exclaimed, when -he had made. an end of eating.(I said yes. How long have you been lieah, sail ?" I told liirn. He understock me perfectly though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired, who ho and his companions were, and his story was to the follow ing effect : That he was the boat swain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Si ft gap ore or to somo Malay .port. The vessel had. been set on fire by one of the crew, an English man, who was skulking drunkonly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had three boats whiclv they hoisted out; most of the people got away in the long boat, six men wero in the second boat, and he and his two comrades got into the jolly-boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more.. They parted company with the other boats in the night, and had .been four days adrift, sailing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keeping an eager look-out though they sighted nothing; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, and made for it, but so scant was tho wind and so weak their arms that it had taken them nearly all night to measure the distance which would be a few miles only. They got their boat under the bow — she was lying there now, he said — and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their apparition. Of course I had not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to me, lying aft, the three men rising over the, bows looked as though, like ghostly essences, they had shaped themselves on the forecastle out through the'solicl plftlik. ' :: I addressed the others; but .the yellow man told me tliat their language was a jargon of base- Portuguese, of whiclv I should be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even though. I had been bred aiid educated in Lisbon. -' "We mosh see'to dah boat," he ex claimed, and spoke to his mates,"- appa rently to that effect. I extinguished the candle, -and followed them on deck. It was closer upon daybreak than I had ' supposed. Already the grey was in the east, like a flittering of light, through ash- colored silk, with the sea-line black as a sweep of India ink against it ;- and the moon a lumpish, distorted mass of faint dingy crimson, dying out in a sort of mistiness westwards, like the snuff of a rushlight .in its own smoke. Even whilst the three fellows were manoeuvring with the boat over the bow, the tropic day filled the heavens in a bound, and it was broad morning all at. once, with a segment of sun levelling a long lino of trembling silver from the horizon down to mid-ocean. My first glance was for the Ruby, but the sea lay bare in every quarter. The fellows came dragging their boat aft ; I looked over and saw that the fabric was of a canoe-pattern; with a queer, upcurled bow, and a stern as square as the amidsliip section of the boat ; four thwarts, short oars with oval-shaped blades, and a small mast with ft'square of lugsail lying with its yard in the .bottom of the boat. Tho yellow man, pointing to her, ex claimed in a hoarse, throaty, African guttural, "'It is good ve keep hor. Dis wreck hqv.pq.'atch.; she sink, and. vid- out hor," nodding at the boat again, " were ve be ?" J I said yos, by all means let us secure the boat1 He exclaimed that for the present she would lie safely astern, and with that they took a turn with the line that held her, and she rested quietly on the sea clear of the quarter. Forthwith- the three fellows -began to explore the hull. The yellow man, or boatswain, as I must henceforth call him, said no more to me than this as he pointed to the yawning hatches: "You are gen'elman," with an ugly smile intended no doubt for a stroke of courtesy as he ran his eye over me, "Ve are common sailor.- Ve vill see to stop dem hole. More fresh vataire to drink ve need. Possib more bee-low. Also tobacco." And thus saying he eried out to the others in their own dialect, and. tho three, of them went to tho main hatchway and disappeared down it. I lifted the telescope (ind ran it over the sea, then sighed as with a breaking heart. I laid the glass . down again upon the deck.. A strong sense of dismay filled mo whilst "I sat musing upon the men who wero now coolly rummaging tho vessel below. Tho rascality which lay in overy lino of tho ugly yellow ruffian's face, coupled with, tno stealthy glittering .glances, ' tho greasy, snaky hair, the dark piratic countenances, the others might well have accounted for the apprehension, the actual con-1 stornation, indeed, , which felljiupon me whilst I thought of them. But that was not all. Tho recollection of the gold rushed upon me as a memory that had clean gone out of my mind, -but that had suddenly flashed back upon mo to comniunicate a sinister signifi cance to thopresonco of the three Portu guese seamen. I can clearly under stand now that my brain, as I have said, had been weakened by the horror of my situation, and by tho long madness of expectation which had hold it on fire while I searched the sea and waited for the Ruby to appear. So that, instead of accepting these three foreign 1 sailors as a kind of godsend witli whose assistance I might bo enabled to doctor up the wreck so as to fit her to float until help came, not to speak of them as companions in misery, human creatures to talk to, beings whosp society would extinguish out of this dreadful situation the intolerable ele ment of solitude — I say instead of viewing these men thus, as might have happened, I believe, had I been my old self, a profound fear and aver sion to them seized me, and such was tho state of my nerves at that time, I call to mind that I looked at the boat that hung astern with a sort of hurry in me to leap into her, cast her adrift, and sail away. " With an efiort I mastered my agi tation, constantly directing: glances at tho sea with a frequent prayer upon my lip that if not the Ruby, then at least somo ship , to rescue ine would heave into view before sundown that night. Tlio men were a long while below; I stopped softly to tho companion hatch,' and bent my ear down it tliat I might know if thoy had made their way through the 'tween decks bulk head into the cabin. The ' chink- of money was very distinct, but that was an. -l-resenuy, nowever, 1 nearci rnem talking in low voices, but their tongue was Hebrew to me, and I went back to my chair, looking yet again around the sea-line. I think thoy had been at least an hour below when they arrived on deck, emerging through the main hatch. They then walked forward without takinsr any notice of mo, and disappeared through the fore-scuttle, whence, after a while, they arose bear ing araonst them several tarpaulins which tliey had come across. I took it that there was a carpenter's chest down there,, for the yellow boatswain flourished a hammer in one hand, and a box of what proved to bo round- headed nails in the other. They care fully secured the hatch with a couple of. these tarpaulins, then copie to the quarter-deck, and similarly roofed the skylight and the companion hatch, saving tliat they left free a corner flap to admit of our passage up and. down, " Dis is sailor vork," said the boat swain, giving me a nod, whilst his face shone like n yellow sou'-wester in a squall of wot with the sweat that flooded his repulsive visage. " Dah vataire keep out now, sail." " It is well done," said . I, softening my voice to disguise the emotion of disgust and aversion which possessed mb at sight of the ugly, treacherous, askant sort of stare he. fastened upon me whilst he spoke, "Have you breakfasted?" He .came close to me before answer ing ; the other two meanwhile remain ing at the hatch and looking towards me. (to be continued). 