ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; The revival of the comic opera of "Boc caccio " (which had not previously been per formed in Melbourne for six or seven years) by the Nellie Stewart Opera Company at tracted a crowded attendance at the Opera house last Saturday night All the principals employed in the production of " Paul Jones," with the exception of Mr. Leitch and Mies Aggie Kelton, vere allotted parte, and there was the additional attraction of four first appearances, namely, those of Mr. Robert Kennedy, Mr. A EL Gee, Mies Lillie Hamil ton, and Miss Frances Young. As with the first opera brought out by Miss Stewart's company, the orchestral and chorus work was exceedingly well done, everything con nected with those departments bearing the mark of unerring precision and appropriate development of light and shade. The prra cipala, however, were not so happily fitted witb their characters aa in " Paul Jones," and the new additions to the company, being inexperienced performers, have not materially strengthened it As a musical composition Von Suppd's "Boccaccio",; is very superior to Planquette's "Paul Jones." The work of Von Suppl. now under notice is always melodious and sometimes brilliant, and though not bo strong in solos some of the concerted pieces are very taking. The libretto, on the contrary, is markedly interior to that of "Paul Jones," It is true that frivolity is the ration tTStre of comic opera, but that is no reason why it shonld not be served up with an occasional dashing episode, or with an effective climax at the end of an act The story is composed of little incidents which .are only strong enough for interludes, and there is not a telling: climax or an impressive dramatic effect1 throughout the opera. The scenery and the dresses are of the most sumptuous descrip tion, and a fiae contrast iB obtained in the ballet by the use of black for one corps and red tor the other. The hero of the opera is a gay young Florentine1! named Boccaccio, who is in ill odour with a number of the townsfolk whom be has lampooned in various squibs. Though there#* coincidence in the name and in the timea depicted, the incidents have no connection pith events in the life of Boccaccio, the eon of a Florentine tradesman and a Parisian grisettc, who largely helped to revolutionise Italian litera ture ia the fourteenth centnry. and who is only known to English people as the author of a number of prettily told but unedifying tales. The operatic Boccaccio 1s a lively young Btudent, who has fallen in love with Fiametta, the adopted dauKbter of an olive grower named Lambertuccio, and who, being discovered to be the niece of the Grand Duke of Tuscany, is intended to be given in marriage by her uncle to the Prince of Palermo. The Prince visits Florence with the object of being betrothed to Fiametta. lie travels incognito, and endeavours to con ceal the nature of his mission by engaging in a flirtation with Signora Lotteringhi, the wite of a cooper. Leonetto, a friend of Boccaccio's, to assist his fellow student, de voles himself to the elderly wife of Lsmber tuccio. Tbe Prince ia seized by the irate citizens in mistake for Boccaccio, and is obliged to discover himBelf, tbe populace being appeased by the burning of the objec tionable pamphlets. In the second act, Boccaccio enters the service of Lambertuccio as a gardener, in order to be near Fiametta, | and there iB a comical scene in which the old olivegrower, who baa had a bad night, is made to believe that a tree which be climbs is haunted, this being an explanation of the "soft Bounds" emitted by tbe three couples in the garden; while the bibulous cooper is induced to coll himself inside one of his own barrels. The ultimate result is that, tbe Prince's flirtation being discovered, the Duke consents (q Fiametta's marriage with Boccaccio. On Saturday night Madame Marian Burton undertook the title role, MiBs Nellie Stewart, who alternates with her in the character, having arranged to supply her place on the following Tuesday. Madame Burton made a highly picturesque appearance, and displayed the same vocal abilities which gained so much acceptance for her rendering of Paul Jones. She ia bright and pleasing in manner, and meets sufficiently well the hiatrionic demands made upon her, excepting in the ecene in which she has to impersonate a loutish countryman. This assumption did not seem to be calculated to deceive an ordinary olive- grower, but as Lambertuccio had only been able to put on his hat on the morniug in question by making use of the ehoe-horn, his wits were not of the clearest at the time. Madame Burton was deservedly encored in the ballad, "Forget Not to Forget" (an interpolation by Mr. A. Plumpton, the conductor). She also produced an excellent impression in the rondo, "Let me relate," while her vivacity added much to the success of the trio, "One-ery, Two-ery, Tnree- ery," in which the topical verses told well with the audience. Miss Ivanova will be remembered as the first representative of Fiametta in Melbourne. Her graceful vocalisation has lost none of its charm, and she was on excellent terms with the audience throughout. Perenella, tbe ancient sponse of Lambertuccio, wa3 allotted to Miss Ida Osborne, who was very successful in display ing tbe peculiarities of the character. Miss Lillie Hamilton made her first regular operatic appearance as Isabella, the wife of Lotteringhi. She is of agreeable appearance, and possesses respectable vocal abilities. With a little more animation of manner and mobility of feature, she would be a useful addition to the company. Her best effect was in the trio "One-ery, Two-ery, Tbree ery." The other debutante, Miss Florence Young, filled the email part of Beatrice, and did not get a fair opportunity of disclosing her capabilities. She is of good stage presence, has an agreeable voice, and there is no knowing what three or four years of hard work on the stage might not accomplish for her. Mr. Robt. Kennedy, who made his operatic debut as Leonetto, possesses a pleasing, light tenor voice, and he was encored in Mr. Plumpton's interpolated ballad "Thee do I Love," which he delivered very effectively. But it will apparently take him some little time to get his stage legs, for he walked with the uncertain and irregular step of a longshore man on the deck of a rolling ship, and he should also endeavour to attain a clearer enunciation. Mr. A. H. Gee, another debutant, showed ex cellent musical abilities in the small part of the Chapman. Mr. Woodfield appeared to advantage as the prince, and Mr. Hodson gave valuable assistance as the barber. The two leading buffo parts were in the capable hands of Mr. Snazelle and Mr. Gourlay. Mr. Snaeelle's Lambertuccio is marked by a quiet drollery which places it in striking contrast to the former representation of the character in this city, but it ia an effective and enter taining performance. Mr. Gourlay bad a very comical make-up as Lotteringhi, tbe vinous cooper, and be extracted a great deal of amusement out of introduced business of tbe scenes in which he appears. On Tuesday evening Miss Nellie Stewart replaced Madame Burton in the character of Boccaccio, end gave an agreeable andapirited rendering of it, which found great favour with the large audience. Miss Stewart's voice has not the richness of tone or the freshness of Madame Burton's, but it ia very artistically managed, and it does justice to the musical numbers. As an actress, Miss Stewart is much in advance of tbe other representative of tbe part She makes more of it, imparts to it suitable dash and vigour, brings out the points of each situation with firmness of touch, and in the scenes in which passion has to be simulated through tbe medium of song she displays an earnestness of manner and vocal modulation which never fait to take effect, i She obtained several encores, including one for tbe dialect song in the second act, where she cleverly enacts the yokel. Miss Hamilton and Bliss Young im proved upon their performances of Saturday night, and the last-mentioned lady was heartily applaaded for her delivery of the solos incidental to the ensemble "Yes,'tis the Prince." The rendering of the opera altogether obviously made a favourable it* pression, Mr. C. Warner, who fa about to rttarn to Loudon. hM been giving farewell perform1 ancea during the week at the Theatre Royal. The bill for five nights comprised Charles Beade'a drama of "Dora," founded on Tennyson's poem ol that name, and the farcical comedy of "The Barrister." Mr. Warner) played both of these pieces! at [the FrinceBB's TheBtre two years ago, and gave in them very distinct proof of hiB versatile powers, for nothing could be further removed in characterisation than the self-willed and unyielding Farmer Allen, and the happy-go lucky young limb of the law, whoBe un- j fortunate exchange of his brief-bag for a lady's reticule leads to so many complica tions. On Friday evening Mr. Warner waB to take hiB farewell benefit, the perform ances consisting of the first, third, and fourth acts of "Hamlet" (with Mr. Dampier aa the Ghost and Miss Warner as Ophelia), and the firs t act of " Captain Swift." Miss Nellie Stewart and other membera of the dramatic and musical professions were also to give assistance. "The Flying Scud" is announced for to-night. The last half-dozen performances of the "Little Lord Fauntleroy" Company at the Princess's Theatre have been varied by the appearance of both the clever children who impersonate the youthful lord in the play on the same evening. Miss Olive Berkley has also recited and danced "The Minuet" very prettily, and Miss Gracie Hopkina haa con tributed a pianoforte sola Mr. Henry Edwards, who has given BO much satisfaction aa the impersonator of the Earl of Dorin court, waa to have a farewell benefit on Thursday evening, the programme including two acts of "Little Lord Fauntleroy," a musical interlude, " The Happy Pair," by Miss Jennie Lee and Mr. J. P. Burnett, and the trial scene from "The Merchant of Venice," the bincficiaire appearing as Shy lock, supported by Mr. H. B. Harwood, Mr. R Stewart, Mr. G. R Ireland, Mr. Leake, and Miss Ethel Winthrop. After the an nouncement had been publicly made, how ever, Mr. Edwards advertised that he had been obliged to abandon the whole arrangement in consequence of Mr. George Wocherapoon, the manager of the "Little Lord Fauntleroy" Company, havine refused at the last moment to allow Miss Ethel Winthrop to appear as Portia. Mr. Wotherapoon and Mr. Edwarda have been making known their differences in the advertising columns of The Ar^us, the former saying that there bad been some prevous disagreement over the programme. Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew re-BDpear at this theatre to-night, in " Our Bitterest Foe " and " David Garrick." "Joseph's Sweetheart" has drawn large audiences at the Bijou Theatre during the week. The attraction at the Alexandra has been " Sweet Lavender," with Mr. Thornton in his excellent impersonation of Dick Phenyl, and supported, with the exception of the new names of Mi. G. P. Carey and Mr. Norwood, by the company with which he last produced the play in Melbourne. The farcical comedy of "Mamma" will be re vived this evening. The United States Minstrels are giving satisfaction to their numerous patrons at the Victoria-hall, and the latest additions to the Cyclorama and the Waxworks Exhibition have added to the attractiveness of those popular places of public resort. 