SOME GHOST STORIES. According to the New York Sun, a number of questions on spiritism and kindred subjects were recently submitted to certain prominent American citizens, with a request that they would supply a short original ghost story. Dr. Allan McLean Hamilton sent the following story, for which he vouches:— CALLED AWAY. I will send yon a true ghost story, and one that sends a cold shiver through my frame whenever I think of it. When I was in Shanghai, China, in 1878, In com- pany with Ling Look and Yamadeva (we were then travelling under the name of the Royal Illusionists), one afternoon Chase, the Chinese giant; Ling Look, Yamadeva, several ship captains, and I, drove out on the Babbling Well road to the Hermitage, a sort of summer garden about four miles from the English quarter of Shanghai, and while there we all took part in a game of tenpins. One of the captains, a burly German, made a great many ten strikes by throwing the largest ball in the rack. This roused Yamadeva, and he also attempted to throw the large ball, but in doing so fell back and complained of a pain in the right breast. We drove him back to the city and summoned an English physician, who pronounced It a case of ruptured muscles, and assured us that the young man would be all right in a few days. On the fourth day after the accident Yama- deva was apparently so much better that the doctor said it would be perfectly safe for him to go with us to Hongkong on the steamship Khiva, which was to leave that afternoon. We all embarked, and about midnight on the first night out I was awakened by two piercing shrieks of "Kellar ! Kellar ! " These were the last words Yamadeva ever spoke, for when I reached his cabin his head was lying in Ling Look's arms — he was dead. The ship's doctor said he had burst a blood vassel. The captain of the steamer kindly consented to carry the body to Hongkong, aad the ship's carpen- ter made a rough coffin, and the remains of our companion were deposited on the bridge. On the evening of the second day, at about 9 o'clock, while the ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Ling Look, Mr. Gray, of the Hongkong and Shanghai band, Mrs. Gray, a clergyman, and I were seated on deck in the aft, when suddenly there was a clear and distinct whistle—ti-ta tati tat! —such as our company used for the pur pose of recognition. We all were vary much astonished, and more or less excited. Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, "That Is Yamadeva whist ling," and answered the call by our well known tloo-ti-ti! This was im- mediately answered by the correct reply tii-i-i- oo. Ling Look now gave the finst call, tl-ta-tl tatl.tatL This was Immediately answered by the invisible power with ttoo-H tLi. The calls were repeated by Ling several times, and each time the correct reply came from the air above. The night was dear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, as every place was carefully searched. The ship's officers at first made light of the affair, but when the whistling was repeated, and Ling Look would tell them beforehand what answer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and the captain said it was the most wonderful thing he had ever ex- perienced In his life. Ling Look insisted on-opening the coffin to see if Yamadeva was really dead, and when he viewed the body he said, " Yamadeva is calling me, and I must go with him." Poor Ling Look was taken sick in Hongkong and died in the hospital there, and we buried him beside his brother Yamadeva. They are resting side by side In Happy Valley, the beautiful cemetery of Hongkong. THE PHANTOM DOCTOR. Dr. Daniel Greenleaf Thompson, pre- sident of the nineteenth Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom Doctor:— I was spending the summer at Newp -rt, where I had goae to recuperate from tna arduous duties of my profession, wh hi £ met a girl with whom I fell desoeratel/ fa love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and the fact that she not only ignored* my ex? btence, bat that she was already ergsgei to £r?ther man, wham she evidently adored, dTa ??& 1? the least cod the ardor of rcy ps?skm. Fr?ni *he first moment of cor meeting I loved her ?w one loves ones In a lifetime, and I worshipped' !«. secret. Though we lived In the same baaroi^*' home—a pretty Tine-covered csttaga crerle^icg the sea—we rarely mat except st mea! times. Bmlly and hee betrothed, whose came was Jamaa Jerome, usually wandereu off by them selves during the. day time, leav?2£ me a prey to a fierce, consuming jealoocy; ana the evening, while I sat apart, moody and disconsolate, vainly trying to fix my atten tion upon a book, I could heat the faint murmur of their voices from a retired corner of the verandah that overlooked the rippling moor«*.ouched ocean. One nigh*, however, somethiag occurred that caused my blood to riot madly in my veins, and the recollection of which, even now, sends a thrill through my entire being. It i happened In this way:—l had gase to bed impressed with that acute, mysteriuS* I Efri>se of coming evil which sometimes afiects the moat phlegmatic persons. I recollect the intense sultriness of the air. the oppressive stillness, and the gentle rhythmic awkh of the water against tha cliffs below. Ido not know how soon I fell BBleep, nor how long I continued to sleep, but I was roughly awakened after a time by a load rap at my door. Spring ing ont of bed, I drew the bolt and enquired what was wanted. To my utttr astonishment Emily stood before me, her white wrapper barred with yellow moocllght that streamed throng b the shatter in the hall. Her hair, long and golden, was nnbound aud floated la shining strands ever her shoulders. S!ia appeared to be greatly sgitated, while as fox me I was co overcome by the unex- I petted eight of her there that I coold feel my heart beat against the panel of the doer on which I leaned. la a few words she told me what was wrong. Her lover, Jerome, had been taken violently IQ. I was a physician, as she well knew. Would I come at once and give my assistance ? She had been summoned by one of the housemaids, and Mrs. Gibson, Emily's mother, a semi Invalid herself, was already stationed In the sick room. The instant I reusnred her, Myiag I would come Im mediately, she withdrew, vanishing down the corridor, a moon-Illuminated, ghostly figure, and I heard her descend to the floor below. When, five minutes later, I reached Jerome's apart ment, I found him suffering from Internal pains of great violence, the cause of which I was unable to determine. He became quieter after 1 had administered so ma morphine, and presently fell Into a pro* found sleep Emily remained In die room, and as I watched Jerome laav that the regarded me Intently, suspiciously. It cut me to the heart to think I was aa object of distrust to her; bat the mere fact of finding myself comparatively alone with her at that silent hour of the nlghfe intoxicated me with joy. When I re turned to my room my pulse was bounding with excitement. For some time 1 bossed abont, nnable to sleep When at last repose came I dreamed a atcaage and horrible dream. I heard Emily's voice call me by name and rammoa me to Jerome's chamber. I rose and dressed, and went down the creaking stairs to bis door, which I opened. He was lying In bed, and I myself watched beside him. No one else was there. Oh, how I hated him and how I loved Emily? How I loathed his very presence 1 A fiendish impulse came over me to kill him—an impulse that momen-A. : tarlly grew stronger. My body standing on the threshold saw my spirit cMttonriy measure a dose of poison from a vial. Then with blanched face I raised Jerome oa Mi pillow, and forcing open his teeth, I gave him the deadly draught. A look of unutterable honor oama Into the tick man* faoe—a look I shall never forget. Bat fearful oonvolalooa seized him. He writhed In agony, and In a moment lay still and rigid. A wild de light possessed me. I cried aloud and awoke. Good God ! not to find myself In bed atall, bat standing shivering In the hall with an empty vial clutched In one band, and the cool, grey morning creeping through the window. For a brief spaoe I was dazed, stunned, horrified beyond measure. How came I here 1 Gradually I recalled the summons In the night. The Incidents one by one came back to me. I remembered I had remained below not half an honr. The frightful dream rushed npon mj memory. 1 knew that I had deliberately murdered James Jerome— murdered him because I wanted the wonrtn he loved, and whose affection he had won, form]self. I had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of sweat broke out upon me as tbb awful truth became clear to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild dash down the stabs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breaking day fell directly across his motionless figure. I advanced with a halting, staggering gait, and peered Into his face. It was ashen. My eyes glared fax horrible apprehension as I placed one hand npon hli forehead. The touch chilled me from head to foot like Ice. He was dead, unmistakably dead. Then I fled from the room, and for a time knew no more. I will past over the hours of desperate agony that followed. Suffice it tossy that, although I feel perfectly Irresponsible for Jerome's death, I yet knew Instinctively that I had murdered him. The empty vial, my unaccountable presence In the hall, my dream, all pointed to a ahooklng and loathsome reality. I knew that on my soul rested the burden of this horrible crime. Then came the second chapter in the tragedy. The trouble and the excite ment Incident to the calamity that hsi occurred In the house caused Bmlly to be utterly prostrated. I had not seen her since that fatal morning wfaen I awoke to find myself branded as a araidww. like a criminal I hid in my room overwhelmed with sorrow, re morse, despair. Then I remember, I heard that she, too, was 111, and that my profes sional seivice* were required a second time. The misery that took possession of m% knew no bounds. 1 was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. I shrank from the possible path into which f«y «*!?■?—if—th«t faUeaus phantom of myself—might lead me. Yet T dared not refuse this summons. Blue dead than sHve I found mjself crossing the threshold ct that dimly-lighted room. Again I prescribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All the time my heart vent out to the poor suffering girl whose anguish I had caused. I loved her more than evwr. I rushed sway, and once nan sought forgetfulnea In sleep, and once more I dreamed. I aaw myself steal on tiptoe along the dusky corridor, starting back Affrighted when I thought to hear a sadden footstep ; then emerging boldly from the moonlight to fate deep gloom of the stair case, I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through the open doorway I aaw the In terior, reddened by the lamplight that streamed In flickering rays Into the entry. I myself, or my double, spirit or flesh, I know not which, sat ay the sleeping girl, holding one of her hands In mine. I stood rooted to tlw-spot as If fascinated. 1 watched myself as a tiger gloats over Its victim. My breath came In ttrick gasps as I saw myself rise slowly from the bedside, and with an expression of devilish cunniog pour something from a vial into a glass. I raised Bmlly In bed and gave her the medicine. She began to sfauggle violently, as tf she dtvtned my purpose. I held her like • vtee and forcefl the liquid between her lips. She choke9,and turned upon me alook of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed with malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death throes unHl they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a *qV4^ mrtain let down from above I felt a sickening comyreeslon abcut my throat, and I awoke as before to find myself half dressed on the stairs with an empty vial in my nerveless hands For the second time I had been guilty of murder, and the woman I adored had been my vtetlm. I knew that she had dies by my hand. So it afterwards proved. Ebe waa dead, poisoned. In my own room the sun danced on the floor. The dear day was advanced. The fresh nit air blew upon my fevered temple*. Outside birds saDg joyously amid the transparent green of the trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twink ling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet ct c Idea alone possessed me. I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own soul. I was damned here, docmed to damnation for all eter nity. My spirit appeared to be clipping from my body as a shadow eblfta from a darkened object. F?« -tentfy I, too, grappled with death. I heard myeelf appeal to God for mercy. I ■aw myself struggle madly. An Icy ehOl came over me. I reaDied the fact that dissolution was Imminent. My eyes were as stone—■igMJ«— My tongue clave to the roof of my month. I gathered strength to Htfrif on hfiacsrastdiog sbrifik—such a shriek as might hare coma straight from the Innaraest depth of heU. And then came a wondrous light and change. I was alone In my own room—not In Newport, but in New York. I was not the phantom doctor at all, bat myself, and with an exultant thrill I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my Fearful «*f^*?t«— haifl ho^w n?.ngr¥?t but dreams within dreams—visions wzapped about with Impenetrable and ghostly shades. PLAYIKG "WITH A CORPSE. Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the following:— Among the most brilliant of the stu dents at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tlernay. To a general adaptability to the science of medicine he added a -~"lnrw and nerve In the sue of the knHe in aorgfeal opeastions that made him thepcUe of (he family and the envy ol his fellew-atsdsnts. In coarse of time Tiemay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competi tive «xaaai?aslosi wUoh folia wad won an appointment as assistant surgeon at one of the swisllar Dublin hospitals. He filled this postttoa with sraoh aacoess, his one fault being «a laaettable thlast to* «dea tlfictevcMlgatlc*, wUohlsel taaproaeneas to o?ssalu mponepat?««bqpon the slightest provocation. This,however,!*, ua tule, not ragarded -as a very serious fault amevg she doctors «f • hospital «tafl, sad Tiernsy exposed himself to so Tory severe criticism in following eufe,«* ha Invariably did, the maxim of a eertatn famous medi cal Jaetnrer—"When m doubt alirays operate." One evening, some months after Tler nay had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends—his former fellow students at the university—were gathered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in sipping lemon punch and chaffing Tlernay to their heart's content. And what do you think was the subject of their chaff 1 Just this—The death of a woman under the knife, with Tlernay as (he surgical operator. Ah, my friends, hospital practice blunts the feelings and nukes men pretty callous. The hospital surgeon comes to regard human flesh as simply so much ligament and fiHre: human bone is simply so much osseous tltsne. The circumstances in the cue referred to by Tiernay's friends were sbout as follow: — A woman In an advanced state of illness had bean admitted to die hospital, Tiiere were certain complications In her cose which rendered it a most loterasttog one hum a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that she could I not survive, and, well—to put ft bluntly —it was charged that In the Interest of certain specific data Tlernay had per formed a species of autopsy while the patient waa aUll alive. The assembled company listened with great Interest to the medical points gleaned from this In vestigation, and then their thirst for edentino lore once satisfied the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient was alternately referred to in the most jooete vein as " the victim" and " the martyr." Tternay, of course, denied the imputation east out, but nobody seemed to care much about these denials one way or the other. Tired at last of chaffing Tlernay the guests turned their conversation to the subject of nerve power. Out of this con versation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager Tiernaya rapper' at the Gaiter that he would not dare go into tha morgue in the basement in the hospital, where the body of the poor " victim" lay, and alt for one hour beside the corpse. Just as the dock struck 12 he was to rise, stand over the corpte, and repeat solemnly three times In succetslon, *' I command you to arise !" Tieroay at first ridiculed the proposi tion, but the challenger persisting he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, tock his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and In the dim light began rtadlng a newspaper. At last die sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the midnight hour. Tlernay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of hh wager, stood over the corpse. " I command you to arise !" " What was that! Beally he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense 1 Wan he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerves ! Once more his voice rang out, F"mfl^?r than be fore— " 1 command you to arise 1" Horror upon horror. There could be do doubt of It this time. The corpse had plaisry stirred. With bts?cbed faoe he tore back the sheet. No, no—lt could not have been. " I command you to arise!" As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive move 'merit the arms shot out, as If to encircle him who had summoned "the victim" backtoHie. Two minutes later, when Tiernay's friends boot In the room they found him babbUrg and chuckling at the feet of the corpse. His reason was gone; he was an idiot. Had the poor " victim" claimed her re venge ? Had she been momentarily gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer? No; tiiere was no such sensational re tribution as this 1 After all lam obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost* stories must be spoiled If you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tternay was simply tie vlotlm of a prac tical joke, terrible in its results. His gueeta had contrived to connect a galvanlo battery with the corpse, and had thus, at a critical moment, galvanized it Into life. Owing to severe study Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results de scribed followed. 