Garrison Church Parades. The usual Garrison Church Parade of the members of the Northern Defence Force, which is always the preliminary to the Queen's Birthday manoeuvres and celebra tions, took place on Sunday, when, though the weather was rather unpropitious, being showery at intervals, there was a good muster. These parades are usually held prior to the Queen's Birthday, but that aus -icious event falling this year on a Satur day, and Monday being the gazetted holi day, it was wisely decided to have the parade between the two. About 9'30 the buglets were heard calling the men to assemble, and shortly after 10 the men fell in on their drill ground. Through the absence of the Acting-Commandant, Col. A. H. Warner, who went to the capital on Saturday to take charge of the Southern portion of the force during their Birthday manoeuvres, Major Collins, L.V.A., was in command on Sunday, and most capably did he acquit himself. The officers present were— Major Harrap (retired list), flajor Martin (L.V.R.R.), Capt. Sadler (Reserves), Capt. Read (LiV.R.R.), Capt. Harrap (L.V.A.), Capt. Gould (L.V.R.R.), and Lieuts. Kirkland, Croft, Benni son, Sams, Cragg, and Fulton. The men, who comprised four companies ? two of Rifles, and one each, of Artillery and Cadets— presented an extremely creditable appearance, and before they left for church they were closely inspected .by the officer in command, during which the band played the Church Call. . About 10'45 the garrison, headed by thp splendid band connected with the force, under the conductorship of Bandmaster Harrison, left the drill-yard, and to the inspiriting strains ot one of the best military pieces marched up to the corner of St. John and Elizabeth streets, being followed by a_ large crowd. At this juncture the Catholic party broke off, and under the command of Captain Harrap they marched to the Church of the Apostles. The main body went into St. John's Church, where, they' were ac&ommo-;, dated with seats in the centre ' of ? the building, arid in each' ; pew wo?' placed a liberal supply of appropriately chosen hymns specially printed for the use of the volunteers. The Rev. A. H. Champion read the. lessons for the day, and the Rev. E. Champion preached an admir able sermon from Acts x. His subject was Cornelius, the Cfcsarean, the devout cen turion of the Italian band of soldiers, and from this the rev. gentleman delivered a sterling discourse on a soldier's duty. On account of the late hour at which the mem bers from the Church of the Apostles arrived the ranks were not formed again till 1 o'clock, when they were marched back ,tq the drill-yard and dismissed. ' Under the command of Captain G. E. Harrap a contingent of the Defence Force, numbering 40 of all ranks, and headed by ;he band, left the main body at St. John's Church and marched to the Church of the Apostles, where an interesting sermon was preached by the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor. After- reading the gospel and epistle for Whit Sunday, the Dean delivered his address upon the Hply Spirit;' which, he said, had been promised by the Saviour before his Ascension, and the ! fulfilment of this promise was ,the subject of the day's rejoicing in the Church. If joy and gladness were experienced in the celebra tion of festivals of saints and martyrs, how much more should the Church rejoice in remembering the anniversary of the descent from Heaven of that Holy Spirit which had filled all the earth, and aad renewed the face of ' it. The Catholic Church dated from the Day of : Pentecost, when the first effort's were made to destroy idolatry and paganism, aHd to substitute Christianity, and when the Holy Ghost first entered men's hearts, making them bold' fo do what before they would never have 'dreamed of accomplish ing. ? Well' migfit the Apostles, exclaimed the preacher, at the outset of their ministry have surprised' the dwellers of air parts of ; the known world ,who ' had'' 'assembled to keep the Feast-:of : Pentecost ' at ' Jerusalem,'' when this;, handful, of hith'erto^imple'ahd ignoraat', rnen^ali 'natives ! of ' GaUlee'r were ' heard tearlessly preaching ChristJ-'not 'in their own tongue, but in the languages spoken by.their mised a'udieTJce'; and that same Spirit.rhad, through tbe, Apostles, spread the teachings of ^Christianity with wonderful rapidity through every, depart ment of life; the same Spirit which inspired the shepherd boy who wrote the psalms of David; which converted Saul of Tarsus, a persecutor of Christ, and which induced Matthew, the taxgatherer, to. forsake his lucrative employment and to follow his Master. In conclusion, the preacher de clared that 'the same Holy Spirit was still ready to fill the hearts of all who were ready to receive Him, and would draw; out their love to God and deeds of charity to men; and he further urged them to pray for a share of the Spirit of the Day of Pen tecost. : ? HOBART, May 24. The usual Church Parade of members of the local Defence Force took place this afternoon, when the various corps ? as sembled at the barracks dt 2*15, and fell in line of quarter column, after which they were subjected to searching inspection by Colonel Warner, Acting Commandant.' This beini? dnnR. thfl nrifln wflrn mnrnhfld to church, the Protestants to St. - David's Cathedral, and the Roman Catholics' to St. Joseph's Church. The Rev. J. B. Wdol nough officiated at the former, and the Rev. Hennebery at the latter, at the ! conclusion of which the ranks were formed .and the men. marched back to the. barracks and dismissed. The total strength was as follows :^Staff, 3: Permanent Artillery, 22; Band, 21; Southern' Artillery, 35 ; Torpedo Corps, 28; Rifle' Regiment, 80 ; Hutchins' School Cadets, 30.'' ???' ' ' - 