The Cab-Driver's Story^ By Mary Kyle Dallas. Wo nil have ourups nnd downs, I suppose. I havo had, I know. Onco I had not had a fare all day, nor, for tho matterof that, the day beforo. ' Perhaps, having grown a little seedy, people picked out a sprucor cabman. Anyhow, thcro I sat, disconsolate and wretched upon my cab floor, with my feet dangling out, not caring how soon the end oi tbo world came, tor, besides my low spirits, it was a drizzly, chilly, uncomfort able evening, when I saw a figure inside tho park that put mo in mind of old times, nnd took ' me back to the country place where I was brought up, as n picture of it might. Thore was a girl there then called Lizzie Murray— a beauty, people said, with eyes as black as jet, hair just ono mass of ripples, and a cheek like a peach— a girl who was said to have thu finest bust and smallest waist and foot of any girl nbont— a girl tho fellows fellinlovo with in tho most sur prising way. I liked her myself, and she might have done what sho chose with me, and men richer than I would havo been glad to marry her. But she thought of pouelbing higher than being a working man'B wife ; nnd when at last a fashionable young fellow, who had come down to tho hotel with other fashion able people, began to oast admiring looks upon cer, ane iancicn, i Buppose, mere waa no need of being civil to common folkB nny longer, so she just cut us all, and for a while some thought thnt young Benton really was going to marry Her. Ho followed ber wherever she went. He gave her splendid presents, and he seemed to worship tho very ground sho trod upon. Ho kept it up all summer long, and when ho went away she told her friends that he was coming back at Christmas timo to marry her. Sho believed it when she said it, and no ifoubt he told her so; but be never camo near her agnin. Stc had been very proud of the ma(ch she was going to make nnd very fond of him, and she was terribly crushed down by his desertion. After a while people began to whisper and talk about her, too, and pretty soon the women of the place would have nothing to do with her. Sho lived with her brother and his wife in a little white-framed house in the village, and a good many people will remember the day they saw ber leave that house— turned out of it in shame and dis grace— going with her baby in her arms to wards the road that led to tho city. They had been ns hard with her at homo as others were, and her sister-in-law would never hear her name again. And no one knew what had become of her. Now that figure in the park, sitting on a bench in all the rain, in its tawdry finery, with thnt strange look about it you can't de scribe, but which yon never see in good women, put me in mind of Lizzie Murray. It was coarser and heavier, nnd it was not a young girl's figure, but for all that it looked like her, and it looked too, like a woman who had seen terrible hardships, and maybe, had no home to go to. I sat wondering whether it was all fancy or whether Lizzie Murray had really come to this and yet looking out for fares all the while, and hailing every man and woman who went past with ?' Have a ride, sir?' or ' Have a ride, ma'am ?' when I saw coming across the park, with a portmanteau in his hand, a line-locking gentleman, who looked as if he had just come off a joarney. He looked like a fare to me. You get to know 'em at sight, and I got up and held tho door open, waiting for him. It was raining sharply, and mine was tho only cab on the stand, and I Baw him hurry when he felt the drops. But just then tho woman on the bench sprang up and caught him by the arm. I saw her face then, and felt sure it was Lizzie Murray, and when ho turned it flashed into my mind in a moment that if ho bad lived so long, that Mr. Benton, who had wronged her so, would ba7e looked' like this. ' 1 saw that he was nervous nbout the meet ing, and that as ho broke away she followed him i and when, almost without a word, he stepped into my cab, she came close and would have spoken to him again, but ho cried out in an irritated voice : ' If you have anything to say, step in. Dcn't attract the attention of everybody in the street. We can talk ns wo ride.'' And she stepped in. The look on her face as sho did so made me think that whether she were Lizzie Hurray or not, she was a very dnngerouB person. ' Where to?' I asked, and he seemed to ask a question, 'To No,— ? street, for this — this lndy,' ho said. ' Afterwords to No. — Madison Avenue, for me.' Then he said harshly, for I heard him plainly : ' Come, say your say out I You haven't long to say it in. 'What do you want?— money ?' I heard her laugh, and then I drove on and tho rattling of tho whecl3 kept the voices from my ear, except now and then when they wero raised h little. Night was coming on fast, ana by the time I reached the street he had men tioned, it was quite dark and tho rain pour ing. I was wondering how the numbers ran, and had not found tho right one yet, when I heard the woman calling me to stop, and when I did so, saw her jump out at once and shut the door behind her. Tho gentleman never stirred j but I did not wonder at that ; he was not likely to be very polite to such a poor creature. ' la this tbo number?' I said. 'No,' she answered. 'It's far enough for me though. The gentleman wants to go on to Madison Avenue.' Then I saw her by tho lierht of the street lamps, ns I turned my horse, walk away in an odd, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in tho pools of water on the pave ment, her poor bonnet half off her head, and nil her handsome hnir dropped down her hack, as if the combs or pins bad fallen out. '?It's poor Lizzie Murray, certain, ' I Baid, and drove towards Madison Avenue. I felt oddly enough to think who had rid den in my cab, nnd that neither of them knew mo. It was anything but a pleasant feeling I had to my passenger, thinking as I did how ho had brought Lizzio to be the poor creature she was, and remembering her such a pretty, light hearted girl; nnd when I came to tho nnmber I felt so mortified that it was hardly in a civil voice that I called :' Here you are, sir!' and waited for rum to get out ot tuo cab. But ho didn't stir. So, after culling again, I jumped from the box and opened tho door. My fare was lying against tho opposite window, ns I thought, sound asleep. 'Hello, sir I' I called. ' We're at No.—' He never moved, I couldn't see his face, but I put out my hand to shako him awake, and felt him so cold and still that I was frightened. When I lifted him up he fall baok heavily upon the seat and I felt sure something was the matter with him. It was a bad position foriue. I thought for a moment what I should do, and then ran up tho steps of tho great bouse opposite mo and rang the bell. A sorvant opened it, nnd n child camorun ning out calling 'l'apa.' That took my breath away, and tho sweet lady's face be hind in tbo hall. - ' This is No.— V I said. ' Yea,' said tho man. ' 'A gentleman told mo to driyo him hero. Ho's in tho cab— ill, I'm afraic,' I said. And I saw the lady turn pale. .'. ' It is not my husband, Mr. Benton ?' sho cried, And I said : 'If Mr. Benton is your husband, ma'am, I'm afraid it is.' . Then tho servant came down to the cab with mo. My faro was lying where I had left- him, his head ngninat t;o side ot the cab. Wo .lifted him,out and took him up tho marble steps into. the great house, .??'-. Tho lady shrieked and the child cried ; ho :BCT«t-tiit^,-;:;.Xh^re%a9lblooU*:aU;.byorbj{t*r:' vest, and whejt wo' unbuttoned it wo found that sonn sharp, small kind of weapon had been plunged into his heart. It must havo killed him at iinec, tho doctors said. 1 think so, too, for I hcaul no cry. ? I had to giro my i- ?:. nco, of courao ; but it was not worth as much ns a bit of paper the policeman found in the cab— a leaf of one of those tracts the street missionaries give to.folks who will take them ; a queer thing to writo such words on on wore writ ten thcro with a pencil. These were the words: ' I havo killed the man who ruined me Ten years ngo he blighted my life. I've fol lowed him to end his, wherever I met him, all thnt time. This is my first chance. I wns a good girl when ho came between mo and heaven, His fato bo on hia own head, ' Lizzie Mukhay.' It did not tell me more than I knew be fore j but I kept all ahut to myself, and was glad they did not find the wretched woman until one dny a body was washed ashore from the East IUver, and some who know tho face said it waa that of Lizzie Murray. I Hrivn mv pnli cfill nnrl TVn \\\nri \\\pHot luck of late, and am well off enough not to ait brooding often as I did that evening. But I never drive it in the evening but that Btory comes back to me, and I feel glad when I see my fares get out alive and well, or if it is empty and I am driving baok, now and then I'll feel my blood curdls and be half afraid to look behind me; for if the ghost atories they toll wore truo, who knows but the spirits of the two I had for passengers onoo might como back to take a horrible rido thore, as bad spirits are said to come some times. 