SPORTING. THE TURF. It is very unfortunate that the Pony Associa tion nnd the Driving Park Club should couio into diicct collision in the way they are doiug. It id very evident that it is war to the knife now between tho two parties, nnd the result will bu watched with much interest l>y the sporting public. I his nilertioon the jonvitig Park Club and the Kosuhill Club hold opposi tion pony meetings at their respective tryst ing places, and iu each instance u good programme will be presented. Tlm first race at Roscliili is timed to start at a quarter to 2, and special train will leave Redfern station for the course at 12.25, 12.43 aud I o'clock. The first race at tho .Driving Park Club's meeting will lie run at 2 o'clock, and special train will nln from town to Moore Park at short intervals. The New Zealand horse Hilda, Antelope and Tcki-uin were landed yesterday, aud will be located at the Dnke of Cleveland Hotel curing their stay here. Thorn curious about Teksum's name have only to read it backward to perceive that it is Musket reversed, Teksfun buin&' by that tfrmit sire from Albatross. There is comparatively little betting doing on the Royal Stake and Birthday Clip. At pre sent the following arc the prices that are ob tain;. bio Royal Stakes: 1U() to S v. P.uldy, I0U to 6 v. Edition, lo & each v. Imdgnu, Muriel. Gresfor-J, Pari and Little Bcrnie, I no to 4 each' v. Repose ami ILaiLlorie, 100 to 3 v. Chorittcr. Bu ihc-av Cup : 100 to 12 v. Hilda, 10'J io 8 v. Th Queen, 100 io <» v. Insigim ami Marie', 109 to 5 each v. May Queen, Mantilla, Stamford, Highborn, Papua, I UU to 4 each v. Hone/dew and Magnus. Tue only Mtdbouniu entries received on Mon day lor the Sydney Turf Club' meeting w. re Rushuun for t he Sicrqfieclsase and Whitsun for tho N'ttr.-ery Handicap. Wanda l'J., who wrm the Exchange Plate at Caiuorbuiy J'ark yete-day. was returned lo her ow ner fur £11, ail of which w ent to the funds of tiif; club. The weights for the next pony meeting to lie held at. Lulie Bridge were declared yesterday uiiu will be fuumi below. Th ; amount o: slakes distributed at Canter bury Park yesterday wan £3g:». Of this Mu sis. W.J. Nou.i na and J. Cornwall n each lo-;.k £75, Messrs. S. Fielder and F. keiivener its £00 each, and Mr. J. Northern £50. Says the Jut( M'lU sporting man of Kiikuum and Karelian Wlieu so tinudi elaborate lug was being made auout the Australian colts during tho winter I warned my spi'dDative reader to leave them alone, having no opinion of l heir Derby prospect. Thu result of iheir puddle of a trial and the miserable exhitnuon at Lincoln of I'lntarch, who caiioped with them, show very clearly that thev have not the ghost of the shadow ui a p|i.tn»'i» lr»i« ih»» n.»rhv-_ lint. Ivi r'.r h-.un 'if. b»:isr. may win some race over long distance if jmiicioudy placed." Young Jaci;o wan withdrawn yesterday from the I'ony Handicap at RoschilJ to-day, Entries close at 5 p.m. to-morrow (Thurs day ) for the pony trotting zneciiim to he held at. Moore Park by the Driving Park Club on Wednesday May 21. 