TAR RUN. Ire pioneer days, Dinger's Run, or Old Tar, as the inhabitants facetiously called it, had, the reputation of being haunted; and the stories told of ghostly sights and sounds were well calculated to make a timid person feel nervous if he fouind himself alone on the road after nightfall. Although it was a noticeable fact that the people who saw the ghosts were those who stopped to quench their thirst at the Three Mile House before they started on their journey home; yet many were credulous enough to believe the tales that were told, and numerouiswere the ludicrous scenes and laughable accidents that occurred in con sequhnce. One old toper, who had not been gifted with second sight, sneered at the marvellous adventures of his friends of the bar-rbons, and came to the conclusion that lie also would see a ghost if it were to be seen at all. Accordingly, one night, after lie had fortified himself with a few drinks, and had stored a full bottle in his pocket, lie started for home with the avowed determination of seeing a spectre if possible. Not far up the Run was an especially haunted spot, and here our toperstopped to watch for the ghost. Looking around for a comfortable seat he espied a small straw stack, and on this he comfortably deposited himself to waituntil the midnight intruder put in an appearance. "And there I sat and watched for that blamed old ghost to come," lie afterward said, when relating his experience; "but it was mighty slow a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the bottle, just to keep myself warm, and pretty soon I did not know anything until daylight; and then I found myself standing on my head in a hollow, and my feet up agin the straw stack. I must have slid off, or Mr. Ghost came along and Inocked me off for spite. But"-this with a snort of disgust-"I did not see any sperrets, and I'll be hanged if I believe there is any; and if the fellows that see so many would keep sober like I do, they would not see one either." Another man-a young one-did not fare quite so well. IIe had escorted his lady love home from church, one night, and had to pass the haunted place to reach his home again. After lingering as long as he dared, lie started for his destination. The night was intensely dark, and to make it worse, a drizzling rain had set in. With eyes and cars alert lie drew near the spectre's haunt. There was no way of escape; lie must go forward or back; so mustering all his courage, he essayed to pass the spot as quickly as lie could. But just then lie heard a slight sound, and stumbled on something lying in the path, which something, with a bellow of affright, sprang to its feet and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghost-seer with it for a few yards, and then dropped him, half dead with fright. How lie reached home the youth never knew, but reach there lie did in a short space of time. Then, when lie had re covered from his fright, and collected his scattered senses, lie knew it must have been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; but his thoughts were of the ghost when lihe fell, and he was sure lie had stumbled upon it. And now comes a strange sequel to our Strephon's adventure. Some years after ward, a tin box filled with golil and silver was found under the very spot on which he fell; and it would be very hard to convince the dwellers at the Run that his disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that the calf was its immediate and ostensible cause. 