mopeltst. ^ I N JE ST; '. On a inorning in the early spring of '-* last year two men stood leaning against 1*i tho mantelpiece of a room in one of the 'ft' soveminent offices. Tho taller of the ?*.'V two— he who was at home in the room — . .^nj « slim, well-dressed man, wearing . ';iia hair parted exactly in the middle,. 'tffljd a diamond pin in the sailor knotof his tiwi His frock coat was open and his throbs were stuck in the armholes of his 1- wajsfcoat. The attitude denoted cora plnej|ncy, and tho man was compla ...^r , - 'SWell, the fanny part of it is.' ho .-' ~. watiiyying lightly, his shoulders pressed ' : agafent the mantelpiece, ' that I am din ing 'Mt the ? Burton Smiths this even .. .- »n£.3 . ' . -. .,;' . .v^y&hl; his companion answered, look ?: ' - , ? ing4;p at him . with eyes of envy. ' And . so you will gaze on her?' ' _ ? '\M©£ course.' .HjLuckydog 1'' ^'SHjjJs to cotne to them to-day. . But ? they j3f?Bot know about our engagement . yet, ananas olie does cot want to blurt it out theclnbment Bhe arrives — 10 for this .???.. .evenirig$twill be a secret. I thought I \- . ? would te^yooi. though. '7 _...'?? . .He srSjiporlyaway ? as he spoke to. ' BtfaighlenS&i; -fed' ? morocco-covered dis ? patch boxgstaijding on ths^able behind liim.' Itpore,- besides the flaunting gilt capitals *^TO.,' a modest plate wilh the name ' Ernest Wibberley — his name. . ; Thepjiher waited until ho resumed Mb ? place.aDdthenheansweredIboldin'outhU : hand:..;A. ?,\ ' ? : .' Yes/} nm glad you told me, old boy. I congratulate you rnost heartily.' . ,;-?.. 'ThanltSyou, Jack. I knew you would.. ''JHKjiier feel myself that 'fate -.eannot -harmCpio. 1 have dined to ? ? - ' dny.1 ' ;?7^\ 'Happy fellow^' retarnedf Jack, and presently disappeared. v ' . Tho Burton . Smiths whom we have ??'?;?. heard them rnontiottjaro tolerably well \- known in London-j^'Barton Smith is » ; _ barrister with. mon-j; and many relations -.-';-: --Irish laadiprds. Scotch mombers, In ,h , _dian judgea.and tho'ij|fco, His wife is ; yomg, STiicbui and^fana of society.. -?' . Heir drajvfng rooms onjthe topmost flat : of OnsWT^SIarjsions— roTOa: with sloping . ceilings' and; a dozen ' ij|aiat nooks and . eoraer»-^-a-B seldom .empty during the . TOjrvUtiot} hotirt. ?,. \'-M- ' This particular dinner wrty had been planned vrithibme -are. im : ? ' Lady Iinacre will alt, no doubt,' \- : Mrs. Burton Smith haiMid one day at : breakfast, coonincr a 1/st^sho held in her .-.,?'. htnd,'1 and Mr. May.'^ v ; . But Burton Smith atrmgly objected to 4 . 'iHe wjll talk of notlwig but India,' ; ;.. . liepnitested; ' and tK«auperiority of ...';?? Calcutta over Lnndob.3 A little of s I* tUede Bombay ducks goera long way, my ; ' dear.' ' ; A ' ' ?'' ' Well,' Jauics,' Slrs.^urton SmithJ ' -? ' replied— 4!0b Hon. Vcrefcjr Bfay is a son '-. i of LrirA. Hawthoru— 'hd^ill take me in \- and I -Jfl not rrjind, Omf \ must have Bfr Wibberloy on the'«icr iiJo to make \, L con'v«r-ation'aiidfkeeKbo alive. Let me ' ' *ee— tfiat will ba «rco. And Joanna ? B'rton— she corneiflut aftei noon— four. : to .yon knowi £pies, when we were at ,. Temple Bothlcgor Christmas I thought there wus lomajBrug between your cousin ? 'and Mr. WibWlcy f' ?- 'ifo y-'.T^^s -y .? . ? ? : ' JhenaBfcoodnew' aaka do Dot let .';??...?? Ihc'm 'UjMy^jyf-' : ? '''-???-. , . ;: ^Jj':;8|pu»o they will chat to each other .?'?'??': *|KPyi»fy. w«JJ.' Mr*.: Smith assented. i ?'? 'iml'hey (ball ait opposite each' other, and ? ??.:-MMr. Wiblwrley «rr*lU»k8 in Mrs. Oalan ': r^Mno. She will bo sure to flirt with him, .?,iwm£iiii ,»e can watch Joan's face. . X shall i$m ''?'' *eo u ll'er6 '* wyto'DB between 'zSgfc .hemthen, ofepprse.' /\\. ..?.-.???. 'Wm~-- ??VTery clever plan, -roy- dear,11 . 'MS Mr. -VibberIqr'w»s a yonn^ man of SM M.meimporUnce.if oply in ltU capscHjr am. -f priv»U secretary (o a minister. Be ^»' :.Hd a iliouiirid acquaintances and cor. ili uioly t*u friends— perhap* tbrep. He WOtt iVfelit bo -TJopiothing some; day. He SParased weli,. looked well, and talked US. well, v He w»» a Wfle oonoefted ; bat St women, like that in young men, and ho MSfeiwlartlnnmlaUct, AtNaiiyrate he bad ^^Ber«r'-et found hlmaeU in ? puce loo This evening as he dressed for dinner he was in his happiest mood. Everything aeomed to be going well wilhhinu He was going to a, house where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And- then there would be, as we know, someone else. 'Lady Linacre,' said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. ' Mr. May you have met-before,' con tinued hishostass, 'anilyou know Miss Burton, too, day ou not ?' He murmured assent, while Joanna shook hauds with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile, perhaps. - He played his part well, loo, for a moment, but halted in his sentence aa it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. He re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, and offered his. arm to Mrs. Galantine. : She was an old friend of his— as friends go in society. Ho had taken her in to dinner,, that is, two or three times. 'Who is-that girl T she asked, when they were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at her vis-a-vis. *'I declare she would be pretty if her nose were not so short.' ? He seized the. excuse to put up' his glass, too, and tak§ a look. ' It is rather short,' ha admitted, gaz ing with a whimsichl sense of ownership at the deficient organ. ' 'Bui some people like short noses, don't you know ?' ' . . 'And theatreB in August, and draw ing room gameB and conundrums 1 r But seriously, she would be prettjj if it were not for that.' . - ? 'Wouldshe?' ' ?' Well, I think she would,, do you know ?' ..,.-': And certainly Joanna -was pretty, though her forehead- was too large, her nose too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes were bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not form one of her attractive points. . Wibbetley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet he had would fit them.. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet — a sketchy gold' thing. He wondered whother ho should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be 'more pleusant to measure the wrist for himself. ? ' But Mrs. Galantine returned to the charge fresh as a rose. . !' She is a cousin, .is she not ?' slfo said, speaking so loud, that Joanna looked across and smiled. ? 'I have never met her before. Tell mo all about her, please.' ?.. I' Tell- her all about. her!' Wibber'.ey gasped. . He saw a difficilty in obeyins, as the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. He cast an appalled- glanco round the table, then he bent io hiB task. ' 'Mrs. Galantine,' he -murmured sweetly, cpnfidentially, ' pray— pray be ware of becoming a — a potato V. \ Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. ? 'How horrid! A potato. Mr. Wib berley ?' What do you mein ?' '' ? ? ' What I say.' ? - '1?bw, how could I become a potato ?' .. \'. You see my plate ? It is a picture. You have there the manly beef and (he feminine peas, so tender, so young ! And the potato is tho confidant — it is insipid. Iio you agree with me?' ? - . .- ' Bravo, Mr. Wibberley ! '. But ,am. 1 to apply the parable ?' she asked, glanc ing sharply across the table with her fork uplifted and a pea upon it.. 'I am to be the potato V ' ? '- ' The choice is with you,' he replied. Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in liis- companion, grewj puzzled. Look as often as slie might at Joar.na.she saw no sign of jenlonsy or selfconscious ness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to be enjoying horself to the full, and to be as much interested as anyone at table. Mrs. Burton Smith sawcloarly thsJRhere. was nothing between the two. ; - But Wibbfriey's success with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew rest less. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vereker May had reached that period of the even ing when. India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing each other fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. .They were therefore about on a par os to information, .and what the ybnnger man lacked in obstinacy he made op by readiness. It was in vain the na bob blustered, asserted, contradicted — finally grew sulky, silent, stertorous. Wibberley pushed his triumph; and soon, as we ahull see, paid for it dearly. It so happened that he was the last to enter the .drawing-room. The evening was chilly. Tho ladies had gathered round the fire, protected from assault by a couple of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The incomers passed one by ono through these outworks — all but Wibber ley. He csst a despairing glance at Joonna, who was by tho fireplace in tho heart of the citadel ; and then, resigning himself to separation, he took a law chair by one of the tables and begati to turn liver the books thereon. He scanned them all, and then his eyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on the olive green plush— a sketchy gold bracelet with one big boss— Joanna's. He looked at the rest of the party with a stealthy glance. None of them' faced his way. They wcro discussing a photo graph of children on the over-mantel. He stretched his band out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pat tern,and to-morrow Joanna should ransom it. He tried to catch her oyo, as his fingers closed on it. Ho wanted to see her face change and her color rise. -. It would havo added to tho faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if sho bsd been privy to it, yet utinble to prevent it. ? But she would not look, and ho was obliged to be content with his |-!ui:dt-r. Ho slid Iho trinket deftly unilor tho fringe of tho table and clasped it on his arm. Ho had a keen ionso of tlio ridicu lous, and ho would not for all tiro, world that anyone besides Joinim should know of tho act ; that doddering old fouxi) til a May, for initanoe, who, however,, win safe enough— standing on the hearth-rug with hit back turned and his' *1nw mind forming an opinion on tho photograph, Thon WibWloy began to find tho psrtydull. He saw small chance of a private word with Joanna, Lady Lin acre, fii» nearest neighbor,, wm prosing on, -to Mm Barton Bralih, bit n»t nearest. And he himself; after shining at dinner,- had fallen- into the back ground. Hang it, he would go. It was ten o'clock. He rose,' and was stooping across the table murmuring his excuses to his hostess, when liady Linacre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and the. lamp at the moment, and he fancied he had touched her head dress. ? ' ^ 'Pray pardon me. Lady Linacre! he . cried, gaily. 'I am juat going — I have fo leave' early — so the eucroach ment will be but for a moment.' ' It is not that,' the old lndy-eplied. ' But oh ! whore is my bracelet _?'?? She was feeling about' tho table as she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands the few volumes that lay on it. Jfo. one, on .the instant, however, Boemed to take in the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and .nas listening to Wibherley. The others were talking. Lady Linacro was used to attention ; and when she spoke again her voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. ' Where is. my bracelet f' she repeated. ' The ono with tho Agra diamond I was showing you, ilrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone 1' Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. Ho heard the old lady's words, but did net clearly npply them. He finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as he turned recol lected himself and said with polite solici tude : ...'?- . ' What is it, Lady Linncre? Have you dropped something ?' ? He stooped as he spoke, and. she drew her skirls aside, and both peered at the floor, while those sitting near asked : ? ' What is it, Lady Linacre ? What have you lost ?' ?'=?'?. 'My Agra diamond!' sho .replied fussily, her head quivoring, her fingers groping about her silk flouncea. ' No 1' said someone in surprise. ' Yes,' she' returned dismally. . ' Why, it was here a moment ago. ? I saw it in your hind.1' :? The' old lady held out her wrists; ' ' See for yourselves. I have not got it,' she said, feebly. ? . . 'But are you sore it isfmot in, yon? Inp V asked Burton Smith. ' Lady Linacre bad an ample lap. : By this time the attention of the whole party, had been^drawn' to the loss', arid one or two of. the most prudent looked *uncomf6rtable. . . * . ? . ' ' - ' No ; X atn sure: I laid it on'tho tablo by my side! I was going to put it on irhcn the gentleman came in, and — it is gone 1' . She wa3 q'uito. clear nbout it, and looked mildly at. Wibberly for confirma tion. The table ;ft«ji. between them. She thought lie mast httye seen it lying thera, Mrs. Burton Smith' being tho only person close to the tablej% ' . ? '? Burton Smitl' 3rw-'the look. ? ' I say, Wibberly,' appealing to him half in fun, half in earnest,' you have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow?' 'I? Certainly not.' To this 'da v Ernest Wibberly wonders when he first made the discovery of what he had done — that ho had taken the wrongbracelet. It was not early — it was not until the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that ho felt himself redden and awoke to the. consciousness- that tho bracelet was on his own arm. He might have said at once, ' By Jove 1 I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind,' but such- excuses to avail mnst be made at once, and he. hesitated. Then each moment made. the avowal more difficult and less possible, .until his host asked him if ho had hidden' it for a joke, and he had answered with well feigned sur prise : ? ? ? ? 'I? Certainly not.' Afowof the guests weropeerinQslupidly about as if ther expected to find tho lost article in a flower vase or' within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess slayed these explorations. ' Wait a moment 1 I have it !' Bhe cried, raising her head. . 'Well?' from several, i. 'John must have found it when he brought in the tea. Ring the bell, James, do, and wo will ask him.' . So it wa* dene. John came in and the question was put to him. 'Yes, sir,' he answered, roadily; '1 saw n bracelet on this table by the lamp.' Ho indicated the tablo near La'ly Lin acro. 'Did you move it?' .'Move it, .Bir 1' the- man repented, surprised by the question, tho silence, and the strained faces turned to. him. 'No, sir, certainly not. - I saw it when 1 was handing the tea to — to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was.' ' Ah, well, that is all.' You may go,' answered his master. ' It was not possible to doubt the man's face and manner. But' when hd had left the room an uncomfortable silenco^cntued. ' ., ' It is very strange,' Faid Burton Smith, looking from one to the. other, and then groping under the table. . . ' It is very arrange,' Wibberly mur mured. Ho felt bound to say something. Ho fancied the otiiors, and.particulnrly Mny, u-ero dating special lonks at him. He felt as if ho wore each instant betraying himself by his changing color. . ' It cost,' quavered L»dy Linacro,' ir relevantly but by no means impertinently —'it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; and that was before it was sot. ? . . . ?A hush fell upon the room. r 'Fourteen thousand pounds 1' Barton Smith oxcloimed. . ' . ' ' No, no, not pounds, rupees,' the old lady hastily added. ' ' 'I nrdeniand,1' he replied, rubbing his head. ' But that is a good anm.' - ' It is over a thousand pounds,' said the Indian, civilian, stjutly. . ? . ' But good gracious, James 1' said Mrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, ' why'aroynu valuing Lndy Linacre's jewollory instead of finding it for her ? It' was on this tablo fifteen minutes ago. Where- in it now?'' .. ...'.. 'If nnyono is doinv this fora juko,' began her husband, 'Ihono— ' ?? For a jok? I' cried the lw«tci», 'I say, my diar,' ho persisted, 'if onjonois joins thfi for a Su^a 1 hopo hs will on n up. It his gone far cnoupli,' Thcroiru a ohorus of assent, half in dignant, half exaulpatory. But no one owned to the joke or produced tho braou let. 'WpII, woll, I'noverl' Mm, Burton Smith exclaimed. And m the oomnnny looked at each otlier It eeomod of if they also- had nover known nnythlns quite to extraordinary. ' Koally, Lady Linacro, I think it mutt be aomeiihero abnut yon,' mid tho hoit at-lflsfeWKpuJd you mind givrqayonr. self a g^jhttkejiut toaati.f/mff1''^ She rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest said : ? ' Yon need not trouble yourself, -Lady Linacre. It is not abont you.' The Honorable Yepfker May was still standing by the fireplace. There was a curious dryness in his tones, and he glanced from the dowager to' Wibberley. 'Then -where is it?' retorted Mrs. Galantine. 'Do you know ?' '?If you do, for goodness' sake speak out,' Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. . ??''.'. Everyone turned and stared- fixedly at the Indian civilian. ., ..' Yon had better ask Mr. Wibberley,1' said tho nabob.' This was all. But something in his' tone produced an electrical effect on every one. ' Joanna turned red andrpale, and flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. . He looked furtively at Wibberloy, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberley hod thought himself merely, in an awkward fix, from which he mnst escape as best he could, at the expense of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of self-respect. But now 1 at the first sonnd of the In dian's voice he saw his danger — that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. His presence cf mind Beemed to fail him. The room, the ex pectant faces turned to him, all with that strange- expression on them, swam round before him. He hud to lay his hand on a chair to steady himself. But he did steady himself, so far that those who marked his agitation did not know whether it- proceerled from anger or fear. He drew himself up and looked straight' at his , accuser, holding the chair suspended in his hands. ' Whatdo you mean t' said he. The. civilian returned his . gaze, and eaid, in cool, measured accents : \ ? 'I should not have spoken if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to us— if any joke was being playod to con fess it' 'Well?' .-' . ; .??,'? . a; 'Well, only this,' the old' gentleman replied ; 'I saw you yourself take Lady Linacre's bracelet from that table a Tew minutos before it was missed, Mrl Wib berley.' ??'.??''? . 'Yousaw me?' ''. ': ?' This time there. was the ring of honest defiance in Wibberley's tone. If He felt certain of one thing it was. that no one bad been looking at him when. the un lucky deed was done. ?--, . : 'I did,' replied the civilian; dispas sionately. 'My back was toward you, butmy'ejes wero.on; this mirror— 'he touched an oval glass in a Venetian frame which stood on the mantel, 'and I saw quite clearly. Iain bound ? to say that, judging by tba expression of ypur face, I waB assured that it was a trick you were playing — a jest.' '-.-.-*. . ' . 'And.now?'- ?' V , .. ' Wibberley. tried to smile. .' Buthe could' not.. He shook all over. He felt himself —and this time it wis no fancy— growing livia. '?' ''''??.'?': ??'. ''-?..?.??? ' To' the best of my belief, the bracelet is on your left arm now,', added the civilian. ?'?? , '.;;.'? Wibherley tried to master, but could not, the. impulse to glanco down at hia wrist. The idea that the bracelet might be visible overcame him. Ho looked down. Of couise there was nothing to be seen ; he might have known it, for he. felt the hot clasp of the horrible thing burn ing his arm inches higher. But when he looked up again, fleeting as had been his glance, he found that. something aaful had happened to him. He faltered,' and the chair dropped from his hands. He had never met such looks before. He read in every face save one suspicion and con demnation. Thief and liar! He read tho .words in the eyes of his quondam friends.! Yet he would, he must brazen it out ; and though he could not utter a word, he looked from them to Joanna. . The girl's face was pale and scared. But her eyes— they answered his right eagerly — were full of indignation. Thny held no suspicion. The moment his look fell on her sho spoke. . ? ? ' Show them your arm 1' she oried im pulsively. ' Show them you havo not got it, Ernest !' Thoro was such scorn,- such generous passion in her voice that it did not naed the tell-tale name which fell Co glibly from her lips to betray hor secret— at least to the women. Show his arm I Ah, that was just what he could not do! And as he compre hended it he gnashed hiB teeth. He saw himsolf netted and entmppod, and his rage and misery . wore so written in his face that the best and most merciful of thnse about him turned away. in shame and pity. Even the girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first spasm of doubt and fear. Her words, her suggestion, had taken from him his lost chance. Ho saw it was bo. He felt the Nemesis the more bitterly on that ac count ; and with a wild gesture, and some wilder words, he ' turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized lu» hat and went down Iho street. ? : His' feelings when he found himself outside were such as it Is impossible, to describe in smooth, passionless sentences, Ho. had wrecked his honor and happiness ;u an hour. Ho had lust his place- among \:n through a chance word. We talk in,. I read of a thu'nderhplt from the blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Soikj law- abiding oltizen .whom a moir.-'nt's passion has made a murderer, soina strong man whom a stunning blow has loft crushed and writhing on the ground, a twisted cripple— only-' these could fitly describe hit misery and despair as ho travelled tho streets. . It was raisory ho had brought on himself,' and yet how far the punUhmont exceeded tho o/Tenoo I How immonsely tlio »harao-and exposure' exceeded- the' guilt! He hsd lieoV and the lie had mado him'a tluof. ?? .' . Ho wont up to his rooms liko one in a dreanr, and, scarcely: knowing what bo did, tore tho bauble off his arm and Jung' It ob tho mnutcl. By his last act of bring inH It away he had madobli position a hundred times more serious, bntho did not at onon. remomber tUis;.,-Airtor . ho had itita whilo with liis head between his bands, wondering if this really were him* self— if this really hid happonod to him, Oils dreadful thins 1 bo began to soo nqre clearly. Still, he could not at onoa mako on lilt mind what to do. Beyond iorno hsiy idea of returning thobraaalot by the first poit find going on the oontlncnt— of oourso lie muit reilgn hU etnplojmont— ha had tattled uotliinft, whon a atop -out1 sldo.mndo him itart to his feet. Some ono knocked at the door of hli chamber*. He stood listening, utruok by*« tudden fear, ' Tho poliou I' ho uld to himself. Bat o momont'i thought sitlillpd 'Mm: thaUt^afclniprobsbUjf U?V4mpe*|lbl*S t^s&J.; A — * ^^ . - - that this summons should be theirs ; and he went to the door listlessly and'threw it open. .On thamat stood Burton Smith in a soft slouched hat, hia hands throst into the pockets of hi* overcoat. that he waa alone ; and trvprtj .leaving him to shut : the door, returned to hia chair and sat down with his head between: his hands again. He looked already a broken man. ? - ? . - Barton Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. '' It .is bad to have had such a scene as has been described at your house, but it is worse, if a man boa man, to face a fellow creature in his time of shame. ? . ' Look here, Wibberley,' ; aaid Burton Smith at length, at' much embarrassed aa if he had been the thief, 'it will be better to hush thia.np. Give me this confonnded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacre, and the thing aball - go -io further.' . _ Hia tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat hia question, when Wibberley gave him no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even then the man with the hidden face did not speak, hut pointed with an impatient gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the place indicated, and looked. He was anxious to spare tho culprit aa far as pos sible. Yes, there was the /confounded bracelet. Ho seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from the place with all speed. But he laid it down the next instant quickly as. he had taken it up, aid his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companion. ' This is not the bracelet,' ho said. There was no smack of old affection in his tone now ; it was wholly hostile. His patienco waB exhausted. 'It was a diamond bracelet of great value .that Lady Linacro lost, as yon know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or three pounds. For heaven's sake, man!' he, added with sudden vehemence, 'for your own sake, do not play the fool now. I say, wake tip, Wibberley. For Go'd'a aako where is the bracelet?' No doubt despair had partially be numbed Wibberley's mind, fur still he Jid not speak, and Burton Smith' had to put his question more than onco before he got an answer.. When Wibherley at last looked up it.was with a dazed face. .'What is it I' ho muttered, avoiding the other's (raze. ' ' ' This is not Lady Linacre's bracelet.' 'It is not r 'No.' ' . Still confused, still avoiding, the other's grave look, Wibberley rose, took the bracelet in his hand and glanced askance at it. Then Burton Smith saw hiaf start violently. : ^~ ' It is of the same shape,' repeated :the barrister, ice in his voiceths thought the exchange a foolish, transparent arti fice. ' But Lady Linacre's bracelet has a large brilliant where that baa a plain boss. That is not Lady Linaote's brace let. Wibberley. ° . . The accused man tnmed away, the circlet in his hand, and went to th? win-' dow,1 where he stood for if-, .oment with out looking out into the darkness. -The curtains were not drawn. As he stood there, otherwise motionless, his shoulders trembled to violently' that a certain dreadful suspicion seized his late hoat ; and the latter desisted from watching him and looked .about for a vial or a glass. At the end of the minute WVoborley. turned. For the first time he confronted his -visitor. His 'eyes were, strangely bright, his face very pale ; bat bit mouth was strong and firm. '1 never said it was, you know,' he answered grimly. 'What was!' ' I nevor said it was Lady Linacro's. It waB yon who said that,' be continued, hi« head high, a singular change evident in his demeanor, an incisiveness almost harsh in his tone. 'It was you— you who suspected me ! I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it.' - ' And whose bracelet Is it !' Barton Smith asked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by .the sudden change in the man's demeanor aa by hia denial. - ' ' It is Joanna Barton't. We are en gaged,' Wibberley replied : tternlyr-so, . entirely had the two. men changed plaiios.; 'She intended to.tell yon'to- morrow.. I saw it on the table and secreted it- when I thought no one was looking. . It was a foolish thing to do.'; ' ,. '/ ,'? ? . : ? ? 'And it was my cousin't bracelet that May saw you take ?' ' '. ?s \ ; ''. 'Preoisely.' ' ' ?' Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that we need not repeat here. Then he added: ?-£»?.?'.- '?' .' ; ' But why on earth, old fellow, did yon not explain 1''- ' '. ' . -..-. .-' Firstly,? Wibberley . replied with force,,'' because .!? should have.had :ito proclaim,'-*n-y engagement' to- all, thota fools,' and^r'nad'nbt Joanna's pjrraluibn todothat And:*ec6ndly-w«51, I:did. not wish to confess; to being such an idiots aa.I actually was.'*-- ' ' . ? v ,t',Umph I' iaid Burton Smith, slowlyr art-odd light in hit eyes. ' I .think yofr were a fool; but— you will shake hands-1'- ? .' Certainly; old chappie.' . ? And they did so very warmly.: ? ? ' Now,- then,' .continued the barrister, his- face .becoming serioui again; 'the question it, where is Lady Linacre ? bracelet t': ? — . ' -. : ' -. 'That is hardly my busmen,' laid Wibborley. ?» I am ture yon will eictue my savinn so. I have had troubla enough with it— I know that— and if ypudott't mind I'm off to bed.'! - ' '..? Bat though hit friend left him on the instant, Wibberley did noli.gotdbedi* once. Mr. Burton Smlthj hurryinK home ward-to find wheajlie winked Onflow Mansions that Lady Lintore's; bracelot had heon discovered, in a. flounce, of her dreta— would have been very rnuch sur prised 'iud«-d oould'he have looked into the chambers a rnlnutelafter hit own dr parturc. 'He would have seen his frietiu. oa'tt down on his 'Ttnoest before » Rrrsit oha(r, Mi faco hidden, hit form shaken by wild, hysterical tabbing. For ones Wibberley wm movc4 to the Inmost depths of. -nature. U U not given to M men to awake and find their doom,-- dream. ' Only in drwmt does the cripple get hltjtwngth tutin.-andUw mur derer hit old place among hit fellow mon. Wibberley was fortunate. ?. And the lotton-did ho Uko it to heart f Well, lessons an* moralt an out offwhlon. Oh, aUy— «k Joanna, Sha should know. .^.- ^ y-~i Wain thon art oWlgid (o mak. ba ton to iptaktht tnihlfor MBhreM&on; ithMf way 