CURLEW LADIES' NIGHT. THE first Ladies' Night of the season took place on Thursday evening in the Fitzroy Town Hall, when there was a very large attendance, a considerable number having to stand throughout the performuance. The programme was an excellent one, though rather lengthy. The Curlew Orchestra opened the con cert with " Preciosa," and " Curlew. Midnight Revels," both well played and applauded. Master C. Sweetman was, for a wonder, nervous, but sang " I Dreamed a Dream " sweetly. The - Curlew Quartette Party fully sustained its reputation, and gave " A Soldier's Love" and "Comrades in Arms" withs splendid effect. Mr. H. Rofe sang Sullivnn's " Lost Chord" very patheti. rally. Miss Emma Gosbell lIsas a very pleasing voice, andl sang Denz 's " Yes, I will"splendidly. M1r. W.Gladstone Simons read one of his own complosi tions, "Little Freddie," a lumorous. piece, which secured an encore, "The Sturdy Oak and Clinging Vine" being substituted and applauded. An instrn mentalduet,"Cygnet March," by Mr.F. Ireland, was well renderel Iy thie coni poser and one of his pupils, Miss Alice Riley. Miss Coln and Mr. hector E. Hall took part in a dramatic scene from Shaklespeare's "As You Like it," which was fairly well done, though too lengthy for a concert item. After an interval, the Curlew Orchelstra again led off, and thoroughly deserved the applause whlichl followed their numbers. "The Jolly Coppersmith," a vocal and whlistling march, was well played, whilst the Gavotte "La Comtessa" is a desirable addition to tihe Orchestra's repertoire. We have heard Mr. H. Altmant sing better than he did on this occasion, thoughI "Sunshine and Slhade" is a good piece. Miss Jessie Humphrey is a new performer at these concerts, and is a pupil of Mr. S. Lamble. She chose Blunmentlhal's "Sunshine and Rain" as her introductory number, and sang it so well as to deserve tihe encore demanded. In response she gave, with humor and elfec:, "Comin' thro' the Rye." Pinsuti's song, " The Bugler," as sung by Mr. Ure, was certainly the song of the evening, and afforded the singer an opportunity of displaying a finely cultivated voice. Tihe lateness of the hour prevented an encore. Miss and Master Kortlang recounted in verse . some "Family Troubles" of ratlher a lengthy character, but notwithstanding this, the audience insisted on a repeti tion, so it is evident they were relished. Mr. N. La Feuillade s capacities as a violinist are too well-known to need comment, but he certainly played in Ihis best style on Thursday. Re chose a " Fantasis on Scotch Airs," arranged by himself, and some of these lovely old melodies wvre exquisitely rendered;. The imitation of the bagpipes was per fect, and an encore was vociferously. demanded, but declined owing to the.. lateness of the lhour. Mr. Gladstone Wright always sings well, and fully, maintained Ihis reputation with " My. Life for Thee;'," which was decidedly one of the best numbers on the pro gramme, and was sung so as to deserve an encore. The Curlew Quartette Party again contributed.two excellent part-songse'' f Donihty Deeds, andy "The Drowsy Woods." Thesolo in the latter song was well sung by 'Mr. Pallett, thle humming ;accompaniment. being finely rendered. A fine pro gramme was Ibrought to a conclusion by MIr. Will Watkins, whlo sang "Binn'a Ghost" so well as to secure an encore from tihe enttusinstic lovers of the comic. Mr. F. Ireland acted as accompanist in his usual accomplished manner, and to the strains of the National Antlhmc tile audience de parted, well pleased with the pro gramme placed before thcm. In fact, its only drawback, as we stated before,, was its length, but the excellence ofE the items reconciledl tihose whlo had not. trains to catch to this., That the club is still as popular as ever- was evidenced by thle crewded state of the Ihall. -t 