WHERE DID THE "GHOST IDEA" COME FROM P (LO?DOte SPECrATOD.) Lady Welby has been very badly reported, so badly that it is difficult to decide from the condensed account of in tI'e 7smes whether she was on the side of the materioalitsor on that of the angels. It is evident, however, even from that report, that the question she raised, before the British Association of Leeds, was one of the first intellectual importance, and one whits.l, though not new, has nvcer, we believe, been qiuite adqusliately discussed. She asked whether those who lmlieve that human thought, like man himself, is a product of slow evolution continued through entire cycles of time, recogniso one great "break" in the process, or, if they do neot recognise it, how they account for the intrusion of the " ghost idea." The governine notion of thoee who consider that thie luman intellect is a result of evolution, is that moan slowlyaccumu. lated experience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, andby meditation, arrived at last at abstract and non.material thought. ie consideredrthe effectofrevengo,for example, and its operation in tribal sodiety, till he arrived at the idea of just revenge, or, as we call it, of justice; and finally, his horizon ever widening, tat the lofty conception that forgiveness might occasionally, or even frequently, be more to the general advanltag, or, in other words, miglht be nobler, and thlereforo to hbo adopted. That theory loaves a great deal unexplained-for instance, the original di:liuty why one par p ttcular animal should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary-bit s. still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a great arrny of facts, and does, if accepted, explain a great many of the phenomena. Msuch of thought is certainlya resultof expe rience and observation, mnd luch more msay be; and if we allow limitless time, andconcede r that man forgets very little--a concession, by the-way, wholly at varinnce with his known history--we may extend the result of teaching s by experience until it covers nearly the whole field of human intelligence. It does not, huw. over, cover quite the wholo field. There is always oneprodigious" break," as Lady Welby callsit-m-nasely, the intrusion of the "ghost idea," using that term either to indicate the whole body of beliefs about the supseruutural, or the spceia conceit that moan will live again. 1How did that fancy creip into man's minsld, and I at last sasulne its dominance there Y Clearly I he c:nnot have derived it fronm experience. Ite I certainly dlid not live again himsi, ef. ve n in the I tertinry period, usd it does not lie in the mouth of purely scientifit men to aflirbn that he had any evidence that ans body elso dlid. What evilence could lie lvive Y Of csurse, if he actually saw or heard or smelt the ssihals of poersons who had returned from another state of being, he hall evidence Supon which to construct his theory ; but i there is no one in the full li'ght oiscience pour ing on his mind who will asnmit for a moment the possibility of any occurrence of the k:iud. iNobody in scientifle belief ever saw a ghost, or heard a ghost: or smelt a ghost ; and how then did the ghost idea come iin ? how, that is, did a belief opposed to continuous human expe rience generate itself iti the human mind ? Most illusions are the consequence of a mis understanding of phenomnsoa; but in this instance there are no phenomena to sis understand. nothing whatever - of any sort that coull' even remotely tend to induco recepition of the fallacy. No animal lives amisn, and no vegetable, except in its origilnal form, and with its original iluali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break ii the development of the human mind, a sudden step back, ias Ladiy Welby says, from the process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of noenseso i fact-a step all the more remarkable because it cannot have conduced towards survival. On the contrary, it must have tended to waste the mental iowers of those whio nmado the step, as well as their time, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to have given to the better and stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantago in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this world more endurable to them. salves. It was not so, however, for the menl specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all anaalogy to have perished as victims of a mental ltisease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for cotilnuous pro. gross, and are now more gifted than any other division of the human species. What is, or can be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the explanation of that ? Itnmay be saidthat primitive man was sublect, like the modern man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in one way correct. Man was pro bably very slow to separato the evidence of dream from the evidenco of fact. The native of Guiana, Mr. Jim Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream is pert of his actpal life, thatif Ihe dreams you have assailed him' he will, on waking, assail you with a violence which, to-. his victim, or intended victim, is quite inexplicable. But then, how did the ghost idea get into the dreams.? People dreas odd things, hut they do not dream absolutely new things--that is, things notonly outside their experience, but outside the imagination developed from thinking about the collected results of e~pcrienc either per sonal or inherited. Nobody over dreamt of men who wore not snun, unless hie had pre viously conceived of spirits'or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantuasti call but not actually creating them out of nothing Otherwise man would have self. geriorated thoughts or impressions when sleoop; and the evolutionary hypothesis would nece. sarily go to pieces. And even if a main did in a dream see a spook, and get the notion that it was himself or another appearing atter death a very wild supposition-why should that par ticular dream, unsupported by general expe rience, and, indeed, opposed to general exile. rience, be the one dream which mastered the worlil ? It would not explain anything to primitive mail, or help him ill the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort ; for if we know anything about savages-and we kliow very little-it is that the ghost-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did he sinigle out na un comfortable dream-born fantasy, to isake of it an important motor in his career, a career of which all the rest consisted in utilising slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur rent facts ? The occurrence of dreams will not oexphdin the "step back," nor will the theory, once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. VWhenco the fear of whathad never happened ? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, still Ices to cause so tremenudous an effort of the imsagination as the existence of lifoe after death. Grant Popo's nation that the savage fears the thunder or the tempest tillle recog. niscs in them some power above himself, asnd still there is no relation betwees that fear. which, moreover, ought to have weakened anrd not strengtlhened lhim, adt tihe niotion of a future state which he lid never seen cr heard of. The lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The converse idea is better thans that--snmanly, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desiro fore a happier life; but that also explains very little. Why did that particular wish become so concrete as, in the teeth of all experience, to become a fith ? No othler wish did, not even the savage' greatest wish of all, for more easily procurable food. We do lnot think much of the argument to which Laly W?eby appears to at. tach force, that no other aninmal has been victimised by the ghost.illusion, for we do not know int the least what animals think; and so far as we csnsee, man is thles only animal who accumulates thought.experiernce, or, indeed, except in the most limited degree, any e.-peri cance at all. But, conflining the airgument to man, what made him acceplt a weakeninag illu sion, contradicted by every fact of lwhich he or his fathers had any cogaisnauc ?o Roe believed ina thing which he had never son or heard of, and for which, through all the cycles duringg which he was necumulating from experience the materials of thought, he had no evidaeco what ever. Why? ? To us, and we suppose to all Christians who lhave thought upon the subject, there appear to be only two reasonable answiers to that ,lues. tieso. One, which in practice is, of course, quitofutile, is that primitive man actuallyhsad evidence tliat he had sen or Iheard at some time or other that wlich inspired conviction in his mind. He became as sure of anotlher lifo ns of the action of sunlight, and for the same reason, because he had watched its marsifestations. This, whlich was the universal theory of the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, we quite admit, a purely con jeetmual hypothesis. Wce know little, except by conjecture, of the exneriensce of primitive man, notiingwhstevcr cfhIis mind, anid, abovomll, nothing whatever of his thoughts about things non.material. He may have had a great many, as some existing savages have; or he nmay have had none, as seemnsto be the case--and possibly only seems--with some of the very lowest tribes. Ho may have been closer to the in. viasibloworld than we are, as the legeids of all races affirm; or he may have bess, as the modern animals are supposed to be, much further off. There can be no evidence on thi subject, and, except as an intellectual exercise, it must always be useless to discuss it. The other answer is that, whatever the truth about the eoslution of thought-and hpat of the theory is almost visibly true-some thoughts must be intuitional, must. that is, have been generated in man origiially by some external power. Nothing is self-generated; and yet they do not spring from experience, which, in fact, so faras material expersenso is coscerned, desnics and refutes them. The first of those thoughts-it is not the only one-is that idea of the future rtato to which .ady \Wolby refers as the great "' break" in the evolution of mind, the conception which should have burdened its recipients in the great race, and soextinguished them, but which, on the contrary, on evidence admitted by materialists, made them run the faster. That thought certainly did not come from experience; and if it did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully the existence of the present mind of man? 