B E A T B I C E. • BY RIDE& MAGGAHD, Author of "She," Allan Quatermain," " King Solomon's Mines," &o.; CHAPTER XVL—Continued. Geofirey sat down, and .lit a cigarette, "A pleasant home-coming," he thought to himself." • ' Honoris shall have money, as. much as she can spend—if I kill ipyself to get it, die shall have it. What a life ! What a life! 1 wonder if Beatrice would treat her husband , like thi^r-if she had onp." . . _ He laughed aloud at the absurdity of die , .idea, -and then, .with a gesture of impatience, threw tys cigarette into .the fire, and went to his room to try and get some sleep, for he was thoroughly wearied. . CHAPTER XVTL . . •'. OPOFFBEY WINS HIS CASE, •.. > Before ten o'clock on. the fallowing morning, ; having already spent two hours over his brief, that he bad: nqw thoroughly mastered, Geffrey \- was at his chambers, which he had some difficulty in teaching owing to the thick fog that still-hung. over London, and indeed all Eo his surprise nothing had been heard either o£ the Attorney-General or of Mr. Can- /dleioa. The Solicitors were in despair; bat be consoled them by saying that one or the other was sure to turn up in ^time, and that a few , words would .suffice to explain the additional light which had been thrown on the case. He occupied his half-hour, however, in making a '. few rough notes to guide him in the altogether ' inflprobaDle event of his being called upon to open, 'and then Went into Court. The case ' was first on the list, and. there were a good . many counsel.engaged on the other side. Just ; as the Judge took nis seat, the solicitor, with . an expression of dismay, handed Geoffrey - a ' telegram which had th&t; moment arrived from 1ft Candleton. - It was dated from Calais on I the Iprevious night, and ran, "Am unable to cross on account of thick fog. You had better get somebody else in Parsons and Douse." . "And we haven't got another brief prepared," said the agonized solicitor. "What5is more, I can hear nothing of the Attorney- General, and his clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjoiirn- , meat,'. Mr. Bingham ; you can't manage the case alone." ''Very well," said Geoffrey, and on the case being. called he rose and stated the circumstaaoee to the Court. But the Court was crusty. It had "got the fog down its learned throat, and altogether it didn't seem to see it. ..Moreover, the other side, marking its advan- ' iage, objected strongly. The witnesses, brought at great expense, were there ; His Lordship was there, the Jury was there; if this case was not taken there was no other with which they could go on, &c;'. The Court took the same view, and lectured Geoffrey severely. ' Every counsel in a case, the Court remembered, when it was at the Bar, used to be able to open their case at a moment's notice; and though things had, it implied, no doubt deteriorated to a considerable extent since those palmy days, every counsel ought still to be prepared to do so . on emergency. Ofoourse, however, if he (Geoffrey) told the Court that he was absolutely unprepared to go on. with the case, it would have no option but to grant an adjournment. * T I am perfectly prepared to go on with it, my Lord, Geofirey interposed calmly. Very well," said the Court in a mollified -toncv "then go on*" I have no doubt that thelearned Attorney-General will arrive presently. Then, as is not unusual in a probate suit, followed an argument as to who should open it, the plaintiff or the. defendant. Geoffrey claimed, that this right clearly lay with him, and ttm opposing counsel raised no great objeo- • tion, thinking that they would do well to leave the opening in the ha-nyfa of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his aide more hann than good. So, somewhat , to the horror of the solicitors, who thought frith longing of the eloquence of. the Attorney- Geneeal, and the unrivalled experience and finesse of Mr. Candleton, Geoffrey was called upon to open the case for the defendants, propounding the first wilL He rose, without fear or hesitation, and with but one prayer in his heart, that no untimely Attorney-General would put in an appearance. He had got his chance, the chance for which many able men have to wait long years, and he knew it, and meant to make the most of it. Naturally a brilliant speaker, Geoffrey was not, •as so many good speakers are, subject to-fits of nervousness, and he was, moreover, thoroughly master of MB case. In five minutes Judge, Jury, and counsel were all listening to him with attention; in ten they were absorbed in the^ lucid and succinct statement of the facts which he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at first received with a smile, Dut presently counsel on the other side ceased to smile and began to look uneasy. If he could prove what he said there was an end of their case. When he had been speaking for about forty minutes one of the opposing counsel interrupted him with some remark, and at that momm he noticed that the Attorney- General's clerk was talking to the solicitor beneath him. "Bother it, he is coming," thought Geoffrey. But no f the solicitor tending forward informed him that the Attorney-General had been unavoidably detained by some important Government matter, and had returned his brief. ' Well, we must get on as we can," Geoffrey said. "If you continue- like that we shall get on very welL" whispered the solicitor, and then Geoffrey knew that he was doing well. " Yes, Mr. Bingham!" said His Lordship. Then Geoffrey went on with his statement. At lunch time it was a question whether another leader should be briefed. Geoffrey said that so far as he was concerned he could get on alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had got a friend to "take a note" for him while he was speaking. After some hesitation the solicitors decided not to brief fresh • counsel at this stage of the cause, but to leave it entirely in his hands. It would be useless to follow the details of this remarkable will suit, which lasted two days, and attracted much attention. Geoffrey won it; and won it triumphantly. His address to the Jury on the whole case was long remembered in the Courts, rising as it did to a very high level of forsenic eloquence. Few who saw it ever foigot the sight of his handsome face and commanding presence as he crushed the case of his opponents like an eggshell, and then with calm and overwhelming force de-' nounced the woman who with her lover had oonoocted the cruel plot that robbed her uncle of life and her cousins of their property, till at last, pointing towards her with outstretched hand, he branded her to the Jury as a murderess. Few in that crowded Court have forgotten the tragic soene that followed, when the trembling woman, worn out by the long anxiety of the trial, and utterly unnerved by her accuser's brilliant invective, rose from her seat and cried— " We did it—it is true that we did it—to get the money, but we did not mean to frighten him to death," and then fell fainting to the fflround—or Geoffrey Bingham's quiet words as he sat down— " My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, I do not . think it necessary to carry my case any further." There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but the impression made both upon the Court and the outside public, to whom such a soene is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. Geoffrey himself was under little delusion about the matter. He had no conceit in his composition, but neither had he any false modesty. He merely accepted the situation as really powerful men do accept such events— with thankfulness, but without surprise. Ho had got his chance at last, and like any other able mam, whatever his walk of life, he had risen to it. That was alL Most men get such chaooes in some shape or form, and are unable to avail themselves of them. Geoffrey was one of the exceptions. As Beatrice had said, he was born to succeed. As he sat down he knew that he was a made man. And yet while he walked home that night, his ears still full of the congratulations which had rained in on him from every quarter, ho was conscious of a certain pride. He will have fe%as Getfffrey felt that night whose lot it has been to fight long and strenuously against circumstances so adverse as to be almost overwhelming, knowing in his heart that he was born to lead and not to follow ; and who at last by one mental effort, with no friendly hand to nelp, and no friendly voice to guide, has succeeded in bursting a road through the difficulties which hemmed; him in, and has suddenly found himself, not above competition indeed, but still in a position to meet it. He will not have been too proud of that endeavour; it will have seemed but a little thing to him—a thing full of faults and imperfections, and falling far short of his ideal. He will not even have attached too greater weight to his success, because, if he is a person of this calibre, he must remember how small it is, when all is said and done; that even in his day there are those who can beat him on his own ground; and also that all worldly auocess, like the most perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of decay. But he will have reflected with humble satisfaction on those long years of patient striving which have at length lifted him to an eminence when whence he can climb on and on, : scarcely encumbered by the jostling crowd ; till at length, worn out, the time comes for him . to fall. So Geoffrey thonghtTand felt. The thing •was to be done, and he had done it. Honoria .- iiould have money now; she should no longer able to twit him with their poverty. Yes, =:nd a better thought still, Beatrice would be igi^d to hear of his little triumph., He reached hofift rather late. fionona~wss going out to dinner with a distinguished cousin, and stab, already_ dressing.. Geoffrey had declined the invitation^ which was a short one, because he did not think that he would be back from chambers in time to avail himself of it, In his enthusiasm, however, he went to his wife's room to tell her of the event. "Well," she said, "what have you been doing? I think that you might have arranged to, come out with me. It does not look well my going but so much by myself. Oh, I forgot; of course you are in that case." " Yes—that is, I was. I have won the case. Hero is a very fair report of it in the St. James s Gazette if you care to read it." "Good hetlvens, Geoffrey 1 How can you expect me to read all that stuff when I am dressing?" • -••* , k I don't expect you to, Honoria; only, as I say, I have won the oaao, and I shall get plenty,-of work now." "Will you? I am glad to hear it; perhaps we shall be able to escape from this horrid fiat if you do. Hipre/ Anne! Je vous l'ai bien dit, oette robe r^e me va pas bien." "Mais, milady,-la robe va parfaitement" ''That is your opinion," grumbled- Lady Honoria. "WdL it isn't mine. But it will have to do. {iood-night, Geoffrey; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get bade, and she was gone. ; Geoffrey picked up his St. James's Gazette with a sign. He felt hurt, and knew that he was a fool for' his pains. Lady Honoria was not a sympathetic person, it was not. fair to expect it from her. Still, he felt hurt. He went upstairs and heard Effie her prayers. "Where has you- been, daddy? To the Smoky Town ? The Temple was euphemistically known to Effie as the Sinoky Town. "Yes, dear." "You go to the Smoky Town to make bread and butter, don't you, daddy ?" "Yes, dear, to make bread and butter." " And did you make any, daddy ?" "Yets, Effie, agood deal to-day." '' Then where is it ? In your pocket ?" "No, love, not exactly. I won a big lawsuit to-day, and I shall get a great many pennies for it.' 1 " Oh," answered Effie meditatively, "I'am glad you did win, daddy. You do like to win, aoes'nt you, daddy dear ?" "Yes, love." "Then I will give you a kiss, daddy, because you did win," and s he suited the action to the word. Geoffrey went from the little room with a softened heart. He dressed and ate some dinner. Then he sat down and wrote a long letter to Beatrioej telling her all ' about the trial, and not sparing her his reasons for adopting each particular tactic and line of argument which oonduced to the great result. And though his letter was four sheets in length, he knew that Beatrice would not be bored at having to read it. CHAPTER XV ILL THE BEING STAB. As might be expected, the memorable case of Parsons & Douse proved the turning-point in Geoffrey's career, which was thenceforward one of brilliant and startling success. _ On the very next morning, when he readied his chambers, it was to find three heavy briefs awaiting him, and they proved to be but the heralds of an uninterrupted flow of lucrative business. Of course he was not a Queen's Counsel; but now that his-great natural powers of advocacy had beoome generally known solicitors frequently employed him alone or gave him another junior, so that he might bring those powers to bear upon juries. Now it was, too, that Geoffrey reaped the fruits of the arduous legal studies which he had followed without cessation from the time when he found himself thrown upon his own resources, and which had made a sound lawyer of him as well as a brilliant and effective advocate. Soon, even with his great capacity for work, he had as much business as he could attend to. When fortune gives good gifts she generally does so with a lavish hand. . Thus it came to pass that about three weeks after lie trial of Parsons and Douse, Geoffrey's uncle, the solicitor, died, and to his surprise left him twenty thousand pounds, "believing," he said in his will, which, was dated three days before the testator's death, "that this sum will assist him to rise to the head of his professsion~" Now that it had dawned upon her that her husband really was a success, Honoria's manner towards him modified very considerably. She even became amiable, and once or twice almost affectionate. When Geoffrey told her of the twenty thousand pounds she was radiant. Why, we shall be able to go back to Boltonstreet now" she said, " and as luck will have it, Qur old house is to 1st. I saw a bill in the window yesterday." " Yes, 1 ' he said, " You can go back as soon as you like." " And can. we keep a carriage ?" " No, not yet; I am doing well, but not well enough for that. Next year, if I live, you will be able to have a carriage. Don't begin to grumble^ Honoria. I have got £150 to sparer and if you care to come round to a jeweller's you can spend it oh what you like." " Oh, you delightful person," said his wife. So they went round to the jeweller's, and Lady Honoria bought ornaments to the value of £150, and carried them home and hung over them, as another class of woman might hang over her first-born child, admiring them with a tender ecstacy. Whenever he nad a sum of money .that ne could afford to part with, Geoffrey would take her thus to a jeweller's or a dressmaker's, and stand by coldly while she bought things to its value. Lady Honoria was delighted. It never entered into her mind that in a sense he was taking a revenge upon her, and that every fresh exhibition of her rejoicings over the good things thus provided added to his contempt for her. Those were happy days for Lady Honoria! She rejoiced in this return of wealth like a schoolboy at the coming of the holidays, or a half-frozen wanderer at the rising of the sun.' She had been miserable—as miserable as her nature admitted of—during all tfiia night of poverty ; now- she was happy again, as she understood happiness^ For Lady Honoria, bred, educated, civilized—what you will—out of the more human passions, had replaced them by this idol-worship of wealth, or rather of what wealth-brings. It gave her a positive _v— \ satisfaction; her beauty, which had to. fade, came back to her; she ive years younger. And all the while Geofirey watched her with an evergrowing scorn. ^ Once it broke out. The Bolton-street house had been furnished; he had given her fifteen hundred pounds to do it, and with what things they already owned, she managed very well on that. They moved into it, and Honoria had edition. One day, however, it occurred to ler that Effie was. a child of remarkable beauty^ who, if properly dressed, would look very moe in the drawing-room at tea-time. So die ordered a lovely costume for her—this deponent is not able to describe it, but it consisted largely of velvet and lace. Geoffrey heard nothing of this dress, but coming home rather early one afternoonit was on a Saturday—he found the child beingshown off to a room full of visitors, and dressed in a strange and wonderful attire with which, not unnaturally, she was vastly pleased. He said nothing at the time, but when at length the dropping fire of callers had ceased, he asked who put Effie into that dress. " I did." said Lady Honoria, "and apretty ienny it has cost, I can tell you. But i can t ave the child come down so poorly clothed, it does not lode well." Then she can. stay upstairs," stud Geoffrey, frowning. " What do you mean?" asked his wife. '• I mean that I will not have her decked out in those fine clothes. They are quite unsuitable to her age. There is plenty of time for her to take to vanity." " I really don't understand you. Geoffrey. Why should not the child be handsomely dressed?', "Why not! Great heaven, Honoria, do fou suppose that I want to see Effie grow up ike you, to lead a life of empty pleasureseeking idleness, and make a god of luxury. I had rather see her"—he was going to add, dead first," but checked himself and said —" have to work for her living. Dress yourself up as much as you like, but leave the: child alone/' Lady Honoria was furious, but she was also a little frightened. She had never heard her husband speak quite like this before, and there was _ something underneath his words that she did not- quite understand. Still less did she understand when on the Monday Geofirey suddenly told her tbat he had fifty pounds for her to speed as she liked; then accompanied her to a mantle-shop, and stood patiently by, smiling coldly while she invested it in lace and embroideries. Honoria thought that he was making reparation for his sharp words, and BO he was, not. to himself, and in another sense. Every time he-gave her money in this fashion, Geoffrey felt like a man who has paid off a debt of honour. She had taunted him again and again with her poverty —the poverty die said that he had brought on her; for every taunt he would heap upon her all those things in which her soul delighted. He would glut her with wealth as, in her hour of victory, Queen Tomyris glutted dead Cyrus with the blood of men. (To he continued.) IN NERVOUS DEPRESSION USE HORSFORD'S ACID PHOSPHATE. Dr. D. W. GLYNN, M.R.C.S., and L.S.A., Neuadd Vach, Pontaidulais, South Wales, says —"I have found it an excellent medicine in depressed conditions of the nervous system." 189,91,3zv 