gortru and Stifles. THE TRAMP'd RETURN. Buk I rom the highway tb* Ladies wave Thuir stately leave« In tho deepening llgbL Behind them riñe* mt-iiumt root. Like * lone grey ghost ID the Butty night Ho home-light gleams through the open pane ; Ho nous--doit watches the open door ; Lone and deserted the cid howe stands. In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds Alt through the silent rooms, Whets soitly enterait» «Taning brees*. - But where are the voices whose Joyous sound Made merry each raft-r arid window pane? Where are thc dear ones who watohad with lora The steps that pattered a sweet rsbainf -; One by one they were garnered In ?? To the lol lol the tender Shepherd's can; Wbo keeps from danger and free from sui All who aie gathered and waiting there. Until of the number wno there dm dwan, . <' With i amiets Uoyhter,, merry and irse ; But three were le i lo the octtw'grey 'Neath the meat-grown roof-or th« linden tree. Father and mother and youngest bern Alone were left 'neath ihe old roof-tree : Alene they w«pto'artlu pulaélén Jorajs ¡. .T For tbs tases they M.er again could ase. But buoyant youth, arith hUhooefal heart, , Locked I rth to the rature wlBtoogiojl'eyes; And father and mother, and borne ona friends Were Iel 11er th« beauty ot fairer aktea. Out on the highway-a laggad form ' Comes feebly along hy the broken gate. Who are his friend« anil where ls his home J Where li he going to i.lgtltso late! Only a tramp I ti be ebuuued ol men ; Homeless and friendless, hungry and poor ; Why does be panie loth* mitty light, Aud sadly look toward the pottage door! Only a tramp / to be eeoffed ot «nd jeered, -; And driven with loaUdng irom door So door. Moneyless, bDiuels*,, friendless, and lon« ; Homesick an I weary; Jieartbroken and poor, Only a tramp / with a groan of despair, Be tremblingly open« the broken gaits ; And /eels through the awful «dUneu there That be has returned alas ! foo lal«. . No loving vol» welcome's the tramp's return, As feebly he totters towards tbs door.. Fatherless, motherless, homeless, and lone ; I ind and discouraged, friendless sod poor. Nc one to pity bim ; none to forgive ; No one t<i fcuooour him ; none to carats ; No ono to care for him ; nek ona alone ; God pity the tramp In his hoeselewness. HKUIS BARTON DMBVOU, in Anni World. I A woman ts different from a phonograph. The phonograph only talks book as much sa yon talk to lt. A glass of beer will attraet mare flies than a glass of water. It also has an attractive foroe for other animals not possessed of wings. Innocent Youth-"Bow I admire Miss Tranquille'» calmness, übe never loses her self-possession. " Tart Malden-" And never will. None of the young men want her." "You have a lovely hand, Nellie I" said Algernon, softly. "? Do you think so?" "I know it. I admire a beautiful hand, bot mine ii large and ill-formed. I wish I had a hand like yours." "Then why don't yon ask for it ?" Freddy : " Ma, whenever pi meets Dr. Vandel he always says to him, ' How are you, old hoss !' What does he mean by that j" Ma : " Oh, H'B nothing more than a term to express thorough familiarity." Uncle Josh : " May be ; but I ratnor think he calls the dootor ' old hosB* beoause he is such a famous charger," A oaptioaa Englishman began holding forth the other day after dinner upon the enor- mities of a certain baronet in the next county. His neighbour interfered with, "I think lt right to luform you, sir, that I am Sir George's brother." "His brother? Oh, I know nothing of his brother personslly, but I am told he ls even a greater blackguard than Slr George." "Did you never think," asked theohaplain, " did there never come to you a conviction, in your sinful life ot robbery, that you were doing wrong?" "Once there did, ' replied the ourglar-half pay, retired-" many a time it has flashed on me that I was in the nursery, when the Bret flash of a bull's-eye would wake half a dosen bowling kids, when I onght to have been In the old man s bed- room, a ikinnin' hts trousers, and geln' Jhroub the wardrobe drawers regular. Oh, Sw, 1 have often felt as I was doin' wrong, ot," apologetically, " that was when I was a green hand at the businoss, don't you know I" A witness who had given his evideueo io such a way as satisfied everybody in Court that he was oommitting perjury, being cautioned by the Judgo, said, ut last-" My lord, you may believo me or not, but 1 have been wedded to truth from my infancy." " Yes, sir, said Mr. Juttioc Maule, " but thu question is, how long you have bom a ] widower ?" j 