The Mirrored Demon. A Weird TaIe of the Black Pool at The Alders. Toward the end of a cloudy summer day, having slowly climbed to the top of a hill thickly wooded with young pines, I saw at last the gables and towers of The Alders, an estate which occupies the foggy bottom of the valley. I was coming to take possession of this domain. Abandoned for forty years past to the insufficient care of a superan- nuated steward by the late proprietor, my father, who had recently died and whose heir I was. Urging my horse forward, I commenced to ascend the hill. The grade was steep, and the animal's iron shoes slipped peril- ously in the loose gravel of the road. Under the dark and heavy sky, the pines to right and left took on a gloomy hue ; below me, blurred in tho haze of the valley, rose the chateau, a dark and broken mass, which was almost hidden from sight by the great forest about it, broken here and there with open heaths and reed-fringed pools of a sickly greenish hue. I remembered that my father had always evinced a great distaste for The Alders; the very name made him shudder. A cold, drizzling rain was now falling, and I soon felt very uncomfortable, for the morning had been fine and I had neglccted to bring a top-coat or travelling wrap. Arrived at the foot of the hill, I had to pass through a little village of a hundred or a hundred and fifty homes, the last cottage extending quite to the main entrance of the chateau. The noise of my horse's hoofs brought to the doors eight or ten peasants, who stared at me curiously, but with no sign of a salutation. I attributed to my long contemplation of the young pines, through which I had been travelling, the singular coloration which ceriain objects assumed in my eyes; the arms and faces of the miserable villagers, who stared at me with a cowed and brutish persistence, seemed very sallow, almost green. A few women's I heads and hands showed amid the group of men. It seemed to me that these heads and hands were also sallow and green. The chateau gates were closed. Through the bar, leper-blotched with rust, could be seen the great seigneurial court, grown with rank weeds, and further the abandoned chateau. The rain, become sharper now, was chilling me to the bone. I descended from my horse, tied the poor beast — which hung its head through sheer fatigue — to a ring mortised into the stone wall, and presently found the handle of a bell half concealed in the intricate wrought-iron work of the gate. I pulled it violently several times ; but in place of the expected cheer- ful peel, two slow, heavy, and solemn strokes of an alarm-bell resounded omi- nously in the distant gloom — for it was already dusk. From a little lodge at the right of the chateau emerged an old woman, who held aloft a lamp. Very tall, very thin, and enveloped rather than dressed in a robe of coarse gray stuff, which looked like a grimy shroud, she came to the gate with the measured and noiseless tread of a spectre. The lamp, which shone full on her face, revealed to me beneath her gray locks her eyes, dim and haggard ; her cheeks were very sallow. "Welcome to your estate, sir," said she, as a great key grated in the lock. She was the manager's wife. "Thanks, Mme. Chartier," I responded; "but I come in evil weather." "In evil weather, indeed." She conducted me to the little house ; the wet weeds reached to my knees. " Who will look to my horse?" I asked. "I will," she said. "You have no servants, madam?" "No." "Who, then, looks after the chateau and keeps the grounds in order?" "There are no grounds," she replied. We entered the living-room, which was dimly lighted and poorly warmed by the fitful blaze of a peat fire. There was, doubtless, but one lamp in the establish- ment, that which Mme. Chartier had taken up when she came to meet me. "Chartier," said the woman, shaking the shoulder of an old man who seemed to be dozing in the chimney-corner ; "Chartier, get up ; here is the new master." The old man turned toward me ; his face was sallow, too, with the same dim and | haggard eyes. j "Welcome to your estate, sir," said he, as ; he arose and offered me a chair; "warm yourself, sir, unless you take cold." Mme. Chartier who had gone out, doubt- less to lead my horse to the stable, returned laden with dishes and glasses, and quietly set about laying the table, which she pulled up from the side of the chimney. "These seem to be very sullen people," I thought, and I determined to send away this lugubrious couple as soon as possible. "Well, Chartier," I said, to break a silence which had become disagreeable to me, "do you get on well, and may I hope to see you here for many days to come?" "You will not see me here for many days to come," he replied. "How so? Do you then wish to leave The Alders?" "Oh, I, sir — I shall never leave The Alders. But you will depart very soon." I smiled, for my intention was to install myself definitely in my new property. "Yes, sir," said Mme. Chartier's voice be- hind me, "you will depart very soon." I was about to exclaim against this singular affirmation, when the old woman added : "Dinner is ready, sir." We drew up about the table. " Do you expect some one?" I inquired, for four covers had been laid. "Yes, sir ; we expect our daughter," said the manager, serving the soup. "So you have a daughter ?" I had hopes that a young face might bring some gaiety to the scene. "We have no daughter," said Mme. Cbartier, The dinner was not abundant ; neverthe- less, I had the wherewithal to satisfy amply the appetite my long day's ride had given me, for ray hosts ate scarcely at all, I asked Chartier if he were sick. "Everyone is sick here," he replied, "be- cause of the pool." "Indeed, I had remarked that the in- habitants of the village are singularly pale." "They have the fever; but they suffer less than we, for they are not so near."' "True," I said, with a slight shiver; I had always particularly feared malaria fevers. After dinner, Mme. Chartier retired to prepare my chamber, not in the chateau, which long abandonment had rendered un- inhabitable, but in the lodge on the upper floor. The manager and I drew up to the fire. "Sir," said the old man, "excuse us if I we receive you poorly. It is sad in this country; the fever takes the children from the very cradle, and only at the grave-yard does it leave the men who have resisted it. It is because of the pool, which should be drained," he added, extending his hand to- ward the window. And then, we, sir, are sadder than the others, for we lost our daughter a month ago." "Your daughter is dead, Chartier?" I asked. "God knows, sir. As for us, we do not know what has become of her." Presently he went on in a lower tone : "Madeleine was very sad, very ill ; she was as we are, my good sir. But the birds still sing when they are ill, and Madeleine sang near us, who do net even talk. I thought she would resist the scourage, and I said to myself, ' Some day, God willing, I shall take her to live in a city.' To see the roses in her cheeks, we would have given our lives, my poor wife and I. But she was very pale ; she went too often to the edge of the water. She loved — I do not know why —that water, which harmed her so. Often, when her mother called her to dinner, she was seated in the wet grass at the side of the pool. We scolded her, but it did no good. It pleased her, she said, to listen to the noise of the wind in the reeds. She had nothing else to amuse her, the dear child. In other countries, the little girls of poor people can gather flowers, peep in the birds' nests, and have doves and play with them as in the pictures I have seen in the city shops ; here, sir, there are no other flowers than the lilies of the pool, the birds would be afraid to build their nests in our great, gloomy trees, and the only doves are ravens. My poor girl, then, loved the pool. Sometimes, of an evening, I would hear her open the window of her chamber — the chamber where you will sleep to night, sir. 'Come in!' I would cry; 'go to bed, you will take cold.' 'No, no!' she would say; and when I asked her what she was looking at, ' There is a star in the pool,' she would answer. One morning at the breakfast hour, Madeleine did not come down stairs. Her mother went up to her room, ' Madeleine is not here!' cried my wife. It was a month ago, one Sunday morning. Madeleine has not come back yet." Chartier had spoken slowly, in a monoto- nous tone. Now he wept silently, The disappearance of their child more than accounted for the gloom of my hosts. I repented having judged them harshly, and it was with sincere pity that I pressed the old man's hands as I retired. My chamber was a small room, covered with a mouldy paper ; in one corner an iron bed, two cane- seated chairs at right and left of a walnut commode, a portrait of a young girl — Madeleine, doubtless — facing the single window — that was all. I went to bed and to sleep, not without some diffi- culty, for the steward's tale had predisposed my mind to lugubrious thoughts, and then I thought of the fever which I dreaded so. After an hour of restless sleep, I awoke with a start. 'Who's there?' I cried. The lamp, which I had not extinguished, enabled me to convince myself that I was alone — absolutely alone with the portrait. From my bed, where I could no longer sleep, I looked long at this picture. It was a young girl, very pale, dressed in white, in an attitude of meditation ; she gazed at the window with a strange earnestness. As one involuntarily follows the glance of a person near, I directed my eyes parallel to those of the portrait. The window had no curtains ; beyond the panes appeared vaguely the indistinct silhouettes of the forest, and in the shadow there was a single ! star. Turning back toward Madeleine, I noticed that her gaze had become more in- tense, but it was easy to explain to myself why it seemed so : plunged for an instant into the night, my eyes should now see more clearly those of the portrait, on which the lamp shone full. What I could not explain, what I do not understand even yet, was an absurd idea— the result, no doubt, of my nervous excite- ment — which led me to get up, open the sash, as if in obedience to the desire of the portrait, and, the window open, turn back to it to receive its thanks. A breath of wind which entered the room extinguished the lamp, and the portrait disappeared. Without, the shadows were profound ; beneath the low and black sky vast trees stood out, terrible against the night, about a great, pale space in which shivered furtive, steely lights and the dimmed reflection of a single star—if was the pool. Shuddering, I knew not why, I gazed at the heavens, the trees, the pool. It slept, but it lived. I divined that a ceaseless agi- tation moved it, revealed on the surface by the trembling of the weeds ; strange visions were in its inky depths, shadowy dreams of that slumbering water whose inspiration rustled dolorously among the reeds. Some thing inquieting and fascinating lay prone in that sea. Near the side toward the house the reeds were very thick; their heads, now bowed, now lifted up by the breeze, formed a moving black surface, which made still more sombre the shadows of the neighboring trees. Was it possible that the thing I now saw balancing itself on the tips of the reeds was but the reflection of a tree? I could distinguish perfectly a body and a gigantic head, lightly stirred like those of a giant asleep, rocked on shadowed waves, and two terrible arms stretched forth toward my window. I strove in vain to draw myself from the casement; a greater power than mine, a mysterious desire, held me rooted to the spot. I seemed to wait. For what? I did not know— for something which was to hap- pen. I heard a slight noise beneath the window and lowered my head. Along the wall, something, I know not what— white, furtive, swift, like a white cloth in the wind — moved toward the pool. It was a woman or her ghost. One instant this vague form stopped and turned back. By the pale ray of the single star I saw a face and recognised it. Had I gone mad ? I recognised the face of tho portrait. That face was Madeleine's! While she approached the pool the wind must have shifted, for the reeds, which just now had leaned from the side of my window, bend down now to meet the young girl, and toward her reached the long arms of the Shadow cradled on the reed-tips. Madeleine seemed to hesitate, a prey to violent emotion. Now she started toward the phantom of the pool ; now she stood motion- less and seemed about to retrace her steps; but soon she took up her interrupted course, and reached the spot among the interlacing trees, the obscure and indefinite line where land and water met. At the edge of the pool, almost within reach of the fantastic arms which strained toward her as if to en- fold her, she stopped. In the heavens there was but a single star ; there was a single star, too, in the pool. I was not dreaming, for I noted that. Long, long she stood undecided, and some times she seemed to wish to fly to the house; butofteuer, lost, shivering in the breeze, in tbe garb of death or of a bride, she held out her arras to the Shadow which silently called her. At last she threw herself intc the terriblo pool. The water must be up to her waist, for I saw only the whiteness of her breast. She advanced ever toward the Shadow, and the Shadow came to meet her. Then I saw only her head, ..appearing from timo to time between the reeds— then I saw nothing. But tbo rushes rattled more dolorously, twisted, bent, pushed aside; the phantom which followed the movement of their tips writhed so that his chest shrank away from ono side, -while bis legs grew long on tho other, and his arms, as if they enlaced in the depths some prey caught at last, disap« peared all at onco in a mighty parting of the reeds, Miidcleino had drowned herself in this black, awful pool. I had not seen her, but surely I would have heard her cry out, if tho terrible water had not filled her mouth. Ob, horrible death!— her feet ainldng in the humid slime of the pool and her hands vainly clutching at the elusive support of the rushes 1 Little by little the motion becdme more rare, more conclusive, less prolonged Madeleine was dead beyond a doubt. Anew the wind alone agitated the great, noisy grasses, nnd I saw the constant phantom slowly re-form itself on the surface of the greenish Slackness. The next day, at breakfast, I ate little and Bpokc scarcely at all j the old steward asked t when it would suit me to inspect tho estate. '? Immediately^' I replied ; ' for I leave this evening.' As we started toward tho pool, I noticed in tho forest an old piece of ruined wall. ' What is that?' f asked. ' It is all that is left of an ancient chapel,' replied Obartier; ' your father greatly ad mired tho stained-glass window, which re presents an apostle stretching his arms to ward heaven, When tlio moon rises behind the window, it casts the image of the apostlo on the feeds of the pool. Sometimes, in the night, it is terriblo.' As Chartier said this, I felt my legs brushed by something furtive, soft and light, aa if a cat had rubbed against mc. It waa a napkin, still damp, detached by the wind from a cord where linen hung to dry a few steps from us, between twotreea beforo tho house. ' Well,' said I, to myself, ' 1 must confess that the fever and wakefulness havo played the fool with me. I have taken for a woman in white some sheet or garmeut borne by the wind, and for 'a phantom tho reflection of n stained window on the reeds.' And I began to laugh, to reassure myself com pletely. But I returned to Paris that even ing. Three years passed, I had sold Tho Alders to an industrial company which intended to drain tho marshes. I had given no thought to my 80*ou *n at tho melancholy chateau, cxcept ik. ,\:id again on a sleepless night, when onp t-Q6.»;iing, in a journal' opened at hazard, I t*ie following; ' In the . v^.salthy district of — — , whose inhabitants sSr/kdy begin to enjoy better health, than«'^&, the draining of the marshes bj^ a celcbraJi^ J.hilantrupnic society, there still remains a vast pool which forms part of the estate known as The Alders. This pool is famous in the legends of the country. Each night, it is said, a gigantic phantom is to be seen, sleeping lightly on tho tips of the reed3. Somo enlightened persons having supposed that the pbantom was nothing but the reflection of an ancient stained-glass window in a wall near by, the wall was de molished ; but, by the report of tho people of the place, the phantom has not ceased to appear every night, . It has not cea3ed to appear 1' X repeated, with a shudder, and I read on with a feverish eye : ' However that may be, recently, while the workfucn labored at tho draining of tbe pool, ono of them, in rolling some stones from the bank nearest M. Cbatier's house, discovered amonj* the reeda, deeply embedded in the mud, a skeleton absolutely stripped ; of flesh ; it i3 supposed that it is- the skeleton of a young woman whoso death must have taken place three or four years ago.' Then it was not a piece of linen flying in the wind, thut pale and hesitating form I had seen from tho window— it was Madeleine : herself, drawn into the pool by the mirrored demon I Her death had taken place a full month before my arrival at tho chateau. Some inscrutable will, then, hhd accorded me for a few hours the unpleasant power of retrospective vision ; or, perhaps, the dead come from their shadowy abode; sometimes, at night, to visit again on earth the scene of the agony. — Translated, from the French of Catulk illendes. 