THE GOLDEN BOWL. But no paper was to be found; sharply as Hilda Kempson watched the girl she could not even suspect that she had come across the coveted paprr, until when fur ther. search was useless and she felt anxious 'to be alone, she ordered her to, make up the fire and go down and ask the butler for some brandy, as she felt sick and faint. Left to herself, Hilda sat with her hands clasped aind her brow contracted .: "' hat had become of that paper? What was thcre in it ? If shel' could only have read its contents she would at ;least have known what she had to fear. SThat the paper was important she had no doubt of. In the hurried glance she had thiown upon it she remembered to have seen these words : 'Caroline, my daughter; your mother.' No more had she read. Her intention ~was to destroy the document, and now it had passed out of her possession, and might appear at any moment to confound her.. It is only fair to her to say that she had not yet realised the enormity of the awful crime she had committed in shortening her uncle's life. The conviction of this would come to her; at present her mind was in a whirl. - Should she becomemistress of Clovelly Court?' That was the question that propounded itself overand over.again to her mirid. One obstacle was cleared froni iher path, would it be equally possible to sweep awaythe rest and grasp The reins of power firmly in her hands. -Thus thinking, rememberipg tihe: silent fig're.sitting so silent in the study below, a violent trembling seized her. * Was he dead? Had she killed him ? Would she be found out? She could not face those awful questions alone. Soon the alaim would be raised, and shie"felt that she should'go' mad if she were left alone without one reassuring eye to calm' and give her courage. When Milly returned with the brandy for. which she had been sent she found her msistress shivering and tremblinig as though with '`a fit"of ague. That.some part of tlhis.illness,was as suined"thbe' keen eyes, of the? maid detected at once. ' iam sor ill,' gasped the young widow '-rder ibe' groom Sto ride off for Doctor Bristol at once.' ' Why, ma'am, it's ten o'clock,' and Wit bury be six good miles off'; don't you think youi'll' be better in the inorning'?' ' ' No, I don't.' How dare you dispute miyorders Am I to die because"'a lazy groom who does riothisig from morning to night is too idle toride a dozen miles? The manl is your sweetheartIi?suppoue or some rubbish of that kind!' Sweetheart. 'As though I'd'look',at a .groom,. returned Milly, with a toss of her pretty head,rand she went off toj obey the imperious command of her mistress. '.I'll bring them to their senses if I ever am mistress of Clovelly,' muttered Hildai Kempson, whom the slight protest had sfoused for the instant from her nervtis-' ness. 'I must see Bristol,'she wentfon, speak. ing to herself. ' Besides, he ought to 'bd on the spot. I can trust him for his own sake as welilas mine. 'I hope 'the alarm will not be given until he comes.' And.then, the woman so careful of her own feelings, sojreckless of those of others, relapsedlinto silence and occasional fits of shivering. .' '" : Very interesting this woman looked as she thus sat before the fire, her abundant black hair loosened and falling over her pink diessing.gown; rings sparkling on her white hands, the toes of her em= broidered slippers peepinig from under her skirts towards the fire, the-wax.candles andisoftened gleam of the firelight playing upon her, and within a distanceithatemight be measured by yards, still sat; she "ilone knowingit, the hlifeless form ofi her nearest kinsman and. benefactor, who' had' sur rounded' her. with all - the' wealth "and luxury, she was then enjoying;. and withdult whose kind care, if not affectionyshe would havebeen homeless, wanting even her-daily bread. ' How slowly the minutes drag; It is half-past eleven, beyond the usual hour for retiring for the night, but the, groom had not returned, the doctor has~ not come, and'nota sound 'of alarm regarding;her uncle has reached Hilda Kempson: But for the first time in:her ,life.,she is afraid tobe alone, arid she' orders Milly to remain in the same room with her, giving?)asrbher reason her dread:Ilesishe may faint away again. ' The great clock above thet"pincipal gateway of the]Court strikes the three :quarters of an hour, fifteen winutes more 'and it will be midnight, when a strange sound of hurrying feet sounded.along the 'usually muffled corridors, and the house keeper, without the ceremony of knocking, opensiMrs. Kempson's door and walks in. 'Oh, ma'am, you'll have to break it it her 1 Poor Miss Carrie, she'll break her tender heart, she as wouldn't hurt a worm. And the poor master; gone so sudden, like the snuff of .a candle, and hinti old and stiff. Garston says he must have been dead this two hours,' 'Two hours I' exclaimed Milly, startinig up from the half doze into which she had fallen; ' where did he die ?' ' In his study, sitting at the table, look ing so like life that 'twas not till 'Garston put his hand onI him, when he got" ino answer, asking if he Wouldn't go to. bed, that he found hrow it svas; poor old gentleman, he was a goodjmaster thoUgh o proud man, and well never see the like of him again. < Died in his study, before ten o'clock repeated "Milly, as though conning'i a lesson, then she asked suddenly ' What 'did lie die of ?' The only aniswer that could be hieard in treply to the question "was a loud hysterical shriek, .Hilda Kempson thinking fit at this stage of affairs 'to indulge 'in: violent hysterics, '-'There, that's how she'll break it to Miss Carrie,' said Mrs. Winstay, :the housekeeper, pointing to Hilda Kempson in disgust and turning to the door, then lifting her hands in consternation: she ex. claimed ' Good lord, she is there.' She was right. At the' door in her white dressing-gown, looking startled and sturprised, stood Caroline Care's.WF " Mrs. Winstay, what is the meaning of this noise, what is the matter ?' she asked, a trifle severely. ' Mrs. Kempson's ill, and tire doctor's sent for and-' then in evident fright sire stopped. ' " ' And what ?? inquiired Carie., ' The master-Str John--' 'Ye.' Why doti't you tell sire? 'Where is my father ? is he awake ?' 'Yes, miss,-no, I mean-ohb what shall I say,' and poor Winstay looked about in helpless terror. 'The doctor, if you please, miss." It was Garston the butlcr who spoke, and his face was white as though he had seen a ghost, 'For whom has the doctor come? Why don't you answer me ? you all seem to have taken leave of your senses to night,' said Carrie, not knowing whether to be frightened or angry. . But at this Milly came to the front. 'Doctor Bristol was sent. for- by Mrs. K.empon, miss, but perhaps if he was to see the master first-' , ' Where is my father ?' demanded Carrie, No one dared answer her. ;Then she swept past them, saying, ' I will go and: seek him myself,' Garston' rari after her, and sca'rcely knowing what he did, caught her by the arm, saying : ' Miss Carrie-Miss Carew, for heaven's sake don't go there-it-is too . late, .you must not go.' /... .. ; But she turned upon him with a fierce ness which only gentle natures are capable of when thoroughly roused. .......... 'Don't touch me,' she said, in such tones of command, that he felt compelled to obey, and then she walked on towards the study, the frightened servants..follow ing her. CHAPTER IV. At the study door Caroline Careir met Dr. Bristol. He was not her father's medical attendant, and she had from the first moment of their meeting, entertained i'iizisctiicte dislike ariddistrust ol him; now, however, she was glad of his presence; it was some one outside the crowd of servants to whom she could appe??l,"[ nd upon-" whose judgment she could rely. .. . .. 'Youi have seen . papa?' she said, looking into his face for some re-assurance; ' what is the matter with him, the servants are intent upon frightening me.' -' Yes,'I have-seen.him, and can you bear the' shock?' !. ' - . i . I can bear anything but suspense.' ' He is'dead. . *Dead I' repeated the girl. 'I don't believe it,' and before they could.stop her, she had pushed open the door, and stood face to.face,withb what.-but a few hours ago was her living father. She-did not faint or scream, though her face became; if possible, whiter than that of the corpse before her, and there was nothing in the first glance to frighten iher.; for, but for its awful• stillness and 'silence, the figure still sat as it might have done in life. Suddenly her eye fell on the empty decanter, and scarce thinking of what her words might imply, she, pointed to, wards'it and said : ' ' My fatiher never drank all that, wine,'. ' It wasn't like the master to do it,' assented- Garston.. . -- - * * -r * - ' Have you examined him; is there no hope ?'. iasked -'Carrie,' herself going for ward and takingl her;father's right hand in her own.; the. hand that still grasped the pen, and the 'fingersof which were ink stained, though only blotting paper lay before him, and not a line bad been traced uppn it, .; i .; -: : - All this.n Dr.- iBistol and Garston noticed, ButaCarrie started with terror as her warn i nahid'cam~e in contact with that: of her father. -For -"Thtt hand was cold, a frozen thing, It dropped from hers like lead, Sho looked into tio fae above, _ ._ . ""Th'"tiTcB'wn o fthe dad." No more was needed to: convince <her,: she was indeed an orphan. ' But she shed no tears, her grief was too agonising''ti find'relief :'in eepin ; dry7' eyed; wirhite liipped, 'et'seemingly firm and collected l-she allowed:l.:Mrs: Winstay to lead her back to her roon.-..-. She would-riot return-- to- bed,-:but' sat stony eyed'and-silerit, answering riothing, stunned by the terrible grief· that'bhad come over her,; until the house-keeper grew frightened-and- went-off to. seek-Dr. Bristol to come and sec her young lady before he left the court. .De-piie "i-d iabolical ucces, t-lis could not. be termed a lucky day -for Hilda Kemrpson .:- -' . ,.: She'had sent Milly from the .oom' and was seeking sympathy from the doctor whose arm was round her waist, when Mrs. Winstay,i forgetting ceremony in her anxiety, came into the room, saying : ' Doctdr,I- wantf you to see my 'lady before you go, if you please,' and then in'disgust,-as'she'afterwivrds"bbervid,'' ast if this were a time for love- making,' she yalked.,away ..without ..waiting,. for..,:an. answer. 'She must go:soon,:or else others will have td,'. she muttered: to herelf, as'sh'ie returned tliCarrie's room.- 'Shle'd disgrace a condithd'iddlywikk, and how Sir John didn't find her out is more than - I-can tell. Pity [she's come rof 'such; a: good. stock, -for; tlie shame" to. such a one is always thle greater.' ".i ' "' Half an hour lateri Dr; 'Bristol's efforts, .aided by those of thei housekeeper; had failed to produce any effects upon Carrie. -There she sat; her hands clasped .oosely on her lap, her.eyes distended and .taring blankly'arid wildlyI before :her, until those by her side began to doubt f"r"her'reason and sanity, ;when' 'iddeiily upon the silence of the night .came the. bodm-ofa.'gieat muffld!bell;, ,.'.. "'Bobhi'! boom !'ient th'e tbel; and thie girl started to her feet, galvanised,.,as it were. ;-. 'Whatis it?' she gasped.' . 'The last ofthe .Carews; has gone ;to oin his kinsmen'~ibove," said Mrs. Win ^ta~sgldlfilly,2.' It was a grand old sac, lut the male line of it has ended.' .()';Ededl!-Yes, the lfnbral bell is toll ing for us,' and Carrie sank on her knees, and-the long: jenit ulj tearslcatind ftoi're ieve her overstrained mind and feeliti:g. \- Put her to bed, and keep her as-quiet is you can,' said Dr. Bristol.to-the house :eeper, .and thenh be !went off,tdeclinirig he offeqrwhicha the 'house steward " made him of a bed.sat the Cputt, saying he had otherj patients to attend to, and ,.starting for his:six;miles.ride.in the darl alone.: .-But-Dr. Bristol.had something to think 1, and,he: never though so clearly and to so;much purpose as in the saddle..:. True, he sometimes talked to his horse, but then lis horse was prudent, andi never repeated .he remarks, and he was quite safe from he eavesdropping of any other creature. ; An ambitious as well as a -' iandsome man wassiDavid,Bristqolj ,frian ,notl ohly, of no family, but of. n legitimate.status in the world, since li' wasa? borni'ih the,work bouse, his motheie dyfig' at his: biith,'ar'nd giving no satisfactory account of his mis sing parent. ' . .. - - -.:.. .. So they :had called hitinBriistol,.his mdther naming that place as thie lait from which she came, and, the nurse having. a fancy for the nrame' f D)aid, these' to were the Christian-and-surname: bestowed upon him . :. O ;- '. ,I d, o- .b • Buht here'd otlibe bdys would have be come, drudges anLsd sunk like so much hubman caittle'into'ihe ruck'of life for the use and football:of others, David Bristol asserted :himself even, from his pauper cradle-as above the common herd, and as one to be served rather than to do the behest of others. - A beautiful child, with his imperious blue eyes, curly brown hair, and aristo cratic looking face, he tyrar n'sed over his nurses and small playmates through the early years of infancy, and later on, when his taskmasters were overwhelming, and rebellion seemed useless, he did as many a lad had done before him-ran away. It is needless to speak of his sufferings and adventares, until footsore and weary to the extent that life seeming to have noth ing left in it but thsi desire for sleep, he sank down on the doorstep of a closed :shop', on the outskirts of the metropolis, 'and-slept on dreamlessly and sweetly; as though in a feather bed, until morning." ; Some kind fate must have guided him to this house, for Irom that doorstep he began a new:career in life. The, shop was that of a surgeon and chetiist.. -As good luck would have it the boy who ought to have taken down the shutters and swept out the shop had left suddenly only the night before, and the servant looking about ruefully for some one to take his place temporarily, espied young David on the shop steps. His pretty face, dirty as It was, pleased her and she engaged his services at once, giving him in return for his work, a hearty breakfast, a good wash and six pence. But David had no desire to go further; Pollyspoke a good word for him, some of the young master's clothes" were picked nut to make him 16ook decen; asd'lie'was engaged as doctor's boy at the munificent sum of five shillings.a week. Polly managed to: provide him witlh lodgings at her sister.in-law's fora -ffiih of his weekly earnings. Many a dinner, tea, and' supper did David get through Polly's" friendship for him,, until at last his bright face, quick apprehension, and obliging manners, worn their natural reward, and he was talfen'in the house as assistant. From that point his rise in life sas rapid, he was a favourite with everybody, he entered at the colleges, walked the hospitals, and at eight and twenty had taken his diploma and was a partner in the same house, on the doorstep of which he had spent his first night in London. His ambition soared beyond a -poor tenth-rate suburban practice, but' ie had no connections, no money, and no friends beyond those whom his dailylife brought him in contact with, and his restless long ings seemed like so many-waves:dashing against an impervious wall, to be only flung back upon himself. Besides the want of opportunity there was another tie that bound him to the Blackwoods-a tie that he,; at once sought for earnestly, but which now fretted him. Doctor Blackwood, Blackwod'od'-id Bristol were the names on the door-plate and the' practice, though"'.a' ppor one, was'pretty extenisive. . 'Old Deoctor .Blackvood slent most bf his time at home, seeing a few of the wealthier patients, and -leaving- all theli 'harder work to his son arid David. But there was another member of the family-the' only: dlaiughter,. Emnia 'Blackwood-who for years had loved her father's hanidsomie assistant, and to whose influence.' was principally.. due his-medical education and partnership with her father and brother. They had been engaged' for five years?, and were to have been married as soon as he'lad passed his last examinations, arid become duly qualified-but he made some excuses, reasonable.enough.,in their 'way:!..( ... . :.. . : '?t;:- '%? t SHewould.liketo do something, out of 'the old b'eaiten' track-would like to sur round his Emma with'wealthy and luxury: ThteitiaciceYat WVal'wortk\ws- certainly not sufficient to support three, or even two o?uses, and Frank might marry at any.tinme, an4d of coursewould.brjig.hp.nome his wife to his father's house. All of which was' reasonable enough and Emma assented,.with a sigh- perhaps; and put away tenderly the garments shite had.worked uponsolong and.cafefully. i David of course knew: best;and David's wish was her law; and though: she was becoming conscious that her modest charmss were already beginni?g to fade; she made no doubt of.histrutih and affec-' 'tiop,' nod consoled'hrself.: with tbe belief that he would love her the same even .when., her.,youth andthe..fairest days..of her womanhood had passed away. Neither was her belief to some extent unfounded: David Bristol loved"Emma Blackwood, as he would never lovde another woman, tbut she did, not satisfy his ambition., Had he been a man of position, of wealth, or of renown and talent, he would havie married Emma Blackwood, and loend the piurest happiness of life with' herR 4,But having nothing in: himself or of his own,, he felt that to, attainm even a tithe of his 'ambition 'he " must marry for it, though as yetnot a?'hieiress br a woman' of' position or family had come in his way.: ! '" "- , :?'?. ..:'; ,', 'He as iesolvingg'thesthings in his own mind' one wretched-December. day, as he sat.alone in his consulting-room, and had almost decided to:make'thelbest .of.life as it came to him arid a'skfEmma to fix the day tor their marriage, when a1 sharp tug at the professional bell aroused himUa i. - '"Please, sir, there's a lady ill, and her husband dying, will yqu cdme at once?' and the speaker, evidently a hard woriting: from the wash-tub, stood anxiously before htim . ':: .. , .,.: ,', :. f?. ', i t To do him justice' David Bristol never questioned "a 'suffering' "patient as to whether hisbillwould be paid, ordemanded Strifii'ig 'fee"before he would attend them; so after a question or two as to the nature of the case he pulled oni' his thick over coat and went 6ut into the cold'street, on iviidh the snow was just' begifining to fall.' *-Is it far ?"lae asked; shivering. .I ''No; only the next street;'sir,"' replie~d die womanswho had letclhed him. ,' Aiid togetherthey walked ori until his g.tide stopped 'at the door of a large' houlse which was 'evidently let out in small' teee. m'ents. '''0 MI 0 !The woman openied the door Twith" a latchkey, and led the way.upstairsto thed hick room of the scosid.floor, ag.tinift'tlie d0r of which: shsptaped '..-LL " Here's the 'doctor ,please. :;'Take him away, we. can't-pay- for . doctor,' replied a womap's voice e:drurm' within the room; 'it's more than we can' do to get bread.' . will 'But 'the poor gentleman h ill diei rgeed the wonmat; ' aiid I've beeni out is the snow'tSb;fetcli;thi doctor. I'll pay for bsim myselt sooner than he shan't see ' ".Open the door I' said'Bristol,;iuspect ing at once some mystery, and the woman at his. side'bbeyed. '; '. ' " It was a strange sight that met theit eye's.' Though the room was mean and badly furnished, it was clean, and even showed' some evidence of taste and care, as thie few antimacassars on the broken chairs and the general arrangement of everything in the room indicated. The woman wlo had spoken and refused the aid of a doctor was seated at a table wvriting, one small tallow candle giving her light, and an envelope already addressed lay by her side. She looked up in some irritation as the doctor with his guide entered, Though she was"too- well bred to ostentatiously show it; on the contrary, she rose to her feet, observing.: W' e want a doctor, but we cannot pay you, at least at present,' and she glanced at the letter she. was. writing. `'"L' t thk'kio~ what is the matter ?"he replied, glancing towards a dark corner of the room tiin which a bed with, s-ome. human formnreposing on it, was lying. ' It is my.husband,' replied the young wtman,',he has been ill, very ill.' f "Y "illjlok: at him,' snd Dr. BristoV took up the~solitary, candle. A.Asxheh?didjo,".,his; eye fell on the ad dress on the envelope lying on the table, and he read: 'SIR JOHIN CAREW, ' Clovelly Court, ' Devon.' Then ahe went to the bedside to look oh the death'-stricken face of the husband ofHilda Kempson. CH APTER V. A pale sunken face, on which privation and disease had set its stamp, looked up at Dr. Bristol;,as be held the candle over the miserable-looking bed. The face of a young man aboutlhisown age, with fair yellow hair, pale blue eyes, and features that stood out prominently from the sunken cheeks. 'It's no use, doctor,' he half whispered, his voice almost gone, ' It's too late.' 'This man has been starved,' said David Bristol, turning sharply upon the woman, whom he supposed to be the sufferer's wife. ' And so have I,' was the reply. But have you no friends? no one to help you ?' was the next question. ' I've rich relatives, if that's what you mean,' replied the woman, bitterly, ' but they threw me off when I married; this is ' the prose of love in a cottage,' and she glanced at the occupant of the miserable bed, at all her wretched surroundings, and laughed with a kind of mockery of her own woe that made her hearers shudder. 'Get some port wine, some beef tea, and make him a little gruel or. arrowroot at once,' David said .to the woman who had brought him here, and he placed a sovereign;ii-h'Eliahds, bidding her. make haste asbe'h wouldivait to see the result. After all it was rather a case of starva tion than of absolute disease; the woman too, though by no means so far gone, was evidently suffering from want, and .,having for the time relieved their necessities, he went back to his own comfortable home, the woman's bitter words, ' this is the prise of love in a cottage,' ringing in his ars. The story she could tell him, rind which he afterwards learnt, was.plain enough. An only child, the daughter of a youtnger son of one .of the oldest families iin England having no . fortiune :of her own, she had broken her father's heart, and estranged herself from her family, by marryinga man who professed to be an artist, but was in fact nothinig. There was a good deal of infatuation, it could not be called love, on both sides until poverty came in at the door' and they gradually sank to the position :in. which David Bristol found them. Next day he was too busy to call, the one after that he went in early, and was shown up at once by the woman wsomn he had first seen. The man was asleep on the bed, the woman sat with the table on one side of her, the fireplace on the other, and her feet just twisted rpund to rest on the fender. But little change had taken place in herself or the room, since David Bristol's first visit; a breakfast of tea and toast stood untasted by her side, and an open letter in her hand, evidently but just re ceived, had so absorbed her mind as to m ake.her, quite- forget,lher meal. tlt handsom'e facegpoes along way, and David's, as' hbe came in. how with, a cheei' ful lindlhness expressed upon his, inspired the woman with.trust- ind, confidence, such as she'.dfd 'nt felt ii any `hbuman being for a longtime. ' He is asleep,' she said, in a low tone; 'but sit down, I want to talk.to you,' and shepointed to a chair. ' You have saved our lives,' she said, after a second's pause, 'and an hour ago I was anything but grateful to you for it; now it is different,; life may still have some comfort in it for mie..- -Will you read that and tell me?what you think I ought to do?' and she handed- him the, letter she had ,been reading, and he inoticed thatt in lier left hadd she held a cheque and a bank note. The letter was headed, ' Clovelly Court, Devon,' and dated the) day' previotus? It. began : . ' MY DEAR HILDA,-I am shocked and disirssned"to hear of tlie ioverty yriu are in.? I etclose a cheque for'fifty pounds aind a banltnote for five pounds, in case for a dayor two you- cannot get out to change it. If, as vou imply,-your ;hus band and yousai'nnot hlappy together, 'and you care to leave him, you will find a home with us at the Court; if, as I thiiik it your duty, however, you decide to re main with the man you have married, you may rely upontreceiving a similar. cheque to'/ the ode enclosed every quarter day from . 4 . \- 'Your affectionate uncle, JoHN CAREW.' P.S,-I have not told Carrie of your letter, as it would.gri evelher,.but shri will always give you a welcome.' ' ' ' A noble letter,' said Bristol warmly, as he hianded it back ; 'you wvill be saved from want in future._ . - Yesi but ylii have not told me what I ought to do ; go or remain ?' David Bristol shrugged his shoulders; a woman's unreasoning devotron and forgetfulness of self for, a bad ian ; and a woman's intense aniid all a.bsorbing. selfishness, wsere- alike extremes that he had met in his professional career; but made no. pretext of understanding. It wa'scusless sayifig lihat one wasj an angel, she other a fiend, because both qualities were sometimes combibred in one person. This woman before binit for instance, had thrown iyway.?ill the, World for that man lying ailereipoi that nriserable bed, and was naoi'ready to tirow him aside, to be able to grasp back again only, part of what she had once been so?o?rdigal. ' Tell me- th'de frotbhae, said, in a still lower tone than she had before used i will he hre ?' 'I have not ek.rmitied him, but I should say with: care, -and the comforts you can nowy safford itdget him-yes.' " Again there was a pause, H He tas slepit like' that for hours.' 'Yes, it will do him good ; he will requite great care, you had better hire a nurse, he ought to be watched night and day, and fed whenever he awakes. Shall I send you one ?' 'No, I will nurse him myself, we cannot leave here at present, and what should I do with a woman in this room ?' 'Perhaps they could let you have another in the same house.' .! ' Yes, I niever thought. of that?;-will you look at him I His cough is frightful; all his family have died of consumption. David- Bristol looked at.thel patiieni then at the wife; was the wish father to the thought? He scarcely wondered that it should be so. What charm could this poor wreck of hunianity ahave for a woman.whlio, like this one; was so lacking in patietc anid sympathy ? 'Has he taken anything?' he:askedrat last bending down so that the sleepers breath should come over his face. 'Only the medicine: you sent) round yesterday.' ' Where is it ?' SThere :;(as a. "mmeditsfy fhesitation, then she went to a cupboard, in which, on a shelf, he saw many bottles, and pro duced the one he had sent his boy "round with the previous day. 'You seem to have a great number of bottles there,' he remarked, an odd suns picion crossing his mind. ' Has -any other doctor been attending you ?' 'No,, not lately .1I stiffei.huch fromr ineuralgia; most of the bottles are empty except -those filled with Her&lit;'s - chemi cals.' ': Don't keep the medicine with them some nistake might be made; send round for me as soon as he wakes, I don't like his appearance; what has he eaten since I was here last ?' ' Nothing solid - some beef tea and wine. Don't you think he will recover?' -' I don't know. I have two or three •appointments or I would stop with him but send round for me or my colleague directly he wakes.' ' I will, thank you.' And then David Bristol went away to make his round of professional visits; most of them to the homes of the poor. So many distressing cases came before his notice that day, that it was evening bej fore he returned home, and Hilda Kemp; son and her sick husband had for the time passed out of his mind. It was not indeed until nine o'clock at night that Frank Blackwood observed, as he sat by the fire, his meerschaum in his mouth, 'By the way I was called out. to one of your cases to-day. Let me see, what was the name ? Kempson, Little Mildred Street; the poor fellow is gone? ' What, dead?' 'Yes, starved to death I thiat should bi the certificate; to spate the wife's feelings you'll describe it as exhaustion, I sup pose?' 'His lung's were affected, I was told; but really I only? saw him' awake once. Did you see nim alive?' ' Yes alive but not conscious. His wife seerimed dreadfully cut up.' S'Did she!' And then the matter dropped; besides returnihg the sovereign he had given the womanmto spend for her, and paying for his professional attendance, Hilda Kemp son;had probably passed out of David Bristol's life. He was not'quite satisfied with the ex planation of her husband's death, but thd man was so far gone when he was called -in-to see him,. that he would not, if questioned, have felt justified in expresu sintg his doubts, and these doubts after all were but vague ones. A week later. The shades of evening had closed in, the day had not been a busy one, and David Bristol and. Emma Blackwood were standing before the fire in the back sitting room which was sometimes used for the reception of patients, his arm round her waist, and she affectionately talking to him in the dim firelight, when the stupid servant, who had been. standing at. the open house door, pht her head into the room, saying : 'A lady to see you, sir,' and the next instant a daric-robed figure stood before theti '. . , . . Instinctively why she could not tell; Einma Blackwoodd shivered. , ??5 , '?'Take her into the next room,' said David,' soinewhfat'sternly 'there is nd light here,' and the servant, a trifle awed by the tone of his voice, obeyed. ' Who is it, dear ?' asked Emma, nest ling back'into her place in his arms. 'I don't know, dear ; a patient, I sup pose ; she won't keep me long,' and with a'kiss he left her. S'I must'apologisefor not having sent to you,' observed the black-robed figure, lift. ing lher heavy ?rape veil and disclosing the face, becomingly surrounded with a widowv's cap, of.Hilda Kempson.-: ?' ' Not at all; I did not expect youit6 do so. 'I am sorry I was so much engaged 'ir that dreaidful day. I am happy to see you looking, better, however. I suppose you sill soon he going to Devonshire ?' ' Yes, I start to-morrow. I came to thank you -for:your kindness,.and-to ask "you to accept this,' arid she laid; a closed eri;elo~ie upon the table. The doctor bowed his thanks. 'If. it ever should be in my power to zetutnnh~banyactof kinfdiess'that showni towards me by yourself it would give me great-pleasure,' she said with some hesita tion. 'I suppose you are fixed in this place and would not.care to leave it ? 'On the contrary, it is because I do nbt'kisosr ?h relse to gobtha't Iremain herr,' he returned, with tin E, kard ' And your wife ; would she also like to leave here ?' '.I have no wife,' was the reply.. ' Pray excusere ;I---I-I thought you were maried. But to return to what we were talking of. I may help you in your profession if I can; may I not ?' ' I shall be, only too grateful for aiy help of the kind that anykind'frieiidc-dan give me,' he replitied lightly ~'.'tndA.sincerely hope that a bright and happy future will soon help to obliterate some of the pain you must have lately passed tiroutgh.' * 'Yes, it has been an awfultime,' she assented withi shiiver, but I 'am goinf to a lovely spot, which I bope you wilt one day see. rhere is my address; if I can be of any service to you-writetdo me, and whether you do or not you-will one day hear from me. With which she rose, shiooklhands with him,-andleft.the house. ' '"lb ei eelope cointained a bankoote for twenty pounds and the donorsnidame sind address: ' Mrs. Kempson,: at"Sir John Carew's, Clovelly Court, Devoii.'"' ' This is a windfall, at any rate,' said the young man gaily ;.' as for ther other promises they are worth--well, so much as comes from them.' Three months passed by, and Hilda Kempson, but for her generous present, would have been forgotten, when. one moriing a letter addressed to Dr. Bristol, and marked ' private,' was put in his hands, it was short but to the purpose, The principal surgeon at Withbury, six miles from Clovelly, was retiring from practice ; a physician taking his place and keeping a surgeon or assistant would have a much larger, practice; a thousand pounds wasrequired for it,' but if the son of the present doctor were retained as surgeont anid partner, five.hundred pounds would be taken,"and the writer added, that perhaps part of this could be lent for an indefinitoe;periqd. ;.,. '; . , At the very tiome this letter arrived, a quarrel forbthe first ti?? 'siice?they were boys together, ,had sprung up between' Frank-Blackwood and himself, and.. the questiob haid already preisented- itself"'to his mind,•should'he throw. Frank and his fatiher overboard, and: try to' take their, practice' himself,- or should he go'awsay and leavetheni' .. ,.Hilda. Kempson's letter settled ..the. question. He had no intention of giving up Emma, .but Emma must wait. - The consequence of all this was, that he took Mr. Farleigh's place, retaining his son as surgeon, and on this night, when Sir John Carew breathed his last, he is ridirig back from the Court to Withbury discussing the question in his mind, shall 'he throw over Emma Blackwood after her long years of waiting and become miaster of Clovelly Court, or shall he be true to his old love, and renounce the temptation before him? For Hilda Kempson has assured him that Clovelly must belong to her, and to do him justie he has no suspicion of the foul manner- in' whiceh"she hopes to gain it.' Sir Johri was sevenity-two; what more likely thai that lie should' die. suddenly. Caroline Carew-Hilda told him-knew she wasnot legitimate, therefore the Court mustidescend to'her'; and yet 'thioigh the temptation was great, the battle was not fought out during that solitary ride. 1To refrain from marrying Emma Black wood was ose thing, to give her up, throw 'liher aside, was aniother, and Hilda Kemp son, with all she could offer him,' seemed light.when 'weighed in the balance against fis first love. He went to bed' with the question still unsolved, and the morning's light found hii as far from a decision asever. The cdntents'of his letter-bag, however, settled it. : \- .CHAPTER VI.: THE news' of Sir Johni Carew's death reached 'Walsingham Towers almost with the daylight, and was' brought to 'Sit Philip"d 'edtly he op.ned his eyes. SDead !' heI exclaimed, starting, 'and yeiteiday he?was alive and strong, as an old lion; poor fellow I' ""?And' he' added in a much lower and tenderer tone . .. ' Poor Carie i' lHe 'was' some time before he could quite realise the news, and when he did so his mindiodreitoff is =uneasy specula tion as to what difference this sudden loss wo6ild'iake in ithe codition' and prospects 'of his lady-love:' Not that he had any thought of desert; ing her, but, for all that, disagreeable questions and surniises would force them selvesupd'oi his mind, questions which he had, always: expected Sir John :would 'answ'er satis(adctorily. ' His very conversation of the previous day, iith'Fthehnow decea'ed 'baron'et, left no doubt upon.his mind that the mystery surrounding Cairie's nmother had taken its origin, and was continued, rather, on accounit of the old inn's sensitiive 'feelings on .the subject,':, than because- of.,any disgrace 'or dishonour attached to it;`.'. But how this mystery and 'silesce would now affect Caroline Carew he could not even' guess.: Sir Johis had evidently made 0no will, and whien he suggestdd'his doiig'.so 'on the previouias day ;wvitlih' the 'view, of securing' Cloyelly to .his' daughiter's second son, the : old. man had evidently shrank from any action of the kind, for he had the almnst irisane aiversi6hon which soine people 'dvince cf iriaking his willi as though the act could:in ansy way shorten his earthly career. : Had he. made his will,. all would have been ivell, for the Clovelly estates were no longer entailed." Sir John. himnself was the last of,the male line,' 'and thiere° was a 'particyilar` clause in the tenure, giving him the ,65 er, failing legitimate issue, to will them to wlhoe ,er he.chose. ' s ' r; ! . . Sir Philip,Walsingham could not eat his breakfastbthat imorning, neither' could he get the perplexing question of Ciarrie's prospects out.of.his mind . SIf his worst' fears were realised, and Carrie was declared nameless and ipesni less, could he marry her ?:' He asked himself the question' arid and failed to answer it. . :His .sense of right and justice "and honoiur as a man,'; and his lavea for ''er ,which was very genuirine insits' way,,'aid yes,' impulsively, 'let her be r.aii's and poor and forsaken, all,' the ' greatei reas6n that you should open youir'artiis id receive .liher, and treat, her wiili '.evei? greater honor than you would previously hbaveshoyn,. because. she.is in a measure, 'at your mercy, and cannot demand it.' B:But thenrcame his familylpride to have a voice in the matter, and asked him 'how the wite and m?thter of a Walsingham slihuld dare.t bring the bar sinister upon the, face of their escutcheon. -And so this devotee to love 'and" pride tormented himself, not knowing 'what course to take. He was?nobie and generous and very mfuch in'love, but oh I so prudeit? and so proud of the 'name which he had done hotliissg to earn, sid ?ould never by Isis pfernonsal rlosess, add to the glory of, thuat he hesitated at everyateti, an toughli a breathy miglst smirch .it-as ithoughithe brikhtest and purest diamonds' .wert'e'nbt defile...... ' ... . .. . ' .. . . . . " " a? Had' Carie 'Carew :known what was passing through Sir Philip's mind on this rsserable mnorning, s"e swtild have cono sidered that father and lover were both dead to her. iSirPhslip, however, had :not coamelto that conicusion yet. Bluntly asked the questiob, he Iwould indignantly have repudiated the idea that hie. would retract frmti asoimplied brominse any more than from a;binding contract) but tnr all thn1e wansnot quite as sure ini his milid .itoigh tino clloud had arisens and hie'did not deny to himself that.cir. cumstances might arise which would make hss marriage with Carrie-yesterday his most intense desire---undesirable, .So humani heaits delude eseni ?th'em. selves as to the sincerity and disinterested; ness of their motinves. , \- Whatever the result might 'be, it was' e'e'idehtly.his duty to ride 'dver' to' Clovelly, Court,' inquire for Miss': C.ire,," aidd ask ife under. the . distressing' circum stances 'he could be of any service.: .Valsingham Towers is five miles from Clovelly Court as the crow fies, but crows and horses go by different routes and the country in this neighbourhood is so undu lating and hilly that the birds in this case have decidedly the b,'st of it. Approaching the Court from a neigh. bouring hill you could not help being struck with its magnificence. Built in a broad val'ey, it was not un like in structure and des go to Hamp.un Court, the favourite palace of King Wil. liam III. Four sides of a square enclosed the great court-yard;'-from "which the build. ingoderived part of its name, the south side of this quadrangle being, as I have be fore observed, set asidefor state and cere. monial occasions, while above the great gateway, whiclh was always closed at night stood the lion, which forms part of the crest of the Caresvs.-a mansion to be proud~e. ,of One that made Walsingham Teowters look small, and Sir Philip as he came near it, breathed a sigh vf regret, ai? be thdught of the more than probabilityof his losing such a prize. But a stillness that was unnatural hung ovefr the whole place. Every blind was down, every sound was hushed; the great gaites usually wide open, were closed, and only one of the side entrances was open. His inquiries elicited the external facts of the case. Sir John had died about ten o'clock last evening. Miss Carew was in bed ill but. Mrs. Kempson was up, though very much agitated, and if he wished to see her h. could do so. For a .second he-hesitated, then ftl. lowed the servant, who led the way to her boudoir. Coming, out of the broad sunlight he found some difficulty in distinguishing .any object for.a few seconds in the dimly. lighted,room, for, of course, all the blinds were down, and the figure seated there was in the deepest black. She rose, however, and came towards him,. and then he noticed that her face was pale and her eyes swollen; signs of gliaf, though no improvement to her ap pearance. Is it not awful?' she asked, giving him her hand, and crushing up a piece of cambric in her eyes. 'So kind as he was, so thoughtful and just, and it hks come so suddenly upon us. I have been crying all night. .,And she sank into a chair and again covered her face with her handkerchief. -'Yes, I am awfully grieved. He seemed as' well yesterday as I am now; and Carrie--=how does she bear it? She was solvery fond of him, poor child.' ' Ah, poor Carrie ! that is the worst. I dread-to think of it. Of course she always suspected, if she did not positively know, about .her mother; arid if uncle has not made a 'will there will be a great change for-her. Of course she can always have a home with me, poor dear.' 'What wa" there to know about her mother ? asked Sir Phillip, sternly. 'To m'kirowledge she was ignorant of every thing concerriing her; where she lived, wheretshe died, and even to what nation. ality she belonged. More than that, from something Sir John said to me yesterday, I cannot but doubt that his daughter hasa legal, right to all he died possessed of' ':'Really I I am clad to hear it. Of course I was nriot old enough -to know 'ianything about it. My father was Sir John's younger brother. I can only judge ,by letters of my father's which I have; and he mighlit have been'mistaken, you know. Brothers don't always confide in each other ,o for; iiyself, I would not rrong Carrie for the world; and if your surmise be not correct, it will be with the greatest t?eluctance I shall t'.ke what really is my own., ' -It. is somewhat: premature to discuss the subject,' returned Sir Philip, severely. ' I alwaysconsider'it little short of a crime for a man'to neglect'to prepare his alfuirs, so that desiath may not find them inconfu sion, when lhe kiows so well that he must die :. ' Yes ; but poor uncle had always such an abhorrence of the subject. He left the dinneritablle quite angrily last evening be. cause I said Ie did not look well. Dear uncle, it was the last time I saw him!' And 'she shivered and covered her face again, thinking of really the last time she saw her uncle, and haunted still by hirs rolling and reproachful eyes. 'It is very sad, but I am forgetting the object of my intrusion upon you. Can I be of any service, or'do anythingto serve you or your cousin ? I suppose I cannot hope to see her at'present ?' ' No, sie is very much shaken, the shock was so . great. ' The stupid servants frightened her, and let her see him; thanks for your kind offer, I don't think there is anything that the servants cannot manage. There isnonly .-Carrie, you know. The race of the Carews of Clovelly ends with us'.'" ' So 'Sir JTho was telling me yesterday. I wish' I had thrown that man over who dined ;with me last night and had spent the evening here. But it is too late tore gret it;' you will tell Carrie that I have been, and will send to me if I can be ci any service, won't you ?' And shaking hands with her, he went away depressed and saddened. The sun shone as brightly tonday as yesterday, but in these twenty-four hours the sunshine had been blotted out of C ,rrie Cares's life, and the man mhb yesterday asked her father for her, is orn debating in his own mind whether be has gone 'too far to retract with honour. AWhen a ?ran begins to count whether orinot his honour will let him retract, his love need not be taken into consideratiou. And yet in his ovn selfish way he did loe' ser, h nd as 'heiress of Clovelly he would have' thk'ught he had won the most beautiful had 'loveable. woman in the w'orldforhivi.-- , As his wife 'also, even had this kiev 'come after their marriage, she would have in his estimation above all other women b'it now, peanilees and nameless, a Wal. singham could not wed her, that is if he can evade doing so without seeming dis honour. ,Riding along, chewing- the bitter cud of reflection, I is horse left pretty mticb in his own devices, steed and rider are both startled by a man, who, oust of the saddle, must stand nearly six feet high, calling to him from a neighbouring lane to pause, and a, few seconds after the new comer hlas leaped the hedge, and is by Sir~ 'Plilip's. side. * How d'ye do ?"he said, frankly extind* idg'his hland. ."I was coming on to 3osn place. when I spid' you. 'Awful thing thiffhitout Sir John Carew, isn't iL? 'tDie -you been there-?.'.. ?i'..Ye?Iari"ahjUjiSt retnrning ;a s. I. 50 :uti'h anfififi~timi friend of the fnamily, id there are'dnl '"a couple of women, I theoughat.I oughst'toride over and ftr so~y en elect; not thatq the're is much isle d,,ne2".',?; I suppose not; how does she bes it?' TO BE CONTINUED. t'eistoe and pntalnthef by TthvmiS suie pmsptst ,at surns 4v ts Goevur 