S03ME CURIOUS INLSTIONS.1 . Acotribntr to the S.e lk . hel,Z has beena saminb himnelf by rummamng among [ the aecimenee of new inventions tored in the Patent Office at Waohington. 'iany of them are amusing, and some decidedly 1 There :re, perhaps ithe 'rs?ee j e-lsoC t wo thousand tory in one diviion of the tl'ent Offee, and one of the late-t and craziest curiositie, is a doll baby which 'acks the bottle. This doll is patented by a German, and it couints of a dotl bohb sitting on a pan, with a lottie filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube eenects wi h the glass pipe which runs in:o the bottle, and, going into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into the pnan. Be means of a phirho: which cooh out thro?gh the doll's bead, nachinery is set to work be which the doll b_.ioo to suck, and the milk flows up into its mouta and out into the pan. Another toy of much the I, name order is the toy cow. which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. Tcinventor .tatos that the action of milking is exactly the oumeo as that of the real cow, and he has in addi tion an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and rumns baek to this tank,l so that she chews her cud while being milked. pAo T CA ,t". The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1s`4. It is a cat of prstc-board or tia for the purpose of frightening rat; or mice. It is to be made in a siticin posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, so that it shines in the dark like a cat of fire. Another eat, equally funny, is a patent beet:-ieon animal, which is worked by cl'vkwrk and hasa bellows inside it which swalls up its tail to the size of the madest of Tors. If p perrI set it will emit a noi-e e.ual to the wildestof midnight caterewalrsh, and it hbn in addition steel claws and teeth. ou wind it u?, place it on your roof. and aet it howling. All the cats in the neichbouchood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. Fo-cIoG tieos TO LIT rGF. There io a pteut machine here for forivg hens to lay eggs. and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens' nests have five or six falseeggs r!uedto their bot:oms, and the innocent hen dcopsher egg on a trap which lets it slide down ito a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is rcady for a eseood laving. There is one branch of the patent office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as eow s tails. The most curious among lemn, however, is the patent of a 1 ankee who has invented an adjustable faL-e tail for hbarv. ALnjinie prtLrrro. The lovers gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be lowered sad raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same rinciple is the adjust able pulpit, which iill it all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. neurtcat. noons. The paten.ts to make women beauti?fl are numerous. The nose- improver is one of the most curious of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are conne:ted by a hinge. The shape of its inside i. that of a prfect nose, aquline, Roman. or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should be fis~t well bathed in warm water and then gre.ase with olive oil until it to thoroughly softened. After this the im prover is to be attached, sad the person uidng it is to go to bed and sleep unil morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shapeof the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains Sith you until ou get tired of it, when you buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. Luminous hmrnes has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match-bones, and luminous ghosts to scare, ainay rave-robbers. After every great irave-robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one cofin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a di-tance that when sea in the earth it would bh impos sible to move it except by a derrick. 