BEATRICE A NEW AUD TH8ILIJNG TALE, ' CHAPtOSR X.—{Gmtiimei.) BY RIDES HAGGARD Author of "She'" "'Sing Boloman's Mines,""' etc., etc., etc. "Proceed? I have proceeded. Tve got jadgawtft, aad I mean to issue execution in a tew days. I voa't etend it any longer,' he went on, working himself tip and shaking his head -as he spoke (3. BIS Hun white hair fell about his eyes. "I'll have the law of him and tbe others too. You're a lawyer and you ttan help me. I tell yew there's aepiritmbro&d; which jnst comes to this— BO man isn't to pay las lawful debts, except of course the parson and the eqnire. They mast pay or go to court. Bntf&sre;'s law left, >and 101 have it, before they playttielriflh game on ns here." And he brought -flown his fist with a bang on the table. •Geoffrey listened witlreome amusement So this was the weak old man's «m point—money. He was clearly very strong about that—as strong as !Lsdy Ronoria, indeed, bht with more •mouse. Elizabeth also listened with evident approval, but ^Beatrice looked tpained. " Don't get angry, :33ather," she said; •** perhaps he will pay after all. It is bad to take the law if-you can manage any other way—it breeds so much ill blood." " Nonsense, Beatrice," said her sister sharply. ''' Father is quite right. There's only one way to deal with them, and that's to seize "their goods. I believe you axe-a socialist about property, as you are about everything else. You want to pull everything down, from the Queen to the laws of marriage, all fer the good of humanity, and I tell y©« that your ideas will&e; your ruin. Defy custom and at will crush you. You are running your head^gainst a brick wall, and one day you'will find which is the harder." Beatrice 'flushed, but answered her sister's attack, which was all the sharper because it had a-certain spice of truth in it. " I never expressed any such views, Elizabeth, so I don't see why you : should attribute them to me. I only said that legal proceedings breed bad; blood in & parish, and that IB true." " I did not say you expressed them,", went on the vigorous Elizabeth; " you, look them—"they ooze out of .your words, like water from** peat bog. Everybody knows you are a radical and a freethinker and everything else that's bad and mad, and cootrary to that state of life in which it-has pleased God to call you. The-end-of it will be that you will lose the mistreeship of the school— and I think it 'is very hard en father and me that you. should bring disgrace on us with your strange ways and immoral views, and now you can make what you like of it." " I wish all ^radicals were like Miss Beatrice," -said Geoffrey, who was feeling exceedingly uncomfortable, with a feeble attempt at polite jocosity. But nobody seemed to hear him. Elizabeth, who was oaw "fairly in a rage, a faint flush.upon her pale cheeks, her light] eyes all ashine, and her thin fingers clasped, stood fronting her beautiful sister, and breathing spite at -every pore. It was e&ey; for Geoffrey, who: was watching her, to see that it was not her sister's views she was attacking.; it was her -sister. It was that soft strong loveliness^£Ctd the glory of that lace; it was -the deep gentle mind, erring from its very greatness, and the bright intellect, which lit it like a iamp^ it was the learning and the power that, .give it play, would aet a world aflame, as easily as it -did the heart of tike slowwitted hermit equke, whom Elisabeth -coveted—these were the things that jSizabeth hated, and bitterly assailed. Accustomed to observe, Geoffrey saw -this instantly, andihen glanced at the {Gather. The old man WBB frightened; clearly he was afraid of Elizabeth, and dreaded a soene. Ee stood fidgeting his €eet about, aad "trying to find something to say, as he .glanced apprehensively at hia eldest -daughter, through ids-thin luLnging haar. ILastly, Geoffrey looked at Beatrice,, who <was indeed well worth looking at. j Her-fece was quite pale, and the clear) grey-eyes shone out beneath their dark: lashes. 8he had risen, drawing herself to her (till height, whi& her exquisite >port£ons seemed to increase, aim was I iking at her aster. Presently she said one-word, and one esly, but it was "Msu&rih.;" Her sister opened her.lips to speak again, but hesitated, and changed her mind. There was something in Beatrice's scanner that checked her. " Well," «he said at length, "you should not irritate me so, Beatrice." Beatrice made no reply. She only turned towards Geoffrey, asd with a graceful l&Le; bow, said: " Mr. Bingham, I am sure you will forgive this scene. The fact ig, we all slept badly test night, and it has not improved our tempera." There was a pause, of which Mr. Granger took a hurried and rather undignified advantage. "Um, ah," heeaid. "By die way, Beatrice, what wasitI wanted to say? Ah, I know—have yon written, I mean written out^ that sermon for next Sanday? My,; daughter," he added, addressing Geoffrey in-explanation—" am, copies my sermons for oe. She writes a very good hand—" Bememfafring Beatrice's confidence as to her sermon manufacturing functions, Geoffrey felt amused at her father's naive way of describing them, and Beatrice also emiled faintly as she answered that the sermon was ready. Just then the roll of wheels was heard without and the only fly that Bryngelly oould boast pslled np in front of the door. . " Here's the fly come for you, Mr. Bingham." said Mr. Granger—"and 8s I lire, her ladyship with it £lira- both, see if there isn't some tea ready,' and the old gentleman, who had all the traditional love of the lower middleclass Englishman for a title, trotted cfS to welcome " her ladyship." Presently Lady Honoria intend the room, a sweet, if rather a«et«m&eupon;] her handsome face, and with a graceful' mien, that became her tallfgureexr oeedingly well. For todoliadyHonoria justice, we was one of the most -ladylike women indie country, and so (Ear as her personal appearance <went, a^veiy * ' ' of the class to which 'she Geoffrey looked tit her, saying to himself that she had dearly recovered her temper, asd that 'he waa thankful for it. This waa not 'Wonderful, for it is observable that the store aristocratic a lady's manners are, the mere disagreeable she is apt to be when she is crossed. "WeH Geoffrey, •dear," she said, " you see I have come to fettfc you. I was determined that you should not get yeorself drowned again on your way home. Ho wore you now ? — but I needn't ask, you look " quite well again.."" " It is very 4tind of you, Honoria," said her husband simply, but it waa doubtful if she 'heard him, for at the the tnomext she was engaged in searching out the-soiil of Beatrice, with one of the most -penetrating and comprehensive .glances that young lady had •ever enjoyed'the honour of receiving. There was nothing rude about the look, it was too quick, but Beatrioe felt that quick ^asit might be, -xt embraced her altogether. "?Tor was she wrong. " There is no doubt about it," Lady Honoria thought to herself, "she is lovely — 'lovely everywhere. It was clever of'her to -leave her hair down; it shows the shape of head so well, and she ;is tall • enough to stand it. That blue wrapper suits her, too. Very few women cwkld show such a figure as hers—like a Grebk^statue. I don't like her:; she's different from most of us; just the-sort of girl men go wild about and women hate." All this passed through her mind in-a flash. -For a moment Lady Honoria's blue eyes inet Beatrice's grey ones, and she &new; that 'Beatrice liked her co better than she did Beatrice. These •eyes were a trifle too honest, and, like the deep clear -water they resembled, apt to throw up^ shadows ot the passing {thoughts above. "False and -cold and heartless," thought Beatrice. "I wonder how a man like that could marry her; and how much-he loves her." Thus the two- women took each other's measure-at a glance, each finding the other wanting by her standard. Nor did they ever chezige that hastily fowled judgment. It-was all done in a few seconds—in :hat -hesitating moment before the words -we summon answer on our The next, Lady (Honoria was sweeping towards her with outstretched hand and her most gracious smile. " Miss Granger," she said, " I -owe you a debt I never can repay—my -dear husband's life. I have heard all about how .you saved him; it is the most wonderful thing—Grace Darling born again. I can't think how you could do it. I-wish I were half as brave and strong." "Please don't, Lady Honoria," «aid Beatrice. '<1 am so tired of being thanked for doing nothing, except what it was my duly to do. HI had let Mr. Bingham _go while I had the strength: to hold on to him I should •have felt like a murderess to-day. I beg you-, to say.no more about it." " One does not often find such modesty united to so much courage, •and, if yoa. wilL allow me to say it, -so much beauty," said Lady Hoaeria .graciously. " Well, I will do as you wish, butl warn you your fame wall find you out. I hear they have an -account of thewhole adventure in today's papers, headed, ' A Welah Heroine. -" How did you ; hear' that, Honoria -?" .asked her husband. Lady "•Oh, I <.hsd a teleigram from Garsington, and he mentions it," she answered, carelessly. " Telegram irom Garsington! Hence these smiles,"-thought he. " I suppose she is going to-morrow." " I havp some other news for you, Miss Granger," went oaiady Honoria. -** Your«anoe has been washed ashore, very littie iqjured. The aid boatman— Edward, I think they call him—has found it 4 and your gun in it too, Geoffrey. It had stuck.uuder the seat or eomewhere. J&at; I fancy that you must both have had enough canoeing for the present." ^ [ don't know," Lady Honoria," answered Beatrice. "One does not often get audi weather as last night's, and canoeing,is -very pleasant. Every sweet has its salt, you know.; or, in other words, one may always be upset." At that moaeent, Betty, the awkward Welsh serving lass, with a fare-arm about as shapely.as the hind kg of an elephant, and a {nost ucpleasing habit of snorting aadib^y as she moved, shuffled in with tbe. tea-tray. Is her wake came the slim Elizabeth, to whom Lady Honoria was introduced. After this, conversation Sagged Sat a while, till Lady Honoria, feeling (oat things were getting a little dull, set-the ball rolling again. "What a pretty view you have of the sea from these windows," ahe said in her well-trained and monotonously modulated voice. " I ,am so glad to have seen it, for, you know, I am going away to-morrow." Beatrice looked up quickly. "My husband is not going," she went on, as though in answer to an onspoken question. "I am playing the part of the undutiful wife and running away from him, for exactly three weeks, fiis rerj wicked of me^ isn't it? but I have an engagement that I must keep. It is moet bresome." Geoffrey, aipping his tea, smiled behind the shelter of bis cup. "She does it uncommonly well,'' he thought | to himself, know how bard it is when one has <*tv one child. But I think she would be so bored where. I am going "to stay, for there are no other chil&rsa; there: and, besides, she positively adores the sea. So I shall have to leave her to her father's tender merges, poor dear." " I hope she..will survive it, I am sure," said Geoffrey laughing. "I suppose that your husband is going io stay on-et Mrs. Jones's," said Redly 1 -flon't know. What art you going to do, "Geoffrey? Mrs. Jones's rooms are rather expensive for people in our impoverished condition. Besides, I am sure die cannot look after Effie. Just think,-flie has eighteen children of her own, poor old dear. And I must take Anne with me; she is Effie'e French 'nurse, you know, a perfect treasure. I am going to stay in a big house, 'flad my experience of those big houses is, that one never gets on at all unless one takes a maid. You see, what-is everybody's business is nobody's business. I'm sure I don't know how yon will get on with the child, Geoffrey; she takes such a lot of looking after." "Oh don't trouble about that, Honoria," he answered. "I daresay that Effie and I will manage somehow." 'Here oneof those peculiar gleams of intelligence which marked the advent of a new idea passed across Elizabeth's Same. She was sitting next her father, end bending, whispered to him. Beatrice -saw it and made a motion as though to interpose, but before she could do so Mr. Granger spoke. " Look here, Mr. Bingham!"'he eaid, " if you want to move, would you like a room here T Terms strictly moderate, but can't afford to put up for nothing, you know, and living rough and ready. You'd have to take us as you find us; but there's a dressing-room next to my room, where your little girl could sleep, and my daughters would look after her between them, and be glad-of the job." Again Beatrice opened her lips aB though to speak, but -closed them without speaking. Thus &o; our opportunities pass before we realise they are at hand. Instinctively Geoffrey 'had glanced towards her. He did not know if this idea was agreeable to her. He knew that her work was hard, -and be did not wish to put extra trouble upon her, for he guessed that the burden of looking after Effie would ultimately fall upon her shoulders. But her .face told him nothing: it was quite passive and apparently indifferent. " You are very kind, Mr. Granger," he said, hesitating. " I dofi't want to go away from Bryngelly justat present, and it would be a good plan in some ways, that is if the trouble to your daughters would not be too much." «' I am sure that it twould' be - an excellent plan," broke in Lady Honoria, who feared lest difficulties should arise as to her appropriation of Anne's services; " How lueky that I happened to mention it. There will be no trouble about our giving up the rooms at Mrs. Jones's, because I knew she has another application for them.'" " Very well," said Geoffrey, not liking to raise objections to a scheme thus paulioly advocated, although he would have preferred to take time to consider. Something warned him that Bryngelly Vicarage would ; prove fateful abode for him. Then Elizabeth rose and asked Lady Honoria if she would like to see the«<ooms her husband and Effie would ooeupy. She said she would be delighted and went off, followed toy Mr. Granger fussing in thenar. " Don't you think 4bat you will be a little dull here, Mr. - Bingham ?" said Beatrice. " On the eontratjy," he answered. "Why should I be.dull ? I cannot be so dull as I should be by myself." Beatrice hesitated, «&nd; wen spoke again. " We are a xcurious family, Mr. Bingham; you may have seen as much this afternoon. .Had you not better think it over?" "If you mean that.you-do not want me to come, I won't," he said bluntly, and next second felt that* he had made a mistake. " I!" she answered, opening her •eyes. " I have no wishes in the matter. She fact is that we are poor, and let lodgings—that iB what it comes to. If you think they will suit -you, you are ^uite right to take them." -Geoffrey coloured. He was a man w&o; oould not bear to lay hinself open to the smallest rebuff from -a woman,: and he had brought this OB himself. Beatrice saw it and relented. "•Ot course, Mr. Bingham, so far aB I am concerned, I shall be the .gainer if you -do come. I do not meet «o many people with whom I care to associate, and from whom I can learn, that I wish to throw a chance away." " I think you mie understood me a a little,"" he eaid; "I only meant that perhaps you would not wish to be bothered with Effie, Miss Granger." She laughed. '' Why, I lovechildren. It will be a great pleasure to me to look after her so 4ar as I have time:" Just then <the others returned, and their conversation came to an end. " It's quite delightful, Gboffrey— such funny «U-faebioned rooms. I really envy yoa." (If then was one thing in the world that Lady Honoria < hated, it was an old-faahioned room.); "Well, and now we must he going. Oh! poor creature, I forgot that you were so knocked about. I am sure Mr. Granger will give you his arm." Mr. Granger ambled forward, and Geoffrey having made his adieus, and borrowed a clerical hat (Mr. Granger's concession to custom, for in most other respects he dressed like an ordinary farmer), was safely conveyed to the fly. And so ended Geoffrey's first day at Bryngelly Vicarage. CHAPTER XL BEIOKI ura u inomuit. LADY HOXTOBIA leaned back in the cab, and sighed a sigh of satisfaction. " That is a capital' idea," she eaid. " I was wondering what arrangements you could make for the next three weeks. It is ridiculous to pay three guineas a week for rooms just for you and Effie. The old gentleman only wants that for board and lodging together, for I asked him." " I daresay it will do," said Geofirey. " When ue we to shift ?" "To-morrow, in time for dinner, or rather supper; these barbarians eat supper, you know. I go by the morning train, you see, so as to reach Garsington by tea-time. I daresay you will find it rather dull, but you like being dull. The old clergyman is a low stamp of man, and a bore, and as for the eldest daughter, Elizabeth, she's too awful—she reminds me of a rat. But Beatrice is handsome enough, though I think her horrid too. " You'll have to console yourself with her, and I dare say you will suit each other." "Why do you think her horrid, Honoria?" "Oh, I don't know; she's clever and odd, and I hate odd women. Why can't they be like other people ? Think of her being strong enough to save your life like that too. She must have the muscle of an Amazon—it's downright unwomanly. But there's no doubt about her beauty. She is as nearly perfect as any girl I ever Baw, though too independent looldng. If only one had a daughter like that, how one might marry her. I wouldn't look at anything under twenty thousand a year. She is too good for that lumbering Welsh squire she's engaged to—the man who lives in the Oastle—though they say he is fairly rich." " Engaged," said Geoffrey, " how do you know that she is engaged ?" " Oh I don't know it at all, but I suppose she is. If she isn't, she soon will be, for a girl in that position is not likely to throw such a chance away. At any rate, he's head over ears in love with her. I saw that last night. He was hanging about for hours in the rain, outside the door, with a face like a ghost, till he knew whether she was dead or alive, and he's been there twice to inquire this morning. Mr. Granger told me. But she's too good for him from a business point of view. She might marry anybody, if only she were put in the way of it." Somehow, Geoffrey's lively interest in Beatrice sensibly declined on the receipt of this intelligence. Of course it was nothing to him; indeed he was glad to hear that she was in the way of Buch a comfortable settlement, but it is unfortunately a fact that one cannot be quite as much interested in a young and lovely lady who is the potential property of a "lumbering Welsh Bquire," as in one who belongs to herself. The old Adam still survives in most men, however right thinking they may be, and .this is one of its methods of self-assertion.' " Well," he said, " I'm glad to hear that she is in such a good way; she deserves it. I think the Welsh squire in luck; MisB Granger is a remarkable woman." " Too remarkable by half." said Lady Honoria drily. "Here we are, and there is Effie, skipping about like a wild thing as usual. I think that child is demented." On the following morning—it was Friday—Lady Honoria, accompanied by Anne, departed in the very best of tempers. For the next three weeks, at any rate, Bhe would be free •from the galling associations of Btraightened means—free to enjoy the luxury and refined comfort to which she had been accustomed, and for which her soul yearned with a fierce longing that would be incomprehensible to ifolk of a simpler mind. Everybody has his or her ideal Heaven, if only one could fathom it. Some would choose a sublimated intellectual leisure, made happy by all the best literature of all the planets; some a model state (with themselves as presidents), in which the latest radical notions eould actually (through their beneficent efforts) be got to work to everybody's -satisfaction; others a happy hunting ground, where the game enjoyed the fun as much as they did; and so on, ai infinitum. Lady Honoria was even more modeBt. Give her a well appointed town and country house, a few powdered footmen, plenty of carriages, and other needful things, including of course the mtrie to the upper celestial ten, and she would ask no more from age to age. Let us hope that she will get it one day. It would hurt nobody, and she is sure *fco find plenty of people of her own way of thinking—that is, if this world supplies the raw material. She embraced Effie with enthusiasm, and her husband with a chastened warmth, and went, a pious prayer upon her lips that' she might never set her eyes upon Bryngelly again. It will not be necessary for us to follow Lady Honoria in her travels. That afternoon Effie and her father had greet fun. They packed up. Geoffrey, who was rapidly recovering from his staffaess, pushed the things into the portmanteaus and Effie j umped on ihem. Those which would not go in they bundled loose into the fly, till that vehicle looked like an old dothes shop. Then, aa. there was no room left for ihem inside, they walked down to the Vicarage by 'the beach, a distance of adoutrthree quarters of a mile, stopping on their way to admire the beautiful Oastle, in one corner of which Otren Davies lived and moved. "Oh, daddy," said the child, "I wish you would buy a house like that for you and me to live in. Why don't you, daddy?" " Have'nt got the money, dear," he answered. "Will you ever have the money, daddy r' " I don't know, dear, perhaps one day—when I am too old to enjoy it," he added to himself. " It would take a great many pennies to buy a house like that, wouldn't it, daddy ?" said Effie sagely. {To be Continued.) 