La Mette. ANNO 1814. &y; W. CLACK RtJSSELL. t Lave guessed what weight theiV iffas in this ocean swell till I felt the VplUlne of it from the low seat of the ship's quarter-boat. The Svby looked to be rolling on it as heavily again as she seeemed to have been when I was on her deck, and the beat of her canvas against tho tnast rang in volleys through, the air like the explosion of batteries up them The wreck came and went as we Bank and Boated, and I fcaught the second mate eyeing her somewhat anxiously as though theorizinc to himself upon the safest dodge to board her. She was further off Ulan I should have deemed possible, so deceptive is distance at sea, and though thti five seamen pulled cheerily the job of tneasuringthe interval between the two Craft, what with the Voluminous heave of the swell running &t; us, and what with the routing sunshine that lay like a sense paralysis in the backbone, proved very fadious to my impatience to come at the hulk and explore her. As we swept round under her stem, supposing that her starboard side would be clear <of wreckage, I glanced at iheJStifeyariS saw that they were cl£wingni> neriSij^ls, and -hanling fewii her flying jib withiands jm; the crosHjack^ard rolling the - sail up. There werespars and -a litter of trailing;, gear on-either side the hulk; ereiyroll was a spiteful snapping at the ropes with. a xlrag of the floating sticks which sometimes made the water foam. ; " • "We must board her astern," said the mate, "and stand by for a handsome dip. of the counter." ^.V " Our approach was very cautiousin\x=req-\ deed it was necessary to manoeuvre very . gingerly indeed. We got on "to the. quarter and watching his chance the bow oarsman cleverly sprang through the crashed rail as the deck buoyantly swang down to the heave of the boat carrying the end of the painter with him; the mate followed, and I after a tolerably long interval, wanting j»erhaps the nerve and certainly the practised limbs of the sailors. In truth I may as well say here that I should have stuck to the boat and waited for the mate's report but for the dislike of being laughed at when I returned. I very well knew I should not be spared, least of all by those amongst the passengers who would have forfeited fifty pounds rather than have quitted the ship. The hull had a desperately wrecked look inboards with the mess of ropes, staves, jagged ends, crushed rails, rents manifesting the fury of the hurricane. X swept a glance along in expectation of beholding a dead body, or, if you will, some scarcely living though yet breathing man ; but nothing of the kind was to be seen. The mate hung his head over the companion hatch from which the cover had been clean razed and peered down, then shouted and listened. But no other sound followed than the long moan and huge washing sob of the swell brimming to the wash-streak with a dim sort of : ' choking gurgling noise as of water stream- ; ing from side to side in the hold. j " Hardly worth while exploring those | moist bowels, I think, sir," said the mate. "Oh, yes," said 1, "if we don't take a peep under deck what will there be to tell ? This is a quest of the ladies' making, remember, and it must be a complete thing, or 4 stand by,' as you sailors say." " Bight you are, sir," said he, " and so here goes," and with that he put his foot upon the companion-ladder and dropped into the cabin. I followed at his heels, and both of us came to a stand at the bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty of light to see by streaming down through the skylight aperture and the hatch. The cabin was a plain snuff- coloured room, with a few sleeping-berths running forward, a rough table somewhat hacked and cut about as if with the slicing of tobacco, a row of lockers on either band, a stand of firearms right aft, and some twenty cutlasses curiously stowed in a sort of brackets under the ceiling or upper deck. Hot as it was above, the cabin struck chill as though it were an old welL Indeed, you saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was a briny, sea weedy flavour in the atmosphere of it that made you think of a cave deep down in a sea-fronting cliff. We looked into the sleeping -births, going forward to where a movable bulkhead stopped the road. It was not easy to walk ; the increasing weight of the swell was defined by the heavy, though comparatively buoyant, rolling of the hulL The deck went in slopes like the roof of a house from side to side, with now and again an | ugly jerk that more than once came near to throwing me, when a sudden yawn! forced the dismasted fabric into a swift recoveiy. " There's nobody aft here, anyway," said the mate; "no use troubling ourselves to look for her papers, I think, sir." " No; but this is only one end of the ship," I answered. "There may be a discoveiy to make forward. Can't we unship that bulkhead there, and so get into the 'tween-decks?" We laid hold of the frame, and after "POIIOW ME, ME. CATESBY, OB WB ARE DEAD MEN !*' peering a "bit, for this part of the cabin lay in gloom, ire found tliat it stood in grooves, and without much trouble we slided it open, and the interior, to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a hit of forecastle, lay clear before us in the daylight shining through the main hatch. Here were a number of hammocks dangling from the deck, and some score or more of seamen's chests and bags in j heaps, some of them split open, with quantities of rough wearing apparel i scattered about, insomuch that I never could have imagined a scene of wilder disorder, nor one more suggestive of hurry, and panical consternation, and delirious headlong behaviour. " Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "Kb," I answered, "I suppose her people left her in their boats, and that ohe of the wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter we received the other night." " At sea," said the mate, " there is no imagining how matters come about. I allow that the three men have been taken off by some passing vessel. Anyway we've done our bit, and the capt'n, I expect, '11 be waiting for us. Thunder! how 8he rolls," he cried, as~a very heavy lurch sent uahoth reeling towards the side of thc.'cKift. " " Harkt^1 cried I,"*' we are hailed from " shouted a voice in-the\x=req-\ coijpJtEm&'n-hatch. "They've fired a gun ^aboais^^^ indiamah,"- fSr, and have run flie jjniign ujK-half-masted. The weather looksmighty queer,sir." Ha!" cried "the mate, "come along, e walked cautiously and with difficulty. ,aflj~^gained the companion-ladder and ascended. My instant glance went to the Huby. She had furled her mainsail and fore and mizen top-gallant sails, hauled down her lighter, staystails and big standing jib, and as I glanced at her a gun winked in a quarter-deck port, and the small thunder of it rolled sulkily up against the wind. In fact, whilst we were below, the breeze had chopped clean round, and the Ritby was to leeward of the wreck, with a very heavy swell rolling along its former course, the wind dead the other way, beginning to whiten the ridges on each huge round-backed fold, and a white thickness — a flying squall of vapour it looked to me, with a seething and creaming line of water along the base of it as though it was something solid that was coming along—sweeping within half-a-mile of the wreck right down upon us. The mate sent a look at it and uttered a cry. " Haul the boat alongside," he shouted to the fellow in her; "handsomely now, lads. Stand by to jump into her," he cried to the seaman who had been the first to spring on board the wreck with the end of the line. They brought the boat humming and buzzing to the counter; the sailor standing on the taffrail plumped into her like a cannon-shot; 'twas wonderful he didn't scuttle her. The mate whipping the painter off the pin, or whatever it was that it had been belayed to, held it by a turn whilst he bawled to me to watch my chance and jump. But the wreck lying dead in the trough was rolling in a quite frenzied way, like a see-saw desperately worked. Her movements, combined with the soaring and falling of the boat, were absolutely confounding. I would gather myself together for a spring, and then, before I could make it, the boat was sliding, as it might seem to me, twenty or thirty feet deep and away. "Jump, for God's sake, sir," cried the mate. i "I don't mean to break my neck," I answered, irritable with the nervous flurry that had come to me with a sudden abominable sense of incapacity and helplessness. As I spoke the words, sweep! came the white smother off the sea over us with a spitefull yell of wind of a weight that smote the cheek a blow which might have forced the strongest to turn his back. The hissing, and seething, and crackling of the spume of the first of the squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too the Ruby and the ocean all her way vanished in the wild and terrifying eclipse of the thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist. " By , I have done it now ! " cried the mate. The end of the painter had been dragged from his hand or he had let it fall! And the wind catching the boat blew her over the swell like the shadow of a cloud. The seamen threw their oars over and headed for us, their faces pale as those of madmen. " They'll never stem this weather," cried the mate, " follow me, Mr. Catesby, or we are dead men!" He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went overboard without another word. Follow him! To the bottom, indeed! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that was not quite it. Had I had my senses I might have grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put ! my hand upon and gone after him with it to paddle and hold on till I was picked up. But all this business coming upon us so suddenly, along with the sudden blinding of me by the vapour, the distracting yelling of the wind and tlie sickening bewilderment caused by the wreck's violent rolling, seemed to have driven all my wits clear out of my head. The boat was scarcely more than a smudge in tlie thickness, vanishing and showing as she swept up and rushed down the liquid acclivities, held with her bow towards the hulk by the desperately\x=req-\ plied oars of the rowers. The mate was borne down rapidly towards her. I could just- see three of the sailors leaning over the side to drag him out of the water; the next instant the little fabric had vanished in the thickness, helplessly and with horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to rescue their officer. I do not know how long all this may have occupied ; a few minutes maybe sufficed for the whole of the tragic passage. I stood staring and staring, incredulous of the truth of what had befallen me, and then with an inexpressible sickness of heart I flung myself down upon the deck under the lee of a little space of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with the horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly swaying platform. I had met in my travels with but one specimen of such weather as this, it was off the Cape of Good Hope to the westward ; the ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsails, when without an -interval of so mnch as tyenty -seconds of calm she was taken right aback by a wind that came with the "temper of half a gale in it, whilst as if "by magic a fog white and dense as wool was boiling and shrieking all about her. . ..For some time my consternation was so heavy that I sat mechanically staring into that part of the thickness where the boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea or to the wreck. It was then blowing in earnest, the ocean still densely shrouded with fly;ng vapour, and an ugly bit of a sea racing over the swell that rolled its volumes to windward. A smart shock and fall of water on to the forecastle startled me into sudden perception of a real and imminent danger. The fore scuttle was closed, but the main and companion hatchways yawned opened to the weather; there were no bulwarks worth talking of to iucrease the wreck's height of side, and to hinder the free tumbling of the surge on to the decks, so if the wind increased and the sea grew heavier, the hulk must inevitably fill and go down like a thunderbolt! It would be idle to try to express the thoughts which filled me. I was like one stunned : now casting an ejre at the sea to observe if the billows were increasing, now with a heart of lead watching the water frothing upon the deck, as the hull heaved from one side to another ; then straining my sight with a mad passion of eagerness into the vapour that shut off all view of the ocean to within a cable's length of me. There was nothing to be done. Even could I have met with tarpaulins, there was no sailor's skill in me to spread and secure them over the open hatches. However, when an hour had passed in this way, 1 took notice of a small failure in the wind, though there was no lightening of the impenetrable mist. The folds of the swell liad diminished, and the sea was running steadily ; the hull with her broadside dead on iose and fell with regularity, and though at long intervals the surge struck her bow, and blew in crystals over the head, or fell in scores of bucketfulls upon the deck, nothing more than spray wetted the after part of her. j It was now about six o'clock in the even- { ing. In two hours' time the night would have come down, and if the weather did not clear, the blackness would be that of the tomb. What would the Etiby do? Remain hove-to, and wait for moonlight or for daybreak to seek for me ? A fragment of comfort I found in remembering that the wreck's position would be known to Captain Bow and his mates, so that their search for me, if they searched at all, ought not to prove fruitless ; though to be sure much would depend upon the drift of the hulk. Presently, fearing that there might be no water or provisions on Loird, I was seized with a sudden thirst, bred by the mere apprehension that I might come to want a drink. There was still light enough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of my manhood must have returned to me, for 1 made up my mind to waste no moment of the precious remaining time of day in imaginations of horror and of death and in dreams of desperate despondency. I went on my hands and knees to the hatch, lest if I stood up I should be knocked down by the abrupt rolling of the craft, and entered the cabin. On deck all was naked and sea swept from the taffrail to the "eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it must be sought below. I recollected that one of the forward berths or cabins which the second mate and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantiy; that is to say, in peering over my companion's shoulders, I had caught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, the outlines of jars, and so forth. But the inspection had been very swift, scarce more than a glance. I made for this cabin now, very well remembering that it was the last of a row of three or four on the starboard side. I opened the door, and secured it by its hook to the bulkhead that I might see, and after rummaging a little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two large jars of red vine, and, best of all, a small barrel about half full of frcsli water, slung against the bulkhead, ■with a little -wooden tap fixed in it, for the convenience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, and so on; the catalogue would be tedious, nor does my memory carry them. I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound claret. I mixed me a draught with cold water, and ate a biscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, and found myself extraordinarily refreshed. I cannot tell you indeed how comforted I was by this discovery of provisions and fresh water, for now I guessed that if the weather did not drown the wreck, I might be able to support life on board of her until the 'Rvby took me off, which I counted upon happening that night if the moon shone, or most certainly next morning at latest. My heart however sank afresh when I regained the deck. The sudden change from the life, the clicerfulnes3, the security of the Indiaman, to this—"oh, my God! my God !" I remember exclaiming as I sank down under the lee of the fragment of bulwark, with a wild look around into the thickness and along the spray-darkened planks of the heaving and groaning derelict. The loneliness of it! no sounds saving the dismal crying of the wind sweeping on high through the atmosphere, and the ceaseless seething and hissing of the dark green frothing seas, swiftly chasing one another out of sight past the wall of vapour that circled the wreck, with the blank and blinding mist itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concentration the dreadful sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly the wind softened down, very gradually the seas sank, and their worrying note of snarling melted into a gentler tone of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled the air, and so thick did it hang that, though by my watch I knew it to be the hour of sundown, I was unable to detect the least tinge of hectic anywhere, no faintest revelation of the fiery scarlet light which I knew must be suffusing the clear heavens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Then came the blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would have thought every luminary above had been extinguished, and that the earth hung motionless in the sunless opacity of chaos out of which it had been called into being. The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of steam owing to the moisture that loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eyes with ever recurring horror and astonishment upon the blackness. Gleams of the sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of the wreck, and there was nothing else for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a small breeze of wind and the sea running gently—at midnight I mean as I could best reckon; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was stall thick about me by no dimmest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, for two or tliree hours, and when I awoike it was daylight, the sea clear to the horizon, the sky a soft liquid blue with, masses of white vaporous cloud hanging vuider it like giant bursts of steam, and the sun shining with a sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There was a pleasant air blowing out of the north, with power to wrinkle the water and no more. My limbs were so cramped that for a long while I was incapable of rising; when at last my legs had recovered their power I stood erect and swept the ocean with my eyes. But the light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on all sides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose. I strained my sight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very well remember falling on my knees and grovelling upon the deck in the anguish of my spirit. X had so surely counted on daylight exhibiting the liuby somewhere within the circle which enclosed me that the disappointment that came out of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like a blow from a hammer. Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feeling thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning hatch, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and baiting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, some imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was ou it. I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a piece of Dutch cheese that was on the shelf. I then thought I would look into tlie cabins for a chair to sit upon on dock, for a mattress to lie upon, for something also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open the door of the berth immediately facing the pantry as I may call it. The wreck was rolling very lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping as the Indiaman's. This berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's chest, some clothes hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. The nest was similarly furnished saving that here I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a dark green with the letter D in white upon it had been split open as though the contents were to be rifled, or as though the lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. This had some comfort of equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless been the commander's. There was a very handsome telescope on brackets, a few books,' a quadrant, a large silver timepiece, a small compass and one or two other matters of a like sort upon a little table fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with a litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a largo handsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about the deck. I was looking with some wonder at these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up ; it was an English sovereign. Others lay about as though a handful had been clutched and dropped—here being the same manifestations of terrified hurry as, it seemed to me, I witnessed in the other cabins. The lid of the small chest was split in halves, and the chopper that had seemingly been wielded rested against the side of the box. A massive padlock was still in the staples. I lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the upper part of the chest. Each division contained coins of various nations. Tliey were all gold pieces—English, Portuguese, Brazilian and coins of the United States. I prized open the padlock part of the lid and seized the tray to lift it that I might observe what lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box was revealed. The Bight of tlie gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What I there saw was a heap of rough brick\x=req-\ shaped stuff of a dull, rusty reddish tint. I grasped a lump, and, though. I had never seen gold in that form before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull-coloured bricks were of the most precious of metals. I slided the tray back to its place and let fall the two halves of the lid, with another look around me for any article that might be useful to ine ondeck. The excitement kindled by the'spectacle of the gold rapidly died away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, concluding that it represented the privateers man's sorted plunder; that in all likeli I LIFTED THE HALF OF THE LID AND WAS GREATLY ASTONISHED BY THE SIGHT OF A QUANTITY OF GOLD PIECES. liood, wlien the rush had been made to the boats, one or more had split open this chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could find time for more than a scrambling clutch at the tray. But it was the contents, no doubt, of this chest—if, indeed, this chest held all the treasure of the buccaneer — that was indicated by the writer of the letter in the concluding line of it, the closing words of which had been found illegible by the young fellow who translated the missive. I put the telescope under my arm and passed into the cabin, and found a small chair near the arms-rack, and near it, upon the deck, lay a great cotton umbrella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, and carried it with the chair up the steps. There was a great plenty of ropes-ends knocking about. I cut a piece and unlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella to a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the deck would have been insupportable, for, low as the sun still was in the east, liis fires were already roasting, and I well knew what sort of temperature was to be expected as he Boated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass—a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the officers of a vessel to her commander ; I forget the names, but recollect they were English. The placidity of the day dreadfully disheartened me. There was but little weight in the languid air to heave the Buby or any other vessel into view. The sea under the sup was like brand new tin for tlie dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced, the heavy vapourous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a -clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to the main hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and tlie wells of thein sank like black shafts under the deck. But whatever there was of water in the hulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold—light, as I reckoned by the sit of the wrcck upon the water— chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas bales; but whatever mightI have been the commodities, there was I not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I stood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted the hatch - cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people of La Mnlette as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft the hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles, and so fortli. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible, I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing whatever to be witnessed in that way; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lingered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as I sent my glance along the naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibition of splintered plank and crushed bulwark, that had there been a mast left in the hull I might from the summit of it be able to see the Ruby, whose topmost cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled from the low side of the wreck. "Oh!" I would cry aloud, "if I could but be sure that she was near me, though hidden!" Maddening as the expectation might have been which the sight of her afar would have raised in me, yet the mere having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart- subduing feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation that possessed me. The sun sank ; with the telescope trembling in my hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western magnificence lay upon it, and then let fall the glass and fell into the chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by tlie shadowing of the lids the anguish ot the fires which despair had kindled in them—for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me—I waited for the darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day the gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and some time ! after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught J of wind died out and the ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon had soared and whitened, the sea looked as wide again as it was to the showering of her light brimming the atmosphere with a delicate silver ' haze; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to tlie shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of the firmament that bent over it to glance over the side of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of the deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. I had brought up some blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about ten o'clock I think when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like the murmurs of a fountain against the sides of the pale, silent, gently\x=req-\ rolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind somewhat weakened by my distress. Indeed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my head with several phantasies which must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the Ituby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I woi.'.d ridiculc myself for the fears which had been upon me throughout the day ; then of jumping up in a sudden transport and passion of delight ; when the vision instantlv vanished, whereupon a violent fit of trenil >' lug seized me, and I sank down again poll the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger ; some fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention to it. This went on till I fell to sleep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like tie sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. By her red light X saw the man. I sat erect and swept a glance round; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven! I thought, what is it? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors who had been left on the wreck? Surely 1 had closely searched the hull; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-drops broke from my brow as I sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of outline in the waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of the deck, then a third; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft at me, but without a stir in their frames, that I could witness. Three of them! I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more than a whisper. I tried again, and this time my voice sounded. " In the name of God, who, and what are you ? " "Ha!" cried one of them. He said something to his companions, in words which were unintelligible to me, then approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. " Som drink for Clirisfcu's sake!" said the man who had cried Ha! pointing his finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of his throat as something rough, like a file. By this time it was clear to me they were no ghosts. I imagined them negroes, bo dark their faces looked in the dim west rays and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what manner they had arrived, I could not imagine ; but it was not for me to stand speculating about them in the face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles in the pantry—as I term it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while tall I obtained a light; and after groping and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in English, there was wine in them; and then to the slung cask of water, and then to the food on the shelves. They instantly., grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and delight. They then fell upon the biscurb and sausage, eating like famished wolves^ both fists full, and cramming their mouthsi\x=req-\ They were not very much more distant guishable by the feeble light of the candlft than on deck; however, I was able to se^T they were not blacks. The man who had addressed me was of a deep Chinese yellow, with lineaments of an Afriram pattern, a wide fiat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony gifted on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wool. He wore a short moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon his chin. Small gold earrings, a greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dungaree jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, completed the attire of Jhe ugliest, most villainous-looking creature I had ever set eyes on. His companions were longhaired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards—Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, indeed their attire consisted of no more than a pair of duck or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed heartily, and several times helped themselves to the wine, though before doing so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though nnlfing leave. " You Englis, sah?" he exclaimed, when he had made an end of eating. I said yes. "How long you been hear, sah. ?" I told him. He understood me perfectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired who he and his companions were, and his stoiy was to the following effect: That he was the boatswain, and the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on fire by one of the -crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had three boats which they hoisted out; most of the people got away in the long boat, six men were in the second boat, he and his two comrades got into the jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with the other boats in the night, and had been four days adrift, sailing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keeping an eager look-out though they sighted nothing; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, and made for it, but so scant was the wind and so weak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to measure the distance, which would bs a few miles only. They got their boat under the bow—she was lying there now, he said—and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their apparition. Of course I had not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to me lying aft, the three men rising over the bows looked as though like ghostly essences they had shaped themselves on the forecastle out through the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow man told me that their language was a jargon of base Portuguese, of which I should be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "We mosh see to dali bor-' he exclaimed, and spoke to his liSices, apparently to that effect. (To be continued.) 