AN1 American Slonte Cristo. A BGMA&CE;: [AM, BIGHTS BESERVM).] Br Julian H awthobne. ,1 ng no one here,' saidtlie other, with. treintUL.us earnestness. ' Listen, -when I get well I will divide with you; there's enough for both ; we shall he two of the richest men in the world. There are nxillions — millions ! I hjive told nobody. No one knows I am here, if they came, they would take it all, and put us in gaol. Wiiat is the sense of that ? Maurice knows, but he can't tell ; it isn't Maurj.ce — it is his spirit, that's all. He can't speak, he can only look 5 and no one but I can see him. ?\VTe are safe if I get well.' 'You had better keep quiet.' said Kep pel. 'You're tiring yourself out, and you're talking nonsense. There is no treasure here ; if you didn't die of the fever, you would starve to death, as far as I can see. What is your name, and what did you come here for?' ' I am a poor peddler. I peddle wax fruits. I come here to be out of the 'way, not to be interfered with. I shall take them down to New York and sell them, one at a time. The least of them is worth a hun dred thousand franc6. There are thousands of theni.' Eeppel turned away impatiently. ' I am going to take a nap,' he said. * I saw some fish nets and bagging in the kitchen, and I'll make a bed of them here in the corner. If you want anything you can call out.' He got the materials and made Jus bed accordingly. His fatigue was so great after the exertions and excitement of the previous two days that he fell asleep the instant he lay down. He was awakened by a wild scream and a heavy fall. He raised himself up, still heavy and be wildered with sleep. At first he did not remember where he was. Was he in his prison cell ? or had he been hanged, and ?was this after- death ? In a few moments lie came to himself. The candle was flaring in the socket, The faint gray of dawn was coming through the dusty panes of the eastern 'window. Who had screamed ? The sick man, of course. Keppel looked toward the bed ; it was vacant. What ]iad happened ? He got to his feet and made a step forward. He trod upon some thing that yielded beneath his weight. It was the body of the invalid. Recoiling, he fetched the expiring candle and bent over it. The man's body was drawn* together, lying on the side. The hands were over the face. In the right hand was a long knife. Evidently he had crawled from his bed and stolen upon Keppel with the intention of stabbing him 5 but just before he could accomplish his purpose, the spectre by which he imagined him Eelf haunted had intervened. The man was dead. The candle nickered and went out. peppel made a spring for the other candle, but remembered that he had no matches. He could not stay with the body in the darkness so he made his way to the open air. The morning sky was clear, the eastern horizon, a pale yellow. He paced up and down before the house till the sun cose, his mind full of gloomy thoughts. Horror and misery pursue him everywhere. He bad the revolver in his pocket ; why not use it on himself, and end all? He paused, debating the question, but finally ehcok his head. He had had so many escapes lately, that he persuaded himself he might have been preserved for a pur pose. The unclouded sun, rising over the blue verge of the distant ocean, was an omen of hope. He turned and reluctantly re-entered the house. The sunlight fell upon the corpse as it lay there. Keppel set resolutely to work. He straightened out the arms and legs and rolled up the body in a blanket from the bed. He tied it round with apiece of rope from the iish net. It was now ready for burial. But how was he to dig a grave ? He had no spade. Yet the body could not be left above ground, it might breed a pestilence. This reflection led to another. If the man had died of yellow fever all his clothing must hold the contagion, and ehould be burned. Keppel resolved to do this at once. The coat and trousers vere lying on a stool at the head of the bed. He took them up, and some papers slipped from the pocket and fell on the floor. He examined them, at first indifferently, then with more inter est. There was a passport with several vises upon it, showing a journey through Egypt, India, Australia, and Panama. There were several letters, apparently from persons of high authority in Paris, recom mending the bearer, Maurice Splange, to the good offices of foreign consuls. But at this point Keppel bent his brows in per plexity. This mail 'who had just died could not be Maurice. Maurice* was dead* and his ghost, as the 4 other in. his delirium be lieved, had haunted him. How then? The most plausible interpretation that occurred to Keppel was that this man had murdered Maurice, and appropriated bjp property. It appeared, moreover, that Maurice must have been a personage of eome importance ; or, at any rate, that he had been, intrusted with an iniportaiit inis sion. These letters of recommendation could have been delivered only by the French Emperor's authority- He recounted, too, that the man had spoken of the Emperor. Pertaialy tfypre ^&|i somp mys tery here. .??? -' ?-??'- He took the papers out doors and sat down to think over the matter in the 9P-sn air. If Maurice had been murderec^ tjipre, must have beea a motive for $hjg murder. This motive would naturally be connected with the mission on which. Maurice had been dispatched. . But the nature of the mission was not specified 'in the papers. It even seemed, as If this non- specification, had been carefally intended* T&£F£ W&sa; teason, then, for keeping the thing secret ? — a secret of state. ' . , . . ' ' -. . Was it likely, ..however, that 'the, pppr wretch, whose body lay. yoiL&er; awaiting, burial, would murder & '_, man for the' sake Df a secret ot . state 2 Nothing ?was.less likely. 'What good could the sedret do the murderer? Was -it a tiling lie cqnMaell? Some secpet^ wgre sala^Jg^n^ dpt^fcv ? jpttpfc^ Maurice, an au%orife4 9-ge??t p?i ifalg ^aj^ip America, must have been- *on^g 4° iin-( part the secret to the government ^em: therefore, no sale eould have been con templated. Besides, the dead man had said something about a treasure — millions of money. That might have been the mere ravings of insanity ; but possibly it was not. A murder committed for 'millions of money -was comprehensible, and this would account for the murderer's strange be havior. On the other hand, if those mil lions had been stolen, where were they? Were they about the premises*? Keppel Darke had never heretofore re garded money as a Bupreme object of ambition, He had been an artist, and if he liked to get large prices for his pictures it was in a great degree because such prices were a guarantee of the excellence of his work. But things were changed with him now ; he was an outcast from society ; mankind was hostile to him ; in the un equal contest he was disposed, to improve whatever advantages came in his way. No advantage in the direction 'of worldly success compares with that afforded by the possession of money. If then, millions of money were within his reach, he was not in a mood to let them escape. Moralists would object that they did not belong to him. The indications were that they belonged to the French Government. But it also appeared that they had already been stolen from that government. If any crime of violence had been committed to secure them, Keppel had had no part in it. He would simply inherit from the robber. And to appropriate what belonged to a government was not like taking from an individual. Besides, if he refrained from taking it, what then ? He could not return it to the owners. Even if he knew who they were, how could he, a fugitive from justice, and a man believed to be dead, appear in the matter ? The mpney, con sequently, would remain where it was, until some less fastidious p&rson; found it j or, otherwise, remain lost for ever. Here Keppel gave a short laugh. He had argued out the question with himself, as if the millions had been lying before Mm. They probably had no existence whatever, except in the imagination of an insane man. He turned over the papers once more. Among them was one small document, folded square, that he did not remember noticing before. He was about to pass it over 5 but an idle impulse caused him to change his mind, and open it. The odd aspect of its contents attracted his attention. It looked something like a long sum in algebra. There were columns and combi nations of letters. There were also written words in the French language. For several minutes Keppel contemplated the paper without a „ suspicion of its signifi cance. It -was not a sum in algebra. There were no equations 5 noxoiy; no powers or signs. It might be a memo randum in shorthand or cipher. Yes, it ?was probably a cipher memorandum. But it was not all in cipher. The words seemed to be a comment or explanation. ' It strikes me,' said Keppel to himself, * that I've seen something like this some where. ' C. Kphl.— Si lninp.' That looks familiar.' , All at once he began to feel in his pockets, with signs of excitement. Here it was ; the newspaper cutting, containing the cipher letter found on the person of Harry Trent after his death. Keppel spread it out on his knee and com pared it with the anomalous document. In a moment he uttered a cry of surprise — surprise that his wild anticipation had been fulfilled. The cipher of the 1 etter and the cipher of the document were identical. But the latter was the key to the former, and the explanation of it, and by its aid Keppel could read the mysterious communication as easily as he could construe French. Cipher-writing is so ancient an art that there is little or nothing new to be said about it ; and, perhaps, there, are no new cipher-types to l-e invented. It has been said than the ingenuity of man can devise nothing (in this' kind) which the ingenuity of man cannot solve. This is doubtless true as to methods, though not, perhaps, as to specific examples. It would be easy to make a cipher, the key of which should be a series of words taken from certain pages of a cer tain book, which could be read only if the book and the pages -were known. Or a cipher qould be made in which the words were represented by numbers — the; num bers referring to words on pages of- a book previously agreed, upon' by the persons concerned. Suph ciphers would, of course, be insoluble unless the book were' known ; but they have the drawback of being tedi ous to write and tedious to read, even with the key. Cryptographs, for special pur poses, can be made 'by mixing up words .and sentences together, according to some prearranged plan. A -kind of cipher easily written (bui., also, unfortunately, easily detected) is that in which any given ^igns or marks are substituted for the letters of the alphabet. . s The ideal cipher is one that is easily written and read by those in the secret, and yet is practically undecipherable by outsiders. In such a cipher all the time and labor are expended *upon determining its fundamental principles of construction. Once pilose are sealed the praptical. work ing of it is simple. The cipher which Keppel was dealing with was of .this species y and, perhaps, no more nearly perfect one was 'ever made. It was based upon the - philosopMc istrue ture of langange, and -upon the mathemati cal 'principle $jat gives -different values or meanings to -a character according to its place in a. combination. 3?$us plan enables words to be written with much .fewer let ters than are contained iaa . ~ *3i& ior-dinary alphabet, and to be expressed with not* more than four characters— as, one to re present the root: -of the word; one for the termination, one for the part of- speech, one for such common' combinations as ' ion,' ' ght,' * ment/ * ph./ an-£ so on. Thus, if in the cipher, ikmn meant writ ing* then iklm -would mean writer, iira-m written or wrote, anji ikln to write. Far ther ^modifications were indicated by the -5apital letters, and™ others of a different kind J?y ? ^e..ppri(sds anfi commas. ..--,' / Buivit will not be iiecessary io carry these hints any | :arfcher 5 y:e£ougk bas beenj said to enable the Tejaxipci , if b^gbjs^O mmded, to work out 'the problem^ * &^ppj|, lii the course of twenty minutes, nad^icead the cipher igQfi, wM?h- *^wMt£d :^£g* -\ the French-Into English.^ xan -'eft fallows:1 i \- f Arrangements have been perfected. Name of messenger, Maurice Solange. Trust him. He leaves Paris February 15, Will take easterly route and should arrive not later than June, He will telegraph from Panama. Send to meet, him at New Orleans. Treasure packed in box, .con cealed as already advised. Approximate valufe twenty million pounds sterling. In case 'of robbery, death, or accident inform us by cable. On receiving treasure store quietly (phno) in 'private vault. Kate of commission 1 per cent, per annum. We intend to declare -war in early summer, but circumstances may delay. Winter cam paign not desired. If successful Splange will bring back treasure. Keep him with you meanwhile. If defeated -we shall leave at once for New York incognito (ngil F.). Empress and son to England. Keep us constantly informed of your move ment. Estimate so far as possible -whether American sympathies incline toward France or Germany. Would it be advisable to bring about collision between Germany and United States ? Is it possible that arrangements can still be made about Mexico ? If we miscarry with Germany something must be done tp consolidate and' stimulate imperial sentiment here. Our hand and seal.' The political immorality indicated by this document did not at the time particu larly impress Keppell; his interest was monopolised by that part of the letter re lating to the treasure. For some minutes his mind staggered in bewilderment at the suggestion presented to it. It seemed far more incredible now than before that a great fortune should actually be within his reach. He had dreamed a wild dream of hundreds of thousands of dollars, and it had almost seemed real to him ; but now that he heard, as it were, the very jingle of a huncjred millions, he could not believe it. And yet the evidence that a fortune not less vast lay possibly -within a few yards of where he was sitting was more than plausible. The more he examined it the more plausible did it appear. He endeavored to review the situation step by step, jte had found a man who manifestly carried some weighty secret on his mind. This man, -who was dying of yellow fever, spoke of one Maurice as being dead and as haunting him. Who could Maurice be but the Maurice Solange men tioned in the cipher letter ? Maurice, then, according to the letter, had been dispatched in charge of a treasure to America by way of India and the Pacific. It was not un common for ships making1 such a voyage to be visited by yeUow fever. Maurice may have died of it, or he may have been mur dered. Be that as it might, the nian whose body lay within there had evidently got hold of the treasure, and had brought it here. He had said that he meant to dispose of it, piece by piece. He had spoken of the emperor. Who could this emperor be but Napoleon? And by whom, unless by Napoleon, could the cipher letter have been written ? Napoleon, for reasons of his own, had determined to send this treasure to some one in New York. Who was that person ? The cipher letter had been found in the pocket of Harry Trent. There was, therefore, no escape from the conclusion that Harry Trent must have been the consignee of the treasure. Harry Trent, again, was a dealer* in. precious stones, and 'was known to be personally acquainted with the French emperor. The pieces of the puzzle fitted into one another like a mosaic. And by a a strange fatality Keppel Darke, who had been -wrongfully accused of murdering Trent, had, thrpughf that accusation, been brought in contact with a fortune not in ferior to any in the world. Bui; where was tire » 'treasure ? Was it in the neighborhood ? Keppel looked about him. A garden two or three acres in extent, long since gone to seed, adjoined the house. Outside the garden was a -waste of stunted woodr land, extending to the swamp on one side and toward the ocean on the other. To the westward lay a sort of pasture, with a few straggling apple trees growing upon it. The place was a deserted farm, such as is often met with on Long Island, and may not have been inhabited for many years. The treasure was probably buried somewhere about the grounds— it- might be far or near. Wherever it was, it was worth searching for ; and Keppel resolved to examine every square foot of ground within a mile* if necessary, before giving it up. This might take time — weeks or even months. Meanwhile, he would have tp live in the house j and ^he first thing to be done was to get the dead man and all his belongings out of it. (to be cpirarNtrEn, 