BY OL&O;\TPWEIV. \- SOENE.-A Convent~Jby'ifheJ3ea. FRANCES. R~-. COME back to you Sister Serapliine, Back to these quiet rooms, these holy walls; 1 place my hands your gentle hands between, Here at your feet my bitter sorrow falls ; So manytdays Ifsat liero as a child To listen and to learn, so many years Until I came to go into the wild For such the world ia where I weep sad tears; Here I was happy, there I am perplexed ; Here was the shade, but there the burning son; A voice 'said 'Learn,' 'I love thee' was its ?? text; And now, alas I tl)e lesson is all done. SISTEB SBEAPniirajV:-.. * l . I . .." ?? .. , . And wherefore done ? What grief seeks liere ? a balm 2 . x Sp&ak; 'low^ through me God listens and . be calm.', ; y ^ ? ' ' FltANCEH. I loved him well, but lie is gone from mo; I gave him back liia ring and I would give Him book.his kisses if such thing could ue ; We walk apart while he and 1 may live He stood so proud, so stronir, »o quiet there When I reproached liiin for his faithlessness ; I bade hitn go and kiss her golden hair And leave me not the sliume of his caress ;; They told mo ho was falp . to all his vows. , . That love of me had fled to hor sweet face - . He who had kissed me on the lips and brows And swore I made heaven in my. place. ; - . 1 SlSTKR SkRAPHINE. And you believed him false ? - FBANOK3. I.cannot tell : I'lio thought wus bittei-I spake angrily, < But all the time I loved him, ah I . so well Could he not swear unto his loyalty? He only said 'Do you believe it then ?' 'Was* not all plain? [ cried, 'I do believe ;' 'What worth to Question further ?'.once again Ho said, we parted, at yoiirfeet I'grieve ; . .This place is holy, else I could arise ???. ? And curse them as Ciod cursed in l'aradise. SISTER SKRAVHINE. : . . Listen ivy child. I have a tale to tell, A tale that wakens froin a buried past; . No sadder ever heard the sad sea- ahell ? That murmurs to the sands wlierci it is cast; Doom-deep of lives that lie beneath the foam, It sings to beat of God's great metronome Of quiet dead it tolls unquiet things,' Of secrets buried from all human eyes, Of life9 last struggles, of the souls of kings, Of peasant's faith and children's lullabies. Of messages that never reached their bourne, Of those that left untimely -hearts that mourn. And here from out that other life of mine I take a shell''and lud it sing to thee ; . Mark how the tale it tells,is like to thine!.' As yonder ships are on the quiet sea ; For thy sake whom t love 1 read again; ' 1 My so long voiceless sorrow arid my pain. I, who am old with silver in my hair, A sister in this convent by the sea, Was once.as fair us any who are fair And loved the world and loved the sun to see; I laughed the days away in hope and pride, There was no cloud upon my happy brow ; . I am the ghost of that bright self that (lied And life is graver to my vision now ; . Love came to crown me, love with Donald came He was so brave, the bravest of them all, Fresh-faced, large-limbed, with strength no man could tame, And Voice c!car-fashioned as a battle-call. It seemed at first that Christ had blessed our: love, . ^ All was so sweet so full of warmth and light; I did not know a cloud conM hang above, I could not think that love might know a nielit. We wandered by that river in the west AVhich flows sometimes through parched "and weary plains; ' . . Where e'en the song-birds fall from out their ' . nest Before men's eye's death-smitten when Drought reigns. When love began the plains were full of ' ' floVers. " . - The river was o'er arched by living green ; . Wo made a hundred pluces our lore bowers, . God's angels guarded und \vu walked: bet ween ; Thus child it F.eemed to me so .glad waa I My heart went singing all the sunny day ; ! There'was no sign of what came by- und-bye, And 6 .rned the course of all my hopes away. And so two years had spent of happiness, Of faith in Donald ; like a flaming cross Our love stood out as in a wilderness, Above the shifting sands of human low : The time drew near when I should place my hand ' . In his and say, 'Hence forth for thoUand"! There is one path, one home within the land," One hearth for both till you or I may die.' What wonder that as in a dream I walked ? What marvel that I did not stop to hear The tales they told of Death that silent stal ked .Upon the plains where no rain fell that . year? , Selfish was I, I did not see the sheep Dying in thousands by the empty wella ; These things seemed fur off, all I cared to keep ° Close to me was the souud of wedding-bells: There came one tale at last that reached' my ' ears'' ' Liko the round thunder in the deep ravine'; And then there foil a rain of angry tears . Such as ne'er weeps the Sister Seraph ine", _ . Tears'come hot now save when another's pain '.Touches my sight AS thine dear child to-day ; 'But then my nature seemed to. molt in rain Of passion and to bear my love away. . They tolil me that another face than mine Drew, him fro'm me,, one;said.she saw hftn kiss ^ - 'Her hand and after pledge hdr in liis wine I listened as unto a serpent'H hies. Ho had not come to me for many, days. The stock he wrote weio dying and he stayed To do a thousand-duties.-but always He held mo dearly who his great joy mude. Once he ha-l mentioned her,-' a' friend he said Of his dead brother, one his mother kept In d^ar esteem, tliey called-her Winifrol And she pri/.fid them because of hiln that slept. Now thoir words Imrned my heart like iron bars. Was it for her lie stayod ?-Nay child bo still, Listen, the grave speak* but UDOVO are stars Thatshine inta tho depths of human will; Weep^&'dbestill-wai.i^ for her be stayed? ? E'en asXaskud it there he rode between \- The sandal troes where we our bowers made, Ayiiere we had walked love's shining hosts between ; A moment thon before me straight he came With words of pleasure, in his eyes the light Of-love for her ? I would not speak liis i name, , " I called him traitor, and his lips grew white'. 'A traitor, Helen, (hut is scarce the word That should be used 'tween supb'as we,' he said; T I told him then the tale thati had beard ° With much mad thought that came into my head; ' I would not listen when he tried to speak, ' His sad face only made me angrier, Mine was a spirit that was never meek In those days, and I said 'Go then to her,' Give hor the heart caught in the quick v rebound, Lay at her feet what I am glad to lose ' I did not care how deep I made the wound. Consent he could not, ne could not refuse, For, there I left him, I but heard the word ' Helen' twice spoken, then I saw him ride Into the gleaming evening, and a bird, Omen of ill, fell at my feet and died ; Then my hearted melted and I kissed the .' wings That death had broken, for that moment I Had seen my song-bird Lovft that sits and sings [ In its soft nest o'er trae hearts, faint and die. . ;, And in. the burning watches of that night Repentance grew ; I wished him in my sight. ,Thc morning came ; a sun of molten red . Bose over dying (locks.and hopeless men ; i Now with mine own great sorrow, on my ' .. head. I camo to feel for others' griefs again : < A day of doom it seemed, there was no wind To stir, the ashen pall upon the tree ; It was a day when one would ilook behind To count one's ainB and tell one'a rosarV ; All ^nature seemed upon the outer brink ' Of circumstance in close " commerce with Death ; ... . The: gaping land from Heaven had nought'to drink, * ' r. - ' And . all life drew but harsh and;labore^,?£ breath; A,t hist the sun its,zenith reached, and then The shadows fell to eastward, and my heart'1 Went with the sun-would Donald' come again ? , I seemed to hear the dead bird.sing, 'Apart 1' T drove him from me, called him a traitor, set Him lower than the meanest of mankind ; .1 knew I honored, prayed for, loved him yet, And held no thought of doubt within my mind; I had been mad, mad with my jealous fears, Mad as all women are sometimes ; I longed To weep upon bis breast repentant.tears, And make atonement where I knew I wronged. Who had not felt the anguished soul declare Against the ?walls that gird existence round ? Who has not tried to find a higher air, And reach beyond all human sight and sound ? To leave the stifling duties of each day. And let the being swell to Nature's whole ; To strike the bands of circumstance awav, And watch the spirit's currents seek their pole ? So I in my deep sorrow loncred to be Afar from all things ; ere the evening tide, When still the heat rose like a heaving sea" From off the ground, my horse was brought to ride; ' Folly' they said,' to ride in such a sun, Wait for some cooler hour, besides but now Word had come from the North that floods begun Tybuld reach us soon-what floods meant I should know.' Nor flood nor sun I thought on. and I said 'Good friends, enough, I shall ride,-' and I set - , My face towards the North, and let thought spread To all I would remember and forget:, '?-Hour upon hour I rode, I did not heed Time pass, Life seemed to waver to and fro; Now it was strong, now like a broken reed, Now searching for a pathway in the'snow,; Strange thought that in this" angry, burning land The inward eye should sweep an. icy plain I seemed to stand with Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way into the world again ; \ . _ I cried aloud, ' O Love, where shall we go ?' My answer wns a rolling thunder tone-,. No dream was this for clouds had gathered slow Far up the sky while I had mused alone !. The air was heavy as the hand of Sin ; - My poor horse trembled in his .weakness. X..1 Had ridden far, too far, my breath within ; Was quivering like the tumult in the sky ; I scanned the plains-a shepherd's hut not; far Upon the river banks would shelter give ; .. Until the morning, whileithe skies at war, Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve;- , ... Rain was a word too blest now e'en to say Without a sign, and so I bent frail knees Upon the threshold of the hut to pray ? : As would one of'misfortune's refuges,. - . Upon a rnde coueh then I laid mo down, And waited for the awful storm to break; The whole horizon was one sratherad frown, And I could hear the battle legions shake : Their weapons in the sky to lightning gleam, But still the rain fell not and darker grew1 The dustrswept plains; my senses duller'grew, And ere'I knew my eyes closed to a dream ; Av. even while the storm hung on the edge Of the steep world my eyelids closed in sleep ; I was so weary-as if Lethe's sedge Were there my resting place, my donjon-^ keep. ' ~ , ' I dreamed of'Donald, dreamed he came again ., And stood beside me, but when I would" touch' " " His hand he showed me on it a red stain, ' Andsafd, 'LoT;l have loved thee, dear, too much; ? ' Of spirit voices all the ohao9 through ; 'Lost, lost,' they cried amid the tempest's roar; One with his voice said o'er and o'er my name; ?" * A thousand seemed to cry, 'No more, no more!' And all their accents were of bitter blame. At last, at last' the morning broke, and then The atorm ceased and the fighting world grew calm; . The sun shone out o'er all my pain again My pain tjiat never more should know a balm. Slowly the waters.climbed about my feet. And myriad thoughts arose of dread and death, The outer bounds of being seemed to meet And cv«sk my spirit to its latest breath ; I laughed a little in my ngony, . The sun laughed back in very wantonness ; I cried, Come, Donald, conic! I give to thee My last kiss ero I leave life's wretchedness !' . I heard' the wild-duck rushing down the sky, :A pelican sat still upon a limb . m And gazed all day to see me faint and die, \Vhilo I prayed to my God and thought of Arm. I did not heed the passing of the hours All things seemed timalqss,. but I saw the. sun Creep to its rest, and then X said, 'Love's r.; bovvers, Donald, are dark, and life and love are done .Then X grew still, how long I cannot tell, I waked to hear a voice across the wave .. \- Calling my name-that voice I knew so well, That 'I should hear though laying in my grave : ' Donald ! ah, love !'-I thought his spirit came To pass with mine behind the sunset bars,, And,we should be the same-ah, just the same . In the lovefgardens closer to the stars: Nearer the voice came, then I saw his form.; It was no spirit, 'God be thanked !' I'cried ; hHis.bpst moved slowly, as a ship.ill scotm Breasts the mad wind and struggles with the . ;; ' ; tide. : . > "At last.beside me drew the boat,' ana I A Fell forward' to his arms with one glad word ; He .kissed me, saying, 'Love, for thee 1 'die,' Arid then he fell as fell the stricken bird.'' ' Blood! there was blood"upon him-^on his hand., .. " ' " I That in my dream I saw held out to me ,! , His neck was thrust as by a broken brand, His body was bathed in a scarlet sea ; : 4 . I lifted up'his head, I kissed him there, ." I prayed for one word ere he passed away ; His dear eyes opened to my anguished prayer,. And then he said, 'I loved you dear alway, There was none other-it was all untrue, They wronged me, but I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch that pisreed me seals it too For ever-kiss ma dearest ere X go ;' And so he died j.and all that day his,head I held and smoothed his hair upon his brows ; I could not come to think that he was dead, ' . I'.told him o'er again my loving vows; AVe drifted 0:1, silent through silent apace, ' Likp spirits floating on an ether sea ; They found us in the morning face to face And took>me from him who had died fori me. . No need to tell how death fell on him,', how With a bold swimmer's strokes he. fought' the tide ' We inaet'no more, upon "tbe earth no more; Parshall behold'thee','-then he passed Into the sunset, and I heard thedoor.1 . Of Life clpso sharply on my hopes at. last! ' I cried out in niy helpless agony," : , . ' " '.Donald,. O Love, come back !' L only kncw ? A.rush ot waters as a mighty sea' .''"v.. S.wirled round me and-ah 1 God' but it' was true 1 ' I walked to find the hut a swaying wreck; v. To know that now the river was aflobd,' And &11 the plains wavo-washed as is a deck By some vast sea, that no ship has withstood]: And I had slept'vrhile all the laud was swopt With writhing elements-Ah I could I find My horse? Nay, he had better vigil kept, And had fled down the pathway of the wind ; What need to tell of how the current drove . Tbo mass to which I clung against a tree, And finding refuge in its arms 1 strove To hold my soul in strength for what might be. Ah ! that long night when >vind:;and- rain " blew round . '' The darkened world, and,my soul drifted to* From pole to pole, while I could hear ih«; ; ' sound / To reach the boat that is his coffin now How the branch pierced him-close, child, to ? my'side 1 : Let me drop one tear on that ancientgrief, 11 is is all right, perhaps, God knows the best; .'Tis that alone that gaverny heart relief; .. I keep'my place here, and he keeps his rest. I left the world, I built this convent home, '?" ; .Here I'have lived through thirty changeless 1 ? years; , - Here, as one watches a swift sen in foam, So wntch" I all poor human strifes and fears ; ' Speak ta mo, child, is then thy lesson done, Is love to be to thee a setting sun ?. FRANCES. ;.I am grown wiser, Sister Seraphine, ^ To-day I shall send for him and shall make .Pardon my plea. ? .. .. SISTER SERAPHINE* \- ' , -Now.-Heaven is good ; betweon Me and that life the new life's folds I shake; > They shall not stir again, none.other be - So near the dead self that'your sweet eyes see. . 