Bowser Seeks Aldermanlc Honours. '? Well, what do you think ?" queried Mr. Bowser, as he looked up at me across the supper table one evening. "You-you haven't been and bought another horse, Mr. Bowser ?" " Horse ! Can't you think of anything but horse ? I suppose you'll throw that horse up to me to yourdyine day ?" " I'm so glad you have decided not to buy another. Is it some chickens, or a new fire escape, or another doa to eat us up ?" He turned pale and refused to say another word for two hours. Then he could hold himself no longer, and he suddenly observed : "I suppose you will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Alderman Bowser." " What do you mean?" " Just what I say. You are soon to be known as Mrs. Alderman Bowser." " Are you going to run for office ?" "lam. It was all settled this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this ward." " Mr. Bowser, ÍB it possible that you are going to let them lead you into any such fool- ishness ? I thought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all your mis- takes." " My mistakes !" he shouted. " I never made one in my life, except when I married you ! Level head ! I'd like to see some one who carries a more level head than I do !" " And so you are going to be alderman ?" " If I live." "But what for?" " Because it is the wish of the people. My country calls. The committee have canvassed the ward and concluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show against the vicious oppo- sition. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot must be ready to sacrifice." " I'm so sorry !" " So sorry ! For what ! Because I have been selected above all others ! Because honours have been thrust upon me ! Mrs. Bowser, you have never appreciated tbeman you married, and you probably never will." " Well, I,shan!í¡ say-any more. I think it is a put-up job to get money out of you, and I,know what a gang will be running here after you. It's your own affair, however. Don't blame me if you get left." " There you go! Always opposed to me! I can plainly see why some men never get along. If I had a wife like some I know of I'd have been Governor of the State long ago. I'm going to run, however, and after I'm | elected you'll probably be just mean enough to say you brought it about." I didn't Bay any more. As soon as he left the house next morning I prepared for visi- tors, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly out of sight before the hell rang, and 1 opened the door to find a dirty-looking fellow, with his hat on his ear, who asked : " Ia Bowser home ?" " No, sir." " Gets out pretty early, doesn't he ? Leave any money for me ?" " No, sir." " He didn't, oh ? Purty specimen of a candidate he is ! Expects us to do all the figurin' for nuthin', does he ?" "Who are you, sir ?" " Who are 1 ?" he repeated, as he slanted his hat a little more and spat over his shoulder. "I'm the party as corrieB this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if Old Bowse don't cum down liberally he gets^left. Tell him to come and see me." Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find a ward heeler or some other sort of political parasite on the doorstep. One of them even went so far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to run one of the City Hall elevators. There were three others waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I saw him give them money. He came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred hu replied : " Let the dear people come ! They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure OB the sun rises on the day. What do you think ? I was talking to a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Bowser stock js way up, hey ?" Eor a week I lived in a state of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a word heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ringing, it was some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on three nights Mr. Bowser had to " go the rounds" of the ward and " see the boys." On the last night I had to help him up stairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whis- pered "Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to see how e'r people love me. They cry f'r me, and-and I cry f'r ahern !" This went on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate. Mr. Bowser said he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer afterward, he would have to be on hand. As soon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didn't say much, but I felt prettv sure how it would come out. Along about nine o clock he came nome. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white. " What on earth is the matter now ?" I asked as he banged into the hall. " G-gone !" he gasped. "How gone P" _" Gone up." " Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. Ton act as if you had met a ghost and loBt ' your senses." . . «< j_x didn't get the nom-nomination t he whispered, HB knees quaking BO that he had to sit down on a chair. " Why didn't you ?" " Because they concluded that Mr. Scott was the more popular and the stronger man." ( " What ! That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whipping his ¡ wife ?" " Y-yes." We looked at each other for a long time without speaking. Then I said : " I thought the dear people loved you, Mr. Bowser." " Yes." " You were to be selected above all others and honours thrust upon you." " Yes." " Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. You were the patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself." " Yes." " How much has this experience cost you?" "Eour hundred." " Well, you have made a fool of yourself, and I hope it will be a lesson to you. You'd better go to bed." " I-I guess I will !" At midnight he woke up, sat up in bed and exclaimed : " Look here, old lady, I hope you feel better, having accomplished your villainous object !" " What do you mean ?" " I mean that you defeated me in the cau- cus. Everybody knows you, and this oppor- tunity for revenge could not be passed over. Mrs. Bowser, you have gone a Btep too far ! To-morrow I shall consult a lawyer about divorce proceedings !" . ,". . - fegjggS :*'''.? " Go to sleep." " V~3^$SÄ^ " Yes, I'll go to sleep, but don't imagine I shall forget or overlook your bsBe duplioity. I have borne and borne, but this is the end !" Next morning, however, he made no refer- ence to the matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been withdrawn in the interests of harmony he came home one day to observe : " I hear that my name ia being mentioned for mayor, but I »han't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, humble citizen." 