THE DAY OF REST. THE DOCTRINE OF THE TRINITY. A Sermon bj the Rev. Principal SlHON, D.D. 'The doctrine of the Trinity is end always ***» been held,-implicitly or explicitly, by the Chris tian Church. What does it mean! What,the Church means by it, so far as I can understand. is that the one <5od is constituted by three per sonal principles or persons, which the New Testa ment designates severally Father, Son, and. Holy Spirit. B&htly; viewed, the doctrine teaches not that the Father is ^the Bon God, the Holy Spirit God, each in the pull, and er&ct; sense; bnt that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost together are. or constitute, God. Neither !s in the full sense Goa apart from the others. TheTTather is divine, theSon *!,„ XT.,.. ntinn. JMitn . l.». _ divine, the Holy Ghost divine; bnt, meaning ' " Father nor with technical exactness, neither the the Son nor the Holy Ghost, regarded alone and separately, should be spoken of. as God... The three are one; the three constitute the one God. .The Church has'always been exposed to a twofold danger—the danger, namely, on the one hand, of setting up three Gods by emphasizing the distinc tions: and that on the other of sacrificing the real divinity and personality of the Son and Holy Spirit by emphasizing the unity. Hence the need of both statements—that the one is constituted :by the three, and that the three -constitute one. My next question is—Why hat the Church held Out doctrine— a doctrine so mysterious, apparently so self-contra dictory, and seemingly so unpractical} • Why shpnld the Church hold it ? With some of . the reaaons you are all probably well acquainted, or ought to he; they lie on the very surface of the Bible, especially of {he New Testament. The way in whicn it speaks of the father and the position it assigns to: the Son and to the Holy -Ghost are so pecufiar.that as sooh as the first Christians began to aik, questions theChurch "wasdrfvento the conclusion that, as they could not be three Gods, the three must heeds be so related to each otheras to constitute on® God: and this is the experienfce of -Christians dtill. - I do not intend to recall these grounds to your minds; it would occnpy far too much tune. I want rather to direct your thoughts to one of two reasons' for believing in the Trinity that, do "not lie so plainly on the surface. '' ' ■ ■ ■ ■' We find in the Scriptures certain terms used to" describe God, which all who believe in God at all agree in accepting. As to them there is no diffe-. rence between Trinitarians and anti-Trinitarians. Now some of these very terms, carefully analyzed, seem to me to point very markedly in the direction ofaTrinity. The Trinity at all events makes.tbem properly intelligible. The references I mean are those to God as "the firing God," as " Light,"as " Love," as " Holy," as " Blessed." -God is the living God, God is light, God is love, God is holy, God is blessed. No one who is a theist at all qnes ' tions these descriptions. When I am asked, Why should the Churcn—why should we—hold the doc trine of Trinity? I reply not only because of what is expressly said abont the Father, the Son, and the ' Holy Ghost, but also because God could not be in \- any intelligible sense—intelligible, that is, to the ; human mind — living, light, love, holy, blessed, 1 unless, though otic, ne were also plural; and if j plural, why not the Biblical three ! Before, however, we go on to examine together | the first three of these terms — tiro" will not permit the examination of tbem all — I should like to refer for a moment to a question which may suggest itself to some of yon—the question, namely — What right have we to reason from ourselves to God? What right have we to expect God to. be intelligible to our human minds? 1 will only give two Biblical reasons—the first is, that man is created in the image and likeness of God. If that he true, it is both natural and necessary that we should think that what is trae of ourselves is trae, in its very essence, of God. We count God like man because God made man like himself. Surely not bad reasoning that. Theseumd ia what Paul tells us in the Epistle to the Bomans—"The invisible tilings of God, since the creation of the world, are clearly seen, being perceived through the things that are made." Surely, then, it cannot be wrong to rise from the seen to the nnseen, to judge about the inner constitution of God by the consti tution of the world which He has made. These are Bible reasons. There are other reasons—moral, religious, philosophical; but into those I cannot enter. Now let us tiy to find out what there is in the words living; light, love, as applied to God, which justifies tine Church—nay, indeed, I would say, in conjunction with other things, requires the Church to hold the doctrine of plurality in nnity, yea of the Trinity in unity. Take, then, first:— The term living. In numerous passages, both of the Old and New Testament, God is designated "the living God." Christ speaks of "the living Father" (John vi. 57), and defines bis nature by saying that" He has life in Himself' (v. 26). Paul also ascribes inherent life to God in usingof Him the negative word "immortality," "who alone hath immortality," i.e., deathlessness. Thus then "God is living," " hath life in Himself," and His life is inextinguishable. Let us examine this attribute of God in the light of nature, which, as we said, is the reflection and revelation of its Maker. We know of no life where there is not organization of some kind or other. We speak of fife abstractly, indeed, as though it were a separate entity or some thing, but in reality there are only living beings— there is no life apart from that which lives. Now, wherever, there is life there is organization. Even a living cell is organized. Stiff more are living creatures from the lowest to the highest organized. But now remember what organization involves. It involves, first, that several elements are combined so as to form a whole. There is plurality in unity; unity constituted by plurality. In an organization the several elements move and act as though they were bnt one. Again, the elements are also diverse, though, of course, in some sense akin Vou never find a living thing, not even a cell, that consists of merely one kind of matter. At all events, natural science has not yet been able to show that the different chemical elements are really one and the same. Thus we have plurality and variety consti tuting unity. These are two primary and charac teristic features of organized, {.&, of living beings. May we apply this to God? I would do so only with theprofoundest reverence,andyetlwonlddoso. Doing so, we Bhall have to maintain that because He is the living one, the pre-eminently living one, there fore He must be constitntedbyaplnralityand variety of constituents or factors, which, whilst distinct from, are akin to each other. God is not the absolutely simple unity of which some speak. The onlv really simple unity that we know of is an atom of a mathe matical point, but God is, as the New Testament describes him, " Fullness"—fullness of life, energy, powers. The question, of course, still remains— What is the nature of the factors which constitute the divine unity? Are they personal, as the Church holds? Or'are they impersonal? Some, perhaps many among ua—good and true men—take the latter view. At the point at which we have nowarrived little can perhaps be said either way; but I think we snail gain light by our consideration of the other descrip tions to which I referred. Meanwhiieiti must surely be clear that the common objection—how can three be one? in that form of it—is a very shallow affair. H. God is further designated Light. John says in his First Epistle (i. 5)—" God is light, and in Him is no darkness at all." Light is frequently used in Scrip ture to denote not merely the natural phenomenon, bnt intelligence, -purity, blessedness, or joy. Whether John referred chiefly to intelligence or purity we need not stay to enquire: I think he em braced both in his view. Naturally enough, too; for he who is morally impure is to that extent in important respects—perhaps in the deepest respects—intellectually dark. He is neither light to himself nor light to others. Bnt Qod is intelli gence—God knows; indeed we describe him as all knowing. Nay more,"God is intelligent in and by and of Himself. He was intelligence or light from all eternity, when as yet He alone existed. No Christian believer or thinker supposes that God at some immensely remote age, for, far back, became: intelligent, not having before been so. This we may take for granted. Let us now try to see what this implies. All actual intelligence, that is, all actual-real knowing and thinking, however alight it -may be, implies an object or objects. Where there is think ing, there is something thought; knowing, some thing known. We, at all events we men, cannot think nothing—cannot actually know and know nothing. Was this so with the divine intelligence ?, In other words, is it a necessity of intelligence as such? Ton know, we are obliged to reason from ourselves to God. If so, what was the object of the divine intelligence in eternity? Not the universe such as we know it, for God created it, and its crea tion required intelligence. Not ideas, t.e., the ideas of the divine mind; for there could nave been no ideas without a corresponding intelligence. A 1 thinker may produce ideas; ideas do not make the j thinker. Was it, then, some cosmic mist or primi tive, universally diffused, formless matter ? so far I ob one can tee there would have been nothing in it, even if it had existed, either to evoke or occupy in telligence. We are here face to face with a great problem, ' What is" its key ? But there "is another aspect of the divine intelligence to be considered As "light,"God is perfect intelligence perfectly light to Himself—selGtnuimarent—there is no dark ness in Him In Che sense in which light is applied to a personal being He wonld not be light unless He perfectly knew himself.' This is the highest form of knowledge. Indeed, there Is no complete and full intelligence in-the sense to which I waa just refer ring, until the bunking self isi included within its ~ * i intelligence knows/and knows j is Belt-lighted. Speaking roughly, now some'thihge better than we men; but they never know that they know, they never know themselves, they ere dark to themselves; and therefore their intelligence is of a lower kind than onrs. But even> our self-knowing is very limited. The greater part of ourselves is hidden in well nigh impenetrable darkness. ■ - - The.queStioh here. arises—Whence this self knowledge! . How does the .self in man come to be an object of knowing to the self? I believe that this can happen only through another Bell Were a human berng ftom the very first "moment of its life merely juwtrteft with and influenced solely by nature, by that which is impersonal, non-personal, he would never become a real self; be would never say, " I"—he would never think or speak about himself. It is .the mother-self that, evokes the self of the .baby;, not Ito playthings'or anything else it' touches, or "Bees, Or tastes. If thesethings be trae, they may suggest a partial answer to the question wMch webefore left unanswered—namely, what was the abject of the divine intelligence when God was alone the solitudes of eternity, when as yet there wasnoiworld, no man, no angel J - ' Re member the principle—no intelligence without an Object; ahdthefdrtferpitoMptSself-iifteTllgenoe! that is, no perfect intelligence vyithout a self to evoke it If f the Tatter "principle as well as the former is applicable to God—What! was the self through which God was perfect light, perfect in telligence? Ferhani this, t6o,:was at the samethnO the object without Which He could not have been intelligence at alL- What then was this'other self,, this personal other, distinct from God, and through, which God was light? ' Where there other Gods, as the polytheists have believed? -Or, shall ;we 1 say with the Church of Christ, that thpre wereppraonai distinctions in .the Godhead: that .God .was Con stituted by three personal pnnciples whose mutual interactiomwasthe ground aud source of the perfect divine 'intelligence which the Scriptures designate " light?" I em far from thinHng that thefalth of the Church removes all difficulty; bu tit does seem, to me to help us to some extent. We can under stand how a God thus constituted should beahlw really to know and think, even without a. world or other creature; whereas apart from it we come to a complete atop, and have to confess ourselves simply puzzled and baffled by an insoluble riddle, HL "God is love." The love of God is fre quently spoken of in the New Testament, but John alone tells us that "God ie love," as though he wished to press on us the thought that to love is so essential to God that without". , it he were not God, chat to deprive Him of love were to ungod Him. "Love is of God, and. every one that loveth is born of. God and knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is Love." " He that dwelleth in love dwellethiin God,. and God in him." These are amazing words. They open up glimpses into the region where mystic souls - love to wander—wander, and even lose themselves j lose themselves with that losing which is the truest i finding. He who has never trodden that region has ■ not yet tasted of the full sweetness of divine know : ledge. One thing, however, js clear—that God is. ; Tove in and of Himself; eternsilly love—actual love. ■ Love and God are inseparable; nay, one. Now let us enquire what this signifies, what it invoices. We - must sgain judge love in God by love in man,and if,. < as John teaches us, .to know love is to know God, , we have a right to do so. Love, so far as men know . it, is impossible unless there is an object, as well as: a subject of love—a beloved as well as a lover—the onedistinct from the other. We speak, it is true, of eelf-love, but unless the self which we love and for whose sake we act ie a sort of ideal self, whose realization is felt to be a duty imposed either by God or some other power not ourselves, such love is. really nothing but refined selfishness. True love is. always a going forth nut of self, although it is-, without doubt always to the ultimate advantage of the self. Nay, more, this going forth is a giving of self—it is self-bestowal, self-devotion—not neces; eerily self-sacrifice; indeed not at all self-sacrifice,. . if we understand love properly. The giving; of self may possibly involve the sacrifice of somethingtwhicli; the self possesses, whether property or feelings,.but. this is for the interest of the real self, even' as Christ said " He that loseth his life shall save it." The gifts a man gives are only valuable to a right minded man so far as they signify the.gift of the man's self; other gifts insult and pauperize instead of delighting and enriching our life. But the giving of self is Impossible where there is not a self to receive. The object of love must be one capable of understanding and reciprocating love— at its highest, one like ourselves, in fall intellectual and moral sympathy with ourselves. You will plead in objection, perhaps, that human beings, are con stantly found bestowing affection on other objects than men like themselvesr-ay., on dogs, cats, horses, and other even less exalted creatures. I reply that these creatures, if regarded with love at all, are supposed to reciprocate love, and to have a special understanding of those who love them—that, in a. word, there is more or less complete though perhaps. unconscious personification; besides, the word is no donbt often veiy loosely used. The state, of mind of the people in question is rather a hankering or yearning after love, than true genuine love. Until the soul has destroyed its power of loving it yearns, and must yearn in its deepest depths, to give itself; and until U finds a. self to which the gift can be offered and by which it can be received it is troubled by the unrest which all unsatisfied yearnings inflict. The loving eye is sends out its feelers, and theycan never cling till they cling round a heart that loves. The. loving self must have a self that loves. If we apply these considerations to God what da they suggest? Or, rather, if that which ia true of" humsnlove is true also of divine love, what follows regarding the divine nature? "What was the object. of divine love? "What was the other self which was necessary to the existence of love during the endless ages of the past eternity? We are apt 1 think, vaguely to imagine that the sole objects of the love of God have been His own creatures. Bat, apart from the consideration that creation.iteelf is rooted in divine love, where was divine love "before creation. began? Did God. begin to be Jove when He began to, create? • Either, .then, God must have loved, himself—which would make him the archetype of selfishness ipther than the archetype of lore, and less than divine, for " The loving worm within its clod Were diviner than a loveless God;" or He must have loved His eternal thoughts, which. is also opposed to the idea of-love; or there must have been other self-existent eternal personal beings like Himself, as polytheism has dreamt; or we must suppose God condemned to the torture of eternally yearning to find and never being able to find an object which could receive and reciprocate. His heart's outgoings; for, as even a heathen poet Thw said— " A mighty pain to love it is, And ™ a pain that pain to miss, But of all pains the greatest pain It is to love, and love in vain." or we muat fall back on the Church's doctrine that. God is constituted by a plurality of personal sub sistences. What a welcome light is at once thrown on the question whose answer we are seeking when we read in the New Testament of the Eternal Father, of His only begotten and well-beloved Son, who was eternally with the Father, and of the Holy Ghost—one alike with Father and with Soul .Whatever other difficulties may be involved, we are thus enabled to nnderatand 1 how, before all worlds far, far back in the never beglnnirig eternity, it Could be love of God, though He was alone, the one true living God, that to "the .deepest and .grandest sense He was. Love. Had conclusion. Neither trae holiness, which is the essential morality of God, nor true blessedness, as man conceives them, could exist apart from per sonal relationships. But I must content myself with the very brief and scanty hints which I have laid before you. Even if they should fail to con. vince doubters of the existence of the Trinity; even if they should fail to convince believers that the Trinity is not the utterly dark mystery which many think it to he; yet 1 trust that at all events I may Lave done something to stimulate .to independent ■ enquiry and to stir np ^ interest in this aublimest and richest of all the rich and sub lime doctrines of our holy faith. Before closing I should like to add a word or two touching the relation in which this doctrine stands to onr personal salvation. Is it true that, as the Athanasian creed says, unless a man do "keep this faith whole and. undefiled without doubt he shall perish ever lastingly)" My answer to that question is con tained in Christ's own words, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation;" "I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never hunger, and he that believeth on mo shall never thirst. '■ Our blessed Lord and Beedemer lives, .and is. present non though invisible, and invites all -to come to Him for rest and joy and life. Do you think it possible—can the most, rabidly dogmatic theologian think it possible—that whenJa poor helpless wretched sinner comes to Him erjiqg for mercy and deliverance . He will begin to examine urn as to his views of these great mys teries? Will He say," Dost thou understand the doc trine of the Trinity? Dost thou understand the doc trine of the Incarnation? Dost thon understand the doctrine of the Atonement?' and so on. Neveh. never. He will not even ask "D.ost than under stand who and what I am?' Hot He. He will simply take him by the hand and say " Look at me: look at my pierced hands and feet andside; look tit my tear and blood stained face; look into my eyes and say, Art thon able to tropt me, and art thon ready to be loyal to me?" And even if the' poor sinner is only just able to stammer'out "Lord, jl believe: help thou mine unbelief," the Son of God will answer, "Be it unto thee according to thy faith." The one condition of personal salvation (s loyal willingness to be saved. " All the fitness He requireth Is to feel your need of Him." All this I firmly believe; and yet I am also folly convinced that the more profoundly we reflect on our Christian experience the more clearly shall we see that its various aspects point towards the Father who loves, thb Son who is gracious, and the Holy Spirit whose indwelling fellowship is our safety and cur joy; the more distinct will become to ns in nature, in history, and especially in the.Scrip tnres' the traces of the blessed and gloriouB Three' in One. Hay, more, I am also firmly convinced that ; still worse denies, the great mystery of theftfnity will also eventually lose its personal hold on the Lord Jesus Christ as a Saviour, and cease to be a witness for Him except perhaps in such a vague and lifeless way that neither sinners will he saved nor believers .be edified. Spelt.a Church will be-' eome what an old preacher describes, as la milestone, all gray and moss-covered, on the high way to heaven, bat which way it points no one can 