All Ocean Tragedy, CHAPTER XIX.—continued. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. BY W. CLARK KUSSELL. 1 LED her to the starboard quarter, where I had stood with Crimp, and repeated the ' story. The darkness gave my recital of the lucident the complexion it wanted ; a tremor passed through her hand into my ann. It was enough to make a yeiy nightmare •••of., the gloom, warm as it was with the dew-laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm as shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas of the night. Ten minutes passed : I then discerned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn Coming aft. My cousin s deep breathing Was audible when lie was still at a distance.: "Well, what news? I called cheerily. "Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It is true. I have heard it,' " Ha !" said I, turning upon Finn. •' By all that is blue, then, Mr.. Monson, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, " there is somewhat a-talking below." " What does it say ?" asked Miss Jennings, showing herself all on a sudden thoroughly frightened. " What I heard,' said Wilfrid m his most raven note, -'was this, ' The yacht is cursed. SwiJ her home ! -.- Sail he home!'" " 'Twas as plain, Mi.' Monson, as his honour's own voice,' said Finn, .in a profoundly despondent way. • "D'ye think, Finn," said I, " that it is a trick played off upon the crew by some; skylarking son of a gun. forward 1" His head wagged against the stars.: " 4; wish I could believe .it, ; sir. The woice was underfoot. There's nobody belonging to the ship there: There's no. man nmissing, 'Sides'tain'ta human woice. Kever could ha'-believed it." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished his brow. '' Well," I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, whatever it be, keeps forward—the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds myself twice." It can't "be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing supernatural about it either. What us it ? Shall 1 explore the yacht forward ? Give me a lantern, and 111 overhaul her to my oivn satisfaction anyway." " You may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; "letthe matter rest for to-night. Tomorrow, Finn, you can; rummage the yacht." He started violently : " WJiM can it be though. - ' Are sve veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese ?' He tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utterance seemed to half choke him. • V Well,-- let'us wait for daylight, as you say," cried 1. "I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said-Wilfnd. "Finn, you may tell the steward to give thp men a glass of grog apiece. What can it be f" he; muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the , companion,,; through .; which he vanished It was evident the thing had not yet had tune to work in Jiun. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed; that superstition would soon be active in him, and tliat there was a badmght before him of feverish imaginings and restless wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings .was, until I; conducted her below:, shortly,' after: Wal- ; fnd.had left the deck, where I was able: to observe- lier scared white. face, the bewildered expression-in her eyes and aj diyncss of her cheriy under-lip, that kept -her biting upon t Her maid shared -her berth, and I was mightyj thankful to feel that the sweet creature: had a companion. Indeed, had,'she been alone, one might have wagered she Would not have gone toi bedthatnight. ,.. My . cousm drank freely, but for sail that a; gloom of spirits settled uponfcimsas slowly i and surely as a fog thickens out the atmosphere and darkens down-uponthemew. • He talked n ith heat and excitement of the i strange voice at the first going Blf, but; after a httle he giew morose, -absent-; minded, with symptoms of temper that; mademeextremfely weary,.and I fetehoita breath with a pOBifcive agh of relief,wheal he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely goodnight, and went m long, melodramatic I did my Jjestto SnspiritJyEs 3elmm|*s • b»ti \ fcuLcetsfm llmiybu ill tt 11\ i? jimre ii ilf hound in mv m m uersfigoiuf to oik'tban I wa. conscious of. It neier uoukt come to «iy tclhng h"r more 4Jiau fiiat yr» %gh% "he,|tetg suie, if p,e ooiid only iolw the mybterj of tiio •>oun3c -wliicliUiad iiihtcued all liands. foiWi.id, md.ift, too fu; (iiemiv ser filial, i ef,l0aHbetiedrtiJ ,ash o£ our feivt. a iite «fase of the commoiipUcji of Jie shook Jier3iedd r "Itmight pe as you'so,^ shfesaid, afHllR RhvncrSnnJinm tOjbe* remain unriddled, what shall we think ? I am frightened, 1 own it. I do not believe m spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses; but I cannot forget that you have heard such a voicc as this twice—you who are so—so——' ; " Stupid," said I. "Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But talkuig about the tiling was not going to help her nerves. She went to bed at ten o clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn ,! withdrew to my cabin. I found myself a bit restless: how-, ever, when I came to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch mlyselflistening, and sometimes I fancied I could-hear a faint sound as of a person talking m a low voice. .Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily an my bed. Yet for all that, I would fall a-hstenmg again. It was quiet • weather still, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony , of the glass of the scuttle; with a pause at.intervals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon me as though it were a human eye. Now and again the water went away from the side in a stifled sob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst upon us for the life that would come to the spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surge, and the tempestuous hiss of its dissolving spume. 1 cudgelled my wits for a solution of the voice, but to no purpose. It was ridiculous r to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would not be quickly missed ? And then again I had but to consider,- to understand wliat I had not thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely conceivable thattheirutmost volume of sound -could penetrate through the thick, wellcaulked, plarikmg of the forecastle deck- • • At last I fell asleep. ••••• CHAPTER XX. MTJFTO. IS FUNRSHED. IT was seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on- deck, thinking as I passed through the; cabin: and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine:streaming through porthole andskylight an npplmg silver upon the shining bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the mirrors, • rich carpet and elegant draperies of the: cabin, what a veiy insignificant figure a; night-fear cuts by daylight. .; The wind was north-east, a meny shinag morning with; a wide blue: heaven : full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms.: with the vrambow : lights >; that kindled in their skirts as tiiey sailed past the run. The firm line of the ocean went roundthe skytenantless. The yaehtwas inalung good way, rnnnmg. smootihly over the crispingand ,crackling waters under an any spread ofstuddingsail which trembled a light into the water fax beyond her Bide. Finn was on deck standing aft with 2us -back upon ; the ^companion.; - I - walked leisurely .over to lum wif-h -vitakiy -in the^ very last -recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and : freshness of the long, pure sunlit gushing of the- wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." \ He• turned and touched his cap '' How long is tins delicious weather going to last, 1 wonders Nothing in sight, eh? Bles • us, captain, when are we going to ma the SlmiL m^i Mew V' : - He looked at me with a. curious expression which iis ismile;J:thatjwasialwayfi" in the middle of his face, rendered exceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye -ieac anything like -a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you d turned in?" - • . - < % ' I wa£ f orf ajjeymg," I answered^ " that the atmospherecrawle'dwith indistmgmshable whispera. But I suppose without imagiiiation .; there i;,would .l3a: no lunatic asylums " He Bdid gtdl pres rvmg Ins odd look, The sperrit's discovered, «ir " " Gammdn 4 " I exclaimed : "A 1 SRe've got hold of the woice V lie cried gleefull ^"JJid }-e aver tee a- ghost Mi Monson FU ' JJOOK.' JACJE'S the coti>se^is belonged "to the wreck, and; tfwe'j, the hap^niion as \ifls a cursing of; this yacht last night m the foiejaeak, apd; .yourionour jnay take it imie is the UlviBiSle sliape wliosi. Jiad from off yon quaxteV'hasgiveu.old Jacob llie blues ;" .'r.d J1 the. tiuLe Ih it iio *poke he was -pointing iosthe aore-Tigginffgustsundet,the •! crOLS-trcei. I h d b foic ji'litli fliLced aain*>n up there, but hid gi\cn iuii no hicawliit evp" a < \- T b"ppof"d lum 1o bea^sai'or.it Bui noi\ 1 loo] eil a^auij sludiu / i®l!'^luflin , "l cied with - ga'pof «' toiushment "Bo _ypu mejn to say—'i' \ Snil i uu abh sM-rrtitd ii ilir fjl iruUi and absurUiuj of the thing Jiished upon: •He huns HI Uic tigging ficmgseaMaiils. and there -was *iurn on iur l -of ope round "Ins -arias and legs, indepd%e was as mu"li Lccui-ed-to HIP ihi» udaji if hi had- been a sampie of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and m the shadow of. the bnm of it his face looked of tlie sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the expression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers rolled to above his knees. " What do you think of him as : a spemt, sir ?" cried Finn, with a loud -hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Mufim, who hung as motionless m the slirouds as xf he lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft ? " said I, with something of a pang coming to me out ..of -the sight of him, for- there followed close on. my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked m me like a feeling of pity - . Smce:dawn," answered Finn. • " The: men put lum where he is: I let -em have their way. 1 was afeered they might have used him in an uglier fashion, sir : Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told; fell bloodthirsty. Ye see, ye can't takeaviewof them sailors, especially, such a chap as CutbiH, and think of .'cm as lambs-'' "He must ;be anamazuigly cleyer ventriloquist, though," said I, "Of course)! Alls.as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that- night wo heard the voice. I caught sight -of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue ! lie must have sneaked: with amazing swiftness below. A. consummate actor, indeed! How was he discovered 1" . ".Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake, of -laughter,:" there's a chap- named Harry Blake as occupies the 1 bunk ^ust over lum Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to the thoughtofaghost. Hewasmorefrightened than any other- man forrards, and lay awake; listening. Tune passed all " the watch was snoring saying this here Blake- On a sudden he hears the woice- He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. - Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies under meartalkmg in his sleep ! He drops on to the deck and looksiat Muflui, who presently fell a- talkuig again m Ins: sleep, using tho bidenticai words that Sir Wilfrid hadJieai-d, and the--tone -o' woice was the same; sort o' muffled and dun-hke ; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, seeing, of course: that the hartist was unconscious On this Blake sings out, kicks- up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick .of Muffin's- • Mufim being half dazed and terrified by tlie sailors crowding;round Ins berth, threaten- : ang of him. confesses, and says that he didf.it with 'thenotion of ternfyuig'Sir •Wilfrid into returning home as IUB -life iad growed a burden Tlie men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when daybreak come in their seizing hirn up aloft as ye see theie, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid •as to the . .sort of -punishment Hie chap merits " ""What shall you propose, Captain sFmn?" said X, with-a glance at the wound figure, whose motionlessness maae hun seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, i"as not a htfle appealing "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall re commend his honour to leave it to the men." ".BiJLM'e may hang him? " "So , 111 see they-stopshort of that But. Mr-.-Monson;-sir3 begging your pardon, I'm sure you'll allow with me -that Muffin '11 desarve all he's likely to get •Speaking as master of this wessel, I say; that if he hadn't been found out in good time-it might liave gone blazing hard with %1I of us The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was nest door to sa-rnutiny bemg imder way j: and yet it was the first fame of the woice speaking m the Jiold Imagine it going on foi several nights ! It was "hound to engl m all hands giving up unless we drifted oui Jielm for home, which Sir "Wilfrid would .never have consentedto^: so theie ye'-d have had a-quandaij as bad as if the sailors -liad heen laid low with pison ,orasjf the Bride had tained to and lc \ed. it e\ cij In't end T! cn fiuik of % B anointing Jus iidnour's cabni with Naming letters -all to sarve his own; measly wish toy t«atof aii uiJi-n-aljiig thaUie don't relish. ... Mi ^lonson,; an, i c -v<mts a lC'orii, somethu.gaitii the iriippi'is ^ickli";.' bui'ucos o' nw\ fathers jda^ and soon - ihan th-it he Ehould-mlEs- one^f-ihM-desarte^ to get'feo wmdward -of the soft 'side of his I honour' jiature, 4 '-!^! =damned,^ sad her! •^sJasg^iiB onen hand^witii liia clenched; fist^tftwouldtft lip land tell SufWil 1 M ap/f -thai it «iat ikere Mufim j Svxgte the^sliining words ^bout L his! ^"IfojS^ot -<U» thai, 1 "Wc walit^ai) tfcrago3iCB J board us, JJ'inn, How I SBtS r A,AY CG,JJ„ 1 J L I J^V 'I IT J ter fulng-jiiut foi^rod e salelet there pe^o at the helpless and stiriess figure in. the Tigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events; .was not towards mercy. - It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly .due, I believe, to a secret admirajjon for Iiis remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; and understanding that, the sooner Wilfrid was apprised of this busines the sooner would Muffin be brought down out of the shrouds, 1 stepp-fi below The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door " Is Sir Wilfrid getting up ?" said I " I've just taken hun-hia--hot yattr, sir He isn't out of bed jet He's vSry heavy , had a bad night, Fve been told, sir " I passed on-and knocked. , : '.'•What is it?" cried Wilfrid, in a drowsy MitabJe voice. : - \--, I entered, and said,"Sorry to disturb you, Wiif, but there s news that will interest you." He started up ; " Tlie Shark? "hecried. •••?'• Kb, I answered, 'they ve found out who talked like a ghost last night; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was tliatmade the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt, upright with, eyes and nostrils large with excitement. ' • Who V' . " Mufim," said I. " Mufhn .1 " he shouted ; " what d ye mean. Charles?" "Why, the fellow s a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should say, to deceive us all'so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. -'What was his motive, think you? " he asked presently. " He's pining to get home," I replied ; " he s capable of any tricks to achieve tliatend. The men mean to punish lum, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They ve had him lashed to the ncging aloft since daybreak.-' " The. scoundrel!" he cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, 1 yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his . voice. "1 have to thank liun for a frightful night. What a fool 1 am," he :cned, vehemently striking his forehead, " to sufler myself to be terrified by tlnngs which I ought to know—which I ought to know," lie repeated with passionate emphasis^ •" cannot be as they seem." "Well, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellows punishment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper, I wash my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where I-lay reading till the breakfast bell rang. Miss Jennings was alone in the cabin. She stood with head inclined . over some flowers which stillbloomed m the mould in which they had been brought from England.. -The sunshine of her hair blended -with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on • her. . hands trembled like dewdrops on -the leaves of the plants as she -lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, half adjusting. Her look of . astonishment when I told her that the voice we had heard was a trick of Muffin's was like a view of her • beauty m a new hght; amazement with a sparkle as of laughter behind it -to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little creature clasped her hands with :gratitude that the tlnng should have been discovered "Muffin is quite a rascal," she said, "and so clever as to be a real danger." She could scarcely credit that he had ski ii enough to deceive -the ear as he had: Wilfrid was slow in coming; I could see him through the skylight walking with Finn, gesticulating much, witli a frequent look in the direction where, as-Imight' gather, Master Mufhn still hung.. He kept "Miss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of aii hour, during wluch I ex- plain ed how Muffin, had been discovered, how Wilfrid had gone on deck to arrance a punishment- for lum, and the like- Presently my cousin arrived, and- on catching sight of Miss Jennings, cned;out in Ins most boyish manner,;" Only tlunk, my dear, that our superstitious alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of ; that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, =; haJfccracked: son of a greengrocer Mufhn. 1 never could rhave beheved he had it in him. Eh, Chailes ? Mad of course 1 don't say dangerously so,' but warped, you know; or lsithkely thathe would-practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get home 1 Why, •d'ye know, Charles, Fin» giavely swears that, lad the rascal persisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would lave; been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of- the crew, and sailed home—ending all my hopes " " How is he to bo served i " "Finn proposes "" he answered, " that tlie wen should torm a court—a judge and juiy..^ Their decision, wall be brought aft for our approval If the sentence be a reasonable one, the fellows will be alloft.edto execute it" They won't hurt Jrnn much," said I "Finn has pledged his wold to me 'TIE the ftaglit that will do lum good Is he out of the rigging, Waif ? " " Probably by tins tune," he answered "I told Finn to get Iran pent -down and fed The sun is hot up there, and tlie poor devil faced it ' Whilst we breakfasted I had much to say a&putthe; fellow's singular accomplishment as a ventnloguist, suggested ;that;byfan^yesheshould ibeArought;: aft: to entertain us, and eipres ed wonder that a map so gifted, qualified by .nature, moreo\er, to -dress up his singular and special-faculty swath'ithe airs of'as theatrical acountenaijce as everl had heard of. «hotfld i ibe; i satisfiedw'ithsthe:'ineaii;ofiicesi of a valet But my flow of *Ej>eecli was! fjiesently^heckediiy a change of mood m Wilmd His face darkened, he: iushedans plate -from Jum, and let li at; Muflrn'mlanguage iluch nould not have sWi ii<mtn,g piofawi) p' ol> iblyJipd; Mis Jennings been absent "Do jou Tunembpi ilio>=e sliiii"e warnings that I received .about m httle one"?' he cneti, turning a OTld eye upon " After iSiegros deception of last -who s to teli me that"! have been made afool-of ^ that too-?*' C,shot JiUirjiea glance of meaning and taiming atS51s Jennings, and said caif iessl" <r Be|ieud jion t, ve can ne\er lie Sihcfectims of fmoip than -our enses'in fuslife ^ J " Wjij- hould the creatine liave left jue togofonvardt Jieiliouted J - "I touched, jliiy iorehead with a Tsmfle ; -'.'When jou uigaged this fullow," wid If Vo^terio eMusSjrala-iaalthy aj ' \- jd^Wilf, the moti f, of this voyage supplies plenty of occupation to the mind, and there is excitement enough to be got out of it without the obligation of a lunatic to irait upon you." _ . He burst into a-Iaugh, without however a hint of merriment in it; and then fell silent and most unconlfortatly moodyi Shortly aftenvards he went on deck. " What'll they do to Muffin; Mr. Monson, do vou think ? " Miss Laura asked. "I cannot imagine,' said I, "they may duck him from the ^ard arm* tliey may spreadeagle and refresh him with a few dozens, punish him they will Finn is hot against him He is quite right in suggesting that a few such ex jieriences as^that of „last night might— "** **" -ail 1 -a'' mutiny Are you coming on deck { " Ko " "But it is a beautiful, morning. The breeze is;as sweet a? milk, and the clouds as. radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." " I do not care ; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you thnik I could witness a man being ducked or whipped? I should famt." "Well, 1 will go and viewtlie spectacle, so as to be able to give you the story of it. ". • • " She pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin 1 Why did Wilfrid bring him ? Lend nie one of Scott's novels, Mr. Monson. I cannot get on with that stoiy about the nobility." I was not a httle surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that the first act of the drama was about to begin. The whole of tlie ship's company, with the exception of tlie man who was at the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood together near the forengffiiig, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards learned was Cutbill, had jimnod a blanket over his shoulders to serve lum as a robe, whilst on his-head he wore a contrivance that might have been a pudding-bag, though what it really was I could not distinguish. He had covered his clim and cheeks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appearance as lie sat with a great air of dignity on the. top of a small bread cask. Six sailors stood wmg-like on either hand him, constituting tlie 3Ury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Mufim between two brawny salts, each of whom held hini by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck I could see his naked yellow shanks, his breeches beuig turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to think that the two sailors heldhim, not as a prisoner, -but to prevent lum fj-om tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro tlie quarterdeck with long flighty strides,, taking an - eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a grin on his face and his underhp working as though he talked. "I Xn glad to see Cutbill making a fool; of himself," said 1. " Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous when he introduces skylarking after the: pattern of that : fellow's make up. Shall we step forward and hear the trial, Wilf ?" " No," said he, " it would be undignified. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fao-. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you; and I mean that the sailors, shall.have their way with him, providing,; of course, , that they don t carry things too far." "Let's sit then," said I; " your sevenleague boots are too much for me this hot morning." \- He called to the steward to bring him his pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel: It was a very gem of a picture just then.. The canyas rose spreading oil high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would haveshone upon tlie eye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam of a pearl-encrusted surface. The decks went forward pure as ivoiy, every shadow so sharp that it looked as though an artist had been at -work upon the planks,-counterfeiting the rigging and every curve of stiriess cloth and all delicate mterlacery of ratline and gear running- crosswise: -The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of tho breast of a sleeping girl, into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-white: clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. Tile crowd on the forecastle filled that part of the vessel with colour. ,:It was the fuller of life for.the coming and going of the shadows .of; the far-reaching studdingsails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on- the many- dyes of the tough, knotted, ibearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wuy whiskers rangmg from the .blackness of die rook's plumes; to a pale straw colour, most of upon junks of tobacco standing high, in' the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled gnu, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to • close my eyes to -witness bright and vivid again as though it were of yesterday • • Theteialwasvery-decorously conducted; there n ere no jeers, no cues, no noise of any kind I could heal the luuible of Cutbill's deep sea notes, and once or twice -Muffin's. response,.- faint- ..as- the squeak of a rat ;deep down: Crimp- was called as a witnes , and declaimed a bit, but nothing reached me sa\ o the sulky rasp of his voice The fooling did not last long Cutbill got on top of IUB cask to address the jury, and I saw tli^ fellow at the wheel neai us shaking his sides at the preposterous figure of the man as he hugged, his blanket to lus heart, jpravely nodding with Ins pudding- bag': first to the six men on hisleft, then to the six men on his right, nMsfc he tleln ered his chaige When tins was ended Captain Fjnn, with a look aft, sang-out at the top of his voice, evidently .that we should hear him ^ ".Now, m ~ lads, yo"u who -constitute the ury, ivhafs "our vardict t Is the prisouer at the bar guilty or not guilty ? "Guilty'" all twelve men roared out atonce, on whuli 'Cutbill, still eiect on 3ns cask, passed judgment I strained my ear, Tsut to no purpose It was a monotonous rigmarole oi a speech,-and so long tliatl turned w tli -a lace of disma, to Wilfrid " l £a , what are-they going to do with hun? W'H, Cutbill lias saia enough to Tvlnppmg, ~<Jucking, loasfruig,- and=quaTtering:..: onlj mem to fugblPii hun," he fiiooTcingsanxioiifeiiiievErHielcliS 'j'lip ti\o niun who gi.ispod Al»lun walked him into the -head, faced <him. oiiiid, md^iyoodioneitherSiilid'Jiim stall: preservmgtliarh^ia |Etanjcafiiteaft,f;he fl&sn; ineanwlule^^dSjgisg about in " bpdy -ii' Well, ^diat as detoded 011?" crie&i; "WilfndJeagerly andmfervoiisly \ gravo, "but secret enjoyment was very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spite of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of his chops to his chin end. '.'Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked." ."Cobbed!" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed " Ducked ! "..with a look at the fore yardarm that stood high above the sea. ••• " Every man 11 give him a blow with a rope s end as he walks forrard, ' ex* plained Finn, " and arterwaids cool him with a bucket 0' water apiece " Wilfrid's eyes came to mine " It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I, "the ducking is -innocentTeiiOugh. Yet J, see nothing of cruelty m the sentence •; and rc lit the fellow not only requires to be punished," but to be terrified as well " " The hands are waiting for me to tell 'em to begin, j our honour, 'said Finn with a glance fomaid "It 11 make the punishment too ere to keep the poor devil awaiting font." - . "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; " did he ofier any excuses ? . " WTiy, sir, he said lie was egged on with the desire to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and afiocte his hintellectuals. He says lie meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might liave ended in some smothering trouble all the same ' I came as a walet, says he 'and here now am I,' says he, 'brokejust a ship s dog, a filthy scullion,' savs he, .'when my true calling,' says he, 'is that of gentleman s gentleman.'' "But, confound hun! "cried Wilfrid, "it was he who left me ; I did not dismiss him. He went foi ward of his own will." .' "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. "Get on, get on and make an end of this, now; Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper m each cheek. "Iin weaiy of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. . In a few moments most of the sudors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double luie. Every man held a piece of rope m his hand—reef pomts they looked to me, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhilea couple of seamen handed buckets full of water along from a httle pump in the head untd every man had one at his feet: When these preparations were completed the brace , of salts who had charge of Muffin suddenly whipped off his shirt, and laid bare his back, so that he stood 111 nothmgbut a pair of breeches, a; very radish of a figure—his yellow anatomy glancing dully 111 the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal- black hair just as his inward terror was .accentuated by the corkscrew-like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of lus arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustreless eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that he wasmtitled, by virtue of tlie remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than he was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and tlie cait- •vas bag that served him as headgear as. making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, beating with his hands that Mufim and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two ; sailors who had conducted him to this point then posted -themselves with the others, each of them picking up a rope s end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Mufim so as to force him to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to. hinder Mufhn from runimig forwards. "Lay on now!" he hoarsely bawled, and then wliack ! whack 1 whack 1 whack! sounded upon the unhappy Muffin-s spine as rythmically as the tapping of a landcrab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a.will; one or two spitting on their hands before their .turn came. -The suflerer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to-the-fourth howled out like a dog. The. sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself lauglung—though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness m my merriment — at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching,, dodging, almost nude figure of Muflin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended,, lus head with: its adornment of oakum nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approbation on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, carefully turning out his toes as . though he were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, liairy- faces with the an- of -some court functionary maishallmg the progress of royalty As the echo of. tlio last whack rose hollowly off Muflm s back, the skm of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled lum round again, choking the yell he was m the act of: delivering into a moan,. and ran. -lum back to - where he. had -first' started. Tho ropes' ends wero now dropped every man: seized his bucket; and as Muffin moved, slowly confronted as before by Cutbill, - who barricaded tlie way. with outstretched arms; striding backwaids once again with Cape Horn grace , he received a deluge full in lus Face cue aftei another till I thought the : very bieath would have been washed out of lus body "'Now cutdownbelowanddijand clothe; voiirselfroared Finn,- as the last bucket was emptied ®yerihe ;shiveriiig : creature; " and the next time, in - lad, yo try any of youi pranks upon e'er a man aboard this we el, whethei he livesioiv.aid 01. iv hetlier he li\ e aft, we U send ye aloft to that -yardarin there wiQi :a , rope round your neck " Cutbill whipped off his blanket and toib the oakum and cap off his head In a tew brief moments tlie decks resounded .withitheslapping, of EBadorsiVswaibbing-.: "up; the wet, buckete were stowed awa in -their places the rope end3 collected, andim:;aniincrediblv Eliort :space of -time all na as though no such incident as I have related Jiad happened^ the plank : dgT.ng.fast, some seamui aft spieading .the aiming, othei fellows at then seierali job m-flieaiggmg 01 an deck, jU t a gnn; I How and a^ain pjssm*r .tiaon -a.r lhcui, bnt i iio daughter! arfd no talk; and the jaeht Woftly jiushaag lorwards under the ire ti Lig ti +hc' uii list ippi n""3i aiig lus aueridiau We ghali hear no (more -of Muffin, J\ think," said Wilfrid, showing notliing of the excitment I had expected to find in him. "KOj" said I with ayawn and sickened somewhat by . the business that had just ended, "but all this sort of business doesn't look like the errand that has brought us out on to the face of: these broad waters." "Ay," said ho, "but that errand was in ieopardy until tliis morning." He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. I waited thinking he meant to return: Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fised that I took a look too, conceiving that he beheld something to fix Ins attention. A strange ,expres ion of surprise entered lus face, his -brow ""lightened, an v air of eagerness sharpened, bis visage. 'Twas as likely, as not that he saw.-with:lus .mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up befo re lum was as actual to his tainted imagination as.1f.1t lay bright to all hands upou the sea-line. , But 1 felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of groundswell of emotion, worried, with sharper longings to make an end of, this -idle quest than: had ever before visited me. The inere sight of-:Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of the blues upon me just then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXI. HEAVY WEATHER. AKCEE this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy happened. ; It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alarm or divert during this, extraordinary ^voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had tlie poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of .mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure, the,shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately to nie "with violent indignation to tlie valet's trick upon his master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his nerves had been prostrated by the. punishment, he ordered Finn to let him remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ventriloquism ; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvexed by muffled imprecations. "The sailors, when Muffin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he replied by saying he would see them in a nameless place first. .The request, indeed, maddened him. I gathered from sullen Crimp's sour versionof the incident thatMufiiE shrieked at the men, shook his fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths Qf a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon .them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the screaming creature, believing him to be raying mad. / However, he behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking pur. way nor speaking, nor heard hun again singing in a dog-watcli in his woman's voice. Life grew so tediousthat I should have been glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said 110, angrily and obstinately once aiid for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east trades blew a fresh breeze and bowled us hindsomely athwart the broad blue:field of the Atlantic.- The Bride was a noble sailer wheni. she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty- four hours, with a hill of show at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in. "the. loud, and shrilling sweep of air, and. the glitter of flying-fisli sparkling on; wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was.as steadfast as the rising and the "sinking of tho sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was: sweeping the glass-like sappiiire of the ocean boundary, steadEy circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of "Sail ho]" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from What we were in pursuit of. _ ' A settled gloom fell upou my cousin's -pints. He complained of sleeplessness ; Ins appetite failed him, he talked but httle, and lus one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startluig incident to shake him out of tlie "melancholy that sat darkly as: the shadow of madness upon. him. Bliss Jennuigs tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of expectation, was proving too much for her.v She liad come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. Sho had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall m with the Shark at sea, or, at the very worst," to arrive at the Cape before her, and there lay in wait: • She was finding out: now that the oceanivas the prodigious plain I had- represented it for a puismt of this kmd, and. that the journey had ; already: grown infinitely tedious, though - Table Bay lay some thousands of miles distant yet. Still she'stuck.to hei guns manfully. Her heait would shoM in her eyes when she thought herself unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with; her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had made up her nund; that she had cast in her Jot with Wilfnd in tins chase, and that whilst. lie continued to pursue his wife, 110 matter to what .part of Hiewoild he might direct Finn:to:steer tlie vessel, she ivould remain at his side. . . "Should I everjorgive myself, do.you think, Mi Monson," she would avgue, ' if after I Jiad left him. Wilfrid: found Hemietta, and she refused to , return -with him for lack, perhaps, of the influence I should ie able to exert? **.,?-„ "Ay but do not you suppose too much ?' I would answei -. .'.' I'trliops Wilfrid might tall unutli his wife ; perhaps she might decline to lave anytlnng to do mill him, pe>!tai? if ou were present she might yield to our entreaties. ; : As any s^inpathie are -not so oeoply. concerned as youia, J am able pj Bibly to take more plautical raew Xiie one staggering-con-, sideratioli» th me is Uns: -ne anive at "Table Bay and find the has sailed and. there is nobody to tell us ii here she lias gone Figure^our outlook then 1 " "But ouavesujp-o ingtoo:s::32heiS6arfc ?»ai/arrive whilst we ar3. lying in-Table Bay What then, Mi Monson?" it na? idle'talk) thougJi to.iier " wiat CONFRONTING CUTBTTL WAS MUFFIN BETWEEN TTTO BRAWNY SAXTS. then ?" I might have replied toyanother -question: "If Lady Monson, at Table Bay, Bhould decline to allow lier husband ' to carry her home in.his yacht, what then?" " . . . , It must have fared hard with me, 1 think, hut for this girl; for li4d I had during this journey no other companion " than Wilfrid, likely as not it. would have ended in my carrying ' 1 it bee in my bonnet " for the rest ,bf my days. Beto-een us we managed to Ml many tedious hours with cards', chess, chats, reading aloud Whilst .Wilfrifl lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin orpaced WM deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an. iron sneer on his lip and oil his hvow the scowl of a dark Jswod out o£ "which you might haVp looked to Be® him burst into , some Wild; unreasoning piece of teMVloiiir,6qili% swearing fit, or insane toliiocjuy-^phe knew not what; only that the air Si? Mm held you restless with expebt&tion; of trouble in that-n-ay. The night-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the tropic heights, with failing breezes, hot and moist; soiQ^-ruriniiigsurges languidly, gushing into a slieet- lightning of phosphoric froth, a full moon that at lifer meridian came near to tliB brijiistlicQ of Sunrise, the planBtS -jargbj tfeiiiijliug and of heai^Jlly bfeau^;, a streak .of dim fire Sn th'p diltlp Witejr over the counter denotes Ihfe Subtle, sneaking pursuit of some It i^e fish - and reflections of white stars liko dim water-lilies, riding the polished ebony heave when it ran foamless. Even- ing after evening! on such nights as those would Miss Laura and I placidly filer)the deck together or sit watching the exquisite effects of moonlight on sail and cordage ortherisingof tlie luiiiinary above tlie black rim of ocean, with tltte tiamble of the water in Its light as though the deep thrilled to the firstkiss of the moonbeams ; gliding frtehi one romantic . fancy to another as tenderly as our keel floatedover the long, drawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would come sometimes to my thinking that if tlie Bride were my yacht and iaiua and 1 alone in her—with s crew tonavigate • 'the ?raft, to be eure—IeliojiH be very well satisfied to go on sailing about in -this fashion in these latitudes, under those gloiltitis State -and upon these warm and gentle SBa's, until alio tired. In its serene >tfo'ohlit moods the ocean possesses an fiieomparable and amazing magic of Spiritualising. The veriest comiuon-place glows into poetic beauty under the mysterious, vitalising, enrioiiing influence. I liave seen a girl whom liw exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comely by daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed aiid tadiant liighfc when the air has been biiniiuing to the stars with tte soft haze of moonlight, and \vhCii die sea has resembled a cstrpet of .blank silfc Softly waving. The nioon is a witch-, ihd her pencils of light are charged wifci) illagio 'qualities, In fcljesoft goltlen effulgence iiiy 'companion's face would sometimes grow phantasmal, a dreaul of girtSh loveliness^ the radiance of her hair andskinblendingivith the rich illusive light till.I would sometimes think if I should glance away from her and then look again, I should findher fairy countenance melted —a romantic confession that tells the Story my heart! 3Tes, I was far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to .a degree that no companionship asliore could approach. Wilfrid left us alone together for hour after hour, and there was nobody to intrude upon us. .Finn clearly understood what was happening, and sour old. Crimp was always careful to leave us one side of the deok to our- But there was now to happen s. violent :cliiriige—J, transfonnstiori ,'oi. peaceful, • amorous conditions of .'the; rightkind to affright romance and to drive this spirit of poetry-cowering out of sight. We lvero in latitude about eight degrees north; the longitude X do not remember. The night had been very quiet but thick; here and there a star thSt was a mere lustreless blgr in the void, and the water Hack and sluggish as liquid pitch without a gleam in it. The atmosphere had been so sultry that 1 could get no rest. The yacht dipped drearily from side bo side, shaking thunder out of her. canvas..and sending a sound, like a low sobbing wail, off lier Bides into the' niidnighV j*loom. This .prevented me. from ; opening the scuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a, sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from. one' hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a barometer iii the cabin just under the clock iii the"skylight; every time I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and every time 1 looked J observed that the mercur? .liad'settled somewhat,-a very gradual but a very steady fall. That foul weather was at hand 1 could not doubt, but it was hard to imagine the character it would take down amongst these equatorial parallels, where ope hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the rushing tempest red with lightning of high latitudes; though every nian who has crossed the Line will know that the besan " is as full of the unexpected thereabouts its in all other parts of the globe. _ I somehow have a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that followed, or, indeed, of any other passage of hours during this queer sea ramble! am writing about. • It was first the intolerable heat, then the unendurably monotonous lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompaniment of tho yearning wash of recoiling waters; the ceasoless and .irritating clicking V of. cabin. doots'. upon their hooks, "the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck, with a muffled ijclio as constant sullen explosions, the creaking aiid straining to right and to left and above aiid below, a hot smell of paint and varnish and upholstery mingled with some sort of indefinable marine odour; a kind of. faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as 'will sometimes rise off the breast of the. sluggish deep when stormy weather is at hand. X " believe I drank not less than "one dozen bottles of -seltzer water in tlie small hours, I was half dead of thirst, and routed out tlie Etewari aiid oblige'dlum toiupply ine Vai'ith a plentiful stock of this -rejreshfeent. But the more I drank the hotter I got, ,aind iiO Ehipwrecked eye ever more grate- fully saluted, the grey of .daVm than did mine when, wakening .from a half- hour of feverish sleep, I beheld the light of morning lying weak and "lead- colo urei &n; the glass of the porthole. An uglier jumble of sky I never belield when I sent ay first look up at it from the companion hatch. It was as though some hundreds ami "thousanria of factory chimneys had been vomiting-sup ; their black . fumes throughout.-• the:niglit, the bodies of vapour coming togetlveroyer our mastheads andcompaetmg there lumpishly amid the stagnant air with the livid thickenings dimming into dusky browns ;: and here and there a sallow lump of .gloom of tlie kind of- yellowish tinge to make one think of fire and thunder. Tlie confines of this ghastly storm-laden pall drooped to the sea within three miles of the yach t, so that tho liomoiiseem^d wifcluneatmoii- •Bhot—amerging and manglmgcf stationary; sijadows whose stirlessness was Tendered •the more portentous -by tiie -sulky pease- ! soup coloured welter of the ocean •into the shrouded distance and ;-there. iill hands were on 13ie alert.; • What wae tOicomeiJBten^Dldj^me,'- he could not tell, but he was reafly font. His niamtopniasfc was sfcruckj-that.is.isent dowii en deck; hp had also «ent down the opgallantyard was ns furledj.sa turiea, saving the close reefed gafftoresail and the leefed stay foresail Kxtra laslungs secured everytliaig that was movable. Much to my satisfaction, f observed-that he had struck the long a bieath of wind as yel, and tlie yacht Jooked aiostforlorn and naked, as though, indeed, slip w&p;' feh fioig » furiops tussle as she Tolled, burying her sides .upon the sputlieily bwe^ Uiat wap growing heavier and hea\ lei iour by hour. were at bieakfast nhen the iiist of ^noanjiand fug st fiis^ ^i^a small then a longer wail as it poured hot as the breath, of a furnace blast between our masts.. Tliis was followed by^gijio^ve minutes, of breathless ealm, di^fig #jii<p the yacjit fell off iftto the irdfi^hj alp.in; t bawled out,.fhsMit abmos! "i Beeing the flyingwhite ling of i£ likaTi; oload if: .desfeift Sand e^eepii^tliroy^Tfe evening dust, aiid before the words were well out of my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every blessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash , upon the deck, with the figuresof the two stewards reeling to leeward, myself gripping tlie table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with, consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon tlie ear for all the 'world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boiling and hissing of tie seas made one thixik of a sky full of water falling into the bceaii. The yaclit ai the first going off was beaten down on to her broadside, and Jay motionless, the froth washing over therail; and the horror of that posture of'seemingly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the roiihd of the hull to windward and! bursting over her f in vast bodies of snow. But she was a noble sea boat,' and waB soon gallantly .breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder end wilder as tlie feihpestit'ous music -on high rang out me fiercely yet, until it became. absolutely impossible to use one's legs; • The: sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hiill down the liquid heights, which came roaring at her from a very-- smother" of scud, and vapour and flying spray, gave her such a heel that twery recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flightwas a miracle of resurrection in its way. Tho hatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some time tho stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely disoern' one another's faces. Off the cabin deiskiose a miserable jangEng and clatter of broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For » long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to let. go; for there were moments when the Seeks .sloped like the steep roof of « housed promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a sort to break his neck or beat his brains out. At regular intervals tlie cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green sea, and those were moments, 1 vow, to drive a man on to his knees with full conviction that he would be giving up tlie ghost m-a very little while ; for to these darkening, glimmering, green delugmgs the cabm interior turned a dead black as though it were midnight; down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water; a shock as of the discharge of ! heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to tho blows of the tons upon tons of water which burst: over the rail to the height of the crosstrees, falling upon the resounding deck from that elevation, with a crash that made one thmk of tho fabiic having struck, followed on by a distracting souiid of seething as. the deluge, flung from side to side, boiled between the bulwarks. •••-•: Vfe had met with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest; but nothing to season us for such an encounter as tins. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble on all-fours up the cabm ladder and te put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wand that .to - the first protrusion of my nose I felt as if my face had been cutoff as by a knife and swept overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire ; the clouds of. foam blown off the sea, and whirling hoatoly under the black vapour low down above our mastheads looked like steam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a oouple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Fun glittering in black oilskins crouching aft under the lee of tlie bulwarks, swinging to a rope s end round his waist; but all forwards was haze, BtoriKS of foam, a glimpse of the yacht's Vows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters whiGh leapt upwards to the .sinituig of the structure HI marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterspout, but with heads which instantly vanished ni a smoke of crystals before the slinek and thunder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravelyj dark with brine from peak to clew, wifh ; a furious eakval draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow mto whioh there was aceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve mo 1 - Never could I have imaE[med such a sight as that sea presented. It might well -have scared the heart of a far bolder •man than ever I professed to be to witness the height and archmg of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of boiling summits; the dusk of tlie atmosphere darkened yet by-the • flyingram of spume torn by the "fingers • 61 tlie storm out of the maddened waters; the ghastliness of the dissolving mountains of whiteness glaring out into the wet and leaden shadow; the leaping, of the near horizon against the thick gloom-that looked to whirl like a, teetotum, mingling scud and foam and iurtbjig billow into a sickenuiff confusion of phantasmal shapes, a mad, chaotic blending of vanishing .and reappearing forms tuned by the yell, and hum of the gale sounding high above tlie brash of the breaking surge and -the shattering -of wave by: wave as though very truth, it fetched an echo of its oivn deafening roaring out of ihe dark sky rushing low over this tremendous scene of commotion •'-. Wliatever it might be that blew, whether a: straight-lined hurricane or some wing -of rotating, storm, it lasted for three days; not, indeed; continuing the terrible seventy with wiuch it had set m, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of; tempest; that had first sprung ugpn us jausfc have bBaten tli ya'clit down to her grave iby mere bloive oi green seas,- let -alone tlie addition.of the incalculable 1 .pressure of the wind. The stay-foresail -in one blast -that caught the yacht when topping a sea was blown mto •raga, -and whirled up -into the dusk-like smoke. A fragment ' of headsa,il was • wanted, but whilst - some men were claw mg forwariu3 to effeet'.what"was nesessary the vessel-'shipped i'a sea.'that earned'three of i tiiom overboard like chips of wood, leaving the fourth .stranded Jn the scuppers as far aft as the gangway with his neck and both legs broken! We were but a small slup, and luxurious: fittingscounted for nothing m such a hellish tumbled? cation aB that- . 'SSilfrrd .kept his berth iieaxfys.liiA^'^t&^'tuo^vliavii^'-Bhgb^ •spramediiisiankle^MGliiiappedibyitli.e motion prohibited iam.ifeem.'esteiiiimg jlys leg by so much, as n single strule. Qp.ike ether; Aand mmtil * not <lem to take some rest m tier bmik, "but -to no pXirpese Idid what liould to^nalijsJier comfortable, crawled ills a rat to iier berth, where I &und; liei maid JiaJf dgaS niih fright and nausea, procured a^illoir: ntgs- and so foitk, got ber DJ ei -to the lee si(3e;3vlieretlierp=was:aot3uuBlia'isk'®f/lier i'o11mg»ffvthesofa,'iandBiiu^edjli.er4i9:i;he #est. of.i-onyiiabihigrs: .-fasat. stantly, B«id nhat I could to kesp her sjiuits nip, procured food fei lier, Ml asleep at her side liol^mg iiei baad, to lier maid, And oil a woid ^cted thii jiart; of a -devoted bs ei Spi beaven bless tis, vhkt a imw vt was? J tajuld fioimiimes wonder wtiethprif ttejS/«rai list -gale, she iad se^wflrthmeeB ^ubughio filit live it. Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the completest figure imaginable of a tempegt rbeatfjn',-man a^nd rfipol't of matters aboW; but I remember ^iressing piece ot n^Ws fi'fiuldnot hrfv.t reaolr^l^^tis at such a tii(S, asfil.Miss JiauBaTs . irits seekied to uttei^ bie'ak^bwpTJlM^S', ,. .T It was' impossible to light tho galley flre,,ajjd' we had to subsist upon the remains of past cookery and on. tinned food.. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of the gale the cook had fallen and broken two fingersof liis right hand: so that "could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. . .' . ." But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of the third day tlie gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jennings in the cabin, with a plate of biscuit and ham on my knee;. off which >he and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little pieces into lier mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snaek myself, then applying a flaskof sherry to her.lips and findingthe jsdhe transformed into nectar by lier kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A" steward sat crouching iii the corner of the cabin; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some difficulty in obtaining oil for it aiid tlie mesh was therefore kept low. Sudd only, I witnessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the pbrthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to the plate that fell in "a crash upon the deck, and crying out, "; Thank Godj liore's fine'weathetcoming at lastl" ! made a spring to ihe companion steps, and hauled myself up through re the. hatch. . . '• -•-'-• It war> a sight I wtmld not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into : a' clear epaco of indigo-black 1 heaven.; her light flashed fair upon the vast .desolation of swollen waters; every foaming head of sea glanced with an. ivory whiteness that by contrast with tlie black welter upon which it broke showed with something "of the glory of crystalline snow, beheld in sunlight; the clouds had broken and were iBailing across the sky in dense dark masses; it still blew violently, but there . was a deep peculiar note in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that tlie strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the tilingslackens its revolutions. By one o'clock that niornihg it was ho more than a moderate breeze with a high angry, swell, of which, however, Firm made nothing; for, after eseorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them - making sail ba deck ; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay iii his bunk earnestly thanking God that tlie weather had mended, I went on deck to take a last look round before taming inj I fouiid the wind shifted to west-north-west and tlie Bride swarming and plunging over the strong southerly swellunder a whole mainsail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp smgmg out ai the waist, and l inn making a sailor s supper off a ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt 3 unk in the other by the light of the moon. (To be continued.) , 