AX INDIAN GHOST STOET. Saheb Den Dhobey was a prison official of proved courage and -magnificent physique, who was brought from Jessore to AUpbre to take the place of bead warder. It was his duty to visit the patrols between the surrounding walls every night between the boors oi twelve and two. On one occasion, after he had been only a few days in the gaol, he eet out on his rounds as usual, but some time after two in tie mem ing it was found that he had not returned. Time wore on, and at last mere wondering why he was so late gave place to anxiety, and a search party was organised. They carried torches, and at last came upon the insensible form of Saheb Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate upon the ground dose to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to the officials' quarters, and there, afters. *i-»p by the application of water and other restoratives, be was brought around. The following was the tale he told: He had been going his rounds and had stooped down to adjust one of his shoes, when he felt someone sprmg-nponhim from behind and com mence belabouring frim between the shoulders. The concussion forced him on to his hands and knees, and he first thought that it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by putting one arm behind his back, but he could feel nothing, yet the blows continued to lain down upon him, and he felt himself pressed down to the earth by ajpreat weight. At last a voiceaddressed him, - Tou dare come here, do you, to defile by your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin ?' And with that themsnfelt himself lifted bodily up, and then dashed face forward on to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoke to consciousness in the guard room. When he had finished this strange story, the aged head warder, who was about to retire, came up and put the question : ' What is it that is being said about Govind Brahmin ? This led to explanations, and the old warden told how a noted budmash of that name, who had committed several cold-blooded murders, had been hanged in the Allpore gaol six-and-twenty years before. ' But,' pointed out one of the auditors, ' Siheb Den Dhobey was attacked a good distance from the gallows. We found lim close to the hospital gates.' ' Ah,' replied ?the old man impressively, ' the scaffold in those days stood on the very spot where you found the prostrate body of Saheb Den Dhobey.' The latter listened with blanched face; then he threw himself back on the couch on which he lay, ' My hour has come,' he said. ' It must have been the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and beat me. My heart is broken. It is certain I must die. And he died in two days' time. — limes of India. 