Aa Ocean Tragedy. CHAPTER IX. ; JL SQTJ&.1J,. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. AmhoOCU Finn's calculations showed Vtay well upon the chart, it will not be Supposed I could Kind auj-tkmg in them upon which to ground tliat hope of falling in with the Sfiari: which had become a fcottvictlon -with Wilfrid. The look-out faiAtt at our masthead might perliaps, on a clear day, compass a range of some twenty miles, even thirty if it came to a gleam of lofty canvas liovermg over a hull a league or twopast the glopfe df Watei'6 ; but what •was St View <ot this kind to signify in .so vast a»v ocean as we had entered ? As I have elsewhere said, the difference of a quarter of a point would m few hours, Supposing a good breeze of wind to be blowing, cariy the Bride, wide of the wake , of the Shark and put the two yachts oat of sight fair abreast of one frneU'bf. . : Man understood this as wellas I : but 'when I fell into a talk with him ou the subject that evening—I meanthe evening of the day on which we had spoken the Wanderer—he told me veiy honestly t the odds indeed were heavy against our heaving tlie Shark into view, though he was quite sure of outsailing her if the course was to extend to the Cape of Good Hope ; but that as tliere was a chance of our picking Iier -up, whether by luck, if I chose to think it so, or by his hitting with accuracy upon the line of direction that Fidler would take, he had made up his mmd to regard the tiling as going to happen, for his own ease of mind as well fts to keep my cousin's expectations lively and trusting. 1' A man can but do his best, sir," he boeaid nitji -. '' Sir Wilfrid needs a deal ofhumouring;: you can see that, sir. I knew, all along) when he first came and told me what had happened and gave me toaywtdcrs, that the job of keeping him pacific Would have : to go hand, m hand with the business; of sariing the Bride and Sighting upon the Shark, if so be she's discoverable. My notion is that if you're called upon so to act as to fit an employer's taste and keep his views and wishes gratified, though by no more than maintaining expectation m him, the best thing is to tarn to and try to think as fur as you can the same way as he do. • I don't mind saying, Mr. Monson, that I allow the whole of this here voyage to be as wague as wagueness can well be therefore why wornt over parts of it ? Suppose we overhaul the STiarft—then . it'll be alllight; ; suppose we don't—then it won't be a •for the want of tiymg." This was the substance of Finn's opinion as he imparted.it to me that night. His sincerity touched me; besideB, I saw worry ..enough in the poor fellow to make me sorry for. him. Indeed, I resolved from that hour to backrhim up, heartily agreeing with him that. the adventure was quite too vague to justify anxiety in in respect'<ft any one detail of the programme. \- The weather was quiet when I went to led that night. I came below from my long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy smear of moon over our mastheads and a dark sky going down from it to the obscured sea-line, with here and there a pale and vapoury point of star hovering sparely over a wmg of cloud that lay stall in the dusk as though what wind there was blew low upon the waters; The wide sea name to the yacht m a dusky throbbing, like folds of gloom rolling with a sort of palpitation in them to the eye; the foam glanced m places, but there was little weight, in the wind, and the pallid spires of the yacht's canvas floated nearly up-, right through the dark atmosphere, with a sound of the sob of water coming off I'or weather bow and the dead plash of thu hidden billow falling without life from her quarter, m a.way that made one think there were fellows emptying buckets over the aide abreast of the wheel." Wilfrid had been moody and reserved throughout the dinner, and retired early to bed. I sat an hour with Miss Laura, with the mild diversion of a draught-board between us ; but we soon forgot to play m talking. We had been-but a few days together, yet I had already made the discovery that I wonderfully enjoyed her company and that I immensely relished a quality of arch naivete in her conversation which owed something of its effect to the contrast between a -sort of coquettish sagacity in many things she said and the nunrlike artlessness and virginal' sweetness I seemed to find in the gentle, girhsh regard; of Aer charming >eyes. : .I also observed; in "linyBelf•-that the more & saw of her the more : her beauty gamed upon me. I never remember meeting a woman's face thSt I would sooner have taken as a frank expression of mind; there was a softness and a delicacy of feature that one instinctively accepted as an illus-: tration of -habitual .refinement and purity of thought Her maimer, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and tenderness, and her smile the most amiable of any I remember. Her position was of great delicacy; and xould not; have failed to painfully distress one of your self-conscious women. Our adventure, every reference to it, every mention of the Shark, every expression ui Wilfrid of grief, shame, temper, was; us it were, a,: rude withdrawal of the veil from before her sister's frailty. There -was mo other lady on board to help her to bear, so to speak, the burthen of the inevitable topic, and yet she never made it appear as: though there was pain, and shame to her m the subject, outside her grief for Wilfrid, her eagerness that her sister should be recovered, her resentment against the man who had betrayed and dishonoured his friend. I may fail to convey what I thought of her maidenly acceptance of her share in this strange adventure, bat I am certain that nobody but a person of exquisite: instincts could have acted, as she did, the delicate and exacting part allotted her by my cousin. Tlie weather was still very quiet when I bade her good night. I went 4x> -my cabin, and do not suppose I was ten minutes ill my bod before 1 iell asleep 1 awoke to a sound of ;a great roaring all about,^ac<Mmpamedjby?ihe;*riesio£ainen . ou deck, the sharp flinging -down of coils of rope and the thunder -of^ shaking and I had turned - m, to employ ."the proper sea parlance, -with my-"head.-to windward; 'but; now the jaclit -n.u> lying over on t'other Bide,"and I awoke-io ibid my heelB in the air arid the weiglit'of anybody upon m} neck; but flic .ing'o of the ci -.ft was so thaip thal%fcwasmot»iihoM a prodjgioiis"L amount fcf" iieavjng^ -andfloundeiing X managed, to- get jny-|egs ovli and to mb upijght .. A * * A soul 111 rtinu.sU J, frrhng fur m> A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced through the port > hole as though a gun: had been fired into my cabm, and the interior glanced out into ft noon- tide effulgence for one breathless instant, in which, however, I managed to catch sight of the angle formed by a coat with a stanchion,: Upon which it hung "by a peg. Upon my word, it was as though the yacht was upon her beam • ends — such a heel as was not to be realised by one lying in a bunk, or even sitting upright in it. Then came the darkness like a sea of ink, rolling to tlie sight m which the reflection of the flash still writhed, followed by a mighty shock of thunder that died away in a hundred rattling peals: as though 'twas high mountainous land all around: the horizon, honeycombed with caverns,; and ©Veiy _peak as resonant as a hollow dohre. . A sharp squall! thought I, but there was too much noise for sleep. It was all hands on deck I was pretty sure by the 1 numerous scampermgs over my head; the harsh voices of .the sailors bawling.at the ropes would be swept into faint cries by the rush of the wind; and now and again a heavy lumpish sound that put ft quiver into eveiy plank, followed by a. snarling noise like the hissing of half-adozen locomotives blowing off steam, was warrant enough, to ears not unused to hat such sounds, that the Bnde was taking large doses of water in pretty freely over her rai, I lay quiet, and was -presently sensible that the yacht was off tlie wind ; ..the righting of her was uo small; comfort:; she was manifestly going through it like acomet. The ,:sea was now well aft, and the suggestion of swiftness I found in the mere feel of the hull, somehow or other, blackas my cabin was and the blackeras it remained for the flash of hghtnmg, was accentuated by the thunderous rush of each surge outstripping us in the race and hurling its black length along the vessel's side, and the fierce spitting and crackling of "the smother of spume that was raised by the vessel's headlong flight and that went raging and racing astern on top of the swellmg ebony fold that swept forwards from the opposite direc-' tion. ' - • ' ••.• Humph V thought I, if this is a case of " up keeleg '' with friend Finn, he'll have to enter into something shrewder : and surer than dead reckoning to find his way ; back agam into the Shark's wake. I had a mmd. to see what was happening, and, after a spell of troublesome gropmg and clawing, during which I had like to have broke my nose by striking it against tlie edge of a chest of drawers built into a corner, I succeeded in lighting my lamp,, and was presently snug ni a pea-coat, and ., sou'-wester - which' ;I : had«:'been -wise enough to include in' the slender sea outfit I had purchased for tins voyage. The cabin light was always kept burning, throughout the night, dimmed by one of the stewards, after we had retired to our berths, but with plenty of flame left to see by, and, on emerging, the first object I caught sight of was the figure of a man on his knees on the cabin floor m a, posture of prayer: and apparently in an agony : of fright.Nothing was to be heard of; him until: I had approached close, for the roaring of the wind and the washingand foaming of seas drowned all other noises ; but on stooping-to make sure of, the fellow, whose hands: were clasped over his eyes; whilst he held his face upturned as lie swayed upon his knees, I could hear lum praying with all his might, with an energy, indeed, that might of itself have accounted for the drops of perspiration that glistened upon his brow, if it wasn't that his attitude of terror explained the: secret of that moisture: It was Muffin. There was something so shameful in the fellowi cowardice that all in an instant I lost my temper and gave him a kick which flung linn, at Ills length, face down, upon the deck. He set up a horrible howl " Oh. Lord ! -oh mercy ! we're-gone 1 we're gone! Oh, if I was only on dry ground—' Here Iseized him bysthe collar; ."Get: up, you fool," I cried. " Do you know where you are, you idiot ? Gease ! If you alarm Miss Jennings—" and I hauled hun -on to his legs, shaking him heartily as I did so. " Oh, Mr. Monson," he whined.." is it you, sir ? Tell me we ain't all dead and* gone, sir! Oh, this is 'orable, though ! orrible ! Never no more ; never no more.' forme "Be ' 1 off to your.berth: at once,"'cried-I: angrdy, though my temper died out of me at the absurd sight of his yellow, working, terrified face,: .rendered ugly: enough to challenge the skill of a Cruikshank by the maimer mwhichj during.his devotions, he had streaked his forehead and nose and Ins cheeks jiast his eyes with his plaistcr- Iike lengtdis_of coal-„black hair. He was for speaking, but I grasped him by the shoulder and ran hun towards his berth that lay some little distance forwaid of mine on the starboard side, and when he had shut himself m X made my way on deck, with a peep aft, as I went up the steps, where all seemed quiet The night was still very dark hut of a clearer dusk -The moon made a redstreak low in the west amongst some ragged clouds that seemed to fall like a short flight of steps, every one edged with 1- blood, to the sea hnc, where the muddy crimson drained out, just showing the lurid staining of it now and again when some surge beneath reared an unbroken head to the lustre. The night was made to look amazingly wilder than it was in reality by that western setting jumble of -ugly lustre and torn vapour like a flock of giant bats: heading from the moon for some ocean solitude of deeper blackness To wind-: ward there was a great lake of indigo-blue in the sky, in which a nuniber-of trembling stars were floating, and vast white puffs of cloud crossing itwith the swiftness of scud in a-gale ; but to leeward it was just a mass of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk on top of another in blocks of.blackncss •Buchas /aipoetimight: dream of- jn picturing the helliElv iwallsand battlementsofa beleagueredcifcyofdemons^and JUX)Oii_;thifi massofdai'knesstliat-looked- assubstantial as stone to tlie eye there was a plentiful play and crackle of vjolet lightning 5 but 110 thunder, at least none that X could; heai. It was blomngAesh,-3)utthle wind 4iad;tokenwff^nsider^lyiwithi»iiheSaflt teammates 3 tKe jBiideVas-close hauled; I there wasA strong sea on tliebowanH she was plunging smartly ~with at frequent intervals ainsk^EquaU-of spray^over herl headithat rattled ^upon the-deeklike^a fall; of hill ma thunitci 111111 i,darki;gleani \ oulit lin. ikiintln-rr "nd iln.ii tlieic m m lier deck-to her Tolling, hut tie water Was" draining'Off-fast, flashing ana^loud hissing through the scupper holes s at jevery lee sencL but"wjthjwcjglit enough ^etaemainjng m iaclj rash'ef ^lt 'JiG'enshle'jue guhcr tint is mu. t 3iayfepbBen®3%retty -nearly^aist-high^tween^lie^lJulwafW dived till you would think the tall black coil arclungat her past the creaming glare crushed out ot the sea by the smiting of her forefoot: must leap right aboard her but her staunch and. buoyant bow, the truest: piece of ocean moulding l ever, saw, in a ship, would regularly swing with a leap to the peat ot the billow, shattermg it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be followed by an echo of derisive laughter; m.the yelling rmg o£ the wind- sphttmg upon the rigging or sweeping into the iron hard cavities of the dunmished spaces of Wan and spectral canvas . I took all this in as I stood a nnnute in the companion hatch ; then' perceiving the figure -of a man to windward almost abreast of me, I crossed to hun. It was Fmn . ^.'Tery ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," said hej after peering at me to mako sure of my identity, "it found us with tops'l and t'gallants'l set and took ns elap aback. It was the most onexpected tlung that ever happened to me; as onnatural as that there moon. Talk of keeping a lookout '. I was staring hard that way with tlie wind a pleasant air blowing off t'other side and saw nothing and heard nothing until I felt it " " Tou had to run 5" " Ay, but not for long, sir." : "How's her head now, GaptamlTinn V " Her proper course, Mr. Mon^n." " Well, the weather is brightening. You'll be making sail again on your ship, I suppose, presently ?" "Ay, but let that muck blow away" first," he -answered, pointing with a shadowy aim into the . mass of obscurity : where the lightning still . winked fitfully. "After such a blow-me-abaek job as tins I am't going TO trust the weather till T can see moie of it " I hngered a little, watching the slow opening of the sky bo windward,"and the gradual unfolding of tlie stars down the velvet declivity, that looked as though purified by the cleansing of the black wet ; squall, and then bidding good-night to; Finn, who seemed a bit subdued bj wildly disconcerting attack-of the weather, the: r that to a sober, \agilant seaman was about as uncomfortable a snub in its way as could be admmistered, I went below, intending to walk straight to my berth and-go to bed again. On.entermg the cabin, however, I found the lamp turned - up, and Wilfrid pacmg the carpet with long strides' and with an agitation of manner that was -- grotesquely deepened by the occasional stagger of Ins gait by the plunging of the yacht and. the hurried lift of lus.-arm to clutch the nearest thing at hand for support. I concluded that: he had been aroused by the commotion of the squall, but thought,it strange he had not stepped: on "deck to see how thmgs were- On seeing me he put his hand 011 the back of a fixed revolving chair;, and swung, or rather reeled,. himself into it/ then-leaned his cheek: upon Ins hand, in a posture of extreme moodiness, whilst he -kept -his eyes bent downwaids • I took a seat opposite him, after a glance roundm search of Miss-Jennings; who, I thought, might also be up "The noi£e above disturbed you, I suppose, Wilfrid'" said I '' I have not slept," he answered. • "Not since half-past nine! You went to bed then, you know, and it's now two o'clock," I exclaimed, looking at the dial under the skylight ' "I have not slept," he repeated. "I wonder that the squall did not bring you on deck." " For what -purpose ?" he exclaimed gloomily. " I could hear Finn's voice; I could follow what the men were doing.: If every squall we are likely to meet is to bring me . from my bed, I. may-as well order a hammock to be slung for me on deck " "Wliat is the matter, Wilfnd?" said I, earnestly and sootlimgly. "Something, I , fear, has ..happened to vex -and bother , you " . He passed Ins hand over his eyes, and; looking down said,- "I hare 3<ad a warning." "A what?" I exclaimed. "A warning," he answered, fetching a deep sigh and making as if to rise, retaining, however, his posture of piofound melancholy* whilsthe sent a slow, wandering look around, finally fastening his eyes upon me "From whom came this 'Warning, Wilfrid?" said I, cheerfully. "Muffin?; Egad, you'll be, getting at warningfrom, him soon, I reckon. I found the chap on lus knees just now,: sweating with fear and piaying like-clockwork. I gave lum a kick, and I wonder the howl that he raised did not bring you running out of your cabm." I jabbered this off m a reckless, laughing way, though I watched him narrowly, too, all tlie feme I was .-''Nothing shaEhmder me,-Charles/'-he it lie in a menacing way upon the table. "I ha^e made up my mind to tear the creature who still remains: my wife from the side of the man she has left me for; and before God"—-he rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand—"my vow is this that I will hunt them from port to port, through ocean after ocean, until I meet with them' When that shall be I know not, but this I do know—that my time will come and I can wait. But I must be on the move. Nothing could render life tolerable to me now but the sense of action, the animation and hope of pursuit" "But tlie warning 2" said I. "Oh, to be vexed by ghostly exhortations—it is enough to craze one' he exclaimed. "Hea\en jesoluiaon grows weak enough in me as it is to any thought :of my:htfe v one Oh no," he cried, with a sarcastic .shake of the head and a singular smile, "do not believe that thoughts of my baby girl would cause me to falter even for one breathless instant on this 'course that J have made up my mind to pursue But .tothinkoffthe^elplesslambas^one^-^:'-: "My dear fellow," I interrupted, " the child could not possibly "be in tenderer hands." r "I know, I know," he eaed,-with a sob in his voice, "but she is motheiless, .Gharle5^::anditiien::how_:precarious.i.iE-ljfe at -that age(l I-may never fieejher agam He broke down-at thus ahd hid his-face , J > r-"Come, come,'" 'eaid I, "your neives afternoon,"®!' j[ should say, of yesterday: afternoon—uncluly, though "intelligibly, excited, by Puncheon's lgport ot->having 1C 1, old ftl'on Thcp J ainineh, 11h.il irasious 111; .tenons \ou 1 s sounding out <jf iheawinslaioTOgvherejamdni^itsslmpessas copnition of thu Juitoi tin liod\ winch ileCuii! oluu mn t vi'.fjv'eh ihe tri^e >-e 1- of 111c soul lrnc. out an order on deck. There was the flash of bright stars upon the gleaming ebony of the .cabin wmdows with every heave of the yacht; the sea . was moderating, and the loud humming of the wmd aloft gradually fining into a dull complaining noise. Ropes were thrown down overhead;: voices began; to smg out. I uttered.a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned-and exclaimed, '' Don't let me keep you up, Chailes " "It's all right," said Ij "but why not; go to bed, too 2 Or first describe this warning that you have had ; .express the nature of it. Perhaps, like the proverbial onlooker who sees most of the:game, I might be able to help you with some reassuring suggestion." - But he merely shook his head ; and now, feeling quite mtolerably sleepy, and m no mood, therefore, as you-will suppose, to reason with a mind so oppressed as his; mth superstitious" melancholy, I called a cheery good-night to him, went to.my cabm, and was soon fast asleep. I was awakened by the brilhantdaylight that filled my berth, and at once rose and. sung out to: the steward to prepare me a: bath. All the time I bathed and dressed I was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he called his " warning. " Isupposed it was some voice that he had heard, and he had made it plain that it had referred, amongst other things maybe, to his-little infant. Now, though of -course I had known foryears that he was " touched," as the expression: goes, I had never- understood that his crazmess had risen to the height of hearing voices and beholding visions m lus waking hours; and I was, therefore, forced to behove that lus mind was far more unhinged at present than his manners and speech, peculiar as they unquestionably were attunes, had indicated. Well, thought I, assuredly if he gets worse, if the symptoms should grow more defined, this chase will have to come to an end. I, for one, should most certainly call a halt. Why, what could be fuller of madness than his vow last mglit before me—to go on sailing from port to port; • and traversing ocean after ocean; until he has captured her.ladyship -; as if a pursuit 011 such lines as these were going to end in anytlung better than driving all hands: daft , and converting the Bnde into a floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is true, I have found method enough to keep my mmd tolerably easy ; but if poor Wilfrid is, going to become veiy much worse, hang me,.thought I, plying a pair of hairbrushes with; very agitated hands, if Captam Finn don't haul his wind for the handiestport andset me ashore for one. CHAPTER X. I GO ALOIT. Il was 3fresli sweet ocean morning, one of the fairest I remember ; the wind, a tender fanning from tlie west, warm enough to make one fancy an odour and bafai of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as those, parallels, yet lay. The sky was one broad surface of curls and feathers of pearl-coloured vapour, an interweaving, as it were, of many-shaped links of silken cloud shot with sdver. and amber and gold from the early sun. I never beheld a lovelier dome of sky so tender m glory and rich in dehcate perfections of tants; The.sea-spread m a firm dark hne to it hke ;a blue floor under some mighty roof of marble; the sun's wake came m a misty stream of light to the port bends of the yacht, where it was flashed by the mirrorlike wet blackness of . the glossy side back .deep-into the brimming azure of the brme: in a great puff of radiance that made one thiiik of a cloud of brightly illuminated steam.ascendmgfrom the depths. . Everything was brilliant and clean and cheerful, the::decks of the white softness of: foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemishcoiled or; festooned: as by an -artist's hand upon the Jiins; forward stood . the long cannon radiant as polished jet, a detail that gave an odd significance to the saucy knowing "spring," as it is. called, of the, yacht that way.. The cocks and liens in the coops were straining their throats and blending with their cheerful voices was a noise of pigs; there was black smoke pouring, away from the galley chimney, and now and again you got a whiff of something;good frying for the men's breakfasts; for my cousin fed his sailors well. The Bnde, with erect masts, was: sliding over:tho wide folds of ;water whose undulations were so long drawn and regular as to be scarce perceptible in the motion of the vessel; there was air enough to crisp the sea, and where the sun's light lay the tremble-was blinding; on -either bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil smooth water going away astern from under the counter; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of the yacht being a pile of white cloths—every stitch she owned abroad to her topgallant The mate had cliarge ^mcl was stumping the weather side of the vquarterdeck in his sour way when I-arrived. "Good morning, Sir. Crimp." "Manung," he answered. "Ugly squall that last night." "Ugly? ay." The fellow gave .the word sir to no man, restricting its use when ashore to dogs as Finn once told me, but his surly tucks of speech and manner were so wholly a part of him, bo entirely natural, so unconsciously expressed, that it would have been as idle to resent them as to have quarrelled with him for having an askew eye or lost .one's temper because Ins beard resembled rope yarns. "Anything insight?" I asked, looking round. "Ay," he answered. -"Where?" I exclaimed, running my; eye over the sea " ^JP yonder," he responded, indicating withiagesture of. h^ yard -where was: perched 'the mevitablo figure of a look- out man. " -"But where away, Mr. Crimp,—where away, sir?" "Onthe starboard bow/'lie answered, " 'tam'4 long been.sighted." Breakfast Would not be-ready for some: time yet, and having nothing ±0 do I thought I would make a'joumey aloft on niy own-account and 'take a view of the distant sail and .of, the spacious field of the glittering 'morning ocean 'from the -alfitud^ofithemasHieadisc^/stepped^ielow.; for a telescope of myown, a glass I had; many a jfime ogled the sea 'with when li was -doing penance ffor .past and future fiiiis m African aiid West Indian waters MuiSn was at^the footol <ihe companion' steps liolding^a -pair of 'Walfri4.s boots lb ci.lli'-t i 31 .mm1 'lxC \ hu f Ui.*, In plough there Was Sundance of room for ^Hie to^pass.' slow obsequious, ."jolo ;ctio siiult nt twiMaug and cui'inc do%a this yellow face -had a bur^ •®ished-Books' he' wasj uncommonly"cleaniJL'LH.S 1 . :®5"f,«l ." You came near to making it so," said I. " Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yet I " Yes, sir " "How is lie'" "Asleep, sir,' ho replied in a blandly confidential way. "Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't disturb him. He passed a bad mghtdown to-two or three o'clock this morning " I was going; suddenly I stopped. "By the way," said I, roundmg upon tile fellow, "how long have you been in Sir Wilfrid's service 8" My question appeared to penetrate him With a consuming, desire to be exact. He partially closed one eye, cocked the other aloft like a hen in the act of drinking, and then said with the air of one happy in the power of speaking mth accuracy, "It'll be five months to the hour, sir, come height o'clock, Friday evening next." "During the time that you have been in. his service," said I carelessly, " have, you .ever heard him speak of hearing voices or seeing visions?" "Woices, no sir," he answered ; "but wisions," he added - witli a sigh and lengthening his yellow,face into an expression of deep concern, "has, I fear, sir, more'n once presented theirselves to hmi." . ., " Of what nature, do you know V' " Sir Wilfrid's a httle tDysteriouB,:sir," he responded in a greasy- tone, of voice and looking down as if lie would have me understand that with all due respect he was my cousm's valet and knew his place- . I said no more but made my way on deck with a suspicion in me that the fellow had bed, though I hardly knew why I should think so. I trudged forward, and finding three or four of the men hanging about the galley I pulled out five shillings and gave the money to one of them, saying that I was going aloft and wished to pay my footing, for I was in no temper to be chased and worried. This made me free of the nggmg, into which I sprang; and had soon shinned as higii as the topgallantj'ard, upon which I perched myself so.noiselessly that the man who-overhung it-on the other side of the mast: and who was: drowsily-.chewing upon a quid of tobacco with his eye screwed into Wilfrid's lovely-telescope, had 110 notion I was alongside of him. I coughed softly,"for I had known seamen to losethcir lives when up aloft by being suddenly startled. He put a whiskered face past the mast and stared at me as if I was Old Nick; out Of the mmutest pair of eyes I ever saw in the human - head, more gimlet-holes they seemed for the admission of light: . :." Thmkmg of your sweetheart, Jack ?". said I mth a laugh, ignorant of lus name, but counting Jack to be a sure word. . Can't-rightly say what I was a-think-- -mg of, sir," he answered hoarsely; •" -twarn't my .sweetheart anyways; seeing that^the only gelll was everTeally.partial, to sarved me as her ledship sarved Sir " Wilfrid yonder," indicating tlie: quarterdeck nith a sideways motion of his head. " Cut stick, eli ?" said I. •••.-" Wuss than that, sir," he answered. " If she'd ha' taken herself off and stopped at that I dunno as I should have any occarsion to" -grumble; -but she prigged the furniture that I'd, laid m agin getting married. Ay,, prigged it. The. boding amounted to fourteen pound tew, a bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring man to be robbed of for the sake of a. master chimney-sweep." He cast a slow; disgusted look around and expectorated wim an air of loathing.- I hope you got the master chimneysweep locked up," said L " No fear i " cried he, talking very fast; smite me, yqur honour, if that there gell didn't tarn to and swear that tliat furmture was her's, bought out of her own savings, and that she guy me the money to order it with. Tlimkmg o' my sweetheart!" he grumbled; lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his eye, :"if it wom't-for iwomen -dumned if this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-hvmg m " I smothered a laugh, and catching sight of the sail-shining faintly m-the blue air, • leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, I pointed the glass and easily distinguished the royal, topgallantsail, and a snatch of the topsail of a. ship heading directly for us " I wonder if she'll have any news ?' • said I, . " Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the man, " but could you tellme how long it's reckoned m the cabm this here ramble's agoing to last ? " •>••.•" Whatr was the nature of the voyage you signed for!" ;: " Why/' he replied, " a yachting cruise to Table Bay and home." " It 11 not exceed that, I. believe," I exclaimed. " And if we p»ks up that there Sltaih and recovers the lady afoie we git to the Cape, shall we keep all on or shift our helium for Southampton again ? " •"Captam Finn will be able to tell you more about it than I," I responded in a tone that silenced him, though his tmy eyes .looked atliirst for information as he, regarded me aslant over one of his huga whiskers. The height from from which I surveyed tlie vast plain of sea, the spirit of wiiose loneliness seemed to find the one touch of emphasis it needed to render its -magnitude; realisable by human instincts in that re . mote flaw of -ship's canvas which broke: the continuity ;of: the boundless horizon filled me with a feeling of exhilaration I cannot express; the sweet mild ocean breeze high on that slender yard sank through and through me, and vitality to its most: secret recesses was quicken ed by it iiito a : very mtoxicataon of life, new; free, ardent; the air hummed gently in a vibratoiy metallic. iiote as though it were -some echo of a -distant concert of harps and violins; ^.far down the hull of the yacht, plentiful as was her beam m reality, looked like a long slendei plank rounded at'theibowB,"4he:wlnteness of; the: deck shovnng with a soit of radiance as upon which the shadows of the ligging, mastsiandcanvas-laydaii.a^ clear, witl. a fitful swaying of them to the heave of the fabric, off Johshepl-and -brilliant .things jsuch :as ^he 'skylight or the brass decorations, when^fUishes of fire would leap forth to be veiled again in the violet gloom of the recurrent shade. The -thin-curve-of foamon either hand the cutwater i&oked; like fiostedBilvei • my eye' wenfr^to the any confines of the ocean -spreading outjntoadehcateliaze-of -soft azure light w here it willed the ^marble of 1 then it was-that, sliarper than- ever h Jul liLiore fcH n il' 10 jo-p 'he jrrceptioii In'me of^he*incalculable odds agd-inst our-Bightingaaie yacht we were-in pursuit of, feo measureless^did-the ocean! distance- appear'when with*the gaze going liom flu Bull's nu.thi -d ithought of 41ir> ili.riinn Hi. f (1,, , ,, 1 I raised my hat and she bowed, and being wishful of her company I bade my fnettd Jack-keep his eyes polished, as the. piece that was nailed to the mast would help to lessen the loss that his sweetheart had occasioned him, and descended, hearing hun, rumbling in his gizzard as I got off the foot-rope, though what he said I did not catch. • . "What is there .-to- be seen, Mr. Monson?". was Miss . Jennings' first question, with a delicate fire of timorous expectationm her eyes. : " Only a sbip," said I. : . " Not—-not— "No ! not the Shark yet," Iexclaimed smilmg. "I am stupid, to feel so nervous. I dare say I am as passionately anxious as Wilfrid to see my sister m this vessel safe — and separated from i-i, from " — she faltered and quickly added, bringing her hands together and locking them, "but I dread the moment to arrive when the Shark will be reported m sight." " Well, if we are to pick up that craft, said I, "we shall do so and then there'll be an end on't. ButI give you my word, Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a mighty big place from that bit of a stick up there." ".Too higfor this chase ?" ."Too big I fear to give Wilfrid the chance he wants." She sent a bright glance-at the topgallant-yard and said, "Does not that great height make you feel dizzy 1 " Ay, as wine does. There is an intoxication as of ether in the air up tliere- 01), Miss Jennings, if I could only manage to set you on to that yard—see how near to heaven it is i- You would then be able not only to say that you looked like an angel, but that you felt like one." She laughed prettily and turned as if to invite me to walk. After a bit I spoke of the squall last night. It had not disturbed her. Then I told her of Wilfrid's melancholy .perturbation, on which her face grew grave and her air thoughtful. " He did not tell you the nature of the warning?" she inquired. , "No. It evidently had reference to his baby. _ I wished to ascertain whether it was a voice or a vision—though I really don't know why; for an hallucination an hallucination all the world over, audit signifies little whether it be a sheeted essence to affect tlie eye or a stung of any syllables to affright the ear.": " I am sorry, I am sorry/' she exclaimed anxiously, " it is a had symptom, I fear. Yet it ought not to surprise one. The shock was terrible—so recent tool Scarcely a fortnight ago he felt safe and Jiappy in lus wife's love and faith—" "Maybe," I interrupted; "but I wouldn't be too sure though. When I last met. lum—I mean: somewhile before he came to ask me to jom lum m this trip —lus manner was very clouded, I thought, when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even then suspicion was something more than a seed. But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it certainly is a sort of business to play: havoc with such a mmd as Ins. Did you ever hear of his havmgwannngs or seeing visions before?":- Never." . I asked his valet that question just now, and he told me he did not know that his master heard 'woices,' but he believed he was troubled with 'wisions,' as he called them." " Wilfrid has heen very secret then. My sister spoke much to me of the oddness of his character, made more of it indeed than ever 1. could witness,-^but then one understands why, now," she exclaimed with an angry toss of her head. " But she never once hinted at his suffering from delusions of the land you name. Howshould his man know then? Wilfrid is not a person to be so very confidential as all that with his servant. . I never bked Muffin, and I behevehe is a story-teller." "So do I," said 1, "and a coward to boot/' and I told her of my finding lum: on his knees, and how I had. prostrated him with a kick. This provoked one of her cordial, sweet; clearing laughs. It was a music to fit. to gayer thoughts than we had been discoursing, and presently we jwere chatting lightly about dress, society,- some maestro's new opera and other light topics very much more suitable for a yacht's. quarter-deck under such a momrng heaven as was then shining upon us, then the raven, owl and bat-like subjects of ghosts, warnings, visions and insamty . The breakfast bell rang; Muffin arrived with a soap-varnished face and a humble bow,: and in greasy accents delivered his master s compliments to us. and, please,' we were -not to wait breakfast, for him.; But when we were half through the meal Wilfrid came from his cabm and seated himself. He looked worn and worried; his expression was that of a man who has succeeded m cahmng himself after a secret bitter mental conflict, but whose countenance still wears the traces of his struggle. He called for a: cup of tea, which with a slice of dry toast formed his breakfast. Now and again I saw hun glancing wistfully at Miss Jennings, but his eyes' fell from her when she looked at him as though he. feared, the. detection of some-wish or thought in the manner of his watching her. He inquired languidly about the weather, the sail the yacht was under, and the like. There'll be a ship in sight over the how," said I, "by the tame we are ready to go on deck " "Ha'" he exclaimed, instantlybriskenmg , " we must speak hci Weie it to come to twenty vessels a day passing us we should hail them all. But it is the wind's capriciousness that makes the fretting part of an excursion of this kind. Here are we creepmg along as though m tow of one of our boats, whilst where the: Siasfcistheie may be half a gale driving., hei through it as fast as a whale's first rush to the stah of a harpoon " "Heels weie given to us in the Binall hours of this morning though," said L "We covered more space of sea in five jmnutes than I should like to swim if I had a month to do it m " Oh, but she was off her course," ex- • claimed Wilfrid. Only to the first of the squall," I exclaimed, "when I "went ondeck she was lying fair up again and-erushmg through it with the obstinacy of a Imer " He glanced at me absently as though he barely attended to my woids, and then looked round him, as I supposed, to observe if Muffin and tlie stewards were t>ut-of hearing He lay back m his chair, eying: Miss Jennmgs for a httle with a; thoughtM regard .that was made pathetic by the marks of care and grief in^us face "Laura," "he ^aid, "L am worrying •about baby " > ... -"Why, Wilfrid?" she-answeiedgently "-Oh, 'may* he a meie Instructive anxiety, some seciet "misgiving, wellj here—-17I10 Ttno-n s pot yeiih e subtleties of osii .md-blood de—aMna^temtimeptaji "" " why sffloyr-iS, Jamey^o worry-you, you have been vexed and upset by what you interpreted mto a wammg." * "Did it particularly refer to baby?" she asked. "Wholly," he responded gloomily. " But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I somewhat impatiently, "won't you put this miserable vision mto words ? What form did it take ? A warning ! If you choose to view things asquint they're full of warnings. Consider the superstitions which flourish; the signs of luck and of illluck ; the meaning of the stumble on the threshold, the capsized salt-cellar and the rest of the inventions of tlie wicked old hage who ride a cock-horse on broomsticks. Why," I cned, talking vehemently with the idea of breaking through the thickness upon his -mind, though it was no better than elbowing a fog, "I protest, Wilfrul, I would rather swing at your lower-yardarm and be cue down after a reasonable tune to plomb the deep peace of the green sdence "beneath our keel, than live m a torment of apprehension of shadows, and " convert life into a huge mustard poultice to adjust to my quivering anatomy staggering onwards to the grave." He surveyed me with a lack-lustre eye whilst he listened. 'Might not this warning, as you call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have been some brief, vivid dream, the impression of wluclx was keen enough, when you awoke, to make you imagine you had viewed what had appeared with open eyes ?" "No!" he answered emphatically, " wliat I saw I saw aB I see you " " Then it wasn't a voice ? " I exclaimed. "No matter," he said, "God's eye is upon the innocent. Surely he will protect my little one. Still—still—" he seemed to struggle with some thought and I made up my mmd to attempt a bold stroke. . "Wijf," said I, "your child must be dearer to you than your wife- Smce you are uneasy about the bairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift your helm for home, where you will be able to have the child by your is side and where there will be no need for warnings relating to her td worry you 1" A dangerous light came into his eyes; his strangely cut nostrils enlarged and trembled; half a dozen dark moods went like ripples of shadow over his face. I regarded him steadfastly, but I will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for his bearing at this moment had more of tlip. W u i m 111 it Uiau 1 Had ever before He breathed deep several times before speaking. "Youare right,"he said ; "my child is dearer to me than my wife, but my honour stands first of all. For God's sake do not craze , me with such suggestions. Look at me!" he - cned, extending his arms, "gripped here," clasping his left hand, "by my child tliat in its sweet innocence wouldvwithhold me from this pursuit; and dragged here," and here he clenched his right hand with a menacing, shake of it, "hy a sense of duty that must have its way though it should come to my never setting eyes on my baby agam. Charles " —Jus voice sank—' 1 at your hands I should have expected something better than such advice as this. If you are weary of the voyage—" '• No, no," I interrupted. . " Why torment me then," he shouted, " by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows ! Is it so? Great heaven, man ! you yourself read out the entry m Captam Puncheon's log-book." "Well, well, Wilfrid," said I soothingly, "1 am veiy- sorry to have said anything to annoy you. The fact is I am too prosaic in my views of tilings to be as helpful as I should like to. be in a que6t of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I sighted from the topgallantyard has hove mto view yet J" The poor fellow rose slowly from his chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as he was. His anger had left hun. " Oh for tlie privilege," he exclaimed, " of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future! Would to heaven Iliad been born a samt with aglory round my head, for. by that light only is it possible to interpret the hieroglyphs in which the page of life is printed." " Miss Jennings,-' said I, "your sunny hair coines so near to the sort of : nimbus my cousin desires, that I am sure if you would cast your eyes upon the mystical page that puzzles him you could read it aloud to us both by the light of those golden tresses." " Charles/'exclaimed Wilfrid shortly, ''you are for making fun of everything," and he stalked to his. cabin, but only to fetch his pipe, as I afterwards found. r I could not discover, however, that Miss Jennings wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion of my ridiculing propensity. CHAPTER SI. •CHE PORTOCCESE BRIO. • Right over the bows on either hand the sky had cleared smce the early morning ; the fairy drapery-of linked, -prismatic, shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the seahne a dark blue sweep of water against the dehcate effulgence of the heavens, and like a star • climbing above that most exquisite horizon shone the sail that was® approaching us, still distant a' fair eight miies, but already distinctly visible from the low altitude of the Bride's quarter^ deck. Sir Wilfrid^ leaning; over the side, sent a long yearning look at her, thenwith & glance at tlie man on the topgallantyard-he walked'over to Fmn, who : had relieved the mate at eight bells, and conversed with hun. I got j, chair for Miss Jennings, fetched her novel—the end of the fiist volume of which seemed still as far off as the Cape of Good Hope; —anda rug for herfeet, and having made, her comfortable I loaded a pipe and: squatted myself on deck under the lee of the mainmast I was not perhaps in the veiy sweetest of tempers ; for though what I had said below might have been a bit provoking, Wilfrid had turned upon me font a httle too LotlymethougM Tkuseipedifcioii, to be sure, had a special interest for hvm, ; a ltliad a special intei est for Miss Jennings;: but so fai as I was concerned it was; a mere sympathetic undei taking. My cousin, to be suie, was "wanting" ; but that consideration was :not going to render, any indignation I might unwarily provoke an him ithe,more 'endurable:- - My quarrel,: liowever, just then lay with myself. I was beginning to consider that 1 had joined Wilfrid in this cruise too hurriedly; •that "had I insisted -upon more time for reflection I should have declined the adventure for the veiy good .reason that I was -unable to see how I could be of the least use ho lilmm it?'" The ocean taakesj people oolii h. ilsmo'ioton\ pie upon x inwards and the intellect dfepfeurs itself a thi. in J j u 11 tail 1 w v already Riming ^somewhat for the diver- ®HBwB8t " •****•*• ~ mmmmm sions of the shore. Had I been sensible of any limit to the daily and nightly routine of eating, sleeping, keepinga lookout, and discussing probabilities, - my humour might have lightened somewhat; but on what date was this voyage to end ? Where was tins white fabric that was '• floating in beauty over the quiet waters gomg to cariy me? Heavy clouds" of smoke floated from my lips when thought that for months and months I might be sundered from my club, from the opera, of which I was a vety great lover, from the engaging recreation of billiards, from the quarter of a hundred of pleasures with which the idle man of means loads the blunderbuss of life to shoot at and kill the flying hours as they pass. Poor Wilfrid, though ! I thought with a sigh; and an emotion of pity rosn in me as a rebuke when I glanced at his long, awkward figure, thought of the bitter heart-ache that left lum only when he slept, of his love for his httle one, of the dreadful grief and dishonour that had dome to him, of this apparently aimless pursuit upon the boundless surface of the ocean of a faithless woman, with the subtle distressing quality of madness in all he did, m all he thought, to make his conduct a sadder thing than can be described I peeped round the mast for a short view of Miss Jennings. She seemed to have lighted on a chapter in the novel that was interesting. Under the droop of her long lashes her half-closed violet eyes showed with a drowsy gleam; her profile had the delicacy of a cameo, clear and tender, against the soft grey of the bul-- warks past her. Deuced odd, thought f, that I should find her prettmess so fasci-< natmg; as though, forsooth, she was the first sweet girl I had ever seen 1 I filled another pipe and sat awhile puffing slowly, with these lines of haunting beauty running in my head ; Bate ycni Been but a bright lily grow, Before rude bands have touched it ? Have you marked but the fall of the snow Before the soil hath smutch'd it? Bare you felt the wool of the beaver ? Or swan s down ever? Or have smelt o' the bud o' the briar ' Or .the nara in the fire 7 Or have tasted tho bag of the bee 7 0 bo white 1 Ososoft! 0 so sweet is she' The poet is also the prophet; and maybe, thought I, when old Ben Jonson planned this fauy temple of words, he had his eye on some such another little dehcate goddess -as that yonder. But there was tohappen presently something of a land to send sentiment flying. Bit by <io «ioii<i-jn<»aCTi Ay liaj. drawn away down into the Northward, until far past our mastheads that way it was- clear blue heaven with an horizon ruling it of a sort of transparent sharpness that made you imagine you saw the atmosphere beyond through it as though it were the edge of some huge lens. The breeze was weak and the yacht's pace verv leisurely; there were hints of a calm at hand, here and there m certain long glassy swathes which wound like currents amongstthe darker shadow of the wrinkling breeze upon the water; to eveiy small roll upon the long sleepy undulation, the mam boom swang in with a short rattle of canvas m the head of tlie sail and a flap or two forwards with the smite of the mast by the square topsail as though there were hands aloft lazily beating a carpet. The vessel ahead was steering dead for us, her masts in one. She was much smaller than I had supposed from the first glimpse I caught of her from the masthead—a httle brig, apparently, her cloths showing out rusty to the brilliance as she neared us, albeit, afar they had shone like a star of white fire- Her hull was of a dirty yellow—a sort of pea- soup colour, and the foot of her foresail was spread by a bentmck boom. She was without an atom of interest m my eyes— a small foreigner, as I supposed, sluggishly lumbering home to some Spanish or Italian port with her forecastle filled with chocolate-eoloured Dagos, and tho cabm atmosphere poisonous with the lingering fumes of bad cooking Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at her together, the latter, raising a glass to hiB eye from time to time.: I knocked the ashes out of my bowl and crossed over to them. " It will be strange if she has any news to give us of the Shark," said I. "We will speak her, of course," said Wilfrid. " Looks as if she meant to give us the stem," exclaimed Finn, with a glance aft at the fellow at the helm; '-' she is steering dead on for us, as if her course were a bee-lme and we were athwart it." " I expect she'll not be able to talk to you in English," said I. " What is her country, do you think, Mr. Monson?" asked Miss Jennings, closmg her volume and joining us. "Italian. What say you, captam ?" " Well, I can't rightly tell what she is," he answered, " but I know what she am't —and that's English." He stepped aft, bent on the ensign, and ran it aloft. "3>oes she see us ?" exclaimed Wilfrid. " Really she is steering as if she would run us down." I took the captam?s glass and brought it to bear. She was bow on, and there was no sign of a head over the forecastle rail — nothing living in the rigging or upon the yards either ; the foresail concealed ; the run of her .abaft. - "She appears derelict," said I, -" with her helm secured amidships, and blowing like the wind—as she listeth." " Tune to get out of her road, I think," grumbled Finn. " Down helium!" , The turn of a .spoke or two brought tho stranger on the lee bow. " Then it was that, on taking another viewof her through the glass, ,1 observed a couple of men standing near a jolly-boat, that'swung at a pair of heavy wooden davits like a Nantucket whaler's on the quarter. ' One of tliemwore a red cap resembling an inverted flower-pot; die other, whilst lie addressed his companion, gesticulated with inconceivable vehemence. "Foreigners of a surety! " said I; ' they'll have no news for us.-' All continued quiet; the two vessels ipproaclied each other slowly ; tlie stranger now proving herself, as 1 had supposed her, a bng of about a hundred and eighty tons,-as dirtysa-looking craft as ever I- saw, stained in streaks about the hull, as though s. her crew washed the decks down with the water in which they boiled their meat, lier rigging slack and grey for want of tar; the clews of her sads gaping at a distance from her yardarms ; and at her mainmastJiead anammense weather-cock; representing a boat with what I supposed to be a samt standing up in it, with gilt enough left upon the metal of which it was formed to flash dully at intervals as the rolling of the vessel s« ung the sunlight off and on to it As she lifted to, the floating heave of the sea she showed a "bottom of ugly green sheathing, rich withmarine growths, darkpatchesof barnacles,: ^ea-moss, and lorig trailnigs of weed usuig: vividly green from the sparkle of the brine. "What a veiy 2iomd>loolang boat,**; observed. Miss Jennings. As tlie gill laid ibis I saw the fellow at the stiangeOs wheel revolve it with frantic ' rrstiires as though some deadly danger ;;%f;srabeeh : idescried 'clbse aboard.; thebrig I'fes-ine Iieaviiy:and sluggishly, l-ouna light '•ij^yiTCart -our"course, -showing no colours,. , 'v f &«aHB.]jpa!g her channels ,to .the run of - : 'folds with the -weary motion of, a, ,-ivater-logged vessel;, and bo Iay;-all ;aback.. •. >••SFinir'looked on,, scarcely, midersfc»^ug; % -50ve' manoeuvre,-'then "bawled out,- d S; .it,.'\vn' 1 Hard down 1 Gliuck her.nglit up •>-V:Mi-vtiiB-Triha.i:--.,-Why;-.bl0sa:my:/l)o^ and. a. ill, what, aro the fools ainiuig at! :. .-.,: Tlie yaclit nimbly answering her helm t mo to a stand,-her square canvas to tlie inast-lier fore and aft sails fluttering.. "Hail her, Finn!" cnea Wilfridwith excitement. , • , W ' *' N6 need, sir-; they're coming aboard,' - •: H«s"were"d- the-captain,- and sure enough; there iveie the men,, tlie only two -besides the man-at the helm who were visible, working-like madmen-to lower away then-. ; i- loUy-boat- . Intleir red-hot haste -they. let lier drop with a rua, and the fat fabric * -smote: the water- sb" heavily tliat I looked to see her floating - in- staves alongside. Th6n down one fall with tlie agility of a Yiionkey dropped -the man ..-in .tlie -red . nightcap into her and unhooked tlie blocks, jumping about like a madman. His companions swung himself down by. the other fall, and .in a trice both men,-sitting ,;so far m the head of the boat as to .cock her stern high up, whilst her nose was nearly, under, wore pulling for the yacht as though tlie devil hmiself were m pursuit of them. "What do they want? The Jindct" oxclamied Wilfrid, breaking into a huge roar of laughter, with a slap of his knee. He had been eyemg the approach of the boat with a sort: of high, .lifting starehead thrown Dack, nostrils round and quivering like an impatient horse.'s. '' Tlie desire of tlie moth for the star J " said I to Miss Jennings. "But the simile won't, hold; yonder red nightcap spoils the fancy of-the moth." " Shall we receive, them aboard, six ?" exclaimed Captain Finn. :.„ : " Certanily,"' responded Wilfrid, witli another short shout of laughter. ."Unship that there gangway," sung out Finn; "the steps over the side, one of ye.'' . ,..-.. . .....-.- The two strange creatures pulled with amazing contortions.. Small wonder that tlie heap of child-like disposition that, liretty well made np the substance.. of Wilfrid's manhood, should have been fettrred into extravagant merriment, by tlie Wild movements of the two fellows' bodies, the windmill-like flqurjsiungs oftlieir oars, tlie flopping and flapping of the red cap, the incessant straining, and twisting o£ the chocolate , faces over ..the shoulder to see liow they were ..heading, the shrill exclamations that sounded from the instant tlie-fellows were within earshot and that never ceased until they had floundered and splashed alongside. (To be continued.) 