ABOVE THE SPEAKER. BY TlltOTBEUS. " Tlraouious placed on high." The want of confidence motion was not exactly a bolt from the blue. Mr. Gillies rightly described it as "the long expected come at lost. His further statement that it is the outcome of a " medley of intrigue" is also accurate. When the previous week closed it was sure that there would be a struggle for the Treasury benches, and the only question was whether the resolution would be moved from the Corner and seconded from the Opposition, or moved from the Opposi- tion and seconded from the Corner. The one surprise is that the debate should have been so early finished, but this was due to the decision of the Opposition to be called the Opposition for the last time this week to maintain a stony and sterile silence." Their policy was that when you have the numbers, the least said the soonest mended. On the Tuesday there was the final interview between Mr. Munro and the Corner seceders " We can do it," was the report of the hon. member to his own caucus, " if you will say little and vote straight" The caucus was unanimous and the policy was carried out. And so ended the famous Coalition Government administration. It had a long life and a peaceful death. The two leaders retire without scandal or as- person. The constitutionalists have seldom had better men in office than the contingent that has served with Mr Gillies, and the radicals have seldom which is saying a great demand a worse lot than have served with Mr, Deakin The materials the hon. member had to choose from were not good, but he might have done better than Messrs. Dow, Nimmo, Pearson, and D M. Davies Really if they put their defection on that ground there would be a good deal to be said for Mr. Deakin's out of office friends leaving him, as they did, nearly solus on the Government side at last. The Opposition silence was wise. At any time during the last three months the Left needed only seven or eight votes whenever it chose to vote solid-in order to turn the scale against the Government. The Trillins hill secured these seven or eight votes. The hon members who seceded did not care to say why they went, nor did their new friends care that they should state their reasons. Whether the silence was proper is another question. A Government, like a man, would seem to have some right to know why it is to be condemned to walk the plank." But Mr Munro held the one arm of the victim and Mr. Wheeler the other, and merely pointed to the crowd behind The largeness of the majority surprises many people, but it was readily brought about There is no great burning question to keep hon. members straight, causing the representative to be judged by his vote either as a patriot or as a traitor Politics are fluid And water ballast easily shifts It was tolerably certain that if there was a majority of one against Ministers there would be a dozen The fight was to keep this necessary one member from going for if he was lost, then would come the stampede The talk about a dissolution was excellent bluff to keep members together, andtoBecure the majority of one, but that majority once lost the tactics told the other way Theinemberswbosbrank from the idea of an appeal saw that it was their interest to go over, as the larger the new party, the less of course the prospects of a dissolution So at the last the waverers glided across like ghosts Hamlet persuaded his perturbed spirit" to speak, but Mr Deakin's appeal to these floating forms to state their reasons was made in vain. The Corner members who remained steady showed no enthusiasm for the Government Dissatisfaction is understood to have culminated in connection with the Railway Committee No doubt the Ministerial members did not like to hear that Mr Munro consulted the Opposition as to who should be selected while they were not called together And it was natural that the omission of the names of Mr Wheeler and Mr M Lean should give mortal offence for those gentlemen, whose right to the position is uncial lengeable, were actually on the first list circulated by Ministers. But, after all, this was no life and death matter The great offence of the Government is their longevity. In certain of the Malay Polynesian groups there are no old people, because, say the travellers (Williams's Poly timan Researches, vol I, folio 189, Smyth's Peeps at the Papuans) when the natives attain a certain age they are held to have had their share of the good things of this world, and as they have leased upon others be they) are duly feasted upon in turn Ministers who have lived some of them more than seven years, could not but expect to be the recipients of many cannibal glances Every want of confidence debate has its own character This last will be known as the one sided discussion or the debateable only debate without a scene The decision of the majority not to speak but to vote took all life out of the affair, and the shortest want of confidence episode on record was also the dullest. There were no battle speeches, no conflicts, no shouts of anger and retort, not an uproar to mark tension of feeling Ministers might have r died of course, but once the numbers were known, they accepted the situation Dr Pearson, who was put up to occupy time, apologised for his late Ministerial existence, and promised to efface himself in the future by sitting behind any Government which will make experiments in socialism Mr Deakin took the tone of a temporarily embarrassed tradesman, who thanks his ens tomers for past favours, and suggests a continuance a little later on The debate even opened without the usual fire. Those not in the secret were astonished to find Mr Munro had finished when they supposed he was about to formulate his indictment And Mr Gillies on his part, took the attack good humouredly, assuming that there was nothing to get in a passion about Oppositions he recognised have made bargains with Ministerial members before, and will to the end of the chapter If hon. members cannot win on a policy why they naturally resort to intrigue So the hon gentleman tried no heroics He made all his points pleasantly, and for all that was said or done, be and Mr Munro might have left the House together, and fought their battle over again across a supper table The episode was very different from the Disraeli Peel philippics of history, or the passionate Service Berry encounters of this place and time, when Mr Service would sale with an epigram, and his opponent, in a final rally, would almost scream Further back also are the days when Mr nigin botham would prove that the antagonist was no better than a criminal, and the retort was quick that he was worse But this time the performance was genteel comedy, with nothing of tragedy about it, Two of the Premier b best points were made in dumb show. When he put his question "Have I ever refused any hon member financial information?" and Mr Maloney ejaculated seriously Yes, me," Mr Gillies said not a word, but his "Did you ever hear the like of that " look Bet the House in a roar The ranks of Tuscany" joined in the merriment Then when Mr Munro inter jected a sneer against Ministers as a Coalition Government, the Premier took the House again by looking steadily in the Corner of Messrs Wheeler and M'Lean, and then pointing to the Opposition, remarking;, " I may discuss the morality of coalitions a little later on The feature of the situation was the per plenty of the members holding labour Seats " Ministers foresaw this difficulty, and hence their persistent efforts which, though private, are well known to bring about some arrangement enabling both sides to claim a victory 'The losers, they feared, would be sure to seek political revenge, and so it is. There is s blind but unmistakable Trades ball set against the Government for taking precaution! against disorder, and for allowing the Railway Commissioners to buy 1 foreign coal, in order to keep the town and country train services from a standstill. The wavering members were duly talked to First s Minister would be with them .- " If you leave the Government the Trades hall will still run candidates against you who will denounce the Mounted Hides and Mr. Speight's "coal bargains ten times as warmly as you can. You will not gain the votes of the rabid, but you will lose the sympathy of the classes who want peace, order, and prosperity." Then a labour agitator would be seen in gloomy and earnest conversation with the unhappy representative " And at the our of Eve, familiar road, Hall troth half v atom, spies ministers abroad " The truth would be there at any rate. The division-list shows which influence won. And so soon as the news was circulated that the labour seats were gone the stampede set in. Of the two retiring leaders, Mr. Deakin is the more likely, under present political circumstances, to come first to the front, It would not be surprising, indeed, to find him sooner or later connected with the incoming Administration Possibly the hon. gentleman contemplates a sort of farewell to his chief in his parting eulogy of Mr Gillies as the most loyal and most honourable of politicians, and by virtue of ability the first member of the House. The passage was cheered. The complaint against Mr Gillies, as Mr. Tuthill put it, is that the hon. mem- ber has been too honourable the south raised requests from his friends too strictly because they came from his friends The same complaint has been made in turn about Pitt and Peel and Bussell. " I fear," wrote the Duke of Bedford to his son, in a published letter, that you give offence to followers by not listening with aufnehmt sympathy to their solicitations. I tell you with freedom, because I am your father, and beat friend and no one else might tell you what I do now " " Best friends " have made this remark to Mr. Gillies, but, of course, nothing changes a man's real nature. After the paternal remonstrance it was written of Lord John " So cold a climate plays the dence with votes, For human hearts need sun as well as oats " And to the end Mr Gillies has retained his dislike to personally placating supporters The fault is not one likely to be found with many Premiers. The contention that Ministers could not obtain a dissolution because the motion is personal is only to be described in the language of a leading Parliamentarian as too thin." If that were the rule all want of confidence motions in the future would be strictly personal in character. There would be an end of appeals to the country, and if there is no fear of the Lord." in the house, at least there is a wholesomedieadof dissolu- tions. A dissolution, however, could never have been seriously contemplated. The talk about it must be put down to a great extent to bluff Mr Maloney will be fairly laughed out of one little habit. When he made his mean that he had asked for financial figures and obtained none the House took the cue at once, and the cry came from all sides of "Shame, shame." There is one more habit to be also got rid of-that of making serious charges and running away from them. It is not necessary in any sense that every man should have his Price 