THE HOLY FATHER AND AUSTRALIAN VISITORS. To the Editor of the Advocate. SIB,—As I know the columns of the Advocate are always open to receive communications of a nature to interest Catholics especially in reference to the Holy See I therefore hasten to inform you of a most in. teresting occurrence that took place here last week, and which shows the great condescension and kindness of the authorities o! the Vatican to strangers, especially to our dissenting brethren, who may visit the Holy City. I may inform you that myself and my son, Councillor levers, are making as extended tour round the world, and arrired here last week in company with Mr. Jaguers jun., of Parkville, Carlton, who, of course', are Catholics. But we were also accompanied by Mrs. and Mr. Edward Barrett, of Melbourne, Mrs. and Mr. James Ware and Miss Ware, of Ballarat, also Mrs. and Mr. Willinsdorf, of Hawthorn, and Mr. Bridge-' man, of England, who are all Protestants. We—that is, my son, self, and Mr! Jaguers, jun.—had the honour of bear! ing letters of introduction from his Grace Dr. Carr, our venerated Archbishop, to the Most Reverend and Venerable Dr. Kirby, Archbishop of Ephesus and President of the Irish College, Rome ; also, from Prior Butler, to the general of his Order. In both cases we were most cordially received; and his Grace of Ephesus displayed the liveliest interest in forwarding our wishes in seeing the sites of Rome, and also promised to procure for us a speedy audience with the Sovereign Pontiff. We had the honour of dining with his Grace twice, and he drove us round the city and suburbs in his own carriage. When we told our fellow tourist* of Dr. Eirby's promise to procure us an audience of the Pope, they were all in excitement, especially the ladies, and begged ns to get them included in the list. We called on Dr. Kirby next day and informed him of the wishes of our fellow-travellers, with which he deeply sympathised, but said be had already made the formal application to the authorities at the Vatican tor three, and further said there were crowds of highly distinguished people from all over the world who were in Rome for the Easter cercmonies, and whose names were already down on the list for an audience. This, of course, was quite reasonable, but we urged onhis Grace the desirability of getting our dissenting fellowtravellers an audienoe also, as, having travelled so many thousand miles to visit the holy places in Jerusalem and Bethlehem and the Jordan, they would feel it so high an honour to be permitted to pay their respects to the Holy Father at Rome: These arguments seemed to weigh with his Grace of Ephesus, and he promised to make a fresh application on our behalf, and the very next day after dinner a special messenger arrived at the hotel from the Palace of the Vatican, directing us with our travelling companions to present ourselves next day at noon-to be received by his Holiness. The letter also cpntained directions as to dress of ladies' and gentlemen. Now, Mr. Editor, this kind consideration and condescension on the part of the Papal authorities show that they are in accord with the feelings that bring such crowds of Catholics and uon-Catholics from all parts of the world to do his Holiness reverence and honour—at least so it was interpreted by our non- Catholic companions. Well, sir, we were punctual, and were received^ by the noble Swiss Guards and escorted into the anti-chamber of his Holiness, where we found assembled the great ones ol the earth. A sumptuous room, tapestried," gilded, and filled with the works of the great painters. Suddenly a door at the far corner of the room opened, and Leo XIII. appeared, much as you see him in pictures, most benignant looking, _ and at once all the company fell on. their knees, numbers bearing on their arms, beads, and cruoifixes for the Apostolic benediction. He then proceeded to speak a kind word to everyone, and signed most people with the sign of the crosB. At length he reached oar party, and I could hear the words "Australia" and'! Protestant" uttered by theattendant prelate. His Holiness here seemed to brighten up, as he appeared pleased, and erected himself, and spoke kindly to the ladies and gentlemen of our. party, ana shook hands, and laid his hands on the* heads. We were the last of our party, andl heard the words " Catholic patru et m uttered by the secretary when his Holiness stopped. On reaching me I asked his Holiness for Ins blessing for self and family when he laid his hands on my head, signed me with the sign ot the crpsB, andfi^ve m e higrihg tokiBs. He mtwle the same pause m reaching Willie, and so passed on. After making the full round of the company, he mddenly stepped alone into the centre of the apartment, and, erecting himself to his idlest height, said in Italian " that we were all children of one common Father," and, throwing both hands high in the air, said " I fcleesyou all." He then let fall his lefthand and with his right over his head, signing the cross over our heads, he imparted to us and cnr families the Apostolic Benediction in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. At this moment the scene was most impressive, all being on our knees, several ladies and many gentlemen loudly gobbing, being deeply impressed with the solemn 6cene. His Holiness then took his departure, and this most interesting event came to an end. Sudh scenes are calculated to do much good, and evidently made a deep impression on the whole company. Trusting that this communication will find an early insertion in your columns,—I am, sir, yours very truly, WILLIAM IEVEBS, Sen. Hotel Continental, Rome, 11th April, 1889. 