TAR RUN. In pioneer days, Dinger's Run, or Old Tar, as the inhabitants facetiously called it, lmd, Die reputation of being haunted; nnd the stories told of ghostly Bights nud sounds were well calculated to make a timid person feel nervous if lie found himself alone on tlie road after nightfolL Although it was s noticeable fact th&t; the people wuo saw the ghosts werc those who stemped to quench their thirst at tlie Three Mile House before they started on their journey home, yet many were credulous enough to believe too talcs that were told, and numerous were tlie ludicrous scones ond laughable accidents that occurred in con sequence. One old topef, who had not been gifted with second eight, sneered at the marvellous adventures of bis friends of the bar-room, and c&mc; to the. conclusion (lint he also would see a ghost if it were to be seen at oil. Accordingly, one night, after lie had fortified himself with o Tew drinks, and had ' stored a full bottle in Jiis pocket, hestorted for home with tlie avowed determination of seeing /i spectre if possible. Not far up tlie Run was an especially haunted spot, and here our toper 5 topped to watch for tlie ghost. Looking around for a comfortable seat he espied a small straw stack, and on this he comfortably deposited bjmRplf (o wait until the midnight intruder put in on appearance. 11 And >li«nt T cnt. nnd wfltrfipd for tliat blamed old ghost to conic, " he afterward Said, when relating his experience ; "but it was mighty 6low a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so 1 kept taking a nip from the Cottle, just to keep myself worm, and pretty soon 1 did not know any tiling until daylight; and then I found myself standing on my head in o hollow, and my feet up agin the straw stack. J must have 6lid off, or Mr. Ghost rainc along and knocked rue off for spite. Bui" — this with a snort of dipgust— "1 did not see any spcrrets, and I'll be hanged if I believe there is any; and if the follows tliat see so many would keep sober like I do, they would not see one either." Another man— a young one— did not fare quite so well. He had escorted his ladv love home from church, one night, and baa to pass the haunted place to reach bis home again. After lingering as long as be dared, be started for bis destination. The night was intensely tlurk, and to make it worse, a drizzling ruin hnd set in. Willi ryes and ears alert lie drew near the Fpcctrc's haunt. There was no way of escape; lie must po forward or hack; so muF tering all his rourogc, he cpsayed to pass the spot as quickly as lie could, llut just then he heard a slight sound, and stumbled on Eomctliinp lying in the path, which something, with ft bellow of affright, sprang to its feet and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghost-seer with it for a few yards, ond then dropped him, half dead with fright. How lie reached home the youth never knew, but reach there lie did in a short gpace of time. Then, when lie had re covered from liis fright, and collected his scattered senses, lie knew it must have been & calf that was the cause of his disaster; but liis thoughts were of the ghost when ho fell, and he was sure he bad stumbled upon it And now comes a strange sequel to our Strcplion's adventure. Some yenrs after- , ward, a tin box filled wilh gold and silver wos found under tlie very spot on which be fell; nnd it would bo very linrd to convince the dweller? ot the Run that his disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that the calf was its immediate and ostensible cause. 