CHAPTER IV. The public interest in the Denmark-street murder gradually diminished, and finally ex pired before summer leaves were withered : and dead, dying for want of nutriment; The crime had made a profound sensation, first because the victim was a gentleman, a man of means and position, and above all a man of unblemishedoharaoter. Next, beoauseitwasa shook to sooiety in general to discover that a - man of undoubted courage and powerful - physique could be assassinated in bread day light, in a deoent London street, amidst the going and coming of respectable working.. people, and that his murderer could escape unchallenged with his plunder. There were a good many leading artioles in - the newspapers upon the subjeot of Robert Hatrell's untimely fate, The Denmatk-street mystery was served up to the British public,. whloh gloats over all such mysteries, with every variety of journalistic sauce, and the British publio were told, as they had been very often told before, that they were living in a corrupt and degenerate age, that suon - crimes as the Denmark-street murder were the natural outcome of luxurious habits in - the upper middle classes, and unspeakable - corruption in the aristocracy, a depth of degra- - dation under a veneer of refinement whereby was naturally engendered the spirit of revolt in the masses. The British public were in- - formed that a wave of orime was passing over England, and that a savage lust of blood' and gold was in the air, and the British publio - were furthermore called upon to take warn ing by these monstrous developments of our nineteenth oentury civilization, and in a general way to mend its manners. These voices crying in the wilderness of ' London lite the British publio heard with but - a languid interest, The one point that did - Interest them, after the natural curiosity as to the why and the how of Robert Hatrell's - death, was the point that London was not ■ altogether a place devoid of danger to human life even in broad daylight, that a man might at any unguarded moment - be lured witbin four waus and stabbed • to death. There were some who argued that there must have been some dark spot in Mr. Hatrell's history, or be would not eo readily have followed an unl unknown messenger on the strength of a woman's name. There must have been something in the dead man's relations with the woman called Antoinette, which made it a natter of life and death to him to go wherever eho- - cnmmoned him. Otherwise, bearing in mind < that he was on his way to an important busi ness appointment, and that he had four tbon- - sand pounds in his breast pooket, it must heeds seem strange that he should be so easily ' turned aside, So argued Society, shaking its head sagely at dinner tables, where men and women's > natural interest in the tragedy ot human life sometimes gets the better of that good taste whioh would exolude suoh subjects of conver sation from refined assemblies. Summer was gone, and it was late autumn, and the outside world bad forgotten JBobert■ Hatrell—had forgotten him just when his widow was waking from a long, dull dream of agony to the reality of her irreparable loss! The woods along the Valley of the Thames were clothed in ruBset and gold, and Cliere den's glades were strewn with fallen leaves. The mists of autumn rose in the early evening pale and ghost-like along the river meadows, and the horses on the towpath and the ripple - of the water against the sides of the bargo had a ghostly sound in the obsoure greyness, through which boat and horses came slowly, as if moving in secret under the veil of' night! It was a mild 'and lovely'day at the be ginning of Ootober when Clara Hatrell left the bouse for the first' time since her hus band's funeral on the eleventh of July. 8bo had Insisted on following him to his grave in Lamford Cburobyard, and she had bono - herself with extraordinary fortitude through out the funeral service, had stood by the - grave till the last ceremony bad been per formed, the wreath of summer flowers laid in its place, and then she had gone quietly back to the honse where the happiest years of her married life had been spent and had gone to - her room without a word, save one gentle murmur of thanks to the sister who had been at her side on that trying day. Her sister followed ber upstairs, heard her lock the door of ber room, and after listening out side for some minutes went down to the drawing-room where the clergyman of the garish, the family lawyer, and Ambrose Arden were asssmoled. "I don't know what to do abont Clara," she said anxiously, "she has looked herself in heir room, and I don't feel that it is right to leave, her alone. Yet I don't like to foroe myself upon her, one cannot tell what to do for the.heat; ft may be better perhaps that she should be alone with her grief." /'Mia.... Hatrell is a woman of deep reli gions feeling," said the priest, "she will not he alone.. 8hp has been borne up wonderfnlly this day,.1 The same Power will be with her in the folltude of her room. It might he well "to leave her alone for an honr or bwo,Mrs, Talbpt. -After a period of solitary prayer she will be glad of the comfort of yonr sisterly love." ■ 'Yea, I think yon are right. I will leave her to hepselt for a time; poor dear thing." ~ ' elder Mrs. Talbot was an elder alitor, who had married six years before Clara made her dSbat In society. She had married a rising pbysir oian, who had now risen to the fashionable level, and was one of the most popular doctors at the West find of London. Mrs. Talbot had a nursery and a eohpolroom to look after, and a widely comprehensive visit? ing list, beginning with duchesses and dwindling down to straggling young, women in the musical, literary, and dramatic line. She had an exacting husband, albeit a -hind and generous master ; and shc h&d; so much to do and to think about that she had .not been able to devote any considerable part -of her life^to her sister's society.' She came now in this honr of mysterious and over whelmingoalamlty as anaot of doty; bat she was not altogether in sympathy with the household at Biver Lawn, had not altogether grasped the foil measure of love which had ruled between husband and wile, and thus -could not fathom the depth of the widow's .-sorrow. She had comforted a good many -widows in her .time, and her general experi ence bad been that, however they might distress their friendsby the intensity of their grief during the first half of. the first year of widowhood, they generally took their friends by emprise by their rapid reoovery in the second naif. Dr. Talbot waaone of the British Publio who opined that there was something more than met the eye of the ooronBr or the coroner's Jury in ' the relations of his deoeued brother-in-law and the. person ■ oalled Antoinette. Questioned searobingly by his wife on the snbjeot of his soepioionsi he replied that .the case was obvioaB enough to any one who oould read between the lineB; and with this ooonlt phrase Mrs. Talbot was constrained to content herself. There was no family.assemblage to whioh Robert HatreU'a will had to be read. He bad etood almost alone in the world, without \- any relation nearer than a seoond eomin. The second oonsin'B expected nothing from him, nnd made no sign since his death except in the way of letters of condolence to the widow. "My nnfortnnate olient made hie will immediately after hie marriage—or I should rather say that he ereonted his will after his marriage—for the will was drawn up at the same time aB the marriage settlement. He leaves the bulk of his estate in trnst for hie wife for her lifo, with suooession to his children share and share alike. At there la only one child, she will inherit all at her mother's death. Tbe will gives the trustees power to anticipate some portion of the estate, with Airs. Hatrell'a oonaent, for the marriage settlement of any eon or dangbter. By a oodicil made in the beginning of last year . Mr. HatreU leaves his house and the land appertaining to it to his wife absolutely, with power to pnrchaBe conterminonB land to the amount of ten thouaand ponnde out of the corpus of the estate. "He always hankered after Floresteiu'e land, poor fellow," eaid the parson. " Strange that he ahould have met his death on the very day when he was to oomplete the purohase of the adjoining meadows. The will leaves Mrs, HatreU free to make the addition. That iB a fortunate etance." " Fortunate!" exclaimed the lawyer, " Do you think she wUl find it in her heart to remain in a place so associated with her husband?" "I hope ehB will not leave my pa-iah. There are people who fly from a spot where they have been happy with those who have been taken from tnem—there are others who cling fondly to the soene of a vanishod love. If I am any judge of aharaoter, Mrs. HatreU belongs to the latter type, and she wUl remain in the home sauetifiei by au ideal wedlock." "I beUeve yon are right,"said Ambnue Arden in his calm alow tones, looking up from a volume which he had taken as if \- mechanically from the table hear his elbow. ""I believe Mrs.. HatreU'a gentle and adhe sive nature will find oomfort in familiar things—after a time. I should be very aorry if it were otherwise. 1 should be very eorry to lose so kind a neighbour, and, above all, to lose my dear little friend and pupil, Daisy." " Poor little Daisy I" eighed the priest. "What a blessed thing that she is too -young to know the extent of her loss or -the manner of her father's death." " That she must never know," said Arden irmly. Mr. Melladew looked doubtful. "Do yoa think thin.terrible story cm be hidden from her always?" he naked. " 1 fear not. She may be kept In Ignorance of the truth while she ia a ehild under her mother's eye; but when abe advanoea to girlhood and mixes with other girla—when she goes to sohool" " She will not go to school," interrupted Arden. " Any one would bo mad to expose 1 her to the tittle-tattle and folly of a pack of sohoolgirla. I wonder you can suggest such a thing, Mr. Melladew." "Well, we will say there shall be no school in her case, though for an only child that means a lonely, seif-oontainedt and not over healthy girlhood; but the time will come when she must mix with other people, and and go about in the world at home and abroad. Do you think no officious acquaint ance will ever be indisoreet enough to talk to her in pure eympathy about ner father's death, taking it for granted that she knonfl all that can be known abont it ?" " That is a long way to look ahead," eaid Arden. " I hope she will grow np a light hearted, happy girl, her mind eo well fur nished, her memory eo full of iutereBting things, that should the evil you apprehend ever come to pass ehe may be strong enough to bear the shock. In the meantime I trust that all her friends in tbia olaoe, from the highest to the lowest, will do their best to keep her in Ignorance of everything exoept the one faot that she has lost a good and affeotionate father." While this conversation was going on in the drawing-room Mrs. Talbot was strolling abont the garden to get rid of time, in aocor . dance with the Vicar's suggestion that it would be well to leave the mourner to herself for an honrorso. The lawn and river, the flowers and shrubs were in the perfection of their summer beanty, clumps of rosea, hsdgss -of roses, standard roses, dwarf roses, blush roses, climbing roses, made the glory of the long, rarr>w lawn, and b«tween the lawn and the river there was an Italian terrace w-th yewe and jnnipera planted at regular Inter vale, and great green tube containing orange trees in the intermediate spaces. There was a flight of atone steps leading to the river at each end of the terrace, and at the western end, with -its back to the setting sun, there was a sammer-hoose of olassio form, in Port land stone, a nummer-honse whioh'in Italy wonld have been marble. At the eastern end of the. terrace, and on a lower level, -there was a capacious boat-house, containing a : oonple of ontdggera, a punt, and a wherry, and .the level;'roof of ; this boat-house had been afavonriteloabgiog place of Mr. Hatrell and bis friends—a place on ■ which' to smoke and.talk in/the summer twilight, as the pleasure boats -went. by .to Henley. ■ . Mrs, Talbot Jhsdeeen her husband and the dead man sitting there In aloae confidential talk on a Bummer evening after dinner, while she and her elate re trolled up: and down the terrace, or stopped to feed ;tne white -stately swans and their soft grey oygnets, She almost fancied she oonldhear-the mellow sonnd of Robert Qatrell'a laughter as ehe walked there npw, with her back to .the boatboase. What a joyous, frank, expansive nature. What a happyllfe, wanting nothing that this .world can give of opmfort and .delight; strength, intellect, pood looks, fortune, perfect healf and a Wife. who. adored him: ■ And he hi been stabbed to, death in a shabby London lodging by. an unknown hand. -It was only three weeks ago. that Sarah Talbot and her husband. had been dining at River Lawn. They had gone, down to due and sleep In the very flush of midsummer, just to smell the roses, just for a few hours' respite from London gaieties and London smoke, as Clara had expressed it in her letter of invitation. There had been only the. Vicar. and Mr. Ardento meet them, the two men now in the drawing-room with the lawyer. They had been a most soolable party, fall of talk, Hatrell expatiating upon his plans for the arrangement of the land whioh was so soon to be his, and even in higher spirits than nsnaL There had not been a cloud in the horizon; and Mrs. Talbot, who loved Barley-street and ; all her London pleasures, had for.onoe in her life gone baok to town reluctantly. " It is ourlons. that Robert and-Clara. oan live like hermits in the height of the season," ehe told her hnaband. "But this morning, when we were leaving, I almoat envied them their quiet domeBtio life in that lovely nlaoe." And now the bond of married life was , broken, and joy waa gone like a dream when one awaketh, Mrs, Talbot was paoiog slowly along the terrace depressed by these thoughts, when a long shrill shriek rang ont upon the Bummer air; suoh a ory of agony as her ears had never heard until that hour. The sound oame from the open window of her sister's bedroom, the lane bow window, whioh was one of Robert Hatred's numerous improve ments. She rushed into the house and ran upstairs, but qniok as she was Ambrose Arden and the Vioar were there before her, and the former was in the aot of breaking open the door as she reaohed the landing. He had implored Mrs. Hatreli to open the door, and there had been no answer, so he put his shoulders against the panelling and wrenched the door off Its hinges. Clara Hatred was sitting on the floor in the middle of the room with a heap of her husband's letters—her lover's letters, for they had all been written before marriage scattered about her. She sat with her hands clasped upon her knees, her eyes fired, snd Blaring into vacancy. Her dishevelled hair fell about her shouldere in a wild oonfusion, as if her hands had been pinohiog and tear ing at it. Emily Talbot knelt down by her and spake .to her, trying to soothe her, gatheriog np the long hair with gentle hands, pressing tendereBt kisses npon her burning forehead, bnt she took no notiee, her eyes remained fixed, in that ghastly sightless gaze, her fingers were still locked together, in the same oonvnlsive grasp. " She is road," oried Mrs. Talbot, horrified at that awfnl look, whioh made her sister's face like the faoe of a stranger; " mad, quits mad." Jfor more than six weens eitsr sns tunerai Clara Hatrell lived In the darkness of a dis traught brain. More than onoe dnriog that period she hovered on the brink of the grave, and there were dismal hours in which her dootor and her nurses lost all hope. Life and reason were alike in peril, and there was many a night when Ambrose Ardensat in his study trying to read, but never able to leave off listening for the footfall that might bring him fatal tidings. Coring this season of fear he rarely went to his bedroom till the ann had risen above the long level meadows towards Henley Bridge, and after the sun rise found him walking in the lane between his cottage and fiiver Lawn. It was the dreariest time of his life since the ehort. sharp agony of his young wife's Illness and death. He had nothing to dietraot his mind from the onoe anxions subject which absorbed him. Hie little pupil had been aarrled off by her aunt, and was at Westgate-on-Sea with a bevy of couains, all older than herself. His eon's vaoation was being spent with the good, old grandfather, in Radnorshire. He had planned the visit at the beginning of Mrs. Hatrell's illness. Ths lad's company would have been irksome to him in this time of fear. He preferred to be alone to face the awful foieebadowing of a fatal issue by him self. Ho one oonld have helped him to bear his agony, the agony of fear for the life of the woman whom he had loved in patient subju gation—in euch perfect mastery of himself as never to have awakened suspicion in thoBS among whom he lived his every-day life— ever einoe he first looked npon her fair young faoe. Ho one had ever guessed his secret; not the hnBband, whose fiery temper would have been quick to kindle into flames hod there been not the slightest caase far jealously; not the wife, whose parity would have been quiok to take alarm at a word or a look; not the friends, who lived in intimate relations with the family: no one had guessed; yes, one perhaps had divined his secret. One pair of clear candid eyeB had read his heart. Once in a moment of expansion his pupil and playfellow clasped her arms round his neck and murmured in bis ear, " I love you, be cause you love mother," 