COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS. Br Ou> Bor. As the echool premiership matches will commence very shortly it may be as veil If I name the t arns and probable players. The Scotch (last \ year's premiers) are first on the list, and I find that there are ten of last year's team still left, Leckle, who has been elected captain, does a lot ot work, but be does not show up S3 well as Toms, who has the makings of a really good footballer. Morrison follows well, but he must curb his tendency to rough noes; he is a good mark and kick. Held, forward, is a good mark and goal-kiokcr, and Mill prove a thorn la the tides of many hostile back players. Murphy and Muxgrove are two good baok men, the latter being especially fast. Bond lias not improved much, but M'Leod shows better form than of old. M'Kean through his vacillation has given the committee much trouble, and bis place in (he team is doubtful. He tries too much handball, but' is a splendid mark. Of tbe new men, M'Kenzie In very good player; Armstrong, in the ceiitre, does m lot of fa^t work ; Anderson aud U'Karland enow de cided proficiency at the game, while Firebrace, Ryan,' Smith, Voung, and Donaldson, with practice, will be very good. I saw tbe team playing a practice game the other daV, and thfey showed gcod form, Totus, Leckie, Armstrong, Fireurace, ttortUon, Reid, and Musgrove all playing well. Next on the list came Geelong Grammar School.* This year, however, they have loat a lot of g.od men,, notably Parkin, Parker, and Officer. Of 'last year*a team there are 11 still left. These are Austin, Bowler,' Clarke, Gardiner, Graham, Martin, M'Klnnon, Murphy, Reynolds, Walters, and Whittlcgliom. borne of these showed very good form last-year, ftnd their efforts, together with the work ol new wen, should bring them into a (rood position. Melbourne Grammar School have only eight Ql last year's team back, but soma ot these , have im proved greatly. Pringle is captain, and is the best man for the position; his baok play is very good, and be plays a very fair and open gamfe M'I'berson is a good follower, and marks and kioks well. White plays well, but not up to hi* old form. He has acquired a tendency to funk, which muet be got rid of. Against the 'Varsity last week, however, he did not funk at all, but played about the beet game on the ground. Goldstein has improved wonderfully, and is now ? really good man. W. Langley i« a very fast man, and either on the wipe or roving will do a lot of worb E. Langley, Cane, and Buckland ail play well back, and Lempriere, Levi en, and Sa; cr are good though light forwards. Sutton, Dore, Osborne, and Howitt show fair form. Speuce is ,tt»e long kick of the team, while the Bevan brothers work .hardjn (be ruck. R. Smith is a doubtful player, but if he is included in tbe team it will be seen that his right foot has not lott its cunning. Of Wesley I am almost entirely ignorant, but I hope to learn something about them very shortly; They made a good draw with their "old boys," SO therc must be some talent in the team. Their best tneu are Kelly, Greene, W. Thomson, Mathews Kim berler, Johnson, Gstford, and Uylah. S. Donahoo ia a loss to ibe team, at his play was always eo brilliant and useful to his side. 1 have received from a Ballarat correspondent * letter stating that every one who played in the cricket match for the Holy Ghost College against the ballarat Colleee was a bonfi-fiJe student. One boy, whose declaration has been sent to me, has since left the school, to doubtless this was bow the error was made. Moreover, this boy was not the one who did all tbe damage, as Williams was the most successful bowier. Last week an error crept into my notes. Instead of Ballarat College the school should have been Vio- . toria College. 1 hasten to correct this, as the Ballanfe College were not tne school ooncernea. Last Thursday, May 29, the Geelong College twenty . paid a visit to Ballarat to play tbe representatives at ' the S.G.C., who have eo far proved to be the best ' school teim in tbe city. Ibe weather-was dull, bat fine, aud the ground slippery frem the run which . fell in the morning. The Geelong College started well by scoring a coal from a long Mck by A. Kearney a few minutes after the kick-off, and before quarter* ' time had obtained another goal and several behind* I In the second quarter the H.G.C. made 6ome good . rallies, and from a -mark in front bad a chance «| soaring, but only put up one behind. . The Geetana; > made better use of their opportunities, and at half* time had six goals 10 behinds to 1 behind. Bptb sides played much better in the seoond half, but the Geelong, by kicking with more accuracy, brought their eoore up to 14 goals 21 behinds, two or three of which hit tbe post, while their opponents' total m brought to two behinds. For the losers Field played splendidly, his dodging and running being remark' able, aud he was well assisted by Sheehan, Donaghy, M'Lean, Kinsella, and Noonan. Of the winners IL and A. Kearney, limine, B. Reid, luce, aud O'Oouno* I were most conspicuous. The goals were kicked by liming (4), lnce (4), Bell, M. and A. Kearney, Miller, Cowan,,andGlassford (leach*- Timmsand II. Kearney made eon.e splendid runs, the former also kicking well. The brothers Kearney played splendidly to gether, while Reid, Bell, and Gullan worked very hard. Iooe (forward) is one of the best forwards I have seen, his marking and kicking being excellent. C. Morrison, Suter, and Guthrie are good back me% all being very fast and sure. On the whole, Geelong College will take some beating. Mr. Upward is hard at work with the 'Varsity crew for their race with Sydney University. After mature consideration the crew has been finally selected, and steady training is being gone in for. The men were sitting as follows on Monday evening:-C. B. Retal lack. Trinity (bow); J. W. Thomson, Trinity 9); iiopkius (3); F. W. W'ray, Trinity (4); W. ^veale, Ormond (6); E. Champion (6); B. C. Frazer, Trinity (7); J. M'Kay, Ormoi-d (stroke). Ibe ooxtwain will be chosen from Officer (Trinity), Godfrey (Ormond^ and Gribble (Queen's). Melbourne Scotch College v. Geeloeg College. These teams met on Thursday afternoon on the Mel bourne IVioket-cround, and as the Melbourne Scotch College were premiers of last year's public school teams, though they were beaten by the Geelong team, a good game was anticipated. Those who went to the match were not disappointed, for a splendid con test resulted. The ball travelled from end to end of tbe ground, and at times the play was very fast. At quarter time the Geelong bad obtained 1 goal' to their opponents 2 behinds. Ou resuming the Scotch College made the game - very severe for their opponents, their playing together being excellent Ttie Geelong backs defended well, and by half time aeorcd another goal and 2 behind^ while the Scotch brought their score' to 4 behinds. In the third quarter the Geelong carried the nail forward, and from a succession of shots added ] goal and 6 behinds. Tbe Sootch College then rallied, and soon obtained 8 behinds, one ot which hit the post. The rest of the game was in favour of Geelong, who played over their opponents; who, however, made several fine rushes, from one of which their only goal was kicked by M*Kean^ Bell, field, and Miller adding one each for Geelong, the final result being-Geelong College, 6 goals behinds; Melbourne Sootch College. 1 goafs behinds.' For the the losers, Lcckle, Morrison, Peardon, Mackenzie, M'Kean. and Muigrove; for the winners, Morrison (back), K. Held, M. and A. Kearney, Timms, fl. field. Bell, and Qirilan did excellent service. Ur. Thcwli% as central umpire, acted in a most impartial and satis factory way. Hawthorn College v. New College.-A closely con tested game was played on Tuesday afternoon be tween the above teams, which resulted as follows Hawthorn College, 2goids 10 behinds; hew College* 8 goals 4 behinds. T JOHN and Samuel Boswell, brothers, were hanged at Worcester, England, on March 11, - for the murder of the gamekeeper oi the Doc d'Aomale. Both nearly fainted while going to the Bcaffold. Samuel, standing on tbe drop, . sang "Nearer, my Goo, to Tbee," find Jooq . moaned and shrieked until tbe drop fell. Several officers of the German' army ha*A ?' been punished, by order of the Emperor, foe ? cruelly treating private eoidiere. Lieutenant > Kluge. of the firockenheim Hussars, had been degraded and sentenced to three year a! ~ imprisonment for thlB offence. 