wtmruTioy of thk ue'v. j. x. ARMSTRONG/. The institution of the Rev. J. B. Arm strong, M.A., lafo of S. John's, Toorak, and successor to tho*Rjp£ W. Charles Pritclnrd, to tho cure of S. Paul's Clnr.-b, took placo on Friday evoning last in S. Paul's Church boforo a good congregation. The shortened for in of pMyor was uied iu tho florvics, after which tho Bishop dolivorod a short eormon appropriate to tho occasion. Tho basis of his remarks woro the words of S, Mark, 3, 13th and 14th vorsos — ' And Ho gooth up into a mountain, and calloth unto Him whom Ho would ; aud thoy came unto Him. And Ho ordained twelvo, that thoy should bo with Him, and that Ho might sond thom forth to proach.' Those vorso*, tho Bishop said, wore contninod in tho socond losson of tho d»y, and thoy wero strikingly applicable to tho occasion. Tho night preceding tho day on which Josus had ordainod the twolvo was spont in prayor ; and if Josus Christ did that, «uroly it was fitting' that thoy should meet humbly together to sook God's blessing on one who was about to commence a now chaptor of history — a no* chapter in his own history and a now ouo in thoirs. A noticoablo thing ii connection with the choosing of tho disciplou was tho groat difforonco of charactor amongst tho twolvo, and to tho prosont day it was also noticoablo how thoir Lord aud raster chose men of various gifts to carry on his work. Thus it was that none need ever fool dis couragod in tho work of tho ministry, bocauso ho had not oxactly tho gifts that anothor had, for Johus Christ had given them tho powors they had for Hts own purpoao. Christ callod tho twelvo to him that ho might sond them forth to proach, and that thoy should bo with Him. Could thoy say in this 19th contury and in this country that Josus Christ called mon to tho miuhtry that thoy should be with Him, when ho had gono bodily from this oarth and out of sight? Yes. The prosonco of Josus Christ with His ministers was just tho samo now as with tho first apoatlos. He was with thom to love them, to strongthon them, to bo a friond to tlrm. Tho apostlos woro al*o ''ckC forth to proach.' Tho litoral m:aning of 'proach' way 'herald.' 1 Preichere woro ambassadors of God, and it : was thoir duty to toll of Him and to load aonls 1 to Christ. B'jt not only in thoir pablic ? preaching was ii tho ministers' duty to load people to God, but in private lifo. Little by little, lino by lino, precept by prompt, they phould eudoavour to draw people to Christ. God's proachers had a distiuct mission aud commission. Lot God's people pray for them diligently and constantly, u)t that thoy should bo exactly what thoy (their people) wished thom to bo, but what Christ wished thom to be. It was by prxyor rather than by criticism that thoy wonld bo holpod | forward. 'And yon, my brother,' tho Bi-hop I continuodaddrossing Mr Armstrong, 'with those I thoughts with you of Christ, whoso herald yoa \re, and with Him for your sabjo t, you have a grand commission, a grand work. This I know you realise, aud God will bless you. May those thoughts of Christ aid you in ovory difficulty, so that God may bo glorifird, and that you in tho groat day will havo crowns of rojoiciug in your groatost and highest joy.' Tho institution, performed by tho Bishop, then followod, aftor which the liconso of the uowly appointod clorgyman as min'itor of the parish was road by Mr Thos. Roiu-. tson, and tho oxliortation pronounced. At tho con clusion of a short period devoted to silent supplication for tho Divino blessing to rest on tho now incumbont, the hjmu ' Como, Holy Ghost, our hearts inspire,' was sung, tbo bonediction was pronounced, and tho clorgy, consisting of tho Bishop, tho newly iustitutod incombent, and tho Revs, Bradshaw and Trickott, retired from the church. Aftor tho servico a convoranziono, to which members of tho congregation and frionda woro invited, was hold in tbo F-*oomasons' Hall, for tho purpo-o of giving the Rev. Mr A-mstrong an opportunity ot becoming acquaintod with bis pooplo. Musical selections, vocal and instrumental, woro rendored by a numbor of ladios and gentlemen, including Mr G. A. Shorwin. Coffee and light ro froshmonts woro sorvod round, and a most ploasant evening was spont. At tho con clusion of tho musical programme, tho now incumbout mado a fow remarks. Ho sin corely thanked tho congregation for their kind no3s to him that ovoning, which ho regarded as a charming way of running him into debt— for ho folt already over oars iu debt to thom, and asked for thoir timo and pationco to por mit him to repay them. He hoped his ac quaintance with those ho hud mot with that night would ripen into friendship. Ho camo iu the footsteps of Mr Pritchard, whoso now parish I10 hoped Lho gontleman would find in as good ordor as that in which ho had loft his own at Hay. Ho (Mr Armstrong) trusted that thoy w-,uld' woicomo him in tho spirit which was nocossary to exiet botwoen a minister and his people, and ho hoped that evoning was a sign that many workers would como forward if ho wanted them. Ho would not hesitato to ask for them whon ho did want thom. Ho need hardly remind them that he was not a stranger to Hay, not at all a stranger to Rivorina, and by no means a stranger to tho Bishop. In conclusion ho ex pressed a sincero hopo that ho would be able to succood in his work. Ho woald pray for his pooplo, and ho hoped thoy would pray for him. 