CHAPTER XVIII. A few minutes after he had taken his seat, Brisbane received a note subscribed on the outside " Important, immediate." Tearing it open, he read | " I have evidence that will clear the prisoner. I have long been possessed of it, but have been kept Bilent by Leiter. He made me swear that I would keep still, and I shall incur his lasting enmity and contempt by speaking. But I can not see him murdered for a strained sense of duty. I know that it is out of order to listen to a witness now, and there are particular reasons in addition to the usual ones why the court may refuse. Yet you must make the effort to get a hearing for me. I am Dennis Pond, reporter for the Chronicle. I have done nothing but work on this case since'the mur- der. If you cannot get me.a bearing we must have a new trial. There are exceptions which I B63 could be taken, even -with my slight knowledge of law.-" But of course r do not mean to make sugges tions I know Leiter has not taken you into his confidence. He could not without betraying the mau he is trying to protect at the cost of his own i life. I dare say you have thought him the common young aristocrat. He is a hero. I speak the truth sir, when I say that I can clear him. It is at a terrible price-God only knows what a price to me. But it must be done. I can read Leiter's fate now in the faces of the juwrs. And by the time McCook shall have finished, there will not be a ghost of a chance left. I am culpable, I know, for with- holding my information, but Leiter everruled me. Say nothing to him now. Only try to get me a hearing before the speech for the preBecution be- gins. "DENNIS POND." Boger Brisbane acted upon the advice. There was no time to lose, no opportunity for inquiring in- to the nature of the proposed evidence. He knew that his client was lost as matters new stood. There was therefore nothing to lose and everything to gain. He begged to address the court for one moment. A witness had presented himself who claimed that he was able to bring evidence that should establish the innooence of the prisoner beyond all doubt. Therefore against the order of procedure in criminal practise, he prayed the court to listen. The chain of circumstantial evidence now existing against the prisoner had little value, and he believed that 12 men could not be found whe would be so unjust as to condemn a fellow ereature on such grounds. Vet that his innocence might be established beyond all doubt, he bagged the court to waive the usual plan of procedure and give ear. It would economize time, it might save the state the commission of a crime, and twelve honest men the pangs of future remorse. This was a court of justice, and when justice came knocking the door could not be shut in her face. Without taking time for consideration the court replied to the prayer. And the reply was a refusal. "It is the judgment of the court," said Judge Barthwait, rising and leaning heavily against the desk, " that the case should not be interrupted at this point for further evidence. Were valid and valuable evidenco to bo had, it should have been produced in its proper place. It was true that the functions of the prosecution were not to convict but to see that justice was done. In the present case the state did not intend to fasten guilt where it did not belong. But in the judgment of the court no evidence could be admitted now. The defence had means for obtaining a future trial, should the evidence not be considered just, and the exceptions taken sustained." Another note was brought to Brisbane* " The exceptions will never be sustained. Can you send word to Judge Barthwait that this case will be tried in the newspapers to-morrow morning. That will bring him to terms. "DENNIS POND." To this Pond received a reply by his messenger : " I do not understand what you mean by bring- ing Judge Barthwait to terms. I certainly shall not insult him by sending such a message as you suggest. " R. BRISBANE." " Very well," wrote back Pond. " I will send him the message myself." Meanwhile LicCook had risen fer his speech. He did not once glance at Harry, or at Margaret, whose presence he was aware of ; or at the judge, who also avoided looking at the popular attorney. Upon the jury alone did McCook fix his peculiar and powerf tal eyes. He had a head that suggested that 'of an eagle. The nose was'slightly hooked, the lips thin, flexible, and fascinating, the hair inky black, and much longe'r than fashion dictated. A great wave of it drooped over the forehead, and swayed back and forward as he talked. The lids hung Slightly over1 the eyes» and from mnder them the black orbs burned with a fierce lustre. Though a man of a cold manner ordinarily, McCook could thrill himself and his listeners with his magnetic force. He could handle a jury in a manner peculiar to himself, _nd he was guilty of the vanity «f desiring to do this merely because of the exultant pleasure that the consciousness of this power gave him. He used compliment adroitly, and his manner was the perfection of courtesy when he addressed himself to the jury. His speech was carefully prepared. Some of its methods were cheap, but they were disguised by his warm elo- quence. He began by picturing the love the murdered man had lavished upon the prisoner, and pictured the life the prisoner had led. His friends were actresses, wandering musicians, men who made their living by their wits, and he met them principally at the restaurant, the fashionable saloon, and the green-room. What unsuspected habits of vice was it not possible for a young man to get into so surrounded ? Who could tell what pernicious influence, what overwhelming tempta- tion might be brought to bear upon a character, amiable and yielding? It was not necessary to tell an experienced body of men like that before him that actresses were expensive friends, and that they were at the bottom of many crimes. As for the evidence, the jury had heard of the quarrel between the murdered man and the pris- oner the night of the crime. The reluctance with which the trusty old servant, had given that evi- dence stamped it as true. He had told them also and he was corroborated by the detectives who ex- amined the house early in the morning-how the windows had all been found secure. The murderer had not entered a window. The looks on the deors had not been tampered with, as they would have been if the murderer had entered a door. The prisoner had remained from home all night. Why P That was a question to which he could not give a satisfactory answer. Being a man not used to vicious deeds, what more natural than that he should have rushed horrified from the scene of his crime, and only feund courage to return in the afternoon of the next day. He refused absolutely to tell where he had been in the meantime. It was very probable, waB it not, that he had been . with the person who prompted tho crime; P He admitted that the young man did not have the face« of a eriminal, and firmly believed that this had been his first crime. But he had a fact of excess amiability. Those who had studied human nature knew that such a face marked a dangerous person ; for while a man of 'that character might not originate crimes, he .proved a facile tool in the hands of others. But the. attorney progressed slowly. He went into details that the ordinary man wonldhave Been no bearing in. He dilated upon the character of the prisoner until it stood out in perfect legibility ,before the listeners. He begged the jury to mark that no professional criminal would have mutilated his victim as the murdered man was mutilated. That marked the frenzy, the madness of the novice in crime, who felt the taBte of blood for the first time, and became suddenly crazed from the exal tatiqn of it. As he dilated upon this possible mood its effects and its causes, the cold spring twilight closed iii, the court adjourned, and the speech for ithe-prosecution was to be concluded in tbo morn- ing. I Margaret's heart had hardened toward her father when she heard him refuse to accept the evidence of the witness who had come at the lost moment. 1 I ?' ? She felt that he was against Harry. Sie knew th»>t the jury was prejudiced against himjand she read McCook's relentlesB determination iniis face. It grew more and more difficult for her to preserve her calm, and though she would have likedto hare* raised her veil and sent Harry one cheering glance, she could not sufficiently command her fexures to do it. There was nothing but misery anddespair in that face, and that was no Bight for larry to see. Two or three times her head swam sd giddily that she feared she would fall. The ara of the little damsel was around her lovingly, Lnd the voice of the little damsel was whisperinghopeful wordB, but they did not bring much conjort. A great yearning for help came over the toor"girl." She suddenly felt bereft of all friendship. Her father was soon to pronounce the death ientence upon her lover. Her old companion sco|d* earn* cstly pleading for the downfall of his frienl. Mrs. McCook had come to listen to the triumph of her son. All the friends that had sought her jnd flat- , tered her were far away now. Not one of them had even thought to write her a comf ortiig note. The deep despair of youth settled upon her) Wild thoughts foreign to her healthy nature ttgan to rush through her distracted mind. Try las she could, it was not possible for her te banish the thought of the waters where they rushedaronnd the great north pier. The sound swelled in her ears, the beauty of those waters, blue, fleecy and white, dazzled her eyes. So deep, so swift, BO cer- tain, so beautiful were they. What better ser- vant could eternal rest find ? Shutting her byes, she dropped her head on the shoulder of her little friend and let the stern music bellow in her ears, while all elae slipped far away and life seemed a panorama of shifting shadows. On the verge of unconsciousneBS she was aroused by a touch on the shoulder. A messenger stood by her with a note which ran : "My dear Miss Barthwait, I am about to do a terrible thing. Harry must die unless I do. I will save his life, but, strange as it may seem to you now, by doing so I shall forever sacrifice your friendship, which is dearer to me than you can ever knew. I will tell yon something which I should have always concealed but for the present emer- gency, and I only tell it to you now, that you may know what it costs me to do the work I must to- morrow. I have loved you, Margaret Barthwait, since the first time that I looked into your true eyes. This love has not been impertinent, because it has not been ambitious. I have never had one thought that was false to Harry. All that yoHr love has revealed to me, all that I have suffered and enjoyed-for even a hopeless love has its plea- sures-will make life significant to me as long aa I live. When I voluntarily give up your friendship, then, you may know that I do so at the utmost cost to myself. More, I break my word, given honor- ably and on my truth as a man and a friend. But I take the cost of this, too. Harry must be cleared. Everything else fall, into nothingness. Forgive me if you can. Say nothing to-night to any one, as you value Harry's life, though Harry may be less to yon in the future. Poor girl, poor girl ! 'My heart bleeds as I think of you. I wish it were possible for rae to save you all this misery. Yet I have never meta woman so calculated to'endure the slings and arrows of «utrageous fortune. Goa bless and keep you through all dark ways ! May His spirit shadow you with palpable love and tenderness ! " DENNIS Pom»." ' The people were leaving the room. As the exsited crowd moved heavily out, Margaret saw Pond in the midst, lifting his hat to her with a mournful gesture. She bowed low in , return. Harry had been taken quickly away. The» judge was already in the ante-roow. She followed him and touched him on the arm. He looked down on her with a startled glance, but pressed her hand warmly. " I ana going home with you to-night, papa," she said. " Best not, Margaret. Go back to your own nest daughter. I shall not be good company to-night." "Papa, do not send me away! I want you terribly. My heart is breaking, papa. Let me come with you ?" Yet, even as she spoke, she shrank from him. She did not want to go with him. But she meant to use her influence. She had confidence that her tears might yet soften the judge toward Harry. No moral qualms withheld her. She was not afraid of interfering with justice. To begin with, she believed Harry innocent, and ih the second place, she loved him. Women have no compunctions about interfering wiih the course of justice where one whom they love is concerned, justice always seems like more or less of a super- stition t» him. She got the judge to yield at last, and sending the little damsel back to Walnut street, she rode home in the carriage with her father, The judge had never been more fascinating, and yet at all times he compelled attention. There was a com- bination of suavity and authority in his manner* *nd a beauty of diction and intonation in his con- versation that made it impossible not listen to him when he was present. As the two rode homd together, the judge drew the curtains of the carriage, and, wrapping his arms around his daughter, gave himself up to com- munion with her. " The house has beon very, v«ry lonely without its daughter, Margaret/' he whispered, fixing his brilliant eyeB upon her. ' ' ' " The house Ought not to be longer without her," replied Margaret. He did not look cruel, she said to herself. " Yon are getting very beautiful, dear," « he said. " Men are sure to love you-plenty of them." "Jdonttwant the love of men for anything," she said, stroking his browt " I want my love. I want Harry. If I cannot have him I will have no one. Yon are not going to take him from me. You cannot be so cruel, papa " ' " I must do what I-muBt, daughter. You can surely see that. My will ife not my own/1 " Papa, forgive me It X say something unkind. Bnfc I believe you had rather see Harry convwted than .cleared.- (Answer me truly-Is it not so ?" "No!" »cried the judge excitedly. "I hope to Heaveniihat he ¡will go free¡ It will be an infinite relief, td me if be does " ^ ' "Then," said Margaret,-",why didn't you accept the evidence *f that witness,?" > ( " For reasons,'my daughter, -that you can never know or understand. -1 These things are not for women-" - i ' J 'íEapa!\Thatfrom'yorçl.-TelL*ine the reason. Did you know who the witness was ?" _ ' ," I suspected,. He had, nothingirat a sensational story, v I ktiew. something of the matterOjefore. It would only have delayed the case to no end.'', i But all that evening, Margaret ceased not to-nse every art in her power to enlist the sympathy of her father. She sang to him, talked her <t)est, dilated upon the old happy life before the murder, talked of her courtship, their fntnre joy, her marriage. Did Bhe touch the judge P She could not determine. She slept in ker old room, and slept sound. The next; morning early she was awakened by the bursting into the room of her father. " Margaret, Margaret," whispered he, creeping up to the bed and raising one finger. " Sit up. Listen. Hear what the boys on the street are call- ing." Margaret sat np and pushed the hair out of her eyes. Some strange alteration had come over the judge. His whole frame had shrunken, his eyes were deep in his head, he looked very old. "They will cry again in a minute. Listen," said he. It seemed to Margaret suddenly as J' a black shadow had fallen upon her. Or as if a flood of angry waters were rushing over her and crushing the life out. The sensation of suffocation grew as she looked At that old face before her,- with his frightened eyes. The figure threw np its hands for her to listen again. There was a newsboy right under the window bawling the attractions of his sheet. " Morning Chronikul ! Full 'count of the 'sposure of Judge Barthwait. All about the Leiter murder. Judge Barthwait guilty." " Of what ?" asked Margaret, straining her eyes at her father in the dtmneBs. "Of the murder of Henry Leiter, Get up, Margaret, and dress. We must go. Get your things together before the servants are up." " I will be ready," said Margaret. (To be continued.) i i i .. i 