SOME CURIOUS INVENTIONS. —— ♦ —— A contributor to the New York World has been amusing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions stored in the Patent Office at Washing- ton. Many of them are amusing, and some decidedly crazy. There are per- haps (the writer tells us), 2000 toys in one division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll is patented by a German, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe which runs into the bottle, and, going into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out through the doll's head, machinery is set to work by which the doll begins to suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much the same order is the toy cow, which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. The inventor states that the action of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and he has in addition an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews her cud while being milked. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1884\. It is a cat of pasteboard or tin for the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture and it is painted over with phosphorus so that it shines in the dark like a cat of fire. Another cat, equally funny, is a patent sheet- iron animal, which is worked by clockwork, and has a bellows inside it which swells up its tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight caterwaulers, and it has in addition steel claws and teeth. You wind it up, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. There is a patent machine here for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her eggs on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, where upon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the Patent Office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cows' tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented adjustable false tail for horses. The lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same principle is the adjustable pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his height or lower it to suit. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The nose- improver is one of the most curious of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a per- fect nose, aquiline, Roman or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then creased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the improver is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful, but this wears off in a few nights and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you buy a different style of im- prover and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match- boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbers. After every great grave-robbery metalic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impossible to move it except by a derrick. 