A CRUEL JOKE. , At; Strafchfieldsaye on Saturday: night, an idiotic and exceedingly culpable practical joke was perpetrated, the chief actors in which should certainly not be allowed to cscape the severest;punishment the, law can indict. At about nine o'clock, as a moat re spected resident of the district named Mrs. Lowe, who lives a few miles beyond Strath fleldsaye, va3,' in company with her daughter, a young woman, driving home from Sand hurst by the main Sandhurst and Stratlifield saye road, and just before reaching the Shire Hall, they heard crie3 - of distress coining from someone beside the. rpad. . On driving nearer, they were'horrified to hear cries of " murder," interspersed with such exclama tions as " He's using the knife on me !" He's stabbing me!" The women drove close enough to see two men on the ground, ongaged in what appeared to be a life-and death struggle. One of them remained in the trap, and. the other Tan and gave the alarm at an adjacent house. The report that a.murder had been committed soon spread to Strathfieldsaye, and in a very few minutes the road beside which the scene was enacted was alive with humanity. Mounted-constable Ryan was promptly informed of the matter,, and went post-haste to the spot, but only to find that the two actors in what was then thought to be a thrilling tragedy had disap peared. It was at first stated by the woman who had been on watch, that one of the men had murdered the other, and dragged him into the bush close at h>\nd. A careful search, > however, failed to lead to the recovery of anything which would indicate a -murder. A hat was left behind, and this was taken by the constable as a clue to a solution of the affair, especially us o.thor evidence pointed to the probability of the scene being a, cruel hoax. The inquiries made by Constable Ryan soon convinced him that'the scene was got up by two ycung larrikins who live about there, in order to create a sensation. They have a name for having frequently caused a scare by assuming the ghost role at night, and in other ways raising sensations.' In this instance they seem to have gone through the whole per formance of a mock murder, even to the extent of one dragging the otl;er- into the bush after the £oi«ned act had been committed. Constable Ryan, anxious that two' such cruel practical jokers should receive coiidigQ punishmont, in tends to. b.rhig (k yharge u£ insulting behavior against them. Such senseless jokes should bo mot with severe punishment, for it is not easy to say in what serious consequences they may end, and it does not require any exercise of the imagination to conceive that in this ease the results might have been vpr.£. grave, especially as one of the women, who was compelled to witness exciting scene, is a sufferer fro.ni heart disease," and felt tl\o nervous shock severely. 