A FREE KA~tRKE,'TiT` The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is a "free mOarket." In other words, a "fair"means a nrkhet ut which all and every. may ourchase or not withlout b~ng subjeotod to . fee or tan, and alsoa where all no every can esll with out any such disabilities ss .attch to ordinary markets. At one tim thle fairs id England were great features in the soein and industriel life of the people; but, since the establishment: of railways, and the quicker ina communicoteon which has resulted, these birt hlave pretty well died out, amastterperhaps ifor reet, in some rspecrt, but inevitable under the chlase condition of the national fe, Here in Australia feilO are ntknown. InTudeed verylittleof the old ft.hioneld caethods obota8 in thesefastgo-a-headcJleoeie. life is not sco slow and lethargic as in Euroer, and businer is done with a movement ed force to which, even in this day, lew prfvincisl folik in the old country are o:elstooc! . This, h;owever, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as weftl as the awakened energies and intelhigence of the last half ~entury, Life, too, though longe:r in i'.T average thau our. worthy forefathers enjoy~ed, i. still too siort for slow or combrous' metihola; and the art now is sought in all dirertion to do:os o uch in nat hour an 100 years ago was accomalishol in a week. T?me, however, is not a matter for msarvol, If we ire at higher plresure, we obtain higher rewards, than the old folk could poooibly earn. The avenrge earning capneity, and therefore of rxpendituree, is a huadred fold greater, and is mor, equally distributed tlhan in those "good old days," whioh eentimentalists tare rontinually regretting-people, by the way,\ who are of similar sapless constitutioo to that of Lord 3anners who wrote: "Let science, learning, arts and commerce die,' But give us back our own nobility." Preople nowadays have moury to spend, and as educa tionand a higherintellilence have tiught themhow t? ":" spend it wisely, we find great establishment, esuch an For and Gibson's, of Smith atreet, Collingwood, springing into existence, whale purpose it is to aupply to a well-to-do populatioo, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinemenre of home life. " Herewe pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknowi in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the flirmrw have mentioned,. Itesar. Foy and Gibson' are; conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphie, though perhaps emewhat vulgur, expression, "it is a sight to do aore eyes good." Any theatrical munager who may happen past Hessrs. FoPy and Gibwn's great shops durmin the day .u?t, indeed, )rave a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people iuto and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to availthemselvea of the advantnages offered by Toy and Gibson to purchaseer during their great Pair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to rellet tha.tat alest 90 per cent. of these croawde are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become posessseed of one 6if those elegant mantles, of which esuch numbers of surpassing beauty and graeu are exhibited, will have a sweeter temperand more enoteonted spirit than Ias hitherto ruled her. The matron who has seemuer one of those splendid Brussels carpete at 4d. 6d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur. chased his smites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to whichhitherte, during hia shiftlesstlovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for-a reflecting observer to leook on [at the reaseless imtha end out - fr. of visitors to this ahow to' be insensible to the circumstance that these fairn serve a highe? purpose than perhapa ever entered into the calculav tions of the originators themselves. We do noat sa pose that Messrae. Foyfand Gibson, when contemplato ingthe establishment of these fairs, took into r?g. koningthe philanthropie aspect of the matter. BirL as a rule moral good follows upon all honomurable n. t?prise, and Mesars. Fop and Gibson when they reckon their profits,may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of ase in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolesrnfromthese fairs,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affrair8, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the lawsof the Medes and Persians. A tized systnem-result of long eperience--and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busni ness, so that matters go on like machinery, andt to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engmine. Some idea may be formed by those who have neyt visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their ea when we inform them that the frontage estenda o220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The great show rooms, flll9 with the eostlies of teminine. raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder I4: ghosts of departed belles assemble here o'nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering mateers, taste again some slight flavomr of the delights which once moved them in the flesh.? We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespeare' authority that there are more things' in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oaug ptilosophy, it maj' beon the sids that ghost" dee parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of Soot delights and mingle in spintual sympathy with tie? :.: substantial throng at For and Gibon's Fairs. 