■./.-■Twin nmom&Tm.; A Story of the, Imagination. By David Dalston. BE doctor was not the sort of man to give offence intentionally Even in private life he was much more need to healing than - inflicting tbem; aDd, though he might occasionally have to open a bad place in a neighbour's leg, be made it a trule never to probe the heart. Too generous ■to everybody, be was far from just to him self, and amongst his 6cattere& patients on She banks of the Darling, he had raised the .^reputation cf being nobody's enemy except jglis own. Had Dr. Martin lived in England, pre would have been to this day hoveing "between the surgeries of more fortunate ^practitioners, and the' poorhousc of some '.-provincial town. He had qnalifications. both pjiatural and academical; he had also the Otpld head and grey beard that no examining Aboard is empowered to confer, and yet which, young doctors who have not tell yon are in themselves a fortune to medical men. But nnlncidlv, as a kind of set-off. be bad also a large.red ncse and a pair af blood-shot eyes, i He was what might be callcd a bi-prodnct of \- the profession. Under no circumstance at home would he have "been more than what is •known as a "sixpenny doctor." Decent ^people would have closed the doors of their . ^ckTooms in his face. :*None but the poor would have swallowed hifi medicine. Yet he did; well enough for the Australian bush. ■ His. reuiedies were drastic, but his heart was ■ kind, and the "boss cockies" themselves were as glad of his company at all times as -.'ythey were of his advice in time of need. •' ? *_ Nuw Edward Winters, the new manager of , the branch bank at Warrona, having jost come to tbe e-n- ightxiurhood, aud being unaware Qf thet %j>i«ice vfaeld iu the estimation of most people ^jr. liis fellow lodger at the Grapes, saw before him, as lie sat on the verandah ^BBs^fternoon, the. blood -shot eyes that • p^fetiSLin -watering, the dirty hand with ihk^tUl* -dirtier cuff that was raised to \ Virushitbe significant tears away, and tbe %^Wr-^M^oed waistcoat that- Tose and fell in 0apoplt^g waves. And when the old man fetbt^an to^jSjtk- he made him understand nly heCQtild without being- absolutely ^P^eMhayj^li^rences were nncalled for. Mte^ hot^rer, bad met young fellows ^togland ^Eok, and lie knew, or |^>aghttn^tittkne^^ith hotrto measure them up and how to take them down. Yet there was something he rather liked about young Winters, "He has.-atleast, the appearance of a gentleman," thought he, "and maybe be don't know whom lam; besides, it will be desperate dnll for him with no one but the parson and the school master and this boor of a publican to talk to." An English newspaper was lying on the verandah. It had come by the mail that day, and the new bank manager having read it through during office hours, had carried it tohis hotel and thrown it down beside him, where, half-an-hour before, he bad fallen lazily into his chair. "(With your permission,';Sir, said , the Doetor, returning in the best of humour to a charge which most men would have aban doned in disgust. The young man pushed the paper over with his foot. Dr. Martin stooped to pick it up and then fumbled for his spectacles. But the sun was setting and it was already too dusk for the bleary old eyes to read anything but the heading of the articles and the name of the paper itself. " I know the place well," he said. " Dear me I Yes. Mosseaton in Hampshire. I ought to know it anyhow. You know it too, I suppose? Friends living there, eh ?" - " I had friends there once," replied Win ters deliberately. " You had ? Had yon now ? Friends in the loveliest village in the world, and your self ^ up-country town in Australia! Old Dives might say he'd friends in heaven. I sometimes think of the little chnrch there, and if it wasn't for professional reasons, and the sake of the boys out here, who don't get a good skull every day, though mine is a little battered, 1 almost think I should crawl home to banquet the worms of Mosseaton. The chnrch gates were never closed against a corpse of mine, Sir, and I've no reason to believe that they would be now. How were the elm-trees getting on when you left home ? I calculated that in my time half of 'em had been b track by lightiing that was meant for the parsonage. He was a boisterous old man —that rector. But he's quite now—gone to the ' meet' across the river. A happy hunting ground, no doubt, but a comical sort of1 field.' Think of a scarlet jacket, a velvet cap with a peak, and a pair of wings. Still, it's a lovely spot, and many a man I've sent to rest there Have a drink, sir—do!" Most men thaw a little under the warmth of oid associations, especially when the as sociations are in a manner picturesque, Ad they are alone in the bush. But, outwardly, Mr. Winters showed no disposition to relent. The. most he did was, for the first time since they had met. to appear interested in the doctor's conversation. Indeed, if the old practitioner could have felt his pulse at chat moment, he might have discovered that he was really more interested that he cared to show. He declined the drink, however, and sat with an air of moderate indifference whilst the doctor shouted a coupleof whiskies, as he said,' for the goodof the house," and then drank them both for his own good. " 1 was saying that I'd put many a poor devil to rest in that quiet churchyard," he continued. '• They should be grateful. Per haps they'll thank me when we meet—all, excepting the last case, aud I won't be so certain about his gratitude. 1 attended that man for five years, and, would you believe it, he died cursing me. The worst man, sir, I ever knew in my life, and, lor ! I've seen some pretty bad ones. He had a lovely wife, too, much younger than himself, or if she wasn't she looked it; aud 1 always say it's not what a woman's age really is that mat ters, but what she looks. She was the belle . of the country, and :there wasn't a young squire for miles ronnd but would have married her without asking a question. They never did live happily together, though. For months at a time he refused to look at her, and when she did gain his bedside, and, with rears in her eyes, begged to be forgiven if she had done wrong, and pleuded that it wa-.only a natural affection —I dont know what—he boat her off, and charged her with turning him out his home for the sake of bringing np another man's child there. The fellow was mad, of course, but I always though tthere was something in that, for the best of us have our moments of weakness, aud the worst — I count myself amongst 'em—have our periods of suspicion." Winters yawned, but the doctor went on, "(One young and queenly, remember, with troops of admirers, and the other old and lean, without a single friend in the world. You cant wonder at a woman, can you ? and Lady Winters was—was but a woman," he was about to say, when the young bank manager rose from his chair with a cry of horror. " For heaven's sake stop," he shrieked, " do you knew to whom you are speaking 1 That woman was anaxgeL 'She was my mother." " Your mother ! Impossible 2 You haven't a feature like her—like either of them, in fact." " I don't remember my father. You ought to know that if you attended him as long as yon say you did " "No, no, of coarse not," said the doctor, musing. And be, too, rose from his chair and paced the bruad verandah. Edward Winters was not what is called an emotional man. He had allowed his'-com panion to ramble on in the coarse of conver sation all through his native village without once interrupting him, until in the mental darkness that comes out of successive glasses of whisky the old'babbler had unwittingly set his foot down on a tender memory. At first, he was doll from indifference; now he was stupefied with astonishment. There had been heavy rains in Queensland, and the river was running " a banker." The greater part of the afternoon he had been watching ' it rush madly towards the ocean, idly specu lating on the number of sovereigns a minute he would have to throw out of the window to make the loss to his employers equal the loss to the country from such a waste of water. The scene had changed since then. As he stood now with his hands to his head, gazing blankly at the stream, it was no longer flow ing westward. It was rushing with stupen dous speed back upon its source, back to wards the Queensland border, back to the Darling Downs, higher and yet higher up the banks, over the adjacent paddocks, into the main streets, flooding the houses and rumb ling in his ears. The stream of the young man's life ha<l changed its course. At the touch of a hidden spring the flood gates of memory had been opened, and a resistless current was now forcing itself back upon him from the great ocean of the past. Often had he pazed upon it then flowing placidly on. Only an hour ago had he traced it from the rivulet upon one of whose boulders he was standing, and whose every turning he could well define, to the broad flood with ragged banks, and the hazy ocean beyond. It had not appeared a very dark stream then. Patches of shade had contrasted with bands of brightness, aud on the whole the effect had been rather pleasing. How different now, as it thundered back upon him its pitch black waves, and stre<vd the shores with skeletons, some of which he had never dreamed of, and others that he hadknown and loved to look upon in life. .Out of the general wreck, onie face gazed beseechingly upon him; one pair of glassy eyes looked more full of lore, and less wild and staring than the rest—{lis mother's. He could bear it no longer. Bushing away froht the doctor, who was stammering out an unheeded apology, he . pushed through a crowd of idlers in the bar to thestaircase that led to his bedroom. The door would not fasten, fpr the lock was .broken, so he ram med a chair against it, and then flung himself on the bod; land groaned and sighed alter nately. For Hlong time he made no attempt to grasp the situation. He was only con scious of aninwardpain, and yet so undefined that he could hardlytellwhtfherit belonged most nearly to the region of the body or the mind. It focusseJ itself in his heart—not the heart that theclergy speak of as being capable of moral developments, but in the fleshly heart, the organ that beats beneath the ribs of the left breast, and is subject to diseases coming within the range of the pharmacopoea. He pressed his hand against it, and tossed from side to side like some winged creature brought down from a height, and stunned by the fall as well as wounded by the arrow. It is a happy arrangement for poor humanity that pain has a deadening effect upon its- victims, and that even the seed of an agony must often die before it can be quickened into mortal growth. After a white he rose ami paced the room with his hands deep down in his breeches1 pockets. He flung open the window, and gazed out. The atmosphere within was stifling; without, the lurid twilight of the Interior was deepening into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps you have watched the son set over those western plains, and been dazzled and bewildered by the fine red dnst that, rising about that time, impregnates the air with a peculiar radiance, and imparts to the mind a feeling of strange repression, almost amounting to spiritual suffocation. Ton might be walking through a vast terra cotta model. The weatherboard township assumes a brick-like heaviness and hne, the trees might be fashioned oat of red clay, and the darkening sky is steeped in a sombre glow as unlike the sunset colours of any other land —excepting, perhaps, portions of the African bush—as the herbage of the back-blocks is unlike the meadow swards of England. The warm tones of the landscape harmonised with Winters' mind. He gazed at it for sometime with his hands stall in his pockets; then, folding his arms, he laid them on the window ledge, and, putting his head and shoulders as far out as he could, began to turn over in his brain, his red-hot brain, as with the prongs of a pitchfork, the phantom that broiled and fizzled within. At first it was qnite in vain that he chased the whir ing thoughts. They dodged him like a crows of imps. He made a lunge at one only to hook another, and when dragging the intruder off the entire army of fiends would round upon him in a solid phalanx. He might re treat and leave them. He had not sought the battle. They had assailed him nnawares. But that would be cowardly, and besides to little purpose, because they would be sura to follow him. No, he must face those phantoms manfully. The dinner bell recalled him from bis re verie. At that moment the sight of food would have turned him sick. He took an old slouched bat from tbe bottom of bis travelling trunk, s thick walking stick from one corner of the room, his pipe from a stand in another, And wheu the rest oE the guests had gathered round the .table, sneakeddown stairs and out into the darkness. Oil lamps twinkled in the quiet streets; a few horses, tethered by their reins to posts outside the grog shanties, neighed and pawed the ground ' impatiently; there were very few people about, and the moon had not yet risen. This was, perhaps, fortunate, for a bank manager rushing out of the township after dark, with hU hat pulled over his face, and an uneasy roll in his walk, to say nothing of the hurried glances he oast from side to side, would have looked at least suspicious. Following the main street to the end of tbe township he turned abruptly round by the fence of a butcher's paddock, and darted 6wiftly into the bush in an opposite direction to the river, for its gurgling waters aggravated him and he wanted to get away from it. The busb was silent enough. An occasional lizard' started from the grass, and here and there the footfall of sheep upon the dead leaves and rotten twigs varied the monotony of bis own quick steps, but that was all. The trees in the district were taller aud of more sub stantial growth than we see in most parts of the country, for the scenery along the river banks alternates between low, flat stretches, covered with no! hiug but herbage, and forests of considerable magnitude, where venerable gums, festooned with length of pink mistle toe at times, suggest the grey pillars of an ancient cathedral decorated for some great festival. It must have been at least an hour since he passed the last house on the outskirts of the township and he was still walking hard. He had since said that he knows of nothing that would have stopped him but sheer fatigue, or the billaboug, too wide and deep to cross except by a risky plunge, which at length stretched out before him. Tbe moon had risen, and as he came up unexpectingly to the water's edge, it poured a broad shaft of light down through a rift in the foliage upon the cold, still surface. He was certainly brought to a standstill now. There was a fallen tree beside him. He half-leaned, half-sat upon its enormous trunk, and. mopping the perspiration off his forehead, began to re-adjust the wayward thoughts which the exertion of the long -walk had drilled into something approaching discipline. What could the sfcranee old doctor have meant! Why had the fates decreed that he should meet, in the black-blocks of Aus tralia, a man who appeared to'know more of his family history than he knew himself. What a fool he bad. been to bring tbe musty old country newspaper home with him. The very mischief was in the affair from begin ning to end. How dared tbe old ruffian say what he did; and why didn't he shoot him on the spot for hiB insolence 1 That was one way of looking at the matter. For the moment he felt almost inclined to paw it off with a little cheap heroism, and after a good sapper and a good night's rest to offer the alternative of an ample apology or a horse whip to the offender. Sir Wilfred Winters was a memory and nothing more as far as he was concerned. He had lelt home mys teriously when Edward was a child—had been somehow associated with drawn blinds and crape hat-bands a few years afterwards —and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fact at any time, had he been a topic of conver sation between mother and son. The ser vants had spoken of him seldom and then always disrepectfully. Nobody had thought it worth while to implant a single sentiment of tenderness for the old man in the heart of the child. There was evidently a screw loose somewhere. Probably the doctor was Tight. He had been a bad man likely enough, and it was just as well that he - had not been taught to worship the image which was at length to be so ruthlessly hurled into the mud. This was all true ; but the train of thought which brought the recollections was bnt a momentary reeoil of the spring that had for the last three hours been press ing the life out of his vdry soul. The horrors of the situation soon burst with fresh force upon him. At all hazards he would believe in theperfeet saintliness of that lovely woman. Her memory, at least, was a tender one. It was hiB gospel—the corner-stone of his belief in goodness anywhere. No; though an angel from heaven were to whisper a sus picion of her parity, his faith would remain uushaken. His mother was above the sus "picion even of archangels. Then how dare his father disown him; how dare he charge his wife before a stranger. The thing was preposterous. Why, the man must be mad J The word had scarcely escaped his lips, for Edward was muttering aloud, then the blood coursed with renewed force through his veins. Mod J Of course be was mad. Hadn't the ^Loctor said so 1 For the moment he cduld scarcely remember whether he had or not, for he had listened with indifference to the old man's conversation until his family name had been so unfortunately dragged into it. Be sides, one .horrible suspicion had blotted out every other consideration, and it was only with a mental effort that ibe at lengthy re membered what the facts leading up to the climax; of the story actually were. Now he recollected them all. The doctor had said' distinctly that his father was mad. Why bad he not thought of it before ? Why had the folks at home conspired to keep him in igpiorance when the sweetest memory of his Ufe might at any""taonjent h*v? b$ei} wrecked for the want of Bimph like tha He knew that his father sd awaj rom home, and that for sev lib befo his name had not been so as men >ned there. As for himsel was so rang when last he saw him was w 1 the utmost difficulty that ailed a ague impression of the old mi e. Evi sntly he had been confined : inatic a lnm, and at last had died An ni apipy ending, donbtless, to an ric an i love able fife 1 Yes; Sir V Winte had died a madman—there ie nog asay ingthat. Sd ward felt itionof slief; almost a thrill of joy. ' arges pinst his mother fell worthless i groan Then he remembered i :ly an i jient in childhood that had h :ome i o his mind since its occurrence which aving been dragged from the d rich tfc levia than's hook, now rushed s reco ;ction and confirmed the conclt bat bii lather most really have been ix He v s ont walking with his mother fteruo i, and after wandering a long <« frot home they had sat down to re a gre i em bankment overhang wit vthori . A carriage and pair of hor rned i larply into the lane. Apparentl ras go ng to pass them. His mother v 1 it \t ih the utmost interest, not to sa; ety. Ls the vehicle approached, she gi the 1 ind of her child and drew him cl > her. When it came within a hundrec s shejseteed him bodily, burying his In herfshawl and rocking him nervously nd fs>. He heard the wheel go by, th the folds of the garment he sniffed t it, am from the carriage itself he heard >ise of coarse voices flung discordantly the air, and his mother's name " Em Winters " re peated time after time antmpaniedby jeers and boisterous lang WUen the noise died away, and he w eratdd from his imprisonment, he hac ed ilato his mother's face. It was st wit| tears, and wrinkles had spread t Ivee like an ugly cobweb on her asm lacid brow. Until now the incident hat ined a mys tery. Bat it was a myster >nger. The carriage was the vehicle in i the patients Erom a neighbouring asyln e taken out for " airings," and his fa must have been one of the hideous pic irty on tha} particular afternoon. In inot byany means a pleasant recollect ut by com parison almost cheering. Edward heaved another i: relief and sprang to his feet with theijonof walk ing back as fast as his legs v carry him. Indeed, he had already mok few paces off, when struck by some nhase of the question he staggered back {fallen tree, and held a pale and puzziefe up to the moonlight. His one anxield been to justify hiB mother, lie had! that at all hazards he must reason out tylief i*1 the purity of that fair spirit. A e had done so, but at what an awful f ce I If Sir Wilfred Winters was a mad and he was is reality Sir Wilfred Wint m, then he, Edward Winters, was, perh nad too, or at the very least an iucipiei oatic. The reflection was horrifying. ] okcd for a solution into the recesses o i forest, for help into the faces of the i. But one was dark, like his own fate, i red in mys tery, and the other blank—t as despair; and he cast his eyes hope' npon the ground. " Every man has 1 >urs of dark and bitter trial. Edward, r time has come," a voice hissed in hiB ( 'Admit one treacherous thought, entrea hospitably, banquet it upon your mothe lemory, and all shall be well. Cast that ight hence, keep her entroned in your hei ,nd f be wiil live, bat you will die—die ii mai hoase ! The choice is your own. Are pre iared V' " I am, even for so great a sac e," ie said, slowly and with terrible emp t. lis lips were ashy pale, his legs trc ed eneath him, big drops of cold sores xjoc on his I fal n tree, *1] n with forehead. He knelt beside and thought an earnest pray an expression of tearfnl resi itiol like a man who in the cause of lov id ■ ity had parted with something dear staggered homewards. It was late when Edward aws ne at a : se and morn time, lug. He was a sound sleeep and the cares of the previous ay, i olving no mere transitory annoyao, be a suc cession of grave alarms ana cul nating idea of portended death, hi tori ed his nerves to the point of exceve v irinesB, and when far into the nighjbe re 'ned to his hotel, be fell almost fating i o bed. Whatever may be the case jth ol( people, who are generally satisfied [ith 1< sleep, a young man has only to ike a ' ight of trouble iqto his mind and topll it r ad and round in the same orbit fori givei lumber of hours and he will soon gw tire< nd fall fast asleep from sheer fatigi Bui he first gleam of sunshine will brio the hlrtaches hank.- I I Edward was conscious of be semi foysical pain he had experienced onme pre aus day even before he vu sufflcici^y aw e to re* fleet upon the circumstancejtbat t L givea rise to it. Another momenfond tl arrows of memory, poisoned at h! hearlj blood, were quivering in his mip fellow! The night's rest ha him with a keener perceptiq of the dangars around hie view the evidence more might renew his determi •very consequence to believ holiness of that mother who gone to her eternal rest; lot do hat he wonld he could see "no was oat of e final conclusion t<^ which a judical scroti! of the facts inevitably pointed. [One ttjg was certain. He most deal doctor. The old man w sober then, and perhaps wie enonJ the dilemma in which he pad plan Net that he thought for a 1 raant could clear the horizq That was evidently ont of i .most that conld possibly < view would be a mutual explanlon, an ample apology, and a few tattles of hysrre— perhaps gratuitous advice as long ajhe was in need of it. Edward hail quite lade up his mind that poisoned ijlood wallowing through his veins, and thongfi at thattoment, with the sunshine streaming in thigh the window, apd the fresh morning bize fan ning his half-naked limbs, to say tithing of the restorative effects of a good nigEs sleep, he feltas sane as ever he had done ipis life. Still he had no doubt whatever thi sooner or later vicious symptoms of some kit would begin to manifest themselves, and tat ulti mately he would follow Sir Wilfid to a mad-howe. A terrible thought to go* bath with I An idea that did not at assist in the buttoning of his colls the fastening of his necktie. But q as usual, and walked into the brsakpt room with as little concern as be could [ell dis play. Most of the boarders haialready breakfasted ; a swarm of flies was flding on what sugar remained in a cracked ad dirty basin; a tall greyhound was moutl'a bone on the floor, and a pair of smaller <jgs were distributing all over the room the 4tty por , tion of a half-eaten mutton chop. Jsolitary stranger was in the apartment, ail he was ogling a couple of girls who had jnl ridden up to a store on the opposite side of Bie road. Edward rang the belt I " It Dr. Martin up yet J" he askef " Ho left by tnis morning's cq Wintar's," the waitress replied. j " Whan does ha return ? Soml day I" ^ | i ones erially nor in iresscd Mr. ae to " I think not, for he settled hidaccount, and «aid he could't: tell when he fcould be likely to want hiB roompgain." | Called away on an. nigent Jbase, no doubt," said the stranger, who had! by this time transferred his attention to Witters and the slovenly jgiii who served the pnpoeee of waitress* and housea&id; at theGrajM. * An urgent case, no donbt," he addedJ with a Cflri of bi« mowtA^heand • depnwiito of the lower jaw, indicative of supreme contempt for somebody. Yes, sir, very likely," replied the sloven. " Bah I girl. Why don't you speak the troth. Women are the same all the world over. If they can serve their purpose with a lie they will. They love lying, and yon go at it as if yon were qualifying for society Too know very well that Dr. Martin didn't leave because they wanted him anywhere else. He left because he couldn't stand being awoke in the middle of the night by a drunken wretch falling over bis boots in the passage, and then groaning' himself to sleep with at little thought for other people's dreams as he evidently had for his own." \- Tbestrangerlooked significantly at Winters and the girl trudging out of the room, the latter returned the glance with a frown. " An urgent case, indeed!" the fellow repeated with a sneer. "Look here, Mr. Winters, that sort of thing may go down very well in the township, you know, bnt it won't answer here. 1 know who you are, and what's more to the point, I know who you are not. Ton are not the son of Sir Wilfred Winters, Knight, of Hosseaton, in the County of Hants. It wasn't for nothing that I arrived at the Grapes late yesterday after noon, and walked on the verandah just as the doctor was rehearsing a titbit of family history. To be plain, with him, 1 may say that I didn't heari1: all, but quite enough to satisfy me, and 1 think, Mr. Knight, enough also to please your pretty Ethel " " Ethel Hayburo I Are you her cousin. Poor Ethel! I'm sorry for it." '* No doubt. It's a convenient relationship, you know. A fellow's cousin may jilt him for the son of some gouty old knight just out from home; bnt she's his cousin all the same. The reserves are called out and the big guns brought into action, but it don't follow that the cables are always cut. No, Mr. Winters, believe me, communication's going on all the same." t " I don't know what you mean," replied Edward, with an air of indifference. For the moment I even forget your Christian name." " Bichard — Biehard Hay burn, born in Sydney, bad the measles young, brought up to commerce; penniless two years ago, a balance at the banker's now, and a cousin pining to see me as X pass through ou my way to England for an extended tour in— well, sball we say in the neighbourhood of Mosseaton." With that Hayburn rose, aud sticking his thumbs in his waistcoat armholes, began to pace the floor in a lordly fashion, illustrative, no doubt, of the nobility of average mankind and the consequent worthlessness of a blue blood ancestry. He was a contractor himself,' known amongst liis own "sat" as the "plun ger." Nobody could be sure when they parted with him one day whether the next they would run up against him wheeling a barrow or riding in a brougham. Winters went oil with his breakfaat. He was really hungry, for he had n«t touched food since lunch time on the previous day, and it was now eleven d'clook in the morn ing. •' Thank you." he fcaid at length, as he left the table, "You've been uncommonly civil for a stjanger. I've heard your cousin speak of you. she cherishes tender recollec tions of your pleasantries, Mr. Hayburn. I shall see her to-morrow, have yoa a message ?" " Yes, but you needn't trouble, " I'll deliver it myself, good-bye." Winters left the room, and walked out of the bouse towards the bank, telling the land lord, whom he passed in the street, that he was going to Sydney on the following day, and would be away probably for the bast part of a week. "Ye'U have one agrayable tbravelling companion anyhow, Mr. Winters," replied the wily Irishman, winking with both eyes, and jerking his thumb in the direction of the diniug-room window. If you have travelled from the " far west" since the railway line was opened, you may have been struck with the strange variety of style in carriages with which the traffic manager endeavours to meet the convenience of all manner of travellers ; and perhaps you have thought that there must be some eccen tric residents in those parts, considering the peculiar tastes for which he caters. Eatih train looks like along list of samples, and the fairest thin;; to conclude is that it has been driven over the plains for three years in search of a buyer, and none having turned up is still on the market, and much the worse for wear. Edward Winters picked the dirtiest and meanest carriage of all. His magnificent acquaintance, he was well aware, would seek one with cushions and a spittoon at all events; and in that way be might count on freedom from annoyance for the first part of the journey at all events. It's a good time for reflection when you are imprisoned within four narrow walls, if they are even the walls ot a railway carriage and the train is bowling over the plains at the desperate rate of twelve miles an honr From his corner in the dirty compart ment Edward sat wearily forcing fresh links in the chain of destiny that had bo recently begun to chink at his heels. Outwardly he maintained an appearance of moderate tran quility. ' In reality he was on the brink of despair. So earnestly indeed had he fought the doctor's suspicions, so bitterly did he mean to maintain the conflict, that not only was a belief in Sir Wilfrid's madness essential to the position he had assumed, but he began to feel it no less a matter of doty than a mutter of course to admit the certainty of a similar doom in his own case. This was the spirit in which he raked amongst the embers, dirty and charred and dry a* they were, of the past twenty years of his life. Would a review of hie conduct from child hood supply 110 evidence of mental aberration 7 Were there in his composition no instances of hereditary eccentricity ? The difficulty was to know exact ly what was evidence and what was merely irrelevant coincidence. But he was going to be balked by no nice questions of that sort. There are timet— when a man is very desperate—that he insists upon discovering the worst, and if the " worst" is not bad enough, then at the bottom of his heart he feels dissatisfied. Edward Winters was in jusi such a humor. With the ingenuity of a criminal lawyer, he pressed the case against himself. One fact after another, relating more or less closely to the question at issue, came to light; cir cumstances that had hitherto appeared absurd or trivial, clothed themselves m un dreamed of significance. He sifted, and arranged them cautiously, and then with trembling anxiety argued eaeh point in sue-. cession. After all though, his life had not been althgether wretched, it had been grevi ously haunted, and now, as he. peered into the past, the ghosts came out of their caverns and greeting him with horrible jibes led him back to his father's grave. Thus the case went against him and the train bowled on. The gaunt, grey trees with their naked out stretched arniB, and those that were clothed with their shroud of colorless leaves marched past in a ghastly procession. To avoid his companion of the day before, instead of get ling out with the rest of the passengers for refreshments he fed alone in his cage. He smoked there too at intervals, and before night came, to his surprise, for he was a sober man, he disco vered that he had emptied his whisky flask. Hour after boor passed away, xtie sau bush country gave place to the forest, the plain began to break up into low bills, the townships grew more important, cultivation paddocks surrounded the homesteads, and at length as tha outlines began to fade and the red dust to rise once more into the air, lights appearing in the scattered shanties and glaring fires outside the tents, he dozed oft into an uneasy sleep. It was quite dark when be awoke, with a start, aB the train shunted with a jerk agdinst some cattle trucks waiting on a siding to be conveyed 10 the metropolis: To bis surprise he was no longer alone. Duriag his nap a stranger bad .entered the compartment. He had evidently joined the train at the last stopping place, for lie was still airanging his luggage, and had not even "disturbed the . .packages with which the opposite seat was strewn. They were almost in the dark, for the oil lamp which they shared with their next door neighbours was less effectually distributing light than shade. Edward rose at once and removed the obstructions to his fellow travel ler's comfort. The man thanked hinl courte ously, and having ensconced himself in a corner began to fill a huge pipe. "That's very provoking,'" he said, after searching in every pocket, " I certainly had a box of matches." Without saying a word, Edward passed half-a-doeen wax vestas between his finger and thumb. Again the stranger thanked him, and pro ceeded to light his pipe. The transient glow irradiated a bearded face with a pair of earnest eyes, and lips so tightly compressed at the corners that for the moment it was bard to say whether or not it was a' kindly face or merely one indicative of unusual firm ness and self-possession-. "I hope it's my only vice," said the stranger, puffing away with the relish of a man who had just survived a tobacco famine. "I suppose I could give it up if necessary, but why sbould I? Why should any man find a pleasure in whittling down the little comforts of life ? It is said that it's easier to sacrifice one's grog than one's pipe, and for my own part I believe it. Indeed, in my case I some times think that smoking's hereditary." Hereditary ! The transmission of personal characteristics was just then occupying Ed ward's mind to the exclusion of almost everything else. His lips quivered. He looked stedfastly into the speaker's face and enquired with gome anxiety, " Have you studied the question 1" "No, not the, question of an hereditary love" for tobacco. It's a mere surmise, though there may be something in it. The Irish must Burely inherit a liking for potatoes." The stranger laughed, and struck another match to resuscitate his pipe. Edward smiled faintly, and assuring him self. this "time that his companion bad a kindly face, xeplied, " Yon believe in the transmission of some peculiarities then—how about madness V '' Undoubtedly 1 brieve in the hereditary transmission of madness." The. young man winced; but it was too dark for anyone but himself to be aware of the fact. " Did yon ever hear of aa instance "She read hall the letter through, then paused to count the days to Christmas, when he had promised to be in town again." in which the child of a man suffering from i acuta and permanent derangement lived and died in his senses ?" " Certainly I have," replied the'new-comer,; " In. my experience as a clergyman I've seen many such cases, although as a matter of fact I've generally observed a tendency to wards mild eccentricity in most of them, and „ I shouldn't like to vouch for the next gener ation. Are you interested in the study I" Edward Winters had no intention of pr« claiming bis fears to the world. He felt that he was treading on dangerous ground and merely replied that he had recently met ■with a case in which a young man whose father had died in a madhouse, soon dis covered hereditary symptoms in himself; and added, " Now, supposing that young fellow asked yon for your daughter's hand, would you consent ?" " If I was acquainted 'with the circum stances I should certainly do my beet to dissuade him from marrying at all.; It's a difficult question to answer. It would all depend upon-;the symptoms; and after all it's a matter for the doctors to decide.. Is your friend engaged 2" This wasi almost toof much. .Edward bit his lips, and hesitated. "Perhaps Fm trespassing upon your con fidence," said the clergyman at length. " It was quite unintentional, I assure you." " Don't apologise," Edward replied. " Yes, I'm sorry to say that he is engaged." " What do you think of his state of mind?" "Well, oddly enough, nobody doubts it but himself,* although to tell you the truth . the symptoms as he describes them do look rather bad. Throughout his life, at intervals, he has suffered from acute morbidity. A change in the weather, a lack of congenial society, a slight disappointment, has always been sufficient to produce the most lament able depression of spirits. Then there were the fears of his childhood, fears . of ghosts, fears of robbers, fears of heaven, fears of hell, and one particularly significant dread— a fear of having committed what he called " the unpardonable sin." He wrote doggreJ, too, indeed sometimes even now yon might see his verses in the poet's cottier of a country newspaper. Not that that was bad in itself; but in his father the passion for versifying was uncontrollable. Indeed it was a very pronounced phase of his dimentia; so that, '' to say the least, it's a most questionable heirloom." The clergyman listened attentively. " Is he a religious man, or at least a man inclined to respectable morality ?" he asked at length. Edward shook his head gravely. "Ah! that involves still farther grounds for appre hension," he answered at length with a sigh. "For a while he was little better than a monomaniac, and he told me himBelf that in the end he gave np his religion, even-gave up attending a place of worship from a horror of being through a lack of mental ballast impelled to lengths of irredeemable extravagance in matters of devotion." " Tour friend's case is a Ifeast an interesting one, »nd \ fear * sad one," replied the clergy man, bestowing what Edward connidered*n unnecessarily searching gasse upon him. ~ A third passenger foundhfe way tothecar and nothing more: was said on tb(? rstibjefej^ though in the silence oi that fair'"Atatrali*® nighty as the train was standing the signals against it and the stars shining in. through the open windows, ydu might have heard a low sob in the corner of the-dingy railway carnage, and perhaps -even caught a sentence or two as it escaped thelios of Edward Winters.- "Oh ! Ethel, my Ethel,1 God bless yon darling," he mannered, "Little; do yoa dream of the sorrow this day has in store for yon: But it must be done. lean Bave you and I wilL'' . '■ ni. Ethel Hayburn walked up to the breakfast table that morning with the sweetest smile imaginable. "That's the sort of dish for which you have a never failing appetite, mv dear," said . her father as she reached out her delicate hand for a letter that had been thrown upon her plate as a pleasant surprise by one of her brothers. She had several brothers and two small sisters, for the Hayburns were a large.- and in one sense, a "growing" family. Ethel's mother was an invalid, and the- care of the. household had consequently devolved princi pally upon her good management. She was her father's right hand, and soft and gentle as was her nature, no partner conld have shared the responsibilities of his business with better judgment or more marked sac cess. He did absolutely nothing without her advice, and whether it related to a hundred feet of city property or to a purchase of arrowroot, she gave it, "for what it was worth," she always said, with. as much feminine grace as thonghshe had. been pass ing an opinion upon the latest styles in opera cloaks. " "Why don't Ethel read that -letter, in quired her youngest sister. " Yon spoke as if it was something to eat, father, and X always eat lollies as soon as I get them." ' .". " Even with your ham . sandwiches at luncheon for instance, my darling," chimed in her sister. The father looked up, and smiling, khow inglg replied. " Oh, Ethel's a woman yon Bee, and women have a habit of separating the sweets of Itife from the savories. Thafs why some 'womentake to the cloister, and others go into the churches to pray on week lays. There is something: too sacred about a woman's highest joys to share them with the world." , " And men. what about their iova V asked Ethel. " The majority of men. are incapable ot jovs quite so etherial," replied her father, battering a mushroom that he was about to swallow with a piece of steak. "Their pleasures axe for the most part pleasures of . the world—of the earth, earthy, my dear." "Or like Cousin Dick's of the waed, weedy," she suggested naively. Charlie Hayhnm, sight years old, with bib and: tucker on, laughed heartily, and, by way of emphasizing the joke, began to puff away at a crust of'bread that he had already nibbled in the shape of one of cousins Dick's favourite meerchums. "Your cousin will be in town during the week, probably to-day," observed the father, when Kthel walked with her arm through his to the garden gate. " Now. like a dear good girl, do your' best to make some re paration for the past. It is a crime to love a woman who is purer and nobler than one self? Youknow he loved yon." " As well as he could love anything but himself." " Aiid for my part I think it was the only good thing he ever did in his life." "And yon know, father, dear, that I would forgive him for everything' bnt that. Happiness would only have been possible under one condition, and that wac when he had dragged my life down to thejlevel of his own." "You might have elevated Dick, my love." This was too mach for anything. -The idea of elevating Dick ! Fat, lazy, tobacco-scented Dick. "You are really to humane, yon old dear," said Ethel, with a parting kiss. ''Most fathers would have kicked the fellow out of doors." When the servants had received their orders for the day, the young mistreBB might be seen strolling leisurely into the garden. She made straight for her old friend, the Morton Bay fig tree. Its'shade was pleasant that morning, for the sun was powerful and the .sea breeze was late in springing up. Her grandfather had planted that tree three quarters of a century ago. Her father when a boy had ornamented its stem with all manner of devises—mottoes, hearts, initials and so forth, and her brothers had added to the reportoire. Xt was likewise historic, of the exact height at certain ages—bnt the ages always are forgotten—of three genera tions-^ Hayburns. And it seemed to Ethel as phough before long it might become the standard measure of a fourth, generation even. She drew the letter from her pocket, ; and having thrown1 the envelope on the ground composed herself to tbe task of reading it. They were always moments-of in? tense pleasure—those moments spent over Edward's letters. By postponing the peroskl of them until she bad leisure to drink In the sweets of each line, she' somehow added more than b**kiut»resfc to their valut. >. -^TearingAJiem xjpen^iheendvas like draw ing theeork ofaged winetshe fancied. The epistiejbefore Jier was tlie best she -had ever ,had „'jmt successive .-one "was always - the -•best, but how unsatisfactory"after til,, how . \- far «bort of the joys of actual conversation. yShe read half theletter through, then paused to oount the daystockrfstmas'whenhekad . promised to be in town again. At last it ■ - was finished, and read again, and she was still sitting with it before her when the gate leading from a . side lane opened: and she heard a low and faltering footstep on the gravel walk. Xfc was not a familiar step. She never remembered hearing it before. And to enter by the side gate too, the gate that only he had been in the habit of using in the day time. . It approaelied to a junction, that of two patlie and there for a moment ' paused. She listened. It moved .on, bnt , instead of taking the road to the house door, it followed the path behind the shrubbery. Her heart beat quick.. There was something strange, almost .suspicious in that step. Whose could it be. She listened again, ft died away. It must have passed on to the newly planted flower beds. She will go ., straight to the gardener. As she rises, fir hand falls gently on her shoulder and a voice—a strangely altered voice gasps out "My Ethel 1" . Another moment and she was quivering like a bird in . Edward's arms: He . is ghastly pale, "and tearS are standing in his large brown eyes. * She is the first to speak coherently. "You are_ill.dear. That place is killing yon." " It's not the place my darliag. It's'the thought of yonjtbatmakes me.pale." . r She only shwk'har head and gaaed ri^ore wonderingly than everinto his face. "Oh Ethel ?":at length he buret out '■! am not the man I thought I was. I've no right to marry you, and-I-won't." '•'Why Edward,;*what do yon mean 2" she said with a staxt. . ; V v ;'T • "It would only pain yon to know my love. Better forget all about me." " '• ; — "Bat I insist npon knowing," she con tended, v^-° "You can't alter it,dear. It is a matter of family history. Tt has to do with my parentage." ?' " ' - -*Y' Bat yon are English. Yoii were the first of yonr family tp.^pme out to Sydney. Why should you & ashamed of ydurparent age?" ^ ■ .• '•'It's not thaf^, Ethel—it's something in finitely worse^ f would rather drag my own life out in irun.chains'than bind yon to my altered foriuaes^with the cord of^a poisoned .love." '-J-'-.';.'"■ This was mrtrethau she:could stand. She put her hands up to' her face anil'wept hit. terly—the first time she had ever cried in his presence without rocking herself in his arms. Edward sat beside her motion less. Another gate opened—the front gate this time—and it Was a fiat and heavy foot that trod the erayel beneath it. The color came to Edward's face, and Ethel, leaving her seat, walked behind the shrubs where the shade was dense. Nor did she appear again until Cousin Diet's portly form had twice tra versed the lawn.fand after subjecting itself to serious contortions in the presence of Edward, had disappeared for the ■ rest of the day. The lowers, fcr they wfere lovers still, re , paired to the house. Bitter tears were shed in a half-darkened rooiri. Kisses were wrong from a pale and'silent form stretched help lessly upon the conch. Then the great hall door opened slowly, and Edward reeled to the garden gate. * « . * * At Warrona people had began to talk of the strange ways of the new bank manager. The clcrgy had deemed it their duty tointer view' him. - Some of. the storekeepers had been considering -the propriety of removing their accounts. Even the police had been prarned to keep an eye upon him. Edward is still going mad. .Others migh^ tell you that he is more knave than fool, bnt he knows better.- Changes in the' weather affect him more than ever. On dnll days he only speaks in monosyllables, and when not actively et\ \- pased with customers,- sits moping before his desk. He walks by himself, and then only occasionally complains of nervous twitehinss in his muscles. Certain localities he excludes altogether from his rambles. Open stretcher of country and particular aspects of the town ship itself ^jars on his nerves,'" he tells you. He has difficulty too in concentrating his thoughts upon the figures before him. All signs of the approaching ends. He had cea sed even to kick against the pricks now. "It's only a questipn of time," he said to himself one unusually cloudy day as he sat alone in his bedroom after leaving the bank. ''Another year or two and. I suppose I shall be not only be resigned to my fate —I've been that all along—but perfectly contented with it." A knock tiame to the door. . He took no notiee of it- There it was again, and .this time the haible was violently shaken. Still he sat, silently stroking the hair down over hia forehead. Then the door waa gently opened, and an: unexpected visitor sidled -with''difficulty:into the narrow apartment. . "Excuse" me, Mr. Winters," said the intruder; *4>utfI?ve got some Jiewfi- tliatmay be interesting.". • • Eiward looked «p. Oace again in his life lie'Was surprised. Lately, he had been astonished -atno thing—barely interested, in fact,- in anything. " Dr. ^Martin J" he now . exclaimed, and took the old man by both hands with a kind of savage glee. Yes, it wM ^Dr Martin. The -man who had mixedthe-potion and .then disappeared mysterioudyseeniEdiohave come backagain just :in time, to give bis. victim' a decent. bnrial. / ■ a:•. . ■' " I f eared <as ranch,'' he said auxiouriy, as he gazed Into the pale wan face. " That was * § b%d night's work, bat I didn't thiqk you'd takeiwhat I said seriously. So fe& people* outside the profession ever gave hereditary disease a singlethought. I left Warrona in a harry lest you should ask more questions, for I'd had a little wlilsky, and didn't know how much I'd told you. And if it hadn't been for attending a young lady who is away from home for change of air, having jbeen nearly, killed by the heartlessness of her lover, I should never have given you the credit for thinking of anything but my unfortunate: allusion to Lady Winters, which, £ beg to say, is entirely without foundation. This, same young lady aroused my suspicions, and. here' I am to doctor you now. Everything's eome right at last Both secrets are solved. Forgive me and Fll core you in a fortnight."' " No thanks, no medicine doctor," said the patient with a waive of his hand. "Its too late for that now." ''This one dose aDd no more, I promise you no more," persisted the old man. And so saying he took a medicine case from his huge breast-pocket, and read out the following rather queer prescription, which he said had been placed in his hands by the young lady's father:— "Mosseaton, May 16th, 1882. "To Thomas Haybnrn, Esq. "Dear Uncle.—Yon told me to write'what ?articulars of young Winter's family history was able to discover during my tour in England. I think at last we have bowled hint out. How dare he pass himself off in Australia as the son of titled parents. I should be obliged if yon will inkum my cousin Ethel of the true facts of the case. They are briefly these. Hib father, a drun ken blacksmith, died when he was a few months old. His mother, unable to maintain a. family, sought help from the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken in haiud by Lady Winters, who. much to the annoyance of her husband, determined to adopt him as her own son. -Both Sir Wilfrid and Lady Winters have been dead for some years now, and their estates being encumbered with debts, nothing remains for the Australian adventurer. "Your nephew, . "Richard Hayburn." . *■ * * "What an ass afellow is to label himself a madman, Ethel," said Edward Winters to -his bride one fine spring morning, as they leaned over the side of the Flora on their :: way to Tasmania. *• You'll never do it again, dear, will you?" she said looking up into his face. " No. in future I am going to wait until other people tell me I'm mad my darling." " And you'll believe it then ?" "1 don't promise." 'Why?" '• Because that old bachelor with the 'possum rug oyer his knees says we look like a pair of lunatics—that all young couples do." 