BEATRICE. CHAPTER XXIII. A DAWN OF RAIN. By H. Rider Haggard, Author of “King Solomon’s Mines,” “She,”&c.; [All Rights Reserved.] That crash of the closing door did not awake Beatrice only; it awoke both Eliza beth and Mr Granger. Elizabeth sat up in bed straining her eyes through the gloom to see what had happened. They fell on Beatrice’s bed—surely—surely— Elizabeth slipped up, cat-like she crept across the room and felt with her hand at the bed. Beatrice was not there. She sprang to the blind and drew it, lettiug in such light as there was, and by it searched the room. She spoke—‘ Beatrice, where are you?’ No answer. ‘Ah—h,’ said Elizabeth aloud; ‘lunder stand. At last—at last!’ What should she do? Should she go and call her father, and put them to au open shame? No. Beatrice must come back some time. The knowledge was enough; she wanted the knowledge to use if necessary. She did not wish to ruin her Bister unless in self-defence, or, rather, for the cause of self- advancement. Still less did she wish to injure Geoffrey, agaiust whom she had no grudge. So she peeped along the passage, then returning, crept back to her hed'like a' snake into a hole, aud watched. Mr Granger, hearing the crash, thought that the frontdoor had blown open; Rising, he lit a candle aud went to see. But off all this Geoffrey knew nothing, and Beatrice naturally less than uothing. She lay senseless in his nrms, her head rested ou his shoulder, her heavy hair streamed down his side almost to his knee. He lifted her, touched her ou the forehead with his lips and laid her on the bed. What was to be done ? Bring her back to life ? No, he dared not—not here. While she was thus her helplessness protected her; but if once more she was a living, loviug woman here and so—oh, how should they escape ? He dared not touch her or look towards her —till he had made up his mind. It was soon done. Here she must not bide, and since of herself she could not go, why he must take her now, this" momeut. However r j °® re y f e ll short of virtue’s stricter standard, let this always be remembered in his favor. ..Be opened the door, and as he did so, nought that he heard someone stirring in ne house. And so he did:- it was Mr btranger in the sittingroom. Hearing no more, Geoffrey concluded that it was the Wind, and turning, groped his way to the sd where Beatrice lay us still as death, or one momeut a horrible fear struck him wat she might he dead. He had heard of , somnambulists who, on being artled from their unnatural sleep, only Tr.l- d * e - might be so with her. rriedly he placed his hand upon her ;_f a S V . es ’ * ler heart stirred—faintly 1“ „ eed > still it stirred. She had only en * le 6et *‘is teeth, and P acmg lug arm3 a ) JOut her, Kf te a her as slin f Sl . e ' ve >e a babe. Beatrice was no si?» ,T glr ’ * Jut a well-grown woman of full nntL: , n , c . vcr fe* l her weight; it seemed n .;i - n S }° h*m. Stealthily as one bent on door '“ ‘t murder, he stepped with her to the Bunn„ f- th r ou B'‘ *t into the passage. Then donr - er one arm > he closed the '>lonmV t 1 ns hand. Stealthily in the fwi ™ .Passed along the corridor, his bare fill U l \° noise U P°“ the hoarded floor, hom thrshttg?o e omJ e ° tiUg PaSSage leadiUg wwl? laUCed , u P at apprehensively, and there EaW oze t* ie hlood in his veins, for him, was' I \lr d f’" n U !'\ e j gl ‘t P aoes from his hand vv, G [ anger ‘ hoMmg a candle in baclttn i• " hat was t 0 bE doue ? To get that of n . . roD,n ' vas impossible—to reach an efLe? nCe ? aa also impossible. With bk e a ‘ e f ,- CO , ! e ? ted his thoughts, and that the emri Ig lt,t P aased ’“to his miud him a ro °! n was n .°t two paces from where , a,ld ! le had reached it. Oh, should he i 1 '? nd E • and i °h, if the room Was not u cked ! % a merciful chance it k “ockinir TW S - t6 ? P r d through the door, Work 3 fcet a fa ainsfc the frame had no time “ ld , 60 ’ olo6ed it— llo a *iut it he The M e l, 3t ,°° d g as pi»g behind it. Powers 'heha a light drew nearer. Merciful coming in m beeu Eeen —the old man was truth, that » °? uld he Ba y? Tell the such a 8t a - 3 al, j hut who would believe should scareeln W ly ’ ifc was one that he of law Pm,la ? are t° advance in a court Jieve itl_.fh.Yr he _ «Peet a father to be i‘ke a thief h , e . r fi,ldll, g a man crouched ?!Bht With hi 3 , lnd , a door at the dead of his arms’ '[lUl dau ghter senseless in going atrkinhi. e , alre ady thought of g straight to Mr Granger, but had abandoned the idea as hopeless. Who would believe this tale of sleep-walking ? For the first time in his life Geoffrey felt terribly afraid, both for Beatrice and himself; the hair rose on his head, his heart stood still, and a cold perspiration started an to his face. ‘lt’s very odd,’ he heard the old man mutter to himself; * I could almost swear that I saw something white go into that room. Where’s the handle ? If I believed in ghosts—hallo ! my candle has blown out! I must go and huut for a match. Don’t quite like going iu there without a light.’ For the moment they were saved. The fierce draught rushing through the open crack of the door from the ill-fitting window had extinguished the candle. Geoffrey waited a few seconds to allow Mr Granger to reach his room, and then once more' statted on his awful journey. He passed out of the room in safety; happily Beatrice showed no signs of recovery. A few quick steps and he was at her own door. And now anew terror seized him. Wlmt if Elizabeth was also walking the house or even awake ? He thought of putting his hurdeu down at the door and leaving her there, but abandoned the idea. To begin wit’ , her father might see her, and then how could her presence be accounted for? or if he did not, she would certainly suffer ill effects from the cold. No, he must risk it, aud at once, though he would rather have faced a battery of guns. The door fortunately was ajar. Geoffrey pushed it with his foot, entered, and with his foot pushed it to agaiu. Suddenly he remembered that he had never been iu the room, aud did not know which bed belonged i to Beatrice. He walked to the nearest; a deep-drawn breath told him that it was the wrong one. Drawing some faint consolation from the fact that Elizabeth was evidently asleep, he groped his way to the second bed through the deep twilight of the room. The clothes were thrown back. He laid Beatrice down and drew them over her. Then he fled. As he reached the door he saw Mr Grauger’s light vanish into his own room, and heard his door close. After that it seemed to him that he took but two steps aud was iu his own place. . He burst out laughing; there was as much hysteria in the laugh as a man indulges in. His nerves were shattered by struggle, love, and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merri ment. Somehow the whole scene reminded him of one iu a comic opera. There was a ludicrous side to it. Supposing that the political opponents, who already hated him so bitterly, could have seen him slinking from door to door at midnight with an un conscious lady in his arms—what would they | have said ? He ceased laughing; the fit passed—in deed it was uo- laughiug matter.' Then ho thought of the first night of their strange communion, that night before he had re turned to London. The send sown in that strange hour had blossomed and borne fruit indeed. Who would have dreamed it pos sible that he should thus have drawn Beat rice to him ? Well, he ought to have known. If it was possible that the words which floated through her mind could'arise iu his as they had douß upon that night, what was not possible ? And were there not other words, written by the same master-hand, which told of such things ns these— “ ‘Now—now,’ the door is heard; llark, the stairs 1 and near— Nearer—aud here— ‘ Now !’ and at the call the third, She enters without a word. Like the doors of a casket shrine Sec on either side, Iler two arms divide Till the heart betwixt makes signs, ‘ Take me, for I am thine.’ First, I will pray. Do Thou That ownest the soul, Yet wilt grant control To another, nor disallow For a time, restrain me now !" Did not they ruu thus? Oh, he should have known! This he could plead, and this only —that control had been granted to him. But how would Beatrice fare ? Would she come to herself safely ? He thought so, it was only a fainting fit. But when she did recover, what would she do ? Nothiug rash, he prayed. And what could be the end of it all ? Who might say? How fortu nate that the sister had been so sound asleep. Somehow he did not trust Elizabeth —he feared her. Well might he fear her! Elizabeth’s sleep was that of a weasel. She, too, was laughing at this very momeut, laughing, not loud but long—the laugh of one who wins. She had seen him enter, his burden in his arms; had seeu him come with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of his mistake. She had watched him put Beatrice on her bed, and heard him sigh aud turn away; nothing had escaped her. As soon as he was gone, she had riseu and crept up to Beatrice, aud finding that she was only in a faiut had left her t<? r.ccover, knowiug her to be in no danger. Elizabeth was not a nervous person. Then she had listened till at length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sister’s consciousness. After this there was a pause, till presently Beatrice’s long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon to sleep. The slow night wore away, and at length the cold dawu crept through the window. Elizabeth still watching, for she was not willing to lose a single scene of a drama so entrancing iu itself aud so important to her interests, saw her sister suddenly sit up in bed and press her hands to her forehead as though she was striving to recall a dream. Then Beatrice covered her eyes with hands and groaned heavily. Next she looked at her watch, rose, drauk a glass of water, and dressed iierself, even to the putting on of an old grey waterproof with a hood to it, for it was wet outside.]! ‘ She is going to meet her lover,’ thought Elizabeth. ‘lwish I could be there to see that too, but I have seeu enough.’ She yawned, and appeared to wake. ‘ What, Beatrice, going out already in this pouring rain?’ she said, with feigned astonishment. ‘ Yes, I have slept badly, aud I want to get some air,’ answered Beatrice, starting and coloring; ‘I suppose' that it was the storm.’ * Has there been a storm ?’ said Elizabeth, yawning again. ‘ I heard nothing of it— but then so many things happen when one is asleep of which one knows nothing -of at the time,” she added, sleepily, like one speaking at random. ‘ Mind that you are back to say good-bye to Mr Bingham; he goes by the early train you know—but perhaps you will see him out walking,’ 'and appearing to wake up thoroughly, she raised herself in bed aud gave her sister one pierc ing look. \- Beatrice made no answer; that look sent a thrill of fear through her. 01); what had happened? Or was it all a dream? Had she dreamed that she stood face to face with Geoffrey in his room before a great dark ness struck her and overwhelmed her ? Or was it an awful and terrible truth, aud if a truth, how came she here agaiu? She went to the pantry, got a morsel of bread and ate it, for faintness still pursued her. Then feeling better, she left the house and set her face towards the beach. It was a dreary morning, The great wind had passed, now it only blew in little gusts heavy with driving rain. The sea was sullen and gray aiid grand. It beat iu thunder on the shore and flow over the sunken rocks in columns of leaden spray. The whole earth seemed one desolation, and all its grief was centred iu this woman’s broken heart. Geoffrey, too, was up. How he had possed the remainder of that tragic night we need not enquire—not too happily, we may be sure. He heard the front door close be hind Beatrice, and followed out into the rain. On the beach, some half of a mile away, he found her gazing at the sea, a great white gull wheeling about her head. No word of greeting passed between them; they only grasped each other’s hands and looked into each other’s hollow eyes. 1 Come under the shelter of the cliff,’ he said, and she came. She stood beneath the cliff, her head bowed low, her face hidden by the hood, and spoke. ‘ Tell me what has happeued,’ she said, ' ‘ I have dreamed something, a worse dream than any that have gone before—tell me if it is true. Do not spare me.’ And Geoffrey told her all. When he had finished she spoke agaiu. ‘ By what shall I swear,’ she said, ‘ that I am not the thing that you must think me ? Geoffrey, I swear by my love for you that I am innocent. If I came—oh, the shame of it 1 if I came—to your room last night, it was my feet which led me not my mind that led my feet. I went to sleep, I was worn out, and then I knew no more till. I heard a dreadful sound, and saw you stand ing before me in a blaze of light, after which there was darkness. ‘ Oh, Beatrice, do not be distressed,’ he auswered. ‘I saw that you were asleep. It is a dreadful thing which has happened, but I do not think that we were seeu.’ •Ido not know,’ she said, ‘Elizabeth looked at me very straugely this morning, and she sees everything. Geoffrey, for my part, I neither know nor care. What Ido G»re for is, what you must think of me ? You must believe, oh ! —I cannot say it. And yet lam innocent. Never, .never did I dream of this. To come to you —thus—Oh, it is shameless.’ * Beatrice, do not talk so. I tell you I know it. Listen—l drew you. I did not mean that you should come. I did not think that you would come, but it was my doiug. Listen to me, dear,’ and he told her that which w.ritten words can ill express. When he had finished, she looked up, with another face; the great shadow of ‘her shame had left her. ‘I believe you, Geoffrey,’ she said, • because I know that you have not invented this to shield me, for I have felt it also. See by it what you are to tne. Yop are my master and my all. I cannot withstand you if I would. I have little will apart from yours if you choose to gainsay mine. And now promise me this upon your word. Leave me unin fluenced; do not draw me to you to be your ruiu. I make no pretence, I have laid my life at your feet, but while I have any strength to struggle against it, you shall never take it up uules3 you can do so to y.our owu houor, and that is not possible. Oh, my dear, we might have been very happy together, happier than men and women ofteu are, hut it is denied to us. We must carry our cross, we must crucify the flesh upou it; perhaps shall say ?—we may glorify the spirit. I owe you a good deal. I have learnt much from you, Geoffrey. I have learned to hope agaiu for a Hereafter. Nothing is left to me now— —but that—that aud au hour hence—your memory. ‘ Oh, why should I -weep ? It is un grateful, when I have your love, for which this misery is but a little price to pay. Kiss me, dear, aud go—and never see inc more. You will not forget me. I know now that you will never forget me all your life. Afterwards—perhaps—who cau tell? If not, why then—it will indeed he best—to die.’ It isuot well to linger over such a scene as this. After all, too, it is uothing. Only, auother broken heart or so. The world breaks so many this way and the other that it cau have little pleasure iu gloating over such stale scenes of agony. "“Besides we must not let our sympathies carry us away. Geoffrey ami Beatrice de served all they got; they had no business to put themselves into such a position. They had denied the customs of their world, aud the world aveuged itself upon them aud their petty passions. What happens to the worm that tries to burrow on the highways ? Grindiug wheels aud crushing feet; these are its portion. Beatrice and Geoffrey point a moral and adorn a tale. So far as we cau seo aud judge there was no need for them tb have plunged into that ever-running river of humnn pain. Let them struggle and drown, aud let those who arc on the bank learn wisdom from the sight, aud hold out no hand to help them. Geoffrey drew a ring from his fiuger—it was a common flat-sided silver ring that hud been taken from the grave of a Roman soldier—and gave it to his love. One peculiarity this ring had, however; ou its inner surface were roughly cut the words, ‘ ave atque vale.’ Greetiug aud farewell ! It was a fitting gift to pass between people in their position. Beatrice, trembling sorely, whispered that she would wear it ou her heart, upou her hand she could not put it yet awhile—it might be recognised. Then tlirice did they embrace there upon the desolate shore, once, as it were, for past joy, once for present pain, aud ouce for future hope, and parted. There was uo talk of future meetiugs—they felt them to be impossible, at any rate for many years. How could they meet as indifferent friends ? Too much they loved for that. It Was a final parting, than which death had been less dreadful —for Hope sits ever by the bed of death—aud misery crushed them to the earth. He left her, aud happiness ivent out of his life as at nightfall the daylight goes out of the day. Well, at least he had his work to go to. But Beatrice, poor woman, what had she ? Geoffrey left her. When he had gone some 30 paces he turned again and gazed his last upou her. There she stood, or, rather, leant, her baud resting against the wet rock,' looking after him with her wide grey eyes. Even through the drizzling rain he could see the gleam of her rich hair, the marking of her lovely face, and the carmine of her lips. She motioned to him to go. ou. He went, aud when he had traversed a hundred paces, looked round ouce more. She was still there, hut now her face was a blur, and agaiu the great white gull hovered about: her head. Then the mist swept up aud hid her. Ah, Beatrice, with all your brains you could never learn those simple principles necessary to the hapiness of a woman; principles inherent through a thousand generations of savage and semi-civiliecd ancestressses. To accept the situation and the muster that situation brings with it— this is the golden rule of well being. Not to put out the hand of your affection further than you can draw it back, this is auother, at least not uutil you are quite sure that its object is well within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the auger of the Fates, you are endowed with those deeper qualities, those extreme capacities of self-sacrificing affection, such as ruined your happiness, Beatrice, keep them in stock; do-not expose them to the world. The world does not believe in them; they are inconvenient and undesirable; they are even immoral. Wliut the world wants, and very rightly, in a'per son of your attractiveness is quiet domes ticity of character, nut the exhibition of at tributes which, though they might qualify you for the rank of heroine iu a Greek drama, are nowadays only likely to qualify you for the reprobation of society. What? you would rather keep your love, your reprehensible love which never cau be satisfied, aud. bear its slings and arrows, aud die hugging a shadow to your heart, straiuing your eyes into the darkness of that beyond whither you shall go—mur muring with your pale lips that there yon will find reason and fulfilment? Why it is folly. What ground have you to suppose that you will fiud anything of the sort ? Go aud take the opinion of some scientific person of eminence upou. this infatuation of yours aud those vague visions of glory that shall he. He will explaiu it clearly enough, will show you that your love itself is nothiug but R natural passion, acting, iu your case, on a singularly sensitive aud eth’erealised organism. Be frank with him, tell him of your secret hopes. Ho will smile tenderly, and show yoii how these also are an ernana tiou from a craving heart, and the innate superstitious of mankiud. Indeed, he Will laugh and illustiato the absurdity of the whole thing by a few pungent examples of what would happen if tlic earthly affections could be carried beyond the grave. Take what you cau now will be the burden of his song, aud fur goodness’ sake do not waste your precious hours in dreams of a To Be. Beatrice, the world does not want ymir spirituality. It is not a spiritual world; it has no clear ideas upon the subject—it pays its religious premium and works off its aspirations at its weekly church-going, aud would think the persou a fool who attempted to carry theories of celestial union into au earthly rule of life. It can sympathise with Lady Honoria; it can hardly sympathise with- you. And yet you will still choose this better part: —you will still ‘live and love, aud lose.’ With blinding tears and passionate beseeching, And outstretched arms through empty silence reaching. Then, Beatrice, have your will, sow your seed of tears, aud take your chauce. You may find that you were right and the world lings wrong, and you may reap a harvest beyond the grasp of their poor imaginations. And if you find that they are right and you are wrong, what will it matter to you who sleep ? For of this at least you are sure. If there is no future for such earthly love as yours, then indeed there Is none for tho children of this world aud all their troubling. CHAPTER XXIV. LADY HONORIA TAKES THE FIELD. Geoffrey hurried to the Vicarage to fetch his baggage and say goodbye. He had no time for breakfast, aud ho was glad of it, for he could not have eaten a morsel to save his life. He fouud Elizabeth and her father in thesittiugroom. ‘ Why, where have you been this wet morning, Mr Bingham!’ said Mr Granger.^ ‘ I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice; she is'coming home by the village,’ he answered. ‘I don’t mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could before Igo back to the mill.' Thank you— only a cup of tea—l will get something to eat as I go.’ , ? How kind of him,’ reflected Mr Granger; * no doubt he has been speakiug to Beatrice again about.Oweu Davies.’ 1 Oh, by the way,’ ho added aloud, ‘ did you happeu to hear anybody moving in the house last night,' Mr Bingham, just when the storm was at its height? First of all a door slammed so violently that I got up to see what it was, and us 1 came down the passage I could almost have sworn that I. saw something white go into the spare room. But my caudle went out, and by the time that I had fouud a light there was nothing to b* seen.’ ‘ A clear case of ghosts,’ said Geoffrey in differently. It was indeed a ‘ case of ghosts,’ aud they would, he reflected, haunt him for many a day. * How very odd,’ put iu Elizabeth viva ciously, her keen eyes fixed intently on his face. ‘Do you know I thought that I twice saw the door of our room open aud shut iu the most mysterious fashion. I think that Beatrice must have something to do with it; she is so uucauny iu her ways.’ - Geoffrey never moved a muscle; he was trained to keep his countenance. Only he wandered how much this woman knew. She must be silenced somehow. ‘ Excuse me for changing the subject,’ he said, ‘ but my time is short, and I have noue to. spare to hunt the “Vicarage Ghost.” By the way, there's a good title for somebody. Mr Granger, I believe that I may speak of busiuess matters before Miss Elizabeth?’ ‘Certainly, Mr Binglmin,’said the clergy man; ‘Elizabeth is my right hand, aud has the best busiuess head in Bryngelly.’ Geoffrey reflected .that this was very evi dent, and went on. ‘I only want to say this. If you get into any further difficulties with your- rascally tithe-payers, mind and let me know. I shall always be glad to help you.while lean, Aud now I must be going.’ He spoke thus for two reasons. First, naturally enough, he meant to make it his busiuess to protect Beatrice from the pres sure of poverty, and well knew that it would be useless to offer her direct assist ance. Secondly, he wished to show Eliza beth that it would not be to the advantage of her family to quarrel with him. If she had seen-a ghost, perhaps this fact would make her reticent on the subject. He did uot know that she was playing a much bigger game for her own hand, a game of which the stakes were-thousands a year, and that sho was moreover mad with jealousy, and what, in such a woman, must pass for love. Elizabeth made no comment un his nffi-r, aud before Mr Granger’s profuse thanks were nearly finished, Geoffrey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice, pale aud spiritless, went about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense that could awakeu her suspicions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. But at last an event occurred that caused Elizabeth to determine to take the field. One day sho met Owen Davies walking along the beach in the semi insane way which he now affected. He stopped, and, without further ado, plunged into conversation. ‘ I can’t bear it any longer, he said wildly, throwing up his arms. ‘ I saw her yesterday, and she cut me short before I could speak a word. I have prayed for patience and it won’t come to me, only a Voice seemed to say to me that I must wait ten days more, ten short days, aud then Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrice, would be my wife at last.’ ‘lf you go on in' this way, Mr Davies,' said Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with jealous anger, ‘you will soon be off your head. Are you uot ashamed of yourself for making such a fuss about a girl’s pretty face ? If you waut to get married, inarry Bomebody else.’ ‘Mairy somebody else,’ he said dreamily; ‘I don’t know anybody else whom I could marry, except you, and you are not Bea trice.’ ‘ No,’ answered Elizabeth angrily, ‘ I should hope that I have more sense, and if you wanted to marry me you would have to set about it iu a different way to this. lam not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her sister, and I warn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as a friend to be careful. Supposing that Bea trice were not worthy of you, yon would not wish to marry her, would you?’ Now Owen Davies, like most other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance, was at heart somewhat afraid of Elizibeth. Also, apart fiom matters connected \vith his insane passion, he was very fairly shrewd. He suspected Elizabeth of something, he did uot know of wlnvt. ‘ No, no, of course not,' he said. ‘Of course Twould not marry her if she was not fit to be my wife—but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good afternoon, Mis3 Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now. It canuot go on much longer. My prayers will ..be answered, I know they will.’ ‘You are right there, Owen Davies,’ thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say con tempt. ‘ Y°ur prayers shall be answered in a way that will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and yon shall marry mo. The fish Ims been on the liue long enough; uow I must begin to pull in.’ Curiously enough it never really occurred to Elizibeth that Beatrice herself might prove to be the true obstacle to the mar riage she plotted to prevent. She knew that her sister was fond of Geoffiey Bing ham, but that, when it came to the point, she would absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for one momeut believed. Of course she thought it was possible that if Beatrice could get possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vnlgnr stan dard, Elizabeth Was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not seem'possible that what was so precious in her own eyes might be valueless aud even hateful in those of her sister. As for that little miduight incident, well, it was one thing and mar riage was another. People forget such' events when they marry; sometimes they oven marry in order to forget them. Yes, she must strike, but how ? Eliza beth had feeliugs like other people. She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but she would much prefer that it should not be kuowu that hers was the hand to cut her down. Of course, if the worst came to the worst, she must do so. Meanwhile, might not a substitute bo fouud —some- body in whom the act would seem not one of vengeance, but of virtue? All .1 she lmd it—Lady Honoria! Who eonlil bo better for such a purpose than the cruelly injured wife ? But then how should .she communi cate the facts to her ladyship withont involving herself ? Again she hit upon a device much favored by such people— “un vieux true mais- tonjours bon”—the pristine one of au anonymous letter, which has the startling 'merit of not committing anybody to anything. Au anonymous letter, to all appearance written by a servant: it was the very thing. Most likely it would result in a searching enquiry by Lady Honoria, iu which event Elizabeth would, of course, against h'er will, be forced to say what she knew; almpst certainly it would result iu a quarrel between husband and wife, which might induce the former to show his hand, or even to .take some open step as regards Beatrice. She was Borry for Geoffrey, ngaiust whom she had no ill feeling, but it could not be helped; he must be sacrificed. _ - That very evening” she wrote her letter and sent it to be posted by an old servant I living iu Lomlun. Is whs it masterpiece in its way, especially phouctically. This pre cious epistle, which was most exceedingly ill writ in a large coarse hand, ran thus:— “ My LADY, —My consence dm vs me to it, mubh again my will. I’ve tried hard, iny ladi, not to speek, first acorst of miss B. as i lieve kuowed good and peur and also for tlie sakes of your evil usband that wulf in sheeps clothiu.. But when i think on you my ladi. a lorful legel. wife, gud and virtus and peur and of the things as i hev seen which is enough to bring a blush to the face of a stater, I knows it is my holy dooty to rite your ladishipp as. follers. Your ladishipp forgif me but on the nite of whitsundey last Miss B. Grainger wiut after midnite into the room of your bad husband—as I was to mi sham ther to se. Afterward more nor an hour, she cum out agin bein carred in his hurines. And if your ladishipp dont believ me, let your ladishipp rite to miss elizabeth, as had this same misfortune to see as your tru fiend, “ The Riter.” (To be. continued.) 