Sfotks and jjf feefafag. [NOW nSSI PUBLISHES.] BY ORDER OF THE CZ4R. THE TRAGIC STORY OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QDEKN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of ' Cruel jjondon,' '* The Three EecraitB^ 'John Needham's Double,' &c; [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] PABTIV. Chapter II.— Oslt a Womaf. Philip Foreyth's mad infatuation would have confirmed him* as Femuri put it, body and soul a member of the Brotherhood, bat for the persistent opposition of the Countess Stravensky. If Philip did not take the final oath he was, nevertheless, accepted as an auxiliary of the associati--n. It was only for conscience sake that the Countess resisted this last act of the young artist's wild devotion. As she put it to her comrades, he was sufficiently their ally without completing the treaty of secrecy and (service. Ferrari saw in this act of friendship, not to say love, the first sign of weakness in Anna's f^n.rfi'tpr. tt did Dot occur to him that she had achieved the work of vengeance which had stimulated and held together her alliance with the brotherhood. Since the Ghost of the Lagoon had cast its lurid shadow upon Russian despotism, the Countess Stravensky had found little room in tier heart for thoughts and feelings which hitherto had been engrossed in the one idea of her resurrection from death and torment in the Cnronva Hospital; On t&to; eve of that mroreme act of venseance [n the Venetian palace, Anna had been strangely moved, as we have already seen, by the infatuation of Philip Foreyth; not so much on bis account a* for the memories which it revived of her happy girlhood. She had in lonely momenta seen in this boyish love of toe English artist something like a spiritual resuscitation of the youthful Babbi i*tin8kL Her thoughts, which for years had only gone back to the village of Cnronva with shuddering remembrances of its tragic overthrow, now* found opportunities for contemplating the light and sweetness which preceded the advent ol the Governor Petrono vitoh. She had permitted her fancy to wander back to the great house at the en trance of the Ghetto, the Jewish celebrations of leaves end flowers and harvest, of births ?L*id AmatHtK. ftf r+Aitriemm imttitntiftn* and customs. 8be saw herself a chad, sitting at her mother's knee, and weeping at her another's grave; noted how quickly In her infant mind this latter memory had mellowed with time into an engrossing affection for her father, giving her almost womanly duties in her girlhood, and offering her sympathies to wards everv soul in the Ghetto. Even on the first day of her arrival to fulfil what to her iw « sacred mission at Venice, she had eat for hours silentiy in her red gondola dreaming of tins happy past, in the one model Jewish village of that great Empire, where the fires tif revolt and persecution are for ever smouldering with threatening and awful possibilities. Ferrari, with the instinct of his race and the subtle understanding of the born con spirator, felt (that Anna's sympathy for Philip Forsyth boded no good to tbe cause. He ventured to say bo, both to Philip and to Anna herself. ? Afiim «n-ggp»fl him with reference to tbe ?nocBBsful incident of the movement with which she had been associated ; dwelt upon the tremendous sensation that had been created in tbe courts of Europe by the vengeance of Venice ; and confessed that she could not find it an ber heart to make the one ?great sacrifice he now demanded of her, to cast off Philis Fonvth. *' If I could cut him off from us,' Bhe said, ' with the assurance that he would return to his home and duty, you might count upon me. Cat it Is bis misfortune to have fallen under some strange spell which we possess.' *' Which you possess,' eaid Ferrari. ' It is all the same,' she said. ' My minion, be claims, is his mission. I do not disguise from myself that he is mad ; but I find in his companionship a strange pleasure.' 'To confess which,' said Ferrari, 'is to confess that you ate no longer tree to the brotherhood. ' True !' she exclaimed. ** Do you then impeach me ? In what respect am I untrue ?' 'You know,' Bald Ferrari, 'thityou are the first woman I have trusted. You know that I have always been opposed to confiding our Bection of the brotherhood to the con* 'In which yon are,' said the Countess, 'illogical. Was it not Sophie Provskaya who gave the signal for Ryeakovie attack bated?' M But which,' rejoined Ferrari, ' yon most 'I?n she exclaimed. ' Bare you not,' be said, ' changed oar latest programme ? Have you not more than once dec. .red * we are conspirators, bat not assassins ?' Have you not repudiated the term Nihilist, as it is applied to the party of revolution and reform in Europe ?' 41 For a foolish word,' she eaid, ' which does not interpret us or our ambition. Do I . repudiate (he rising we hope for ? Do I not rejoice in the coming revolt of the Army? Do I cot glory in the agrarian fires of the peasant T Do I pause at an act of vengntvnee ? a life for a life? Ask me to rival Sophie Provskaya, the risk of my own life for the Annihilation of a thousand Petmnoritches, one by«ne or in companies, and I am equal to the occasion ; but cart me for a dynamite plot, involving the lives of innocent people, and leading to no political result, bat assuredly to be followed by the execution of some of oar own comrades, and I resist I' 'Bnt,' eaid Ferrari, 'given the great result, given the signal for a general upheavel, for the rallying of the great forces of revolution, the overthrow of a vile and bloody tyranny, the establishment of a constitution, in Bhort, for the fulfilment of the great and glorious programme of constitutional liberty and national freedom — what then ?' ' Assure me of this, Ferrari, and I am with yon. Assure me that we may hope, in one ;ic«» oavtuiW| uu uioak we mr ?—?*'? wuuuw, and at the same time to bring oar brothers and sitters to the promised land, flowing with milk and honey, and I am with yon. Bnt yoa must convince me, Ferrari; otherwise, dear friend, I pause with the victory of Venice ; and could I forecast the end of all for me, I would ask no other blessing than to die in my father's arms away in his Siberian captivity. Nay, do not start, Ferrari ; I could say this to no other. You remember the good, generous, kindly merchant ; the devoted father, the staonch frieud, the martyr?' ** Then you have heard,' said Ferrari, calmly, ' from your father t ' ' Not from him but of him/1 she said, a melancholy smile stealing over her pale features. *' The despatch you received in Paris ?' said Ferrari. ' The same. It came through the Russian Ambassador. ' ?'The one secret you have withheld from me^n eaid Ferrari. ' Not withheld,*1 said the Countess, ' only postponed. The influence of the Count Stra vensky, my dear friend and successor, was beneficial It gave my father means ; ft Petersburg. Not at once ? Oh, no ! It took three years before relief of any kind came to him ; four years, five years, six, — and to-day, Ferrari, be is in his own peaceful rooms in an agricultural village away beyond the mountains, tended by a Siberian servant, and resigned, waiting for the end. Ab yon so long regarded him as dead to me, as I have so long accepted that position, so he has regarded us, —dead, Ferrari, dead ! If I should see him again it would be a foretaste of Paradise for Him. for me nerhant *' *' It is this romantic attachment of yours to Forsyth that has unnerved you.' 'Then I thank him for it, on my knees, Ferrari. If he has relighted that banian lamp within my breast which shows me the past in the present, what humanly £ was, then thank God, Ferrari, for His inter position.'' 'So it do not cast its betraying light upon the forthcoming enterprise of the brotherhood, I am willing to say * Amen * to that. I can find in my own heart, Anna Klosstock, one drop of patience, when I remember that it was I who brought down upon your father's bouse tbe hand of persecution and mnrder ; that it was I who made the trail of death, of the eword and fire which the Christian friends followed to the peaceful streets of the Gnronva settlement.'' ' Yoa hare had your revenge, Ferrari, and I mine.' ' No, no, my sister. I have no love-tokens of the past, no young English woman to revive it if I had. Hy vengeance is never complete. No woman can come between me and my oath, between me -and my righteous ambition, between me and my sacred daty, as Philip Forsyth comes between me and yours.' '1 will not nave it so, rerran; ana j. claim your firm and faithful allegiance to me, an allegiance not of oathB or vowb, but of mutual suffering and mutual wrong. If it has pleased our Father Abraham that in this alliance of ours the woman at last shall be weaker than tie man, do not blame me. Jndge oF me in the future as you have known me in the past, but do not ask for the impossible ; do not ask for a destroying angel in a mere woman of the people ; do not ask for the spiritual in the mortal ; do notaak for a miracle— I am only a woman !M 