GLADSTONE ON O'CONNELL. REMINISCENCES THAT GO BACK FIFTY-FIVE YEARS. UNBOUNDED ADMIRATION FOR THE IRISH CHAMPION. " Though Sharing in the Prejudices of the Time Almost from the Opening of My Parliamentary Life I Pelt that He was the Greatest Popular Leader whom the World had Ever Seen." KNOWLEDGE OF IRELAND'S HISTORY A NECESSITY TO THE STUDENT OF TO-DAY. (Irish World.) FOE the large majority of persons now living in Great Britain O'Connell has come to be nothing but a name. A name, it is true, with some vestnre of awe and suspicion hanging round it like a ghost; a name with some lingering capacity to make us feel uncomfortable; yet in the main a name only, like Chatham or like Strafford. But for the small proportion of those now inhabitating the island, and for all who were breathing and moving upon it 40 and 50 years ago, from the highest to the lowest, O'Connell was, and was felt to be, not a name only but a power. He had, in 1828-9, encountered the victor of the Peninsula and of Waterloo on the battle-ground of the higher politics, of those politics which lie truly inter apices, and had defeated him and had obtained from his own lips the avowal of his defeat. Moreover, O'Connell was a champion of whom it might emphatically be said that alone he did it. True, he had a people behind him; but a people in the narrower rather than in the wider sense, the masses only, not the masses with the s. The Irish aristocracy were not, indeed, then banded together, as they are now, in the cause that he thought the wrong one. Many of them supported Catholic emancipation, but none of them comprehended that in the long reckoning of international affairs that support would have to be carried onwards and outwards to all its consequences. He saw at the epoch of the Clare' election what they did not see, that the time had come when, to save the nation, a victim must be dedicated even from among the nation's friends, like the great king's daughter at Aulis to preserve the host commanded by her own father. O'Connell was the commander-in-chief, although as yet they hardly knew it, and even the most illustrious supporters of Catholic emancipation, on whichever side of the Channel, were but the rank and file behind him. His were the genius and the tact, the energy and the fire, that won the bloodless battle. By the force of his own personality he led Ireland to St. Stephen's, almost as much as Moses led the children of Israel to Mount Sinai; and he accomplished the promise of Pitt, which Pitt himself had aboured, and laboured not in vain, to frustrate. I assume, then, that this remarkable man, whom before reaching the end of hese remarks I shall call a great man, has passed out of the mill-stream of politics into the domain of history. There, it is to be hoped, we may contemplate and examine his career in something of the solemn stillness of Glasnevin, where his remains repose beneath the soaring tower—the preeminently national Bymbol of his country. We have now supplied to us for the first time, through the enterprise of my old friend Mr. Murray, the material necessary for this examination. The preceding biographers of O'Connell have not had access to the stores of the singularly characteristic correspondence in which, while his whole heart was set upon the purpose of the time, he has unconsciously limned himself for posterity. The small but very interesting volume* of the Rev. Mr. O'Rourke is of too limited a scope and was written with too partial an acoess to sources for the exhibition of the entire man. The "Life and Times of the Liberator,"f containing, as might be expected from its title, much extraneous matter, does not fill the void. The " Select Speeches " were published by his son, Mr. John O'Connell, with " historical notifies" of indespensable facts and dates, but with an express disclaimer of any attempt at biography.^ From the expressions used by Mr. Fitzpatrick in his preface I gather that the present work is substituted for the more formal biography which wag at one time meditated by his family.§ IBELAND8 HI8TOBY NBCESSAB7 TO AN UN- DEB8TAMDING OF HODEEN HISTOBT. Unless I am much mistaken, the history of Ireland, especially for the last 200 years, is not only a narrative replete in itself with the most singular interests, • ••TheCentemair3HfeoF 0'ConneU." By Bar. John O'Bourke, P.P., &LB.I; A, Dublin. 1878. f "Hie Liberator; HisIdfeand Times." Kenmure Publications. 2yols.8ro,, (1873?) • t Pref&oeto; "SeleotSpeeches," 2 vols.l2mo. •Duff;, Dublin (without date). but it is also a normal exercite for instruction in the basis of modern history at large. If this be so, then neither the timely and most dispassionately-written volume of Mr. Lefevre,* nor even the comprehensive collection now before me, will supply the last word that is to be posthumously spoken of O'Connell, as to whom Mr. Greville.f most dispassionate of judges, has stated that " his position was unique; theTe never was before and there never will be again anything at all resembling it." And once more, he was " the most important and most conspicuous man of his time and country." If he has now passed away from the clatter and the rowdyism of everyday politics, To where, beyond these voices, there is peace," our time will surely not be lost in an endeavour to ascertain what manner of man it is that stands figured on the canvas before.us. For Mr. Fitzpatrick, while presenting to us a collection of moderate extent, selected without doubt from a far larger mass of papers, has not only woven them into a web of fair average continuity, but has, as a sculptor would, presented to us his hero " in the round," so that we may consider each of his qualities in each varied light, and judge of their combination into a whole, whether it is mean or noble, consistent or inconsistent, natural or forced. A CONFESSION BY GLADSTONE. It is with something of a sense of special duty and likewise with a peculiar satisfaction that I make this small effort at historical justice in the case of the Irish Liberator, as he is most justly called. In early life I shared the prejudices against him, which were established in me not by conviction but by tradition and education. As a young and insignificant member of Parliament I never (so far as my memory goes) indulged in the safe impertinence of attacks, which it would have been beneath him to notice. I was fortunate, ; from an occurrence which on his account I must mention further on in some detail, in being brought slightly yet sensibly into personal contact with him (now nearly 55 years ago), and thus having ! experience of his kindly and winning : manners. But those who know only the hearty good-will of millions upon millions of the English people towards Ireland at this moment can nave but a faint conception of the fearfully wide range of mere prejudice against O'Connell half acentury ago. Even Liberal candidates were ometimes compelled by popular opinion ublicly to renounce him and all his orks. A very small part of this averion may have been due to faults of his wn, but in the main I fear that, taking im as a symbol of his country, it exhibited the hatred which nations, or the governing and representative parts of nations, are apt to feel towards those ' whom they have injured. My own delinquencies in this sphere I think cannot be stated more strongly thanin these words. I voted steadily with the Opposition, on Irish questions in the Melbourne period, and I had entered the Cabinet of Sir Robert Peel in 1843 when the prosecution of the Liberator in connection with the monster meetings was undertaken. One very slight plea only can I offer for myself. I was not blind to his greatness. Almost from the opening of my Parliamentary life I felt that he was the greatest popular leader whom the world had ever seen. Nevertheless I desire to purge myself by this public act of any residue of old and unjust prepossession, to Cleanse the stuffed bosom of that perilous stuff Which weighs upon the hearty O'CONNELL'S U UAJIAU1ADO. GBEATNESS. There cannot but bemany in whose eyes O'Connell stands as clearly the greatest Irishman that ever lived. Neither Swift nor Grattan (each how great in their several capacities!) can be placed in the scale against him. If there were to be a competition among the dead heroes of Irish history I suppose that Burke and the Duke of Wellington would be the two most formidable competitors. But the great Duke is truly, in mathematical phrase, incommensurable with O'Connell. There are no known terms which will enable us fairly to pit the military faculty against the genius of civil affairs. It can hardly be doubted that if we take that genius alone into view O'Connell is the greater man; and I.will not so much as broach the question, in itself insoluble, whether and up to what point of superiority the exploits of the great Duke in the field establish an excess in his favour. With respect to Borfee as against O'Connell, it seems safe to say that he was far greater in the world of thought, but also fax inferior in the world of action. .These is another kind of comparison •which this powerful figure obviously challenges—a comparison with the great » "Peel aodO'ConneU." Bvo. London, 1887. \+ "GreviBe memoirs," Second Series, iii, 1886. t "Macbeth," v. 3. , demagogues or popular leaders of history. It is, however, a misnomer to call him a demagogue. If I may coin a word for the occasion he was an ethnagogue. He was not the leader either of plebs or populus against optimates—he was the leader of a nation; and this nation, weak, outnumbered, and despised, he led, not always unsuccessfully, in its controversy with another natioii, the strongest, perhaps, and the proudest in Europe. If we pass down the line of history (but upwards on the moral scale) from Cleon to Gracchus, to Rienzi, and even to Savonarola, none of these, I believe, displayed equal powers, but they all differed in this vital point, that they led one part of the community against another, while he led a nation, though a nation minus its dissentients, ; against conquerors who were never expelled but never domesticated. For a parallel we cannot take Kossuth or Mazzini, who are small beside him; we must ascend more nearly to the level of the great Cavour, and there still remains this wide difference between them, that the work of Cavour was work in the Cabinet and Parliament alone, while O'Connell not only devised and regulated all interior counsels but had also the actual handling all along of his own raw aterial—that is to say, of the people— nd so handled them by direct personal gency that he brought them to a state f discipline unequalled in the history of world, O'CONNELL'S EAELY LIFE. The dates and epochs of O'Connell's [f e are simple. He was born in the ounty of ICerry on 6th August, 1775. j e received his college education at St. mer and Douay during the years of the rench Revolution. At this period there re sufficient indications that in character, hough not in mere opinion, "the boy as father of the man." It came to a i ose j n January, 1793, when he wrote to hig uncle Maurice, whose property he as to inherit, that "the conduct the nglish have pursued with regard to the rench in England makes us dread to be urned off every day" (voL i. p. 7J. ]j e get out, however, under a summons rom Ireland; and, as I remember his elling me iu 1834, he crossed this hannel homewards in the boat which rought the tidings of the execution of ouis XVI. The excesses of the time drove him in the opposite direction; and, hen the boat got under way, he flung nto the sea his tricolour cockade, which was reverently picked up by some French fishermen rowing past, with a curse upon him for his pains. He studied law in London; and it appears that the State trials of the day, aimed against freedom, disenchanted his politics, and brought him to Liberalism, by which he held steadily and^ warmly to his dying day. He was called to the Bar in 1798; and in 1802, despite the protestations of his friends, and the unrelenting opposition of his uncle, he married a penniless but devoted wife. He did it expecting disinheritance ; and Darrynane was not his in fact until 1825. ThiB first quarter of the century was spent in achieving at the Irish bar not prominence only but supremacy; such a supremacy as probably never had, and never has, been held by any other member of that highly distinguished body. From the first he earned something ; and in 1813 his receipts already approached £4000 per annum. In the last year of his stuff gown, as he told me himself in 1834, he made £7000. In his letter of 1842 to Lord Shrewsbury (ii. 284) he states that in the year before emancipation, while he belonged to the outer Bar, his " professional emoluments exceeded £8000;" and that soon, on his obtaining a silk _ ' , , . « " .j gown, they muet; have been «considerfbly mcreased. Even Lwd Shrewsbury, the leader of his co-religionists in England, had joined in the vulgar cry against his receiving the contributions of the Irish people. How far loftier and .more discerning, how wise and true are the words of Mr. Greville on his death in 1847:—" It was an income nobly given and nobly earned." O'CONNELL THE LIFE AND SOUL OF THE NATIONAL MOVEMENT, FINANCIALLY AND OTHEBWIBE. Yet, even during this quarter of a century, while he was earning a position which became an essential condition of his influence, he w$s (from 1805 onwards, according to Mr. Fitzpatrick, i. 15) the life and soul of that small and continually dwindling residue .of nationality which the Union and accompaniments and consequences of the Union had'left to Ireland. His fir&t;, as I believe, and not his least; memorable i public utterance had been , made in - January, 1800, when' he was .twenty-- •four years old. " In writing "to. Lord. Shrewsbury he says :— ; " For more than twenty yeais before ^mancipation the burden ;of the cause was thrown upon .me. J nad. to arrange the meetings, to prepare resolutions, to furnish replies ( to correspondence, lo - examine the case-of each person coni-. plaining of practical grievances, to rouse the torpid, to animate the lukewarm, to control the violent and the inflammatory, to avoid the shoals and breakers of the law, to guard against multiplied treachery, and at all times to oppose, at every peril,' the powerful and multitudinous enemies of the cause. This w^g,, without doubt, what may be called the, opulent,period of his lite; but hear, him as to even this period (ibid):— . ,, • ,. " For four years I bore the entire expenses of Catholic agitation without receiving the contributions of others to a greater amount than £74 in the whole. Who shall,repay me for the years of my buoyant youth and cheerful manhood P W ho shall repay me for the lost opportunities of acquiring professional celebrity, or for the wealth which such distinctions ^rould insure ?" From, or shortly before, the epoch ot the Clare election in 1828 dates the commencemement of his absorption in public affairs. He was now totus in illts. He remained at bis zenith until 1843, when the Peel Administration instituted the great prosecution against him. It can hardly be said that this prosecution was directly the cause of a decline in his power over the people. But this much appeaTB to be certain. If his lmprisonment in Bichmond Bridewell did not break his spirit, it added heavily to that drain upon his nerve power which had for bo many years been excessive, and almost unparalleled. The loss of a grandchild, we are told, almost crushed the great and profoundly susceptible heart (ii. 331). His handwriting, formerly so bold, became tremulous and indistinct. TEN TIMES THE IiIFB OP AN OBDINABT MAN. He was released in September, 1844, under the judgment of the House of Lords. During the time for which his action had been paralysed, the mind of Ireland, under the influence of disappointment had been moving in the direction of counsels alien from his. O'Connell's Were always the counsels of legality, the new counsels were counsels of force, of force the offspring of despair, and adopted as the sole remaining alternative after the failure of O'Connell's policy based on bloodless effort. On the back of all this came the terrible prospect of the famine. He could not bear it; or he could not bear his own heartrending sense of incapacity to relieve it. The powerful frame, the brain yet more powerful, gradually yielded to a prassure which defied all resistance. He set out for a continental tour de- ' vised by way of remedy, and recommended by the knowledge of his fervent faith, and the hope that arrival at the limina Apostolorum might operate as a charm upon him. But the journey was one of manifest though intermitted stages of decline. He was mercifully spared both acute agony of body and obscuration of mind; and, having received devoutly all the consolations of his Church, he passed into the world of spirits on the 15 th of May, 1847. His age wap no more than 71 i but it may safely bp said that these years included, in labour, in experience, in emotion, in anxiety, in suffering, and in elastic and masculine reaction agaiuBt it, ten times what is allotted in the same space of time to more ordinary men. And here I part from simple narrative to attempt an estimate of the character and action of O'Connell. 0'C0NNELl/S DOMESTIC UFE. His domestic relations were broadly distinguished Erom those of common men by the vehement and overflowing tide of emotion that' cqursed through them. They are illuminated by every occasion that cdmes up, and' arid we find him acting the part of a spiritual adviser in detail to a daughter in a grave and anxious crisis of the bonl, the particular natu*e of which is reverently veiled.' Their verbal expression is concentrated in hi* l^terB to his 'wife. From these it appears that Ids whole married life, from its commencement in 1802 to its close in 1836, iras- one continued course, not of ardent affection only, but of courtship. Unless forthe purpose of satire no such gashing vocabulary of love has ever, as far as i know, been laid, topen to the public eye. 1 O'Connellspfialis of Charles Phillips? the author of "Currira and his Contemporaries," as "insane With love" (i. 24). Some might T)e inclined to' retort the phraSe upon him. After eleven' years of married j Me;, m a letter 'if no more thWi sixteen lines, lis wife is "my darlinghetot, "heaiW treasure/' I' mV '»wfeetheart ; love," "my "my own dading love,"" my 6wn dearest/deareSt, darling"; and "I wish to God t&tt; kiiew now fervently I dote on jou. This' is 'from''Hun when on circuit, to wlironi'£lM! , expfefiditure r "of a ttinfite was' SJeS^^iioffie^WaygWe^im-Beb that he was a man who never could withhold, never could contract, his sympathies. In this very letter there is one, and but one, morsel of pure prose— his business "is increasing almost beyond endurance" (i. 20). In later years the catalogue of endearing es is scarcely shortened (see „9, 100), and he truly describes his case when he says :(in 1825), " Darling, will you smile at the loveletters of your old husband P*' If Mr. Fitz patrick has at all deviated from the common use in printing these letters he has not done it without sufficient cause. For they exhibit a side of human nature that, besides being genuine, and being in its substance beautiful, was also necessary for the completion of the rich polychrome exhibited by a man in whom exacting business and overwhelming care never arrested, never could even restrict, the lively, and even redundant, play of the affections. O'OONNELI THE MI88IONABY OF AIT IDEA. The degree in which his business was exacting, his cares overwhelming, I for one have never fully understood except upon the perusal of these really important and historical volumes. Upon no sovereign, upon no Imperial chancellor, were the anxieties of empire ever more fully charged than O'Connell was laden With the thought of Ireland, and with the supreme direction of its concerns. He was all along the missionary of an idea. The idea was the restoration of the public life of his country, which he believed, and too truly believed, to have been not only enfeebled, but exhausted and paralysed by the Act of Union. It lay in his heart's core from the dawn of his opening manhood. From the commencement of his full political career it became the mainspring of his acts, his words, his movements; the absolute , mistress of his time, of his purse, and of whatever addditions his credit could make to his pecuniary resources. He loved his country with all his heart, and with all his mind, and with all his soul, and with all his strength. In his eyes Dublin Castle, commonly considered as embodying the Government of Ireland, had no substantive existence except as a machinery for repressing the national life through the careful fostering of alien powers, in an omnipotent andlordism, in an exotic establishment of religion, miscalled National, in proselytising schemes of popular education, and in an anti-administration of the law, from its highest agencies downwards to its lowest. To the well-meant money grants for draining and the like he would have had a twofold answer—first, they were but a miserable set-off against the heavy sums which England owed to Ireland in account; and, secondly, with even greater emphasis, that man does not live by bread alone, and that it is idle to study feeding the mere stomach of a nation, yet, at the same time, to stop all the avenues of its higher life. For the true work of a government Dublin Castle, with all its costly and complicated ravages, was a mere negation; and thfe main matter was how to make the nation, which had formerly been alive and had been smothered by external force, enter into life once more. He therefore had to do the work that in the ordinary course of human affairs is served by an organised system, and occupies a countless multitude of agents. He lacked all the advantages which result from effective division of labour. There was hardly a man in Ireland avails able, in the highest matters, for light, I ining" "his solitudes by sharing them One, indeed, there was who appears to have had the capacity, namely, Bishop Doyle, but, for, whatever reason, he does not seem to have worked continuously with O'ConnelL And yet there was no case of wrong to which he closed his ear, which his tongue and pen were not ready to redress. Of him, and of his unbounded sympathies, may be said what Mr. Lowell has said of his country with a noble iervour and in its vigorous patois— She whose free latoh-string never was drawed Against the poorest child of. Adam's kin. THE LASCHSNE8S OF O'CONNELL'S NATUBE. Upon this subject,' which powerfully illustrates the largeness of O'Connell's nature, I must dwell a little. In him we see more thain ih most even of the good men of historjf that love and justice are essentially bbundless, and that to spend thein on* one ' subjectseems to increase, and nottolessen, the fond available for spending upon others' also. He '^ras ain Irishman, but he. was also a- oosmopo- 1 litan. I'remembStf personally howi*in' thefirst •sesBiob' t>f my ParUamBhtary; lifS,"<fie' painted otithiswiyakd-pathos,' and his earnestness inthe caufee'or'nejjro emancipation. Saving adopted/the politick creed of Liberalism, he was as thorough an English Liberal as if he he^d had" lip, Ireland to think, of., HeJjad Eor postal reform (a queetianafwhich e probably was ofae of few to discern t the time the greatness), for secret oting, for corn law repeal—in short, for hatever tended, within the political phere, to advance human happiness and reedom. It hardly need be said that he • as opposed, in 1829, to the disfranhisement . of. the forty-shilling •freeolders. He was not deluded by. the lausible arguments for this measure, hich seriously marred the grant of mancipation, and consequentially retricted for half a century the legitimate xtension of the .franchise in Ireland. The wide scope of his embrace, in uestions of sympathy with his fellowen, is, however, yet more remarkably hown by the manner in which he exerted imself in behalf of individuals. There as a certain Sir Abraham B. King, a functionary of the Dublin Corporation, and Deputy Grand Master of the Orange Society. It was for denouncing the Dublin Corporation as " beggarly" that D'Esterre sent O'Connell in 1815 the challenge, which cost the unhappy man his life; and Orangeism as such was the one and only thing that lay. outside the precinct of the fervid Irishman's sympathies. King, however,' was put out of his berth in 1832 by a measure of reform, and raised a complaint of insufficient compensation. O'Connell examined his claim, took up his case, oarried it to a successful issue, and enjoyed his lifelong gratitude, expressed in a glowing letter at the time and in a message transmitted from his deathbed (i. 296-8). Another case, even more worthy of mention, is not noticed in these volumes, but is recorded in Parliament documents, and lies also within my own personal knowledge. It was, indeed, a case of effort on behalf of one who was, like himself, a Liberal in politics and a man of distinguished talents. There was no other claim of any sort. The singularity, however, of the effort lies in the bDldqgss of the scheme of relief and in the astonishing amount of labour bestowed upon it by a man already overcharged. It occurred in 1834. The gentlemen whose champion he became had been a solicitor, but had been touched by the verdiets of juries in two actions, dating nearly a quarter of a century before. One of them concerned the abstraction of an important paper, and the other turned upon the appropriation of a sum of money. With the correctness of these verdicts we have nothing now to do. But, in the intervening period, the Benchers of one among our Inns of Court had, by reason of them, rejected him as an applicant for admission to the Bar, for which he was deemed to have high qualifications in other respects. With this narrative in his eye, O'Connell moved for an inquiry by a Committee of Parliament into the Inns of Court.themselves. To this motion objection .was taken on behalf of those powerful bodies. In the course of the debate O'Connell found that both their friends arid the Ministry of the day would acquiesce in an inquiry if limited to the particular instance which he himself had in yiew. He adroitly fell back on the suggestion, which, in effect, gave all he wanted. His committee sat, and boldly retried the issues. Even these last times have not furnished an example o£ a more extraordinary proceeding. But what I have to note .is the amount, of psrsonal sacrifice made by O'Connell for one with whom, he had no connection, I believe, of a personal or special kind, lie took the. chair, conducted the examinations, carried the report, and presented the result to Parliament in five hundred folio pages of hard work. I was myself a member of that committee, and was the only member who did not concur in the final judgment of the committee. A material witness named Skingley, living at Coggeshall in Essex, was, from age and infirmity, unable to appear. The committee (that is to say O'Connell) obtained power to adjourn from place to place ; and three of its members, forming a quorum, undertook, to. go down and examine Skingley at his .own abode. These three were O'Qonnell, Sir . George, Sinclair, and .myself. We set oat at five 'on a summer's morning, in a carriage and four, and returned after dusk. The incident gave me an opportunity *)f enjoying the frpnk and. kindly, conversation of this mostj remarkable man, whose national; I may £ay 'whoj»e< Imperial; 1 cares had thus been -forced into' compatibility with an enormous effork'isuch as.Jiardlyany unoccupied persori iWOuld: have undertaken, and which'he*>ould have had no motive (for undertaking except an overpowering .belief «hat3uatice to an mdi- viduaWemabdigdtifc- \- tt&t;&aflt;&te;* ttftttwft. • Afc'aii/kna! record of a man sogrefttly transcending.the pommqn scale,i'as tfbre br less of value, I may here mention one dr-i two alight lhcidents tof my.eccasIolnrf.;l!^Wentary contact wiffi O'Co'nnell. ,0iice»in a speech on but in abluid acceptance of traditions, noticed some i" bad beenmade in debated: ^ English' crtielties in iTeian'lHffid U, that I ,did' not see what practical C(jLj wa's to 'be gained'dwelling 'eith'e'rTn those outrages 6r on the' bfeSdy and terrible retributions whi'fch they 1 lAj provoked. O'Connell interrupted aibw loudly and vehemently ' that h e w'ai called to order fdr it by the Speaker (Abercromby), who rose k '' his' chiir (I think) for the purpose. It" him with truth thAt I had no to refer to any tWnjg, except what wil^lS hands admitted. Ilittle knewttonvlikt good reason he had to resent the reof any language which appeared ttf place upon a footing approaching to eqtialiiy the hideous massacres perpetrated on the Irish under supreme 'direction, and tie feeble, limited, and sporadic acts of taliation, which Were the wild cries of nature outraged' beyond endurance, and which were, in the" most conspicuous instances, prohibited and denounced by the national leaders from 1641 to 1798 It was six or eight years after, in 1843 when O'Connell. himself, in a published volume,largely composed 0~f authenticated extracts, supplied the world with adequate means of judgement upon these gross and often almost incredible enormities perpetrated against Ireland. His book stopped at the restoration. It' Ta9 marked vol. I., but no second volume ever appeared. My recollefttion, which does not stand alone, is that, so far as England was concerned, the tale of horror produced no sensation whatever, and that the work fell stillborn from the press.* O'CONNELI. AND HOME. s was altogether seemly in a man of such breadth and penetration, he had a taste for theology, like others of the statesmen of that day. In one of his letters to Archbishop M'Hale he says:- " No man can be more devoted to the spiritual authority of his Holiness: I have' always detested what were called the liberties of the Church in'France, . . . There does hot livje i human being more submissive in oriihibus to the Church than I am" (i. 510). The object of this letfer was to prevent the "Light of Home" from being any longm "obscured by the clouds of English influence." Direct action in Rotaie had then recently been resorted to by'Lbid Palmerston, in the interest of the Italian people; and the great chieftain evidently suspected what afterwards came to.pass, that the same influence might he psed in order to keep doWn the Irish.' Ttiere is abundant testimony of his conformity to the rule of submission in the spiritual sphere. But it is interesting to see how, when speaking of the Pope, he guards himself by confining himself to his " spiritual authority." I have myself heard him reply warmly in Parliament to some member, who charged him with what was then called divided allegiance, by an emphatic declaration that in regard to the political interests of his country neither Pope nor council was his guide. O'CONN.HIX AS A THEOLOGIAN. But for the freedom of bis Church lie watched with the eye of a lynr, and «aw the hollowness of the State's coquetry, at a time when the heirarchy iii Ireland were so grateful for the gift as it were of breathing freely after the persecution they had suffered, as to be Teady tb accept the veto of a Protestdnt State on episcopal appointments. For the keenness of his Vision, and the courage and consistency. ,of .his, action in^his matter, she owes him. ihoch. But I believe that we also owe.him something. Intheligbt of subsequent experience it seems » rational opinion that the veto wouldnaTJ impeded the solution of importantques. tions, arid would have acted injnr^bsly on the religions interests «f following generations, When, iri journey into . a boot .of theology, , have forgotten, to prove ^•ine.tM Protestants were all regarded by ,m Catholic Church as Christians (he might have added, as actually hrojight-witto her jurisdiction) in virtue of their oaptism. In a memorandum of my own, made at the< tiine,+ I firid^it noted with rhonPP.t tb Protestants, " that hedeemea icbis duty to hope that thpv jtfe nally tmitod W, the Church,'Vbpt that V the .heathen were,in a; state j| rppf^ tion, he believ^d necessarily • this iattej an opinlbn ^hich, iiiW;' Wit-' With more.J inquiry, he c^ould 'hardly ^W-ri-j-a who, ^00 years >efore, : assigned toth® no bitterer lot than the endurance or dbsiie without ^^expeotation i-^ - lh aralo.7.,.... ;, x '^I OI.AIM THB HAlF OF rOU.^ . I published,! in the end of^W3^. • •• A Memoir of IreUni Nftttw Mr. 0"Roarke,at thi -cloee J of the ttWeflltwrn Shis life of O'Connell in 1878. $«> Inferno," iv, 42. volume on the relation^ on the Chnrch and State, which was thought to savour of the opinions of the Oxford School. At the beginning of the ensuing session -I chanced to fall in with O'Connell behind the Speaker's chair. He laid his hand on my arm and said " I claim the half of you." At all times he was most kindly and genial to one who had no claim to his notice, and whose prejudices were all against him. He had, however, without doubt, more religion than theology, and was in truth thoroughly, consistently, and affectionately devout. I will not inquire whether his duel with D'Esterre requires any qualification of this statement, as applicable to the date of its occurrence. It may be said, however, that an Irishman who, either then or for some time after, was not a duellist, must have been either more or less than man. And the House of Commons is now familiar with the stately figure of an Irish gentleman advanced in life, who carries with him the halo of an extraordinary reputation in that particular, but who is conspicuous among all his contemporaries for his singularly beautiful and gentle manners. HIS BELIGIOTTS NATURE. To return to O'Connell. His professional business absorbed his week days in early life, so that his journeys from town to town were very commonly made on Sundays, and I remember that in 1834 -he suggested a like expedient (of course after his early Mass) for the journey into Essex, to Sir G-. Sinclair and myself, both much otherwise inclined. But in these letters he expresses a regret (i. 132) for the necessity so often laid upon him; and, quite apart from this, persons accustomed to a British Sunday should hold themselves disabled from passing a judgment upon our Catholic fellow-subjects, whose week days are often more Sunday-like than onrs. We gather from these volumes the interesting intelligence that at one time, when still full of vigour at sixtyfour years of age (ii. 195), he seriously contemplated a religious retirement at Olongowes for the remainder of his life. In • the formation of this desire disappointment at some failure or decline of the rent may have played a secondary part, but the main motive of it is touchingly described in these few words—" I want a period of retreat to think of nothing but eternity." So that when the final stage arrived, and he had Death in immediate contemplation on his intercepted journey, both the first faint whisper of the summons, and its-later and fuller sound, found him watching, as one prepared for the coming of his Lord. The signs abound everywhere in these volumes that he bore with him a lively sense of the presence of God, though taste and reverence withheld him from its free manifestation in the bufera infernal, the heated and contentious atmosphere of Parliament. THE DUEL WITH D'ESTEBBE. My reference to D'Esterre must be a little enlarged. But for the use of a single and dangerous epithet—" contemptuous"—in his explanatory letter about the Corporation of Dublin, this unhappy antagonist would not have had even a pretext for driving forwards the fatal controversy (i. 28). In the duel, O'Connell purposely fired low, but his 8hot was fatal. He offered to " share his income" with the widow. This was declined. To her daughter he paid an annuity.regularly until his death. On hearing that she was the plaintiff in a weighty suit at Cork, he threw up important briefs and returned the retaining fees, went down from Dublin, pleaded the cause, and won. (i. 34). And it is said that, he never passed a certain balding that recalled the memory of JJ Esterre without uttering a prayer for his soul. The duel was in 1815. At a ater period he formed a deliberate resolution 0 never to fight another. CONNELL'S DIFFICULT TASK AGAINST ENGLAND'S ODIOUS METHODS. 0 ConnelHs clearly to be regarded as a man who desired to maintain peace, £operbr, and law. Yet his case exhibits Me difficulties which are certain to arise, wuen, as in Ireland, legality and morality have been long pitted against each other in those provinces of Human existence which most concern the yital; interests of the people. Accordingly, this friend of law nevertheless could ?P° n occasion recommend not only exclusive dealings, since known as boybut exclusive treatment outside ot dealings, and the cawying of this weatment to a point BO extreme as, for example, the erection of cribs in the «aapels, Within which alone those who had Tpted wrong-were to be allowed to pray. J a n ® . 8te P further planted men in the ™>mjun K ,— — of sheer violence, violence. AI It seems seems nara hard t»t«fi y this step was sometimes The violence must be contion^v u recommenda- 80 must tte tnf Jr®* waB tlie immediate ^incentive, ou^oUogs to blind uM to the fact that 1841). urn™ * Carl0W " (NiBbet ' a severer condemnation is due to those who maintained abominable laws impossible to be borne by human beings except in a state of abject slavery. The tyranny of the landlord, which was then counteracted by the tyranny of outrage, received in 1871 a deadly blow from the introduction of secret voting, and another heavy stroke in 1885 from the extension of the franchise. O'CONNELL AS AN OBATOB. It would not be easy to name a man who has attained to equal aggregate excellence with O'Connell in the three old oratory of the Bar, the Platform, and the Senate. As a Parliamentary speaker no one, in matching him with his contemporaries of the House of Commons, would have relegated him to the second class; but it might be difficult to find his exact place in the first. He was greatest when answering to the call of the moment in extemporary bursts, and least great when charging himself with extended and complex exposition. As an advocate, it may, I apprehend be asked, without creating surprise, whether the entire century has produced any one more eminent; though (not to speak of the living) Follett, had he been spared to run his whole career, would have been a formidable rival, while Scarlett probably never once missed the mark in dealing with a jury. It is here that Brougham, greatly his superior in Parliamentary eloquence and in general attainments, falls so far behind him. As orator of the platform he may challenge all the world; for who ever in the same degree as O'Connell trained and disciciplined, stirred and soothed a people ? O'CONNELL AS A STATESMAN. But I am convinced that we ought to accord to him also the character of an excellent statesman. The world knows him chiefly in connection with the proposal to repeal the Act of Union with Ireland. . Now I would venture to propound as the criteria of statesmanship, properly so called, first the capacity to embrace broad principles and to hold them fast; secondly, the faculty which can distinguish between means and ends, and can treat the first in entire subordination to the last. To both these criteria the life of O'Connell fully answers. He never for a moment changed his end, he never hesitated to change his means. His end was the restoration of the public life of Ireland, and he pursued it from his youth to his old age with unfaltering fidelity and courage. In this cardinal respect he drew no distinction between Catholic Ireland and Protestant Ireland. Nay, he subordinated not civil equality alone, but even toleration for his co. religionists, to the political indpendence and unity of Ireland, always under the British Crown. Perhaps the very noblest epitaph that could be inscribed upon his tomb would be a passage from the speech which he delivered when only 24 years of age at a meeting of Catholics in opposition to the Union, on 13th January, 1800:—* " Let every man who feels with me proclaim that if the alternative were offered him of Union or the re-enactment f the Penal Code in all its pristine orrors that he would prefer without hesitation the latter as the lesser and more sufferable evil; that he would rather confide in the justice of his brethren, the Protestants of Ireland, ho have already liberated him-)- than ay his country at the feet of foreigners." This exalted sentiment drew forth "much and marked approbation." 'Connell was true to it in proposing the epeal. Whatever difficulties that meaure might now entail, they had by xperience been shown to be at that time ltogether secondary. Mr. Burke allowed o them nonweight whatever. O'Connell ad lived • through the horrors that receded and'brought about the Union. t is my firm belief that if Englishmen ould have had a parallel experience in heir own country, they—Tory as well as iberal—would have adopted-the sentient of O'Connell, and that with their ands as well as with their hearts. Eepeal as the one obvious, direct, and natural eanB of repairing the specific mischief. or was it then his business to appreiate the inconveniencies of reversal; hough it was, doubtless, a duty to take hem into view when, within the walls of arliament, he became charged as a egislator with public and Imperial ares. And this is the very thing that, hen the occasion arose, he showed he as able to do, and did. On the second accession of Lord Melourne to power he thought that he saw is opportunity for an alternative policy. hat remarkable man, who has often een accused of politick indifferentism, ad filled for a short time the office of hief Secretary; and his experience eems not .to have been lost upon him. n 1827,' wheh Mr. Canning was Prime inister,- O'Connell writes. (i. 148) :— * "Life and Times of the Liberator," i. 232, t By the Franchise Act of 1783. "With Mr. Lamb, I would forfeit my head if we did not un-Orange Ireland and make the Protestants content and good, and the Catholics devotedly loyal; for our disposition truly leans to loyalty." O'CONNELL'S AND THE LICHFIELD HOUSE FAILURE. Early in 1835 came the epoch of what was termed the Lichfield House compact. " Compact there was none," says Earl Eussell (ii. 2), "but an alliance. Nothing could be more honourable, nothing more wise. O'Connell was ready, like a, man of sense, to try out fairly and fully the experiment of government from London, and on the condition of justice to Ireland, if attainable!, to waive, even to abandon, the policy of Eepeal." Such was the extent of his concession—" A real Union or no Union" (ii. 59, compare 105). _ Justice to Ireland embraced two great items. The first was that of legislative reforms. The second was the substitution of a. national for an anti-national spirit in Irish administration. For the second, and hardly the less difficult of these, a rare instrument was at hand in the person of Drummo'nd,* private secretary to Lord Althorp, who now became Under-Secretary in Dublin, and who appears, by a singular combination of courage, sagacity, and tact, to have reversed the movement of the administrative machinery in Ireland, and inspired its people for the first tune with a dawning hope, and yet never to have supplied the Orange party, then strong in Parliament, with the means of establishing a charge of partiality against him, and of- thus showing that one abusive system had only been supplanted by another. O'Connell supported the G-overnment, in fulfilment of his avowed intention, with fidelity and patience. But the legislative portion of the scheme was sickly from the first, and grew sicklier still. The Irish Church Establishment remained in its monstrous integrity. Even Municipal Reform was combated for seven years, and then given in a shape such as to humiliate the country that received it, by perpetuating the principle of inequality. Drummond died.' The Ministry declined, from a variety of causes, some to its honour and some otherwise. I regret to record that among the reasons for their gradual loss of favour with the English people was their honest and persistent endeavour to mitigate or redress a part, at least, of the grievances of Ireland. In 1840 O'Connell confesses (i. 230) the failure of his conciliatory plan; and the accession of the Opposition to power, in August, 1841, seems to have struck for him the first note of absolute despair. O'CONNELL AND FEDERALISM. But the flexibility of his mind was indefectible; and the rebounding force of its elasticity was still to be shown. Failing with Eepeal, and failing with justice' to Ireland, he turned to what appears, in these pages and elsewhere, under the roughly applied name of Federalism. Miss Cusack has publishedf a curious note by Mr. Butt, which states with considerable appearance of authority that, in 1844, the Liberal leaders met.. and resolved to offer to O'Connell a'Parliament for Irish affairs, under a system of federal union with Great Britain. We must still hope for further ^elucidation of BO remarkable a statement. What is indisputable is that O'Connell seems to have been perfectly prepared to adopt this guarded means of reanimating and embodying the national life of Ireland. In a letter of October, 1844, to the Secretary of the Eepeal Association he gives his full adhesion to this plan, and sets forth its principle at great length (ii. 433-48), though after the mariner of a man who does not feel himself to be on the eve of practical legislation. He declares, however (446), an actual preference for it over Eepeal pure and simple. THE MEANS AT O'CONNELL'S COMMAND. In general he had a mean estimate of his coadjutors in Ireland, and calls them "the species of animals with which I' had to carry on my warfare with the common enemy" (ii. 183). His Parliamentary following was mostly of an inferior stamp, whence the sobriquet of O'Conhell's tail.' They stand in disadvantageous contrast with the body, of about the same numerical strength, who supported Mr. Parnell in the Parliament of 1880; and they could'do little to ighten the multitudinous cares of their chief. One of the revelations ..suppliedby these volumes exhibits" the. cruel pungency of those cares in V point not hither^ known or appreciated. Thropgk ll the'^ears of Herculean labour entailed* by his Parliamentaiy dominance, and notwithstanding the large sums, sometimes exceeding. £16,000 (i. 202), placed at his * As this artiole is going to press I lieu that the life of 'Mr. Drummond, by Mr. Barry O'Brien, is on the point olappeiring. It cannot fail to be of the'gre&taat; interest. Mr. O'-Brien is-extremely well fitted tof hisigBk;.and tin- careerof Mr. Drummond forms aa' indispensable link in the hain of Irish history.—W. £. O. t ii. 331, and elsewl disposal from year to year by the Irish nation, he lived almost from day to day under the pressure of the most acnte pecuniary anxieties.* It was probably with some idea of forethought for his family that he founded, or shared in founding, a bank and a brewery (i. 421, 442, ii. 194), and it does not-appear that these had much to do in th'emaking or marring of his fortunes. The only signs of heavy personal expenditure in these volumes tire that he was compelled to have several residences, tbat|his frequent and rapid journeys must have been expensive, that his charities- (to which he pays a touchingly- minnte attention) were liberal, and that his free and large nature delighted to expend itself in hospitality at Darrynane. No account is presented on the pages before lis, but we are safe in conjecturing that the rent would have met all those charges over and over again; and they do nothing to explain his constant use of the instrument of credit, his resort to the expedients of renewal, his casting himself again and again, sometimes in despair, on the ingenuity, the devotion, and the patience of his friend, and agent, Mr. P. V. Fitzpatrick, who plays a silent part in the narrative, but whose parts and gifts must in their line have been as remarkable as his active friendship was invaluable. The explanation evidently lies in the ravenous demands at that date of Parliamentary life, the heavy charges of elections and petitions, and, in fact, that on him seems to have lain the burden of meeting the pecuniary engagements of many seats and persons besides his own and those of his family. We are told of a single dissolution which brings him (ii. 53) five contests and five election petitions. O'CONNELL'S FORTUNE. He is too brave to complain readily, -but sometimes it is more than he can bear. On the 11th of July, 1842, he writes to Fitzpatrick, " Want is literally killing me. I have grown ten. years older from my incessant pecuniary anxiety. God bless you, my dear friend " (ii. 289). But never, so far as appears, was there a man more truly superior to money; its master, not its slave. At his death his personal property was sworn under £21,800. This value consisted principally, in all likelihood, of insurances on his life, which it was his practice to make largely. But his debts were not less than £20,752, so the true value of his personal estate was no more than £1048. He himself states the landed estate of the. family to have been worth £1000 per annum. INGRATITUDE OF ENGLISH CATHOLICS. While all this was going on he was occasionally also pierced by the stings of ingratitude. The English Catholics who owed everything to him, had a club called the Cisalpine Club (i. 186). In May, 1829, the very time of his victory on their behalf, they blackballed O'Connell. Let us hope it was some small minority; but he calls them " the English Catholics." At the best it is bad enough. Burdett in 1835, before his great "recant of patriotism," wrote, as G-revillej" tells us, to the. managers,o£ Brooks' to propose his expulsion; but he was at that time indispensable to the Whig party. There are stories of social exclusion practised against him by the ministers, but, if they are true, it might be due to the fear of offending weak brethren among their party. PERSONAL TRAITS. O'Connell owns himself to have been vain, but it was with an innocuous and sportive vanity that played upon the surface of his character. But how readily, he would have abdicated his leader-, ship appears from his own' declarations. J His ample faculty ,of. wit and his intense love of fun may have sometimes too easily inclined to. a jest, even tipon' men whom h,e. most respected.. He was sanguine in a degree almost ludicrous, and he was given.to exaggeration. In 1837 he declares (ii. 80) he had 200 letters a day, ami this at a time when letters usually, werei charged from sixpence to eightpence apiece, and prepayment was unusual.. The scenery at Darrynane was ''the; finest, the most majestic in the world" (ii. 293). The beagles were beyond all; rivalry, and his own performances as a. pedestrian are described in terms which, raise the smile of scepticism on the lips of ' those , who remember that his, figure, though not .inactive, was eminently portly as-well .as. too,, large in scale for superlative activity., On' the Dissolution of 18S7 T he ,Medicta p. working majority of .60 to . vO^ which.' proved, to be under 20 j. and tuHhec counts upon " at least 50" to be attracted by a settled ministry, of whom therewas not one. .In early days he thought., emancipation certain and immediat^ lo^g. before, it came; farther on he; w^s fiot - less confident about Eepeal. 1^1835 Tories wgre down forever.". Jn* * Sea i. 54, 133, 248, 257, 269,285,351,347. t" Greville Memoirs," First Series, iii. 320, I J H. 231, and elsewhere. 1840 the Tories "never will regain power" (ii. 221-2). In the same year the Date of Wellington (ii. 226) " will be speedily extinct as a political man." This power of believing what he wished was probably a remedial provision in his nature, and may have added, on the whole, to his- vast but heavily-taxed working superiority. If, as some say, he was dicWftfcal'it was from a resistless consciousnSs of superiority. No man could be.&ore; profoundly deferential and humble for a public purpose, but for a personal or private object he never cringed. His tact and self-control in the interest of his clients were as those of Odysseus. But, like Odysseus, he was tempted on occasion; and once, in court, he was about to waste on an interruption of the opposing counsel a point which was invaluable for reply, when Blackburn, who was employed with him in the case, pulled him down by his gown. Irascible without doubt he was, and highly irasciblebut he was placable in a not less eminent degree. From Richmond Bridewell he writes to Shiel, who had joined the Whigs, and expostulates with him on his conduct (ii. 322-4). But mark his closing paragraph:— "Adieu, my dear Shiel. God bless you ! Be assured of my friendship and personal regard. I am sorry, sincerely sorry, we part in politics, but I am ever alive to the many claims you have on my gratitude as a private friend and a public man." His gravest fault seems to have been his too ready and rash indulgence in violent language, and this even against men whose character ought to have shielded them from it. Thus in 1832 he published, in a paper called the Cosmopolite (Oct. 6) the following scurrilous " I promise to demonstrate that he has been guilty of the most gross and shameless violation of a public pledge that ever disgraced any Britishminister since Parliament was first instituted. I do expect iu demonstrate that no honest man can vote for Lord Althorp in any country or borough without being content to share in his guilt and disgrace." Lord Althorp was one of the best, truest, and purest among the public men of this or any other country. Such a habit of hasty and uncurbed invective was peculiarly blameable in a man who had, however rightly, resolved to exempt himself from the consequences then usual; and they did much to maintain, and something at least colourably to warrant, the cruel and inveterate prejudice against Ireland, which at that time possessed, beyond question, the minds of a vast portion of the British people. But I have now closed the lists of the faults which, so far as I can see, can be fairly charged against him; and how short and light a list it is, compared with the catalogue of his splendid virtues, and of those services to the people of his own blood which have assured the immortality and the brightness of his fame! O'COKNELL'S CHABACTEB AS A WHOM. In all Ihe separate phases of bis life and action, which were numerous beyond the common, O'Connell was remarkable, but their combination into a whole, and the character he presents to us as a human being, are more worthy than any among his separate gifts, brilliant as they were, of study and of admiration. In many famous persons the acted life seems to be detached from the inner man. These belong to the category of responsible beings, but it is hard to say how far that responsibility was conscious and applied; how far, nay, how much further, dormant and forgotten. Their life is not woven into continuity by a solid and persistent purpose. Such waB not the case with this great child of Nature. Nothing in him was little, nothing was detached or heterogeneous. In the assemblage of all his properties and power£ he was one, indivisible, and deeply cut. No day of his life could be severed from the rest without touching the essence and demolishing the whole. If he ever seemed to wander into violence, these were the wanderings of a monent: his boomerang soon came home. Next to his religion, and indeed under the direct inspiration of his religion, his country was for him all in all. He had room for other genuine interests in his large and symphathetic nature, but these revolved around his patrotism, like the satellites about a mighty planet. Few, indeed, as I think, of those who give a careful perusal to these pages, will irithold their assent from the double assertion that he was a great man, and that he was a good man. Upon this issue the volumes now before uswill enable us to try him; and, in trying him, to try ourselves. For who can any longer doubt that some debt is still due to him; that he was, to say the least, both overcensured and under-valued P By many he was taken to be unquestionably a ruffian, men.' Besides being a ^reat and a good, he was also a disappointed man. The sight of his promised land was not given to his longing eyes. But as a prophet of a coming time he fulfilled his misson. It seems safe to say that few indeed have gone to their account with a shorter catalogue of mistaken aims or of wasted opportunities, and not only that he did much but that he could not have done more. W. E. GLADSTONE. 