SHOW I AWOKE m HELL.' LEAVES FROM A DEAD MAN'S DIARY, The anonymous dead man who commenced his phenomenal reminiscences in the February number of Lippincotls, gets to serious business in the next issue. When IIB first returned to life the subject seemed too solemn to turn to account for copy, and as ?!) of the Bowral years which have elapsed since he die I have taken away some part of the rock elections. He I asserts, however, that his reminiscences, J vntjftie and fragmentary m they are, have been scaipu'onslv kept within the accurate limit of his Recollections. He has never filled in a missing outline, but has given the picture exactly as he saw it. presuming his narrative he tells as that although he remained in the spirit realm only two days, it seemed to him weeks and months and years since his real death, and the hour that he became conscious of that death. ' THE VISION OF MT PAST LIFE. Whether my death was succeeded by a a season of slumber, in which certain appointed and divinely ordained dreams were caused to be dreamed by me, or whether God caused the hands on the dial of time to be put back for a space in order that I might see the past as He sees it,' I neither knew nor know, but I distinctly, remember that the first thing of which I was conscious after my dissolution was that the events of my past life were rising before me. Yes, it was my past life which I saw in that awful moment, my past life standing out in its own naked ändlutolerable horror, an abomina- tion in the sight of God and of my own conscience. The hands on the dial of time went back half a score, a score, and finally a score and a half of years, and once more I was a young man of 21. The chambers in which I was then living were situated in one of the well known runs off Holborn, and the housekeeper of the wing where I was quartered was a widow, who, with her daughter Dorothy, a girl of 17, resided on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can be imagined without being told. Both were young, impressionable, and opportunity was not lacking for an acquaintance which a thunderstorm ripened in a moment into ungovernable passion She occupied the room over his chamber, and after long struggling with temptation he fell. My passion had but simulated defeat, as passion often does, in order that it might turn in an unguarded moment, and read me with redoubled fury. The next moment I saw my last grasping effort to will what was right and true sink amid the tempestuous sea of sinful wishes, as a drowning man sinks after he has risen for the third time and deliberately thrusting away, in the very doggedness of despair, the invisible hand which yet strove to stay mc, 1 rose and sought the room which I had prayed I might never enter. Mx FIRST GLIMPSE OF HELP. so You may wonder perhaps how it is that I am able to recall so vividly the circumstances of an event which happened many years ago. You would cease so to wonder had you seen, as I have seen, the ghost of your dead self rise up to cry for vengeance against you, and to condemn you before the judgment seat of God and, of. your ojKn_couscience._.._Por this was my first glimpse of hell ; this was my day of judgement. The record- ing angel of my own indestructible and now God awakened memory showed me my past life as God saw it, and as it appeared when robbed of the loathsome dis- guises with which I had so long contrived to hide my own moral nakedness. WHAT KEEPS THEM. HELL. t The one thing of all others which added to the unutterable horror of that moment was the memory of the false and lying excuses with which I had striven to palliate my sin to myself. This is the way in which I had repeatedly striven to silence , my cou- friends, and it is but one instance of the way in which many others on this earth are now striving to silence theirs " For God's sake." I would say to them, beware !" Such h dening of the heart against the Holy Spirit, such God murdering (for it is the wish to kill God, and t > silence His voice for ever is the one unpardonable sin which is a thousandfold more, awful in its care quences than in the crime which it seeks to conceal. It was the foulest stain on the soul of him who hung by the dying Saviour; and it is, I believe, at the moment the One and only thing which still; keeps hell hell and Satan Satan. 2 THE Armour OF THE DAMNED. I remember, that when the realization of what I was, and what I had done, was first borne npaiT"me7"ï fellinthEfgrownr ' writhed in convulse v e agony. The torture! of immaterial lioU-fbf/a thousand materia hells-I would have endured with joyful aesa could such tortures have-drowned-ioi a moment the thought agony that toro mo Mere physical suffering iii which, though it were powerless to expiate, I could at least participate by enduring, I would have welcomed with delirious gladness, but of such relief or diversion of thought, there was noun. To annihilation, had such been the wreath my reach, I would have fought my way through a of houses I devils But in hell there is no escape. ' ' I remember that I rose up in my despair, and stretching vain hands to the impotent heavens, shrieked out as only one can shriek whose terribly hell torture and despair. I fell to the ground and writhed and formed in convulsive and bloody agony. But not thus could I rid myself of the sights of hell, nor could more physical pain wipe out from my brain the picture of the pain I had wrought. And then-but no, I am sick, I am ill I am fainting, I cannot, I cannot write more. of MISS 