'"LEONARD LINSAY, OB «titr QTOBY OF A. BUCCANEER. \+ " BY ANG 05 15. REACH. \ rtrt.uji, n laic of the last generation. and, since . H1?18.- iiave their chances, and soaifitimea nJXXrved fame, or suffer unmerited dis- -5" " Leonard Lindaiy, the Story -of & had fallen into a very unjust iOrgetful- J»acra«jjjj . one 0f drsnture ; it smaeks of . Xalfwslwnrtrsaoneo! MamaVst it drawsm a perished tfT« of life a'inost as vividly, as J&SmiicSf; could do ; and it tells lti etory In an »a nure and crisp fts that of Kobert Xoufa-1 g"£Jf 1 our readen wail hare a are litonuy wnSiw nictwa of the days whoa there was , !' no beyond th. line.") . . CHAPTER 1. OF MY BOYHOOD, AND HOW BEING CAST AWAY AT SKA, I AM CAARRIED TO THE WEST INDIES AGAINST MY WILL. It was in the fair sunlight of a May morn- ing, in the year of Grace 1672, that that great braveship, the Golden Grove of Leith, hoisted ber broad sails, with many a fluttering pendant and streamer above £em, snd stood proudly down the Firth of Forth, designing to reach ihe open iceeo ut fflr from the hill, well known' to mariners by the name of the North Berwick Lew. On board of the Golden Grove, I,' rnfird Lindsay, then in my twenty-second yrar, was, you must know, a sailor, and I lope a bold one. My father was a fisherman, and as X may say, his coble was my oradlo. . Haaj ft rough rocking in truth it bestowed upon me, for it was his nee even before 1 loald go aloue, to carry me with him a fish- jog, wrapped up, it may be, in a tattered gall, while my mother, with a creel upon her back, Joiimcyod through the landward towns, and fo the houses of the gentry, to sell the spoil 4/i hook and not. lYe fared hard and worked hard ; for no mow industrious folk lived in the fisbor-town if Kirk Leslie, ft pleasant, and goodly spot, lying- not far from the East of Neuk of Fife, ' nan old Baric Lindsay and Jess, his wife ' sod my mother. Many a weary night and fey hove come and gone sinoe I beheld that . baseh whereon I was born ; but I oan yet Ant my eyes and see onr cottage and our boat— called the "Royal Thistle — rocking at the Joe of the long rough pier of unhown wltlnsloue, gathered from the wild muirs aronnd, wbiob ran into the sea and sheltered the tittle fisher harbour, formed by the burn if Balwoarie, where it joins tho waters of its fabric pools to the salt brine. Opposite our house was a pretty green bourock, as wc called it, that is to say, a little hill, mostly of bright green turf, with bunches of bent and long grass, which rustled with a sharp sad grand when the oast wind . blew sndl, aid creeping cosily into the chimney neuk, ye would listen to the roaring of the .sea. Bui tho bourock waa oftentimes brown vitb nets or with wet sails stretobed them to fey, a ud below it there lay, half-buried in fe eand, old boats, mouldering away, and . justs and oars all shivered, bleaching like tig bonce in the son and the rain. 1 remember old Davie Lindsay my father veil. He was a stern, big man, with a grisly grey beard, shaved bat - once a month. No fisher on the coast had a surer hand for the tiller or a firmer grip? to haul aft the sheet of the kigsail in & fresh breeze and a gathering m a. Often when we were rising and falling on Ihe easterly swell, half-a-score miles from £iik Leslie pier, he loved to tell me old- world tales and sing old-world songs of the sea. Then would he recount how the Rover sunk the l>ell which good abbot Ignatius, of Aberbrothwick, caused to be placed upon the wild Bell Rock, as a guide to poor mariners ; and how the pirate dreed the weird — that is, underwent the fate — he had prepared for himself, and lost with ship and crew on that very reef. Sometimes, too, he would drop hie'voice, and when I came close to bim, he would speak of great monsters in the sea ; of the ocuan snake, whose head looked up at the bridge- of Stirling, and whose tail wont nine times around the Bass ; of singing mermaids . who come upon the yellow sands at night, and beguile men with their falsa lays, till they leave house and home, being bo witch od by tho glamour of elfin palaces under the brine : and, most terrible of all, of phantom ship? with crews of ghosts, which sailors sec by ihe palo glimmerings of tho moon, when it shines through the driving scad, upon a mirk midnight and a roar ing sea. But, then, if I was fright- i ened and cried, my father, would straightway claugc tho theme, and burst out with a strong clear voice into some loud fishing song, or, what 1 loved better still, into some brave, ancient ballad, about the fair kingdom of Scoihud, and its gallant kiugs and etui wart knights ; and oi such, my favourite was the by if Sir Patrick Speus, for he was both a knigut and a sailor. The kings'ts in Dunfermline towr\ Drinking the blade-red winr, 0 trhire will I g-H a t-koely skipper Tit siil lb s ship of tniao I Then up nnd Bpake an cldern kuL??t', 1 Sat at tbe king's right tneo, I Bir ratrir-k Rpcns is the best sail.' »r I That cm aaile-l the sea. I Oil, I can yet hear my father's strong voice rising oTer the dash of the water and tho | aoi.n of the vund, as ho sung the brave voya?o of Sir Patrick to Norroway. to bring home the king's daughter ; but his tones voul 1 pink and grow hoarse aud low, when ltfilanted the storm, and the perishiug of fill tie fair company on the voyage homer 0\. forty mile off Aberdeen "Tu ttftjr fathom deep, And there lies gude Sir Patri-k Si>iis, Wi' the Scots l irds at liis feet. By father s long home was also tho bottom of tlw sea. One wild Murch day, the coble left Kirk Leslie pier without me. I staid at I brae mending n drodpo-nct with my I ttolL.r. The r ; terly bar was on tbe I coast, that is ro say, thick cold mists I ttdakc-en wind As tbe sun rose high eo I did the- tempest: we could see nought sea- I 5 for the grey fog was out upon the I iter, imt every uve come white, over and I over the pier, fro:'1 end to end. My mother I vect to and fro, and praying to hcr- I fadwd !: 1 many another fisher - I wife, for they b;i I urreat cause. The niglit I awful. I cowering beside my I ttotiwr, who wa? : eking lier&elf; on a settle I h®1, apron ovor licr head ; or now and I jlafl I jowftith lantcr- 1 upou masts to show the I mouth i > tho poor folks at sea. I w>ats, wit!) '-r.?ws pale and worn, made I !re before t! » day ; nn hour after dawn I v'bloeame te-!ng to the outside belt of I kit—but she "3? bottom upwards. I » a voonlh after this, my mother and! I father'-. a very old man, and a I 2itt45aer.f tlc WA- He sent me to I -nAi "miiii« Buchanan, a learned carle, I h T.I nwn " n,mt Mioved to be of the I th.. ! iiC n;a' ' " 'rdie Buohanan, of whom I SIT? ' '"'hich aure'y arc «le I JS.j.r prave men, I ml he tavse unmercifully, as his I tin.. iF'ri't I1R Jamie, could in his I etdnll Jj school I was diligent, I Pleased master and friends. I "P. to "?y sixieenth birthday, I I ' DramrX, r s ,n thc boat of Saunders I in£ 1 to> m rJateru«l uncle, when de- I bedlrrimrc? myoou"te than could I Kirk Lesilm-0Ur jlrl1heet voyages between I ttclalw STft th.6<1lroer- fisheries at I «»Zt SS ull of Mbk- 1 mnde I i» thc nIou Iwi t of Tiearfivoycars, I tj KitkaHv ?an "Pfabrne, belonging I fititid the tulK which tune I twice I fijiac alsol!!1 1" o Ia>ndon : I burinea tlf? rr wit" 8 8' cargo I I?-8?0. world further I b) go on baaWl IV 'ptant preferred rather I » common? 1 Gold I n '? ra of tbe Jean i I ®ctr Jobn fU. ni .0?,lr''icf1 was offered I alfiicbrig. W8M0a' abipporand part owner I ray coming to think of tlic I having 5 0 -Tcan Livingstone I VunA?®1 Yarmouth to I das hv (i. f bile they were delivered I SSto preparing at I iNf.aiiAfnt!... fb . 8 voyage to I >d?b?divera ports on the I Mediterraneannefl. Kow I to be fast fading from my mind. Indeed, I mu,t tell y,,,, (mat rl is to the exertions of that learned man that this narrative is alto- gather owing, for he, seeing, as Le wa, plcaacd U5 say, a more coagenial1 soil ia my mind for the seeds of his instructions than J? pnent®d By the other fisher-boys, took great pains to imbue ine with a lore for the humanities, which has not deserted me entirely until this day. After much pander, tog upou my prospects, X therefore finally offer myself on board of the Golden Grove, which I did, aud was «c«pted without more ado. My friends vonld hare mo pause and think of the dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and robbers of the eea ; but I know Captain John Loxon, of theGoldon Grove, to be a stout and experienced seaman, and one who woe readily trusted with rich freights— while. as # i when I looked upon tlio array of culverins, demi-culverina, and falconets, ranged upon tho decks, and also the Bhow of carabines and patterrcrocs placed about tho with many stout fellows to man aud W»eld ihcra, I felt wo could bid defiance to Tjover who ever sailed ont of Sallee. Therefore, to make a long story short, we completed our cargo, took in provisions and ! water, and, as has been eaid, on a fine May morning, I do not remember tho oract dav, sailed. The wind was so fair that by even- fall we saw St: Abb's Head. And here ut the outset of whet was to nre so adventurous a voyage, I would des- senbe ciy captain and my shipmates, as well as the stout vessel herself, the latter being indeed a brave craft, with top-gallant foro- castle and high poop, surmounted by three great lanterns ; but, as the reader will shortlv perceive, the Golden Grove and I soon parted company, and I never saw cither her or any of her crew again. Wo carried the fair north wind with as all along the English coast, until passing through the Straits of Dover, we bade fare well to the white cliffs. Then in two days' time wc haw upon ' the larboard bow great rocks which form the cape called La Hoguc, in France, and pasting to the westward of the isluud of Guernsey, sighted tho tittle isle of Ushact lying off the port of Brest, where the French maiutaia fleets and great naval stores. Hereabouts the wind changed, veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast that we could well discern that we were no longer in tho narrow seas, but exposed to the groat strength and fierceness of tbe Atlantic or Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, we made good progress. Tbe breeze was not steady, but blew in squalls, making it often necessary to hand topsails, and raising great seething seas around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall on the eighth day of our voyage, we lost sight of Lshant and entered into the great Bav of Biscav. The sea here runs exceedingly high, tumbling into the shore in great ridges of blue water ; but with a stout ship, well manned, the nature of the waves is not so dangerous as that of the short, boiling suiges in thc North Sea. And now I come to the accident which so sadly deter mined my lot for many a day. On the morning of either the 13th or the 14th May the weather was squally and un settled, and the sea irregular and high. About 8 o'clock, looking forth to windward, I saw a great blackness in the sky, which I took to be the prelude of a gust of no common strength. At the same moment the mate of tbe watch ordered the topmen aloft to hand the topsails, we carrying at the moment no higher canvas. My station was upon the leeward fore-topsail yardann, and as L clung by tho xn&nropes; to the great creaking pieces of timber, grasping the fluttering canvas of the sail, I thought I had never soon a finer right tii an tho great rolling ship below, wallowing and labouring in the white foaming seas, which would sometimes strike her and pour heavy masses of cleargreen water in a flood over the decks. When we were securing the sail, the motion aloft was very great, we being violently swung from side to side in such wise as might well make giddy even the grizzled hoaaof au old mariner. Meantime, the gust to windward was coming fast; the blackness increased, and a rushing eouod, as of the chariot wheels of a host, lose above thc rude clamour of the sea. Then, amid great showers of flying brine, which it drove be fore it, tho fierce wind struck tho Golden Grove bodily over upon her side. At the same instant I heard a hoarse voice below summoning the men from the yards down upon deck ; but as I was about to obey, tbe tempest grew terrible, There were great clouds of mist above me, through which I could see nought below but the white patches of waves breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly tho canvas, which had not been quite necuted, was torn open, a it were, with a loud screech by the wind, aud flapped and banged so that I felt the very must shake and quivc-r violently, while J received rude blows from the loose aud flying ropes, insomuch as, being half btiuod by that and thc pelting of thc brine, I shut my eyes, and bending down ray head grasped the yard firaiily in my anus. I might have remained thus three or four second., when Iheardtheloudhowlof the wind suddenly in- crea&etousortof; eldritch scream. Ina moment, tbe must gave two violent jerks, and with the third 1 heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and imme diately :i crashing of wood. Thou, still cling ing to the yard, I was hurried with u mighty rush through the uir, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all gurgling over my hend, aud I knew at ihe pamo time that the Golden Grove had carried away her foro topmast, aud I was overboard in the boding sea . By instinct, I suppose, I struggled to climb upon thc floating wreck so as to get my head aud shoulders above water. Then I saw that I was alone iu my misery. I have said that my station was at thc outer end of tbe yard, and I conceive that my shipmates must, hove gained thc top, and from thence. I hoped, the deck. But as for me, I saw nought but speedy drowning for ray fate. The seas rose in great foaming peaks aud pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from thc crests of the waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy clouds passed swiftly, torn by the squall ; but tho pitohv darkness which showed where its strength lay, was fur down to leeward, and looking thereat as I rose upon a higher sea thau common, I faintly descried tho ship in a crippled plight, but having managed to put her helm up so as to scud before thc storm. Sbo wns already near a league aw&y;, aud leaving ine fast, so that the bitterness of death rose up in my very heart. For a moment I thought I might as well die at ouce, and letting go xuy hold of the spare, 1 allowed myself to sink backward into the sea. But God has wisely made man to love lifo with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death an with a grim enemy . Therefore, as the water closed above me, and I felt suffocating, I could not help making a struggle, which soon replaced mc on my desolate scat on the floating wreck. I looked at the spars, and suw that the topmast had broken only about a foot beneath tbe place to which the yard had been lowered. Nearly the whole of "the forctop and the top-gallaut masts of the Golden Grove, with the frag- monts of the foretopsail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore in the sea. I clambered in from the cud of the yard, and took up mv position where thc mast and it crossed each other; making myself fast thereto with one of thc numerous cuds of brokeu rope which aliouuded, and for near an hour satdismal and almost broken-hearted, un- heedful of how the waves tossed me to and fro, or how thov sometimes burst oror and almost stifled me. I waa somewhat roused by a fediug of warmth, and looking abroad saw that the clouds had broken, and that thc sun was shining brightly on the sea. Thc wind was also abated, and the waves not combing so violently, I was more at ease. Then I heard that terrible sound — the sound of tbe sea alone— which no one has listened to save he who has swam far from any vessel, or who, like myself, has clung to a driving spar. On the beach you hear the surf, where the waves buret upon rock or aand ; on shipboard you hear the dashing of tho billows on counter aud prow , and, above them all, tho abrh of the wind and the groaning of the timbers masts. But to hear the sea alone, you must ho alone upon the boa I will tell you of tbe noioe : it is as of a great multitudinous hiss, rising universally about you — tho buzz of tlio fermenting and yeasty waves. There are no deep, hollow rumblings. Except for that hissing, seething sound, the great billows riso and sink in silence ; and you look over a tumbling waato of blue or green wrater, all laced and dnshed, and variegated with a thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of white glancing froth, which embroider as it were witii lacc, tho dark of heaving and falling ocean. Hearing thi sound, and seeing this sight, I tossed until the euu got high jind warm. I felt no very pngnant anguish, for my sonl was clothed, as It were, in a species of lethargy — tho livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, but thoughts and tongue would grow benumbed together. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. 1 heard a sharp little dash ia the water, and a soft quackle, as of a sea-fowl. Looking- up, I desoried beside me two ducks of that species which, we, in the Scottish seas, called mar- rots ; they aro white on the breast and neck, and brown abovo, and haro very bright, glancing, yellow eyes. Moreover, they dive, and use their short wings under water, as other fowls do theirs in flying. By tho appearance of tbese creatures I knew that land was, at farthest, within two d&TS; Sail. Them — filUncr cravltr nvor anoti sea — thoy swam for houra, seeming to look at me ; sometimes they would dive, but tlicy never went far from the wreck, always coming up and riding head to -wind, with their kcon yellow eyes fixed, as I thought, upon tho poor drowning mariner. They seemed tame and fearless— for, indeed, what should they dread from me 7 Once, in a sort of melancholy mirth, I raised my arm threateningly, but they stirred neither wing nor leg to flee, lifting over seas which would make a great man-of-war work and groan to her very keel, but which these feathered ships, built by God, could outride without a film of down being washed asido from their white breasts. The sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend the westerly skies, and the afternoon waa fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a summer broezo. Sonetimes when on the crest of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought save tho bright horizon, against which the sharp outlines of the waves rose and fell in varying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned myself to death, and, covering my face with ' my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than sung inwardly to myself, mauy verses of _ psalms, which, when I " was but a little child, I had repeated at my mother's ; knee. Meantime, I began to feel a stiffen ing and a heavy drowsin&-s over all my limbs and upon my soul. When I opened my eyes the heaving waters turned into divers colours before my sight, so that I knew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was de parting. Howbeit, a holy tranquility came down upon me. The blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw — bat dimly — the green bourock and tho sweet, soft swarded links of the Balwoarie burn, with the brown herring nets drying on tbe windy gross. The place seemed holy and still ; the sun was hot, and none were stirring, and presently I know it was a summer Sabbath day, for lrom out thc open windows of the grey old kirk there came a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, as it were, in my brain, the voices of the congregation, as they sang — In Judah'a land Qod is well known, His name in Israel's great, In Salem ia bis tabernacle, In Zion is His seat. After this, there came on me silence and darkness, I having gradually fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rude shocks and polls, and a confused clamour of voices. Opening my eyes with effort, I saw surging npon thc brokeu water, close to the spars, a ship's boat with men, one of whom — he who rowed the. boat oar— had grasped the collar of my sea doublet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort he succeeded, ere I could well makeoatwhereaboutsl was. Atthe same time several voices asked, in two different languages, what was my name aud country, and how I came there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the one being French and the other Low Dutch, of which I had hoard and picked up somewhat iu my several voyages up thc river Scheldt to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster cay senses, replied truthfully that my name was "Leonard Lindsay — that I wns a Scotsman, a mariner of thc ship Golden Grove, of Leith, whero- from I had fallen overboard, the spar to which I clung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempestuous weather. At this they consulted in a low tone amongst themsolveii. They were all seafarimr men, mostly very swarthy, aud teuncd by the sun aud tin wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold carirngs, which glanced amid their greasy curls. Only two wore fair and blue-eyed— namely, thc men who first addressed mo in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for u brief time beside the spars, andecemiug to consult as to whether they w«rro worthy to be made a prize of, they decided in thc negative, and dipping their ours into thc water, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching tho run of the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In tho meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of the boat, and looking over thc bows, saw, not more than a third of a mile from us, a bark, which Appeared to be both small and frail to con- toud will) such a sea. The inuuuer of her rig was new aud strange to me, for she carried two masts, both very stout and short, and above them were two great supple yards, upon which was spread a good show of canvas, each sail Iwing of that trinagulur form, called by tho seamen who use them, lateen. In fine, tbe ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean coast of France, and was of the class named fcluc it was necessary to approach thc vessel with great caution, inasmuch as she rolled and surged excessively. Wo therefore came slowly up, under her lee quarter, and a man, of very dark complexion, and the fleryest eyes I ever saw, jumped up upon the gun wale, and hailed tho boat in French, hut talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown ou board, it was made fast to mc, aud without mure ado, I was soused into the ach, and dragged on board tbe felucca, where I lay panting on the dock, while the crow — very wild and fierce-loo king sailors — amused them selves with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, the nun who had bailed thc boat, and who seemed to have great authority on board, came up to me, aud putting the rest aside, said more deliberately tliau before, but still in French, and with a peculiar accent — " You arc not, then, a Spaniard ?" I mustered my few words of French, and answered, that — "I was not, but a Scots man." Without more ado, ho stooped over) me. and searched my pockets. Thoy contained some small English coins, being groats and silver penuies, and also a letter, which Captain Swaoson, of the Jean Livingstone, had written to me to Leith. The eight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for he spoke a lew words in a kinder tone to those about him, and presently leaving me, a man dressed iu a tarnished livery, like a lackey, brought me a great cup of hot dis tilled waters, which I greedily swallowed, aud found myself comforted and refreshed. Being, however, much exhausted from the length of time which I had passed in the water, I laid me down upon a heap of sails in tbe forecastle, and being takeu but little notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for my deliverance, and began to drop off to sleep. Only beforehand, like a sailor, I observed thc oourse of the ship. The wind being westerly, aud she being close-hauled, and labouring heavily to windward, 1 deemed, aud with truth, that hor destination must bo across the Atlantic. But whithersoever she went, with my then feelings, mattered little. I was saved from an early death, and grate ful for my escape, I fell into a deep aud dreamless Bleep. When I wakened it was dark night, and the first watch was set. As thc wind, how ever, was now very steady, and tho sea not only lower but regular, the men were mostly lying and dozing about the deck, except he that conned and he that steered. Seeing me stirring, a sailor presently came to me with a lantern in his hand, and, to rhy great joy, addressed mc in English, asking me from from whence I came, end the particulars of my disaster. Having shortly informed him, I requested that he. would tell me what tbe ship was which had rescued me, and what manner of treatment.. I might expect at the hands of the captain and crew. At first, he made ae if he would put off talking of tlieso matters, hut as I was import unote, he asked me in turn, wbetk& I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, but principally Englishmen, French men, and Hollanders, who carried ou a con stant warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of tjip West Indies, and along the coast of Daricn, sometimes even crossing that narrow neck of land, and descending with fire and'sword npon Panama and other towns of the South Sea. To this I replied, that certainly I had heard of those companies) but only very partially and nothing distinctly, thattbey were, I suppose, the adventurers called Flibustiers or Bucoanecis. and more anciently the 44 Brethren of the Coast." My new friend made answer moodily, that I should most probably have ample moans of learning more of tbese Freebooters ere I putmy foot on British ground again — "That is," says he, "after you linvo either escaped or served your time. Those phrases naturally threw mo into giwt bruuuie, ana j. earnestly askcit what lie signified by them. 'Why," he replied, "that you will be sold as au apprentice, or iu other words, us a slave, to ihe French West India Company, iu tho Islo of Tortugas, on tho northern coast of Hispaniola, whither we are bound." At these words I grew sick at heart. ' Better," I said, ' to have allowed me drown in that sea than to have rescued me only to sell me into slavery." y Not so," au wcred my companiou, some thing sternly. u You ore young, aud have a thousand hopes before you. The hand that miraculously preserved you this, day is over stretched out in wisdom and mercy, readier to help than to chastise." lTO BE coxtisted.) 