TliL, thoe history of AustralnBian .it ik. coma to l;o wittcn, tho great s tiugglo 'oF 1800 will figure an ono of the ?iost foolhalrdy and disastrous ever uiidetnken by fedo'anod hil.our,. nsed ioil? a coniiarat'ively fliny p:roetext, it wiiweaitaited oii ly the la?our leando. 'tifthi aji.itlsses ind glhe himilar to that With tltich: sipoloov II leld the anmie of France in 1870 against tioe hluto Hiobonzollern, to the. cry of "To Berlin." Thodestruction of tlh capital ist and tho reconstruction of society wore the objects to be achieved by the in vincible strength of trades- unionismn and it was evidently hoped that the un furling of tli banners and the marshal ling of the forces would be the signal for the immediate capitulation of the enemy. But Napoleofi reckoned with out his host, and tlohe labour leaders of Australasia are at this moment farther off from victory than over they were. In those columnOs we have always advocated views which we believe to be in accord ance with historical fact and sound principle. Our attitude on the strike question has not been approred by some, possibly because they have failed to understand it. But we are quite' ,ure that when the smoke of the couflict lias cleared away, and the principles at .take are examined in *the light of a serene and 'clear atmosphere, the view hold by us, in common with nine-tenths of the Press of Australia, will be regarded as the right ones. The question is lot one of trades-unionism in the ab stract, much less it that of the poor lean as against the rich. In these democratic days, scarcely two opinions are held upon the questions thus ox iressed, Trades- unionitsm has wrought nuch benefit to the industrial classes as a wholo, It has practically emancipated labour, and raised the labourer from a condition of almost serfdom to that lihe tlown occupies in the social And industrial world. But t it is a wilful misrepresenta. tion to say that the prosent crisis is " a supreme struggle fof the very existence of trades-utloaioism" The existence of unionism had not beenthreatened in any qnarter. The owners and employers hiave probably little reason to regard it wilth faittw.' It has oftentimes nmagni lied small grievatices, cicated a spirit of Inrest anld dlesitisfaetiou amongst urn ploy ad r sid lid ididnstitts idle tat most inoppottutle thilse It hlta dlscourgw d the investment of capital in directious that would have given employment to labour,. Capitalists have. preferred to receive a modest bank interest, with al most absolute certainty of return;rather thanu to islk the loss of all by investing in industries that would beto liable to paralysis at any moment by a dispute in whlich.probably ~hoy had no share, In this i'ay, there is a contra accolunt oeven? to thl:e benefits of uniouism in the past. lUt the balance of advantage is in its favur, It is a recog.ised institution, and in its legitimnato sphere is advauta geous alike to the employers and to the men. But it is evident from the de mannlseof the present labour leadors, that itis something more thau the exist. ence of treavles-uunionism they are con tending for.. It is nothiug' short of its supremhiey; .new rejimn o is sought to be;setup in the land, 3r, M'Mil?lan was right when he desetlbed the Labour Defence Committio as assuming the functions of a "semi-revolutionary Geoiorinmoist," and as issuing orders in. fringing oti the liberty of the subject, and ca!culated to disturb the peace of the conmmuity and to hinder the carrpy ing ouit of its lawful occupations. What cver sympathy: may be 'i~lt for the cause of labour, who ban justify: the open attempt to p'ovent a man from gaining an honest living unless he sur renders himself'to theo union ? Is there so little of the BDitistmlove of fair play e!iil existing, z4 that tho barbarous practice of boycotting, to say nothing.of violent intimidation, can b.oapproved of as ameans of furthering the ends of unionism ? Supposing that the unions should gain all that they are now con. tending for, What woul. be the advan. .tage in the long run ovev, to the labour. ing classes, They would, hav thrtown off ono tyranny (if .labour, lia been that); to substitute another, whichlwo!ld not only dictate the hours and terms of employment, but even refuse him the very chiance of getting employmeilt at all, if it suited its ends to do so. All premiums 'on personal rescollonco atd industry would be at an end, and th'l old adage would be elevated into a rutl inglaw, that "'Jach's. a good as blil master," and the unhandy and idle quitu equal to the intelligent -and 'Industrious. Woreo even than thls, it would be de clared that the honiotiablo observance of undorstandinga is a by-gone qunllty, and that security ofcontract has given up the ghost along with freedom of the same. Long after this dispute-is over, t'le iniquiitoui action of the unions in ropudiating the contracts entered into with squatters, and their wanton efforts to punish the whole community bacause of their failure to bring the shipowners to their feet, will be remom brced, to the discredit of unionism in general. The Knights of Labour of America attempted a few years ago to oiorco capital and society in the same way. The organisation at the time was 8,000,000 strong, anul was thought to be invincible. Their sucooes at the tinm, however, was only partina, The organizrrtinj was discredited in public opinion, and iae bcna on the wano ever eiuae, it is eey to predict that the same result will follow here. Enormous losses will be sustaino3 by all classes as the result of the present contest. Em ployment will be scarce for months to come, and, under the most favourable conditions, only a portion of the strikers will over recover tle places they hare so wantonly thrown up. Few of the marine officers will be reinstated. Tile coal mines will be necessarily idle for want of orders fLr some time to come. A good deal of busineuss has gone, never to return. And after the present leaders of the labour party have enjoyed their brief day of power and of noisy popu larity, they will be able to carry into their retirement the comfortable reflec tion that they have made Anaetralia,a glorious country for many of the work ing men to live-out of., I a Borough hlkoiama whoere there is.eo little absolute poverty, it is dimoult to imagine the existence of a necessity for put. ting the law in motionfor the recovery of Municipal rates. Even w ide-siread feel. ing among the ratepayers that a large pro portion of the rates is wasted, is not sufl cient to account for this necessity, for iMuni-. oipal taxation founded on Legislative enact ment must :bo paid, it is recoverable by legal process, and the fiction of law is that the taxpayers have power to regulate oxpenses, A conviction of the unfairnes to the regular or habitual p,?yers, of put. ting off the evil day until a sumnmons is iessned;' added to the further fact that the legal costs invariably fall on themsolves, should have a corrective influence, and we hope this conviction will take root and bring forth fruit. This, however, will not provide a remedy for aldormanic blunders in going to law, whether for the preserva tion of corporate or personal dignity, attempting to recover rates twice over, or seeking to recover them fromt other than those who are legally bound to pay them, Boadors of the ndTpendrcdnt will net readily forgot the corry figturo cut by the Council mn a r'ecent hietrict CoUtrt whent reisting the clahm of a coltractor for the bahtice of his tenhderl theLo difference ito depute tinotnted to only a fet' shillings but this was resisted by the Clork and in his defendethe Ctoutcil Went to law and lost, and thuts the farote payers had to pay the costs of a suit, esscentially one between the Cloerk nd the ontraotor, Subsequently the Council sought by legal process to maintain its dignity by punishing this same contractor for the alleged crhimo of disturbing thb Council by presoenting it, during session, with a pair' of boxing gloves, but the Council's Information broke down and the case was withdrawnr a iocond attempt weas made, but with exactly similar results. This was eseontially a case between tho Meayor and the Contractor for the defence of the Council's dignity, as he (the Mayor) took the initiative and seemed to feel the indignity most acutely, but having recontly announced the probable abandonment of legal proceedings, what becomes of the Councils or Mayoral dignity ? and how do the ratopaydrs lihikpajiung the costs? The Council lhad another legal exhibition at the 8mall Debts Court on Tuesday last, (the ordinary opitomical report of which will be found elsewhereo in the present eissue), and it never suffered greater humiliation, for out of oight caseos heard, four were ignominiously lost, In the first and principal case, Mr O. lullou was the defendant, and ihe repudiated his lae bility for the. rautes of his toaunts, aind, according to. his ovininc, had done so for years past, and iuvariably, it not always3 , sent the rejected olaims or rato papere back to the Clerk or Treasuror with a verbtal or'written disclaimer' of hability for his tenant's rates he stated that lie had not at any time consontedto or made arrangements with the Council or others to pay those rates, nor was it attempted to prove the contrary, yet, strange to say, the ratepapers were always sent to him; he further denied over having paid those rates except when Judge faokhouso wrongfully gave a verdict against him, and then, be. caeuso of impending execution, he could not help himeolf, yet the cowardly trickl was perpetrated ,of producing, the Council'i ratobook to prove that this comnpulsory payment had boon voluntary on the part of Mr, G, Bullon, the depfinduant, ''hore was oatiotctpt ates'ropuctabl rebuttlingovideico on the part of thoCounell, whose caoe was diamissed with Court costs,?but.this verdio? Was stabseqtuently altered toa non suit with' 2r Bttllen's tcotlent, ad the Council would thian be able to recover from the tenants, and this change of verdirt, what over may be said of ts legality-another case having boon coalleod, n-wus at least consistent With and conservative of muni. cipal rights, but Mr. 13ullonle's application for a guinea personal costs-not for .him cself but to give to the Hospital, was roefused, John Byrne, the poet defendant, was sued for overdue rate..l2s,.;bett..b produce.., reooipt,erl..fs 4d for rates paid on the only i;ntcableo property hlie occupied, and .for which he only could possibly be assessed, t' was oxplainod that the wrong porsot had been sued, but this was! scareooly. ten able, as the defendant fI tho only man of the name in the ward I the case was, there. fore, very properly distmissed, and de al lowed for his broken day, In the next caseo Mr, Henry Tidmarah was sued for rates of one and -ha-lf acres of land in Shoalhavon-strceet, a property he never owned nor hadin hie possession, but he produced a receipt for the current year's sates on the only rateablo property he oo oupicd; the defendant was allowed is for attending court, and the withdrawal of the case was ullowed at the request of the Mlayeor, who oxplaiuoied that the ratopapors in the two last cases wore originally served on the landlord, Mer James Pike, who had returned thoem with instructions to gon' re covery from the tonants, but Whether Mr' Pike gave the tenants' names did not transpiro. The dofeibdlant in the last case was a Mr. Northam, who, after consider able search by the bailitff, at the ratopityors' exponse, was found located outside the municipal boundary in the Shoalhavon dis trict. This fact had also boon communicated by defendant to the Mayor, at whoso requesO t the case was withl drawn. The loss ill this case may have been the result of accident, yet with well paid assessors and revisors of asssess. monts and a thoroughly.elomlcient town clerk, it is not too much to expect that such ox pensive and humiliating accidents should he "few and far betweeoon." It is worthy of notice that, apparently the firstrequest by Mr. Pike, that his tenants be held respon sible by the Council for the rates of tlhir lholdings, was complied with, whilo, accord ing to the evidence of Mr; Bullen, his repeated similar requests weore treated with contempt, and it is not sufficient to say three months dtlay occurred in the last instaneo, for the Council hlad flvq. days notice before the. hearing, yet decided in spito of commoa s'ense and prudence the case should go on, and it' eis diffloult to imagine:- hy -th· beooaks of the Council should be mreado to toll lies to win a lad 'cae' anld to convict Mr. Bulloh of falsehood, The ratopayers do not require that their interests should be bolstered up by such objectionable morality, and there .is no . reanocn why Mr. Builei~ ahoulld 1.;.inhve had personal costs as well as Messrse, Tidmarsh and Byrneo, CThis leader was written for last issue, but was unavoidably hold ovor,--?E, KI,] 