.scan-: ixdiax supekstitioxs Tkmti.e B.vi:. The natives of India have many curi ous beliefs .and superstitions, some of which are essentially Oriental in their nature, others common to many nations and shaved by ourselves only a few centuries ago. One day an English magistrate was paying a visit to a Hindu gentleman who was ail old friend of his, in the course of which lie happened to yawn; to his astonishment up jumped the Elijah as if galvanised, and began furiously snapping liis fingers in start ling proximity to his face. Observing his visitor's look of unfeigned surprise ho explained that this was (lone to scare away the devils who might have other wise seized the opportunity to j ump down his throat. How strange it seems to us, this practical belief in devils, and fear of them, combined with so insultingly low an idea of their intelligence and power! I once heard, however, an odd instance of the same fear and yet contempt for unseen powers shown by an English lady in the biyrbmi"# <>f this century—a llishop's wife, too!—who was afraid of ghosts, and if left alone in the house would whistle as she walked through the passages at night in order that i/tr mii/lit'-(tike lirr ft>ru man. The Scriptural belief in possession by a devil is held to this day by the natives of India, and | very recently a case came before au English magistrate in Bengal in which a Brahmin was charged with having caused the death of a lad by his attempts to exorcise an evil spirit. The boy had been made to lie 011 his back, in tho presence of his parents and other sympathising relatives, while tho priest danced 011 his chest, calling on the name of his god, "0 Baal, hear!" But whether the god was sleeping, or whether the devil in departing took with him the boy's own spirit, cannot be known. The liov died, and the civil surgeon, knowii g nothing of tho nature of exorcism, repor ted that he had died from injuries caused by the priest. Bike the Itussiaiis at the present day, the Hindus think it brings a person ill luck to be openly admired or praised, and if you should praise, or even look too admiringly at, a child the mother will hastily withdraw it from notice, | and either hea t it or say something dis paraging of it in order to eouuteraet your ill-omened admiration and avert the | jealously of the gods. The belief in some form of ordeal for proving the guilt or iniioeenee of an accused person is another of the traditions of the past which wo "Westerns have out grown and east aside, hut which still forms part of the practical belief of the people in India. Of this I remember ail instance occtiring within my | experience, on the occasion of a robbery having been committed in my honse, when the police summoned the whole o f my servants to the police station in order that each 0:1.1 might separately and .solemnly lie put to test. It was a droll sight to see. the procession setting forth 011 this mission, headed liy the mag nificent Khans ima and tho imperious hearer, and tailing oil through minor dignitaries down to the indifferently clothed coolies who brought up the rear. The ordeal is conducted by ti Mahomiiiedan priest, who mutters eertair mysterious invocations over the Koran, which is then pronounced to have the power of pointing out the guilty person liy opening miraculously at a condemna tory passage when touched by him. A factor in this experiment, doubtless much even if unconsciously, relied upon for bringing it to a successful issue, is tho power of superstitious fear over the conscience of the guilty person. To most natures the idea of being discovered j j'l this supernatural and awful manner is so terrible that the culprit rather than risk | it will make voluntary confession,and so deprecate the heavier anger of tho gods reserved for those who defy them. On this occasion tho Koran unhesitatingly pointed out one of the servants as the thief. "Whether he was innocent, as he maintained, or merely unimpressionable and hard of heart as wo bad much reason for believing, I cannot say—but confess he would not, and living as wc do in the nineteenth century, ho could not bo im prisoned on the solo testimony, however conclusive, of tho Koran, nor, owing to the".modern prejudice there exists against applying torture, coidd ho ho made to confess. The conditions which mado trial by ordeal so generally successful in tho Ages of Faith are altogether wanting in the present sceptical and scrupulous generation. Tho reproach of scepticism cannot however he applied to Hindustanis. Their powers of belief arc lihildlike. I was once taken to sec a miraculous spring that had suddenly appeared in a dry and barren spot, and was bringing in much to the Fakir who had appointed himself its guardian. It was very small—scarcely to be dis cerned until pointed out—audi of little faith even thought in secret that it could he produced by the holy man's pouring in water every night. But small :is was the hole lie sucked thereout no small I advantage, for the people's faitli is large, I and crowds of pious persons made pilgrimages to the divinely favored spot. Curious instances might 1>« collected from tho records of Indian law courts illustrative of the old-world beliefs of the people, which arc brought at times into such strange collision with the legal forms of procedure established by our modern lawyers. A man was once being tried for murder when he put forward si pica such as could only have occurred to an Oriental and to a believer in the trans migration of souls. lie did not deny having killed the mail—011 the contrary lie deseriocd in detail the particulars of the murder—but he stated in justifica tion that his victim and I10 had been acquainted in a previous state of ex istence, when the now murdered man had murdered him, in proof of which he showed a great seam across his side | which had been the sword-cut that had ended his previous existence. He further | said that when he heard lie was again to he sent into this world he entreated his master to excuse him for coming, as he had a presentiment that lie should meet his murderer and that harm would come of it. All this he stated in perfect earnestness and simplicity, and with evident conviction of its truth and force j —a conviction shared by a largo number of those 111 court. The most recent proposal for a huge bridge is for 0110 across the Boephoms, a projeofc for wliich has been made out by a French engi neering company. The historic and pictur esque channel between the shores of Europe and Asia, which connects the sea of Mnrmora with tlio Euxine, is S72 yards broad,and it is proposed that tho bridge to span it should be of one areli only. In these days of huge bridges this should not offer very serious difficulties from au engineering point of view, if the financial ones can he got over. Various projects have been put forward to the same effect during the past twenty years, hut it was not considered that the bridge would bo useful enough to justify tho enormous ex pense which it would entail. Railways have, however, developed very much duriug recent years, and it is now thought that, if con structed, it would not as a link in the local railway system, and eventually pay a fair return on the money invested in it. 