JEONARlD LINDSAY, TEHE STORY OF A BUCCANEER, Br ANGUS B. BEACH. CHAPTER VIII--(Corrincrz.) "With this, mates, Ned rurvis walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply., The rest of the crew were whisper ing in groups upon the forecastle, and the poor old captain was standing w-incing his hands beside the magic host. - So, presentl-y, Ned spoke to two or three of the mes, and \- they snook htuta with hinm nill promised to standby kim. Then he went down to his berth and took out a great pistol, snd care fully examined the louk and cltaned it; after wards he opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hammered into a round ba!l, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he looled the pistol. So presently, armed in this fashion, he came on deck, tihe men ftllorine Mitr by ones and twos, and smarched rih to tlhel "door of the great cabin. His tee Iu st him at the door. " What do yun 'twaet here ' quoth the old man; "take umy- advice. and tet him alone." "No," sars Ned, "I brought himt here. and I'll make youll rid of himn;" and so say lng, he put tile old man aside, and cnterl-d the cabin. It was almost dark, but tlie lighlt from the binnacle cane down throuhart the skrlight, and shawel the strange prs'en'er sitting there, as the captain had described, with his back to tie rudder-case. " Ned Purvis :sarehed heavily in. and the phantom, or whatever it was, looked up at him. and so the- remained for more than a minute staring istocsch osthers eves. The men were watching them over each other's shonulders at the door. " ' Font weather Don,' says Net at last, as told as steel, ' you're more free than wel come.' The spectre took no notice. 'I hove the rope to yout,' says Ned; 'and I thought I was doing an act of duty by my fellow cereature. But now I hear that there's no living blood in your veins, and that yeou roam tihe ocean, breingi bad weather on the mariners you fall in with. That may be true, or it may not. If not, say so, and say who youn are. If you be a shipwrecked man you are weloome here; but if not, men hase told me that a silver bullet can wound even a ghost. and if yon do not speak in tiume, by God, there is a rare chance now of testing the truth of the saying. Answer:' "And Ned cocked the great pistol and lvelled at the strange passenger. The froe never moved a muscle of its wan stern face. " ' Take the dollar and my blessing with it, then,' shouted Ned, and he drew the trigger. " The pistol exploded, and for a moment the cabin was so full of smoke that they could not see what execution had been done. c1hen the vapour cleared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing up, his stony eyes giving out their cold sparkle, more horribly than ever. "' Tou gave me youtr benison,' he screeched ate, ' I give you my malison; and the exe cators and the tokens of it will follow you nfght and day, until either my fate or yours be accomplished. If you do not believe me, r on deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' " These, mates, were the very words of Feonl-Weather Don; for I have got all the iaiversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Ned and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled op on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry ; and the first thing they lid wae to stare-into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sure mough they saw the fine of two great blue barks, awful monsters in size, keeping way semdily with the ship; and just as Ned came in deck they gave a sort of frisLky plunge in the water, as much as to say, ' there you are rery good; and here we are.' "To make a long story short, mates, before midnight such a gale was blowing from the eastward that there was nothing tor it but to put the ship before the wind; and not only that day, but that week, and For three weeks after that, did the hurricane, for it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of her course, untilatlength thecaptain andcrew knew that they had sailed rmn near the coast of Africa to the coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon take off, they would be run plump ashore, either on the continent or one of the islands. keanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as before, never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread nor spoke word. Indeed, if he were talka tire, he had no one but himself to hold con verse with; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul-Weather Don was not the only thing which stunek to the ship. Thesharkskept way with her as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could see them occasionally, ploughing along in the troughs of the sea, one ou each quarter, and keeping their places as rexactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, all hands got low and inmopish. The old captain was kirly unmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare il as he was, began to quail. At last, they knew by tlhir reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundown, that they were approaching the land, and that one way or the other their fate would soon be settled. So one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching thle signs of the sky, and pointing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured cloals whlichl sailors know hangover the land. The weatherlookedas wild as ever; the scud above flew even faster than the waves below; and yaou should have seen the tattered look of the craft as she went staggering along,under a rag of canvas,which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. lier bulwarks had been washed away long ago. the hatchways were all battened down. Out of three boats she had carried only one was left, being strongly lashed to the deck, whle the sea-battered skiff of Fonl-Weather Don, alithough there was not so much as a rope yamn to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and over the decks, eo that the men were obliged do-lash themselves to ringbolts, dnd to the nasts, and never could light a fire or wear a stiteh of day clothing. "Welt, as I was saying, the poor fellows were holding on as well as they could, and wondering where the ship and they themselves would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, anteo aere taking their turn at the helm ropes, seve a loud shout, and the rest turning about, saw Foul-Weather Don standing upon the deck. "H e's going-he's going." whispered old Captain PFrvis. " The Lord hath preserved ms in His great roodnes·." "Well, Foul-Weettlher Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasure island, and then be tounted the rigging all the crew holding their breath and watch ing him-and gazed from the maintop long and sadly. At length, he made a sort of motion of despair, and eame down to the deck, where he stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, and motioned for his boat to he Itoisted into the sea. In a minute, mates, tile taslies were manned, and ther let the skiff go smash into thie ;ato, with a surge that ·wonld have burst another boat into stares. IBut ottly the devil, mates, coeld swamp a craft like that: eke floated alongside as light as a well-corked bottle. "'Gnl ruone wind. whcen the elements will allow you; says the Den, quitCe o!emnly. "'Thnak you for notlting.' quoth Ned Poris. 'I should think we wonuld, when yoe hare hrourht us acoss the ocean against our will. - "Bat the-spectre replied not a word, and seemed to glide rather than to clamber over the ship's side into the boctt. When he was fairly aboard, Ned Farvis bellowed out, 'Take your sharks with yeti, Foul-Weathter Don; they aro fitter comepaniuns for you than for Christians.' - "But there was no reply. and in a minute thephantom and hit boat glanced itway from the ship's side. and tlm 1 et the crew eaw of her wasn black-epee with a figure in it, in the very crest of a breaking warvc. Just as this happened, and they were beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted ' Land :'i and sure enough the next time they rose upon a sea they saw right in the glaro of the setting sun the dusky coast-line of an island. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses and 1 stay-sails on the ship, eshe lying-to with her I head to the eastward. You know, mates. \- that in hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind. down sea, so that by sunrise the next day there was nothing but a great nsmooth ascell to show that a gale had just i swept oross the wideo Atlantic. The first thing Ned Purvis did when he came on deck to take the morning watch, was to look over tho quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when lie saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. The other seaman saw the creatures ;too, and they looked at Ned, ind iwhispered among tlhemselves. " Well, vou soar Ie sure that, after such a run as the ship hadl had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanted ve~getaL:e food and rest: so that when the usuat trade wind came - to blows, andi they found fromn one or two fishing canoces tlhat they w-re amongst the most northernof the WindwardIslands,theycrnised about, looking for a convenient beach to hland at, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, the sharks kept their places as steadily as the very masts. tied fished for them in vain. It even baited the hook withi the choicest pieces of pork and beef aboard, but they would not as mnuch as push the morsel with their snouts. ' No, no,' said the smets. whet they saw this; 'the creatures have their order, and they obey them.' Then Ned tried the harpoon, but though he had often speared porposes, and dolphins, he could not make hit at the sharks; either the ship lifted or Iirohed, or the ravenous animals glided aside. or the water made the spear- glance; but, however it was, Ned confessed that he could not sbven scratch their dingy backs. " Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in the ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, and the crew, although they used to love poor Ned, now began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knIew it. ' " The curse,' said the men, 'is followingus in a visible shape. There can be no good luck for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swiummninr astern.' " Well, Ned tried hard to laugh it off, but he could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. ' Why,' ho would say, 'they can't jump aboard, messmatee; the ocean is theirs as well as ours, and if a cat may look at a king, I dont see why a shark may not look at a ship.' "But though lhe spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Ned was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted tlhree days, and all that time they were cruising about among the islands, looking for as place which would be snug to anchor in, and out of the way of Spanish ships. Os the third day, when the ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they ware getting more and more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the crew went to the captain in a body, and said that Ned must leave the ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land t c!ose to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of waterand provisions, and he might soon get his passage off in another ship, but whether he did or not he must go ashore now. Old Purris tried to argue the thing, but the I men would not hear his words, and in the middle of the lhubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and sayrs "' Hessmates, I have brought misfortune a on the ship, and spoiled the voyage; I am wilhing to land.' " On hearing this, Captain Purvis wishedi to follow his nephew, but they would not let him because he was the only good navigator they would have, after Ned went away, in the ship. So, presently, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, and water, sufficient for two months at least, were put in her, with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig ging for water. When the boat shoved off,e the sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to them, shouted to his uncle to be of goodt cheer, for they would meet again, and that 1 the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat landed in a little cove, and Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. Toe men placed his provisions and the shovel upon the beach, and shook hands with him; and as r they rowed back to the ship, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when theyf were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he wa-s alone in a desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great banks of Bahama grass growing, and about a mood from him there was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old treea at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the r sand, and numerous birds. Well, he lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and Plea sant, and looking oat in vain for a ship. At this time the sharks kept cruising along the shore, and Ned used to amuse himself by flinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, hon-wever, having climbed c the little hill, and sat down utinder the tree, I he observed a curious thing. The tree, which I must have been dead near a century, and t which was all covered with moss, h:ad several i withered branches, to which cross pieces of I wood had been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the t natural growth of the tree. But at two I hours, or thereby, after noon every day, these i branches cast shadows as of six grosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned a observed this that lie climbed the tree, and i found that the crosses were artificial. Then all at once it struck him that they were sneant for marks, and then he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, off he goes for his shovel, and sets to wirk et once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but he very soon scraped the lid of a great chest made of ironwood, and bound with hasps and claspa of metal. "'By all the stars,' quoth sed, 'who knows but this is Foul-Weather Boes's tree-' sure chest.' " Mates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched the lid off, and there he saw great ingoto and rough lumpo of gald and precious stonco, just as they were dug up from the lines in Cuba tnd Hispauniola by the Indians for She Spaniards. There they had lain isr a hundred yeare, and no man the wiser or the b:-tter. "' Aha,' says Ned, ' I wonlfalin have you in Englanid, but what sun I to do asith von heret' a a However, lie made shift to carry the wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea: then he brought the box, and ston-ed the gold as before, cosering all over witha loose sand. The very next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw u small bhark-he did not know what she wsa-beclmed, snot a mile from thae shore, waiting for the seta breeze. So le mounted arock, fired Isis gusn waved a handerlchief, and shouted. ire. sently. a boat pulled ott frssn the bark, and Ned went doivn to the coce to meet her. Titers were a couple of asaen in the bost, of what notion I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of the large vinudward Islands Martinico, I believe, So Ned told them that he had been marooned for striking the quartermaster of the ship in arhich he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port ehere he could ship for England, So the turtles consulted together, and asked him if he had wlherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at alt for money, took them into his cave, and swowed them the treasure-chest. At the sight of it the turtlers stared, as well they might, and most readily agired to take off Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, and presently the boat was loa-cd almost to the water 5 edge with riches. Tis turtlers went about like men in a dream, and they were only roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment Is when they rowed the boat out of the cove and :o found her so heavy that they feared she d should be swamped by the heave of the it sIa. w "'Lord!' says one of them. 'See n there : if the boat were to fill and go down. n Did you ever see more fearful monsters? S"And sure enough there were Ned's old d friends swimming on each side of the boat, !r as though they were appointed the guardians s. of the treasurc. However, no accident hap r, pened, and as they neared the turtling slhip, .e the sailors cried out that they were conung t on board with treasure enough to buy a "t kingdom. t " k on may think for yourselves, matcs, it how the entiro crew of the bark, which r carried about half-a-dozen icen, received s their freight. Ned told the simple truth as e to how hlie had got it, and the turtler, imme diately that the sea-breeze came, stood away Sfor 3artinico, the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a tlhing that snakes demons! out of men. The big a chlest stood upon the deck, and the crew hung round it, and would hla-ly i wark the ship. Presently they began to hanidle and weigh the lumps, and diipute Sabout their value. Ned saw thaut a storm r was Ibrewing, and fearing that he would be t stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks I astern,'so as to be no bar to a distribution of I the wealth, stood forward and said that they ,were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if lie liead found it, they had given hlint tihe i means of tlring it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, t and swore thalnt Ned was an hlonest ainsi 1 and a good comrade, and that as he s:aid, so it would be done. But it was Sclear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and t once or twice he observed a man conceal ing a knife in hiis garment, so that the lhaft came handy to his grassp. All this tiue the sharks were followinig steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather Sing in the sky. Still the meln were looking sourer and sourer at e:achl other. nud 5 radually drawing off into two parties, one on each! side of the chest, the twain wattchitg each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate a with them, and told them that they ousght to Stake in sail, for the weather looked threaten Sing. But they ordered him to mind his owna business, and said they had not taken hibs on I board to he captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward. Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then. all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box; as they did so, they drew knives and snicker-snees, and cut and chopped at each other, strug- I gling and cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash down on thle gold, and he rushed forward to separate them, crying out, ' Madmen that you are-look out for the squall first and fight afterwards.' " But it was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing up the sea before it. and in the very centre of the flying foam Ned swore le snaw Foul-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In on instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of gold fetched away with a mighty surge, and went crashing through and through the frail bulwark, and then with a great plunge down to the bhttom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give up its dead! All this passed in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as thoughl relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy roU, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces and limbo. The squall was over, and the sun burst out; Ned rushed to the lee-beam, and saw, jest where the geld had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he knew well. Sheseemednow saturatedandrottenwith water, for the charm was off her, mates; and while Ned gazed at her, shie went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, and the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line ran out every fathom, and the lend touched no bottom. So they lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rope in the ship, but the sea appeared un fiathomable. The gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of man could raise it; and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue theirturtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul-Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, and, us I informned you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself.'" CHAPTER IX. TIe Armoion went sUNDRY OF stIS COtEADEaS, SET OUT FOR THE CEEK EE C w Ic e LEFT HIS BARQUE, ArD TaREac BIsCELY CArTURLE A SPANISHt SCaesn-en. Nearly a month passed away since the evening on which I listened to the story of Foul-Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the hay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the coast, where we might have betterluck. It was then that I, for thefirst time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we could divide our party between it and the canoe, leaving ample room for the stowage of urovisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. We were nine in number, well armed, and therefore of qsite sufficient force to eaptare any Sponiard, not a man-of-war, which we were likely to fill in with. It was thserefore resolved that Lo Picsrd, one of our Frenchmen, Blue Peter, and Niclr, should stnrt, under my guidance, for the cove to the westuvard, and if we found the beat, should navigate her round the coast to the bay, where the rest of the party would he prepared with provisions and ssater, ready to stow on board, so that, in company with the canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lost in putting the scheme into exeution. 3Meinieer, who knew comething of sail-making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which sae were to carry with us, and whicls vosld suit tue beat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we had found her. ve also cnrried a good-sized keg for water, cnd a small quuantity of beef and cassava br:ad, trusting chiefly to or- guns for our subistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleep during the heat of the day ; and after an hour's trudge through the wet grass and beshcs, whliel were quite drenched with the copious dews, passed tue spot where lay the buccaneers wio had bken hanged by the Spaniards. Truly oer poor comrades slept in a traniquil resting - plsce - a spot of greenest grass, with feathery palms over head, bending andrustlinginlthe niglt wind. We stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, Watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, whence we could look down upon the blue sea beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, during which the snu honen with blistering power. Then, far off, on the glassy surface of thle sea, came the dark belt of roughened water, streaked with whlite, which proclaims the daily return of the brisknorth- westerly trade, and in half an hour mora it was whistling thlrough the bushes in half a gale of wind. We dined this day by thie little runnel where I had killed the duck, and then travelled until asnset, when we encamped in our blankuts, well worn out by our long day's march. The journey to the cove was fatigning, but performed without any parti. culor adventure. We sometimes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping lheavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into the sea after the fish, which they mark from a great height. In the afternoon of the second day I reckoned that we could inot be far from the core, but the exact spot was difficult to hit, as the general appearance of the coast hereabouts was very sinilar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otlherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives through the creepers and brushwood, so as to be able to gage down the iron-bound sea wall to whero the great driving swells were rising and sikinkg upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and pin nacle of stone; when, harving stopped to hold a consuiltation-for I was now becoming very fearful that we had overshot our mark-we all suddenly heard the report of ia muSket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. \This terribly disconcerted us, ior we knew that the core could hot be dietant, and we feared tlhaLt the secret of its existence was not Ikowsn to me alone. How ever,. we withdrews into the thicket, where we could not well be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points arosund is, and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably IBuccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in the neighbourhood. At all events, we now despaired of rccovering the boat, inasmuch as the grest chance was that thle hunters had laudes iin niy cove, as I called it, and would; of course. apipropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own puhrposes. While we were talking lowly among ourselves, iale Peter, the Mosquito-man, suddenly . started up on his knees, and toil usi to listen. We did so very intently, and presently heard a rustling and a snapping of dry itwigs in the wood, but although we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothlilng. "Tush:" says Nicky; "you are a fool, Peter, and take ai wild pig for a Spaniardnl." IBut the Indian seized his piece, cocked it, and suddenly levelling it, fired, bofore we could prevent him. "CIuh !" quoth he, very earnestly, " hush: and we will be safe." " Safe !" said Nicky. " Why, if they are Spaniar.ds, they will be down upon us in a twinklinsr." "No," rep!ied the Mosquito-man, "no, no ! Tlhey shouting all round; think my gun one of their camarados-eh f" " The ran is right," said Le Picard. "But what, in the name of the diablo, have you fired at'" " Me show you:" said Blue Peter; and he crawled into the underwood so circumspectly that one searerly- hleard a rustle, and pre sently, returning, lhung the body of a huge dog aiong us. "A Spanish blood-hound!" exclaimed Nicky; and we sallt recognised the fawn colour, willt grim, black mazzle, andthegreat muscular litnbs of tihe animal. But to put all quecstion aside, the creaturo wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed the n:ines. " Manuel G. Alcansas," 0so it was quite clear that we were sur rounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who observed the bloal-hound, and shot it talmost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lie close -where we were as attempt to shift to less dangerous quarters, as by moving we might unuwittinigly run into the very jaws of death. At loot we dseides to climb up aertain trees, the branches whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first cut the throat of the dog, and scattered the blood copiously around, so that it would em barraas mand destroy the scent of any other hound which might pass that way. He then flung the body up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as we supposed for the slain dog, and some other shots were fired at a distance. However, the san sank and the stars shone down through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. Making ourselves as comfortable as our position would permit, we munched our supper, of whlich, however, we could eat but little, for we suffered much from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford us a few mouthfuls apiece, but we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously eaploring the locality, and I had much ado to restra.in a sudden burst of ex clamation when I recogisised the little hill, to the top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up the precipitous banks of the core. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taking great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scour or ravine up which I had crept from the water. It was not easy, how ever, to make out whether the cove was empty, for the morning was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. We proceeded, horwever, moving in single file along the edge of the rock, which, as the resader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bulhes and pisasitical plants, witlh great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the water so that thie branches of those on both sides inter!acisig, quite canopied the still deerop sea beneath. As we chlambered on by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenlystruck my ear witllh which I was too well acquainted to be easily deceived-it wasthe flap ofcanvas. Nicky heard it as well as myself, and we all paused. Thelanud wind was just beginning to die out, and only came in heavy dank puffs down from the hills. We waited for the next gust : it shook the dea' from the branches in a great sparkling shower, sad gave a grestt rustle, as it were, dawn the ravine, in the middle of which we again heard the flap of canvas. an' a rattle us of reef points against a sail. Being guided by the sound, we proceeded a few paces onwards, and then coming to a comparatively clear bit of ground, weerasled upon-our bellies to tlhe edge of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs snw a small vessel with two masts, of the class rcled sechooners, beneath. She was moored in the very centre of the cove, very snugly, being made faist by four liawoers. two a-head and two astern, to the trunssks of trees grosiag near the water on eithir hban. She had tn- boats in the water, floatings by her main clsiats, and one of them I immedittely recognised to be the object of our journey. Ilere, then, was the vessel to s-hoes thelhunters, whose guns we had lsesrd, evidently belonged; and, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Le Pisord knew enough about the fashion of those seas to be sure that the schooner was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did on the coast here we couldnotwell imagine. The question noe-, however, was how we were to acti Tlitsking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a sislslO moan awake upon desk; but several stout follows were lying asleep on under canvas and torpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after ee had gazed our fill upon the schooner, Nicty asked our opimon as to wshlther it wonld be possible to clamber down to the setter's edge. and mnake off wtitls both boats before the crete awoke. hiit Le Picard tlhosuglt the risk too great. Besides, he argued, when they miss the boats, they can chase us out to sea in the schooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking, I was turning over another plan in mvy own mind. "Instead of takisig the boats," inqlot I, " why should we not take the ship' At this they all started, and reesinded me that we were but four men, whereas the Spaniards might well be a dozens; and they had dogs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Le Picard, in particular, professed a great horror. "Look you," quoth I, "this is my plan. Yesterday the Spaniards were hunting asbore, and to-day it is very like that they will renew their pastime, leaving, perhaps, only one man, or perhaps not even that, totako churg' of the schooner. for you see that she is moored very safely, and with her bows pointing down the creoek so as to be ready fora start. Now, look at her rigging; see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsails can be set merely by letting go the brails, and running aft the sheets : for you observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefore the schooner is ready for sea. Now I know, in a general manner, the direction of the cove below-. It runs for a little way parallel to the coast and then turns to the right, and so opens tip into the sea. What is there toprevent io boarding the schooner when she is left slilost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrying her away2" They- all applauded this design, and tihe more te talked of it the better it seemded to be. The schooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as well as easy to manage. Besides, the greater length of the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although thlere would necessarily be some risk when we had passed the elbow, and came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our st .rs for such a slice of goad luck. aIs in many other adventures, tue nrs nued moset ditlicult duty which we had to serformn was to wait, so we ensconced otrielves in thick bu:tshes, where we could see without being casily discerned, and w s-ýted the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do I trks. The sun was iabove the horizon about half-an hour, whein a man issued from the cabin. and tapped the deck loudly with a handspike. At this summons the sluggards on thle forecastle obegan to stir themiselves, and to crawl forth. one by oneo., yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloadhottnds, who seemed to have been sleepiing among them, came whining and stretching themlelves from their wants nests. The man who had wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for he went below, and pre scutly tie crew had their breakfast, which they ate on deck-a couple of bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this we observed with great delight a number of muskets and pistols brought on deck, at the sight of which tihe grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we called him then, appeared again; and after along discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gatllhering round and handtling the armas, the bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff-my skiff-hauled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore The captain then seemed to be giving orders to one of the crew, a stout fellow, who wore t great striped woollen cap and had a long un sheathed knife in his girdle, and then the whole party, excepting the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat, the bloodhounds leaping in along with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of the creek. The Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without includintg a boy whom they) had with them, and of cource weighed down the skiff until her gunwale was almost at the water's edge. We were for a little time in some perturbation, lest they should chance to come ouIr way. We heard them shouting, and laughing, and crashing through tihe boughs, as they made their may up Cthe steep banks of thie creek, and then the boat came floating- down again to the Echooner, with ithe boy paddling her. Mean:time. the man with the striped cap had disappeared in a little cook-house or caboose, fron thie funnel of which a smotue began torise; and the boy, having made fast the boat, went aft to the cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, which we had seen carried thither, empty. Now, as we had seen but one man comne out of this cabin, and as breakfast had been served there for two, we considered that there were three persons left in charge of the ship, buit that one of these was probably sick or disabled. While we were making these observations, the reader may be sure that we also listened attentively, in order to find out in what direction the hunting party had proceeded; and presently, hearing shouts and the reports of guns very faintly, and gradually becoming more so, until they were no longeraudible, we congratulated ourselves that the hunters were out of the way, and that so far, our task would be easy. The next point was, how to get on board the schooner so suddenly and so quietly as to leave those in charge of her no opportunity of giving an alarm. First we thoughlt of swimming, but the Picard was not skilful at this exercise; and, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nicky proposed to swing our selves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed to the trees: but, on close examination, we found the banks so precipitous, that it would be very dificult to make our way to the ropes, wvithout giving an alarm. We were this in considerable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry in the very outset, when I observed a means whereby we might, although at some risk, accomplish our end. I have said that the cove or creek was so narrow that the branches of the great trees, growing in the rifts of the rock on either side, met and interlaced, and from these branches hung perpendicularly, like great ropes, many long tendrils or withes, very tough and strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, depending from a stout branch, swung close by the fore-top mast head of the schooner, dangliing in deed to thie cross-trees. I pointed this out to my comrades, and they all agreed that it would he very possible to chamber out upon the bough, and slide down the withe into the rigging; but that the deck must be clear when we made the attempt, otherwise we could not fail of being discovered. It was fortunate, therefore, that the man wifh the striped cap continued in the cook- house, where we heard him clattering amongst pots and pans, and concluded that he was prepsir ing a meal for the men Ishore. But, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinner, one never kiioros who may eat it. The bsy remained about the deck for some time, bit at length went into the cabin, and, staying titer, we concluded to make the venture. Fastening our guns across our shoulders, we again shook hands, and vowed to stand by each other to the death. Then we crept cautiously along, until we came to the tree from n-hIch sprang the great branch, whihlt we looked to be the first stage of our journey to the echoonter's deck. This tree grew about a fathom beneath the edge of the rook, but itayts utey to otti-lg ourselves down to it, by-thb matted vegetation, whicl clung to the face of the stone. Then, one after another, we crawled out upont the bough, which shook a little, but bore us brsvely. The schlooner eas now right below, and not i living thing stirring on her decks. I was the first mtian, tnd Nicky was at my heels. The Indian csate itext, and the Freuchomni brought up the rear. Al of us whites being sailors, the feat was not diflicult; and as fotr the Mosquito man, lie could climb like a cat. Having sttiefied myself th:tt the withe was well atttached to the bough, I first twined my legs round the former, and titeit grasping it, slid easily down, until any feet feet touched the croostrees of tCie Spitish schooner, and in a moment my comrsdeo were clustering around me, no alsrm being as yet excited. After paising a ioment to g~et a finn gr'ip of sthe stoys, I ~gave Cthe word, atid ithe whrote four slidt ike liglitnisig down tCie ropes, hand over hatd, as sailors say, tiid ctin sewitha grest beunne ripen desk together. The ritard instnttly leaped to the cook-house, and the Spanitmr coming out at the atte moment. the Frenahman dealt him a blos with the butt-end of a heavy pistol, -thich flung himt backwards, quits stunned, upon the deck, while Nicky and I ran to the caubit, meeting at the threshold the boy, and a comncly woman, very dark. and with the blackest eyes I ever saw, who directly set up a greet shriskof dismay. But Nicky and I, pointing to the cabin, and drawing forth pistols, made them understand thlit they must go below, and be silent, as they valued their lives. The boy slunk back directly, tund the woman turned to a livid paleness, and, swoonitng away, would have fallen down the ladder, '.ut we supported her and laid ber on the nabin floor; then, directly running on deck, we shut down the hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment; and, seeing Le Pickard and Blue Peter cutting tihe warps forward, we drew our knives, and working with good will, soon severed the tough piles of hemp, aft, and the schooner was unmoored. We waited a moment with great impatience, to see if she would drift, but, rcmainmmn stationary, we ran up the jib, and slackened the braifs of the mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of cuanvas, but it hung idly; tihe sea breeze had nrot yet set in, or if it had it did not reach us in the depth of thie croek. We therefore tflng Slsong line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and Blue rPeter and Kicky leaping into it, polled with all their strength for the clbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Le Picard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their strengtlh to ours, all of uis working with ;elencelsd teeth and breathless eagerness. ;Tustthen, turning to look at the wounde: Spaniard, who was sprawling upon tihe deck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, ithe jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment tihe mi:nIsail imoel oust os its sleepy folds, and tihe w rp upon whichi! we were hauling slickened. Tihe schonaer felt the pult. and I rao aft and took the helin, steering her in close by the starboard shore, whichl, when we turned seowards, would be the weather side of tihe cove. The nmisreled trees and rocks seemed' to glide away from us. I looked over tihe sie, and saw the bubbles rippling in tihe tr.nusp:arent water; and as I lifted my lreard again, I started with delight to feel the first hesring of the schooner, as she began to meet tihe lazy swell. The elbow, or turrn of the creek, wr:s not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all rans to thie bowse to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rooks. Therefore I ported nmy helm, so as to send tihe vessel close in, nod just as we slowly opened the corner I put the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout to gether as we saw, at the end of a lshort rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we were not out yet: almost immediately on rounding the point of the creek a gust of the sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on the leeward side. The Frenchman exclaimed that we must take to the boats after all, but Nicky answered him, " Yes-but only to carry a warn to the rocks at the month of tihe creek !' VVo sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nioky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here the surf was beating violently, coming with great lashing surges round the corner of tihe cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more than a fathom with every nndulartion of thIe sea. Here was a jagged pinnacle of rock beaten by the waves, which ce-ery now and then burat right above it; over this the Indian with great dexterity cast a loose hitch of the line, while we on board, running to the schooner's bows, hauled upon it as before. It was lucky for us that the sea breeze only blew up the ravine in uncertain puffs, and that the place was full of counter-currents and eddies of air, which first filled our sails one way and tlhen ainotiher, as we heaved and rolled upon the broken swells which dashed from side to side of tihe clhannel. TWeo worked at tihe warp like desperate men, as, indeed, we were. Every now and then a sudden toss of the water would fling us back; but then the counter reflection of the seas from the opposite wall of rock woulld jerk us forward, and we soon found that we were gradually making our way towards the mouth of the core, keeping so close to tihe weather side that every now and then tihe mosts, when flung over to star board rattled among tihe bushes overhead, and sent don-u showers of leaves, which would fir in uncertain whirls and dives amongst the rigging. At last, the decisive moment came. In a minute we would be hove upor. the leeward entrance of the cove, or be out clear at sea. I ran again to take the helm. L. Picard and the Indian, running to the weather fore-chains, gave a last surge urpon thIe line by way of a launch. Tihe schooner's head plunged into the trough of the sea, not a fathlom from the rocks, and as she rose-her bows drew beyond the shelter of the cove-tihe full blast of the sea breeze caught her jib-and her head swung again to leeward. " Help her with tihe foresail, comrades!" I shouted. They Ihad anticipated me-the Indian letting go the brails, and then help ing the whites to draw- aft thie sheet. Tihe sail surged and flapped so as to shake the schooner to lher very kee!, and the great sheet - block jerked madly to and fro with boundsi which would have dashed through a strong wall. But still, though they could not yet master tihe canvas, the schooner was not in sensible to its lifting power, and I felt her, as she rose with her broadside to a great clear sea, gather way, and start as it were from under me. There was just a moment of terrible suspense. The masts bent to leo ward until their trucks were within a couple of frathms of tihe lee promontory. You csuld ailmost leap on the great rough masses of wet stone swhich lay close n-beam, and then in is moment th schooner rose to another sea, all three sails now bellying to the wind, and once more hove clear of tihe land, althoughr I saw through the clear water a glimpse of reef under our counter, which the keel must have scraped, and although the head of the mainmast actually tore away the projecting branch of a great prickly bush which was waving and drancing in the wind. We were drawing our first deep breath after our peril when I Iheard a great shout above m., and, otarting round, I saw bets een use and the sky the figrire of a man staanting nith a gut upon tire very verge of the prrcinico which formed tire line of coast. He directly fired his niece, and set up a loud outcry to Iris comrades, tilrce or four of whsom directlr joined Ihimn, and fired a olley at us, w iih lid ino dsmage. So we jmnped up on tire tiffrail nril, and waving our hate gave them a lond cheer, and told them that if thev wanted their schooner, they might swim after ris, and then we would consider tire matter. Thay made violent gestures, but thi sea breeco blowing so freshly, crrried back their voices, snd we Iknew not what they said. (1irrying 00 ri we best coild with our ill-oet sails, until we had made a good half mile ofiling, we laftfed the schooner up into the wind, and with some trouble, scat the canvas properly exteudesi; thress putting the Ilrem hard dosyn, we got tire jib-sheet to witidward, and so lay to, drbncing and surging merrily upon the sea. eso nE coiscrr-h 