LITTJ3: ALV1LDA. A NORSK TALE FREELY RETOLD. [By Hjalhab H^dmth Hotbskn, in St. ] 'T/reholat.] j There was once »' clergyman wbo lived aome wbtre in tbe interior mountain valleys of Nor- j way. He bad five children, all of whom were j dear to him ; but t§ere was one among theji j wiio was n«-»r*r to |n« heart- than all the rest ; , and that was a little giri five years old, namsd j Alvilda. It may have been because the was ; tbe youDgept of 'the five ; and the youngest, j especially if it if a ftirJ, i« always likely ; to be the father'* p.-! ; or it may have ' been because the w*e » very sweet j and lovable ebild wbo drew all hearts ' toward her 'as the ran draws the fi)*era. When btr mother took her to oimrco na Sun day morning, she clipped like a aanbeaoi among tbt- Boaibre congregation, and all facss brightened and a softer look Etole into tbe eyei cf old and young when ehe pissed by. la her quaint little poke-bonnet uad her old fashioned gown, and witb her chubby little hands folded over ber mother'* tijmnbai, the did, indeed, look eo bewitching that it seemed a hardship not to stop and kiss ber. ' Bless the child,' raid tbe matrons with heartfelt anctiou whan her bright emi/e beamed upon thsm ' Bless ber dear little heart,' r j icaiated the yoang girls admiringly as tbey knelt down in the road to pat Alvilda, to kisa her, or only t» touch ber in passing. Wben Alvilda'a fifth birthday c»im it hap pened to be tight in the middle t-' tbe Oerry eeftfon, and it was determined to c-l^tirate it by a berrying party to »hich a doz-u caildren of tbe neighborhood were iaviu-d Fritz, Alvilda's 14 year-old brother, wna-ii s^e abjtctly admired, tnagaBtiimon-ly nnder took the duty cf sending out tbe inrita tions; and be consulted hit mra sove reign fancy in inviting those waoai ha liked and leaving out those wh'i had bad the misfortune to iacar hia di«pl«»^re. It was found when all the children ttachsrad ia front of tbe parsonage, about 9 o'clock ia the norning. thatitw*feindoed Friiz'a party rather tban AlvilditV. But Alvilda, who always thought that whatever Fritz did was well done, was perfectly content. She liked big boye, pqb eaid, btcauae tbey were not half ttw troible tbat little girls were. Firs*, there was her bi other Charles, 12 years old, who was the proud po6ceeeor of a drum which, had be«n pre sented to him at Christmas; »h-' jadge'a Albert, 13 jearB old, who was, to b» sure, a great tease^ and inclined io ran off with Fritz on all BOtts of mysterious errands ; aad there was tbe lawjer'e Frederick, who never spoke to girls in public for fear of being thought frivokus. Of girls there were but two : Sophy, Alvilda's fifteen- ysar old sinter, who va» almost grown np. aud carried a aovel in ber pecket which ehe read at odd mo meats in the garden, in the kitchen, and, most of all, in tbe woods ; and Albert'a sister, Ingeborg, who bad eo many delightful secrets wmed she would never share with anybody except her boBom friend Sopby. Fritz, who bad provided himself with a tiutLptt, marshalled his forces ia tbe y&rd;, end, having arranged tbem in rank and file like soldiers, gave tbe comaiaad, 'Forward, march ! ' Tbe girls followed as heat they oou!d : the ' two elder cces leading Alvilda by the naad between tbem. The father, who was reluctant to Bend her into the wood?, fearing that she might become overtired, charged them not to leave her for a moment, and to see that she had an opportunity to rest whenever she wished, all ot which Sophy and Inaebortf promised. . Tbe weather was glorious : the sun was fast warm enongt to be agreeable, and the light clouds which sailed over the blue vau'.c of the sky seemed to bs having a happy time of It. Tbe woods which grew ia the rugged glens on tbe t-lope of tbe mountain were tilted witn the fragrance of birch and pice and lilies of the yallej ; snd the brooks, swollen by the melting; ice of tbe glaciers, danced gaily down through the ravicep, with a constant, gurgling rash which fell pleasantly upon the ear. When tbe boys left the highway for the mountain paths, they broke ranks, and each. Bcrambkd np over the recks aa beet be coald. It was in vain that Friiz b'ew bis trumpet aaj Charles beat bis drum. To climb the great moss grown rocks was toa inviting ; acd to Btaud on tbe top of them and shout against the mountain wall, which gave such a splendid echo, was a delight which made the he*rt leap in one's bosom. Fritz himself w»a not proof sgainBt euch temptations, and finding his com □jands ignored he gracefully surrendered hia dignity and joined with a will in the fporte of the rtet. There were squirrel? ta be stoned— not a very nics Bport, I admit — and later Fritz was ashamed of having engaged in it, Bat ther« '« aiuoii ot tbe Bav*ge about bim when he found himself in the woods, acd be made it » point to aci oat the character tnd suppress, whatever geate etno« tioDE may have etirxed in his bosom. Happily tbe squirrels were too nimble and alert for tbe beys, and eat chattering at them from the ppper branchts of the pines, where tbe stones, if tbey reached at all, went wildly amiss. They tben found a toad, and would, I fear, have pitched it heavenward from the end of a bo&rd;,'if the gills with Alvilda bad not caught np with tbem; and toe latter, in consideration of its b?iog ber oicch day, waB gallantly permitted t9 save ttigon den-ntd miscreant. For these boys, whoever and whatever they were, were uev«r them Belves. They were fcy turns robber, pirates, Bueditval knights. N^rre vikings, e-vervtbing under tne sun tbey could think of exc-iut oiie, respectable country boye — sons, re^ueotively of a lawyer, a judce, and a clergyman. A toad in tbeir Lands became a captured merchant, or an enchanted princess, or a thief condemned to deatb, as the case might ba. Bat it never by stiy possibility remained a toad. Wben tbey had climbed for an hour Alviidi began to grow tired ; and Fritz, soei--g that tbete was so ltkaJihood of reachiug- eae en chanted terrace be had in view without carry ing bet, undertook witb the) aid of hia comrades to make a litter of soft pine bransuea, which wbb quite comfortable to reposa upon. The boy 8 then took tarns carrying Alvilda address ing her all tbe wbile as the Princes Koni gunde, who was betrothed to the Kiog of Andalusia, and waa now being borne by ber faithful knights to meet her royal adorer. Alvilda laughed heartily at tbeir absurd defeiential speeches; and her, clear voice rang through the wouJ?, nt*rtling now a covey of partridges which broke with a frightened bum tbrough the undsrousb, now a bare wbich scooted away with l--ng leaps over tbe heather, now a wild duck which, with a great flapping of wings, darted away in & straight linn over the water, leaving its young in tbe larch among the sedges. But. although ehe found it ridiculous Alvilda eaj -yei im mensely being a princee.8 and having ber de voted knigb-s kiss ber band, and bead their knees wben they spoke to her. It was about 11 o'clock when the party reaohed Fritz's berrying grounds, whica he had discovered a few days ago, when on aa expedi tion with Albert in search of adventures! Is w&b; jnet tben toward tbe end of the atr**oerry season fend the beginning of the blueberry ceason. The sweet wild strawberry, than which tbeie its nothing mote deliciouB under the sun, betrayed itself by its fragranca under tbe heather, and wben the boys found an open patch about tbe roots of a tree where the berries crew in big banchoa, they cbouted aloud and danced aa ladUa war dance from excess of joy before bs pinniug to fill tbeir mouths, tbeir piils, and tbeir baskets. Fritz and Albert, who were tbe champion pickers, bad soon filled the tia pails they bad brought with them, and set to work witb great bi«patch to make baskets of bicch bark w herewith to carry oS their surplus. There Were the great blaeberry fields still to be ravaged ; and it seemed a pity not to pick some of tbe fragrant sweet brier and liilins of the valley tbat grew so abundantly among the birches and alders. Sophy and Ioge.bjrg went into ecstasy ovtr tbe nodding clu-tera or pretty, bell chaped flowers wbich in Norway grow wild in the woods, and. they picked their aprons full again and again, emptying them into one of Fritz's birch bark baskets. Of sweet oner, too, and tbe delicate little wood-siars there was so lack: and in tbe open glades they found some belated violets with a sby little ghost of a fraerance that stole into one's nostrils as a kind thought steal* into the heart. Fritz and bis manly comrades protested, of course, against thin 'tomfoolery,' with the flowers; bat as some indolence most be granted to tbe foibles of girls, they consented to assist in tbe undignified task. A oig beap of variegated color — pink, white, biae, and green— was piled up under a larae. wide- * spreading pine, where Alvilda sat, like a fairy quteD, glorying in her perishable treasures. It was thtn Fritz lout his patience, and de manded to know whether it was nut time now to stop this nomense and go in qiest of aon?ethiog worth wearying one'd tiuios for. Aa be bad brought 'fishing tactile aad bait, be wonld propose a litcle fishing exptoition on a tarn close by, and if the girls didn't care to accoaiuany bim, be would go alone wiih bis trusty friends, Robin Hood and .the Gray Friir, aud catch enough to provide lancheoa for tho wbole army, Toie proportion was t jo teutptiatr to be retit-ted, acd presently a'l the noya ac*m rered away thr'.twb tbe nuderbrueh, lestviag tbe ibiee Rirl» under tbe pine ttfcl-. Sophy spread a pbawlupon the groaudjforl Alvilda to lie down npon; and beneli drew » ;-vorite co^el from her pocJiet, which t^lie di- eu-^-ed in whisper* with lotti-bur?. Tbert- we--u iadted, the nuokt delicioun thingo ia ibis bonk; 3r«al ful, blackhearted villain', web blast xnouetachen, wbo prowled ab ut. -u nil sorts cf disguises, and lay in wait 'or ausu pectiag innocence ; splendid, b;eh epiritei ti--roi3, witti blotde rjniftacMen aua nudoiaur white blames oa tbeir helmets, who rescued gailel«*# louojeaw fn m the wJ!e»of tbe viliaii.-s, icd 8-ia^qijeatty nriarried it — »cd no eiid -.f dei'.ghrfiil things bttidts Sopby food lost all thmicbt o( her sitter during thU absorbing discanbioa. ani Aivi!da, finding herself neglected, piiatel a little and dozed away into a sweet bleep, (To 6e concluded ntxt vxek. ) Tbe following is the result of the examina tion for Civil Service oadetf.faipi, b«id on January 6 and 7:— Pass— Gerald Gleeson Aylifft) and Alfred Hodsoll Gordon Heath. Tiirte other candidates failed. DEAF FORTY YEAR3. Tbe description of a simple remedy,' by r which a cotuplcU cure of dtafmsa and noitit in ' the head 'it fOHTS TKaks' standing, has joat been t fleeted, will be unt F£EE to any one who ?ppltrt to ' ....'. J. H. NIOHOL53ON, 17&, William- street, Melbourne. S48«nu:71zx348:67 