AN IRISH STORY. BYO.JI. Bcantifully situated in a pleasant valloy of tho White KuiglU's country, nt tho foot of iho Gaiter Mountains, was tho cabin of Larry Dodd and bio wife. Thoy rented a cabin and a few acres of land; wliioh thoy ouiuvuieu wiiu great care xnoy were in dependent. and respected by tboir neighbors ; they loved oaoh other in a matrimonial sort of. way, and few had more appearance of comfort about them. Larry was a hard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dntoh-built littlo man, with a fiddlo head . and a round body, a steady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when ho carried too maoh whisky ; then, It muBt bo confessed, ho could not walk tho obalkcd lino with porfcot accuracy. He had a moist, ruddy eountcnancs, rather inclined to an expression of gravity. Tako it alto gether, ho was generally looked upon ao a proper person, notwithstanding the fact that he had ovory day in tho year, n sort of un holy dew upon bis face, oven in tho coldest weather, whioh gav.o rioo to a supposition that Larry, was apt to indulge in strong po- tstbne. However, all men of talents havo their faults — indeed, who is without them ?— and Larry, eetling aeido hie weaknoss, wee a most disthoguifhed msu. Ho waa a man of mixtrd hab'to, in his mode of life, his drink «td his ouetumc. JIta drees accorded with his cboraoter— a cert of balf-and-balf between farmer and horec jockey. Ila woro n. blao coat of coarse clolh, with ehort Ekirfe nod a standing collar ; hiu wailcoat was red, and hia lower babllimentB were mp.do of leather, which, in ooursc of time, had shrunk so much that tbsy Titled like a cecond skin, and long use had r.b-:orbod their mobfnre to suob a dcgrco that they made a crackling r.oi:o as ho moved along. A hat covered with oil skin, & whip, all worn oud jigged nt tho end, a pair of second-band, or, to spsak more cor rectly, second-footed, grcaty top-boots, that ; ecsmed never to havo seen a blocking-brush, and ono spur with it rowel, comolctcd the everyday dices cfLirry Dodd. Tbua equipped was Larry returning from Caahol, mounted on a rough-coated and one- eyed nag, though, notwithstanding there and a few other (tiding blemishes, a well-built animal; having just purchased tbo said nrg, with a fancy that bo could raako his own money again, and maybo turn an odd penny raoro by it as tho coming Kildorry fair. Lury, well pleased with himself, trotted along tho road in tho lingering twilight of a lovely Juno evening, thinking of nothing r.t all, only whislling and wondoring would horpes always ho so low. " If they go at this rate," eaid ho to him- self, "for half nothing, and that pnid in buUer-buyers notes, who would ba tbo fool to wall:?" This very thought indcod wa9 passing through his mind, when his attention was ajoused by a woman pacing quickly by the eido ot his horse, and hurrying on ns if endeavoring to resell her destination before night closed in. Her figure, considering tho longatiidessho took, Appeared to bo tinder tho common gizs— rather of tbo dumpy order , but whether tbo damvel wan young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ngly, Larry could form no notion, owing to the foot of her wearing a lorge oloak, tho hcod of which was turned up and completely concealed every future. Enveloped in this mass of dark end con- ecaliug drapery, without much exertion tho Htrangu woman oontrived to keep up with Larry Dodd'e stood for somo time, when his master very civilly offered her a lift behind blm as far as ho was going hor way. " Civility begets oivHity,"' they soy; however, bo re ooived no answer, and thinking that- the lady's silonco proceeded only from bashful- noss, liho a man of truo gallcntry,not a word moro eaid Larry, until he pulled np by tho oido of a gap, and then naid ho : - My little, girl juatjump up behind mo without a word more, though never: a ono have you spoko, and I'll tAka you safo and sound through iho lonceomo bit of road that is boforo us." She jumpad nt.the offer, euro enough, and up with her on the back of tbe horse, as light as a feather. In an instant sho was soatcd behind Larry, with hor hand and arm buckled around hifi uaiat, holding on. "I hope you're . oomfortablo there, , iny dear?" eaid Larry, in his good-humored way. But Ihero was no answor,.and on thoy went— trot, trot, trot, along tho road— and all was so still that you .might have hoard tho sound of . tho hoofs a inllo oflj fcboro was notjiingelso to hear excopt tbo moaning of a distant stream that kept up a oontinuod crooning, liko a nurao bushing a babs. Larry, who had a koeo ear, did not, how ever, nquire so profound a eilenao to dotcot tho oliok of ono of the shoes. " 'Tin only Ioobo the shoo is," said bo to his companion, as thoy wore just entering on tbo lonely bit of road. Somo old treoa, with branohes festooned with ivy, grow over a dark pool of water, wluoh had been formed on a drinking place for oattlo. Here tbo horse raado a dead hall, and Larxy, not knowing what violous tricks his nqw purohoso might have, and unwilling that, through any odd chance, tbo young woman should gat " spilt " in the water, dia- ; mounted, thinking to load tbo animal past: tho pool.. ' : . . » By tho pipcr'fl luolt, that always found what# ho wanted," eaid Lirry, reoollcot-- ing himsoll, " I've a nail in my pooket ; 'tis not tbofirst. timo I'vo put on. a .ohoo, and maybe it won't bo tho last, for hero Is no want of paving stones to mako hammers in plenty." : - No sooner was Larry off than of! with a owing camo tho woman, just at his oido. Her feet touched tho ground without making tbo least noise, and away; chc bounded, like' no ilbm&nnored; crcaturo as obo was, without Raying " By your leave." or no matter what else. Shoeeemod togiido rather than run,' not along the road, but aoross a field, up toward tho old ivyaovordd walls of KilnaBliUtcry Obaroh— and a pretty church it wop, . - " Not so fast, if Syott please,, young woman, not go fast," oried Larry, calling aft?r hor. But away eho ran, and Lirry fol'owcfl, his leathern garments already desaribed crack, craok, crackliug . at every eiep he took, " Where's ray y/ogca ?" eaid Larry. " Givo mo a kiss, my girl ; euro, I'vo earned a kieo from your pretty lips, nnd I'll havo it, But sha went on faeter and faetcr, regard- Ipsa of tbeso and other flattering epecchce from hcr puwucr. At last libocameto tho ohurcbyard wall, and then over with her in au inetunt. " Woll, well 1 Hbo'a n mighty email oroa- turo, ony.bow'l To bo Buro. how neat oho step?. Did anyone over ceo tho liko ol that before? But I'll not bo baulked by any woman that ever woro a head, or anydltah, either 1" exclaimed Larry, no, with adespcraio bound, ho vaulted, scrambled and tumbled over tbo wall into tbo church- yard. Up ho got from tho clastic Bod of a nowly made grave, in which Yado Lsnry that moroiog was buried— rest his eoul ! — and on wont Larry, stumbling over hoadBtonos and footntoncf, over old graves and new graves, pieces ot acfilns, aud tho skulls and bones of dead men— the lord 'Bavo uo I— that wcro scattered about there as plenty as paving Gtonoa, floundering amid great overgrown, dock loaves and, bramblou that, with their long,. prickly nrms bcoaran tangled around his limbs and held him back with a faarful grasp, Meantime tbo morry woman in tbo oloak moved through all theuo obstrucliona as evenly and as gaily as if tho churchyard, crowdod up as it was-wlth gravca and'graYO- ttoncfi, bad brrn tho floor cf a dsncigroora. Round and round tho walla of ibu old oburch 211 wait/! eaul Lirry, eeemglus frighten htm "When sha comes round again, if 1 don t take tho kiss I won t that's all; and bore alio is 1" Lirry Dodd sprang forward with open arms nod claoped in them— a woman, it is trao, but a woman without any lips to kiss, by reason of hor having noboad 1 "Murder!" cried' bo- "Well, that ao- oountsforher not speaking I' Having uttorcd theeo words, Larry him self becamo dumb with fear and astonish ment ; biB blood Hcomed turned to icd, nnd a di27.inesB camo uver biro. Btoggoriug liko .a draoken man, ho rolled ogainat tbo broken window of the ruin horrified as tbo oon- viction that ho had held a ghost in his em brace. When ho returned to somotbicg liko a feel ing of coneciousncBB hcslowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In tbo midst of tho ruin stood an old wheel of, torture ornamented with heads. This was plainly visible in tho slrango light which spread itself around. It was fenrfut-to behold, but Lirry could not ohooso but look, for he was powerless through wonder andfear. Ho would have shouted for help, but bis tongue clc&ved; to tbo root of his rnouib, and not ono word could ho ts>?. Qis eyes almoat started from their cooked, his brcQEt rented on tho thiakuts9 of the wall, over whioh, on ono Bide, his head and out stretched neck p« j'Cttd, ond on the other, allhough one (oc touched tho ground, it de rived no auppors from thence ; terror, an it were, kept iiim balanced. Ssrango noiseo n'tnilcd bio curs, until at lest they tingled painfully to the sharp clatter of little bells, which kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. MatrowlcFO bones rattled and cl&nlicd;, and the deep end solemn sound of a great bell camo booming on tho night wind. It was Rtrangc music to dine by ; never- thelcsp, moving to it, round and round tho wheel set with ekol!, were wcli-drcssedladies and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests and publicans, and jockeys and Jonnies, but oil without their heads. Lirry did not know what to think. His brains were all in a mht, and losing the balance which he had co long maintained, ho p.my of ghosts. "I'm done for and lost forever I" roared Larry, with his heels turned towards tbo ctare; and oourol down ho camo. " Wclcuno, Lirry Dodd, welcome I" cried every head, bobbing up and down in the air. "A drink for larry Djddl" chouted thoy as with ono voico, that quavered liko a ebalro on tbo bagpipre. No sooner eaid tbau doco. Ono of tbo number presented a brimming cup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drauk it off liko a man. " 'Tts capital etnff," ho weald havo said, but ho got no farther than 41 cap" wbon do- capitated was he, and his bond began dancing over bis Bhoulder. Larry, however, wan not tho first man who lost his head through tho temptation of looking at tho bottom of a brimming aup. Nothing moro did ho re- racmbor clearly, for it seems body and head being parted is not very favorablo to thought. When his senses retorned bin first aot was to put bis hnnd to wbcro bis head formerly grow, and to bis great joy there ho found it still. He thon, shook it gently, but hia head remained firm enough, and, Bomowbat re assured by this bo proceeded to open his eyes and look aronnd him, lb was broad daylight, and in tho old, churchyard at Kiln&Blattory; he found himeclf, with his. bead " upon the lap of earth," Gould It bavo been, an ugly dream ? "Ob, ho," said Larry. "A dream oould never bovo brought be here, stretched on tbe -flat of my baok, with tho denlh'u head and crosB-bones tormenting mo on tbo fine old touibstono of Pat Kcarnoy of Kilcrca— but whero io tbe korec ?" . . Ho aroeo . slowly, every joint aching from the bruises ho had received, and went to tho pool of water/but no horao wae " 'Tis horao I must go," eaid Lirry with a rueful countenance. "But bow will I faco Nanoy ? What shall I tell her about tbo horao, and tho two poundo tie coat me? 'Tis them ghoato that havo made their own of him from mo, . tbo horse-stealing robbers of tbo world, that havo no fear for tho gallows I But what's gono is gone, that's n clear oafc." S3 saying ho turned hie steps homeward, and arrived at his cabin about noon without ooDoantering any further adventures. There ho found Nancy who, as ho cxpeatcd, looked as black nsfa tbundcr-cloarl at him for being out alt night. She listened to hie marvellous relation which hb save with exclamations of aatonishinent. When bo had oonoludcd, with expressions of grief at tho loss of the horso ho had paid for liko an honest man, she said : . " Bat what took yon np to the old ohuroh. nt all, out of tho road at that timo of night, Lirry Lirry looked like a criminal for whom there wiia no reprieve. Ho scratched his head for ah excuse, but not one oould ho muster up, so he knew not what to cay, " O Lirry, Larry," muttcrod Nancy, after waiting for somo liinc for bin answer, " it'e talking with a g rl you were— an', you a married m&n; I Confess the truth 1" Larry shuddered at tho tempest whioh ho perceived waa new about to break upon his dovotcd head. " Nnnoy," eaid ho," I do confess. It was a woman without any head—" . His wife beard ho more. " A woman— I know R- was I". oried she. " But a woman without a bead, Lirry 1. Well, it is long boforo Nanoy Gallagher ever thought it' would come to this with her I That Bho should bo left desolato and alone hereby her Imsto ot ft husband for a woman without a head I 0 father, father, and mother, mother, it Is well you nro low to-dny, that you don't eco thia iffliotion and die- graco lo your daughter that you rnrcd doocnt and tender 1 Oh, Larry you villain 1" You'll bo lho death of your lawful wife, talking with suob vile cr&ytbcrs; I" " Well," said Larry, putting hia bands iu his coat pooketo, " Icapt said is soonest mended. Of tho young woman I know nothing; but this I do known, that a womau without a head may well bo called a good woman, because oho has no louguo 1 How this remark operated on the matri monial dienuto I will lcavo rov readers to im- agine, It in, however, reported that Nanoy had tho last word. My first word to all men ard hoys who care to hear mo io, Don't get into debt, Btarvu ami go to hoaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I don't mind, if it's really nccdiul, Btcaling f But don't buy things you oan'c pay for !— Raskin. Wimx tho song's gono out ot your lifer you c.in'c start another while it's a ringing in your earo ; it's boat to havo a bit of silcuoo, and out o' that maybo a psaim'll coino by and by.— Edward .Girrctt. Tub maelstrom altraota moro notlco tbau tho quiet fountain , a oimet drawn moro Attention than tho steady star; but it iu better to bo maelstrom, and ntar thon comet following out tho ephoro and orbit ot quiet uecfulncss in whioli God places tia.— John Hall. . # ArrucTATioKa in any part of our carriago is lighting up a oondlo to our dcfcots, and never fails to muko ns tqko notioo of it, either as wanting ecnee or einoority. Most pcoplo would succeed In small things II thoy .were not troubled with great ambl-- tionu,— Longfellow# 