<EcIms THE YOUNG LADIES' NOVEL. [BY PADDY MELON.] I think I will write a novel. It-cannot be a bard task to accomplish. After a careful perusal of one of the young ladies' magazines with which the literary market is flooded, I have come to the conclusion that it is much easier to write a novel of the type therein depicted than it is to read it. You have certain hard and fast rales to be departed from on no account, which simplify the undertaking •wonderfully. To begin with, all the heromeB are governesses -or poverty-stricken music teachers, and all the heroes are noblemen. The eooundrel is usually a foreigner, which is as it should be, and is no doubt comforting to British readers ; he is also a count, and is as accomplished as he is sinful. • Of course there is the faithful old nurse, who .has enjoyed a pretty profitable sinecure since tfce beautiful heiress reached an unspankable -age, and wham time is principally employed in sheltering the heroine from thunderstorms in her tidy little cottage and dosing her with weak tea and marvellous tough statements { concerning the history of the squad of nobility located in the neighbouring castle. A ghost nay be introdaoed with advantage, who carries on bnsmees-during the small hours, and whose mission is'to •"rustle*' its garments in the vicinity of some belated domestic. Bear in mind that it . must rnstfo; never mind about the obvious difficulty Tjgjpe undertaking; let it be done or fire the M t oat on its ear. It must .rustle or shunt, ft is weU, too, to give a minute and glowing description of the glories of the palatial mansions plentifully interspersed throughout the book. The person who doesn't know all about the internal economy of a duke's castle or a millionaire's mansion should not enter the ranks of young ladies' novelists. Above all, heave in plenty of titles. It is .as EASY as not, and it makes the work GO much more interesting; it is as easy to run the show under the management of a gang of marquises and kindred cattle as it is to put up a batch of commercial travellers on your readers. A detective may be added too, with advantage; one of those charmingly improbable individuals to be found in such publications, who goes after criminals, and catches them too. I have ofteh wondered at Dickens. Now there was a' man, you know, who enjoyed a certain measure of success as a writer, and at this moment I cannot remember more than two or three members of the nobility being mentioned in his works. This was obviously a mistake on his part; he probably didn't think of it. Dickens ako exhibits a regret&ble; lack of taste in the Christian names he has chosen to adopt for his characters. When he had a large and varied assortment of such high-toned labels as Max, Maud, Vera, Anis, Lina, Lucille, Bex, &c.;, to pick from, he deliberately chose such names as we meet every day in real life, with no more of romance associated with them than there is in a bootjack. I'm rather sorry for Dickens. But a truoe to badinage, as one of those delightfully impossible dukes would say. I cannot imagine how these incomprehensibly spineless and vapid productions ever find publishers or readers. They are as unattractive as cold porridge, and the undispntable fact that their readers are almost without exception of the fair sex is anything but a compliment to our wives' and sisters' understandings I thinlr lb would show more attractively for Mary Jane to ply the familiar broom in healthy style, and attack the brooding spider in his native lair, than to ourl up in the iniiTiBii of her morning's work and moisten with sympathetic tears the sorrows of some irrationally-designed heroine, or truculent duke, who would deserve to be broken in two if he ever had had the misfortune to exist. Sarah Ann would be fufilling her mission more effectively were she to divoroe her interest from the troubles of Lord Galoot and torn hhr attention to the manufacture of a pie 'for dinner; his lordship can get along without her assistance better than the hungry members Of the home circle can. I will not presume to hazard an opinion upon the vexed question of the higher education of women, but I do think that a more rational literature than that of which I have written should be the mental food for our lady readers; the more eo, as they are undoubtedly descending intellectually when they condescend to waste their time upon the insipid and colourless productions published as novels in aome of the young ladies' magazines. I heard a lively instance of real business the other day. A man borrowed half a sovereign from a friend, and, as is not unusual in such oases, asked him across the road to have a drink and get the coin changed. Next day the borrower returned nine and eightpenoe to the fender, who said, "Why, I lent you ten shillings." "I know you did," was the reply, " but I have deducted the fourpence for the drink you had out cf it" 