BURNIE. A most successful 03ncertsnd entertain ment in aid of tbe funds of the Town Hall took place ou Friday, the Utb inst. Tbe scholars of the lcc&l; State School were tbe principal performers, 'ihe programme opened witb a ' Swinging and seesaw song' by the school, and this being illus trated by swings and a see-6aw on the stage, made a very pretty effect. 'Early rising tone,' *' Book drill,' ' Jackinthe ttruan' nnri '.'son,, nnfi mftrn.h ' fill action tongs, and were most commendably given. *? When v.e are men,' '? Each day's work,' and 44 The prize' were recitations, illustrated by action in tbe Same way as the songs previously tipokeu oi, and the whole gave great Katisfuction to tbe larce audience, and re flected very great credit upon Mr Burton, tbe bead master. Mr Westbrook sang 'Tit-Willow,' and, in conjunction with Mr Spotswood gave a du«t, entitled ' Tbe blood red banner.'' Mr':. M.Soule recited 11 The Fakenham ghost,' and^ Rev. W. U. Bowe 'The encbauted i»birt.' iirs Jowe presided at the piano iu a most satisfactory manner. Mr A. K. Chapman acted &fe; chairman, and during tbe evening at Mr Burton'* request, c^tributed prizes to tbe scholars There wrreobout iHJ books in aJJ most of them being of considerable value, cutting altogether between £L5 aud £20. About £12 of this amount was riUed by a concert recently held, aud the balance was made up of prizes specially contributed by yessrs. J. \V. Noit^n Smith, T. J. Crisp, Wi a: brook, Jones, Fen ton, C. ilall, Kenuer. Oldaker, Chapman, Walch Brod. and Bir obeli. Wiseman, Dr. Armitage, Rev. W. H. Bowe, and others The following were the principal prize takers : Regular attendance, Annie Lusted, Henry Lusted, Abednego Langdon: good conduct, Esther Wiseman, Richard Lenuard; ficripture history, Alexander Greenbiil. Fifth claps— Examination, Winnie Burton, Andrew Veitch ; reading, Kate Cox; writ iag, May Borrjwdole ; t-pelling, Ada Wise man; uritlimciiL', J jbii llorler; geography, Charles Gibson; grammar, Jessie -^yucb. Fourth clo&a; — L'x-miuaii'n, Amy Mar riott ; reading, Emily G'ffney; writing, Ernept Uox ; arithmetic, Florence Buree---* Third Cla^. — Exanrnntion, Ben Hum phries; reading, Florence M'Qut&un; writing, Henrj Reid, Ella Burton; spelling, Ada Summertield ; arithmetic, Frederick Morris. Seoud ClaeS. — Examination. Edith Wiseman : readinc. Edith Southwell and Laura Summert^eld ; writing, Dulcie Bur- j ton; spelling, !Eliz* Kemp; arithmet^ Allan BurMn. First Class,— PivJs'ton A-— Reading, Charlotte Ucrlco Bbd Alice Sm rh- well; writing, William O'lt-iiiy; arith metic, Mary Floyd and Johu K-mp. Division U— General, Ruth Summerfield, Hester iieiuricb, John Suttou, Svduey Brown. In addition 34 priaes were awarded to scholars who had attended at least four fifths of futi time. A chopping match. Hodgetts v. Bucking barn, held on ^uturday lat-t, resulted in h win for Hodgeus A good deal of money changed hsnds over 'be event, und ju'.'iirg f'omthe numb-r rf richts, q*iarn-ls, ^c, thut took phwf rub«equ- ni!y. a ^ood d\\.l of money r''i.rs-ed band* after the pvt' \- f 'v piincipMly into th*. pu- i : I f ? 'ii 7eii-;rn. ie.-ideDi'5 ia luti* wi.. r-ty prefer their rooai to their I company. 