UNABLE TO SLEEP. There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes ' Peerybingle" in 1e IIr'Weekly lines) that the death of young Melluish from an over dose of chlorodyne, was the result of an acci dent. He was in the habit of taking chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, but that con stant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it is a present hell. The wore sleeplessness comes trippingly oilff the tongue, but it is a fear ful thing to sntler. Think of what must be the night- life of a mn who cannot sleep, yet who has the courage to refrain from indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained froimdrugs. He seeks his bed at miidnight, and tries to court slumber by reading lie reads page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He tunis back and strives to fix his attention once more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed sentences. He lays down the book, puts out the light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around his house becomes endowed with language; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nanmeless horror, for it accuses him of some forgotten sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some fearful and impending danger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his eyes tightly to shut them out, sod turns his face down upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save thatlhe feels they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then perchance lie will doze-it is not sleep-and he will in dreams live anll age of ghastly terror. He will commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and sick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with a weary moan when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since lie quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal night of death, and that the morning will never come. When at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that lihe rises sick at heart, and unrefreshed of body. The light is something to be thankful for. however; but the day is soon over, and the still, horrid, phantom-poopled night is to be faced again. Wlhat shall he do? Iis resolution is gone. lIe feels that it is the madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that lie should fly to drugs " They give him at least forgetfulness. They slhutouttheo terriblesightsand closehisears to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give him refreshilig slumber, but they give hins the sweet oblivion of death until the morn. There are good people, people who can sleep like a lop, who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleep. "They jest at scars that never felt a wound. " Payne wrote " Home, Sweet Home, " to help to fill up an opera lie was nreparing, and at first it had four stanzas. The author never received anythilng for it, but though the opera was a failuro when played in Covent Garden Theatre, the song took, and over 100,000 copies were sold the first year. In two years the pub lishers cleared oveos.2,000 by the publication, and thevariations, transcriptions, and imitations have been innumerable. The melody is be lieved to be a Sicilian air, and Donizetti has a variation of it in his opera " Anna Bolena." OL-n Gears.-An American paper says: " The Australian girl is tall and slender. She lacks somewhat mi complexion, but generally she is pretty. The Victorian girl is decidedly good looking. The New Zealand girl has a far better complexion than the Australian girl, and is fresher and more healthy, perhaps, for Sho climate is milder. She resembles the English girl mnch more than she does the Australian, and her development keeps pace with the former. Tasmania is said to be the home of beauty, and it certainly seems to have more than its share of fair maidens. It is not at all uncommon for tihe Melbourniau to run scress to the little island for the purpose of a. well. earned holiday, and ' picking up' a wife." 