\- / ' . NE ITS OP THE DA Y. Tho P. and . O.. Co; 's'R. M.S. -Oceana reached Albany at 10.45 a.m. yesterday, with dates from London. to tbo 23rd ult. Tho Oceana is expected to reach Adelaide on Sunday, and Hoiraon'a Bay on Tuesday. Tbo Orient Company's R.M.S. Liguria; of the Orient Lino, after landing tier mails and pas sengers at Adelaide, left tor Melbourne at .3.45 p.m. yesterday. She is expected to get along side tho Williamstown railway pier atdayligli to- morrow. Her mails should reach Melbourn. at 9 a.m., to-day. Tho Postmaster General received a cable message from Sir ..Graham Berry yesterday, con firmatory of tho message published, in The Age of yesterday,' respecting the' interview which tho Agents-General hnd with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Wednesday on the subject of tho reduced cable rates. The message was 'as fol lows : — " As Agents-General not satisfied with Treasury's reply, they pressed for an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which took place iu the House of Commons yesterday. The Secretary of State for the Colonics and the Financial Secretary were present. The Chan cellor of tho Exchequer expressed himself per sonally w;th us, but hesitated to initiate a precedent which might prove embarrassing in the future. He also thought it would deler Pacific Ocean Company from acting. Discussion was continued for some time, and he promised to give an nnswor shortly. Tiic impression is that ho will be ready to do something toward meoting our viows." The Government has redeemed the promise made last session when the Customs Duties Bill was under consideration, tlmt means would be provided whereby importers who felt aggrieved at the decision of tbo Commissioner of Customs in any matter should have the right of appeal to tho law courts. The bill, which was introduced in the Assembly on Tuesday last, contains only two clauses, tho sccoud of which recites that "Nothing contained under sec tion 5 of tbo Duties of CustomsActl889, orundcr section 5 of the Customs Excise Duties Act 1890 (one of tho . consolidating measures which was passed through the. Legislative Assembly last week), or under any order of tho commissioner mado or to be made pursuant thereto , shall affect or be deemed to tako away or diminish the right of . any importer of goods to bring or commence or maintain an action or suit in any court of competent jurisdiction, against any collector for tho purposo of ascertaining where any, and what amount of, duty is due and pay able upon sucii goods, and such action or suit may he proceeded with as if the said section had not passed." Tho reclamation of tho Moc Swamp is making satisfactory progress, and in a short time will be completed. The swamp is about 8000 acres in extent, and when thoroughly drained will render available for cultivation a very valuable area of land. The members of the swamp board visited tho locality in the early part of the week, and inspected tho drainage channels in course of construction. The work of draining the land has proved a most difficult task in consequence of the waters of the Lntrobe, Narracan and Moe rivers converging at one point close to the swamp. The position is also complicated by the fact tlmt tho beds of the Latrobc and Narracan are higher than that of tho swamp, so that when tho streams overflow tboir banks tho water soon finds its way into the depression. These difficulties, however-, havo been, overcome by Mr. Thwaites, tho author of the- scheme, by tho construction of a channel 2| miles long, which not only intercepts tho overflow of the rivers, but also drqiii3 the swamp. .Aside, irrigation channel 5 miles- long has' also been constructed to tap tho Moe River at the liend of the swamp to carry water round the outside boundary of tho depression, and arranged so as to permit of the land being' irrigated during the- summcr months. A -statement made by the Premier in the Legislative Assembly on "Wednesday, wlicu moving for leave to introduce tbo Metropolitan Board -of Works Bill, has led to considerable misapprehension amougst those principally interested. Mr. Gillies's remarks were vague, nnd have created the impression that the Government contemplated making, a uumbei of important changes in the bill submitted by tho conference of metropolitan munioi palities, and, in fact, intended recasting il on lines approved by the Cabiuct. Such however, is not the case. The official explanu tion is that when the conference submitted its bill the measure was carefully perused by tin Cabinet, and it was - decided to modify tbe con stitution nnd responsibilities of the board empowered with tho administration of theaot. It was felt by the Government in carrying out a - work. such ns tho drainage of Molbourue nnd stthuxb involving an expenditure _ofat.l«»at 2;000,000,itt was highly necessary to strictly' define the responsibilities of the board, both in- regard to financial matters and the expenditure of the money. It is the intention of tho Premier to make n lengthy statement on Tues day in regard to this aspect of the question, so or to enable members to understand clearly tho Uencrnl principles on whioh tho bill has been drawn, and to remove any impression that the proposals contained in the bill of tho metropo litan municipalities have been arbitrarily- swept jvray in favor of n purely Government mea- inre. A proposal is on foot to form an irrigation and water supply trust for the area known as the Carrum swamp district, and the petition in connection therewith has been lodged with the Minister of Water Supply. The area of the proposed trust is about 10,000 acres, and has been taken up by selectors. The area to be controlled by the trust was formerly the recep tacle of the waters of the Dandenong and Eumemmering creeks, which drain an area of about 200 square miles. The Minister of Water Supply has approved of the formation of the trust upon condition that the plan of the pro- posed works comprises a system of drainage channels for the conveyance of the surplus waters of the Dandenong and Eumemmering creeks to Port Phillip Bay, without, as at present, spreading over and submerging the low lying lands of the trust district, and a system of irrigation channels to divert and convey water from the Dandenong Creek to the cultivated lands within the area to be controlled. It is further recommended that a sum of £27,142 be advanced by the Board of Land and Works to carry out the scheme. The applica- tion will in due course be submitted for the approval of the Governor in Council. The annual report of the Secretary for Mines for the year 1889 was issued yesterday, the information it contains being just about six I months old. It is stated that tlie blame does I sot lie with the Mining department, but with I the Government Printing Office, which, it I; appears, is so overcrowded with work that I: numbers of important documents aro similarly I delayed. Mr. Howitt has signalised the first I- year of his control of the Mining department by I presenting the annual report in an altered I form. It was the practice until now for the I department to issue an annual report, and I separate mineral, statistical and diamond drill I reports. These have been combined in one, I with the result that the publication has I gained in conciseness without losing in interest. I Mr. R. A. F. Murray, Government geologist, I furnishes reports on the geological survey of I Victoria, the . development of tho coal and I lignite resources of the colony, and a chapter on I underground surveys. Sir. Howitt adds notes I hudo by him on rocks pierced by the diamond i drill at Netherby. Professor M'Coy supplies a I report on palmontology for the year, and Mr. I Cosmo Newbery details the result of his labo- I wtory work. I The evils of the opium traffic, especially in the I Chinese quarter, wero rccontly brought under I the notice of tho Premier, who was strongly urged ft to absolutely prohibit the importation of tho I drug, except for medicinal purposes. Mr. I Gillies stated that ho saw some difficulties in I tho way of producing any beneficial effects I unless joint notion was taken in the matter by 1 all the colonies. Accordingly ho promised to I communicate with the Governments of Now I South Wales, South Australia, Queensland and I West Australia, with a view of arriving at an I understanding that cnch colony should prohibit I the importation of opium. Dp to tlie present I time two of tho colonies have not taken any I action in the matter, whilst tlie others iiave not I even replied to the communications on the I subject. It is tho intention of those opposed to I the use of the drug to wait upon tlie Premier I again, and to ask him to take independent I action, by prohibiting tho importation of tlie I drug into Victoria except for medicinal I purposes. I The Minister of Brines has nominated J. I Agnow and W. Abraham, of Sandhurst, and N. I Kent, of Sebnstopoi, as throe additional in- I ipectors of mines, to act under the provisions of I the Regulation of Minds and Mining Machinery I Act. They will ho engagedfor three months on I probation," aftor wltioli, if they perform .their I duties satisfactorily, they will bo permanently I appointed and classified in the professional divi- I lion of tha public service. They commence at a I jalnry of £260 per annum, and advance by in- I Clements to £350. I The desiccating machinery erected by the I Melbourne City Council in connection with the I Remington abattoirs was visited yesterdoy by I ipme members of the Prahran city council, who I uto thinking of procuring a similar .phtilt for I their own municipality. The party were con- I ducted round tho works by Mr, J. S. Farmer, of I Sir James Farmer and Sons, who had supplied I the machinery. Mr. Farmer, pointed out that I tho desiccating appliances had an advantage I over mere destructive machinery from tho fact I that the product obtained from the treatment I of offal wns very valuable as a manure, nnd I «old at a very good price. At the present time I desiccated material wns worth £5 17s. 6d. per I ton, and it wns found by experience that tho I sale of the stuff would more than pay for the I expenses of working tho establishment. BIr. I Farmer also stated that a similar plant lind I teen ordered by tho Blolbourne council for I treating the night soil of tho wholo city, and I they hoped to have it erected and working in a I few months' time. I The Minister of Education was interviewed I jesterdny by a numerous deputation reprcscnt- I ing the residents of Northcote, who urged that I the school accommodation in timt suburb is in- I adequate to meet the requirements of tho I district. It was explained that there is only one I school building capable of accommodating 600 I children, whilst there is actually three times as I many children of school ago in Northcote. Tho I Minister was asked to authorise the ereotion of I a new school in the north-east portion of Nortli- cote. Dr. Pearson agreed that the population of I Northcote had altogether outgrown the school I accommodation. Tlicdepirtmcnthndalrcadypro- ctirednsiteforanewschool near the intersection of Clyde and Speight streets, and was in treaty I for the purchase of another piece of land. An officer would bo immediately instructed to report I as to what size the school on the site already I purchased should be, and as soon as his state- I ment reached tho department tho necessary I plans and specifications would bo prepared, aiid I tenders called for tha erection of the school as soon as possible. When tho now school was I completed, consideration would be given to the I question of erecting a third one. I The Customs Act provides that persons fol- lowing the enlling of waterman shall pay an annual licence fee of 5s. for their boats, and I the Harbor Trust makes a further charge on watermen plying thoir calling at AVilliamstown I and Port Melbourne of 5s. per year for tho boat nnd 5s. for the waterman's licence. This is felt by those who pay it to bean injustice, and a deputation from thoir number was intro- duoed to the Commissioner of Customs yester- I day morning to complain of it. Mr. Patterson I informed them that tho customs feo was I charged in accordance with the law. The I watermen replied that they did not object I to paying it, but that they protested against being charged tho same feo twice, more espcci- I ally as the St. Kilda watermen had nothing to I pay except the licence fee to tho Customs I department. BIr. Patterson advised the men to I wait on the Harbor Trust, aiid promised" that lie I would himself communicate with that body. I Tho licence fee is charged by the- Customs "department under the provisions of an nct of I Rwiiament, " while the charges ninde by the Harbor Trust arc provided for by the regulations I ,ol that body, which'liave reoeived the approval I of the Gov'ernor in Council. 1 I A raid, which resulted in n very important discovery, was made yesterday afternoon by a I party of detectives on a house at 209 King- street, occupied by a man named Owen and his I wife. Armed with a search warrant the officers I in question — namely, Deteotives Bl'Swiney, E. O'Donnell, Freyer and Lomaine— proceeded yes- tetday afternoon to the house of Oweu, who is aged 40 years, and known as a secondhand I dealer, and they soon discovered that the I bouse was almost filled with watches and other jewellery, which it is believed are worth con- I siderably over £2000. The watches alone I number between 400 and 500, some I king of gold nnd others of silver. I A quantity - of broken jewellery was I ' also found on the premises. During the evening I the man wns arrested and lodged in the city I watcli house. It is anticipated that the finding of the property will lead to tho discovety and ap- I pvehensionof the criminals concerned in many of the robberies nnd burglaries recently committod in the city and subarbs. Tho accused will be I ..bought before' tho City Court to-day. I ' The hearing of the Premier Society's-- cases. I "WMUrdav- was marked, in thp morpinx at least. by a very evident desire to force' the pace of the: proceedings. At tlie outset, BIr. Fink, inspired evidently by recent press criticisms, mode a half satirical application to the bench to have tho sittings oxtended from 9 a.m. until 6 p.m. Mr. Panton replied that the court already devoted as much time to tho cases as was possible, and Sir Bryan O'Loqhlen seized on this as a con venient opportunity - for a snap shot that the prosecution, which ho suggested, might busy itself with direct evidence, instead of beating about the" fringe. After this prelude, it was noticeable that the matter in tho depositions mounted up far more rapidly than usual, and by lunch time tho cross-examination of the witness Mr. R. A. Forbes was - already far advanced. After the interval, however, counsel apparently tired of tho unusual effort, and tho proceedings, which had been uninteresting throughout, rapidly degenerated to the level of farce. ."When BIr. Gaunson had finished -his cross-examination, and BIr. Lyle bntl treated the court to an object lesson on the shape of saucers, BIr. Donovan rose to re-examine, and soon after 4 o'clock tho court adjourned until, the following. day. .A writ of capias issued by Mr. Justice Hol- royd on Blond&y; last was set aside by his Honor ill Chambers, yesterday morning. An action has. been commenced by Charles S. Paterson, decorative artist of this city, against "William Blarshnll, mining investor of Sydney, in respect of a dishonored cheque, dated tho 22nd April, 1889\. The1 capias was granted on tlie ground that defendant was about to leave the colony for Sydney, and that tho action would bo defeated if ho wore not forthwith apprehended or held to bail. . His Honor said it now appeared that defendant had been a resident of Sydney for five years past. The defendant had not the slightest intention of getting out of plaintiff's way. They had apparently been on friendly terms, and plaintiff obtained his information respecting the defendant's projectotl return to Sydney whilst tho latter was plaintiff's guest at dinner. An action could have been commenced on tho cheque long since, and judgment, if obtained, enforced with the greatest ease under the law of New South Wales. The writ was set aside without costs. BIr. Woolf appeared for tho applicant and Bfr. Skinner for the respondent. A land agency case was tried before BIr. Justice Williams and a jury of six in tho Second Nisi Prius Court yesterday. The plaintiff, Francis J. Smart, on the 21st July, 1888, con tracted to purchase 456 acres near Wallan, from Blichaei Dwycr, for £5244. Smart alleged that the defendant, Joseph Lobb, was employed as his agent to obtain the land for him at the lowest price at which the vendor would let it go. Defendant represented that Dwyr/.- would not sell for less than £11 an aero, whereas he in fact sold for £10, and defendant retained tho difference. A claim was now made against defendant for the refund of £456. . Tho defeneo was that Lobb did not act as agent for tho purchnsor, . but for ' the vendor. Ho denied making any misrepresentation to plaintiff in connection with tho transaction. The jury found there was no evidence to -show that defendant wa3 agent for anyone but Dwyer. Defendant represented to Smart that tho vendor would not sell for less than £11, and this wns not true. Had there been np misrepresentation, it was probable plaintiff would have obtained tho laud at £10 an acre. His Honor reserved it for tho Full Court to determine whether on these findings plaintiff wns entitled to judgment for £456. BIr. Box and BIr. Cook appeared for tho plaintiff ; Dr. Bladdcn nnd- BIr. Isaacs for the defendant. An interpleader issue regarding 500 shares in Nolan's Stephen's Creek Brokun Hill Water Company Limited was. determined by BIr. Jus tice Hodges in tho Banco Court yesterday. Talbot Bridgewater applied to tlie company for the shares, and sent in his application money. The shares were allotted to him, and an intima tion given that they would be issued on payment of the allotment money, £62 10s. This had not been paid up to the present time. Bridgewater instructed J. H. Jenkins to dispose of his interest, and in December Inst it was . sold to Fitzgerald Moore. Subsequently, an attempt was made to sell to Nathaniel D. Herman. An interpleader issue .was direotod, in which Bridgewater and Herman wero .made plaintiffs and Moore and Jenkins defendants. Btoore wn3 prior in point of time as to the purchase, and also its to notification to the company. Conse quently his Honor considered him entitled to tlie scrip, which was to ho delivered up to him oh payment of £32 10s. This money wns to bo applied to the.paymcnt of Herman's costs, and if there was any balance the costs, of Blooro as well. Beyond this Jenkins was to pay tlio costs of all parties. ., A slioop trespass case, which has engaged BIr. Justioo Webb in the Equity Court for two or three days past, was brought to. a conclusion yesterday. The plaintiffs, Robert, Reuben and Gideon Bourchier, wero graziers, and tho defendants, Alfred, Joseph, William and John Blitchell, selectors, in tho North-Eastern dis trict. On the 6th February plaintiffs were driving a flock of 5145 sheep along the road from Corowa towards Eunditlong nnd Ulitpna, when 2500 of them entered defend ants' land. Defendants demanded Id. a head compensation ior destruction of grass. Plaintiffs demurred, nnd the sheep wero driven off with the view of being impounded. Even tually plaintiffs, endor protest, paid defendants £71 8s. , being at the rate of £5 a head for rams and Id, a head for ewes. Plaintiffs now sued to recover £500 damages. Defendants relied on the rights conferred as against trespassers by section 120 of tho Land Act 1884. His Honor held defendants wero not entitled to impound the sheep, and hence no right to demand com pensation, seeing that the land was not enclosed in a substantial fence. It merely consisted of two rails, tbc lowor of which was from 2 feet 3 inches to 2 feet 6 inches abovo the level of the ground. His Honor ordered the £71 8s. to bo refunded and £67 17s. to bo paid for damages. Judgment was entered up accordingly with costs. Mr. Blitchell and Mr. Anderson appeared for the plnintiffs; Mr. Kelly and BIr. Bindon for tho defendants. A small timber ease ' occupied BIr. Justioo Hodges iii tlie Bitiipo Court yesterday. The plaintiff, Daniel George CuUen, leased to defen dant, Thomas Rowan, a piece of - land - at Darnum, in Gippslnnd, giving him the right of cutting timber at tho rate of 3s. 6d. per 1000 feet. Plaintiff claimed £43- 15s. on this account and £2 in respect of the rent of a site for a saw mill. The latter item wns admitted. Defendant submitted ho did not get more than 53,000 feet of timber off plnintiff's land, for which he had paid £9 5s. 6d. His Honor found in plaintiff's favor for 48,000 feet in addition, or £8 8s., without costs. BIr. Irvino appeared for the plaintiff, BIr. Isaacs and Mr. Figott for the defendant. Two charges of child abandonment against Catherine Byrne were further investigated at tho Criminal Court yesterday before Mr. Jus tice Hood and a jury of 12. Mr. Finlayson prosecuted for tlie Crown, and BIr. Forlongo defended. The allegation was that prisoner received tho custody of a child of one Jessie Brown on the 23rd Blay, which on tho evening of the same day was found near a tree guard on the Brighton-road, close to the St. Kilda tram sheds, and that on the 26th Blay she obtained the child of one Caroline Hunt, which was subsequently discovered in a right of way near Park-street, North Carlton. The eases will be concludeilthis morning. \- , rAn.order absolute was made by Bfr. Justice Holroyd, in -the Practice Court yesterday, for .the compulsory sequestration of tho estate of Charlc3 Blaco, contractor, Abbotsford, on the inotipn of BIr.- Husband.- ,» The s. Excelsior, which ran .aground in thick weather nenr the "Williamstowii back bench on "Wednesday evening, wns successfully floated off on the high water about 3.30 yesterday morning. The vessel had made no water, and was apparently uninjured. She was taken up to the Queen's wharf forthwith, nnd mado the usual trip to Geelong during tlie day. Bfessrs. Huddnrt, Parker nnd Co. intend to place the steamer in dock nt the end of the week in order that n careful examination may be made of tlie keel, to see if any damage has resulted from the unfortunate occurrence. Dr. Plummer, president, and Mr. T. Patterson, secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society of Victoria, waited ou his Excelloucy the Governor yesterday morning, nt Govern ment House, and obtained his consent to open the annunl exhibition on the 28th August next, and, with Lady Hopetoun, to lunch with the council on the grounds. , A public trial of tho Alexandra- cream separator took place yesterday afternoon, at the premises of tho Melbourne Chilled Butter and -Produce ' Company,-- Flinders-lane west. - The machine is- juit being introduced into the colony by the well known firm of Messrs. T. Robinson and Co. . Tho points of superiority claimed for the Alexandra are that it will separate at a quicker rate than any other machine in the market, its minimum capacity being 30 gallons and maximum 3C0 gallons por hour. The smaller size can he worked by liar.d power, while cither hand or horse power may . be employed up to 150 gallons. Only ono-borso power is required to drive the largest size of machine, and this appears to be the chief advan tage it offers over other machines. The trial yesterday proved highly successful. An exhibition was also given of BVeigel's milk tester, a most ingenious instrument designed to ascertain the quality and value of milk. According to this milk tester tho Alexandra separator does its .work most efficiently. The separated milk showed that the whole of tho butter fat had been oxtraeted from it. Mr. Wilson, tho Government dairy expert, attended tho trial anil expressod the opinion that the new separator was likely to give every satisfaction. In n recent competition against several other machines at a leading dairy show in England the Alexandra was awarded first prize. The steamship Manapouri, which arrived yesterday morning from New Zealand, brtMglit -amongst her freight 12 horses, - including the racehorses Belvidere, Invernay, Little Sham rock, Sir Julius, Blizzard, Martonian and a pony named Topsy. The animals are in excel lent condition. Mr. Charles "Warner will mnke his last public appearance in Australia this evening at the Theatre Royal, when he will take a benefit. The first, third and. fourth acts of Hamlet will be produced, when the Ghost will be represented by BIr. Alfred Dampier, who has kindly volun teered his services : Bliss Gracie Warner will appear as Ophelia, and BIr. Charles Warner in tho title rot , Miss Nellie Stewart has also granted her services, and BIr. Sydney i)caneha9 volunteered his assistance. The performance will conclude with the third act of Captain Swift. The drama Sweet Lavender has been played at tlie Alexandra Theatre during the' week with great success, and to-night will witness its last performance. To-morrow night the farcical comedy Blamma will be reproduced, with tlio farce Bly Milliner's Bill as an afterpiece. In connection with tho forthcoming Pony Show at tlie Exhibition Building, intending oxhibitorB are reminded that - the time for the rccoipt of entries closes to-rnorfow at 5 p.m. The annual ball of the Caledonian Society will be held at tho Town Hall this evening. Dancing will commence at 8.45 p.m. instead of 9.p.m., as previously announced. His Excel lency the Governor and Lndy Hopetoun and suite will be present. Messrs. Gemmell, Tuokett and Co. will sell to-day Blessrs; H. Koek Kock ami Sons' collec tion of oil paintings and water colors contributed to tho Dtincdin Exhibition, numbering 67 examples. The works, which have been previously shown in Melbourne at various times, inoludo' A. de Lobbe's important Faust ant! Marguerite, Orselli's Interview in Hyde Park, Bliss Earl's Rescuing Highland Sheep, and works by Ten Kate, "Webb, Somenowski, Brandois, the Koek Kocks and others. BIr, Bl'Cubbins's pathetic Bush Funeral, which was one of tlie most important and attractive pictures siiowii at tile recent Yiotorian Artists' Exbibitionp'will bo offered on the same occasion. We havo received from Messrs. Stillwell ami Co. the Australian MedicalJonrnal for June. We have received from Mrs. Louisa .Times, £1 Is. towards the fund in aid of the distressed women of Bourke. The annual mooting of the Queen's Fnnd will bo held at the Town Hall this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. His Excellency the Governor will preside,- and the Countess of Hopetoun will be present. Messrs. tluddart, Parker una Co. Limited notify by advertisement in our shipping column that tho s. Excelsior will not make nor usual trip to Port aiiington and Geelong to-morrow, in consequence of going into dock. An advertisement appears .elsewhere, signed by the secretary of the Tailors' Union, requesting master tailors who have the whole of their work done on their own premises 10 communicate with the union at the Trades. Hall as early as possible, in order that thou- names muv be published. Mr. W. S. Mftltbv, the "bicycling champion, appeared at tho Columbia Elite Skating Rink, last night/ nnd. gave au exhibition of trick and fancy riding on the. Bugle bicycle ordinary and on one wheel, gainiug loud plaudits from" tho large audience which" had assembled to witness his feats. The late Mr. James Symon, ot Collingwood, having left £100 to tho charities, the executors have forwarded cheques to the following institutions Dr. Singleton's Collingwood charities, £10; Home of Hope, Collingwood, £10; ladies' Benevolent .Society (for distribution In Collingwood), £10 Children's Hospital, £10; Protestant Orphan Asy- luin, £10; Salvation Army Prisou Gute Brigade, £5; Salvation Army Hescued Sisters, £5; Melbourne Hospital, £5; Alfred Hospital, £5; Eve and Ear Hospital. £o ; -Homeopathic Hospital, £5 ; Benevo lent Asylum, £5; Deaf and Asylum, £5; Blind Asylum, £5 ; . Try Excelsior Class, £6. 