MARRIED BY A DOOR-KEY. By Mbs. M. L. Ratse, in Detroit Free Press. ' Come over to the church in half an boar, Myra. A couple are to be married then. It may amuse you to see one of our provincial My grandfather was a rural dean near Petit Godiac, or as they called it in the ver nacular, petticoat- and-jacket, and it would be hard to imagine a simpler life, or one more remote from the fashion which passeth away. The little stone church was old and pictu resque, ana me people wno worsmppea mere were as quaint and original as if they had stepped oat of another century. When I reached the church the wedding party had already arrived. It consisted of the party themselves, as much alone as were Adam and Eve at their bridal in Eden. They had arrived on horseback, and the unhitched animals — each saddled over a flowing white sheet, which made them look like equine ghosts in the twilight — were browsing about among the gravestones, disturbing nothing but the long tangled grass and the sweet briar roses that grew wild there. I hurried past them into the vestry, where the dean was struggling into bis white gown. 'Yon -^a.p be my curate for this occasion,' he said, as I peeped in at the door. ' You will be needed for a witness and bridesmaid, to assist with the ring.' I walked np the aisle of the little chapel and sat down in one of the high-backed pews and tried to see what manner of folk they were who had such queer bridal customs. Not young. And both were hard, of the humblest rustic type. The woman, brown as a gvpsv. wore a flowered muslin dress that was coarse and badly made. A string of beads and a white cotton veil were her ornaments. Both wore white cotton gloves, and as their hands were immense the effect was almostjTrotesque. Their faces expressed bashfnlness and a certain rude *?*aHnin of whatotherpeopleinightthink. They clutched hands as if they were determined that no power on earth should separate them at this After they had been instructed where to stand, they took their places, the bride eyeing me with some disfavor as a possible intruder. ' Who giveth this woman to be married to this man? At tiiis moment I stepped forward to make that part of the ceremony complete. 'I don't know she,' said the bride, edging away, bnt the dean paid no attention to her and repeated the sacred formula for them to follow with him. 'I will now take the ring,' said my grand father in a low voice. * 4 Reeng f* echoed the groom, ? ( I know nobbut a reeng. Has't any like a reeng, MftthUde?' The rafters rang with bis 'Whoa! Dobbin,' tone. ' I never thochto' the like. Happen well ne'er mind eech a leetlc thing a' that,' said the bride, with a look of genuine terror in her eyes, as if she might lose her gallant at the very altar. ' Take off your ring, Myra, we can use that for the ceremony,' said the dean, who carried out the Church of England ritnal to the letter. Alas, I held up my glovdess hands as des titute of rings as those of the bride herself. What was to be done. The dean wonld not have considered those good people property married if the ceremony of the ring were omitted. He glanced down at his own white hands, holding the sacred book, then he turned hurriedly to me. 'Go and bring me the key of the church' he said. ?' What in the world is he going to do with it *' I queried to myself, as I obeyed. Taking the large, brass key in his hand, he gave it to the man, designating the loop at the end of the handle He theu instructed him to slip the ring over the bride's finger. I nearly laughed aloud, as I saw the expression of surprise on the poor thing's face, as the key dangled on her finger, while the bride groom lomberingly repeated after the dean '? With this ring, 1 thec wed,' & c tta (Mjuiitta lire) were liuunm 1 lYKlOretl TUB key to the door and the groom handed a rnrle parcel to my grandfather. ' It's the pay t' weddin,' be said briskly. The dean tiianked him coarteoosly without having an idea as to what the parcel might There was a horse block at the door, on which the bride mounted with her dress tucked up about her. Only one horse with its napping bridal accoutrements was in sight. *' Richard 1' bcreainod the new wife, ' where *s my beast ?'* Richard had takcu off Mr white gloves and was cantering round among the gravestones. looking for the ' beast.' It was soon found, and after we had shaken hands with the two and wished them joy, the queer pair rode off in fine style. When my grandfather opened the panel he found the soft, eOky skins of a dozen musk rats — a princely fee from such a source. * \ 