REMARKABLE GATS. . The following felinegossip we have mtliered from various sources,^gnd how toy before our readers for their amuse ' iGiiti ■ >— ... ^ c-:._ While cats have been known, like the famished mothers in Jerusalem, to^dkivpur their own dffeprir^, they have al|p been, khowh, when .deprived- of their IrittfenSjto adept young/hares, hedgehogs, rats, .and even cffickens. She nnnsuaf8^iht-^'%1ra.t and five yonng ohea iii tfae same nest with, n eat and three Mttens has been seen in Edinburgh. • Tortoise-shell oats especially are'clever at opening doors ; others deplor able poachers oh weekdays, become the very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbath day comes round, besides /being capital hunters and mole-catchers, others can fish, riugdeor-bells, steal dream, and break eggs, in. a most_ systematic manner. But let the following- anecdotes apeak for them selves:— . ■ ^ The. cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of a mouse-hole .and then retared^.to awaitthe result* had surdy something ineommon with the human speculator andqiiack - who .. do es . pretty nearly the same .thing through a news paper advertisement. , While black data are,. supposed by the '.'superstitious '.to have some connection with tlH^JJvil One, - others make capital ghosts. ATartiihouse in/flie north country was haunted by. an invisible ghost, which, .for a considerable time, hiul been in the. habit of ringing, a certain bell, and .the most lamentable results were about .to. follow, when the fejper with the family Bible,.aud a student j with a bottle nvhidcy, sat - up all nig'-* and effectually, iaid the ghost. It wasdL-. covered, very much , to their satisfaction, that the bell had been rung by puss in her efforts to seize the handle, winch consisted of adjare's foot. - Many people have heard of the ploughman's wise and affectionate cat iMysie. A ploughman at the foot of the Ocbilshadbeen long Is—JiiBhomewas in.poverty—when the doctor said tlie poor man would die if . his strength was not kept up by.-stimulants and animal food. Let the sequel he told in thB words of the ploughinan/s wife.' " I put awa' my marriage. gown and ling to get him wine ; but we had nnething in the hpuse but milk and meal. Surely, sir, it wgs the Lord Himself that put it into that cat's head; for that same night she brought in a fine young rabbit, add laid it on the verra bed; and the next night the same, and every night, the same for a month, while's a rabbit and whiles a bird, till Heorge was up and- going to his work as usual. But she never brought anything liame after that."'.. The wgenuity shown by cats in opening doors is^ sometimes remarkable. A large cat", jn the country was in the habit of opening thedoor for himself in- the'follow ing manner. Tlu^handle of tlie" door was one of the old fashioned hooped kind, which required to be grasped and the latch pressed, with the thumb. He leapt on to the. window-sill, which was near the door, sprung from. their and caught the hoop with mis ■; forepaw,. and hung; on. until he pressed down the latch, with .the other— this operationrequiring Considerable force-r when the door swinging Open*puss dropped to the floor, and quietly, walked im In & Uke .ingenious manner,, .a cat.-has been known to open a kitchen-dresser door by 'working the bar which acted as a, fastener round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, apd thus gaining ingress. A correspondent sends - us the fdlowiiig: 5" A -Mend of mine has a cat which gives a double knock at the street-door .when it Wants to get in. The house has a side door which lias the upper panels glass, and the "knocker .is placed below, this, so that by standing on. its Limb-legs -it can ranch the knocker, which it takes hold of with both faws and gives a regular double, knock, isitors who do not know Toih's knock do not notice anything in it different from that given by a human bang, .mid. find it very-, difficult to believe it,is the cat, until, waiting till the knock is repented, the door isupened, ap_d Master Tom. wafta in.. They 'aie obliged to took pretty sharp to sce that lm is in beforo tlie house is sliyt up, as he has Several times returned, home ~ia the 1 middle of ft cold night, and knocked again and agafn, until someone lias been com pelled to get up and let him in. .Occasion ally when the door is opened in .answer to hip summons, he will stand purnng for a Short timeand then walk away, as if be ,ehjoyed"the"fuii of giving tbem ike trouble for nothing." , Another contributor writes: " We had a horse which was kept in a stable notfar from the house, and into the stable my man introduced a kitten, and a yery close j intimacy soon grow'up between the kitten j pnd the horse. I have often , seen her on his' back, which her equine friend .quite seemed to understand, andsbomade. her bed just -under bis manger, and we have frequently seen them having bits of fun together. "Hie hdrsG woujd advance liis head towards her, when puss would put up I both her paws and pretend to scratch liis | nose, .which lie seamed ratherto. enjoy ; and i Jhsu Jie would seizegriinaliui by the skin of herneckindns-teetli, and Hither up and rQuietlyfitop her, only Hirapeat the game, | which both seemed: to jeajow/ ;. " After a while;we^old the horses, wjiffise upon. the cat seemed ijuile disconsolate. Seriously. ike stable bad, been her home, where.she always stayed except for an oc casional run in the garden. : But now she could not be induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented-the.loss of -lier friend by hotting and mewing about the bouse." " I am tempted," sa.T5 a third correspon dent, "to inquire, whether instances arc common of cats .showing affection for strangers at first sit/M. Twice tbis has. happened to me; once on return from India after eight years" absence, and the second time on Matlieran Hill, near Bombay. "On the former occasion, baring reached home in tlie forenoon,-1 was taking a soli tary walk.in the garden after lunch, when a strange cat trotted up to me, rubbed itself against ine, rolled on the/path land frisked about.in front of .me, never-ceasing itsde- : monstration until i re-enterod the house and roam, into wbicli it raccompanied me. T was on the point of expressing my sur prise and grattflcationat the,warm welcome their .pet liad given me,-when my father exclaimed: " What! a cat! you:-never saw a cat in this house," and poor Puss, frightened at ike tone of voice, flew out of the room, and was never seen again. Pre cisely tlie same extravagant tokens of regard were shown me at Matlieran on en tering a.house that had been closely shut up during the rains.- In this ■ instance the cat belonged to the Mallee who lived on the premises, but it was a recent acquisi tion, and had never seen ine before. The attachment was also short-lived like the former one, and ended that morning by Puss being caught with its head in the butter-dish when breakfast was announced. Both animals were full grown." "An anecdote which has just reached me from America," writes a fourth contributor, " seems to outdo all former records. About a year ago, a cat, unheralded .and unknown, came to the house of Mrs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 03, Fifteenth Street, foouth Brooklyn, United States; and the day after Pussy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs which a hen had deserted. Madame Puss was driven off the eggs re peatedly, for fear she weuld break them, but persisted in returning and lying on them. At last, to the astonishment of the household, she appeared with four chicks, which she had succeeded in hatching! -.Since then, she lias hatched four broods; and .on /November 8.tb, when my correspon [ dent .wrote to me, she was hatching a fifth I The writer says: When I called to see Ibis cliicken-liatching cat, I found in one corner of the kitchen-a large bird-cage, around, which a dozen good-sized cliickens were strutting and picking up a meal. Inside the cage, on some straw, was the cat, cover ing four eggs. In order to do this, she stretched herself full length over them, and so hid them from view.'. Mis. Leonard says: ' She leaves them at intervals, but only for • a short time; and the chickens she has brought into the world show as much filial affection for her as is generally shown by Chicks for their natural mother.' Tlie cat has always evinced great kindness towards her offspring. When her first brood ap peared, she carried one chicken up a stair, taking it cat-fasliion by the back of tlie neck. The chicken's skin being tender, blood flowed from tlie young biped; but the cat applied her tongue to the wound daily until it healed, and now the chicken is a full-grown hen." . M the course of an animated discussion in the columns of the Scotsman newspaper on the subject of animal intelligence several good cat stories were related. We. quote one or two of them. SSme twynty-ftve years ago a young tody residing in tlie Crown and Anchor Lane, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at tbe fireside, fell asleep. She was suddenly awakened by the cat, which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing her hair, to discover that her clothes had canght fire to such an exfcst, vthitt she narrowly escaped being burnt' to death. : The jtecncity .^)f li£s in the cat is well •aiustrated ia'tliefollowing story Land and Water, given in the words of the narrator: Greatly to the sorrow of the., cMIdren,.qur c4k a kfdf -Persian, suddenly j disappeared, and her accustomed place by | the hearth, "knew her no more.". Search | was made high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and token for a voyage, or lolled, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Oreat, then, was our surprise lagfFriday :©n seeing pussquietly walk in, scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covered with fur, and take "her seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed and .caressed, -ad Ubiiaua. The next day we j learned her adventures. It seems on thej 21th of February, puss had strayed in to j pay, a qeigiihour a visit, and then finding a plank of the flooring up—a in ah was alter ing ,tlie gas-pipea—had. retired., into this J hojeto seekflflcg, — Indue coqr6ethe plank: was-nafied down, and. the cat: made a; prisoner, Here then, without food, drink, or air, puss^ remained until tho_ 20th of March, when her incessant scratching made the.occupier of the house fancy a rat must have a nest there, and take up the flooring to lay poison. The poor creature was taken, out considerably mere .dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of beef-tea, and the next day found strength to crawl home. After lief twenty-nix days fast, I think poor puss fuily entitled to a most absolute indulgence during the re mainder .of Lent." Another correspondent to the Scotsman, gives a brief biographical account of several of his feline friends. " No. 1 was a she-cat of the gray brindled kind, which I believe is the Scottish breed. . She,»like Mimrod, was q mighty hunter. -Hares, rabbits, and partridges all fell victims to, her sporting propensities. What is remarkable, is, that whatever she killed she invariably brought home, and laid at my mother's feet If they were- worth keeping, a6 they often were, they were appropriated, while puss sang her song of. pleasure; if they were not worth keeping, they were given backtoher, I and she devoured them with relish. She ate none till they were lifted and then thrown down to her again. She was fond of fish, but unlike other cats, she was. willing to wet her feet for them. Often has she been watched sitting on the burn bonk until a trout came within reach, when down went her paw and out came the trout, almost without fail. " No. 2 was a Tom-cat, red and white. \ Like No. l, lie was a mighty hunter. At first he brought the fruits of the chase home; but afterward^ became more selfish, .and .devoured what he could on the spot What was left he kept hidden until it,was required. Perhaps your readers may con sider what follows about him as incredible but it. is a^ fact nevertheless!. He seemed to become weary of the lying-in-wait process of catohinggame, and actually gndeavonred to run down hares by speed of foot! Ever after that we considered hiui as having ' a .want'. He was shot because, when a cer tain gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pounced upon a covey, and deprived the sportsman-gardener of his. game. Out of revenge, he lodged the shot in poor Qib," Aladyin Norfolk writes as follows: "We had a cat that always came to family worship. -She knew the bell, and would race from the garden or yard to reach the door ere it was closed, then take her place demurely on the hearthrug, and sit erect witlv tail curled gracefully round her paws. When her kitten was old enough to enjoy the privilege, the mother made Iter come too 1 and -sit by her side in precisely the sa me position, gravely reproving any inclination to play.". We close our selection with the following extraordinary "instance of a -cat drowning itself, the facts, being vouched for by a correspondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: ".I have never been able to find a proper solution for . the pithy sayings " Care killed a cat;' but recently a circumstance occurred which may throw some light upon_ the matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals. ." Some of us a few days ago were looking fwrn a elub -window which commands a fine view of the North Inch of Perth, and were struck by the erratic movements of a. large black cat. The creature was wander ing about upon the Inch in a listless and it seemed an aimlesB fashion, sitting down now and then, and after a brief pause re suming its loiterings. Presently it moved. down the river-side towards the bridge which spans tbe Tay, and we lost sight of the animal and also of. our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing the bridge, an acquaintance laid hold of me, and told me that he bad something curious to com municate, in the way of natural history. During his constitutional, his attention was arrested by the figure of a black cat: sitting upon a heap of stones and wearing j an aspeet of the most strange dejection. ] Passing on, he turned round after a little and perceived the cat following slowly in ; Sis-track; Then it came close up to him, • gazed pitacusly in Ids face, and gave utter ance to- a low wail of peculiar anguish. Holding out his hand out to the distressed creature he said, "Poor Pussy! what's the matter with you?" It looked at him steadily for a moment, and then descending to tlie river in silence, leaped in, and keep ing its. whole body resolutely under, was drowned in two minutes without one attempt to eseape from its fate. Is it known to any one of your readers that anhmib are -addicted like men and. women to the sin of suicide? We have all read of the scorpion putting an end to its agony by the keen poignard of its own sting, but we are in the habit of identifying suicide with those of tlie human species who cannot bear to face their own actions. Could it be that poor grimalkin was under mental aberration, or had care really killed the cat ? Were the cares of life too much for this unfortunate of the feline tribe? When we think of the proverbial dislike of cats even to wet their glossy paws, the act recorded evinces a deep' determination of purpose and a fixed loathing of life. 