Her Favorite Book. In answer to the question what^book has given me most pleasure, I reply, without ! hesitation, " Pilgrim's "Progress;" It was , when I was ubout seven years of age that I ' passed from " CinderalU" to Bunyan's | matchless work without suepeating tlmt it was not a child's book. And, possessed of the precious volume-new books were rare in 1 those days-I climbed a tull " secretary " to Bsoape the younger children, who were too , small to scale the back of a ohair and follow j me. We were n noiBy set-nine in all-and secured in comparative quiet on my high perch, 1 dreamed dreams and saw viaionB 1 BUah as no fairy tale ever unveiled to mu. { Types and shadows there were none. The | actors of the drama were not creatures of ( Botion; they were positive subetanoe, my j familiars, and now are placed with my personal recollcotione. 1 The narrow path, straight as a rule oouid ! make it, was plain to my eyes as the foot- J paths whioh streaked my father's orahard under the apple trees. I hung entranced ' over every step in the marvellouB journey, I and eaw olearly, as I eee this pen and p&per;, the very stately palace, the name of whioh was Beautiful, and it stood by the highway pide; _ How my young heart rejoiced when Chrintian found the lions guarding it were chained ! As he dropped his load into a Bepulohre ami gave tbrte leaps for joy, my HOUI leaped too, only to sink again when he fell into the clatohea ol Giant Despair, and was beaten with the grievous orab-trea cudgel in the awful courtyard paved with skulls of pilgrims. How foolish of him to forget the key Promise, whioh would open and look in Doubting oaatle, and how I longed to twist my hands in the hair ol that Flatterer with his net 1 Deliaious to imagination were the good things the travollera had to eat by the way. The raiaina and pomegranates, the cordials! wine red as blood, and those wonderful grapea that go down so sweetly as to cause the lips o! them that are asleep to speak. The feastB almost made up for the fights with saaly dragons and terrific shapes com ing out of the burning pit, terrors that made hideous the road through Dark Valley and aatisfied my juvenile love of the mysteries and horrible. Sweet to childish fanay were the rarities and fair shows of the Interpreter's house; the letter of the king which smelt after the manner of the best perfumes ; the orchards and vineyards of the Deleotable mountains (then I had never seen a mountain), and the lovely shepherds at Beulah who strewed flowers before the feet of pilgrims bound for the city of their prinoe. Here and there I had to spell out hard words, many things were puzzling, but the very wonderments added to the oharm of the story. What was a quagmire, what was a muck-rake, what were stooks, a oivet-box; how would one grasshopper bnrden a man, and what sort of shoes wete they whioh never wear out, and how oould the Shining Ones dress in gold clothes? I shivered at the passage through the oo'd, black river, forever flowing; the river . that has no bridge, but, oh I the rapture in the triumph beyond 1 The ringing bells, the melodious noises, the singers, and harpers with their harpa ; above all, that One who sat on the great white throne with the rainbow round His head. Those pages thrilled me lika an outburst of triumphant mueio, thp exultant feeling one has in cathedrals re sounding with eome mighty anthem. It was winter time, and the pleaaanter for. deep SDOWB without were thoughts of warm palace rooms, tho delicate plain ease, the shady arbor, and the meadow curiously beautified with lilies, green all tho year long. At eunset I looked through giBtening towers on frosty window panes, as many years after wards I watched the domes end Epires of old Stamboul floating in silvery inists of the Boephoruc. and reoalled tbo treuiulouB glimmer in the shepherd's perspective alasa. On the top of a high hill oa'.led Clear, they could not look steadily, yet they thought they saw something like the gate of the Celestial oity, and also some of the glory of the place. Nothing was faint or vaporous. Near at aand, not high and distant, waa the city of the kiDg-an undimmed-Bplendor. ' When I went to bud that night lovely ahapes, walking, floating, flying, went with mo, and angel eyes watohed over my sleep. The supreme delight of the book was Great heart, my hero in the bright armor and helmet with plumes; the giant killer, the lover of women and children, who marohed up to the lions, not minding if they were chained or not. The warrior-imnge has not changed in the waste of years, nor cttn it change. He lives while relatives have died. I loved him then, I love him yet. Familiarity h~.s not dulled tho ohnrm of the wondrous tale, and still does the m.yatio touch of memory sound tho anoiont strings. In a half century of pilgrimage I have repeatedly met tho very brisk lad. named Ignorance, who came from tho -country of Oonoeit, have oaught glimpseB, on soveral continents, of Madame Bubble celling her vanities, a tall, comely dame, with something of a sworthy oomp'.exion. And, in strange lands, while under tho friendly roof of our missionaries', I bethought m_o of the large upper roomB where the pilgrima alept and Mercy dreamed her Rlorioua dream; Its window opeuod toward the sun- rising, the name of the chamber waB Peaoe. _ . From Buriyari,the change to "Tho Arabian Nights" was easy ; thenoe I turned to Shake speare, where I remain unto this day. No shrine outside of Palestine moved me like the poor little house where he spent his boyhood, unconsoiouB that he waa to enrich the human race with its greatest literary in heritance. As I write the name there rises before me tho oool gray day we epent at S iratford. The waters of Avon go ecftly past the old town, which is apeekle6sly clean and bowered in vines and creepers. On the Luoy estate, hard by, is the Shakespeare stile, made in tho ancient fashion, so the upper bar drops and oatches the feet of the poacher trespas sing on the deer park. We registered our namea in the book, always open, where, every year, 12,000 are written, many by visitors from the dear land we love to call our own. Two .quaint women beep the place, and tell their story with a freshness that oheers the tired traveller. Again I touch the ceiling of the room were "the foremost man of all this world" waa born, and mark the low doorways, the cramped and crooked stairs leading to the loft in whioh he used to sleep among the rolls of wool. Not one thought of the endleaa dedate came near us that day. Among the green haunts were many ahadows, but the cloudy spector named Bacon did not ap* pear. Who wrote Othello 1 The most pathetic of human compositions. As well ask who made the world. Next to Shakespeare stands Seott. '. Ivan hoe " is a perfect romanoe,. and the Iftat conversation of Bebecoa with the templar is worthy tho great master himself. The sylvan scenes, with scented woods atad ruBh ing brookB, are remindera of the deep forest where Jacques mused, and Bosalind laughed at love till he caught her in his net. . _ It ill beoomes one who haB - not read " Bobert ElBmere" to oritioise the modern novel, or tell, even in this striot oonfidenoe, how, in the general deluge of literature, the only rest is found with n few Bonis oounted worth Baving from the flood. Read mean books and you think the whole world mean. Better to seek the demigods of Plutarch, or read taleR of brave men near our time, who' were stirred by deep impulses to endure saoriflce for a noble end. Though there is no opportunity for heroic deeds, we can admire and revere the heroes who heard heavenly voices and thrilled with the sense of great things, visible and invisible, to be struggled fbr. So shall we, too, b0 uplifted. The brief space allotted me forbids mora than a hint of afternoons filled with the music of the poeta. Familiar are the melo dies of "Penseroso" and "Allegro," tha words of the " Anoient Mariner," of " Mar., mion," the " Prisoner of Chillion," and tha voice, "hollow like a ghost's," of Arthur-the ideal yet most real of English kings-" blefl eing the queen with milk-white' arms ana golden hair, low lying at his feet." When the lamps are lighted then oomea the hour for the household Binger, the Oam-i bridge poet, most beloved man of letters in our generation ; who spends evenings wittl him keeps .^ood company, " And thui 'rom day to day, my little boat Hooks in ith harbor, lodging peaceably. _ . BleHsingB be Kith them, and eternal praise, Who gave us nobler lovea and nooler cares, The poeta, who on earth have made us heirs Of truth and pare delight {>7 heavenly . layBl" . 