An Ocean Tragedy, CHAPTER XVm IS SHE THE "SHABI.!" BY W. CLARK "RUSSELL. . IT was not to prove a gale, though it u-ould liave been hard to guess what lay behind that dirty jumble of white and livid terraces which had been stealthily creeping all tlie moining zemthwards. The clouds scattered to the rush of the mud, tilie sun with a brightened disk leapt from one flying vaporous edge to another, dazzling out the snows of the dissolving seas till tlie eye reeled from the glare of the brilliant foam and the sharp and lovely sparkle of the pure dark blue between. Indeed, before long the wind steadied down into a noble sailing breeze with a piebald sky of wann and cheerful weather steadily swinging into the southeast, as though the whole heaven revolved from one quarter to another like a panorama on. a cylinder. Wilfrid looked lus wishes, but said nothing. He hung apart in a fashion that was the same as telling me to keep off, nor had lie anything to say to Miss Jennings. • Finn easily interpreting.his master s face, .piled cloths on the yacht till it seemed as though another ras; would: blow the whole - lofty white fabric of canvas,-tapering spar, and ngjjmg.clean oyer the bows. We fed along in thunder, and to every curtsy of the vessel s head the water recoiled in a roar of spume as far as tlie jibboom end, to speed aft as fast, you would have thought, as the eye could follow it, the swell washing to the counter as if to help her. 'We held on in this way for some tune, .when suddenly Wilfrid, who had come to a ahead, bawled with the liote of a shriek in his voice, "Look !" and •out. sprang his long arm pointing directly on a line with our bowsprit. " Ay, there she is, sure enough '." cried I, as I caught sight, to a floating lift of the deck at that moment, of the pearhsh gleam of canvas of a milky brilliance slanting past the soft whiteness of a head of sea against, the marble look of the sky there, where the sun-touched clouds were going down to the ocean edge m a crowd with a vein of violet here and there amongst them. I glanced at Wilfrid, not knowing what sort of mood, this first glimpse of the yacht would put into him, but there was no alteration of face- His countenance had set into an iron hard expression ; methouglit resolution could never sliow.more grimly stubborn- Miss J ennings came to the side to look. " There ie little to be. seen as yet,"-said I to her, "but we shall be heaving her hull up very soon. She is taking it quietfy." .; • Finn stood near; I took his glass from hun and levelled it. " Why, 'tis merely ambling with her, captain," said I; "gaff topsails down and no hint of squaresail that I can make out. The cloud weare making astern should puzzle her. D'ye think Gaptam Fidler will recognise tins vessel?" ••-.••• "Why, yes, sir; bound to it," he answered ; '' we aren't like the Shark, you know.; our figure-head alone is as good as naming us. Then our sheer of bow'ud sarve like a. sign-post to Fidler. Back this by our square rig and he'd have to ha' fallen dark to mistake,'' meaning-by dark, blind. " Is the Shark to be as easily recognised ?" asked Miss Jennings, who stood close by me, occasionally laying her hand upon my arm to steady herself and jutting the other to her hps to speak, for the breeze rang with a scream m it at times over, the rail in a manner to sweep the words out of her mouth as though her syllables were the smoke of a cigarette. Finn shook his long head " Lay me close aboard, miss," said he, " and I'll tell you the Sharkivom another craft; but there's, nothen distinct about lier as there is with us. She's black without gilt like a great many others, of -a slaving pattern, long, low^ without spring forrads or aft, with apple sides like-others again. But," said he.after a pause, during which he had token a look through his telescope at the glistening fragment hovering like a butterfly over the bow, "though 1 don't want to say too much, sir, I'd be willing to lay down a good bit of money on the ,cliance of yonder chap'proving the Shark. Tune, place, all sarcumstances point her out" "True,"said I; "butthere are many fr-Jiooneis afloat." "Ay, sir, but such a coincidence as that, your honour," said he pointing, " sits to far on the «eige of whites likely to tit it to sarve as part of a man's reckonings." "I agree with Captain Einn,"sai3 Miss Lauia , "besides, I feel7icie that it is tlie vessel Me are pursuing " She laid her liand upon her bosolu and turned to cross the deck where her chair was I assisted her to her seat with, a peep out of the corner of my eyes at Wilfrid, but Uieie was no encouragement In his lace, so, posting fliyself forward of -the companion fox the shelter of it, I lighted •> cigai .and puffed away m silence till the luiic-heon^bell rang. jW^lfna.did not to table 'When I returned on deck lingering nearly an 3ionr f £elow£' with the„wisli tp'yjit^ome Jiear Miss Jemungs, 4to:«ras pitifully deject and nervous,^nd partly hecausB I liaHjbada long spell in the ofcen -sSr^md guesEejf that for some %me-yet'4here yould$Se little enough of "the choonfer/?howing?tp 1 worth looking at^I^ayVhen 1 ajpmrned 1 found coism^Ttihe jail qwth ha arms 4agl% slafpBd^on "his ireastj] ftawglfeeHly iihead '^vith-a.-face —^ indeed with the';seo5$ing"<kmtrac •he brov ^ but. s uillcctcd in the dcicr- |iined tevcrirv of it as -can be imagined.' la-fact, the sight of J&e; schooner ahead eeL* sad had gathered all his faculties and wandering fancies and imaginations into a bunch, so to speak, and his mind as you saw it in his eyes, m the set of his "lips, in the resolved and contained posture of his body- was as steady as that of the sanest man aboard us. It was without wonder, howe-ver, that I perceived we had risen the yacht to the line of her rail, when ! noticed that she still kept under short canvas whilst -the JSride was bursting through the surges to the impulse-now even of the lower studdingsail: I took -Finn's .glass from lnm and made out a very handsome schooner, loftily sparred .with an immense head to her mainsail, the boom of which hung far over her quarter, whilst she swang m graceful floating leapings from hollow to ndgc with the round of her stern lifting black and flashing off each melting brow that Tinderran her. We had, indeed, come up with her hand over hand, but then it would be almost the worst.point of sailing f6r a fore-and-aft vessel, whilst we were carrying in. our square rig alone pretty-nearly the same surface of canvas that she had abroad. She was too far off as yet, even with the aid of the glass, to distinguish her people. "What do you thmk, Finn, now ? said [, turning to him. He stood close beside me with his long face working with anxiety, and straining . his sight till [ thought he would shoot his eyes out of their sockets. "If she ain't the Shark,'" said he, " she's Uie Mynirj Dutchman.: I had b one doubt.. Yonder graft's boats are white, and my notion, but I couldn't swear to hun, was.tliat the Sharh'shozt were blue. I've, been forrards amongst the iijgn,<a few of whom are acquainted with ljQrd Wmterton's yacM, and one of 'em says her boats was blue, whilst th'others are willing to bet their lives that they are white." " But the cut of b er as sli e shows yonder proves her the Sharks you think ? " ^ " I do, sir," he answered emphatically. "Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, f' after this hang me if -I don't - burn my book and.agree with your mate, old Jacob Crimp, to believe in ghosts " I levelled the glass again and uttered an exclamation as I got the lenses to bear upon her. "By thunder, Finn! yes, tliey^Iook to have the scent of us now See \ there goes her gaff topsail'" • .. Wilfrid caught my words " What are they doing? "lie roared,bursting outma mad way from Ins rapt iron-like sileRce, "making sail, d'je say?" and he came running up to us .with an. odd thrusting forward.of lus head asthough straining to determinewhat- • was scarce more than a blur to his short sight He snatched the glass from my hand. •" Yes,"he shouted, 'land .there goes .her squaresail. By every saint, Finn, 'there's an end >of my doubts," and he closed the glass with a l uiging of the tubes as he telescoped them' that would have madeyou thmk the thing was in pieces in his hands. • - " Shall I signal her to heave to, your honour ? " exdaimed'Finn; speaking with a- doubtful eye as if measuring the distance. "Ay, at once,"cried Wilfrid., "but"— he cast a look at the gaff end—" she'll not see your /colours there, 1 " pointing Telle-- mently. • • • . .. • "I'll run 'em up at the fore, Sir Wilfrid : they 'll blo w out plain there with-the, t gallant halliards let go " • "Do as you will, only you must make her know my meaning," cried mycousin, and he nent nith an impetuous stride right aft and resumed lus former sentinel posture. -Miss Jenmngs came timidly up to me " She is the £7iai L, then ' " she said ui a low voice " All who know her are agreed, Finn, says, saving here and there a doubt about the colour of her boats," 1 answered She had a sailor's eye for sea effects, and instantly noticed that the schooner :ahead had broadened her.-sliow of canvas "Do-they suspect -nlio nc are?" she' exclaimed, talking as though she -were musing. "l!?o doubt tlio Bnde is recognised, and' tlley will ran away if they can. She looked at Wilfnd " I do not like to speak to him;" she exclaimed. "He's Jailing Hope Kennedy over and over again," said I; "lnsivife is before him, too, and he is haranguing her Bless us, what a wonderful thing human, imagi nation is'" TJp went the signal flags forward in a string of balls, a man tygged, .the iiuiitii)g: broke and streamed out in its vanefcy of i lustrous colours, eveiy flag stiff as a hect of horn handpauited, with the light of the skypastitshoTimg through I caught myself breathing short and hard whilst waiting -for what was to -follow this summons to theTiimung craft We had been crushing through it after "her with the speed of a -steamer, and, supposing her indeed to be the jShujc, 3iad literally verified "Wilfrid's boast t^iat the UruU could «ailtwo feet to her one „ JBut now that she had broadened her v. Jigs there was a threat of considerable tediousness-in the chase. "Do you suppose tlieyiave made out what yacht vie arel" I asked Finn "Likely aa not, sir I shall thinks so for sartin If they -don't -shorten sail on p readiagahat bunting up fliere. c Aatianger 'ud be willing enough to f-pc k iii- Why not ? J&s; imderBtandable^liat^idler should have "kept his jags- small la the v •face f of Uie^nuck that was crandmg mthe norjrad thisjnoniing. ''-He's got liptheri to chase, and -wis always r'a careful -man, so i I'saeTieard and 14eU ye, air, '^aid le in a Jti subdued way upeaiong "roth his eyes fixed on .Mass Jennings, who stood-close with a white ^tace, ""that the sight bf^ffi easv canvas iB-ahnost^Hie ^amejixD me-fi-seeing of her ladyslup»a'£ittmg'there," leveD' ' his liairy finge.r^% ^iov,^ MsheV^s'of^ie^ater^ebtBgriMngj: _ breeze come and^he andihe^was- alw^ior'haying^ was-alwayBior'haying, f -Sir WilMd '"rea>lcD" sail.': M e put th^e glass tohis eye as he spoke. "Hillo!" he exclaimed in . an instant, " they're hoistings colour. There it goes—there it blows. .Oh my precious eyes ! : What is it? what is it?'.' he rumbled, talking to himself and working into tlie glass as tlinugh he would dri-'e an eye clean through it "Why. Sir Monson," he bawled, " I'm Field Marshal the Duke o' Welhngton, sir, if she han'thoisted Dutch colours " I snatched the glass from his hand, and sure enough made out the Batavian hon-. zontal tri colour streaming from the peaksignal halliards like a fragment of rainbow against the lustrous curve of the mainsail ""•'ivnfnilp-rsiioutea^atiaressiiigi,^, as he stood right aft, Miss Laura and- I and the skipper being grouped a little forward of tlie main rigging, '* they've hoisted Dutch colours. She's a Hollander,., not, the Sharlc!" and I fetched something like a breath of relief, for it was a condition of suspense that you wanted to see and end to one fashion or another as quickly as possible. .. He approached.us slowly, took the glass from my hand in silence and after a steady inspection turned to Finn. "She's the: Shark," he said, with a- fierce snap in his manner that was like letting fly a pistol at the skipper.:. " Your honour thinks -so J " - •" Don't j-ou ? " " Them Dutch colours, Sir Wilfrid " "A device, a trick! What could confirm one's suspicion more than yonder display, of a foreign ensign? She's-the Shark, I - tell you, and that colour's a stratagem; What do you say, Charles ? " "I'm blest if I-know what to -think,": said I; "If she's the.Shark, why has sh taken it so leisurely^ only just now settmg. her squaresail and gaff topsail though we have been m sight for a long tune, crowding down upon her under a press that should awhile since have excited their suspicions? No. need for them to - hoist Dutch colours.. If Fidler thinks he is chased, why don't he haul his wind instead of keeping that fore-and-aft concern almost dead .before it, as if he didn't know on which side to carry his main boom ? " " She's the Shark / " thundered Wilfnd; " the flag she is flying is.a he. Finn," he cried m a voice so savagely imperious, so confoundedly inenacingj that I saw Miss Laura shrink, whilst ..the poor .skipper gave a hop as though - he had touched something red-hot; " are we overhauling that vessel!" . "Yes, Sir Wilfrid " "How long will it take us to come within gunshot of her ? " Finn scratched the back of his head. " 111-. Monson, sir," said he, addressing; ut me, "that gun ull- throw about threequarters of a mile, I allow." - " Call it a mile," said I. My-cousm, with his . nostrils distended!, s to tlie widest, his respiration hysteric, his\ whole body on the move, and with that! raised look in his face 1 have formerly described, - stared at Finn as though he would slay him with Ills gaze. The skip-' . per. scratched Uie back of lus head again: "Well, your honour; if yon schooner" holds as she is and this here , breeze don't : take, off, we ought to be within gunshot, here ho produced a silver watch of the size and shape: of - an apple, ." in -three hours' time,- making it about half-past: five" i " How far is she distant now ?" " Betwixt three and four - nnle, Sir Wilfrid " " Get your gun ready." - .- - "A blank shot, your honour > " " A blarik devil and be damned to you. Load with ball. Who's your gunner ' " \--•.-•''. We shall-have to, manage amongst us,'. Sir ^ ilfr/d." turning a face of alarm upon me X was about to remonstrate, but there was. an expression m the eye - that my cousin bent oil me at that instant that caused me to take Miss Jennings' hand as an invitation to her to cross the dect and walk. . "Charles,!'said he, "you told .me that you knew something about gunneiy. Will, .you handle that weapon yonder--for-me-?." : -. -'Wilf, it is madness," said I. What! plump a shot into a craft that may not be -the vessel you want! or, which m-my opinionis just as bad, firo.atwith a chance of sinking -a yacht with a lady aboard- - that lady your wife—the woman whom yon: have embarked *>n this extraordinary adventure to rescue?" My blood rose with my words. I dared not trust myself to reason with lnm. I crossed the, deck with Miss Laura, andwhen- we -faced round I . spied Wilfrid marclung, forwards with Finn, and; pre-' sently he was by the side of the gun gesticukfcing veliemently to a body of seamen .who: had .collected round the P'ece. : ; Our signals were kept flying at the fore, whilst with the naked eye one could behold the minute spot of colour steadfast at the schooner's peak. Onwards she held her course, -swarming steadily.forwardin long gliding curtsyings over each frothing surge that chased her, a most shapely and beautiful figure with a long flash of her low- black wet bide coming off the line of foam like a lift of dull sunshine, whilst on highsoared the stretches of her sails with some • thing of the airiness of a dragon fly'swing: in the milk-white softness of then spaces against the cloudy distance beyond The tune passed, Wilfrid remained forward.: He stood upon one of the anchors swaying with folded arms to tlie movement of the yacht, staff .as a handspike, his face fixedly directed at the schooner ahead. The sailors hung about, chewing hard, spitting much, saying tilings to one another jpast the hany backs of their hands; here and: there a whiskered face looking stupid with a sort of dull wonder that was like an inane smile, but the fact Is, from Cutbill downtothe^ouiigesthaiid'-alliheseameri were puzzled, excited and uneasy The state of my-cousin's mind showed plainly, toitlielea^tpenetratmgoftihoBe-nautical eyes Mb man. -amongst them could imagine what wild directions would be delivered, -and though I made no doubt the gun would be let fly when the order to "fire was given, I was pr-ettyiure- ithat should it come-toa command -to board^lie schoonerjby force tlie men- Would decline : Sometimes Fimrwas forward, fluttering near Wilfrid, sometimes -aft, restlessly inspecting the compass or going feverishly; to/the -side and ^looking over, -when-again and again I would Tiear him say^ni v ice as jiarsTi as^the sound of a carpenter's' "Qloiy,* gloiyl blow -any sweet breeze, JilowJ" manifestly unconscious' that he spoke aloud "Jut evidektlyobtamvag -some ease Gf-inint'froin I *the-ejacuk- Jion. ' , ; ^: - 3?hs aim WfinfrfloatiEg down westwards lie^breeze Shifted iim andr&en.; jsla inued'4o i blow -egular. iheefaf<anff^.fp tfaening to the sky under the descending sun, on what slie might know to be some best point of sailing. She kept hersquaresail spread and the Dutch flag hoisted, and swung stubbornly ahead of us, making nothing of -our signals,, which still continued to fl" Through Finn's g 7 ass I could dis tinguish the figures of a few seamen forward and a couple of men pacing tlie weather side of the quarterdeck Now and again a head would show at the rail as though watching us, but the suggestion I seemed to find in the general posture and air aboard the vessel was that of indifference, as though, m fact, we had long ago ediausted .curiosity, and had bee» -quitted as a spectacle for -inboard jobs and f.hp 3-jiuf.iTip nf iuirh lifo us vras led-there. Is she the Shark?" I said to Finn - "If she .isn't," said he, "my eyes ain't mates, sir. It is but a question of the colour of the quarter-boats " , "I see no name on the counter " on her." \- "She's steered bya wheel," said I. "iRo is the Shark, sir." . "What do the men forward who know the iSftarfc think now?". I asked. "Two of fem say that it ain't her; the rest that , it is. - But ne'er, a man aboard has that knowledge of her that 'ud give linn conscience -enough to take an oath upon it. ! Gloiy, glory, there she walks! By the piper that played afore Moses m the woods, your honour; 'twill be the fairest.sunnse. tliat ever I see that hghts up tlie end of. this dammed mess, begging your pardon, Mr. Monson, and -v ours, miss, I'm sure. Fact is, 1 feel all of a work inside me, like a brig's boom in a calm." - e : "I am unable to hold tlie glass steady," said -Miss Laura. "Mr. Monson, I see no signs of a lady on board. Do you, Captain Finn?" " Hot so much as the twinkle of a hinch of petticoat, miss ; but if her ladyship's there, of course she'd keep below " " You know Captam Fidler," said I. " Very well, sir." • "There are two figures walking that quarter-deck. Is one of them he ? " .. " It's too fur off, sir. - I've been looking and looking, bub it's too far. oft, I say, .sir; - llmrt !" he suddenly roared, " they're a-going to fire," and he rolled hurriedly forwards. A. moment or two after, crash ! went the gun. The blast broke in a dead shock upon -the ear, and the smoke blew away over the lee-bow as red with the tincturing of the sun as a veil of vapour at the edge of: the crimson moon: Miss Jen- .nings shrieked. A long yeammg gush of. sea catching the Bride fair on the quarter swung her for a breath or two so as to hide the schooner, then to lier next yaw with Wilfrid still on the anchor bending forward in impetuous headlong pose and two or three sailors handling the gun and a crowd of men m the head staring their hardest, the chase swept into view afresh - . " Ha!" X shouted, " she's heavmgto." . " Oh, Mr. Monson! " .cried Miss Jenmngs, clasping her hands. Instantly Finn fell to thundering out orders., " In stun'sails ! clew up -the t'garnsail! down squares'l ;_down gaff tops'l I" Twenty such directions volleyed from him.;: m a-tnce the decks of the Bride were as busy as an antlnll; canvas rattled like musketry as it was hauled down; the strains of Cutbill's whistle shrilled-high above the voices of the men,-and a true ocean meaning came rolling into the commotion, and clamour from the yeasty seething over the side, tlie singing of the wind past the ear, and the -fnsky motions of. the yacht as she brought the sea on her- bow heading, to Finn's yell to the man at tlie -helm, to range to windward of the schooner that was now fast : conung round with her squaresail descending, -her mam tack hoistmg and her topsail withering with her head to the west. - Distance is mightily deceptive at sea. How far off the schooner was when they let drive at her from our forecastle I could not,say: :, She was probably out of range at .all events, she showed-no damage as she came rounding to, away down upon the throbbing blue which had softened much within the hour, with a bronze gleam of slieatliing, as- ,slie. heeled -Over- ere her canvas broke shivering in- the eye of tlie wind, that wonderfully heightened the 1 eauty of the long, low, black, most shapely hull, and the -bland and elegant fabric of bnglit spar and radiant cloths shining white yet through the faint claret tinge in the -atmosphere. Wilfrid came slowly-aft, constantly looking at her as he walked; Onder reduced canvas we swept down leisurely, sliding lightly :- upon the run of the surge .that was now- an "-the beam: .: I examined her carefully through the glass whilst Miss Laura stood by my "Is she the Shark? " "She may be But such of iercrew as I - make out don't look .to me to be English:" " Can you distinguish any women on board ?" ' Nothing approaching a woman They mean to board us They have a fine boat of a whaling pattern .hanging to leeward, and there are sailors preparing to lower her They aTe not Englishmen, I swear I see a large fat man delivering orders apparently with sluggish gesticulations, winch strike me as distinctly Dutch. How about her figure head ?" 1 continued, and I brought the glass to hear on the bows of the schooner. "Ha 1 " I cr ed, and looked round. Wilfrid was watching the schooner lght aft, where he had stood during the greater part of tlie chase, his arms folded as be: fore, the same iron hard expression on his countenance I called to inin "What is the figure-head of the Shark?" He started, and answered, "I don't Imow Ask Finn," and so-saying walked towards us The skipper Ttas giving some mstmc tions to Cnmp on the other side of the deck, " Captain Finn," I called, "Sir" " What's the Shark's figuiehead 1 ?" IS "A gold ball in a -cup shaped Jike a; My, .your honour ' " Then, Wilfrid,*" I cried shoving the glass jnto his hands, ' 'your pursuit must carry you further afield jet, for that craft's figure-head is'a white "efhgy, apparently a woman's head." His jnanner to the sudden, desperate Surging of the disappointment ,in him fell in& breath into the old form of the crazi- ,ness 'of ills snoods of -excitement. -He looked thiougliihe glass, ahdUheii roared "Finn ' c ' « . -» 33ie-slapper caine%undlmg overto as. > "TKat vessel asmot^he-SAaji.", / v ^ MV& >eei|tafeared io^ir^veljeeg " iioV'iaia.SFanii ''Like -as " r- 5 t>foSo>-®he S s dra^Sj s •Mtll Jfer jhe ,lu e wav way^-j J^?ayei4yjl God, what a disappointment! - But it shouldliave been Monday, it should liave been Monday," and his gaze went into a scowlmg, wandering way from us to t schooner. ,-, "I |EU PP ose you know," said I to Finn ; that they re standing by to lower a boat whA n e shall ha\e come to a stand ? " "Ay, sir, I know it," exclaimed Finn, who had picked up his telescope and was feeing over it in a nervous broken down manner as though he feared it was injured, ^tlnrst not -toov to jaale sure white \\\ ufnd stood nigh 1 ehall lieave looard £oi their convemence," and with that he.'walked alt to th<> wifRl Wilfrid looked cruohed-with sometluns absolutelj' lifeless m the dull leaden blank of his eyes. It was perhaps fortunate for lis, if, not for hun, that this sudden prodigious blow of disappointment should have completed the sense of physical and mental ded tlie war of emotions that had been going on all day in his weak mmd, otherwise -heaven alone knows what miserable and painful, display might have followed this failure of lus expectations. I was much -affected by his maimer, and endeavoured to console him, buthe motioned me to silence with a gesture of the hand, and seated himself on the skylight, where he remained with his arms folded and lus eyes fixed on the deck, apparently heeding nothing that passed around him. "Hell rally after a little," said I to Miss Laura, who furtively watched lnm with eyes sad with the shadow of tears. " It ought to have been the Shark, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed in a low voice- " My cowardly heart all day has been praying otherwise ; and now I would give ten years of my life that my sister were there—for hts sake, for mme, and for yours too, that this; wrctehed. voyage of expectation and mistakes and supeistitions -—oh, and I do not know what else," she added with a little toss .of her arms like-a wringing of her hands, ''.might come to an end." The, sailors forward were eyemg the vessel steadily as we approached her. . By tins time all hands were aware of the blunder, that had been made, and one seemed to see a kind of suspense in the posture of the fellows, with a half grm in it, too, as.though 'twas an incident to be as much laughed at as wondered at., The breeze continued to slacken; the seas were momentarily losing weight as. they rolled, the gushing of the western crimson floated in the air like:a delicate red smoke: with a heap of .flame-coloured clouds resting broodmgly upon the southern confines and the new moon over the sun, a wonder for the bright sharpness of its - curve m such a hectic as she stood m: We l-an down, and hove to within easy hailing distance to leeward of the schooner, but it was plam that Mynheer had no notion of talking to -us from over lus rail. His fine large boat hung manned at the davits as we rounded to, \nth a gang of fellows at either fall, and no sooner was our way arrested than dovm slowly sank the sixoared fabne. : Tlie oars sparkled in the red light, and away she came for us. " Charles," called my cousm -from the skylight. I went to limi.: "I'm too ill to be worried," said he ; "represent me, dear boy, will you ? - - Get us out. of this mess as best you can, and as quickly." _ He spoke family, and slightly staggered after lie had risen. Miss Jennmgs, seeing this, took his arm, and togetherthey went below.. • .. I stood at thegangway along with fnend Fmn. Twas a ludicrous position to be m, and what excuses to make I knew not, unless it was to come to my explaining the full motive and meaning of our expedition—a sort of. candour X did not like the idea of. In the stern-sheets: of the .approaching boat was the large fat man 1 had previously taken notice of m the schooner s quarter-deck. II is face was as round as the moon, with a smudge of bristly yellow moustache under a bottleshaped nose ; his person was die completest pudding of a figure that can be imagined, as though, forsooth, a huge smt of clotlies liad been filled out with suet. He wore a blue cap with a shovel-shaped peak, and a piece of gold lace onIt-going from one brass button to the other. "That'B not Fidler," said I to Fmn " Fidler 1 " lie ejaculated, staring with all his might at the boat, " there's twenty Fidlers m that, man, your, honour. Why, Fidler's . a luere nb; lean enough to-shelter himself under the lee of a ropeyariii" The boat came fizzing alongside handsomely,- and the fat man; watching his opportunity, planted himself upon the steps and rose like a whale to our deck, upon which he stepped. In a very phlegmatic, leisurely way he stood staring around lnm for a little out of a pair of small, gieemsli, expressionless eyes, and with a countenance that > discovered no signs of any sort of emotion ; then m the deepest voice I ever heard" in a •man, a tone -tliati hterally vibrated upon the ear like the low note of a church organ, he said in Dutch, "Who speaks my language'" I knew a few sentences in German, enough to enable me to understand his question, but by no means enough to converse with,..even if ,the man:spoke that tongue, so I said bluntly 111 English, " No one, sir ' He wheezed a bit, looking stolidly at me, and exclanued, " You are Captam'" I motioned to Fimi " Vy you Tire ot me ?" he demanded, turning lus fat, emotionless fdee upon tlie skipper. Finn touched his cap '' Heartily sorry sir twas alia blundei happening thro mistaking you for another craft I'm very willing to 'pologise and do whatever's right" The Dutchman listened apathetically, then slowly bringing-his fist of -tlie shape; : if not the hue, of a leg of beef to his vast ,spread?of:breast,:he:exclaniiedmavoice -evendeepei than his former utterance; ' " Vot I ask is, vy you vire ot me ? " Finn substantially-repeated his former apology. The Dutchman gazed at him dully, with an expression of glassmess coming into his eyes " Vofc Bciup dis 5 " Finn answ ered with -alacrity, " Theschoonfer yacht, Bride, sir " "Zhe vihgt'von lierr nation 1" sending .aletha%ic-glanceat.our,iiiasthead%sif:in search-of a pennant "No, sir'' cqed Finn, "we're a' pleasure,vessel.' ; Derjs no va^ " exclaimed the Dutch-' man, shaking his head, ""between mine coundiyland yours.'' *< I Eg -Ho, sir^-exclanned Fmn. I " Den 1 ask," nid the Dutchman an a voice Jike a -trombone, -""yy you vire/ot: This promised no end. I -hastily wlnspered-^o 35kim, "lieave him to'iue jTurn! to ipueflyand tnm-ssailand get wav^pon the^e ?sel~-Sb'll^ke no^Cr'liint,* ieat?"'' Xiim nea'kedoE I, "you'll hail laard from the ... i it oui fiiui" at jou n ii a b'Un- "der'intp yonrship. Wliich .;We3desire"to we weie Jea tender "by'mistakag ',youx>ur mnble irslup. apology^juqli .fWealesirelM I tender',youx>ur iriistryou ^yi|H see your way to accept without delay as we. are verj- desirous of proceeding on our he •voyage.". . , He looked at me with a motionless head and a face as vacant of human intelligence as a cloud, with its fat, its paleness, its Alp upon Alp of chm, then ponderously and slowly putting his hand into his breast he pulled out a great pocket-book and said, " Vot dis schip s name ? " " The Bi tdesmaid," said I He wrote down the word, wheezing laboriously " J SKf^tmaame ?" Tins he entered. "Owner?" " Colonel Hope-Kennedy." " Ow you shpell ?" I dictated- and Jio put -down the letters as I delivered them.• VViO.rc you vrom 1 1 ,, \- '--X/lmenck. ' I answered.. "Ow j'ou sphell?" He got the word, and Uien'said, " Yere you boun\? " " To the Solomon Group,' I answered. This I; had to spell for him too. He wrote with such imperturbability, with such a ponderosity of phlegmatic manner in his posture, with such wliale-like asthmatic wheezmgs broken only by the trembling notes of lus deep, deep voice, that again and again I was nearly exploding with laughter, and indeed, had I caught anybody's eye but his I must certainly have whipped out with the merriment that was almost suffocating me. He slowly returned the note-book to his pocket and exclaimed "Goot^ lou hear more of dis," and with that walked to the gangway.: "Pray foripveme," said I, following lnm and speaking very courteously, "will you kmdly tell mo the name of your ship?" He regarded me with a kind of scowl as he hung an instant- 111 the gangway—the only expression approaclimg intelligence that entered lus face, and said, "Malvvna." " And pray where arey ou bound to, sir ? " Curagoa.' • " Are you the owner, sir ? " : " Captain, ' lie responded with an emphatic nod, and so saying he put his foot on the ladder and entered his boat. Five minutes later we were i breaking the seas afresh, making a more southerly course than was needful by two points, that we nuglit give as wide a berth as soon as possible to the Dutch schooner, that, at the time I went below to the summons of the dinner-bell, was. sliding away westsouth-west a league distant under eveiy cloth that she ha3 to hoist. - CHAPTER XIX. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. THIS was an incident to give one a deal to think and tall about. Certainly little imaginable cov-S be stranger than that we, being in Tjhase of - a fore-and-aft schooner yacht, should fall in with a vessel so resembling the object of our pursuit as to deceive the sight of men who 1 professed to: know the Shark well. I should have been glad to ask tlie Dutchman about lus craft,-yet it was a matter of no moment whatever. The thing had happened, it was passing strange, and there was an end. Likely enough she was an: English vessel purchased for some opulent trader in the is and of Cura^oa, and on her way to lfi»t possession in charge of the porpoise who had honoured us with a visit. The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been frettmg.over it, for since sunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as tlie Shark ; counted, in a sort of unreasomng, mechanical, silent way, upon capturing Lady Monson out of her, which, of course,would mean a shift of helm for us and home again. Wilfrid bore the blow better than I liad dared to expect.. He made a good dinner, for which he had tlie excuse of having fasted since breakfast, aud broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of gloomy resentment with which he had arrived from his cabin on my describing the Dutcluuan, and repeatmg lus questions and my answers. In short, his weak mind came to his rescue. With the schooner had vanished an inspiration of thought that had served his intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now' fluehtagam, loose, draining here and there like water on the decks of a rolling ship:; and though he spoke with vehement bitterness of his disappointment, and with indignation and rage even of Finn's ignorance in pursuing a stranger throughout the day, he dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, lus talk was just an aimless stride from one tlungto another. If he recurred to tlie Dutch schooner, it was as if by mere cliancc; and, though the subject would -blacken his mood, in a, very short wlule he had. passed on to other matters with a cleared-face. IMiss Laura afterwards said to me that the strain of the day had been too great for him, and that when t-lie tension was relaxed tlie strings of - the instrument of his mind dropped into slack fibres, out of winch his reason could fiddle but very little music. Well, I could have wished it thus for every- body's sake. Better, as ii was than that he -should have shrunk away scowling and huggmg a dark -mantle of madness :to him,' and. exaggerated' the abominably uncomfortable-behaviour I had witnessed m hun' all day He'arrived on deck after dinner to. -smoke a cigar, and whilst I sat with -Miss Jeimings—for -it was a- -quiet night .after the stormy blowing of the day, with a tropic tenderness of temperature in the sweet gushing of the southerly wind, the curl of moon gone, and the laige stars: ; trembling, through /the film; of their own radiance like dewdrops m gossamer—I: could hear niy cousm chattmg bnskly near: the wheel w th Fmn with intonations of voice that curiously pioclaimed the variableness of lus moods to the ear, some-:: times speaking v> ith heat, sometimes in a note o£ sullen expostulation, sometimes:: surprising the attention tvith a loud ha, ha < that came floating back again to the deck in echoes out of the silent canvas, ;: whilst Finns deep sea-no^e rumbled a runningcommentaryas the baronet talked - "What do you think of this chase* now said Z to Miss Lauia " I wish it were ovei," she answered - " I want to se.e my sister.iescued from the wretch she lias run away with, Mr Monson, hut -this sort of approaclimg her recovery is dieadful" "It is worse than-dreadful,'' said I, "it is tediousn ith the threat of .a neat little tragicalcomplicationby-and^ye—any-day indeed—if JPilfrid doesn't stow that gun. ii^lik ^iold^or lieave it overboard The DutchmanansghtVery well have answered oursshot had he mounted a piece oi two t or.dnven"alongside" andtplied lis, as they use4 , t6*Bay, , witJi-iBmaU aims Now one ynt liere'foi that toiL of tlimg, Mi s 1 laughed. lausrhed. "Jf Wil'"iid Wilfndvill will rc: rceivcl'is his f e \ 11 he suit, ci zU <"i / ^^tead.if I blazing jiway^ at ±he %rsfc;-ci^ttliat resem «l?s "Jierj =r, lb ih^ av^Lpon'iaight yet prove j \ something to usefully serve his tum ; for I doubt if anything, will liiuder the Colonel from cracking on when he catches sight of us, short of iron messages from the forecastle there. But we shall not meet with tlie Shark this side the Cape, if Uiere " "'I fear it will prove a long voyage," said she, with the sparkle of the starlight mher^jeo " lou nill be glad to return ? " "Not without mv sister " " But shall you be willing, Miss Jen mngs, supposing usto arri\ e at Cape Town nig sea quest ? "I will remain with Wilfrid certainly," she answered quietly. "My duty is to help him m this search, and where he : goes I shall go." " Buthe will be actang cruelly to carry you oil from the Cape unless able to certainly, tell where to find tlie fugitives, fixing tlie date too for that matter.". "1 see you will leave us at the Cape, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed with au accent that could only come from the movement of the lips m a smile. " Not unless I prevail upon you to accompany-me home." said I. She shook her head lightly, but made no answer. Perhaps it was her silence that rendered me sensible of the unpremeditated significance of my speech. " Well," said I lighting a second cigar, " whilst you feel it your duty to stick to my cousm I shall feel it mme to stick to you. Not likely I should leave you alone with hnn. No." . At that instant the harsh, surly voice of old Jacob .Crimp hailed the skipper, who still stood aft talking with Wilfrid. All was ill darkness forward; it was hard upon two bells ; the canvas rose as elusive to tlie eye in its wanness as a dim light in windy gloom far out: to sea, and the shadow of it plunged a dye as opaque as .blindness into the obscurity from the mainmast to the forecastle rail, where the ' stars were shdiug up and down like a dance of fire-flies to the quiet lift and fall of the close-hauled yacht upon the invisible folds brimmmg to her port bow. " Capt'n," sung out Crimp's melodious voice—plamtive as the notes of a ku-fte upon a revolving grindstone—from the heart of the murkiness somewhere near the galley. " Hallo !" answered Finn. " Can I speak a word with ye 1" " Who is it wants me ? " " The mate.'" "Tell him to come aft," Wilfrid bawled out. "If there s anything wrong I must know it. Step aft, Crimp, step aft, d'ye hear ? " he cried: Old Jacob's stunted figure came outof the darkness and walked along to where Fmn stood. \- " W hat is the matter, I wond er ?" said Miss Laura. . I cocked my ear, for there is something in a hall of this sort at sea on a dark night to put ail alertness into one s instincts and nerves. Besides, there was no sounder snorer on board than old Jacob, and his merely coming up on deck during lus -watch below, though he should have stood mute as a gliost, was something to raise a little uneasy sense of -expectation. His voice rumbled, but I could not hear what he said.: Wilfrid shouted "What d'ye say ? " with an expression of astonishment and incredulity. Finn laughed in a sneering way, whilst old Jacob again rumbled out with some sentence. Then my cousin bawled out " Charles, Charles, come here will you?" '' Wliat the deuce is the matter now ? " said I, and Miss Laura followed me as I went over to the group. " Here'samcepickle we're in, Charles," cned Wilfrid. " What think you ? Grimp swears the yacht's haunted." " So she be," said Crimp. " Pity your mother didn't sell vinegar, Jacob, that you might have stayed at home to bottle it off," exclaimed Finn. " Haunted! That may do for the marines, but you won't get the sailors to believe it." . • "That's just what thev do then," remarked Crimp. ?'A11 the watch below have heard it and can ? t sleep in consequence.' " Heard what ?" I asked. "The woice," answered Jacob, "the same as you and me heard -'tother night." "Have you heard a voice, Charles?" exclaimed Wilfrid, suddenly fetching a deep breath. " A mere fancy," said I. . ." Ye didn't like it anvhow," said Crimp gruffly as though speaking aside. "For God's sake tell me about tins voice, Charles," cried Wilfrid, agitated all on a sudden and restless as a dog-vane, with the twitching of lus figure aud the shifting of his weight from one leg to another.,, I related the incident, making light of it, and tried to persuade lum that the mere circumstance of my havmg said nothing about it proved that I regarded it as a deceit of the hearing. " Did you know of this, Laura ? " said Wilfrid " As a joke only,-' she answered. "A joke," cried he, breathing deep again. " The voice sounded off the sea, hey ? and two of you heard it ? What did it say ? " and I could see him by the starliglit lookmg towardsthe starboard quarter in the -direction whence the syllables had floated to us.: "Wliat did it say?" lie lepeated. " Why, that tins here yachts as cussedj" rattled out Jacob defiantly, " and dumme if I don't thmk she be now that tlie blooming corpse belonging to tlie- wreck is a- jawmg and .i-threatening of all hands down m the forepeak." " Wliat is this man talkmg about ?" I exclanued, believing that lie must either be drunk or cracked. " He's come aft to tell us, Mr Monson," answered Finn, " that lie and otliers of the -natch below have been disturbed bya woice in the hold saying that Uieie's a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get id of lum js to sail straight away home and end this voyage which, saung tlie lady's presence, it calls blarsted nonsense " I observed old Jacob's head \ goiously noddmg " FoiA-e heard the voice too, Charles'"; said Wilfnd, fiittmg m short, agitated sir deb to a id fio Reside us "Mi- Monson heard it twice," giowled Jacob, "off the wreck as well as oft tlie quarter " " Speak when you're spoken to," cued Fmn ""Why, si it me, Mr Monson, if it ain't old Jacob's grandmother as has signed n instead of Crimp himself." "Look here," said "Crimp, "let them what disbelieves step "foiiards and listen themselves " "Charles, inquire «to this matter with Filing will you"?" exclaimed Wilfrid "I—i—" 'he stopped andpassed his hand %ouglt Jlliss Jennmgs' aim, immediately iiftenvards,saying with a 6lioit, netvous laugh ^ the sound oLa supernatural'soice -nonId cost me slight's jest"' " Gome along, JFjin," said I " Come along, Crimp. Of there ie^ „Iiqs^ jis ou^ VYYOTJ TOE 01 ME ?'•' friend here says, lie must promptly be laid by the lieels and despatched to the Ked " What did'ee want to go and tell Sir Wilfrid about that woice you and: Mr. Monson heard 'totlier night V' grumbled; Finn, as Ave moved forwards into the dark-; ness towards the forehatch. .. . . . . i "Cause its true," answered Crimp m his Bulleiiest manner, "'Sides its time to end this here gallivanting ta;mble, eeemstome, if we're going to be talked to and cursed by sperrits." Finn made no answer. We arrived at the foreliatcli and descended. The Bride s forecastle was a large one for a Vessel of hear size. On either hand abaft was a occupied by Jacob Crimp and Cutbill Wh^the¥ ttoS' Mtei ate with the captain, whose' lfe/tlr wd's; just fdrvrard of tike one that haH Wen' oOTupie^ by Miaffin; Tvitlf access by means of a sliding door to a small living room through which he could pass into' the forecastle^ 1 cannot say. It was a rougJi scene to Tiglit upOTi 'after the elegance, .^^.^jt-a^feMi^^TOe fittinas of ow gu&Sl;^aity. W^v'ftai more picturesque-foS that^M^ias.I^found it coatse intend. dt-^rJm^ lamp of tlie c&fifef-pofc.; witli a greasy £oi% of ftaife coming out of tliespout, and burning darkly into a' cbrkgcrew'of smoke that wound hot and illflavoured to the upper diet. Thei-e were blinks for the _sea:0ieji a)ji,MplJ?E "TJfms,""iinil swung to the motion of the vessel like the bodies of suicides swayed by the wind. The deck was encumbered by sea-cliests cleated or oilieriVKe seemed. Here and there glimmering through the twilight in a bunk I took notice of a little framM picture, li pipe rack, wlffi other odds and-. ends, trifling home memorials, and the artless ^conveniences withs-wJuch. jpoor; Ja'ct eijiiipB himself. There were B'eartien lyitig in "tli'dlr .B'eSs, ^,vision::.pf liafhei^.noses;.forlan^; up o ut dfaliedge of -wifisSer,' mtii 'ffi'iglit .wi&e-Wa;&e;'eyes that made one think of glow-worms iii a bird's nest ; oilier equally hairy-faced figures in drawers and with naked-feet, liugc bare arias dark with moss arid prickings ia .ink, sat with their legs over the edge of tlieif bunks. It was with difficulty that I controlled my gravity when on casting a hurried glance round the forecastle on entering: it my gaze, lighted oil the visage of Muffin, whose yellowness in the dull lamplight showed with the spectral hue of ashes"." His bunk was well forward ; his bare legs hung from the edge Hke a couple of broomsticks ; his iiSiids" were clasped; his head slightly on..one side ; his posture one pf.alarni, amid .quality of valewikesleekness; withal Sig- \- gesiion tif a ^specti^^pol^^ior ,'feeli^ nervous. Sweet as the Bric/c was, iio doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared with other cr£ft of £h<® tisfies; the :pdour of this interior, improved as it was by the flariigsniiff of the,lamp, .not tomention a decidedly warm night, was by no means of the most delicious. Added to this waa the lift and fall of the yacht's, bows which one felt herb so' strongly, that, coming fresh f roni the tender hearings of the afterdeck, you would have imagined-a lively liead sea liad sprung up on a sudden. That Jifnffin Should have stood it astonished me. Sleeping as lie did, riglit' in the " eyes," lie got the .very, full of . the. motion. Besides, such an atmosphere as this must', needs prove the severer as a hardship after t£e luminous affd ffiwer-siveefenc^aif the cabin. Finn idok & leisurely survey of the 6'ieupanfe of tKe bunks. " WeH, latK!" said lie,- " v meaning of this here talk aboirijHaf woTce ? Mr. Crimp's ju^t come.aft to; tell me there's somewhat a-sp'&km;'g under foot liere." . . . . . "That's right,.sir," remarked Cutbill, •who stood bolt upright like a sentry in the entrance to his little berth. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Monson, sir,' but it's, nigh hand the same sort o' speech liailed us from the wreck."" ' .'':-;-. '/"•'.'.';. " Tis the Savie !" said from one of the bunks. '".'Bati!" guoth Finilj .^ntlmffe^siy. V Never yet met with the rat aS ifcould danm a man's eyes in English," grunted Crimp. ; "JSor in any other lingo, Mr. Crimp, said & singular lookikg seaman; whose I86b I had before taken notice of as resembling the skin of an_ pver-ripe lemon. He lay on the 'smafi of his" i>ack: bfinlcing at fis,. and his eomi'tenan6e in that light, that •was rendered confusing by the eliding of shadows t» the swiiig of the yacht; inade one think of a melon half buried in a blanket.. . - i "Well, but see here, my liuslsexclaimed Finn, m ii voice Of expostulation, " what did tliis hero "woice say.;? That's what I want to know. What did it say, men?" "1 told 'ce," growled Crimp. ; v Eut old Jacob's interpretation did not tally with that of the others. The sailors were generally agreed that thfe vbiee had. exclaimed in effect that the yacht ^as cui-sed, and that their business was to make haste and sail her home : but some had apparently lieard more than othzrs, whilst a few again manifestly embellished, •with a notion* 'perhaps,- -of making the most of it; but there could be iio-question whatever that human syEables, very plainly atticulated, had souiidcd from out • of the hold ; all hands werfe agreed as to : that, and proof conclusive as to the sincerity of the men might have been found in the looks of them, fciife and all. : " Silence, now !" cried Finn, ." let's listen." . We all i^iiihed oiiT ' cars..; Ifothing broke the silence but the itil-y wasli of the sea outside, 1 seething dully, the halfstifled respirations of the sailors, -who found it drthcult to control their hurricane lungs, and the familiar -creaking noises breaking out in various parts of the fabric to lier swaymgs. Impressed as I was by the agreement amongst the men—and I had come besides io this forcoastie -mill the memory veiy iregh m me tii • ti£6 mystenous voices I h^ befere li^rd—1 could scarcely hold my face as 4 stood listening, with my eyo glancing from one hairy countenance to another- The variety .of the. Jacks' postures, the knowing cock of a head here and'there, Hie unwinking stare, the siramed liarfcenmg attitude, the illustration of emotions by expressions which ,wera' rendered grotesque by the swing of the ; lamp, the half - suffocated looks .of Bomfe of the fellows who w ere trying to -fliaw their , breaths soffciy, formed -a -pifetilre to appeal irresistibly to one 's sens& Sf the ridiculous Three minutes passed ; it might have been hours, so long the fame seemed. - "Seems it's done jawing; whatever it V3," said Finn We hstened again ^ "Tell 'ee it's rats, lads," laia^inn "As the cuss wjs meant tor this 3 e"rS ciaft," exclaimed tlife geep vaice tfiai had before ** was to its thai, ua tarn tx>una tauc-ouf again "Tell 'ce, its rats!" cried Finn, scornfully "Eafe !" eMaimed Cijmp,3nth great irritation, "if that® all, why don't Sit Wilfrid lay forrard And listen fd&^selff' "•JVon t he come«"«nd one Stffi.% men -"Come' no,' rattled out Crimp, "and why? 'C<mse he knoivs it's flic tEaa!" "Well," exclaimed Cutbill," speaking v itli aE pxoper respect, seems to me that whats meat foi the dawg ought to be meat for the man m the lil£es of such a : limnbkMxmie-tumble out of the - snamtop into the mam hold soii o 1 ob as this •Tiierp was now some grunibljng ,Crimp ji-id etfaloleclthe lireiiftf^niessthat WiifuS I u> afraid to entei tlie foreca tie, and jycaknov,' a s But no so-^nd resembling a human syllable entered the stillness. " It's rats, I tell 'ee,", Routed* the . skipper, making to goondecKv " Come, along, Mr. Monson. Blamed now if I' believethali'J^ob-^Sheonly grandmother; as has signed articl^ior thK here-svoyage." ; But iaS I followed'Jum the eiclaniftionS T caSight detB&iint;®:me vofi aA?isin!| "Wit. frid to come forward. He had left Miss-. Jennings standing alone at the rail, and was walking swiftly here: and there with an irritability of gesture that was a sure symptom in him of a troubled and active imagination. On catching sight of me as I emerged, out of the blind shadow on the forward part of the yacht, he cried out eagerly, "Well, what have you heard ? Isit avolcejCharlesT' ; There is nothing to hear," I answered. " Finn disrespectfully calls it rais." . What else, your honour.?" exclaimed Fiim; ''' l 'Qie"squeakiSg^of^^rats' aui't iihlike a sort o' language. Put the noise they tffoifc'iVitli:'the' s&iaJ;^ of bull^' Ireiiis' and' ai'e''M:e pf ;suc]i' sounds, and let the boiling be listened to by a parcel of ighoiant sWlorsV'atid: I tfllbw ye'Il get wh'at niiglit lie tarniM a supernutui-itt woice." . ' v '; ' ... : : . Wflfrid' burst inSo one" of. Ms great laughs, but immediately' after -said in. a grave and hollow tone,. "But you, .Charles, have before ''£'ea'rd somcthnig • pre'teinaturaL in the shSjje'' of- a hail off yonder qiMfceiV. thfe dead inan ; fou folirid on tile wreck" ;•'. ' "T^.mOjr - — nome with me a belief ju ghosts? But I wish jWd go into tl:c fotecistle with Finn,' WHfrid,'. and;, listen' for. yourself. M&e;'ybitr liiind easy.: tlWe'snoSiihg ; to : lie he/ird. A visit from you will pacify the men. They hold that you admit the truth of what they allege by declining to satisfy. yours'elf, b^ : Ijsteriing.. . Their, temper, ii not; of tlie'. ssveeiesfc. They shbuld he soothe4,'I tiiiiib, when it is to be so easily done." He. Htrng in the #ind and said iii. i* hesitating (i'ay, " What 'di ^ou 1 - thini,- Finn?" - " Well, Sir Wilfrid, smfefe, as'.Sfe Mofr son says, ; there's hoth.cn to hear and nothen therefore to cause ye any agitation, I dqrn 3 t douht-that a wisit itoid .you would pi ease the saflftrs' and calni ^do'sro tlieir minds. I'm bound iio say they're oneasy,—yes, I'm bound to saj' tiiat." " Corii^, .^^^cln^iayc^QSui^J&S;]^' strided /impetubMy into, the' fjarkness, followed by the skipper. . . ^ ... 1 I gave Miss taura irtj- arm aftd we started oii a little walk.. 'Tlie' awning wjis furled and tlie dew. everywhere s'pif&led; like .hoar fios't. 1 ; Tlie ' quiet night iviiid sighed in. the riggmg, and'the"^yadlit, a point or' teo off her course, aid every sheet flat, aff^' softly broke. through the bliek^'-qiSeV waters' with' dull pufe if pfibsphbr lit.. times sheSkiiig by like' the' ejfes if seci¥t slia^pes iisert close' to'. tfiS sttrface to survey us. The sheeti of the binnacle light touched a portion of the figure of the fellow at the' wheel, and threw him and .ii 'sSgmEint of the circle whose spokes he lield, out upon the clear, fine, Spalngled dusk in phantasmid yellow outlinVs, dim as the iiipressioh' le?t onithe retina by.afi object when the 'eyeli'S' closed upon it. :.My, fair conipaiii6a. iand I talked of the incidents of the day. One thing was following another rabidly;, -I said. "J was like a magic—lantern show; scarcelyiiad .one picture faded oiit wlien soinetliiiig iffesh -#as brightening in ;its room. -' " Wliat maimer of sound could it be," she aslced,; "that the .sailors' have ihtfir-' jjieted into .cursings and Sreidful warnings ?" - " It was no fancy on my part ariyri-ay," said I, " let me put what face I ttill on -it to Wilfrid.; If -what the meix. profess to" hear bo half as distinct as what: I lieard, there must be some kind of sorcery at wdrk, I'll wear." .. ." (To be continued.) 