»he ISecturer. LECTURE AT ST. PATRICK'S LITERARY SOCIETY IRELAND'S PATRIOTS SINCE '98. On Tuesday evening last Mr. J. M. Williams delivered a lecture on "Ireland's Patriots Bince '98," before the members of St. Patrick's Literary Society. Although the Bpeaker showed the effects of la grippe, his voice and delivery were good, and he secured the uninterrupted attention of his hearers for more than an hour. Appended is a summary of the lecture :— WOLFE TONE. No name was more intimately asso ciated with the '98 movement than the above. He was its mainspring, and one of the original founders of the United Irishmen in '91. In its early days this society was regarded as a sort of reform association, its chief object being the removal of the frightful oppressions by which the Catholics were tortured. The stirring influence of the American War of Independence and the French Revolu tion, however, altered matters, the result being that it developed into a secret revo lutionary society, Wolfe Tone being at the head of affairs. In the early part of '94 Jackson came over from France to ascertain what assistance the Irish people would render France in a hostile contest with Great Britain. Jackson made one confidant too many, and was tried for treason, but escaped the penalty of the law by poisoning himself. Tone being connected with Jackson, was placed in a peculiar position, but by some influence he waB allowed to exile himself in America in May, '95. In America he was not idle, and he is next heard of as leaving Brest with a fleet having on 'board Lo,0l)0 troops, their destination being Ireland. Bat the elements were against him, and to his mortification the fleet was scattered, and returned to France without accom plishing anything. In '97 he made' a second attempt, which also, failed ; again in '98 he made a third attempt, but an English fleet upset everything, and Tone was taken prisoner and sentenced to death, but he frustrated the intention by opening a vein whilst in his cell. He lingered in agony for a week before giving up the ghost. A. touching reference to his last hours is made as follows:— " Stretched on his bloody pallet in a dungeon, the first apostle of Irish union and moBt illustrious martyr of Irish in dependence counted each lingering hour during the last seven days and nights of his slow and silent agony. No one waB allowed to approach him ; the only forma that flitted before his eyea were those of the grim gaoler and his rough attendant; the only sounds that fell on his ear being those of the heavy tread of the sentry. But the consciousness of dying for his country in %he cause of liberty and justice illumined his last moments and kept up his fortitude to the end." The spirit of Tone lives, and will live for eve*, in the hearts ! of his countrymen. WILLIAM ORB. I Twelve months before the death of Wolfe Tone, one of the bravest of his asqpciates paid with his life the penalty of his patriotism, for having violated, as was asserted, the law by administering the oatli of the United Irishman to one Wheatley, a soldier, though the fact was that; another inember, McKeevor, who fled to America, committed this sup posed offence. Orr, though ably, defended by •. Curran, was gonvicted on the sole .testimony .of Wheatley,. and the assistance of a boycotted juty who were locked up' all night, well supplied with strong drinks, and under the vilest threats were compelled to bring in a verdict of guilty at six o'clock In the moruibg.'1 Orr 'was hnng on October 14. '97, in ipe town .of Oawck fergus, ana the' inhabitants to'F express their abhorrence of the ctuelbreciitiori, left the town«n masse on theday Orr was §ept, to. the scaffold, Wheaitley became inrabe and died by his owii hand, 'but tome rime previously swore before a piagistratethat he had givenfalay eyi depce. Several of the jury afterwards declared"' thby were' iutoiicaled; 'Pri'd wer&cam; pellet through the threats used to 1 ' (ring in a verdict of guilty.. The execu ori excited the" greatest indignation «: throughout Ireland, and for many a year the rallying cry of United Irishmen was, " Remember Orr." J OHN AND HENRY SHEARES were two young men of good family con nections, and destined to be men of mark in the world, but their love cf country proved to be the only barrier to their social advancement. These two noble patriots were butchered together for having loved their country too well, and desired her independence. In all the history of Ireland there is hardly a name which touches the Irish heart like that of ROBERT EStMBTT, who was born on March 4, 1777. Whilst completing his education at Trinity College, his political inclinations were Boon detected, and he found many fellow studentB embued with the same desires as himself. Here it was that his oratory shone forth ia all its natural splendour, and drew the younger and more ardent spirits in sympathy with himself. He waB expelled from the college, and sought refuge on the continent till 1802. In the latter part of that year he returned to Dublin to stimulate his followers to another blow for liberty. The war between England and France raised his hopeB very high, so much so, that an attempt was made upon Dublin Castle, but, as is well known, proved to be * ignominously disastrous to Emmett'and his party. Emmett's concealment soon ended, and his capture, trial, and execu tion are only too well known in history. Another victim sacrificed on the altar of liberty was THOMAS RUSSELL, who was a native of County Cork, and born in 1767. His father was an officer in the British army, and fought against the Irish Brigade at " famed Fontenoy." Russell was intended for the Protestant pulpit; but his inclinations led him into a far different sphere, and at the age of 15 he was a volunteer in India. After five years' service he threw up the military service, disgusted with the tacticB of the British Government to wards hiB country. He was a Justice of the Peace in Tyrone, but here he became equally disgusted, and he soon became an ardent supporter of the United Irishmen^ He waB Boon arrested and spent thcea years in captivity in Scotland, the Govern ment having no specific charge against him, and fearing other influence, were afraid to take a desperate course with him. He was set at liberty and went to Paris, there meeting with Emmett,. Tjbe kindred, spirits did not long remain inactive, and Russell returned to Ireland more enthu siastic than ever. He was captured by the infamous Major Sirr, and on October 21,1803, he too fell a victim to English tyranny. A plain slab marked the spot where this pure souled patriot was laid to rest, and engraven on it was the simple line, " The grave of Thomas Russell." LORD EDWiRD FITZGERALD was another of the brilliant band that sprang up at the end of the last century, and who sacrificed his position, prospect, and life in his country's cause. The lecturer gave a graphic pourtrayal of his arrest and the gallant struggle he made against his captors. Before his name shall be forgotten in the memory of his countrymen the last ray of gratitude must first fade from their hearts. The lecturer then referred to the move ment of 1848 and succeeding years, and dwelt at length on the actions of WV S. O'Brien, T. F. Meagher, John Mitchel, T. D. Reilly, C. G. Duffy, Martin, McManus, O'Doberty, .O'Donoghne, and others who took a prominent part in the stirring events of the time, f he sad events associated with the " Manchester Martyrs " were powerfnlly depicted and dwelt upon at some length. Coming to a later and more familiar period, the in auguration of the Home Rule movement was treated upon, and the merits of Isaac Butt, Parnell, Biggar, and other pro minent members of the now Irish Nationalist party held up to admiration by-the lecturer. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. Williams was . accorded a hearty vote of thanks by his fellow members, and in responding remarked that the illustrious O'Connell was not referred to, his inten tion being to give the great champion of» emancipation au evening to himself on some future date. This is the third' of a. series of lectures given by the members'at St. Patriot's Literary Society, and 'all have:been successful. The next will be delivered on June 24, the subject being, " The Irish in America '' 