Parisian Parlance. FBOM OUE OWN cobbbsfondeht.I Paris, Jannary 26. ' Outbreak or Jewfeosca. Jowphobia has broken oat ia the capital. If that malady was intended to bs ran against the influenza, on the prinoiple that ono nail drives ont another, tho matter would merit attention. As it is, thoflntisomitio efforvoeoonoe will prove as evanescent as, say, commercial boycotting oa1 the part of the Portuguese. The Rothschilds are not in toe odonr of sanotity with the have- nots. They have mode too much money, and ontdistanoed Christian, Atheistical, and Hindoo money-ohangers, and scrip speculators, by thoir special aptitude and more instinotive 'business ability. M. Dramont is ths apostle of the pecuniary crusade against the Jows. The question of religion is not involved, as eooiety now loaves every man to look at God from what angle he pleisea. It is not when receiving the Jew's money that toe borrower remembers the lendor'a eredo, but when he fails to return the loan. If the lender had been a Gentile, and eolipssd the Jew in the " shent-per-shent" business, the defaulting debtor would never have raised too ory of re ligion. In order to escape danger, the cattle fish squirts China ink, and disappears in its cloud like a god. Wealth of the Rothschilds. Napoleon I. founded a sobool, at the palace of Mendon, for toe boob of kings. His own lad, toe Kicg of Rome, was toe first, and only, pupil enrolled. Rothschild ought to establish an scudemy to teaoh those who haveno cornin Egypt how to proonre it. His income, M. Drumont calculates would suffice to eupport 6,090 indi viduals by giving to eaoh 3 francs par day, or 1,000 francs a year. M. Drumoat's income is 20,000 francs ; so on bis side he conld support 19 persons at the same rate. In France the oru- sade against the Jews is socialistic, not religious. The latter, as a plank in any platform agita tion, wonld not have the ghost of a ohanos of success, hence why the weeping and gnashing of teeth is directed against wealth, as typified in the Israelites. The latter prefsr tc deal in money, that field being unoccupied when they entered it several centuries ago. If they select that mode of earning their orust to farming, manufactures, &e.;, they cannot be interfecwl with. The best protection of your own liberty is to stand up for that of others. Note : They are only tho rich Jows who aro oratorically molested. An "old clo" Israelite is be neath notice, as he is belcw envy. Sykaoooue Men. Tho wags assert that Dramont is hostile to Ihe Jews, because he accidentally resembles — ns one pea does another — a certain apostle in De Vinci's "Last Sapper." Divine if than canst. He cannot expect to toss the seed of Abraham with the three-pronged satanio fork of the Middle Ages into a region reputed to have toe highest of temperatures; hat he may decide the Jews to seek an abiding city in the West End of London, with their money bags, and that money, which is only power, would leave Francs weaker. As they had mixed blood iu their veinB, Flaubert called the French Jews Canaauites. But they have shed that blood freely for France, aud n9ver more so thsn in 1870-71, when they shot down Prussian Jews with too same im partiality as Prussian Gentiles. That did not look like olose clanship. Senator Naquet, the Boulangiat, has for a deadly enemy, depaty Reinach, the opportunist, and both are syna gogue men. It has been said that God is on toe side of toe pros bataillom. Hs appears to be also on the Bide of the heaviest parses. Though inflated with capital, there is no capital now to be made ont of the Jews. In a traiewna Mood. The French are no w in what may be described as tho "tittering" mood, at the lockout of England, by the strike of toe Portugese officials, at Mozambique. Those who laugh last are said to lgngh best. French opinion, which is not exaotly French jonrnalism, commences to feel unoasy over toe Auglo- Portuguese conflict— so much inflammable material is lying about in Europe. There is a shade less of newspaper bait ing of John Bull on toe continent. Onlookers attribute this epronting circumspection to the settled belief of England's adhssioa to the quadruple alliance, as far as she oan go, till toe bond be signed, and that conld be oxscucad by telegraph — like a Papal benediction. The com mercial treaty executed between England aud .Bulgaria, following swiftly after the quotation of the Bulgarian loan on too Vienna Stock Exchange, are two slaps in the face to Russia. The Muscovite abstains from plunging into tho Portagueso imbroglio, and Spain is not so bubbling. France and Poetuoal— A Compabison. I read a few days ago the diplomatic aud newspaper history of the 1S5S dispute between France and Portugal. The latter pursued exaotly the Bame line of coudnct as she has done towards England ; appealed to treaties, de manded arbitration, and a protection by a clause of toe 1866 conference. France scouted toe idea of submitting a question affecting her hononr to anv discussion; sent her fleet at once to too Tagus, and peremptorily exacted the surrender of the Charles et George and her oaptain, with 348, 000 francs compensation for negroes shipped. Portugal complied im mediately, alleging her inability to fight a first-class Power, &o.; The Bismabceian Theory. The conduot of Portugal has revived the Bismarokian theory, that there is no place nowadays in toe world for either small monarchies or little commonwealths. Henoe we may expect a wiping-oat of Borne iiifiniment petit on the conoluBion of toe next war. Por tugal may be oonsidered as down on the roster for snchlattention. (Spain, whioh on two oooasions went halves with France for Portugal, is hotly ambitious to rank as a first-class Power. A situation in politics might ariss where her neutrality could be purohased by presenting bor with Portugal, while the latter'B foreign possessions would be looked after by the other Powers, who generally agree over spoil not at their expense. Ebuttivk Patriotism. As for boycotting English importations, &o.;, tbateruptivepatriotiemran very highherein 1871 against the Germans. Itdidnotlivelong. Bytos Methnen treaty of Decomber 27, 1703, Portu guese wines were to be imported into England at a lower rate of duty than tho wines of Franca and Germany, while Portugal wonld take tex tiles in exchange. This explains why through ont the last century the English drank only port, not claret or hock. It explains too the scoret joy of France, that in sympathising with toe Portuguese, Bhe will aid in demolishing toe privilege they enjoy in toe British wine market, and perhaps run French textiles into Portugal. No live trade, no oommoroe of any importance can be maintained, unless on the exohange of products between nations. Wine is the staple produot oi Portugal, and England is her great onstomer. Neither France nor Spain want Portuguese wines, and they will require oash for their textiles, &o.; Henoe it is England holds the strings of the Portuguese purse. She saved Portugal twice from absorp tion by Spain and Franoe, and twioe from extinction from oivil war, so she may be ex cused the common-place 44 ungrateful as a . Portuguese," in birohing her nanghty boy. Duke of Aobta. The demise of the Duo d'Aoata Is another instance that the influenza epidemic when fatal, always seizes debilitated constitutions. Thongh only 45 years of age, toe deooasod was freil, asthmatio, and easily fatigued. Like bis elder brothor, too King of Italy, ho did not share the out-door exeroises of his father, Viotor Emmanuel. Thon his life was broken daring his two years' crucifixion as King of Spain, and too death of his first wife as one of its oonseqaonoes. He was an up right man, and a good hut not a remarkable eoldior. Beyond tho grief it will cause toe inn or circles of Italian royalty, his death will not affect the political situation. It was atone time believed that, the funeral having brought together Prince Jerome NapoleoD and his estranged son Viotor, a rooonoilUtion would tako plaoe between the divided Bonapartists. Suoh appears not to havo ooourred. In any oase, Prince J orome is gradually fading out of the politioal world, ana his sou Viotor is very far from rising in it. Franoe seems resolved to abido by her mariage de raiscu with the repnblio, and only demands to be scoured from external danger and borne disturbinoes. She is, mora and more, oommenoiug to livo apart from politics ; wants to work, and to rest, and to bo u II — ; freed from a portion of her heavy bnrden of taxation. In a little time toe nation, not th9 politicians and toe 'journalists, between whom a wide gnlf is fixed, will display' as: little interest in the Egyptian, as they do in the New foundland .cod and lobster question. French Colonial School. The Under Seoretarv oi State for too Colonies has inaugurated the reconstituted Colonial Sohool. . The aim of this usefal establishment is to givo a Fronch education to a eoloot number of sons of native offioiols, ohlofly from Frenoh Indo-Chlna, and a ssloot number of French men, ohiefly law students, who' desire to follow a oivil service oareer in toe colonies. From 1892, three- fonrths of aU the' official vacanoies in the oolonies will belong to toe alnmni as a matter of right ; tho salary will be 3,000 to 6,000 francs por year, anything bnt oxoosslve- The professors < give their services gratuitously, and are men .who make colonial stndie9 a Bpcolality. Other land- able efforts are being made to popularise French colonies. Unfortunately these efforts do not appear to mako any impression on tho inertia of tho French ou the subject of emigra tion. Thoy stiok to homo tiko limpets. Nor do Frenoh mannfaotnrers display energy or desire to push their business in distant markets, and never do they attempt to open np new centres of trade. The presence of English, German, Italian, and American travellers Boems to paralyse them. Ignorant of toe langnage, manners,' and customs of foreign countries, the Frenoh trader has to employ as his representative educated foreigners. An All-bound Soubness. Life continues to bo rather dull, with occa sional Bpasms of animation. There is a tendenoy to fall back on clnb sooiety, and thero is a fashion coming into praotioe of oertain families banding together and fixing the number aud the names of those who aloae will be admitted within the caste cirole. It is only a repetition of an exploded onstom, when friends wero ranked in coterieB, following toe days of the week, so that it was impossible for ever Robinson Crusoe to socially encounter his man Friday. Perhaps the influenza has romotoing to do with this. There can bs no doubt that there is an all-round sourness in the atmosphere of Franco, aud of a je ne sais quoi dissatisfaction. ' A Scientific Kino. Tim Tour de St. Jacques, in the Rne de Rivoli, and at whose base is the statue of Pascal, has been utilised for the praotical teaching of pbysioal science. The eminont scientists give their services gratuitously, and too instruments aro supplied by themuncipality. At half, past s every evening, the doors are opened, and the public admitcd. Nothing can be more democratic. The last time I visited the tower was to witness toe great pendulum experiment, demonstrat ing the rotation of the earth. Ex- Dom Pedro was my nearest neighbour, and ho followed the lecturer notebook in hand. I lent his majesty a pencil, but as I lost him in the crowd 1 parted with my pencil. It wonld be now unkind to claim an indemnity since the Brazilian Government has stopped his grog, so the debt is written off. Looking from tho tower oa too gas lights of Paris, some are white, and so pare, others red and so altered. Whiteness implies parity of atmosphere. The red glare is due to watery vapour or exhala tions that absorb all toe colours of light, save toe rod rays — henoe, redness oi gSB indicates imparity of air. Served Him Right. To a masher with jonrnalism on the brain : " So yen are on the staff of ths — newspaper, do they pay well? " Masher: "They do, bnt in kind ; tons I havo already received a grammar and diotioaary." 