I NIGHT- FEARS. I -. Such is the title of one of Lamb's charming essays, in which hodssells on the suffering, of children from nervous terror when in me at night, and congratulated himself that, with advancing years, "m) night factors have ceased to be afflictive. I confess to a single night mare; but I do not, us in early youth, koo a -lad of them." Yet the spirit which peonies the hours of darkness with strange and terrible parsons nos, is by no means iKinfiuedtocbil ron At all ages mankind appear to have cherished four of the dark." Probably ibon-aldangers which formerly attended this time, the activity of beasts of pray, the risk of attack from flies rooting in under sees it of the obscurity, the many inconveniences fxtmnenc^d in a state of society whose gas and matches were unknown, laid the foundation for the nervous terror which all nationalist a and creeds added to the real " perils of the night," Classic civilisation was not above night fears. Readers of " The Maiden Age" of Apuleius, it romance writes a in the early part of the second century, will remember the usual terrors of the newly-arrived traveller in Thessaly, " celebrated by the consent of the whole world as the land where magic arts are indigenous The ss itches who abounded in this favoured region had a pleasing habit of mutilating the corpses of the dead to supply agreeing for their magic silver and potions and pa d watchers were up p sired to guard the defunct from thoiruttuck«. As the wi ches were credited with the power of transforming themselves into Hogs, mice, even fins," and so creeping into the chamber eldest; sodas, more over the wat. her was expected to make good with his own features nose or years theRe portions of the face of which the corpse was deprived the office of guardian of a doiuLct was not an enviable one. First we refer our readers to the pages of the classic novelist for a full account of the ssitcli-huuntcd nights of his time-of the young man murdered by a witch, but restored to h actions life by a sponge pegging the (State wound; which sponge falling out the body bank mammals; of the families, or la-Hens spirits of the dead, which wandered over the farm terrifying the good and continually haunting the wicked"; of the honorary who could change men and birds or animals; of the host of terrify- ing phantoms with who b even the trained and educated men of the time had peopled the hours of dark- nose. The dawn of the Christian era dispelled many " night terrors " of the cIushio age, but only to substi- into its own code of fears for the hours of darkness. the witches" feared by the traveller in Thessaly in the year d century score equally credited und dreaded by pious mediate! in ks and godly I Puritan dis mes. 'J lost the nighttime was i the period when all evil agencies had special power. seems to have h e their vessel creed of all I humanity ; from the classic stage, making peace offerings to the manes of the dead, down to the murders negro, then bring to pass an "old" temple Mediaeval a superstition even excelled Pagan imaginations add- ing to the list of " night terror-." The "Knight of the Tour Landry," in his book of advice to the, daughters (written in the Middle Ages-;, gives a gruesome account of a certain pious maiden who devoutly prayed for the dead, and who, in on a queue, was dead dead by a great crowd of dead bodies," who surrounded her with us night and secured a says a wick, d knight who had crept later cQaiuber with evil intentions. One hopes that this body guard, though s isle of of the wicked knight, was no equally apparent to the virtuous lady, show rest might have been somewhat troubled by the view of her protectors. 'Iho Breton peasant of the present day have quite a list of evil beings who only stir abroad in the hours of darkness, from the spectral washer- women, who break the arms of passers-by. who refuse to assist them at their task, to the " chariot of death," which whirls along, driven and drawn by skeletons. German peasant- and Devonshire rus- | tics still believe in live pedro Huntsman and me Wish Hounds-the phantom chafe that whirls alone the night sky and is a sure precursor of war or either public cul limit the 'umpire "up I station was rung prova ent all over Europe As for the old- fashioned respectable family ghost, at play is a minor part in the list of "nig t her " As a ml , the ghost was a reasonable being, content with the possession of the "haunted room," and only tr> ublcBiiine when intruded upon in its own domain _ neues, vast piles, Burguusts, and such unpleasant acquaintances worn Mrs complaisuni - they deliberately sallied out i in ng unfortunate mortals. It has often been remarked what a singular fact malton " tale- of preserve " possess for everyone "Ghost stories" are always an Clara five ingredient in the "Christmas number r," and often in our sceptical age persons are loud to hearken to legends of -punctuality and 1 Theosophists, which repeat the superstitions of Pagan and reed "val times. Is um are really free from it not a fear at least a sUHCcpiitnlit) to the dark I to the least íras-inmive nature there is an lessness in the hours of the night, particularly in those which immediately precede the dawn The watcher by a sick bed, the waiter for the return of night revellers had this period the most trying of his vigil At this Time does furniture emit those particular raps and noises only observed (though. probably they occur at other States) during n got winches At this time does the death watch click loudest behind the wainscot of an old home and the Are exhibit the strongest inclina- tion to burn low At this time, it is said, the vital forces are at their lowest, and must deaths and fewer births take place and this time on the venerable and time-honoured traditions of night fears" ulta k the Btrtingest mind Persons impervious to gin silv terrors is. apt, ii waking or watching in the small hours " which follow midnight, to imagine they bear burglars or smell fire , and even to go bunting alone cold pussies and deserted roo us, like Hood's deaf heroine, "To king to see if they've heard a noise" Sounds, which would be mine out and cheerful in the dim light, become startling; in the night season even the familiar cry of chanticleer is jarring when it sounds before dawn Evm brave Ajax prayed for light to see it is woman's face " It is no class to recall how all calamities as in you cd by their occurred e at nighttime . fire, a flood, a town sack d, a city destroyed by earthquake and t those evils receive a last' touch of horror if darkness be added to their terrors Painters and deserters of the terrible always select night-time as the period when the events they depict take place 000 c Ters and wizards were presumably less afraid of the dark than are their fi II v mortals, as it was only during he hours of night that their inter- course with the nether world could be satisfactorily carried on. 1 h. dawn of day abruptly broke up the witches' Sabbath, sent the ghosts (Carrying back to their graves, dispersed the spirit raised by the neere- mans or, and stilled the voice of the "trackless head that spoke to Odin " li was only during the night- time that the Nurse priestess could obtain whispers from the tomb of the dead him that he witch of Puritan New England could stone to her meetings in the prices of farm t, that the wizard would call upon his vision ary servants Only during the hours of darkness could do peruse men, -early on calling for help on now stars above, seek to obtain that assistance from Abriman which was refused] by Oruiuzd At night- time sallied out Benvenuto Cellini for that famine " dev arranging " expedition described in his " Memoirs," 'hen a magician calls up damons 'sufficient to h 1 the Colosseum at Rome, and who, I like the spirit raised by the servant of Como has Agrippu prove more fully summoned has dismissed blur on the night season did the profligate Regent of France Sally our. to quality similar unhallowed curiosity, and call up evil spirits. While darkness still exercise, a certain power over all ous, it must have been a terrible season to believers in a 1 the authors called night terrors " of the past Not so long ago ever voice, even the most educated and pious persons, believed that during the night the church raids were pe piled with wandering gb isis, thereunder were visible at the place of their buried at the cross and, that at am lonely and convenient place the belated traveller might stumble on a witches Sabbath in full swing, or encounter a spectre or assist in the " raising " of an evil spirit Small wonder that our ancestors dev up prayer and crossed the moisture. as they journoyodinthe dark,thatthej nailedborsoshoo» to their doors, were charms are not ca, and pink ed their thresholds with holy water "We have outgrown many ancient superstitions little old, weird mysterious in licensee of the- "hours of darkness" has never quite vanished for any of us London' Evening Standard. 