Our Briebane Letter. [asol OUR OWN OBBRPEPONDENT.] Friday, February 6. The following circular has been drawn up, and forwarded to every member of the civil service, by the provisionlal committee of the Queensland Civil Service Association:--" WVe beg to inform you that it is intended to hold a general meeting of members of the civil ser vice, at the Courier Hall, on Tuesday, the 18th instant, at 4'30, to consider the sdvisablesnees of forming an association on the lines of those in exiestence in Victoria and South Australia. In the former colony the association has been highly successful, numbering over 2000 mem bers, while in South Australia there are over 700 members, and the results attained by both have been very beneficial to the members. The probable objects of the aesociation would be to facilitate all discussion of matters affect ing the general welfare, to promote the intereets of the civil service generally, and to encourage a spirit of onity and fellowship therein. We have communicated with the Chief Secretary aud the Civil Service Board with satisfactory results; and, in promoting the formation of such an association, we wish it understood that it is our desire that the association should act in harmony with the Board, mainly as a means of communication, and expression of opinion on matters affecting the interest of the civil a-?vi 5." At the City Folice Court, yesterday, Alex ander Boss and William Byrnes suerendered to their bail in answer to the charge of having sesanulted Constables O'Toole and Maher, at Petrie's Bight, on the 18th of January last. Ross was sentenced to one month's imprison. ment for each case of assault-the sentences to be concurrent-and Byrnes was fined £5, with the alternative of one month's imprisonment. Mr. Pinnock, the Chairman of the Bench, re marked that Byrnea did not atiike a blow. The stationmaster in charge at Cooktown despatched the following telegram to the Rail. way Commissioners yesterday:-" Bridgeends at Forty-five mile, near Welcome, washed away. No. 2 op train, to-day, unable to cross. Passengers, goods, and mails transhipped to ballast train, other aide of the bridge, and taken to Laura. Down passengers and mails brought to the break (in the line) per ballast train, and tranasbipped to passenger train, ar riving Cooktown right time. Engineer Bell, with ballant-train, repairing damage, and ex pects to have road passable for pay train to morrow." The schooner Evelyn, which was abandoned off Double Island Point, the other day, having about ten tons of explosives on board, and, being in tihe immediate track of coasting vessels, is a sonroe of great danger. The Government, resognising this, despatched the slteamer Otter, last night, in order either tow her into portor to destroy her. Captain Wal slace, of Wallace and Welsby, the agents for the vessel, left in the Otter, in the interests of the under-writers of the cargo. The Otter basn been insured, by the under-writers, for the asum of £10.000. A subscription list on behalf of the captain and crew of the Evelyn has been opened by Meassrs. Wallace and Welaby, who have very generously headed the list with £10 10I. Quite a flutter was occasioned in social circles, by the marriage, on Tuesday, in the temporary church at Indooroopilly, of Mr. Francis Henry Kates, son of Mr. F. Kates, of Allora, with Miass Edith Minnie Day, the only daughter of Mr. George Day, of "Bahia," In- dooroopilly. The church was beautifully decorated for the occasion, and the porch, even, was set off with flowers representing the initials tiale of the bride and bridegroom, while the path was strewn with exquisitely scented flowers. Mr. H. de Burgh Anderson, of Allora, acted as "best man." The newly-married couple were presented with a very beautiful wreath, when preparing to drive off. The bride was presented with over seventy very choice and handsome gifts. The recent heavy weather on the coast has been the cause of several disasters ataea. The following telegram was received, by the Post and Telegraph ,Department, last evening: "Clarence Heads advises quantity of wreckage came ashore sonth of Clarence Beads, bulwarks, hatches, deck and cabin fittings, stere, name Summer Bose, yesterday evening and this morning." The sea has encroached so much on the site of the Combogaro light- house, Moreton Island, that it has been found necessary to remove the light- honse 200ft. further back, and this will be done at once. Half-a dozen of the New Caledonian es caspees now in the Brisbane.Gaol were brought before "Papa" Pinuook, at the prison, yesterday. Abundant evidence as to their identity was given, and they were ordered obe handed over to the iFrench authorities, for removal to Nonmea. The following are the names and particulars of the prisonera :- Thos. Beseon, alias Barolli, a mason by trade, born in 1880. in Italy, sentonoed at Mar. seilles, in 1884, to twent years' penal servi tade and five years' polise sopervision, fcr burglary ; this is the fourth escape of the prisoner from the penal settlement, Bienda Goaloiero. alias Vital Barsanti, no cocpotion, born in Marseilles, in 88I1, sentenced at Nimes, is 1685, to twelve yeard' penal servitude and twenty years' police supervision, for aiding in the robbery of the contents of a safe by.means of afalse key; this is the second escape of the prisoner from the penal settlement. Nardi Antoine. no occupation, born in 1858, in Cor sica. sentouenced (at same time and for same crime as Goaltiero) to ten yeard' penalservitude and twenty years' police eupervision ; this is the third escape of the prisoner from the.penal settlement. Jose Cavight, or Cavigh, a baker by trade, born in 18568, in Spain, sentenced, in 1880, to ten years' pena servitude and ten years' police aupervision, for robberies, sen tenesd, in 1885, at a court- martial held in Noumea, to penal servitude for life for snur der; this is the second escape of the prisoner from the penal settlement. Victor Dande velde, a weaver by trade, born in 1852, in Lille, sentenaoed, in 1881, to ifteen years' penal servetude, for burglary; this is the second es cape of the prisoner from the penal settlement. Joseph Rca, a shoemaker by trade, born, in 1858, in Spain, sentenced, in 1881, to twenty; years' penal servitude and twenty years' police: supervseion, for robbery; this is the seventh! escape of the prisoner from the penal settle- I ment. The prisoners' original sentencsa had been increased on account of their previous ea capes. These additions varied from five years in the case of the first esscapes to a total of fifty-five years and 100 years' police super viston in the case of Roce. The four other eospees --Edward Marechal, Constat Creker, Billes Jules, and Basille Cocher-were re mended for a week. A trial washing by D. Coull and Co 's patent elf-acting Australian wool-washer was given, at Messrs. Wmn. Howard Smith and Sons' wharf, to-day, in the presence of a large num bar of gentlemen interested in agricultural and patoral pursuits. The trial was esperintended by Mr. David CoalL, an engineer, of the South Bolloo River, who invented and p tented the machine. The test proeed highly satisfactory, and it is olaimed that-one man can easily keep two .machines going, and wash over aixteen bales of wool in an ordinary working day of nine houra. The working of the machiuae is simplicity itself. I mentioned, in a previous letter, some time ago, that Captain Heath,. the Portmaster, in tended t?oitire from the poblio eurvine early this yesar. e has applied or twelve months' leave of abahoce on full pay, considering that he was entitled to this concession, having I served the Government for thirty years. He ! application was considered, by the Cabinet, this week, but the Government, I am given to understand, lane granted him only three months' leave, Such a "fat" billet is, as may be imagined, " hankered" for by not a few. Already several applications have been re ceived for the posetition, i?cluding one from Captain Wright, RN. I am informed, on very gioi authority, that the Government, in view of the fact that a Harbour Trunsts Bill will probably be passed during the coming seasion, willnot, at present, take stope to appoint a nThuse cley ploughing match has been post poned until the 3rd of April, as the date pre' viously fixed (the 26th of Maroh) has been found to be inconvenient for some of the com petitors and others. The Chamber of Commerce ban received a communication to the effect that there is no probabdlity of definite steps being taken for the establishment of a steamship servioce between Canada and Anustralia until the return of a commission which has been appointed by the Dominion Government to visit the Anstralian colonies. At a meeting of the board of directors of the Metropolitan Tramway Company, Limited, yesterday, it was decided to obtain power to increase the capital of the company to £500,000 by the issoe of 70,000 new shares. The object of the change is toasubstitute cable traction for the horse traction now in nuse. I am informed that the Melbourne shareholders of the com pany will arrange for the increased capital. The Immigration Board, who held an inquiry into the complaint made by Julia Behan and Elizabeth Shaw, two single women, immigrante by the steamer Jumna, as to the treatment they received, during the voyage, from the matron, Miss Bray, have just given their decision. It was not unanimous, but the majority of the members are of opinion that the charges against the matron have not been nsustained, while they blame the doctor for neglect. The Chief Secretary does not, however, agree with the finding. He considers that the chargen againet the matron hare been entirely aub stanliated, and coincides with the Board in blaming the doctor. A powerful company, designated the River. Tree Proprietary Silver-Mining Company, has jusot been formed, in this city, to purchase and work an area of about 566 acres, consisting of thirteen blocks of country at the head of the Clarence River, thirty.-five miles from Killar. ney. The capital (£120,0001 has been sub scribed in Queeneland, principally by Brisbane men. Ore from the property has been tested in Adelaide, the renults being from 80oz. to i 184oz. of silver to the too, or an average of 120oz. The recent heavy rains have caused another hoge lando6lip on the North Qouay. The elip ocoorred, just behind the Moseum, about half. pant 6 o'clock this morning, and carried away the new sanitary sheds (which are sunk to the roof) sni the varandah and jetty of the morgue, A inrther subsidence is anticipated. The loss to the Corporation, by the disaster, will not, it is expected, tall short of £1000. Later. The Minister for Railways and the Chief Commissioner will inspect the proposed routes of the Tambourine and Beaudesert Railway, after which they will visit the proposed route from Nerang to Coolangatta. Alterations have been made, by the Rail way Commiseioners, in the time-table between Briebone and Gympie, whereby the mails will only be detained one night on the journey, instead of two, as heretofore. Since writing the first portion of my letter, I have learned, on good authority, that stecs will be taken, by the Government, to fill the position about to be vacated by Captain Heath, ae Poetmaster, on the let of July. The post will be given to someone already in the servien, so that the gallant Captain Wright will not stand a "ghost of a show." The barque Veritae. bound from Sydney for Singapore, with 1058 tons of coals, put into Brisbane, today, in a partially disabled condi. tion. She encoantered a severe E.N.E. gale between New Caledonia and the Brampton Shoals. The een rose to a tremendous height, and the vessel pitched and toesed in an alarm ing manner, During the gale the foremast head was carried away, caneing the top-mast, top-gallant-mast, and yards to fall in-board. The sea being highand the decke flooded with water, it was impossible to seeore anything, so everything had to be cat away, and thrown into the sea. A course was then shaped for Brisbane, whence the vessel will be repaired before continuing her voyage. She will prob ably be here for about fifteen days. 