THE GL08E-TR0! TER. Letter Carrying in China' About tho moot curious institution m China is the postal service. It includes two quite distinct systems, one for the govern ment officials and the other for every one else. The dispatches of the government are carried by mounted postmen with tolerable Bwiftnees. Their carriage and delivery are under the direct supervision of the Minister of War in Pekin. Tho people at large are not allowed to send mail by the official carriers. They are obliged to transact all their postal business through a muoh slower medium. In every Chinese city there are several post offices which receive and doliver in their respective districts the mail matter of the general publio. Eaah guarantees the safe delivery of everything intrusted to its care, and in ..aso of loss of valuable papers pr goods reimburses the sender without delay. The contents of every paokage, however, must be exactly dcolared at the time of mailing, aB the postage varies with very trivial variations of value. The postmen of this branoh of the mail service walk or ride on aBBes from station to station. With some eighty pounds of mail matter, a postman covers about three miles, an,hour. .The minute he arrives at the end of his route he transfers his burden to the: shoulders of another postman, who, what-' ever the' time of-dBy and whatever the weather, hurripB Ucliver it at the next station. To keep himself ready for all emergencies, tho Chinese postman never fuddles his wits with over-eating. He always tabes very light meals. “Eats himBelf only seven tenths full,” the Chinese say. Ho is usually a man of fine physique, and less afraid of ghosts, witohes, etc., than forty-nine out of every fifty of his fellow-countrymen. In fect, an applicant for admission to the service is generally subjeoted to a kind of civil service examination of his courage in withstanding the horrors of supernatural phenomena. If he stands the test without quailing and proves that ho has not incurred the enmity ol any spirit bad that might inter fere with him in the discharge of his duties, he has taken a long step towards procuring his appointment. This singular condition for admission to the service is universally considered to be qnito proper.for the average Chinaman is also afraid of spirits and the dark that tho slightest noise by the wayside at night would cause him to drop whatever ho wee carrying and dart ofl like a shot to the nearest settlement. An ordinary letter may be sent one hun dred and fifty miles or more for about 3d. Thirty per cent, of the postage is oolleated in -advance from the sender. This amount covers the expense of transportation, and is a guarantee against fraud on the part of tho sender. Tho other seventy per cent, is col lected from tho receiver, and represents tho profit of tho service. The postmen often oarry very valuable mails. Tbo traders intrust to them drafts and Bilver bullion without hesitation. To proteat the most important mails, small guards of soldiers are often used, or troops of fighting civilians are always ready to fight at least a dozen highwaymen. The manner in wliioh they prepare themselves for suoh uneven combats is an elaboration of a pugilist’s training in pnnohing the bag. From tho roof of tho empty Bhed in which tho practice is taken hang on ropeB ten heavy sandbags. The man who is learning to be a guard stands in tbo midst of these bags, wbilo bis instrnctor on the outside sets them to swinging. Tho man among tho bags then strikes out right and left with his fists for the purpose of punching the bags away from him.' As soon as he learns to keep all the bags in motion without letting them tonch him be is pronounced ready to go on the road to knock out mail robbers. 