NEW PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH FOR FREMANTLE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. On Wednesday afternoon the foundation stone of the Presbyterian Church, Fremantle, was laid in the presence of a large number of people. Amongst those present were the Hon. J. Forrest, Mr. W. S Pearse, M.L C , Mr. R. Fairbairn, RM., D . Hope, Rev.'D. Shearer, Rev. J. Johnson. Rev.T. Bird, Rev. B. C. Matthew, Rev. R Hanlin, Messrs. Sam. Pearse, G Pearse, J. Manning, R. M. Walker, S. Hope, &c.; After singing and prayer the Rev. B. Hanlin stated that the jar to be placed in the stone contained a record of the church, copies of the West Australian and the Daily News, and the current coins of the realm. He read the record as follows : In May, 1886, the Rev. R. Hanlin, assistant in the Free North Church, Sterling, N.B., was requested by the Colonial Committee of the Free Church of Scotland to proceed to to Fremantle, W.A., for the purpose of raising and establishing a congregation in tbat town. He left London 03 August 13, and arrived at Fremantle on the 27th Sept., and was cordially welcomed by the Rev. D. Shearer, the minister of Perth. On the 10th October services were begun in the Oddfellows Hall, William-street, which were attended with gratifying success. During the follow- ing year, 1887, a period of severe commercial depression visited the colony, and no less than 60 persons, mostly emigrants, who had identified themselves with the Presbyterian Church, left the town in order to procure employment. This blow was felt severely by the young church. Early in 1888 the place of worship was changed to the banqueting hall, where the services have been held up to the present. The Communion Roll now stands at 46, with from 60 to 70 adherents above l8 years of age, making a total of 116 adults. In Jan. 1887, a Sabbath School was opened, and the attendance in the course of the year rose to 70. A mission school was started in February, 1888, to meet the wants of Chester- field and Beaconsfield, It as held, in the first place, in a cart shed kindly lent for the purpose, but in 1889 a hall was erected in Leah-street, Beaconsfield, at a cost of £120, and in which the Sabbath Sohool is now held with an average attendance of 76. In conse- quence of this movement in the suburbs a number of children were transferred from the Fremantle School, and the total for both schools at present is 130. A Band of Hope is also held in Beaconsfield Hall on Wednes- day evenings-average attendance 60. In March, 1889, the Rev. B. Hanlin, commis- sioned by the Colonial Committee in Scotland proceeded to the eastern colonies for the pur- pose of creating some interest among the Presbyterians of Melbonrne and Sydney in the new cause at Fremantle. During his absence the Rev. G.Stewart, from Glasgow, N.B, acted as locum tenens. At a congre- gational meeting, held November 21,1889, it waa resolved to proceed with the erection of a church on the site in South Terrace which had been secured for the congregation,mainly through the efforts of the Rev. D. Shearer, at the nominal price of £100. Plans were pro- cured by Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs, architect, of Perth, and the foundation stone is this day being laid by the Hon. J. Forrest, C.M.G, F.R.G S. Here follow the names of the com- mittee of management: -Rev. R. Hanlin, James McGregor, secretary, R. M. Walker, treasurer, J. Petrie, J. Spence, Henry Mossip, Robert McElroy, J. R. McElroy, J. B. Paton. Building Committee :-Rev, D, Shearer, MA, F, A. Moseley, R, M. Walker, Wm. Stewart, and Rev. R, Hanlin. Fremantle, March 26, 1890\. Architect, J. T. Hobbs. Builders, J. Petrie & Co. The jar to be placed io the cavity of the foundation stone was sealed this 26th day of March, 1890, and 52nd of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty, Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, and Empress of India. Her Majesty's representative : Sir F. N. Broome, now absent in England. Ad- ministrator, Sir Malcolm Fraser, Elias Solomon, J.P., being Mayor of Fremantle. The hon. JOHN FORREST, having been introduced to the assembly, Mr. D. Petrie presented him with a silver trowel, after which he proceeded to lay the stone, dealer, ing it to be " well and truly laid in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Prayer was then offered, followed by a few remarks by the Hon. J. Forrest, who said they had met that day to lay the foundation-stone of a branch of the Church of Scotland, The object of the new church to be erected in Fre- mantle was to promote the cause of Christianity, in this far and distant country, and to teach them to do their duty to God and to their neighbour, They would be taught in that Church to honour their father and mother, to be obedient to those in authority, and to lead good, upright and honest lives ; in fact they would be taught to be good men and good women. In a great work such as they had entered upon that day, he felt all classes of the community had a great and direct interest ; not only the rulers of the people, those who sat in authority, but everyone who had the best interests of the, colony at heart, because in, promoting religion they were promoting the greatest safeguard for the good and well-being of society. He could only hope, and he was sure they would join with him in the hope, that this Church would have a great innfluence in the future, that from being a branch of the great old Church in the mother country, it would in time grow so prosperous and so great that it would ultimately become a tree itself, sending forth branches in the same way as the old mother churche had, to all parts of the world. He congratulated, the Rev, Mr. Hanlin, the clergyman of the church and the office bear- ers on the great energy they had displayed in being able so soon to lay the foundation of that church. Personally it gave him great pleasure to join with them in that good work. He eould only say again that he hoped its course would be long and prosper- ous and that all those present that day would see it rise into a beautiful edifice and that its work might be prosperous and its effects far reaching. The Rev. D. SHEARER expressed his pleasure at being present. Eight years ago he had the privilege of presiding at the laying of the first foundation stone of their Church in the colony. Now he was present at the laying of the second, and he trusted that in a few weeks he would see the third one of another Church laid. He remarked upon the representative gathering he saw before him, and said it indicated the good feeling that existed. As he looked around be saw minis- ters of various churches. He also recognised prominent individuals belonging to all the Protestant denominations in the colony, and it showed that although there were various minor points of difference between them, they could remember that they were all branches of the Christian Church. He wished it to be understood that they had not come to this colony with a sectarian spirit, but to assist in the great spiritual work that lay before them in that colony, and that they were willing to co- operate with these previously in the field. They recognised the duty devolving on them as a Christian Church, to follow its sons and daughters to the land of their adoption, and there keep before them the precepts of the mother Church,. He wished the new Church and its members every prosperity. The proceedings terminated with the sing- ing of a hymn, and the laying of offerings on the stone 