1 AN' THIN, WMN THE KrI2LE WAS TO BE FILLED, DINAR CAME IN-%Y DINAR." THE Courting of Dinah Shadd BY RUDYARD KIPLING. \--as- (Continued from No. 3S.) "Din I ever toll you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av mine ? "t I dissembled a burning anxiety that I f had felt for some months-ever since t Dinah Shadd, the strong, the. patient, a and the infinitely tender, had of her own c good love and free will washed a shirt for me, moving in a barren land where wash ing was not. a "I can't remember," I said casually. 1 " Was it before or after you made love to s Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction " I The story of Annie Bragin is written in c another place. It is one of the many f episodes in Mulvaney's chequered career. " Beoforo-before-longbofore, was that I business av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's t ghost. - Never woman was the worse for t me whin I had married Dinah. There's a a time for all things, an' I know how to t ka e all things in place-barrin' the dhrink, that kapes me in my place wid no r hope av comnin' to be aught else." " "Beginat the beginning," I insisted. a "Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you f married her when you were quartered in t Krab Bokhar barracks." t " An' the same is, a cess- pit," said a Mulvaney, piously. "She spoke thrue, I did- Dinah. 'Twas this way. Talkin' av that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr ?" I preserved the silence of the damned. I Mulvaney continued- t " Thin I will assume that ye have not. I did, In the daysavwmy youth, as I have more than wans't tould you, I was a man r that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl I av women. -Never- man was hated as I have bin. Never man was loved .as I- a no, not within half a day's march av ut I For the first five years av my service, whin I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, 1 I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' r digested ut---an' that's more than most f men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow av hiven, I cud play wid four women at wanst, an' t kape them from findin' out anytthin' about 1 the other three, an' smile like a full-blown t marigold through ut all. Dick Coulhan, t av the battery, we'll have down on us to night, could drive his team no better than I I mine, an' I hild the worser cattle ! An' so I lived, an' so I was happy till afther that business wid Annie Bragin-she that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an' t taught me where I stud in the mind av an 1 honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. "Afther thhst I sickened arwhile an' tuk .1 thought to my reg'inental work; conceit- t ing mesilf I wud study an' be a sargint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes afther that. But on top ov av my ambitious ness there was an empty place in my sowl, I an' me own opinion av mesilf cud not fill 1 ub. Sez I to mesilf : 'Terence, you're a great man an' the best set up in the rag'- 1 ment. :Go op art' get promotion.' "Sez mesilf to me, 'hat for' Seoz I to 1 mesilf : 'For the glory have ut!' Sez mesilf to mee: 'Will that fill these two 1 strong arrums av yours, Terence ?' 'Go to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.' "Tis the same thing,' sez I to mesilf. 'Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an' wid that I considliered on ut a -long while. Did you iver feel that way, sorr ?" \- I snored gently, knowing thal if Mul vaioey were uninterrupted lie would go on. The clamour of the bivouac fires -boeat up to the stars as the rival singers of the companies were pitted against each other. " So I felt that way, an' a bd time ut was. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married lines more for the sake av spakin' 1 to our ould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a corp'ril then-rejuced aftlherwards, but a corp'ril then. I've a photograft av mesilf to prove ut. ' You'll tqke a cup cv toy, syiuqu ' apz Ih. 'I will that,' I sea, ?ho' tay is not my divearsion.' ''Twud be better for pg.o if ut wore, I sez ouild Mother Slhadd, an' she hId ought know for Slhadd, in the ind av his service, dhrunk bung full each night. " Wid that I tuk off my gloves-there's 1 was pipe-clay in thim, so that they stood alooe-an' pulled up my chair, lookin' round at the china ornamnints an' bits av f things in the Shadda' quarters. They i were things that belonged to a man, an' no camp kit, here to-day an' dishipated 1 poxt. 'You're comfortable this place, I sergipt1' says I, "Tis the wife that did pf,'boy,' spa he, pointin' the stem av his i pipp to ould Mother Shadd, an' she smacked the top av his bald head upon i th6 copmpliment. 'That manes you wants msnby,' sea sahe. * "~'n' thin--an' thin, whin the kittle wag to be filled, Dinah came in --my Dipah-ler sleeves rowled up to the elbpw an' her hair in a gowlden glory over pi forpspeul, the big blue eyes beneath wui~ 1n' llke slarp pp is frosty nlight, an' thq trg d a\t her two feet lighter than 1 waste-paper from the colonel's basket in ord'ly room whin ut's emptied. Bein' but a shlip av a girl she went pink at oeein' me, an' I twisted me moustache an' looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that yo care a snap 3 av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." c '"I suppose that's why you followed I Annie Bragin till everybody in the mar ried quarters laughed at you,". said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and a casting off the disguise of drowsiness. c " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av t the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If you read I the Soldier's Pocket Book, which niver any h soldier reads, you'll see that there are v exceptions. Whin Dinah was out av the s door (an' 'twas as tho' the sunlight had c gone too)-' Mother av hiven' sergint,' I says I, but is that your daughter ?' ' Ie I believed that way these eighteen years,' s' says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', ' but Mrs. Shadd has her own opinion like iv'ry a other woman.' 'Tis wid yours this time, u for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. ' Thin why in the name of fortune did I niver see Y her before ?' sez I. 'Bekase you've been fi thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av n a child till last year, an' she shot up wid a the spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd. 'I'll thrapese no more,' sez I. 'D'you g mane that ?' sez vould Mother Shadd, lookin' at me side-ways like a hen looks in at a hawk when the chickens are runnin' a free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez I. Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the P ten, an went out av. the house as stiff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that U Dinah Shacml's eyes were in the smail av my back out av the scullery window. I Faith I that was the only time I mourned I was nob a cav'l'ry man for the sake av a the spurs to jingle. t '"I wint out to think, an' I did a a powerful lot av thinkin', but ut all caime i1 round to that shlip av a girl ini the dotted blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the I syarkil in them. Thin I kept off canteen, an' I kept to the married quarthers or c1 near by on the chanst av meetin' Dinah. Did I meet her ? Oh, my time past, did 1 I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart goin' like a I farrier's forge on a Saturday morning I' I 'Twas 'Good day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' I 'Good day t'you,: corp'ril,' for aweoek.or u two, an' divil a bit further could I got c bekaze av the respict I had to that girl I that I cud ha' broken betuiio fixigor an' s thumb." - c Here I giggled as I recalled theo.gigantic a figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed i me my shirt.' ' r "Ye may laugh," grunted Mulvanoy. t "But I'ni speakin' the trut', an' 'tis you t that are in fault. Dinanh was a girl that 1 that would ha' taken the imperiousness c out of the Duchess av Clomuel in those I days. Flower-lhand, foot av shod air, an' a the eyes av the inornin' she had. That is my wife to-day-ould Dinah, and never I aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. " 'Twas after three weeks' standin' off an' on, im' niver makin' headway excipt v through the eyes; that a little drummer- 1 boy grinned in nie face whin I had ad- f monished him wid the buckle av my belt t for riotin' all over the place. ' An' I'n t not the only wan that doesn't kape to s barricks,' sez he. " I tuk him by the scruff a av his neck- my heart was hung on as hair-thrigger those days, you well under- i stand-an' 'Out wid ut,' sez I, ' or I'll t lave no bone av you unbreakable.' ' Speak I to Dempsey,' sex he, howling. 'Dempsey f which?' sez I, 'Ye unwashed limb of t Satan.' ' Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' f sez he. ' He's seen her home from her aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' 'Child ?' sez I dhropping I him, 'Your tongue's atronger than your E body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dhressed you down. 'At that I went four ways to wanst I huntin' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shud ha' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'ry man not fit to trust on a mule thrunk. Presintly I found .him in our lines-the Bobtails was quartorbd next us -an' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule lie was wid his big brass spurs an' his plastrons on his epigastons an' all. But hp niver flinched a hair. " ' A' word wid you,' Dempsey,' sez 1. I 'You've walked with Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' " 'What's that to you ' sez he. ' I'lli walk forty times more, an' forty oil top av that, ye shovel-futted, clod-brakin' infan try lance-corp'ril.' "Before I cud gyard he had his gloved i fist home on nay cheek, an' down 1 went full sprawl. ' Will that content you ? 1 sez lie, blowin' on his knuckles for all thee world like a Scots Greys orf'cor. ' Con- I tint ! ' sxe 1. 'For your own sake, man, take off your spurs-peel ygur jacket an' on' glove. 'Tis the beginr.in' av the over ture ; stand up I ' " He stud all lie know; but he nlvor peeled his jaiket, an' his shliulders had no fair play. I was fightin' for Dinah t Shadd an' that cut on my cheek. What I iho10 had lie forninst me? ' Stand up,' sez I, time an' again whin lihe was be- i ginnin' to quarter the ground an' gyard high an' go large. 'This isn't ridin' school,' sez I. '0 O, man, stand up an' t let ine got at ye.' But whin I saw he wuil t be runnin' about, I grup his iltock in mny left an', his waist-belt in my right an, swung him clear to my right front, head undher, lie hlamenui' my nose till the wind was knocked out avhim in the bare t ground. 'Stand up,' sez I,' ' or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. 'My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So 1 helped him back." - "And was his collar-bone broken ?" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could .neatly accomplish, that terrible throw. "Ho pitched on his left shoulder-point. It was. Next day the news was in both. - barracks, an' whin I met Dinah Shadd, wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no 'Good mornin', corp'rl,' or aught else. 'An' what have I done, Miss Shadd,' seo I, very bould; plantin' mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not pass the time of day ?" "' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Demp sey,' soz she, her dear blue eyes fillin' 1 up.. " ' May be,' soz I. ' Was he friend av yours that saw ye home four times in a fortnight?' " 'Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners.' 'An' an' what's that to you ?' "' Ask Dompsoy,' soz I, purtendin' to go away. "' Did you fight for me then, ye silly man?' she sez, tho' she know ut all along. - "'.Who elsoe ' sez I, an' I tuk wan 1 pace to the front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' seez she, fingerin' m her apron. " ' That's for me to say,' sez I. Shall I say us?' : - "' Yes,' sez sheo in a saint's lwhisper, an' at that I explained mesilf ; and she tould mle what ivry man that is a man, ai' ninny. that is a woman, hears wanst in his life. " 'But what made ye cry at startin', Dinah darlin' ?' sez I. " ' Your- your bloody cheek,' sez she, duckin' her little head down on my sash (I was duty-for the day) an' whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk nt as pleased me best an' my first kiss wid ut.: Mother av Innocence I but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undher the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss come tumble-ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould MotherShadd like two little childher, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran away to her own room. That day I throd on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud Iha' picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so m?gnificent I was. Butt 1 tuk recruities at squad drill', an' began'withlgeneral battalion advance whin 1 shud ha' been balance-stoppin' em. Eyahl that day ! that day I " A very long pause. " Well ?" said I. " It was all wrong," said Mulvanoy, with- an enormous sigh. "An' sure I know that ov'ry bit av it-was my own foolishness. That night -?l tuk, maybe, the half av three" piitts-not enough to turn the hair of a tman in his natural senses. But I was more than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen beer was so much whisky to me. I can't tell how it camo about, but bckaze I had no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minutes, bckazc the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to quarters an' I must stay talkin' to a red headed Mullengar heifer av a girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheehy, the wife of Nick Sheehy, the canteen-sergint--tho black curse av Shie lygh be on the whole brood that are above groun' this day I (To be contmincd.) ., 