Cbiloren. King Fredcricle's Rttse. A Story of Three Mysterious Gold Pieces— The Bewnrd Reosived by a Dutiful Son. How the Dear Old Mother’s Letter | Touched the Heart of Her Sov- j ereign—Days of Peace and _ ! Plenty That Came ! Because a Lad \ Honored His Mother. One cummer morning, a great many yearo ago, a boy was lying Bound asleep on a benob in one of the rooms at Sana-Sonei (the country palace of the King ot Prussia) with all his clothes on. Very gay clothes they ; were, from the trim blue jacket, with its j embroidered cells and ahining brass buttons, j down to tlio smart shoes, with their well- ] polished steel buckles. But the poor little fellows face was not as gay as his dress by any means. It looked eadly pale, and as worn and tired as if he bad been up ail night. So indeed be bad, for. tough old King Frederick, who could work,from four in the ! morning till ten at night without seeming a bit worse, sometimes forgot that his poor little page-boy was not eb strong as himself, and would often keep him on duty till Karl fell asleep from sheer fatigue, just as he appeared to have done now. Alt at once a bell rang Bharply in the nest room. At that signal tho page ought to have jumped up and gone in to receive his orders for tho day, as he had to the first thing every morning, no matter at what JipHi.heiuiiLgoae-to-beil. But he was no fast asleep that he never heard it; and the bell rang again still more sharply without any answer. Then the door of the inner room opened, I and out came a very strange figure in it was a small, lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform coat and a pair of long riding boots, which looked as though they had not been cleaned for a month ; and as if he were not untidy enough already, he had smeared the whole front ol his coat with *au£f, which fell off in flakes whenever he moved. His face might have been carved in stone, so cold and hard did it look; but ia the midst of it there gleamed an eye so dear and bright and piercing that it seemed to go right through every one upon whom it rested. But for this commanding glance one would most likely have taken him for a beggar, and have wondered what business such a slovenly old fellow could have in the palace at all. But in reality this queer, shabby little old man was no other than King Frederick c>f Prussia himself, the greatest General and statesman in the world, and famous through out all Europe under the name of ‘ Frederick the Great.” One could see by the flash of his eye and the Bet of his hard old mouth, as he came striding cut, that he was very angry at being kept waiting, and that a terrible scolding awaited rhe poor little page, who lay sleeping there sn peacefully, knowing nothing at all j about it. Butes the King's eye fell upon tbe lad’s unconscious face his moed seemed to change. “ Hum 1” muttered he, with the very ghost of a smile flickering over his iron face. ‘'How famously the young dog sleeps I I'only wish I could have Buch a nap now and then. One can eee that he hasn't got to worry himself about governing five millions of men, or carrying cn war against five nations at onoe. Ha I what's this ?” A crumpled sheet cf coarse paper, which seemed to have dropped from Karl'a hand, was lying on the floor bseide him. The King picked it up, and these were the first words that caught his eye, written in the shaky, straggling hand of a very feeble old woman : I thank you much, my dear ohild, for the j money that you have so kindly Bent me, | which has been a great help. Take your old mother’s blessing for it, and see that yon always do your best to be a worthy and faith ful servant to our master, the King, whonl God bless and preserve.” As he read that simple message the soldier.king’s grim face softened as no one had ever ssen it soften before. Perhaps the memory of hi3 own mother, dead years ago, rcre an in his mind once more ; perhspshs was touched by tho old woman's prayer for himself, or by the discovery that this bad been the boy’s last thought before he fell j “ Were all my fcutjscts like that,” ho mur I mured; " I should ba tbo luckiest King in Europe. And so he has been saving money j from bis wag's (and poor enough wages | they ere, I am sure) to send to his mother 1 | Wei! dono, my boy ; thou art a true 1’rus At that moment Karl moved slightly, as if about to awake. Tbe King noticed it, and a new idea ap peared to strike him, which must have been a droll one from the momentary twinkle that lighted up his stern eyes. 11 Yes, that will be the beet way," said be to himself,11 and a fine surprise it will be to Stepping back into the room whenco he had issued (which certainly had very little “ royal luxury" about it, for it was almost as bare as a oattle-ehed, with no furnituro save a battered deal table and a broken chair). Frederick hunted in the table drawer till ho rummaged out a well-worn writing case, from one rf the packets of which ho took three gold coins. These he slipped into the page’s pocket | along with the letter, taking great care not to awake him in doing so. Then he rang his bell violently and called out: " Karl, come here 1” The sharp, stern voice effectually rouEed our hero, who started up at once, and drew back in dismay as he saw Frederick’s keen eyes fixed upon him. " Pardon, your majesty, pardon I” stam mered ho. “ I was—” “ Never mind about that just now,” inter rupted tbe King. 11 Came in here and get your orders.” Ab Karl sprang eagerly foward to obey, the money, which had been put losely into his pocket, rolled out again, and fell ringing and ohinking upon the floor. “ Hello, young man 1" cried Frederick, “ you ought to be a good deal rioher than I am if you can afford to fling your money aboat like that." "Oh, Eire I” cried the boy, imploringly, " I don’t know anything about tbia money, I don’t indeed ! Somebody must have meant to ruin mo by putting it into my pocket, and then saying that I bad stolen it.” 11 No,” said tbe King, gravely, "that money is God’s gift to yon, to help yon in assisting your mother. Write and tell her that I know all about her, and that I’ll take care ol her, and you, too.” And King Frederick kept his word. 