LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. WEsT Meoretoa is again to the fore, in the person of a welll-known resident of Upper Laidley. There is really "a lady in the csse" this time. The Hen W. Pattison intended, some little while back, eto present the Rock hampton agricultural eooieties with aduplicate of the Government travelling dairy, but the societies, not interesting themselves much in the matter, Mr. Pattieon garvethe plant to Cler mont. It arrived there last week, and is. now beingfitted up on the show.grounds. Of course, the dairy wants a competent pervon to work it and teach pupils the noble art of darrylog, and it is just about here that Laidley comes in. Miss Hnoter, who was a pupil of the travelling dairy, while at Laidley, and who hes gaioed much repute for cheese- making, has been chosen to take charge of the Clermont ap. psratr, and left Brisbane for the North on Friday last. Soos of our readers, who have evidently not pernsed oar columnos very oarefully, seem to be under the impression that we have not en. preseed any opinion respecting the compulnsory insurance soheme of the Queensland Railway Oommissionerc. as a matterof feet, this j ?nr oat wee amongst the very firt to doso ; and we pointed out very'clearly how nojustly snch a soheme wonid operate in some instapone, par tionlarly in the case of men well advanced in life. Alfter the assurance of the COommisoioners, however-given to Messrs. Barlow and Mac farlane, and embodied in a memorandum pub lished in thee columns st the time-that com palsory insaranoe would not be enforced where ample provision for accident or old age had already been made, we did notoonsider itneoes. eary to say sanything forther on the esobjose, taking it for granted that the concessions made would meet all objections to the eoneme. We do not think it at all probable, however, that the Commissionera will, in the Isoe of the strong organised opposition which is being offered to the spheme, endeavour'.tomake it ouniveniall compalsory. If they do, then it maybe esafely left to Parliament t, see that no isijunsticoe is done to so large, asefal, and generally respect. able a body of men as the railway employeee o0 this colony. In.a case, for example, like that oited at Maryborough by Mr. Ferguson, the other day, it would be manifestly unjust to make insurance compulsory. It wa that of a i'an who received 6'. Gd. per day, and who wasa member of two clubs, paying 7.. 6d. a month. Under the newecheme, he wonld now have to pay £1 4e., id. a a~oneh, msakiag alto gethe £1 Ile 7td. a month. This sum would be utasde ret and other neoessaries. 'The man's income would then be £4 1e. 4j3. 'a month to live on and support a family of nine, which would give them eaoh 10s. 6d, per month to subsehist on. To come nearer home, "e might Instance the case of a late well. known Ipswich resident, who was connected whet the Toowoonaba club for many year,, and who, while nable to work, received £1 per week, and at death his Widow was paid the handsome sum of £72. Surely in cases where men have made provision sanch as this, the Oom missiouers will not attempt to make insurance compalsory. If they do, a hardship will be inflioted that cannot, and wIll not, be toleor ated. rAT the Separation meeting held in Rock. hampton, last week, Mr. Jobn Ferooneo, speaking in favour of the movement, said that the conditions ol Queeneland were different to those of any 4other colony in Australia. It had a more extensive sset-ooast, and there were many more porte. pew South Wales, for in, stance, had only one commercial citl-Sydney -through which all the imports and exporte of the colony lpaeseed. It was the same in Vie toria, with Melbourne, and again in Sonth Aun-. tralia, with Adelaide. With Quaeens'and it was diBereut; there were three ports-B-ri bane, Rockhampton, and Towneville. Bria bane was the commercial city of the South, R-ckbampton of the centre,'and Towosville of the Noith. So it seemed that Nature intended that Qoeensland should be erected into three colonies, and, no doubt, the time would come when t ey would see that acomplisheid. Queenlmrd was one of the most extensive of England's colonier; it was almost twice as large as Canada, one-filth as large as the whole area of Europe and ite dependencies, and twice as large an Englani, Ireland, Bcotland, France, and Spain puat together-in fact, it was big enough to be divided into fouk or fve oolanies, and each would be extensive. AT the ordinary meetingof theDalby branch of the Railway Employee' Association, last week, a oeae which was coneidered very bard was reported. It appears that one of the lengtbhsmen np the line had been given notice that he would be relieved from duty on the 31st ultimo, no reason being seassigned for 'theis action rave a curt note to the effect that he was not fit for duty. The man is fiftj-twoyears of age, and has been in the railway employ fore a considerable time. The matter created a good deal of disoesuion, and all present appeared to sympathiae with their co-worker. Ultmately it was decided to have the ease brought toe!ore the councilorf the Assooiation, to beeubmittod, by them, to the Commisseioners for investiga tion. Tar Toowroomba Chronicle etates that the extraordinary mildnsess of the season is shown by the fact that strawberries are, in many places, flowering and bearing fruit, and green poae and French beans are foeun in many gar dens, and bearing freely. Snobh ba not been seen in Toowoombe in the month of June for many years past. A cuoiras fact has transpired in connection wi;th the scaffold on which the murderer Barry paid the penalty of his corame at Rookhamptcn oo Monday week. It is stated on good autbhL rity that the scaffJld was brought t Rock hampton at the time Queensland was separated from New South Wales, now over thirty years ago. Previous to that, it had been in u0e for a long time on the Hunter River, having been very frequently set up in the old convict daye. -Bullefin, . Mo. H, ManoR, of Brisbane, will lecture en the life of "Father Matthew," in the School of Arte, at 7"45 o'clock this evening. The Observer of May 19 lost, speaking of the ame lecture, delivered in Brisbane, say :- ' Mr. Mahon's lecture was racy and eloquent. It was carefully prepared, in many places eparkled with real Irish wit, and was fre quently applauded." We understand that a faeatore of to.night's entertainment will be a presentation to Alfred Scot;, Harry Clements, and Harry Baseley, who, on Good Friday lasst, at Kholo, rescued Harold Brigden from drown ing., 10 Caures Men's Shirtle-r ,s.. Merkara-in White. Fancy Regatta, Ceylon, Havard, &e.; Splendid value. JOHe FORSrTE AND CO. jLdoT.] 982 A· a isetiog held at Maryboro?g?h, a few days ageo, to form a assoclation to further the single tax theory, one gentleman gave, by way of illustration, the effect of a tax of 2d. in thp B on a man owning an allotment of lend worth £50,; and on the Mount Morgan mine, vaelnieg it at t7,000,000. The annual ts of the small holder would'be 2'.; and of Monot Morgan £46880 13. 4d. This would, be a decided ad vance in the right direetion upon the present -ystem, to say the least of it. Tee Toowoomba Eeohabitee celebrated their eighteenth anniversary by a social gathering on Thursday lest. The Teot appears tobe jn a very prosperous condition. The member ship has increasee during the year from ninety three to 105; and the total funds now reach nearly £900, or £8 li. lId. per member. The order generally made good progress throughont Queenaland during 1889, for 251 new members were admitted, and the funds increased by over £988, or an average of 19*. per benefit member. The gem of the evening at the "social" was a duet by Miss Russell and her brother, from Helidon, and it fairly brought down the house. Both children have a very olear pronounoiation, and their voices blended harmonioosly. It is seldom that children so yodung sing so correotly and sweetly, but the rendition on Thurday evening was really marvellous, and evoked rapturone applalese: R?u?sBrso to ithe cricket match between the Australian eleven and Cambridge Univer sity, which, like several of the previour 'oon testh between these two teames;' hoa'reeolted in a draw, the Melbourne Argu says :--Cam bridge University has sofarsomething the best of it it the matochee with the Australians. l? the list below, the matohes against the Pat and Present as well ae the University eleven for the year have been included. The last four masteles,it will be notioed, 'have all beep drawn. The iecord stands as follows:--1878 -Cambridge, by an innings and 72 rune. 1882 A-Osmbridge, by six wicketsl. 1882-Cam. .bridge, by 20 rune, :1884-Austral:ane, by an innings and 81 ruos. a .84--Autraliaes, by 142 runs. 1886-Drawn.. Australians 222 and 326 for five wickets. 188--Drawn. Cambridge 349 bad 149 for four wickets, Ans treliana 379. 1888-Drawn. Cambridge 332 and 232, Anstraliane 266 and 104 for two wiokete,. 1888-Drawn. Auetralians, 319; Cmmbridge 137 and 22 for no wichots. U.,?DE the heading of? " The Sheriff's lSoom:handle," the Tdotsv;l:e Star humour onasly writeas :-Among be imports from Bris bane by the steamer Lenra was one broom handle, value'6d., consigned to the Northern Sherif, . Thefreight on the article was 2 , 9d. It is underatcod that the horse, art, and man to convey the handle round from the wharf to its destination were left behind at the metro. polie by some mistake. Mr. Coots might embody this little aneodote in his next eepara tion esasy, Brely l ord Konteford, after pernsing it, would say it was quite time for the North to "aoot~:the stilc." IT may be of interest to those people of a nervons temperament, or snperatitions nature, who sometimes "eeo ghosts," to have pro sented to them a defioition of those aacontrio impalpable esmonaea which are ocoasionally re sponsible for so much mischief. The Sooiety for Peychiokl Besearcho, a learned body whose branches now extend isi many dir?etioas over America and Europe, and whose objects are to rednce ghosts and spectree to a science, theen defines the dreaded tenant of the "hanted house" and the yawning Churchbyard :--" A ghost is a manifestation of persistent personal energy-a reildoe of the fores or energy which the man generated while he was alive. It is merely an nnonscions gravitation of a disem bodied entity." The difinition is certainly a pretty weighty one to be applied to so ethereal an object; 'but it mseet be extremely re aseur ing to some folk to find that, after all,, the terrifying ghost is merely "an unonsoious gravitation of a disembodied entity"-only that, and nothing more. Tan sinal fortnightly meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was hold, on Fridaylast, in Ham's rooms, Nicholas. street. The president ocospied the chair, and, after the osnal preliminary exercises, the saoretary read a letter from Mr. A. Muir and isr. P. A. Robin; joint examiners of the essays for which the uejon offered prizss, stat. ing the reasone for their adjudication, and containing some good advice with regard to fotnre competitions. A vote of thanke to these gentlemen for their services was carried -nanimouely. In a letter reeived from Mrs. Brantnall, colonial president, it was stated that Miss Akerman will be leaving China in Jone, and may soon be expected to arrive in Queensland. The president drew attention to the fact that some members had joined the onion without clearly understanding what was required of them, and it was therefore decided that all members be requested to sign the eon stitution as well as the union pledge. After some disoussion, with regard to theadvieability of opening another branch of the union in the distriot, the meeting terminated with the singing of the dorology and the pronouncing of benediction. In oompliance with the re. quest sent out by the British Temperance Association, a prayer-meeting was also held yesterday aft ,rnooon. There was a very good attendance, amongst those present being the Revs. A. Huthbieon and P. Jones. Mrs. Payae, president of the noion, led the meeting. In addition to pray ieg for the temperance cause all over the world, the varlones branches of union work were mentioned in the prayers, and a spirit of ecraeetness prevailed. The mretiog weeas brought to a close by the pronounciog of the benediction. THE regular fortnightly meeting of the Ipawiceh branbch of the Australian Natives' Association was held in Bam's Rooms last night. There was a good at:endanoe of mem' bere. The secoretary was unavoidobly absent through sickness. Five new members were elected, and three tominations were received for election on the next meeting night. Nom inations were then made for the oaffic're for the ensuing half.year, and the election will take place next meeting night. After a very one. esellal night, the proceedings terminated at the usual honr. A woMac, named Annie Smith, was brought before Mr. A. H. W. Shand, J.P., yesterday afternoon, on a charge of stealing a pair of ladies shoes, from the door of James Hunter's boot-shop yesterday afternoon. After the evidence of the arresting constable (Hanly), had been taken, the no:used was allowed out on bail, herself in £5, and one surety of £5, till this morning. Tar our "Moning" Tea, at is, 7d. per lb. CaxO & FOOTE.-- ADVT.j 980 O0t Bouewood orrespoudent informs urs that the usual monthly meeting of the Bose. wood braneh of the Ipswich Congregational Temperance Gunild was held on Friday, the 3Oth May, Mr. 8. Weight occupied the ohair and opened the proceedings with a hymn and prayer. The following programme was then eubmitted to a large and appreciative audience :--Recitationos, by Joseph Evans and Emily Weight, followed by a piece from the choir--"God, whenthemorningehinetb." Then followed three reeitations by Olivia Evans, John Elder, and AtlieeGower, respectively, all of which were well received. The choir then gave "Learn to say No" after which recita tiona were given by Fred Dutney and Louisa Haines. A reading-' Little Jim"-was then soubmitted by Mr. C. Waight, and much appreoiated. The choir seang "The ohildreh are gathering," after which Mise G. Prebble amused. and delighted her listeners with a qouaint and humorons recitation. John Weight followed with another ret?ttion and the choir sang, in a creditable aBtyle, "The Teetotal Car." A reading having been given by Mr. G. W. Swan, an enjoyable meeting was brought to a close in the annal way. Mise Hudson presided at the orgap with her o-, onastomed ability. Ta l3reakfast Creek Pony and Galloway: Association held a meeting en Saturday after noon last, when: Mr. C. Hogan'e ?oaena won the Maiden Handicap and the Galloway Handioap, Mr., Gibbon's Paddy the Hurd a .aoe, Mr. Cragg'~al tterfly the Hnamilton Plate, and Mr. Doughertg'e Bulvidere the Open Handicsp. We learn that the out-put of Mr. Lewie. Thomas's Aberdere Cohiery for the week ended on the 7th instant was 2136 tons. .A iEB? NO of the cab and 'bhs men was held, faot evening, in Mrs. Watson's Com mercial Hotel, when there was a large attend ance. The preeident (Mr. J. Edward) ocoupied the ehair. Monetary matters in conneceion with the late strike were considered, and one of the members refnsed to contribute his mite, on the ground that he was fined for allowing he horse to stray, and that the union did not pay the fne. It was explained to him that that was an individual concern, and that the union did not hold themselves responsible in uoeh oanen. When all expenses are paid, a balanoe of 12e. Ed. will remain. Roles and xegulations. in connection with pence sheets, have been printed and were distributed among the members who paid their monthly anubcrip. ation of Is. After thanking Mr. Shenton fora donation of 1os., the meeting terminated. A MoNT BBusBANE correspondent writes : As I have not seen any news about this par't of the distriot lately, I will avail myself of the oppostunity of saying a few words about it. It would be a pleasure trip to aume of your towoepeople to ride or drive along some of the roads in this district. Tt is only a few days ago eines I travelled along the main road from Esk to Kileoy, and it is almost impossible to get along, even on horseback. But at present it is.impossible to get further along the said road than the Stanley River, which is not oroesable, and is a great inconvenience. But I hope the long-talket-of bridge will soon end that tronble.-We were expect'ng to hear something about a railway through the Mount Brisbane homestead area before now. Our member was greatly in favour of it when elocoed (or, at least, before eleoted) and I hope that be has not quite forgotten it yet.-We have beoon in great anxiety lately for a school teacher. The teacher of this school was trans ferred about nine weeks ago, and we are with oat a escuesor.--8ome of the people in this distriot were saving some of their crops, ex poeting Egeson's forecast to come true, bat they were only saving it for the flood to oarry it away.-I saw a letter in your issanue of the 3rd instant, referring to a ball whioh was held, in Deep Creek State School, on the night of the 23rd May, and I notice that a few young ladies who were present that eight were not mentioned. I see no reason why they ashoulJd not. It might be a mistake of your corres pondents, but, if all he mentioned were in de mand, he might have mentioned the other five. TBY our " Moning" Tea, at Is. 7d. per lb. Caesa.& FooTM.--ADVT.) 980 A BrLNTrEu correspondent writes:-Large fields of oats and lacerne are to be seen every where, and farmers are getting ready for planting, as there is every prospeot of a good spring.-We have rather an anxious time con cerning our dogs, as there is a bolder of land here who lays poison along the roads, with the result that several valuable dogs belonging to neighboue have been poisoned. It i, according t: my mind, even dangerous to huinas life, as children going to school have to go along those roads, and there is no telling how they might meet a p-isoned dog, who, in the agony of pain, might bite them. I wish a better educated -an, who knows the law concerning these matters, would take this matter in hand. AsnoNasTthe latest insolvents appears the name of Richard J. E. Bradfield. wheelwright and blacksmith, of Ipswich; liabilities £450, owing to twenty-seven parsons or firms; first meeting of creditors, 24th June, at the offices of Messrs. Foxton and Cardew, solicitors, of Ipswich. A RoMA telegram states that Mr. Glassey arrived there on Friday night, and met with a splendid reception. At a meeting, in the Odd. fellows' Hall. on Saturday night, the hall was crowded. Mr. Glassey spoke for over two hours, his audience being a most enthusiastic one. Mr. Glassey left by train yesterday norning, en route for Brisbare. T?s Cooktown people are extremely modest in their requesta. For instance they- or rather their representativep, divisional, com. mercial, and aldermanic- waited upon Mr. A. H. Barlow, during his recent visit to that eo'n, and aske d him to render assistance in connec. tion with the following " unconsidered trlo-": -Secure the removal of the powder magazine as promised by two Governments, the erection of a new gaol, a telegraph line to Limentone, a prospecting vote, moro liberal terms for the onse of a diamond drill, special grants of £500 each for roads to the tin fieldson the Annan, and to the goldfields on theNormanby, thepaintingof the Cook monument with stone preserving paint, and a statute of Cook. 5000 Fruit Trees for Sale.-Apples (20 narie. ties), Blight.Proof Oranges, Lemons, and Citrons (all varitti.es), Peaches (China, New. inlgton, and other varieties), Almonds, Cua tard Apples, Figs, Guavas, Lcquate, Mam moth, and other sorts. Pears, Japanese Persimmons (5 varieties), Plums (Red.Heart, Wild Goose, and Newman), GrapeVines, Wal nots, Chestnuts, Currants, and Gooseberries : also, Shade Trees and Flowering Plants (all varieties), Roses (the best soeats) and Rhobarb Roots; also, 20,000 Cabbage Plants for Sale. JAMEs BALL, Seedsman, Nicholas.ltreetf, Ips wich.--Anva.,] 29 