" MY -MI1S. FIT Z ALLEN." ByMarie Virgixta Harding. - . i. Alairie ' and I had just come out from the banker's. din" my: scat- in the' open fiaere that we had kept , waiting I had raised my parasol and was listening to my daughter as she gave the nest order to the cochcr. Theni saw three ladies pass walking rapidly. Closing my parasol I was on the carriage step at once. . My daughter, amazed, stared at me, the cochcr, with reins well in hand, turned around in his seat. For a moment I stood there undecided. " What is it?'' , Alaine was; frightened. " Do you See those three ladies ?' I am sure that's an/bid 'friend' of mine. How- tall lier girls have grown !" ;. . : "Well, why don't you speak to her then ? Hurry, or they will' he gone."- ' I stood irresolute p.then sank backin rny place. " She would'nt know me ; it would only oe a trouble." - " Who is'she'??' Alaine asked. " A Mrs.:, Fitz. , Allen. No one yon know, dear." i " What stunning complexions those girls had! They were very, striking, hut they were dressed in had taste," continued the little maid by my side. " ' " ' ' ' _'" Our horse succeeded at' last in freeinghimself , after knocking, us against various carriages and calling down a torrent of the sweet French , language— grewn'sirangely harsh and cutting in J ohn's mouth.. Shaking externally and inter nally we made our way up the Bue Scribe and homeward, and when, an hourlater, we reached our apartment, I had forgotten having seen a friend of my : child days in Mis. Fitz Allen. But now at will I readily recall her as she passed with her tall daughters on that 'sunlit summer morning in gay Paris, passing up the busy, noisy. Bue Scribe. I can even remember ho w the mass of hair coiled low on the- neck of ohe of her girls_ flashed in the golden sun. From acorns grow _ trees. From moods spring, passions, from imagination a universe. "Had I spoken to my friend "when I saw her I should not now be writing this. >. . isligination's wheel. Looking hack, I almost feel as if something' was not right about my own machinery, the wheel of imagination' rail so suioothly, 'swiftly," and with: such easy mastery over all other forces. All must be equal ; to make ; a perfect whole. I am seeking this education for Alaine ; sheismthef.young as'yet for me to see auy result, hut I feel that it will he a great success. 1 She will he of the world worldly, and one of its_ shining lights. The training required in this century, when, completed, reaches to this pinnacle. Ohth'e road the pupils cannot walk slowly ; :'tho hasty wind has no timefor loiterers they must ' do" as' they' do, strive on.. Alaine's nature perfected will hb proof against all things to which her mother has been prey— blessed child! My. parents, had they wished to see me perfected, must have been ' sadly thwarted, not in one respect only but in two. My imagination, . my heart, are phenomenally active. The latter must have had no more than the covering of a wafer, for ithas been ruthlessly plundered, even to the present date;' 'and ' this last touch was broader, deeper than the others— the impression lives with me. - 1 " ' Before the winter overtook us -I extorted a promise irom.Alaine's French maid 'to go to Germany with us. : But ifcj was the end of - a hard winter before I could induce Jose actually to leave her adorable' charming Paris for the land of guttural sounds and bleak winds. How ever, between usr— Alaine, myself, and some bank notes— we succeeded. Before starting I received a note in reply to one sent to a secluded and highly recommended pension stating that the honoured ladies would find accommodations and were expected on the 4th. We had always heard and were convinced that the best German was not tho - Saxon German, and spent some time in debating to' what city we should go. If we went to Hanover, where'Alaine would gain the purest accent, I should surely die of the cold. TheNorfchSoaontheraaplookedblueenough.But even in my room over the fire the thought of it sent the winds across me: So as I End no idea of leaving my only child an orphan I gave; up the accent. Let.it suffice to say we took up .our residence in Berlin, and remained content until tin; i:.g. \> o muml tne pension choice in every wav, especially as its accom modations permitted no more than two families to constitute its dwellers. When we first arrived a lady and her son, who were to leave the following week, we're in the apartment. . Jose 1 cared to show her pleasure at this, and it was to our comfort decidedly that when she felt in the mood she managed the oensioii. the poor frau looking oh helpless. She was thoroughly fearful of Jose. The boarder, a Mrs. Dunlop, was most social. While at supper one evening I was surprised to hear from her that the '.lady whom our frau: expected at her departure was a' Mrs; Fitz Alien. " ' " Fitz Allen. ! " I exclaimed, amazed. " Do you know a Mrs. Fitz Allen?" . . ; " I know a lady of that name, hut— slightly," Mrs. Dunlop laid down her cup. " She was, horefor a week last month, and left then to return uow. The rooms I have' arc for her. MRS. fi?z allen described. " Do describe her for me ; it is possible she is some one I know." Then and there I . told of seeing mv old friend in Paris, and together we woiidered if this Mrs. Fitz Allen were the same. I had talked with high enthusiasm, and Mrs. Dunlop had a deep tinge of colour in her cheeks.' She. was interested. "It would be strange if this really was: your friend, and I think it must he — for the name is uncommon." ;. " Describe her," j repeated. " Yes, describe her," put in Alaine. " Well, she was tall ; rather largo." " What colour of hair ? " I interrupted. . ' "Hair — hair?" Mrs".- Dunlop thought ; " black, and eyes blue." ".'Tisn'ttha same,", said Alaine positively, continuing her supper. " Our Mrs. Fitz Allen was short" , "Not at, all," I cried sharply., "Mis. Dunlop might call her tall." . , My friend, in truth, was short, but at that, moment the right impetus was given and the imaginative wheel set rolling. " And her eyes blue and her hair black." I went on enthusiastically. The road was down hill: " Wasn't she distingue ? As- a girl she was'a great beauty, but she has failed terribly. I heard she had a' great deal of trouble." Mrs. Dunlop's expression had varied at each word. She was now both embarrassed and restless. We waited some time for her to speak. "" Yes, I think it's true about her having had -trouble," she began. "She, she looks peculiar." Her hesitancy made me curious, but I kept quiet, and she had to go on. " She may have been pretty once ; yes, I think fine looking, but," fairly desperate, ".she's striking — hut not in the way you think." "You conscientious old soul — how I pity you !" I said to myself. Alaine looked up at her. . "Don't mind telling us if she is a little off ; Mamma won't care, it has been so long since she saw her." With a bright face Mrs. Dunlop glanced toward mo. I looked encouragingly. " Well, she was decidedly what you call 'off.' She was crazy, I believe. A lady whom she called her companion was always by her side." "Did she ever speak of having two daughters ?" "No, hut one day at dinner there was a young lady with her she mentioned as her daughter. She was fine looking." " Was her hair gold?" " No ; black, like Mrs. Fitz Allen's." " it can't he the same then, for my friend had two daughters, and one with yellow hair." We left the room together and separated at my door. 1ies. fitz allen alettes. " Her daughter may have been travelling, you know. I seldom spoke to her. Well, this day next week you will know. I shall he curious to hear." We shook hands, and I thanked her, and not another word was spoken between us of my supposed friend. The day came when Mrs. Dunlop departed, and Mrs. Fitz Allen arrived. For hours I had been resting, after an unusually severe attack of neuralgia, endea vouring to calm my shattered nerves. I lay on the sofa in my little salon, idly dozing under the. effect of the deepening twilight in the room, when our frau knocked for admittance. She came to my sofa. " Mrs. Carmen, I have spoken to Mrs. Fitz Allen of you, and Baid that it is possible that you were old friends. She begs she may see you." : " In a moment— in a moment. I must see if I am presentable." Bising, I looked carefully in the long mirror, while Jose brought in the lights. Satis fied, I again reclined on the sofa, drew up my bearskin rug, and gave my consent. I was aquiver with joyful anticipation. It was my friend. She had recognised me by one means or another, for a stranger would never send such a message. Jose had withdrawn, ancl from the next room through the closed door I heard Alaine reading aloud faintly. Since the new arrivals I had not seen my child. She was always strictly bidden to keep away while my suffering lasted, as my temper was usually ailing as well, so I knew nothing of her im pression of Mrs. Fitz Allen. Deciding it would do no harm to hear what she thought, I said loudly, " A1 " At that instant there came a knock on my door. "Herein!"! responded, tossed my bearskin aside, and (I am speaking honestly) went rapidly forward, and throwing my arms about the lady in the doorway, kissed her heartily on both cheeks. "My dear, dear friend!" I ensconced her in. a big armchair, and breathless, laughing, all eagerness, sank back on the sofa. "You can't imagine how glad, how happy it makes me to see you, -but so homesick!" With a splash on my hot cheek fell the tears. "I fear I have misled you. I thought at first it was .possible that we were old friends: I had hoped we were, but I cannot recall your' face." Each word in that peculiar strong, well-modulated voice cut me through. I felt the blood surge to my face, head, eyes';, deeply- embarrassed, I tried to apologise. : " Do forgive me ; but I am such an impulsive woman that the moment you. stood there in the doorway, waiting to be recognised, I saw in you my old friend and imagined there was a like ness. : I am very, very sorry, and trust you will not thin?,: me rude." well, she was " peculiae." Quietly, so quietly, with a pause between her words, she answered. ' : Don't apologise, please ; it is I who should. : lied you to think you were right. If any one is to blame I think it is the little frau. She said a lady who had known me in.my childhood was in the house,- and naturally. I pressed a meeting. I hoped at' last I would have a friend. Mrs. Carmen, I need the love of a friend." In writing these words are nothing, hut to hear them with those strange intonations, those, grieving eyes looking as they did beseechingly into mine ! The effect was potent — and that ex pectant corner of my heart was punctured through. Again the teais were trembling on my lashes. The reply which rose to my lips, however, I had strength enough to repress. I only said: — " Aie you from America, Mrs. Fitz ABpti ?" " We have not been home for years." But before going further let me show you my guest, exactly as she was sitting in the big green chair, her back to the light and very near mo. She was tall for a woman, but . finely propor tioned, and bore herself well'. Her hair, as Mrs. Dunlop has said, was black— it seemed to me rather carelessly and - even unbecomingly ar- ranged, meeting her black arched brows and curling about them. Her eyes were blue, a pale washed colour, looking . like a drop of bluing swimming underwater ; the lids were nink, with deep shadows underneath. Her complexion was red and blotched most pitifully. TTpt chin and mouth were firm hut delicately moulded, and from their rough aspect I suspected that she shaved. As a traveller I have been trained to take note of -persons at a glance ; but with Mrs. Fitz Allen I found this did not suffice. Her face required study, and even as I felt this ne cessary I was impressed by her manner, and it flashed across me: that the two did not agree'. The question which was false was left me to determine. Meanwhile we had been both asldn" and answering questions. I learned that she was to remain m.the city a few days, .and. that she was travelling .with a companion, a Mrs. , Bice. I was still ;in a high state of excitement. . My guest, the very personification of ease and com fort, sat erect in her chair. "Mrs. Carmen, you said that when vou saw me in the doorway you were sure you were right. Is'it possible that your friend has had trouble equal to mine ? Is she also a wreck ?" . . At that last word the blue eyes came ' out of their lake and flared at me a vivid purple, while over them the lids jerked up and down. For the first dime, odd as it may seem, . I recalled Mrs. Dunlop's-words, ' ' Slip is crazy. ' ' Was I not in danger ? ' I saw . tlie window near' the sofa, but I kuew I could not escape unless to death by it ; I aw the two doors in the room, and trusted? on' the one to my right as the easiest of access, 'while replying. "Ye3, my friend has had a great deal of trouble." - ' , 1 k33. "fitz allen's teouble. "Not like mine ; not awful, like mine !" ' That sad voice drove every thought of fear from my head. I was filled with pity. ' ' Have you been ill long ?" I said gently. _ Her expressive eyes add brow under the tightly arranged hair showed a deep gratitude. " Some time, - There are days and days when I cannot close my eyes— can hut walk the floor in agony., In such a weakened state has my iilnes3 left ine that no one who knew me once would recognise me now. My dear Mrs. Car men, I feeldrawn to you — speaking to you does me a world of good — a sympathetic soul at last!" The Ihst sentence came under .her breath. ; . <. Naturally impressionable I _ was. deeply touched. Strong and contending emotions were fighting in rue— curiosity, cowardice. I . would have given all I could to. flee, hutauother power, coupled with perhaps tlie strongest of my owu impulses, made me stay ; it was the woman's voice. "There are strange, strange things in this life of ours. The strangest thing of all, womaii : the next is man." She lifted her delicately-, veiuedhand. " There is a world, a great in habited space, peopled with sin in every form. Deception is supreme." She clasped herhands together. " Friend, will you listen to the story of my life? You will, when I say the re3twill be new life. You dare not refuse." She sat perfectly still and looked at me. " No," I answered faintly. " Ten long year's, ten long years, and come at last !" She smiled. Alaine was still reading in the liext room. I lio longer felt I was in the' presence of an insane person. The highly strung brain was no doubt verging toward insanity, hut as yet. Mrs. Fitz Allen only wandered. My child's voice sounded like protection. I propped up my pillows, . and by the act strengthened myself. " If it will help you, certainly I will listen." Unclasping her hands she stretched one out to me, then instantly drew it back, and a.s the lace fell from her wrist I could remark on its whiteness and strength. . She told her story.. ..." \Ve lived in New York city. Our family was myself, Tristrie and our two daughters. We were deep in fashion's clutches." She dropped her eyes to her hands. " There is nothing, my dear friend, new under the sun. I will not linger. Laurens Mantel— myself— was a young fellow used to money." ' " Was your wife's name Tristrie ?" I asked, humouring her. theeesa's disappeabance. " My wife's name was Tristrie." Steadily she gazed straight at me. " Was Tristrie," she re peated tenderly. Then, like a chUd heated in play, she threw back her head and raised her hand to brush away the hair from her forehead, when I was startled to see the other hand use and clasp the lifted one ; then both fall into her lap, the fingers once more clasped. ' ' I was at the head of a great railroad venture which but for me would have resulted profitably. I swindled the company, was found out and dis graced." "You mean your husband Laurens ; you are Tristrie," I said gently. "Laurens, yes, Laurens," her lips for the first time trembled. "Theresa, our eldest child, was a beauty and proud as Lucifer. In her own rights she was an heiress, for my brother had left her his property. The hour the truth reached us Theresa was walking up and down the long parlour, dressed to go out. I can tell you precisely what she had on— a blue cloth dress, a jacket braided in gold and a hat with cock plumes which shaded lier eyes. Her height was mine. A stranger seeing her would have remarked her glorioushealth ; hut I, who watched her constantly, would catch my breath many times a day to see the colour flee and a blue tinge in its place, when, as if to mock me, the bloom was there again. Jhst so that afternoon did she walk up and down, drawing on her gloves, when up to the door dashed her ponies, making a very thunder of a noise as they came. She started to leave the room, but I detained her, and then and there she heard all — never before having had a sus picion of such a thing. " Mother, good bye," she said. She kissed Tristrie several times, turned away from the great light in our eastern window falling through the stained glass, and went out to her pony carriage. The groom was sent to the stables, and she started off alone. Fire and fire — yes, it is ten years ago, and we have never seen her since." " Mrs. Fitz Allen, what do you mean ?" I lived in each word she uttered. That she was telling me her life I knew with less and less of effort. The trouble with names was of no account. I had hut to say to myself Tristrie when she said Laurens, and vice versa. She was showing what she had endured when shielding her husband; and now in her tor mented imagination she had come to believe that it was herself who had done the wrong, and that the disgraced name of Laurens was her own. At my startling question she said briefly : — ' ' Every word is true. Believe me wholly, or I stop." " I believe," I answered humbly. " The ponies and carriage were found next day at a strange stable. A boy had left them there. Wc could- learn nothing more, except that she had been to the bank and drawn 5,000dol. We did eyerything, hut could not discover a single clue. She had vanished com pletely, absolutely. We then came to Europe. We wandered"— she laughed a soulless laugh — " and found peace nowhere." Her brows lowered. " Justice thwarted is a hellish thing. We suffered from it." She lifted her hand, as if she feared 1 would speak, then laid her fingers on her lips and twisted them. the house at bellevue, saint-cloud. " Botribution overtook us when least ex pected, . decreed by no earthly judge, at a flace — vou have been there — at Bellevue Saint-Cloud." I uttered a shrill cry. What was coming ? I knew Bellevue Saint-Cloud well. " Don't be frightened, my dear friend." The power in her gentle voice made me ashamed and calmed me. " You know the Paris winters, how wet and ; dark they are. Well, that year it was unusually ,bad. . For , two Uolid months the sun never shone. :The day it returned in the morning we were walking hy; the river, when Judith took .the notion to go up the Seine. The little boat was blowing her last whistle when we went on hoard. At Saint-Cloud we landed with every one else, and talcing one of the carriages wait ing near, we started off for a drive. We stayed but a short time in the village, then entered Bellevue Saint-Cloud. We soon left the houses behind us and drove up a steep hill. The view from there was fine, and we stopped to enjoy it. Judith— I am remembering everything exactly — threw her arms around my neck and drew our attention to a closed house on our right. ' Let us spend the summer there ; nothing can disturb us, and the air is good. ' My wife and I agreed at once ; we didn't care where we were. From a priest in the village we found the house was to let, so he thought — he was new to the place— and for years. The agent's address in Paris was given to us. We returned to the city an hour later, and in a week's time we stood on the threshold of that house, with our scanty luggage and two servants, a man and his wife. The agent was there to meet us. Me had opened the doom and windows, and as the sun was out there was was plenty of light within. For the first time we went over the house. The rooms were rather handsomely furnished, hut smelled musty, so I knew they had been shut for a long time. The house was peculiarly siuiated — you may remember, Mrs. Carmen?" The words fell with a slight hissing sound. I had placed the dwelling at once. I remembered when driving past, as I had often done while summering in Saint-Cloud, thinking it a very pretty little hotel, hut too lonely looking. I re called also that being on the hili the front door opened on level ground, while the back of the house, owing to a rise of the ground, waslower. I _ remembered, too, the outlook from its windows down into the village. " You mean that one side was lower than the other ?" "Exactly. So that judging liy the front view only we were expecting a large house, whereas we found a . small one; large enough for- us, however. Judith took the rooms on the second floor, my wife and T those on the third,' while on the ground floor n.ear the kitchen the servants were to sleep. From my bedroom door, which was at the head of the stairs, I could look into my daughter's' rooms : and thus satisfied I began setting things in brier. , It is growing late, but that does not matter. ' I "shall ne tor have another opportunity." " " Go on, Mrs.' Fitz !AHen,"T cried in all im patience. " Whatis itr-ghosts ! ; the hidden window. ' For a moment she seemed- thoroughly real- tier laugh was natural.. _ " You are lifting the weight, and soon it will \- rise so as to he endured. Lovely Mrs. Carmen, I thank : you, bless . you ! " "Then again her voice grew strained and low. " We were not' in our rooms a day before a restless fit seized me and I went to work to move the furniture 'about. 'The armoire was -badly placed, away . from the light. Thefirst thing I did was to push it between the two windows. Turning round I was dumfounded. Where the armoire had been was a large window, securely boardedover and thickly covered with dust. My wife grew white about the lips. I only muttered ' Odd,' and seizing a hammer I forced away the wood. A vine had grown across the opening. - ;It was of such thickness that only with difficulty could I chop it down. Tristrielaid her hand on my shoulder. Together, and silently, we stood looking forth on as heavenly a view as mortals may hope to see, while on us blew the fresh, pure air. Simul taneously we drew a deep breath before turning away. My wife wanted to know at once what I supposed the window had been boarded up. for. ' " You are Tristrie and your husband Luurais."' again I added. "Tes ; that's it," she said impatiently. "I told herl couldn't imagine. The thing puzzled me, hut I didn't care to have her know that. It was probably a week after, and we were at dinner. : The hour was always half-past seven. Our house,-:-, like so . many.? French houses, had., closets cutin the walls. They were unuoiiceable 'except for the small 'brass Icii'oh. There was one of these closets near my wife's seat, its door continually swinging back and forth.' Tlie.- night before I had spoken. to the servant" about it. I now sharply called liiih 'to account again. He stepped forward and shut it at once, turning the key in the lock. I was surprised to sec that he looked alarmingly white. I said something about, the stupidity of servants. As I spoke a draught of.wiud whirled by my feet. , The door was wide open and swinging gently ! I turned to tiie servant. He was changing the dishes with hands trembling with fright. He kept his face from my sight. I said nothing, and neither Tristrie nor Judith remarked anything changed. Early the next morning the servants gave notice that they wished to leave. I called the man to me. ' "What is tlw matter ? Are your .wages not sufficient ? I will double them.' ".'Pardon, Monsieur ! The moneyis abundant. Monsieur and Madame are kind. " Will Monsieur permit us to go ?' . the sobbing wohan. . . "' T said no. more. The man looked really iil. ' You can leave to-night, but not before the new- servants will be here.' He was profuse in his thanks. ' I went -'down' to she sitting room ; my coffee was steaming, ;in its bowl on the table. Tristrie and Judith were drinking their choco late. The windows were all open; and we were on a level with the garden flowers. As I took my - seat I, was shocked to see our child looking white and exhausted, and. carefully watching my , wife I saw she was labouring under great excitment. The single thought of Judith's delicate health warned me to he guarded in my questions. A nervous shock to her would prove fatal. I picked up my Figaro and began reading, stopping every now' and then to tell them some bit of news. Twice Judith sighed. The third time I laid aside my paper. She began at once:— ' " 'Papa, need I sleep inmy room any longer ? Please, please don't let me !' "'What on earth are you talking of ? Not sleep in your pretty room? Nonsense!' I answered. ' ' She raised her eyes. They were swollen and heavy from lack of sleep. 'I'm so tired,' she said. ' There's a woman who keeps coming to my room every night. She won't let me sleep. She keeps walking up and down, wringing her hands and sobbing so.' Then she came to me, put her arms about my neck and cuddled into my lap. I looked at my wife. She was calmly drinking her chocolate. I saw her idea and at once began talking on a commonplace topic. In five minutes J uditli was asleep. I laid her on the lounge and left my wife seated near while I strolled in the garden. I had taken th9 hotel for three months. The idea of losing my money was not pleasant. What was the matter with things? The very thought of ghosts Was ridiculous ; neither my wife nor I believed in them. Thinking thus I felt my spirits rising. The excitement which brought me out of the beaten track was to be courted. I determined to remain unless Judith should continue in her present state. The mysteries, if there were any, should he discovered ; they had a reckless enemy in myself. Having thus made up my mind I went back to my wife.- ' " Why do you keep making yourself out to be a man ?" I broke in impatiently. She unhooked her fingers. "Don't torment me. 0, Mon Dim / the chain is broken !" She pressed her hands to her temples and bowed her head. Gieatly alarmed, I was speechless. Let her call herself what she would, nothing should induce me to interrupt her again, I silently vowed. With a painful effort she raised her head, and hesitating with each word, con tinued : — mysterious sights. " The lamps were lighted and we were in.my room. On a cot by the bed Judith lay asleep, for I had decided to humour her whim. It was after eleven, and the servants were in their rooms. I looked up from the pages of the French novel I was reading to see the time. Something moving in the darkness caught my sight. A light was entering my daughter's bedroom door! A giant's strength possessed me. I rose like a panther, and. without a particle of noise seized a lamp from the mantel and was down the stairs in a trice at the door. There was the moving light', now at the head of Judith's empty bed, now at the foot. I stood as if made of marble, and in the intense silence plainly, painfully, heard a woman's convulsed sobs — one, two. three, four, five — heating with my heart's blood. I sprang with one leap toward the light, ready to grapple with its bearer — the glimmer, the sobs had gone. I threw my lamp's rays into every cranny, every spot in that room — nothing. I reached the doorway; the lamp slipped from my grasp, the glass crashed at my feet, the unexplosive oil curled about them. Calmly I went to my room. My wife looked up startled and asked who it was who had broken a lamp. I told her I had done it while in Judith's room, making a pretty mess on the floor. My face told no tales. She continued her reading." Mrs. Fitz Allen was speaking more calmly than ever, with a deadly calm indeed. The control of her features and her voice was marvellous. T doubted whether she could he human, while I lost myself in the woman and her story. " My'wife slept that night in the adjoining room. It was midnight. I awoke with a feeling of suffocation. Tristrie was bending over me. ' Come to the next room,' she began, ' I must speak to you.' She pointed to Judith. "Without a word I got up and drew on my dressing-gown. Seated on the bedside my wife waited. She had on a wrapper, hut I saw that she was stiff with cold. I took a . decanter of brandy and a glass with me. The first thing I did when we were alone was to give'her a good draught of the liquor. The next was to make the room as bright as day by lighting three big lamps. Then going to the door I half closed it that Judith might not be awakened. My wife was by my side in an instant. -- " 'No.' She flung back the door. 'For God's sake -let me see the child?' I led her hack to ner seat. " ' Now what is it ?' I Gaid, and sat down. " ' It's this,' and with that she bared her right arm. - ' H. " I was shocked. The arm was black and blue from the shoulder to the elbow, and red from there to the wrist. I raised it gently and looked close. I saw livid marks of long, taper ing fingers deep in the flesh — the fingers of a woman! . I could not speak ; I only motioned her to cover it up.. This is exactly what she said: — "She had been asleep some time, she felt sure of that, when there came a touch on her arm, half awakening her. Thinking she. had been dream ing she slept again, to be awakened the second time by a pull on her wrist. Slie lay in a dozing state for perhaps half an 'hour, when- she became; again unconscious. The next thing she knew she was being jerked from her bed by terrible force, and heard distinctly some one sobbing. Fully awake now she started to come to me, then turned back (Tristrie is a woman without nerves and strong as iron). She entered the room, picked up her wrapper and looked about. There was nothing she could see. Then she decided to wake me. Sh'e'told me the story, and for some time after she had finished neither of us spoke. Then I a'sked if she wished to leave the house. She said ' No' at once.. ' If we stay a- little longer the mystery may reveal itself.' I answered that I should make it do 60. We didn't return to rest, but sat talking until it j was time to dress. As early as nine "o'clock we left for Paris to see a.physician. My wife's . arm had grown very painfui and was badly, swollen. We saw the doctor. ; i(I knew the' doctor well, as would any one who. has ever lived in' Paris, and for this reason I withhold his name.) As he examined the arm he scanned. me fiercely. ' Never inmy practice of forty years have 1 6een such strained muscles as these. The arm is nearly jerked from the socket ; immense force, immense force has been used.' He kept repeating these words disconnectedly and glaring- at me. Had it not been for Tr.-is trie's pleadifig face I should have probably knocked the man down. As it was, I left him to his pleasing thoughts of a husband's cruelty. After an hour we joined Judith waiting in the carriage. She had been told that her mother had hurt her arm during the nightta-nd therefore showed no surprise at its bandages. For several days nothing disturbed us. Judith: continued to improve, and had my wife not been constantly before me with her arm in a sling, I should have thought we had been deftly imagining it. all, but as' it was, we waited for what might follow'."'' ' " theresa?-'- again. She here brought the first finger and thumb of each hand together, raised' them to her eyes as goggles and peered through at the floor. " Who believes in Spiritualism ? Fools, I am not one of you ! " She dropped her hands and began a,gain in the old meditative manner. " Tristrie and I were sitting near the window, she reading, I twirling about oh the revolving i chair before my writing desk. A small gold ! oencil bung on my watch chain. Absently I ! loosened it 'and fell to drawing circles on a pad' ? ! lying near. The day's heat was barelyendurabl'e. I had drawn two circles and was half thrcsigh. with the third — something caught hoid of my » list ! I i'eii cold, long lingers over mine, my breathing was nearly sti:iid, 1 was made to write, made to form letters on my paper with numbed faculties I saw I had before me, in my. own handwriting, my lost child's name, 'Theresa;' and atrits s-de,- ' Cemetery, East End.'.-The jiand lilted from mine. To the floor the pencil rolled. A shriek broke through tlie room. Prose iii ' time to' prevent ' my wife from falling in a dead .faint. She .had been looking over my shoulder. Hair aii hour later, arm in ari:i,wc stood in the cemetery at the East End. Before us was a slab of marble spotlessly pure, and deeplv engraven in the stone we read the name ' Theresa.' Her father and piotber, in maddening silence, faced it. Sunj birds, green grass, flowers — curse, curse vou all ! ..How you mocked me that fearful, fearful hour ! Under the semblance of rest -and purity she was laid there. Her soul — was it biack or white ? Was this sunny grave the real impression of her life or was it there only to mock me? Mock me, the father who had been its cause ? Why had she led us to this place ? What did her sobbing mean ? What the window with . the hoards across it? MadamejT never knew ! " Carefully her fist fell on the arm of her chair. ";My wife laid, her hand on my shoulder. Tier thought had not been mine. ' Laurens, her life was good. Her resting-place is blest.' I i'n'ced her fiercely. ' Do you believe that or are you— — ?" " ' I believe it.' She said it as her hand rested on the Bible- — under oath— and then I did, too. We helped the village priest to look over his books, and in one of theni, written by : his former brother, we found that ' Theresa Mantel had died January 6.': After question-, ing the villagers we heard but little more. They told us that in the great place on' the hill (they were such simple folks that it seempd great to them) a beau tif ill madame had died and was buried in their churchyard yonder. That she had left money and orders to the priest to erect her monument we could but guess, but my wife's belief ismine— that she had." . mes. fitz allen's attendant. As soon as Mrs. Fitz Allen said this she rose to go. Though she was siicily- exhausted her face looked as if, a burden had indeed been lifted. " Where is Judith ?" I asked, rising tot). "Judith is a young lady now and is travel ling with -an old governess." She laid my hands in hers and caressed them. she drew me toward her, I thought to kiss me, when with a sigh she turned away. " I am afraid my story has excited you. Take a dose of bromide, as I shall have to do, or I should not sleep to-night, nor do I think you would." I thanked lier and said perhaps it would he best. " Kind friend" — she brought her face close to mine — "I could love you." She seemed to have reached the door in one step, for I was amazed to find her gone, abruptly gone. I looked at my watch and found she had been with me two hours. It was half -past six. The supper hell rang immediately. Jose came in and I ordered her to bring my tea to the room. Alaine in a short time made her appearance. " Do you know, mamma, Mrs. Bice has been dreadfully frightened about Mrs. Fitz Allen ? She missed her half an hour ago, and has been on the drive ever since hunting her up — not until this very moment did she meet her, and where do you suppose? in her own salon. I was in the hall and heard Mrs. Bice asking, asking all out of breath, 'Where, where have you been ?' " " 'I have been calling on Mrs. Carmen,' Mrs. Fitz Allen said in the haughtiest way. "Has she really been with you all this after noon? Do you like her ?'? ' ' She is a pleasant lady, ' ' I said nonchalantly. " Glad you think so. Ifir.dher — hah!" And a very demon's face the child made as she shrugged her shoulders. "Jose, is it mademoiselle's bed hour?" I called. " Out, madame ; oni, vencz ici mademoiselle /" Alaine made me a deep courtesy, theu on tip toe, her head well back, she stalked out of the room " a- la Fitz Allen !" she cried, closing the door. On after thought the bromide had no effect. Though I dozed heavily I passed a horrible night. m. It was the middle of summer when Alaine, Jose, and myself sat on the deck of : theDeutscher Kaiser steaming up the Khine. We had passed Assmannshausen and were to stop directly at Bingen. Our wraps lay orderly close by, for the day was cloudy, with occasional rain. On landing we went" at once to the hotel Bellevue, which stood at the liver's hank. We remained at Bingen three days ; our intended stay had been for five. We left most suddenly. Why ? After breakfast on the third day we started for a long walk. The weather was superb. We lingered for some time in the country, and when we at last turned hotelward it was nearing the hour: of noon. We walked idly along the river's edge enjoying thoroughly the beauties of the sceneiy ; Alaine, skipping at my side, was pitching stones into the water. We passed few people, for the sun was growing hot and dinner time approaching. Several rods ahead we saw a woman swiftly running ; reaching the river's hank she j umped far out into the Bmne. Before we could realise what had occurred she appeared in the middle of the river. We saw for an instant a hat, a face, a mass of black hair, then only a sheet of glistening water. At that very moment there stood on the hank another woman. Before one of us could speak all this happened. The woman began scream ing in horrible anguish. Each word we heard distinctly. " Laurens, Laurens, swim ! swim ! Think of me, your wife Tristrie, your wife. Oh, Laurens, my husband, 3vvim !" People were now running from everywhere. If they heard her words they took no notice, hut to me they brought a revelation. Alaine, with eyes starting from her head, caught me by tlio dress "See that? No, there, there, floating by?" A black wig, a woman's wig. Mrs. Fitz Allen's unbecoming hair was bouncing gayly along, sent by the wind over the Bhine. The body was never recovered. It was not until the next day that the search "began. The drowned lady was a stranger and the only person she had been seen with was not to be found; Tristrie, alias Mrs. Bic9, had fled. "We left Bingen that night. The sight we had of the Bhine was lasting. Alaine beseeched to go. A friend at my request then returned to America, hunted up old papers and found that years hack, in New York city, Laurens Mantel had been arrested for high swindling operations, sentenced, and escaped from prison. After all, my poor Mrs. Fitz Allen had told me the true story of her life, and in her excitement exposed what I was loath to believe, and what she had tried to conceal so ma,nv vears — she was. en verite — a man.- —J\rew York Jlerald. 