Ths Fcsfst Eenoa. OR WILD MAN OF THE WOODS. Continued. Without replying the youth ad dressed shouldered his rifle, and, followed by Lightfoot, struck off into the forest for the purpose of getting game for supper. ' Game's mighty scarce about thete parts it seems,' re marked Frank, breaking the silence for the first time since starting. The only answer he received was a warning glauce from his companion, who whispered, ' Be ready, something ahead.' Croeping cautiously and stealthily along, they were startled to hoar a uollow booming sound, as of distant thunder ; accompanied by the crashing of underwood, like some wild creature searching for fuod. Lightfoot went cautiously forward a few yards in advance, then, suddenly stoppod and gszed transfixed at a certain spot, as though he were paralysed. Becoming curious, 'Mildmay crept stealthily up close to his. companion, with, rifle levelled, as though he ex pected a sud Jen attack from a horde of hostile savages. What a sight met his gaze ! Sitting on a fallen tree about 30 yards in front of them was a fiend — a demon — with matted locks hanging carelessly down his naked back, his fierce glow ing eyes peering all round him. His long nails, just discernable in the fast falling shades of night, tearing un the loots of plants, and. his long claw like hands conveying them to his gaping mouth, combined with his monkey-like movements, to give him the appearance of an incarnate fieud : an evil spirit. He sat thus for a few moments, then arose and began wandering aimlessly and carelessly abont, accompanying all his actions with that indescribable sound which had at first attracted the astonished hunters to the spot. Continuing this for a short time he again sat down like a wild beast robbed of its freedom and sucaged. Peering all round he suddenly perceived the two observers, ami after gazing for a. moment in surprise, he tur.ied and started off with the speed of an arrow. ' Follow him,' shouted Mildmay, as he dashed off iu mirsnib, which, as he continued, only showed was useless, for be never taw sight or sound of this Wild Man of the Woods sixain that night. Lightfnot still continued in a state of extreme excitement, having -all :he superstitions which characterise the Indian race fully aroused. Finally rousing up, they started off back to the camp to tell the wondrous ad venture that had befallen them, and were fortunate enough to meet with a herd of antelopes, so that tho.y were enabled to appease the wrath of Fireaway, who, had they returned empty-handed, would have taken no excuse, however good it might be. ' Halloa,' ejaculated one of the men, in a manner that indicated that surprise was reigning supreme, and dispelling all else ironi his mind, ' Have you seen a ghost ?' ' Why,' exclaimed auother, ' you ai*e as white as a mud ball coated with snow.' For answer Frank began relating the remarkable sight that met their wondering gaze in the forest. When he had finished, aud the speculation which was sure to attend such a tale, had reached the end of its tether, he continued : ' Lads, to-morrow I intend to set out on an expedition to capture this remarkable specimen of humanity.' ' We can't afford time to follow up all your whims and fancies youngster,' growled Fireaway.' ' It's not a whim or a fancy, but a reality,' as Lightfoot can tell you, urged Frank, ' and I now invite you all to accompany me, aud aid in the rescue of the poor creature, who is by nature placed, in this awk ward predicament. Who will join me?' Instantly a chorus of 'I will' broke the silence of the woods, and re-echoed back with startling effect on this company of hardy androagh men, who showed their sympathy by so unanimously volunteering to aid their youthful comrade in bis mission of symathy, curiosity, and love. At dawn next morning Lightfoot and Frank, together with wore than ! half the party of trappera (ihe iest, ' including Fireaway, remaining to guard the traps) might have been seen following the trail of their last night's acquaintance. Following his treks, they came upon a bed of leaves and branches of trees, whieh showed that he had rested there the proceeding night. Oa observing this the ludian guide exclaimed : ' He's somewhere near, for he can't have travelled far to-day, aud he must have stopped for break fast, perhaps on the banks of this stream, I'll go forward and see.' The party halted, while the Bed skin, with a caution and cunning that a snake might have been proud of, ap proached, and returned almost im mediately with information that lie (the wild, man) was swimming across the river towards them. This pro duced a great deal of excitement and coufusion, all wishing to get a glance at this ferocious being. Frank (as leader and directory gave orders to extend into a circle, with their object of capture as centre. Gradually, and at an equal rate, they were to enclose aud thus entrap their victim. Being accustomed to stalking animals of timid disposition they succeeded so well, that they had con tracted iulo a circle of 50 yards in diameter, without arousing then object of pursuit from the reverie into which he seemed to have fallen. Nearer aud nearer they crept, until they could see the fierce glare in his blood-shot eyes, and behold his hideous features, which were lighted up with a gorgouiau grin, or contorted into horrible shapes. To he an'imvd. 