B UNE VOIR N T A 6' YL UM The usual v" early meeting of the Bonpvn lent At,, the una limit! on Thursday, there being present Meum, 1 Gurion (in the chair), J. Britten, A. Sturrock, W. Finnie. J. Clarke, Dtiigttn, 1'. Uliinhki, C. Cook, XV. Jiillrny, Dillon, and Mr urn.. The medical officer reported the number in the hospital is 118 miles unit 151 (causes. The superintendent reported in the institution-Millen, 135 6 females, 2 H 'Um amount collected for the week was JeJO 18s. Up to date there had been collected this year £1,922 5-1 6d., as against £1,920 15st. IKI. last year. Donations were received at tmiRti/liui from Messrs. Melville, Mullen, un Iblmle. With regard to the case of a man named William Su. ern, referred enquiry to the Chii'llyOniaiiiaiitton Society, and who stated he had 80 acres of land at Macedon, the Society reported that he was not a fit subject, as his relatives were well off The chairman measure that he he admitted for a short period, which view was concurred in by Mr. Rattray. Mr. P. Blashki eipre'Biiot himself as strongly opposed to horse admissions in the face of the Charity Organisation Society's report. Mr, Jaffray moved that Siyors he admitted for two nuiiitiiH. Mr. Illuslilti moved as an amend ment that he be not admitted, in the UBI him was not meant to be a lodKiiiK-liouee tot people who had property. It was decided to postpone the time of bases till next week. Four men were admitted to the asylum. Messrs. Robert 0. Thompson and A. Sturrock were enrolled as life governors of the institution. A " GHOST cure " in Berlin recently assumed the character of an epidemic. A Billy are hysterical girl named That its kind seen a, ghost, and iiiiiucilhitcly Hill fair schoolfellows, and the e Inhlten up a score of other eckuuh, were afflicted with a similar flushed. 'Then the nation Fitchett the suburbs, and spread so fast that it may claim to the educational dignitaries. to even -should a (fire, frightened by the slipping; of a 'window curtain, communicate 1 her nervous near to the rent of the scholars, until some- v Irvine like a panic ensued, 