SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHiS. (PALL MALT. nussair.) Spritnaliasm has rceivrled a great impetus, by the exhibition of phbtographs of spirits tince the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once began to hove strange visions, -asndedaen thujbelief that lhoiaraver trieoky mediums might be, the photogrpl~oic plaot emin7flls-i't-a~rrirTneror 5"~ d to adopt the Ball6ouianiw habit of oaoucetliug the trth However seopteal a person may be, ahoald he visit the studio of ilr. iaimon, in East Putney, he will be inclined to nuodam " There are more things in heaven and earth than are dsieanmt of in our philo sophy." There will be shown by tho eonr toah artis ap'hoin"riph of a young ou who committed ?u in agarden. the bottle tat cmtained the fatal ludanunm lying on thle gnad near his hand. Over the body hCavere this Otorastllc odidl optret, irla'r er prssaing pity for the shy beneath. heo spirit, npalpable and misty. is what the Scotah call the wraith, a belief that has been handed down from the anect Egyptians. Another photog~raph is that of a manm seated at a table, while oeosite, with the head r~sting on itrs elbows, sits a spirit. So immaterial is the latter that the part at the tablo between its b'ody ii a epiot has a body) and elbows ean be seen throah the arims. SeCores of other photo grapb were shown to the intiwviewer-spirits hovering round persons, loating in the air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, some sed, some with uplifted fin'er as if unrning against disaster. "But surely the people who receive such vilthnts snffer considerable neirous ;rostora tion, and they certainly look happl?er than the apir s?" The artist, with a latugh, repied. , "They never seethe soiite at all. I manufacture the lghost myself. i. expect yon to be nrptsrd, but I hope not as indig nmnt as a Oele?b?etd lady in the spiritealitic world, who saled upon me a foF days ago. Shie was a firm believer in spiriuahtsm, sad was partly sonvertel by somed of my pIblished photogsphs. Having hunted me for some time sihe found me here, and ,wantedr me to pho~ g tp the spirits wo visited her. She rearded me with some amount of awe as a dealer in the uneirany sights of the world; bau her reverence soon disapparend when I explained my process." "eIow do you pr?cduee a spirit photo grraph ?"--" Weall, thee are several ways. This one," he said, pointing to a man in a chair asleep with a spirit standing near thim, '" was done by first photsorap'ning a man in the ordinary weay with abla?k doarth bak graonl. Then uoher. person dr?ped .in rghosthly g~arments stands in the rquired position, ut a Ettle out of foens to prevent the outlm?es being too sharp and e-r pureal. ~ight sla then anly ou the spirit, and the same negobive as used before is ox poseda second isne, and all the rest of the field being black, the spirit only is photo graphed. sourse, the scond exposure is longee than with ordinary amount of light, but this adds to the glostlinUes." " But ho do you make them so impal p.ble and unisnny?" "The room mnust be poerfoeotly dark, and an the ghost only a myE of sunlight aill; while close to ilue lens a sheet lf line ganzo is hnug, and it is the ganzs which gives a slow-like, luminous oppessasae to the spirlt's atlinss." .-"?rTtisi aaaate decetaadceiiok eon, for iti? hrbod daylight, and yet tihe spirit is ad dreastrig the man in the fgarden seat, and the ruile of the seat san' be seen thnouglh the spirit's formn?"-'-"No. in schr a pCturo I hoave to take the photog~nph and ,xpvtse it a second time, the man still in the anne position, nly the ghost is addei. If ghost and man were taken together, tlhe rails would not appear throagh res spirit's flrm. I have atill another method. Look at lthis." It was a pathetie photogoph at a lady looking with piteous eyes at the head of a hihld posed as if oaming headforemnost from heaven. "Th.s is a popularrone," said the artist. " sutgges tre of the latereoorae between liviig and deud, but the most material of all in prepara tion. 'The spirit head is only that of a wax doll, rather out of focus, to prevent it being ergonised as snh. This is photegraphed firest, and the plaee?oan the g~round gles out sde the plate is marked, so that when the titter smon she takes ench a position that the an4 heand ready to greet her, whenit is printedoff, is not interfered with at the ??eond oxpomnre. A sdimilar method is ued in this one. It was ealled 'The Ghastof the Bil hard-rrme,' in which the foreranner of Rlober is standing at the elbow of a player, whether to mar or make the stroro does not apper."' . , . " tadiunis do not bless yoe, Mr. Sa"hon, I suppose " " io, I a natheuss to themr, btt next month some spirit phlotograplhs:ua tobe reprodtl?d in the ' medium' to a girl sEen at severeal stesd nd markd with a sabre out on her Ric, proving her identity. I shall also with a stroke of paint oen my spirit's face prdlase some photographs simihar to those romnised next month, and I anl quite sure ihey will be prodoned in thie aims way. The aboe ashotLOh was taken yesterday, tihe hand of death covering the lady's faco, which pau be seen through the oy aess i tehe pitoti .... .. 