AUTHOR'S NOTE. In the summer of 1887 I amine apon a pamphlet published by The Time» five yean previously, Riving an aeooant of the pene cution of the Jem in Russia in 18S1. At about the samo time I found in th« Ilrooklijn Timtt (U.S.) a tragic incident in the alleged career of a Jewel«, which reallied ta my mind a grim passage of Russian history. These three records inspired the story 1 have just concluded. It oouarred to me to find in the one village of Russia where the Jews had for a time lived unmolested, a heroine who, falling undor the lash of Russlsn persecution, ehould survive the keenness of human afflictions, to become under very dramatio sod romantic circumstances, the instrument of Divine vengeance upon her enemy, »nd probably a type of the tierce injustice which chsracierises the civil and military government of Rustía. My inspiration for this tragic figure sprung from the following usrrative, .elated as absolutely true by Charles J. Rose hault, in the Brooklyn Time» during tho month of June, 1SS7 : "Not far from the police station on Elizt beth Street is a larne three-story bi lek buildinc. Years ego it waa a handeome dwellii.g, but time aud the small boy have played havoc with its facade, doon, windows, and railing, lt is oecnpied by a well-to-do Kunian, who yean ago fled his native land for alleged complicity iu some plot against the Czar, lc has long bren the rendezvous of political refugees of both sexes, KursUne, Nihilists, Polish Liberaron, French Com- munards, German Socialists, and Cosmopolitan Anarchists, The circle met there is composed of educated and clever people. Nearly all arc excellent linguists and more or less successful in trade, literature IT protestions! life. Owing prohibly to the terrible scenes in which they have been acton all are more or less eccentric in behaviour, speeoh, or ideas. Not long ttnee a party of a dt.z/u men and women were spending the evening in the large old faehiouod parlour. All ainoked, a few sipped Ilia vitriolic Vodka between th» whiff« of their cigarettes, while all the rest assuaged thirst with the cheap winea of the Khiaa aud Moselle. The conversation had been political and literary rather than anecdotal in character, and had flagged until the norn waa almnet ellem. The only perenn speaking waa a handsome Jewesa of 24 or 23, whose name or font itt guerre was Theadora Urnavitacn, Sha wa« of a rare type of that race, being a superb blonde with bright golden hair, larg« lustrous blue eyes, and exhibiting tho powerful figure and splendid health which characterise the Hebrew women to eu remark' ablo a degree. A« ehe paused at the end of an argument and drained u glass of Joeuph. shoefer, someone asked, " What made you a Nihilist. Dora?" i " Nothing very remarkable to us Russians, " she replied. " I'beloug to a good family in a small Town In the Warsaw Province. I married the ltabbi of our Synagogue, aud we were very happy for a few mouths. The Czar then made a chango, and sent down a new Governor from St. Petersburg to replace our old one, who was a good aud just man, although a Mussian General. The new co'ner liad every vice, end no virtue of any kind, ile was au bad and cruel that our friends and relative« 'Wrote ua when he came warning us against him. My husband the next Sabbath, iu the synagogue, told our people about him, and advised them to bo over cautious iu not violating any one of tha thousand tyrannical laws with widen ws were cursed. Though he Spoke in Hebrew, for fear of spies, S'uneoos betrayed him sn the Governor. He was arrested, tried, flogged on the publia square into insensibility, and sent to Siberia for life. I was present when he underwent his agony, and sluod it until I became erased. I broke throu.b the crowd to the wretch of an official, and cursed him and his master, the Czar, and swore vengeance against both. I, too, was arrested, tried at court martial, and sentenced to receive one hundred blows Mitti tits rod in thc publia square. I, a woman, was taken by druuken Sluuj.ks and heathen Cossacks to the place, tied by my bauds to tho whipping-p..st, my clothing t"ru from my body to the waist, and beat, li before all the soldiery and tho people of tne town. At the tweutiuth blow I fainted, hut the ropes held mo up, ami the full hundred were counted on my body, Tliey cut mo down, rubbed rock »alt eiïd water an I some iron that eats like fire into my back tn s'np the bleeding, and carrig me to the hoepital. I lay there two months, and waa discharged. 1 had but one idea then, and tint was vengeance. Dy patience I managed to get employment in the Governor's Palace as a seamstress. Ona alternoon he was ID his bath, and hs sent for towels. Tho attendant was tired, and 1 volunteered to take th^m. I throw them over my arm, and under thom I held a long stiletto, sharp aa a needle. I entered the room, and he waa reading and smoking in the hath. 1 laid the towels by his aide with my 1-ft hand, and at the next moment with my right I drove the kolfe through his heart. lt was splendidly doo«. Ho never made a sonud aud I eiaiped to thia land. Tnat la why I am a Nihilist. Un any of you d<.ubi J" Shu sprang excitedly from lier ch.ir, aud lu half a minute Iud bared herself to the waist. The front of her form from neck to belt might have pasee I aa tho model of the Venue di Milo. Hut the back ! Kidgea, welts, and furrows that crossed »nd Interlaced as if out oat with a red-hot iron, patches of white, (rroy, pink, blue, sud angry red, holes aud hollows with hard, hideous edges, half visible rlhi »nd tho cd ¿es of ruiued muscles, and all of which moved, contracted, and lengthened with the swaying of her body. There waa a gasp from everyone present. The aged host rose, silently kissed her on the forehead, and helped her to put on ber garments. Then again the wine patsed round, and what secret toasts wero made as the party drank wilt never he known." The historio chapter which thia newspaper paragraph brought to my u.ind was the story uf Madame Lapoukin ; the briefest account of which ia probably the following, from The Knout, by (Jermain rle Lagny : In 1760, under the reign of the indolent a',d, luxurious (elisabeth, who bail abolir/led capital punishment. Madame Lspouk°,n, a woman of raro beauty, of which the 'Jjjrina waa envious was condemned to the '^Dout and transportation, lu spite of the privilege of the nobility never to suffer the fo.tier punish. mont. She bsd been feted, oa'.tssed, and run after at court, and had, it w« eoU\, betrayed the eecrot of the Kmpr<".v'i iictfou, with Prince Hazoumowsky. B'je wai conducted by the executioners^ to Vne publip square, where she was exposer ty one of them, who lolled up Ihcrehc'j'ue ss tur aa her wist : he then placed he-* upon hie shouldors, when auother arranged iierwithhle ooaree dirty ba.ud< in the required pusttiQ i, obliging har ta held her head down, while a man of the lower olaaaea, aquattlng at her {set, kept her leg« «till. The executioner alfi har {Uah, toto ehredi by one hundred. | «'{Okel of tl)«' knout, from the shoulders U> tbs luwer uoftieu of tho loins. After tbs I infliction oj th» punishment, her tongue, was toro out, md a short time subsequently »lie vat sent to Siberia, w hence tue was .?."ailed itt JT8» by Pater Iii. Vor tbs successful developmmt tot that* |oumali«tio literary and h ia tori cal is in sod , suggestions Into a tull thia* volmija novel, i with truthful as sjel, M,. 0->t***o'.srlstle aoosssorlss, lt waa neoeaaaty t^at I should make a study .ot Budín Valises Mit, and rs ii freih ta* nunnery with é¿0\ chapUrs of |! fiojilaj history si shota'.d, Mabls meto hoty i my imaginary characters and their action« within the reasonable control uf probability. I wu already fairly well acquainted with tome of the belt work» of Kunian fiction, j which are full of strong local cobar and Sae characterisation. Gogol's stories more parti- cularly, but In order that I might not stray from ths path of truth any further than is reasonably permlnible, I followed up the narrative of The Times. In the files of the Daiit/ 'telegraph and the Janith Chronicle ; traced the anti Jewish riots throughout their lurid march ol firs and bloodshed ; talked to several travelled authorities as to their experiences of Jewieh life io Southern Russia ; sud settled down to a careful study of the literary, topographical, nnllllosl and his- tories! literature of the subjeot, in the course of which for the purposes of thia story I have coualted and read "Ihs Jaws and their Persecutors," by eugenie Lawrence ; " Scenes from th« Ghetto," by Leopold Kompert ; " The Knout and the Kussiana," by Germain de Lagny ; " Elisabeth, or the Exiles of Siberia," by Madame Cottin ; " Itu««!« under the Czars" by Stepinak ; "Pilton Life In Siberia" and "Crime and Punishment," by Pednr Doatoiffiky ; " The Russian Itevolt," by Edmund Moble ; " The Jews of Barnow," by Karl Emil Kranzoa ; " Ruaaia, Politic*' and Social," by L. Tikhanirov; "Called Ktck," by Hugh Conway ; " Dead Souls," by Nikolai V. Gogol ; " War and Peace," and " Auna Karena," by Count Tolstoi ; " A Hero of our Time," by M. V, l.ernioutoff ; " Russia before and after the War," by the Author of "Society as it is in St. Petersburg ;"" The Encyclopaedia Britannica ;" " Russians of To. day," by the author uf "The Member fo Parist" "The Kunian I'raaautry" by Stepinak; "Stories from Russia, Siberia, Poland and Clroissia," edited by Russell Lee ; "Chamber's Encyclopedia;" George Ken- nan's Century papers on " Plaina and Prisons of Western Siberia," and "Across the Kassian Frontier ;" Theodore Child's " Fair of Nijnii-Nuvogornd " in ll artier'» Magazine. ; The 7tmc< pamphlet (uelure mentioned) " Persecutions of the Jews in Kuaaia, ISSI ;" " Venice " by Yriarte ; " Veuetiau Ufe " by Howells ; " Sketches from Venetian His- tory :" " ew Italian Sketches " by J, A. Symonds, »od other miscellaneous literature. It will be Been that I name tbeio worki »ithout any view to classification or order. A foreign oriticlam upon the Venetian chapter of the «lory makes it desirable for me to «tate that the introduction of a Russian interest in the Royal Fetes on the Grand Canal ie pure invention. The pageantry is true eoough ; the presence of the King and Queen of Italy ; the illuminations and the rest ; but the red gondola an! the ghost of the lagoons belong to the region of fancy; though they might easily have formed part cf the events of the time. I eaw a dead swimmer towed into sn Knglisb fishing port under very similar elreamstances to those which I have described aa occurrimi io the waters of the Adriatic. la taking leave of my readers, with all doe apologies for this personal note, I venture to exprès* a hope that they may contiene to feel an Intersil in the future of the Milhankes, the Foraytbs, the Chetwynds, and the Klosstocks' If I have made thees people half as real to thom as they ara to me, they will keep them iu their remembrance as acquaintances, if not ss friends ; and in reflective moments their hearts will go cut to an old man and his daughter who lu the spult of chsstened con* tent are fulfilling their voluntary exile, their happiness a dream of the past, their chief hope iu a future " where the wicked cesse from troubling snd the wearv are at rest." 