INTERCOLONIAL. The remains of King Billy, aged about 80 years, the last of the Upper Lachlan tribe of blacks, were found at his camp near Bathurst on Sunday. Death was found to be due to senile debility. Much dissatisfaction is expressed m the Tumut district at the way the Government are treating the tribe of aborigines onthe Brungle reserve, which is hemmed in by small farms, and where there is nothing for the blades to live on except they steal stock or obtain pro visions from Europeans. A protracted earthquake shock was felt at AVanganui, on 15th August, at 6.50 a.m., travelling north to south. It was preceded by a loud rumbliug noise, lasting some seconds. At Wellington two distinct shocks of earth quake were experienced about 6.50 the same morning. The direction was apparently north to south. Mr. August Blank, part owner of the saw mill at Esk, slipped whilst working close to one of the circular saws, and his left baud coming into contact with the saw he was badly cut. A rough tourniquet was applied to stop the bleeding, and Mr. Blank was scut into Ipswich by train ; but he lo3t a great deal of blood on the way. One unexpected case in connection with the labor troubles is that of an over anxious employe on the Christchurch railway, who has been so exercised in mind over the probability of a strike, and the evils consequent upon it, that his brain has been turned. He has had to be removed from work, and will in all probability be sent to tiie asylum for treatment. Teetotalism at times goes a little hit wide of the mark. A case is reported from an up country town in Canterbury where tho relatives of an old lady, who only needed a small gloss of beer & day as a stimulant, applied for a prohibition order against her, because they, as teetotallers, objected to her having any at olL Four of the "great unpaid " who were on the bench at the time granted the order. The recent rough weather has made no percep tible alteration iu the conditiou of the barque Glenrosa, wrecked on the South Australian coast. Those who have had great experience on that part of the court greatly doubt that the vessel will ever again be got outside thereof, but others more interested iu her still liavo the, idea that she will, aud are only waiting for a favorable opj>ortunity to effect her removal. The return presented to Barliament show the approximate loss of stock through floods in the Bourke, AValgctt and Brewarriuu districts. The totals wcro : — 275 horses, 567 cattle and 467,500 sheep, the district of Wulgett being the heaviest loser, with a "missing" list totalling 250 horses, 500 cattle, 350,000 sheep. The district of Brcwarriua came next, with a loss of 25 horses, 50 cattle and 100,000 sheep, Bourke's loss was 17 cattle and 17,500 sheep. A lad named Arthur Doubleday, 10 years of age, the sou of a farmer residing at Howloug, was out hunting with his brother, a fow \ears older, and had pursued a rabbit, which took refuge in a hollow log. Tho elder lioy, who carried a gun, went to one cud of tho log, while the younger stood at the other end. The boy carrying the gun then discharged it into the log, and a large quantity of shot entered his brother's legs. Tho leg is so swollen that no attempt has yet been made to remove the pellets. Mr. Savillc Kent during his inspection of tbe various pearlslicll oyster fisheries in Torres Straits had brought very prominently under his notice that the iudustry is being damaged through the absence of any section in the Pearl- shell Fisheries Act similar to section 12 of the Oyster Act, limiting the size of the nacre or shell to a certain standard. It has been pro posed that a regulation should be framed by which tlio sale of pearl-shell oysters of less dimensions than 6 inches diameter across the nacre should bo prohibited. The incumbent at St. James's Church, King- street, tho Rev. 1L L. Juckson, declares that tho number of persons obtaining outdoor relief in Sydney, with a population of 300,000, for one year, is slightly in excess of thoso receiving similar relief in a district of equal population in tho cast end of London. The system of relief might not bo the same, but it was certainly a startling fact to tho dwellers in thtB young country. Ignorance, intemperance, gambling, betting and improvident habits are important elements in causing pauperism. Au elderly man named James Clarkeon, a selector, was drowned at Old Man Creek, AVag- ingobercmee. Deceased, who was a widower, with three grown up children, was attempting to cross the creek, which is 50 Tarda wide, in n dug-out canoe, which is attached to a wire rope. A strong current was running, and when the boat was in the middlo of the creek it capsized. Clarkson could not swim and sank immediately. No other person was in tho canoe, but a sou, daughter and niece of tho deceased saw the accident, but were unable to render any assist ance. Considerable interest lias been aroused in the proposal of tbe residents of the French colony of Tahiti to establish, if possible, regular steam conmunication with San Francisco by way of Honolulu, Mr. Sprcckles, of San Francisco, proposed if a subsidy be given to placo on tho ino a now steel steamship now on the way from England to Honolulu, which was built for tho Hawaiian inter-island trade. Sho is admirably adapted for trade between Honolulu and Tahiti. At Honolulu this steamer would connect with the Oceanio S.S. Company's colonial mail steamer from Auckland for San Francisco. Among the most interesting instruments in uso by tho Queensland Government Meteor ologist, Mr, Cloment L. AVraggo, aro tho thermograph and barograph, which automatic ally register the temperature and barometric pressure. A slip of paper on which tho thermometer or barometer scale, as tho case may be, has been printed, is wound round tho drum of tho instrument, which revolves by dock, making one complete revolution in a week. Attached to the thermometer or barome ter is an arm with a pen at one end, so placed that as the drum revolves the slightest varia tion of tho instrument is recorded on the paper. . . The German schooner Upoht was resonating labor for .Samoa at AVnllcriki Aoba in the New Hebrides Group. Amongst licr crow was a native of tho island against whom the islanders had an unpaid grudge, and under pretenco of wishing to recruit they decoyed him on shore after dark. Immediately after reaching terra Anna the native was shot down, and a white man who accompaincd him only escaped a similar fato by taking to the water. lhe schooner's boat returned and fired at tho bush, without, however injuring any of the natives. Tho following day the schooner May recruited a woman at this place, who informed the captain that the man shot had been eaten. A startling accident occurred at the Creek- street (Brisbane) steam ferry the other morning. Recently a new captain lias been placed in charge of tiie ferry punt, nnd iu coming into the north side he entered the approach at too rapid a speed. On the punt was a two horse lorry laden with cement ; tho concussion caused the lorry to recede, and this, with its load, rolled iuto the river. The horses, however, managed to keep on to the punt, nnd wore immediately released from their harness. It is stated that the chain had not been stretched across the punt; if this precaution had been taken the accident would probably nave neen averted. The vehicle was afterwards raised and found to have been but slightly damaged. Of course the cement was lost. Lauee- CorporalBert ram stationed atMitcham, received information the other morning that the body of a man was suspended from a tree in close proximity to tho No. 3 tuuncl on the Nair&o; railway line. Tho "corpse" was first noticed by one of tho engine- drivers who was proceeding to the city in the morning. lie sent a messenger with all haste to report to the police tlmt a suicide had taken place, and acting on the story of the breathless errand boy a constable was dispatched to the scene. The officer proceeded to cub the body down, but to liis intense irritation lie discovered that it was only an eiligy, so cleverly got tip as even to deceive the lynx eyed myrmidion of the law. The perpetrators of the honx are evidently having a good laugh at tiie expense of tho con stable. Invercargill lias been enjoying its turn with a gliost scare. The other evening a respectable married woman, who was taken for the ghost, had rather an unpleasant time. She had been visiting a friend at North Invercargill, and was returning homo by a path that cuts the south eastern corner of tho reserve, when sho was pounced upon by a man, who, somehow, had mistaken lier for a ghost. Without waiting for an explanation, he seized her by the body, shouting out, " I've got you this time. I'll make it hot for you and proceeded to drag her towards the police station, lhe unfortunate woman screamed with terror, and pleaded to be let go, as there was some mistake, but it was some time before she was released. It appears that the woman carried a white parcel, and this seems to have been the only reason for the assault. The wreck of the Quetta is to bo sold by l>ublic auction shortly by the underwriters. It was nearly time something was done, as a large quantity of small goods from tho wreck has been washed ashore on Mount Adolphus and Albany Islands, especially on the latter place, which is right iu the course of the current as it sweeps to the southward. Amongst the goods were a large number of 61b. tins of preserved meat. Anyone knowing the force of the current in those waters can easily realise how on a hard bottom even heavy articles, which in less swift waters would seek repose where they touched the bottom, are overturned again and again, until they at last find shelter from tho current on tho edgo of high water mark. The meat was in a sufficiently good state of preservation to be partaken of by the crew of the boat, even when tho tins had been bulged open by contact with tho rocks. In tho South Brisbane police court, during the evidence of the prosecuting witness (George Eaves) in the case of sly grog selling against Robert White, a resident of Coorparoo, the defendant appeared to bo seized witli n sudden paroxysm of madness, for upon Eaves testifying to having paid for certain drinks ho began to gesticulate wildly with his arras, shouting at the same time, "You — liar; you scoundrel, I'll shoot you." As may well ho imagined, a profound sensation was created in the crowded court, and Senior- sergeant Love instructed the constables present to secure and remove tbe canso of the disturbance. This, however, was easier said than done, for White struggled and fought like n madman, and was only taken down to the ceils with tho greatest difficulty by three policemen. For somo time afterwards his veils were audible iu court, and one of the constables stated subse quently that he attempted to strangle himself while in the cells. White is considered a very steady man ; and his sudden attack of apparent mania was attributed by one of his friends, who was present in court, to his protracted sufferings from fever and ague. 