^MTTGTTTTETTFO THEATRE ROYAL. ME. MLLN AS HAMLET. It is so seldom that we see " Hamlet," or indeed any of Shakspeare's tragedies—we might go further and say plays—performed with a strong all round cast that the-unwonted circumstance is_ worthy of being put on record. Sometimes it is Hamlet who is the living figure in - a group of puppets; occasionally Ophelia is the only character who is capable of evoking the sympathies of the house, and one feels a kind of .cruel satisfaction at the wholesale, slaughter which marks the finish. On Saturday night, however, it was positively a new sensation to see some of the more subordinate characters in Hamlet as played by the G. C. Miln Company assert themselves so well as to divide the attention of the house between 'them:and the principals, but of this more anon. Mr. G. C. Main, "a new exponent of Shakstieare -here,' opened at- the Royal for the first time on - Saturday night in Hamlet, and got ~ one of those kindly recognitions from the Adelaide playgoers who are wont to practise the precept "welcome the coming, speed the parting guest" in a cenerous fashion characteristic of them. We have never had a Hamlet who has lived in our memories in more kindly guise than that of Montgomery or of Fairdough, for theirs had an air of originality about it and the stamp of true naturalness. Mr. Miln's Royal Dane disappoints at firstand pleases afterwards. It also has original points—the "business" is particularly good, thesolUbquisu^theleastsatisfaetory. He has a! robust, well-knit, neatly proportioned. figure, a strong masterful face, and a decided clear voioe,, a- trifle too ^measured though^ and therein lies his weakest point. Some of his 6oliIoquiea were delivered . in the tone of a parsonical homily, but. he never rants, and his acting has an air of self-restraint about it.:-.which makes . due impression. In fact, .we'like Mr. Miln's conception of the character of Hamlet, and in a measure his interpretation of'itj all but the mannerism t which we have referred.- He has none of the staginess or self-consciousness of Warner, who Was the last pretentious actor we saw assume the.-part-hete,-and- he possesses much of the ease and manly mein of Faircloiigh, although we-give tbe palm to' the latter; It is-by-no means a stereotyped and lather a subdued representation. In the first act the brooding melancholy of the sombre-souled Prince is the marked feature, and Mr. Miln's demeanour is apt to create the idea that his Hamlet will be lacking in fire and feeling,'but as he goes on the repressed energies of the Prince's nature came gradually to the surface, and we see a fairly vigorous self-contained man, who, but for his mind being "sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, ''would have comported himself more healthily as the worthy type of his most worthy sire, and taken his allotted active part among his peers. In short, Mr. Miln's Hamlet 'is less of a nervous th: an artistic one. He. is" strong in the sudden burst of emotion, but never loses a sort, of dignity that sits naturally upon him. There was a lack of sincerity andself-possession in his assumption of gaiety—in courteously welcoming his friends. It was forced, but in his satirical moods his manner bore testimony to f the acidity of his words. The scene with the gravediggers and the apostrophe to Yorick's skull wanted wanrth and force of expression. Taking it altogether, however, we think that Mr. Miln has made a deep and comprehensive d view of the character and humanized it; h : s Hamlet is sound of mind, though his brain is d distracted by the torture of doubt, all the more exhausting because of its concentration within, and when his pent-up feelings do findvent they s are sufficiently terrible in their intensity. In the scenes with Ophelia there was much more tenderness than we usually see, and it _ was consistent with the general conception; so also when with his mother the prevailing sentiment was sorrow shadowed over by just anger. He introduces effective by-play in the interview with the ghost. For instance, be kneels with his crossnilted rapier before him, and when the spectral counterfeit presentment of his murdered jsire vanishes the unnatural nervous strain is relaxed _ and Hamlet falls prone. The closet scene with King Claudius is omitted, and so is a good deal else, or the play would have lasted beyond 11 o'clock. We are sorry we cannot congratulate Miss e Louise Jordan on her Ophelia. It aras colourless and unsympathetic, wanting individuality -at the first,and she only awakened the interest of the house in the mjid scene. Her dress a when she first came on was a curious colour combination, and took away much from the air of gentle grace with w"hich the fair sweet Ophelia won young Hamlet's love. In the mad scene she was much better, and her demeanour then touched the sensibilities Of the house, aided by the pathos of the scene itself. We do not think Ophelia her best part, and expect more of her, as she ha the reputation of being a careful, competent actress. The lady would do well not to paint GO much; it is a failing many actresses nave, and causes comment where praise might other wise come. We have rarely seen Hamlet played with a stronger cast, and it was a pleasure to note how well the principals were e supported. _ Mr. J. II. Nunn made a manly vigorous King Claudius; Miss Kate Douglas was a worthy mate for the energetic ruler of warlike Denmark, and in the chamber scene with Hamlet acted with a. most intelligent per ception of the situation. She affected a royal l dignity when the necessities of the case demanded it, but-was all woman—albeit, perhaps, a little hysterical—when her son sternly brought her face to face with her degradation and treason to his noble father's memory. Polonius is generally made a pottering, garrulous old imbecile, but Mr. Joseph Stark elevated the character, and showed hisa up as an aged, weakening man who had done his liege lord some service in his time and, was worthy of the esteem in which he was held. Many actors mistake the point in the " very like a whale" episode—where Hamlet trifles with the old courtier; but Mr. Stark conclusively showed that Polonius was not a sycophantic old fool, but was only humouring Hamlet for his supposed insanity. We have naught but commendation to bestow upon Mr. Atholwold for his Laertes. It was a very finished rendering, and so was Mr. W. J. Montgomery's Horatio—a well-built, manly, - igraceful gallant. The firstgravedigger was an ' original—a robust, hearty, middle-agjed Jftvjal delver amongst dead men's bones, instead of the senile crack - voiced querulous fallow of former fashion. 'We did not take to the ghost. Why he should be covered up frfip head to foot with something like a mosquito net we cannot conceive—his armour should protect him from the flies. He was t£o material- a ghost as he stalked -across the ~ front of "the" stage. The renmnder of the distribution of characters was as follow^, and all did well:—Rosencranz (Mr. E. Walton), Guilderstern (Mr. H. Hill), Osric (Mr, Clement Wakefield), Mareellus (Mr. W. Meney}, Bernardo (Mr. F. Roberta), Francisco (Mr. A, Robertson), Priest (Mr. T. Lacey), Player Queen (Miss Frances Ross). The piece was Admirably staged. Some of the clothes Mr. Miln .has brought with him are very artistic, and the costuming was worthy of the occasion. Mr. Mjln dresses well as Hamlet, and he fences skilfully the encounter nk, with Laertes in the last act being a spirited affair. The house was not a large one, but very appreciative, and the company as a whole created a highly favourable impression. They deserve tobe liberally patronised if only for the fact that they are so well balanced. - To-night the "Merchant of Venice" will be staged. Mr, Miln ought to make a good fjhylock. 