FURTHER FIRES 'AT THE PALACE HOTEL. A SENSATIONAL MYSTERY. to-morrow's Inquiry. The /miscreant; who has time after time attempted to destroy by fire the Palace Hotel, in Bourke-street, shows n pnrtionco, on energy and a boldness whioh would he admirable if these qualities were dovoted to a more worthy task than that of an incendiary, whoso opera- tions imperil many lives and property of great value. On the very eve of the public inquiry into the wholo of the faots, nnd in his knowledge of the danger capture, as three members of the doteotivo force, in the persons of Deteotive- sorgennts Nixon and Ward, and Doteotive Mac- mannmy, liavo been entrusted with the task of tracing the criminal, ho has, despite all tills, again made a further attempt to wreck tho building. His appearances and disappearances aro so mysterious nnd ghost liko ns not oven to leave behind him tlio inevitable "elne" — not even tho button upon whioh tlio doteotive of tlio novelist builds his wondrous fabric and, sheets home crime' to the evil doer. The singular and distressing fact asserts itself on tho occasion of each fire that tho attempts made are the result of cunning nnd premeditated action, and that tho fiond is actuated by some strong motive hut what this motivo is 110 one can say — whether insanity, revenge or self interest. All these side lights will occupy the attention of. tho special jury which, under tlio presiilenoy of Dr. Yotil,- the City Coroner, will sit to-morrow to investigato the cireumstniices surrounding this series of fire", the origin of which is still an impenetrable mystery. If motive can be defined, then the culprit may bo suspected, but at tho present time even a review of all tlie features and tho position of tho Palace Hotol Company in its relation ship to its employes and its financial position givo not tlio faintest indication as to whore tho criminal should bo sought-. That ho is someone in the building is admitted ; tliaf ho is thoroughly acquainted with tlio internal ar rangements of that structure is also manifest, but how I10 conducts his tiu-rihlo work, how ho comes and goes and avoids Identification, 1ms puzzled publio nnd polico alike. Certainly, when tlio series of fires occurred in tlie early part of tho present month the police wore agitated, and now an agent of the force resides in the building. He is unknown to those hoarding at the hotel, nnd is supposed to maintain n watchful inspection of those who oomc niul go, but tho fires of Friday morning wore attempted notwithstanding. Another point for the consideration of the committee of inquiry is the adequnoy or other wise of tho night staff. It is certain that what would moot the requirements of an establish ment under any other circumstances is not adequate at .the Palace Hotel, where tho incendiary has so effectively demonstrated liis fixed determination to acoomplish his hor rible design, and proved hitherto his ability to avoid discovery. It is now supposed that moro tlran one person is concorncd in these attempts, but that nray possibly hamper detection, as there may be some preconcerted signal to warn the real miscreant of anv ap proach dangerous to him or his purposo. Only four men are on duty nt tho Palace Hotol anil Bijou Theatre, while ono of these is chiefly oooupied with other work, as he fills tho dual position of " hoots " nnd night porter. Tliero is one fireman on duty in the hotel, nnd lie has to visit all parts of tho building, this inspection occupying hirn three- quarters ot an hour on oach trip. There aro flour flats, and in each two corridors, their respective lengths being 120 foot nnd 140 feet. The night porter is also supposed to east his cyo around and go upstairs when the fireman is down. It willbuHeon that the oireumstances aro so peculiar, tho risk of heavy loss of lifo so great, nnd tlio danger of the conflagration spyonding indefi nitely should a fire really take hold so apparent, tlint none but tho most searching investigation will allay the fears of those in the immediate vicinity, or satisfy the doubting mind of the public. The building itself is well known, but 0 few facts concerning its management may not be uninteresting. During the laud boom, Mr. J. A. Wilson, who owns the freehold of half tlio land and lcusca tho other, was offered £250 000 for tho property as it now stands, but' he declined to sell.. Since then a company has hoen floated to carry on the business of the Palace Hotel, nnd tlio negotiations wore oompleted on the 16th July last. Mr. Wilson sold , to the company a 21 years' leaso of the business of the hotel and 'Gaietv Hnll Fop £45,000,' of which £20,000 was paid in cash, and the vendor accepted paid up shares for £25 000 the company holding the other 5000 shares.' Mrl Wilson also draws an annual rental from the company of £8000, hut when ho sold the lease It wit. .tipnltwl |,e should retain the oositioii of managing director for three years at a fixed kaltrjr. It will thuh he seen that lie' is the company's landlord and managing director and also holder of shares to the extent of half tiio total capital: I' 1 1 0 -position in connection with tho Bijou is different, Mr. Wilson heiii" the owner, and uuliampered hy any company" The theatre, is now leased to Messrs. Branch and Boucicnult at £6000 a year. In conneotion with the first big fire, when the old Bijoii was ian o0nJn d IT'130" 03,til"nto'i ""'this loss w'as £50,000, wlulo tho new Palace building, fittings &c.;, cost him £90,000. At tho present time the insurances nmount to £55,000. One theory that has hoen advanced has some bearing upon this aspect of the caso, and offers a reason lor the nots of the incendiary. It Iras beon suggested that somo poison Ucsircs to reiulor the companies' shares worthless and then step 111 ns tho purolmsor. In this connection Mr Wilson points out that tho frequent occurrence of the fires has had a serious effcot upon the business done, and that if ho wanted to sell ho could only do so at nil enormous sacrifice. He fails to see 'now anyone could lie benefited bv such an operation as that mentioned, but at the same time lie is aware that the reason ia more feasible tlran any advanced as to tho fires beimr the result of lnalioo. fa The fires that occurred after midnight on Saturday morning aro even more singular tlran than those previously detected, and tho attempts to destroy the building even more daringly plannca and successfully executed. Tlio first outbreak occurred in the reading room facing Bourke-street 011 the Becond floor and the fire must havo been started within a few minutes of the fireman's leaving tlio spot after his visit of inspection. Tho tiro was not dis covered by anyone in the building, hut by Mr Collins, a singer at the Gaiety Hall, who was at the timo standing in Bourke-street; ' at ' tlie corner of a right of way known as Russell s-lane. His attention was attracted by the crash of breaking glass, and looking up lie saw flames issuing from a window of tlio hotel. Ho immediately ran to ' -ive tho nlarni, ami tho fireman when called lost 110 timo in extinguishing the flames. The fire had been moat delibcratoiv made, and precautions taken to prevent "its detection 011 the first floor. Entering the room tlio fire was discovered in tlie near right hand corner burning fiercely under two arm chairs and one small ono. The skirting boards were burning also tho window fittings and curtains, while the heat from tho flames lrad caused the pane of glass to break, and falling into the street it at tracted tlio timely attention of Mr. Collins A singular feature was tho fnct that the Venetian blind lrad boon taken from the window and used to feed the flames. It wns plncod on tho floor behind the chairs nnd close to the skirting board so ns to givo solidity to tho fire and boston the combustion. Tho paper on a large space of wall was destroyed, and tho ceiling in tho corner of tho room blackened. Tlio enrpot was also burning when the fireman entered the room, nnd a subsequent investiga tion made hy tlio polico showed that dry resin hnd been freely sprinkled about tho floor, tlius showing the deliberate motive -of the attempt and thodangorous nature of the incendiary. Bat this was not all. An arm chair at the end of tlio table in tlio centre of tlie room was also fired, nnd hero again the incendiary evinced the more manifested dotcrmi nation to effect his purpose. The arm pads lrad been ripped open, resin sprinkled on the stuffing and then ignited, a chair on tlio opposito sido of tlio room being treated in a similar way. The next startling discovery made involved peculiar circumstances, as it showed conclusively that tho miscreant had been some time in the room doing his diabolical work. Iu ono corner of the room, near a . window looking into Bourke-street, a leather arm chair of. an olcl fnshioncd slmpe-was standing.' An ex amination proved that tlio incendiary had also -attempted to bum. this. Tlio leather curtain was torn away with a viow to exposing tlie padding, but the eliair was made with springs, and" there was nothing to set fire to. Resin ' had hoen placed inside, however, nnd a match applied, but there was nothing to burn. Mr. "Wilson was in this room at 11.30, about an hour before the firo was discovered, niul lie then left three boarders and wont to bod, hut was not asleep when tho alarm wns raised. Tho fireman visited tho room at midnight, nnd two of tho gentlemen were reading there then, but it is understood thoy immediately afterwards left, so that tlio incendiary would havo linil 10 minutes within which to carry out his work of destruction ns the firo when discovered nt Iralf-pnst 12 hnd apparently been burning fiercely for about 20 minutes. Subsequent to tlie suppressing of this confla gration, but before any of ' those who lrad been disturbed hy tho alarm had again retired, the smell of something burning was agniu detected, and after a lengthy- senroli a curtain in the "grillroom," near the entrance to tho Gaiety Hall, was found to be on fire. Tho damage done in this case was very trifling, however. 