LEONARD LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. BY ANGUS B. REACH. CHAPTER XXVI.-(CoN.mrIsD). " Suddenly the witch stopped, and shaded back from her eyes her long flowing hair, gazing intently at the sky. In the next moment, a flash of lightning-so bright that every one on board the galley, except the morceress, was dazzled and blinded by the glare-tore out of the dark heavens; struck the main topmast of the galley; and with a crash, like that of all the artillery in the world fired off in one salvo, passed gleaming down the wood, shaking the ship as though she had been lifted a hundred feet, and then allowed to fall splash into the sea. The explosion was followed by a thick sdlphurous smoke, which seemed to come steaming up out of the inmost recesses of the galley, and while the crew, blinded and almost choking in the yellow sulphurous fume, were groping about the deck, they beard the loud screaming laughter of the witch, followed by the croak of the ravens from the cabin. "At length the smoke or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did so, and the men recovered their eyesight, they saw Tronda standing as usual on the poop, with her old aspect of haughty command. Her first words, comrades, were "'Fling that carrion into the sea, and take warning by the fate of Torquil Randa how you dispute the will of such as I.' " So the sailors advanced, all trembling, to the foot of the mainmast, where lay the body of the man of whom the witch spoke. iHe had been struck by the lightning, com rades, but there was neither scaith nor scar upon his flesh, only on the forehead a small round blue spot. So the mariners lifted up the body, and whileit was yet warm plunged it over the side. It sunk feet first, and as the head disappeared, the crew thought that the dead face frowned. "'That night Tronda sat alone in her cabin, beneath the bronze lamp, as she had done when her victim entered. The crystal lay upon the table as before. All at once the flame of the lamp flashed high up, and then sank down into the bronze, so that the cabin was almost in darkness, and tho two ravens fluttered and croaked. Trooda lifted up her head, and her livid face became as the face of a statue carved out of blue and grey marble, for be fore her, standing as he had already done that day, was the form of Torqull Randa, with the blue spot upon his forehead where the lightning had struck it. "'There was silence for the space of a minute, and then the form of Torquil spoke. " ' I am seaut from the dead,' it said, ' to give you a last warning.' "' Return to those who sent you,' answered the witch; ' I take no warnings.' "' I am bid to toll you,' said the spirit, 'that the measure of your iniquities is nearly full.' "The witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting the apparition. "' I have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh,' she replied. ' Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of the winds, who will chase you to the uttermost ends of the earth.' "The figure of Torquil Randa gave a sad smile, and stretching forth its hand, touched the magic crysta, which immediately crumbled into black dust. 'The powers which are given to me,' said the spirit, ' are greater than yours.' "Tronda's frame shivered as she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, andlooked her terrible visitant steadily in the face. "' ~There will be given you one last oppor tunity,' the apparition said. ' Will you re " 'No !' said the witch of Lapland. "The figure of Torquil Randa grow less and less distinct, and as it disappeared, the fame of the lamp brightened up again, and the ravens, which had nestled, at Tronda's feet, flew back to their perches on her chair. "The next day, the galley meanwhile -lying not far from Cape Tiberoon, in His paniola, there eame on board, in a small canoe, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship mates, to have hardly life in her to climb up the low side of the galley. This girl was of a beauty rarely seen upon the earth, but those who looked upon the bright red spot in her white cheeck, and the sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew that there was hardly a month's life flickering in her bosom; so she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon her knees before the witch. "' Mother,' she said, ' I am dying fast, as youcan see. I have a lover, my betrothed. ~He is coming across the ocean to bid me fare well. Oh, that I might live to sea him ! I have little gold, but what I have, grant him a fair breeze, that his ship may come to land before I die, and that I may give up my spirit in his arms.' "So saying, the Spanish girl held forth a piece of gold the size of a walnut. Tronda had opened her mouth to speal, when a third woman entered the cabin. She was a tall and haughty dame, and as she observed the dying girl a smile, like that of a fiend, passed over her face. HIer cheeks flushed, and her eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. The younger girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all trembling and sobbing, upon the floor. "Then the elder spoke thus " 'I hate. that woman. She is my rival. She has wonfromme the manI love. 1 would prevent their meeting. She is poor, but I am rich. This, for a wind which will keep back his ship, until she be no more.' "With that, shipmates, the woman laid -pon the table a lump of virgin ore, as bi. as a cocoa-nut. The other girl said nothing, but still hold out her smaller offering. Tronda stood be tween them musing. At last, she took the large lump, and dropped it into the great ebcstfull ather feet. "' 'You shall have a baffiling wind.' she Asoid to the jealous rival. The poor girl, who weas dying, rose feebly, and passed out weep ing; the crew let her down with careful hands into her canoe. "But at the moment when Tronda had. made her decision, the sudden moan of a hollow sounding wind passed through the air, and the galley rocked and laboured, as though an invistble hand had smoto her. The witch remained long musing in the cabin, until, hearing the dash of oars, she rose and went on deck. The galley was deserted, and the whole crew, embarked in the boats, were pulling fast for the land, while the horizon was again clouded as it had been when the witch drew lightning from the heavens. Tronda mounted upon the poop, and stretched forth her arms, to curse the faithloss crue, when her eye sud denly fell upon Torquil, standing as he had stood, beneath the mainmast when the levin bolt struck him. Then she forebore, and remained with drooping head, gazing into the sea below. But what was remark able, was, that when the whole crew of the galley left her at once, instead of rising, she sunk still deeper in the water; and as a heavy swell began to lift and heave around, the ship rolled and pitched with a strange sickly motion. "Then came anotlher portent. Tronda still stood upon the poop, when she started to hear a sudden patteriug of feet, and a squeaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every hatchwaty a whole lergion of rats-young 4ne and old- brown and grey-- all of them making for the side of the vessel, and then plunging with a loud ashlrill squeaking into the nea, which was speedily dotted with their little heads, all swimming merrily to land. When the last lhand leaped overboard, the figure of Torquil Randa glided softly aft and confronted the witch. ' Rate,' quoth the figure, ' leave a sinking ship.' And, as he spoke, the galley Pa red to float in the water more heavily an deeply than ever, while the swells rose at rocking billows, and the moan of a wind hurtled over the sea. Still Trbndsl confronted the apparition with a lip which never quivered, and an eye whic never blinked. " ' My ancesters,' said sho, ' were cham pions and homeos; one of them-Eric Westra S-descendd nco the tomb of Sigismund, the a? nd bore from thence the bronze sepulchral lamp which burns I beneath, although it was guarded by monsters and potent spells. What art thou, then, that one in whose veins runs the blood of such a hero, should tremble and quake before thee?' But the apparition said " ' I come from a power which is mightier than that of Odin' and of Thor, and I am commissioned to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt undergo as a panishment for thy wicked sorceries, even until the end of time.' " "At that there rose a mighty wind, and the galley started away before it. In vain Trondu bade the elements to cease their strife-in vain she knelt upon the poop, and, with her drenched hair all streaming i' the tempcst,sunghermagio rhymes, and screamed out her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves rose, unheedful of her spells, and so at last she started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice S'Alas ! alas ! my power is gone from me, and the elements obey me no more !' " At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soared up into the tempest-tossed air, wheel ing round and round the rocking masts of the labouring ship. "' And you too,' said Tronda, looking up at them, ' leave me !' "The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than the foul birds darted off, each his separate way, and, were speedily lost in the darkness. Then the storm burst out with all its fury. Had it been a barque manned by mortals, thegalley would not have lived an hour in that sea; but enchantment kept it afloat until it had finished its destined course. For some space the Lap land witch and the figure of Torquil Randa were the only forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense palo flashes of lightning showed troops of phantoms upon the deck, who worked the ropes and sails as mariners in a gale,. These shapes, comrades, were thespirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her inaunta tions had drowned. But still the witch stood erect and fearless through all this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to the gale, and flashing all around her wild greooyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. "At length, comrades, in the thick of the roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting on the dock amid the flying spray and foam, there was shouted from the prows, in a voice which boomed like the tones of a church bell, ' Land.' "At this the spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said "' Now hear your doom. From this time forth you will haunt the cape on which we are driving; and there you will have power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners; but yet. for every moment of time a ship is hindered on her course, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in the breast of man to con ceive. And this shall last oven to the day when the sea shall give up its dead.' " In a moment after, mates, the galley, was crushed into splinters, and not a vestige of her, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil spirit of Cape 1Morant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid watches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of her pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the suend of the storm, with her arms tossed above her head, as though she were still singing the chaunt which raised wind and waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her ; but I have hoard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprit furling a split sail, behold the ancient face of the hag, with her grey fishy eyes looking into his own, and who came near letting go hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. But he managed to make liea way, all pale and shaking, on board the ship, where he told what he had witnessed; and certain old men of the crew said it was a most evil omen, and that either the ship would be lost, or he who saw the appearance would be drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it came to the ears of the stout-hearted admiral himself; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of the main cabin. " ' What is this, I hear, men,' says he, that one of you has been frightened by a demon ? "' It was the devil, Sir Francis !' said the sailor, by name James Gilbert. " ' And what if it were ? ' quoth the admiral. ' He is but a coward. If he shows his face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.' "But for all these bold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was bound, Gilbert was flung from the lee foretop-sail yard-arm into the sea. After the first plunge, he never came to the surface, and the old sailors knew that what had happened was in consequence of his having seen the demon who haunts Point Morant." 