stories from: the bush. No. J. —THE DEAD HUE:?.. By Wattle-Blossom. Wc were staying at one of th? rao?t pic turesque watering-places in this colony, and while on an excursion to one of the numerous lions of the locality. 44 foregathered" with two surveyors who had first seen the place in its primitive state, and who had, in fact, t helped to survey its not yet very well- developed roads. In the evening wc strolled out on the pier at that fittest of all times 44 Twixt thcgloam- iug and the mark," while the sea shone pale and mysterious beneath ue. It had been a roasting hot day : but now, with the breeze oil' the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sea-dew), we felt chiUy enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, 41 This seaweed era ell is sugges tive of ghosts." 44 Why aeked someone. 44 Well," he said, 44 it'6 well 'known" that ghosts are generally a compound of water — aalt water by preference — and dead bodies." 44 But there are no dead bodies about, are' there ?" hastily inquired a lady. "Notthat I know of," said the surveyor, cheerfully, 44 but let's take a scat and I will spin you ft yam which illustrates the theory.5' Wc sat down, and. _ he told us a story, tlio details of whjjJTve quite forgotten, except that it had stttpgthing ' to do with ft church - yard by the eea, and was sufficiently impres sive at the time, besides proving hie theory to his own satisfaction. But ouce start so fascinating a subject with surroundings so in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire momentum as far as it goes os, like thcotoac rolled from the bill. 44 1 know a true story," said one of tho ladies, 44 which had some connection with relations of my own. ' 44 That is a sufficient guarantee," said one of her companions in a. peculiar tone, while another remarked, 4 Ex cuse my smiJing." But the lady, being en couraged to proceed, began — 44 Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in tho south of France. The railways were not bo numerous or well managed as they are n-:-w, and the most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have all heard of the wreck of tho Garonne. She was crowded with passen gers going home for the summer. My uncle had taken a cabin, but being a veiy kind- hearted man gave it up at. the last moment to an old geutleinan whofe life was despaired of, and who'c only wish was to roach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad for her health. Her mother in England, knowing she was with friends, and also believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, felt no anxiety about her, hut was looking forward eagerly to her return. On the night of the wreck she was a wakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, 'she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. 44 Mother," she said, 44 the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, and r have saved only this," touching her robe. 44 What is it?" asked her mother feebly. 'It is the robe of Christ's righteousness," said the girl ; and gently tho vision faded away, leaving the mother alone with hec grief. Next day, 'when their old clergyman ' and family friend come in great distress to break the news, the widow said, 44 1 know it all, hut in the midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that my daughter is 4 not dead but gone before.' " There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, wbcu Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions, Ihavo completely forgotten their names) knockod the ushesoutof his uuromantio pipe, and said, quietly, 44 1 will tell you what I once saw in Queensland." 4 We were camped far, very far. out in the bush, scores of miles from tlie nearest out- stations. One night, as we tat rather late over the camp fire, we were startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs iu the distance, aft it were galloping madly. It came nearer, and a sudden sort of fear gov hold of us. W© jumped up, aud tried to scatter the embers of our tire, but we were too late, and in another moment a horse galloped into the circle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back ; but why was he bending so low, as if in ironical salutation ? And why was his face of bo strange a hue ? Dead ! Yes, stone dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved; for, though after decently burying him, we mads many inquiries, neither at a station, town ship, nor bush shanty did we ever hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together." After a while " That is nota gh6st story," said Surveyor No. I. 44 It's a true etory," re torted the other. Bat we were all shuddering. The 44 murk" had taken the place of the 44 gloaming," and with one accord we turned our backs on the sea, and went in to tho music and lights. 