CHARTERS TOWERS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) March 30. This has certainly been the most disastrous week in the records of the district, and although the town itself has escaped both hurricane and flood, we yet seem in the middle of the conse- quences. As I write the river is some 15ft. over the bridge, and by last accounts was rising slowly, while the sandy cutting this side was almost filled up. Inspector Minoham, however, has had men at work and talks of an early clearance. The commencement of the trouble with us was last Sunday. During the night the rain squalls became more frequent and violent. The rain increased in violence till about mid day on Monday, and at that time the water was going down in one stream from side to side of Dean-street and part of Gill-street. The hardest Eart of the storm was between 1 and 2 o'clock, ut all day business was little thought of and groups gathered in sheltered corners to discuss the one special topic of interest—the river. The river rose rapidly until it had attained a height which is still debated as the highest ever known. Such a backing up of water as would follow this must cause considerable mis chief, and great anxiety was felt as to the safety of the many outside settlers and miners who might be in danger. Sandy Creek claimed the first victim in an elderly man named Jacobson, who was washed from his horse and drowned while trying to reach home; his body was re covered by the polioe next day. There were many others about whom anxiety was felt but one after another they have been pronounoed safe. The chief interest naturally centred in the safety of the people at the little township of Sellheim, which extends from a mile this side of the Burdekin down to the Great Day Dawn battery on the bank. To all who lived along the river Monday night was a time of dread. Whole families hod to be rescued, and there were no boats. Poor Swanson, a young fellow : who was said to bean excellent swimmer, wai drowned while trying to save the family of 4 brother links-man. Another young fellow war. more fortunate and completed the work withj great courage. Several houses were submerged* or washed away during the night, and morning broke upon a scene of desolation. The water was up to the roof of some parts of the battery. It was then known that a family named Hoare, living not far from the mill, had taken refuge in a tree, and that at any moment they might be drowned. Fortunately the line was all right—both rail and wire—and a telegram was sent to Sub-inspector Meldrum for help. Meantime a gallant attempt at rescue was made from the mill in some kind of trough used there, and with board paddles. The only wonder was that, with such a frail and un-> wieldly craft, there were no further accidents. To reach the unfortunates against a current running many miles an hour was, however, quite impossible, so there was nothing to be done but hope that they might hold on till town help came. Another family was known to be in danger on the other side of the line. Both were saved, in each case through the use of canvas boats, which were fortunately available in town. One is the property of Mr; George Carey, and the other belonged to tbe late Captain Mawel. Mr. Carey is justly proud of having introduced these boats, and has promised further information on the subject; it is enough here to say that they are cheap, take to pieces, and can be carried on a pack horse, and that no railway or squatter's station, certainly no police-station, should be without bo simple and effectual a means of saving life. As you will see by exchanges, the local Press has been most severe upon the railway be wilderments. On Tuesday morning, before the distress telegram reached here, people were most anxious to get down to the river and see what was the matter. Mr. Lissner, M.L.A., went out to the station to see what oould be done, but in vain. Mr. Dillon's position waa somewhat that of " the boy who stood on the burning deck." All communication was out off from his superiors, and the regulations made no provision for being so cut off. Another tiling. By the wisdom of the powers only one engine was available; in faot it might easily have been that none would have been within reach, yet to the ordinary mind it would seem that out of the many locomotives idle in Townsville, par ticularly after the last flood, it would have been wise to allow one for special duty at Charters Towers, where there are ample sheds. It would also seem to outsiders that in such an emergency the flood should have been carefully watched from the line, and that when the waters reaohed a dangerous level help should have been obtained. However, no train oould be sent without leave, and even when Warden Mowbray, with Inspector Meldrum and others, oame around with the telegram asking for help, and with the knowledge that a poor woman was in extreme peril, still holding on to the tree, with baby at breast and another child clinging to her, with the chance of her slipping off at any moment, it was not enough to lay the ghost of wretched officialism. It needed the additional reminder that if anything happened there would be a responsi bility for manslaughter attached to refusing the warden's demand for a train. I find that I must conclude abruptly, as the mails will be sent down by a train that goes this evening, so that I must leave additional details for another letter. I cannot, however, close without mentioning the splendid conduct of the polioe throughout this trying time; they have been on solitary expeditions for saving others, and have in all oases shown the good material they are made of. In addition to Sergeant Kennedy, Mr. Hoyde and a young man named Buchanan were conspicuous for their brave help at the Burdekin. Later. I had to break off my last letter somewhat abruptly to catch the train. I found at the station the mayor and many leading citizens, with their wives, bent on visiting the people who have suffered so muoh at Sellheim, and who would have received sisterly sympathy and comfort days ago had the Government cared to earn the money to carry people down. The mayor, the ohairman of tbe Divisional Board (Mr. Cavey), our town olerk (Mr. Walker), and the warden, indeed all the relief committee, have been most anxious to do what lay in their power to relieve suffering and distress. Clothing and other necessaries have been sent down for the other side of the river, where numbers of people are homeless, and I am sure that this morning's train will take comfort to many poor women and children who have had bitter experiences this week. Of course the river is many feet over the bridge, but tents and stores will be taken across by tho Government boat. On the morning of the first relief, the party who went down had to carry the boat over a mile and a-half to get above the current, and when Sergeant Kennedy and Mr. Lloyd reached the tree they took in, with no little trouble, poor Mrs. Hoare and her four children. She was dreadfully cramped and sunburnt, and so much exhausted that she thought she could not have held on another half-hour. I hear that she is still ill; and, while giving every possible credit to the relief party, it seems to me that to have wrapped her in blankets, and brought her up in the train to the tender care of Dr. Forbes and the hospital nurses, would have shown more thought than to have allowed her to go into crowded quarters, in a bush public-house, after her sixteen hours' wonderful pluck and endurance. The boat was carried up again for the rescue of the hus band, who seemed little the worse for his exposure. Fortunately the waters quiokly subsided to on ordinary flood level, so that as soon as the department could be induced to send down the train of full trucks standing in the station, work at the mill was resumed, and the additional misery of idleness for over forty men was prevented. I do not hear of uracil damage to the mill, but Mr. Clifton estimates his loss at the brewery at considerably over £2000, and the private loss to many poor families is complete. Apfoposiitum wae oivee-rnaf-ein the encamp ment to supply oar local forces with bell tents for the better practice and general good of the service. Had this idea been carried ont, the tents would have done good service now. Not the least striking ol the narrow escapes reported was that of a woman at Sheep Station Creek on the Monday night. Directly the report of her danger came into town a canvas boat, then in a sale-room, was obtained and sent ont in a coach. Constable Cole and Mr. Markham rescued her with con siderable difficulty. Everything had been washed away, and she was breast-high in the strong-running water, and had lost her voioe Bcreaming for help. Taking it all through, it is wonderful that the fatalities have been so few, and equally strange that the one case whioh has caused so muoh regret—that of poor Reddin—was the last that would have been expected. He was among the passengers who got over on the Monday morning's train, and was with the others detained at Heary's Hotel on the bank of the river, not far from the brewery, at the same plaoe where Mrs. Clifton and a friend, who had been staying with her, and the brewery meantime appears to have been unprotected. Messrs. Bourke and Reddin went across with the idea of doing all they could for Mr. Clifton in his absence, but the waters rose until it was no longer safe tp remain there. It was in the endeavour to swim baok that poor Reddin became exhausted, and in spite of Burke's gallant attempts to save him, was drowned. The news, which was brought over by a blackfellow who swam the river for the purpose, caused quite a sensation in town. The body was buried near the spot with all the deepest respect and regret. One of his fellow passengers read the burial servioe, and every available person was present. Mr. Reddin had made enemies during his career, but he was full of energy and push and kept in the fore front with news. He had the courage of his opinions and was prepared to defend them if need be. He was young and full of life, and the manner of his death was as honourable as it was pitiable. The lengthsmen along the line most have Buffered very much from the flood. Their little homes have been swamped out or washed away, but I hear that some of the offi cial* have taken out ..relief to -them. Taking the whole flood reports of the district, Bowen— usually so unfortunate—seems the only place not, inconvenienced, the whole ooast, and for mile* inland, having been severely dealt with, During the heavy;rainfall yesterday afternoon (says the Northern Miner' of the 3rd instant), the, creeks and gullies were everywhere flowing a banker. , In the middle of the storm, Mr. Slat Murray, hotglkeeper'on the Broughton-rpad, essayed to cross Millchester Creek on horse back. When, about half-way across the creek, the force of the current rolled the horse over on its sido. Mr. Murray lost his seat and was swept down the creek. The accident was observed by several people in Millchester, amongst whom were Mr. W. T. Russell, and two others, who ran down to give Mr. Murray assistance. Mr. Russell succeeded in catching hold of Mr. Murray's hand as he was : swept by, but the struggles of the drowning man were so great that fearing if he hold him any longer he would also bo swept' into the current, he let go. The report of the acci dent rapidly spread through Millchester, and volunteers arrived from every direction for the purpose of finding the body, and, if possible, resuscitating it. Unfortunately their efforts were fruitless, and late last night Constables Brosnon, Molloy, and Conway were still searching. Shortly after the accident ooourred, Mr. Murray's horse was found lying against a rock some hundreds of yards below the Venus Mill, and a quarter of a mile from the bridge. The only part of the horse visible was its head, and it was thought that Mr. Murray had been eaoght by the stirrup-iron and was hanging to it. Mr. O'Brien volunteered to swim out, but was forcibly restrained. A rope was after wards brought and attached to a stump on the bank of the creek, and O'Brien went out on the rope to where the horse was lying, and satisfied himself that Mr;. Murray was not near the horse. He then returned to land, and, ob taining another rope, went back and fastened it round the horse, which was pulled ashore alive. The horse was then put in a buggy and driven down to the Picnic Hotel, and Mr. and Mrs. Randall, Mr. Murray's Bon-in-law and daughter, came up to Millchester. Shortly after the horse was found Mr. Murray's hat was discovered iu the bend of the Creek, About 800 yards below. 