ON GOLDEN BINGES. BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "Anna bel'B Rival," " Tha Traok of the Storm," &Oi;| &0a Published by special arrangement with the Author. AU rights reserved. CHAPTER XLIY.-THE OLD LOVE. They carded her the same afternoon, to the wellB of Abu Klea. For although the deepest Indignation swelled la Graham's heart when he thooght of the cruel deception that had been practised on htm, still he did everything that a man coald do for the poor helplesa being thrown upon his hands. As Wlnny lay fainting for Ioaa of blood In bis arms he called one of the bearers to him and sent him with an urgent message to a young doctor with whom he was personally acquainted, and in a few minutes this gentleman was by his side. " So this 1B the lad they say you risked your life for, eh, North?" said Dr. Weston, who waB a smart good-looking young man, fresh and cool amid the terrible carnage around. " Well, lay Mm down and let's have a look at him-not much life left it seems to me." He unbuttoned poor Winny's coat, he pulled open the Bhirb over her white breast, and in a moment discovered her secret. "So," he safd.looklng round at Graham, who was standing behind him, " this is a young woman I see ?" " 1 have just learned It-aha is a girl I knew long sgo, Western-keep her secret for my sake, though God knowa that it is not my doing that she la'here " " She IB badly wounded-look, a bullet haB shattered her shoulder and is lodged Bomewhera here-and Bhe'a hit on the brow, too," continued the doctor, going on with bis professional examination. .'Fancy, the false moustache and all!" And the doctor gave a little laugh. "Will she live ?" asked Graham in a low tone. The doctor shrugged hlB shoulders. "My dear fellow, how can I say? At home perhaps Bhe might, but knocked about, and she has a far proBpaob of being here, what chance has a delicate girl ?" " Poor, poor Wlnny!" and Graham knelt down beside her and took her hand, and as he did so she stirred and opened her large wistful eyes. " Take this off her face, Western," said Graham, touching the little false dark moustache which bad formed parb of Winny's disguise, and the doctor now easily removed. " She must have had a pretty face," he laid. " "Well, my girl," he went on, now addressit g Wlnny, who had slowly moved her eyes from Graham's face to his, " how do you feel now? You must keep up your heart, and we'll pull you through yet." "I don't want'to live, sir," she an« swered, and again she looked ab Graham; "but you won't leave me, Graham, till I die ?" she added In pleading accents. " I will not; I promise you I will not." A feeble smile quivered over Winny's pale lips. " Then I will die happy at last," she murmured, and she clasped his hand and drew It to her fajse and softly kissed lb. " Oh! my poor child, my poor, poor child !" murmured Graham deeply affected. The doctor turned away his head and called to one of his bearers to bring him what-he wanted, and then he proceeded to dress Winny's wounds and administered a restorative to her, and did everything that he possibly could for her. And Graham also did everything. He got a blanket from somewhere and he propped up her head, and he was standing by watching her waiting until she could be removed, when Major Despard, with all the bloody fray yet upon him, ap proached the spot, picking his way among the wounded and the dead, and evidently looking for some one amongst them. Suddenly his eyes fell upon Graham and a stern smile lit his face, which, how ever, faded away when he recognised Wlnny lying on the ground. But lb was only for a moment he was disconcerted ; the next he approached with mocking wordB upon his lips. "Sol" he said, looking down ab the girl's face, " Borneo and Juliet have met at last on the field of battle?" When "Wlnny heard his voice andlooked up and saw him a bright color rushed into her face. " I have told him !" she cried out Inher feeble accents-" Graham knows Ml now, Major Despard-knows how you made me try to frighten him," Despard gave a bitter ringing laugh. " Oh, he knows, does he ?" he said; and he turned round and looked at Graham, who had became pale with anger. "Yes, Major Despard," said Graham sternly ; " and may I ask your motive for the gross deception you have tried to lm« pose upon me ?" " My motive ?" echoedDespard ; " that was not far to seek nor difficult to find, Mr. GTraham North; lb was to part you from my cousin." " "Sou could have found an eaaler way," retorted Graham bitterly ; " bad I known this poor girl still lived she would have been my wife." "Your wife!" "Yes, my wife-was It nobhing to me, do you think, the bitter anguish that her supposed death caused me 1 I would have given my life to know Bhe lived-you need not have taught her to act so vile a part." " Is this true, Graham 1 Is this true ?" This came from the ground ; the poor girl bad partly raised herBelf up in spite of her pain, and her large eyes were fixed wildly and appeallngly on Graham's face. "Ib la true," he answered gravely and sadly : " "Winny, my mother too deceived me-they told me when I was 111 that you were saved-and my first acb when I was well enongh waB to write to you to ask you to marry me." "Oh, Graham, Graham, had I bat known!" She Btrebched out her arms, tears rushed from her eyes, and Graham bent down over her and tried to compose her. "Oh, is this true, true!" Bhe sobbed, and she pub her hands round his throat " Hush, you must not cry," said Graham gently ; " bub it was cruel of you to de> celve me, Winny." " He Bald you would never marry Miss DeBpard if I did," wept poor Wlnny; " oh, Graham, Graham, had I bub known." Major Despard had moved away a few paces during this little scene, but he now came back. Daring the battle that had just ended he had acted with extraordinary gallantry and bravery, and had been twice slightly wounded. In the early part of the day he bad been acting as a staff offioer, but as the Arabs approached nearer to the British square he had dismounted and gone to the gunB, and It was while holding his horse that poor Wlnny had received i her wound,, as during the whole march she had paBsed as his servant. AB he approached Graham and Wlnny with a grim smile on his face Graham drew himself up to his foil helghb. " Well, Blr, I Bnppose now Its war to the knife between you and I ?" said Despard addressing Graham. " You have acted in a way that no man could forgive or pardon," answered Gra ham ; 41 but this is not a time to indulge In personal quarrels. We have both shed blood to-day, Major Despard, and perhaps to-morrow either you or I will be lying low as these (and Graham pointed to some of the dead), but I will ask one favor from you. If I fall will you look after the safety of this poor girl?" " You need nob have made the request; of coarse I shall look after her. I came now to look afber her. So you have for given her, have yoa, for playing the ghost ?" " I cannot conceive either your motive or hers." " Mine was simply to make yea believe that you were a haunted man-that youc victim could nob rest in her grave. Hera, poor little fool, was because Bhe was still in )o7e frith yon and would therefore play very conveniently into my hand." " And you took her to Wargrave with you ?" " Of course I did, and I left her there with the little Ballalra until we embarked for the Soudan. 1 had my revenge you see, Mr. Graham North " "Yes, an- unmanly, cruel revenge," said Graham bitterly. 'J Tou spoilt my happiness with Katharine j you embittered my life a-new. I do not envy you your pastime, Major DeBpard, for I had done you no wroi>g." "Done me no wrong 1" repeated Dea pard passionately. "You took from me the woman I loved, the girl who would have been my wife but for you. And what right had you to come near Katha rine ? "Was not that child enough?" (and he pointed to Winny) '41 You had wronged and ruined her, and then came wooing my cousin for her wealth, and you call it no wrong ?" "I have Binned and I have suffered," answered Graham. "How deeply Buf fered, none but God can tell, and I was ready to atone for my faulb. Had you given me one hint that Winny lived all this might have been spared." (To be continued.) 