CURRENT NOTES. Lokii and Lady Carrington deserve a statue as bin as Captain Cook's for their refusal to iillow^tho hat to be sent round for the customary departing testimonial subscription. The rarity of the refusal makes it all the more welcome. We occasionally hear of a faint protest from some person whom it is intended to "honour," Inn. the scruples are as a rule overcome as easily as Donna Julia's. In nine cases out of ten the presentation comes as "a perfect surprise." The recipient knows nothing of the movement tli.ii has been going on. lie has been blind as a bat and as deaf as an adder. If he had known it he really would have stopped it ; but now that Uio watch, or the salver, or the silver tea service is bought, and his name inscribed, it would be ungracious to refuse. Is there one of tin who has not. heard remarks of this kind from men who knew perfectly well all about the testimonial and who were getting it up ? There was lio Bishop's refusal in the let ter in which Lord Ciirrington signified his wife's determination not to accept a present. From the day tliey landed in Sydney both he and Lady Carringl.on were (irmly resolved " never oil any oecasi.in, or under any circumstances, whether on departure or otherwise, to accept any gift or testimonial in the nature of a gift." No lawyer could have expressed determination more clearly. There was not a loophole left for pressing the matter, and it would have been an insult not to accept as final His Excellency's decision. When a man so respected and liked as Lord Carrington puts his foot down on this leapotting nuisance, he does a great public service. He helps to put the thing out of fashion. Let a few emphatic refusals be given, and the idea of starting a testimonial subscription will be regarded as bad form. Should that happy state of affairs be brought about, the Maine we have spoken of should be erected, mill oil its base the letter engraved from which We have given an extract. That alone would be sufficient to ensure the thanks of posterity. Last week we spoke regretfully of the disuse of the institution of duelling. It was in reference to the wholesome influence that private warfare exercised on the intercourse between men who would not otherwise be restrained from misconducting themselves either in public or private life. The duel exercised a wonderful effect in softening manners. If it did not make a foul-tongued blusterer a guutkinnn, at all events it \\\V,'AM Ui'.vi Ueeji a. guard over the offending member, liven in his tipsy moments the rowdy kept a certain restraint over himself, and the result was good. .Something, we think, should be done in the direction of re-establishing the duel. A Court of Honour might be established, that would give permission, on good cause shown, to an insulted person to have his man out. And, of course, if the combat were to be legalised, the whole world could go and witness it. What a capital place for settling a dispute theFlemington Racecourse would he ! And what a draw it would be if two lawyers who had been publicly slangwhanging each other in court, like a pair <>f fishwives, were to obtain permission for an appeal to arms, and advertise that they would have it out on a certain day—Cup prices to be charged for admittance to Lawn and Hill, and the gate money to go to the survivor ! How ilie public would throng in tens of thousands to the field of blood ! Witnesses who had passed through the ordeal of cross-examination— plaintiffs or defendants into whoso memories bitter words had burned deep -prosecutors in criminal cases who had themselves been branded as felons by the zealous counsel for the prisoner at the bar—political people who had been put in the j pillory pillory by by one one of of the the combatants, combatants, and pelted ilted with words filthier than Yarra mud >r rotten eggs '. The bookmakers would be there in force, and bellow out the odds on the bv removing''any man who made the courts a' terror for the imiocent! But as a matter of course boU. w^d be removed, for. there would be such a fortune for the survivor in the gate money that he could retire with it for life. And then there would be decency in our courts of justice ! It in to lie liupod that His Honour Judge Forbes of Sydney is capable of better reasoning as a kw-yer than as a social or political economist. He had the pleasure lust week of sentencing a number of notorious criminals known as the " Redferu Gang," and in doing so he made some remarks which will be of interest to friends of education all over Australia, lie said that of late " housebreaking and robbery had been carried on by parties of youths and young men on the most scientific principles. The way in which the crimes had been planned and carried out showed the perpetrators to be educated and intelligent, and no doubt many of them had been educated at the public schools. Education had probably made them worse than they would otherwise have been, because it, had sharpened their wits to plan ami carry out their depredat.ions." One wouldn't niind a speech of this kind from a priest or a parson of the good ijld high and dry school who believed, as many-of them honestly did, that the lower orders were specially created to hew wood and draw water for those lucky enough to he born well oil'. But the comical puzzleheadedness that would malce education responsible for crime because it sharpens the wits and allows rogues to carry on their trade on the most scientific principles, while it would be amusing in a high church parson or an old Tory Kijuii e, is a very serious in.lltel. „.jlcl, Kec„ j„ a„ occupant of the judicial s 1)C!1K,|i. Judge Forbes' remedy for the rascality t)lc Sydney larrikin would logically be to of ,lllow grow Uj, j„ a Ntate of wholesome E )U)(j }10;i.tlieii ignorance. The arts of reading, siting, and the multiplication table bring out al) the latent wickedness of the youths of Kedf aIld t]ie Kcl10l)linastor crams them for the g Ris Honour's speech should be added to testimonials that the Tehyra/ill is t)]e list of Staining Staining from from V Victorian .1 .P. 's as to the working of OUI. state scht school system. O, WEHE 1 by your bounty fed !" the orphan \-- - • . , , i ^n^.se of the" Victorian treasury. In the /JLmWv in Adelaide on Thursday last Mr. Z Kill of virtuous indication at a rumom. ho )lad hea„l to the effect that Victoria W1S ruillijlg them hy pouring in hundreds of ton6 weight of the best butter and cheese which through our artful system of export bounties was sold at from 3d. to (id. a pound less than the natural price either there or here. If this sort of thing wore to be tolerated it might end in our pulling down the price of bread in Adelaide to a penny a pound and running in a stream of beer that could lie retailed at the same price per pint. Our Secretary of Agriculture, Mr. Martin, has, however, relieved the apprehensions of Mr. Caldwell by pointing out that it is only Great Britain that is ruined by being supplied with articles of food partially paid for by the Victorian taxpayer, and that we are not so grasping and unprincipled as to attempt to reduce the household expenses of an Adelaide j#o(cr/anii/«n*. But is it right that this great injury should be inflicted on the people of the mother country, because her statesmen are too simple-minded and her people too generous to protest against the wrong we do them» Our high-spirited neighbours on the west would speedily put a stop to such nefarious practices, and if there was an attempt made to pour in upon our shores cargoes of pauper butter, no matter how-good it might be, that would let our housewives buy it for next to nothing, the Trades Hall unionists would go down to Handridge and throw it into the sea. And yet we do not hesitate to pauperise the wretched Cockneys by Hooding the Lundon markets with dairy produce made cheap to them at onr expense. There hould be a Trenwith in the metropolis of the orld to show its miserable people how the}' re oppressed, for with the stolid stupidity of nglishmen though we are doing our best to uin them they never suspect it! Fou a day or two last week the newspapers ave one the impression that the land boom was or. again. It was only, however, by taking a uperficial view that this idea was conveyed. U was'themaps thatsliowed the directions of the lines that deceived us. "This"'time* two „„„ ,u;iv years the papers might have been called daily A Ibis,:* on account of the amount of geographical ... . • j-i- i j-i- j-.-. *-heir readers.. is abandoned. A story is told concerning this weather chart of a patient ni kew. whose sole occupation for yeaiUas to cut out the.naps as hey appeared day by day and paste them ma ook. He did nothing but this and the doctor in charge considered Ins case perfectly hopeless. Suddenly the charts were discontinued, and alarming symptoms developed themselves in the lunatic. At first a profound melancholia seized hi in, which, as morning after morning passed without bringing the relief of a chart, deepened till it was feared that he contemplated suicide. Suddenly he tore his collection o£ maps in pieces, threw them in the fire, and is now in the perfect possession of his senses. And it is a remarkable coincidence that the land boom madness that had possession of the public for so long disappeared also when the papers ceased issuing daily maps. It was, therefore, with something like misapprehension that we saw the atlas editions of last week. ,\nii our fears were realised. A madness SL.eined to se;ze t]]e w]10]e 0f Yictoiia from the day l)u, m .a],j>0.ired, and it has been raging vi0]c„t)y from that moment up to to-day. Instead of being conveyed like the influenza fr„m ono district to another, the attack was simultaneous ; and the colony from the Murray to tjle sea ;B out 0f its senses. The country ,,ews ;s of t]ie nlost monotonous character. Column after column in each of the Melbourne 1)al,er,s ;s ii]led in the same way. " Profound dissatisfaction was expressed at a meeting of t|,e inhabitants of Tiinbuctoona at the injustice done to them in the railway map." ^ " When the ,-ate-payers of Oorangatanga saw by the railway map how their just claims were ignored they burned Mr. Gillies in effigy." "Profound dissatisfaction" is the favourite expression ; but the adjective- is changed into "deep," "hearty," "burning," "loud voiced," and " bitter " to suit local lequiiements. This all conics of the publication of imps. It brings the wrongs of the districts pictorially before the residents, and in a manner suited to the meanest comprehension. If they only knew what was to their real benefit they would have been overjoyed at being passed over. Coleridge didn't believe in ghosts because he had seen 60 many. For the same reason we don't believe in railways. We congratulate Tiinbuctoona, Oorangatanga, Orbost, and the other places left out on their luek. If in a far-off future they should obtain their hearts' desire and get a lailway, they will in the light of experience bitterly mourn over the cart and bullock team they have parted with, and regret that they asked for more. But for those maps Victoria would not have been as unhappy as she is to-day. In the interests of the future ethnologist and historian of Australia, the mystery that surrounds t he case of the wild aboriginal, Tommy Kyan, should be cleared up before the race from which he has sprung becomes cxtinct. Firstly, it should be settled whether or not there is such a family name among the aborigines of New South Wales as Kyan. If that should be the case, it would be one of the most remarkable coincidences that history has to tell, and it would be a strong argument in favour of the theory of the whole human race springing from a common ancestor. It would show that though the Ryan family separated some thousands of years ago, and one branch went North-west and settled in Ireland, while the other came South-east to make a home in Australia, the members, through all those troubled centuries, retained certain family traitu that put their kinship beyond a doubt. Tommy escaped from gaol, where he had been confined for shooting the Australian edition of a landlord—a squatter—and when an attempt was made to arrest him by a constable and a civilian, lie knocked the latter down, while he pinioned the constable, took his revolver from him, shot him with it through the jawbone, and then proceeded to "leather" him with the butt-end on the head. It was as " natc " as anything that his famous cousin Ned could have done. But it may be that Tommy was merely a Ryan by adoption, and that he had no more claim to the name than ho would have to De Vere or M'Tavisli. Should that be so, the biographer of Tommy will have a nice point to settle—was the name given to him on account of the characteristics he developed on his way through life, or did the characteristics develop themselves on account of the name ? If it. were not possible to determine positively how this son of Erin got his name, we should propose the question to the next meeting of the University Debating Club. They would put it beyond all doubt ! Is our issue of the 15th May appeared a para" graph stating that the Mayor of Newcastle (N.S.W.) had been fined for using bad language, together with a comment to tho effect that BUCII misfortune was the result of " associating with councillors." It has just come to our notice that the statemeat was untrue, ae regards the gentleman alluded to, and we take the earliest opportunity of correcting it. The explanation of our slip is very simple. It is pretty well known r „ . hat the councillor in general is a stock subject for atirioal writers the colonies over, anJoiiB of UUIGbau DCClug f VV.W.U ... our staff seeing a certain telegram }" t|>e bouine Herald, seized upon it as the basis of the us.uu.1 usual quip. The telegram read, "At the Newcastle Police Cuurt," etc., e c., and procoededtobtate that the Mayor of Adamstown (a near suburb of the co J oity) ha'd becn fined for U8inp in8Ulting language. ^ wrjl jn hi8 eagerness to avail himself of this , , , j., - t - ings of any innocent individual was thefurthest from hie thoughts or from our own, and we trust that the Mayor o ou « cTc fwhere Mr "nowa the absurdity of the parawaa moBt apparcnt. b f 