[?] The Great Mill Street Mystery. Be ADELINE SERGEANT. uthor of " Jnoobl's Wife," " Roy's ltooenwince," "Doveril's Diamond," "Under Fatso Fre- touoos," &o.; ALL queensland bights bkskevkd. Chatteb xxxviii. — aitek These Yeab3. To the traveller whose eye ia sated with the glow and colour of tho fervid East, the soft \- green meadowB, the gray skies, and plaoid streams of an- English landscape, are apt to seem at timss too pale and monotonous, and at times indescribably refreshing. The last sonli- ment was uppermost in George Eastwood's mind as he walked along tho oountry road be- tween Wyohiord and Hnxbam, a few days after -his return from foreign lands, an sbsenoe which I had lasted fully three years. For, after his sojourn in the- Black Forest, he had travelled eastwood and south again ; and he had rested little until his arrival in Bombay, where, for the first time during many months, he had an opportunity of seeing an English news- paper. He was not very nnxious to see the news papers. Ho had avoided lettera and journey, and had lost many by not giving his address. HiB friend, the banker, had kept him amply supplied with money, and had maintained a discreet reserve on the snbject of Jess and her child. Hence it had some to pass that Eist- wood had not learned Jess's fate, until he saw a meet ion of it in a paper in a Bombay club. It was a terrible shook to him. At first he did not know what to believe. She had been condemned— so much he saw at the first glance — but to what? The paper con tained merely a passing reference to the event ; it sneered a little at some evident miscarriage of jubtice. George felt that he eould not rest until be knew all. It was issy enough to obtain a full acoonnt of the proceedings, whioh were already mauy months old. Jess Armstrong, as she called herself, had given herself up for the murder of Stephen Eyre. It was a niee point as to whether she had really killed him or net ; for, supposing that he fell accidentally out of the window, was it at all possible that he could have got back again without the help ot several strong men ? The jury were rather disposed to believe that the unknown party of men in the room were guilty of the murder, and a culd sweat hruke our upon Eastwood's forehead as he reulised the danger that he had run. But he soon puceived that Jess had been faithful. She had been obliged to ackuowledge him as her lover, but sh9 had said nothing about tho marriage, or his presence iu No. 20 Mill street. There was nothing to implicate him — his name was barely mentioned. He drew an involun tary breath of relief when he found that this was the case. ' Manslaughter," was the verdict. The jury conld hardly convict of murder under the oironmstances. And the sentence — three years' imprisonment, with hard labour. Not a very hard sentence as sentences go. There was some talk about her probable admission into a peni tentiary at the end of the three years. The penitentiary was evidently thought suitable for a woman who seemed never to have denied that she had led an evil life. One or two kindly disposed persons wrote letters to the newspapers to say that they would look after the girl when she came ont of prison, and would help her to lead a decent and honest life, by procuring some sort of situation for her. And thence sprang a long series of letters about the treutment'of women criminals, all based npon that trial of Jess Armstrong, and her nnexpeetedly lenient sentence. Tho life of women in prisons and penitentiaries was described in other letters, and a discussion on the rules and management of snch places, filled up the columns of several papers, at a time when London was empty, and in want of a new sensation. By the time George Eastwood had read all that he could find, he was in an utterly dazed condition. The facts that he had read seemed to stun him. Could it bo that Jess — the beauti ful creature in white, with the loug gulden hair, whom he bad painted and caressed and admired — waB now one of those fallen women tor whose benefit prisons and penitentiaries had been bnilt? He shnt his eyes and saw her as such women were described in the letters that he bad read, with hair cnt .short under a oIobs oap, with coarse gown and apron, and hands stained or reddened by manual labour of various kinds ; above all with that vacuous or vieious look which one wiiter declared to he stamped upon the faoes of all who became inmates of those dreary walls. Was it possible that Jess's sweet face oonld be branded with that look of guilt and shame ? He had no doubt conoerning her guilt. Had she not herself avowed to Mm that she had pnehed Stephen Eyre from Mb hold npun the rotten window sill? Some of the details given in the papers shocked and sickened him. They brought back to him bis own vagne remem brance of the scene, and also a faint, vague consciousness, which he oouid never understand, of his own share in it. This consciousness was not sufficiently clear to be of any determining value; but it served to deepen the sense of horror and revolt with which he regarded Jess's crime. It seemed to Mm now almost impossi ble that he should ever have loved a woman of her type 1 And yet — was there anything that he could do for her ? When the shock of his discovery died away he began to think — hopelessly and help lessly — of the possibilities of the future. He could not get a divorce from her. He must be separated from her — yea ; hut he was separated already. He hated to think of publicity and scandal. Sorely, as he and his wife, the wife of whom he was so thoroughly aehamed, and for whom no Bpark of love now lingered in his breast, as be and his wife were already bo far apart, there was no need to let the world know that they had been so near. She had not betrayed bis secret ; he would not betray hers. Strangers they most ever be one to the other, and no one should ever guess the link between them. There was Meenie, however, to he accounted for ; what had become of Meenie ? She would have to bo fonnd and provided fur. Consulting the papers again, the only mention of Meenie was contained in Jess's voluntary statement that her child was " with friends in tho country." Jes3 had no friends in the country. So what did that meun ? The first thing to be done, apparently, was to write a fnriouB letter to Mr. Field, the banker, asking why he had been left to learn these heartrendering details from a common news paper. He did not find out tho reason for some weeks, when his letter was returned to him with the words " cead— heart disease," written across the envelope. The epiatle had been glanced at by a clerk, and re-enolosod to Bom bay. The only thing that George Eastwood could tbink of was to go to England at once, look for bis ohild, and wait till Jess came out of prison. But a letter from Francis Helmont arrested him. Helmont gave him a few details about Jess'strioland imprisonment, and added that the child was with friends in the country— probably with Alice Drew. He had been tola so, and be bad no reason to doubt the acourooy of his information. He told the news gravely and sadly, for he had a strong ocnviction that Eastwood was very much to blame for the tragedy of Jess Armstrong's life. But he added no word of comment or reproach, for be wrote by a secretary's hand, and did not wish to pain his friend unnecessarily. He iuserted merely a few words in his own uncertain handwriting, as a postcript, mentioning tho exaoc date on which Jess Armstrong would be set free from prison. And that was all. Eastwood did not go to England just thon. There was nothing to go for, he told himself. But (he expiration of three years found him treading tbo green lanes botweon Hexham and "Wycbford, with a look of dark discouragement npi n bis faoe. blu bid miesed Jess. How ho soaroely ktew Be must have made some mistake in the da' ii. He had none to tho prison on what be thought to be the appointed day, and bo bad waited whilo the prisoners were released, but Jess was not amongst the little orowd. After a time he songht out a benevolent-looking lady, in blaek, who was mixing with the ex- ootiv-ioiK aud asking them to breakfast ; an i dolling his hat politely, he asked her if she had seou or heard anything of a woman named Joss Armstrong. " The woman who gava herself up for killing poor Eyro — oh, taat was a very sad case," said the lady. "She came out six months ago on ticket- of- leave." " Six months age ? " said Eastwood, stutter ing in his amaze and eagerness. " So long ! " " Her beliavionr was so guod, yon tee," said the lady in an explanatory tone. " They let her oat rather unusually souu. £ saw her here and talked to her myself." A flash shot from Eastwood's eyes. " What hss she done with herself." " Pardon me— you aro not going to barm herf" " I— certainly not. I wished to help her — if possible, to provide for her future." The lady shook hor head. " She was not an easy person to assist. She would not come to breakfast with the other oenviot women" — how George writhed at the word. "She refused money and she refused work. A very bad sign that, I am afraid." " Where did she go?" " To London, 1 believe. But not to stay. She told me that. She said that she should prefer tho country." "Did yon not proceed farther? Did you offer her no moro substantial assistance?" said George. It was odd that while his love had grown cold hio sense of possession made him exceedingly augrv with the woman who had not assisted his wife in suitable ways. The lady in black bridled a little. " I did what I could, bit, for the unfortunate girl," she said. "You must remember that we see a great number of convicts in tho oourse of the year. If she wonld nave eometo breakfast and stayed for the prayers and Scripture reading which we have afterwards, I would have given her work had she required it— list slippers to make or something of that kind. We always give them coffee and bread and butter, it heartens them, poor things, fur tho day's ex periences. But the woman, Armstrong, wonld accept no help, spiritual or material. She gave me to understand that she was going to friends." Friends ! What friends had Joes ? Eastwood stood still for a moment and con - eidered. "It is possible," he said at last, deliberately, " that she may come back to you for help." " Possible, bet not likely, unless she is com mitted for another crime !" "May I trouble you with with this card?" said EaBtwood, formally. "My name and ad dress are upon it. It yon see her, perhaps ycu will be so kind as to tell her that I have ooms home, and should like her to oommnuicate with me." The lady looked confused, embarrassed, dis tressed. It was evident that some remembrance of Eastwood's name was floating iu her mind, and that she eould not exactly define it. George thought it better to leave her beforo full remembrance dawned upon her mind. He raised his hat, thanked her formally, and turned away. She stood still as if reflecting on the matter. Jest as he reached the corner of the street, he saw her make a frantic dash after him, and, wondering whether she had any further information to give, he stopped and waited her approach. She came up, panting, with one hand on her heart. " Oh, I quite forgot," she said, "who you were. Ob, I do hope that you have seen the — the error of your ways ! " " I have seen them very often," said East wood, grimly. " Then, will you — will yon do me the honour of accepting thiB little tract. I have known it to do good to so msny — many hardened and im penitent sinners ! " " I may be hardened," said George, with tho faintest possible smile, " bnt not, I am sure, im- penitentr" He took the tract from her hand, glanced at it, and then put it into his pooket. It was en titled, " Words of Warning," and he did not feel as if he wanted any warning at that moment. Bat he would not wouud the feel ings of a lady by telling her so. He raised his hat once more, and was allowed to depart. He went straight to Frank Helmont. Bat the blind clergyman — rector now of the pariah where he had so long been curate — was unable to tell him anything. Jees had not been to him. Then he went to Whiteohapel, and scoured the back streets and lanes which Jess ueod formerly to frequent, bnt he heard nothing of her. Her name was unknown, save in con nection with the ghastly Mill street tragedy, of which George heard until he cared to near no more. Joss had passed ont of the sight and ken of Mill street folk. Meenie ? Nobody knew anything of Meenie. Some said that she was dead ; others that she had been taken away by Alice Drew. The name strnck dull on George's ear ; he thought he had heard it before, bur did not know how or where. Dr. Piice oonld tell him more, the people said. But he remembered Dr. Prioe, and shrank from meeting him again. " Put the matter into a deteotive's hand, if yuu want to find Jess Armstrong, " Helmont said to him. George shivered a utile at the words. "No, no," he said hurriedly, "I can't do that. I'll lcok about a little longer — I may find hor still." "Do you want to find herf" asked the parson. " I don't want to look npon her face again. But I do want to know that she is not starving. Frank, I — I loved her once." " I know," said Helmont pitifully, and then there was silence between them for a time. Bnt when Eastwood had been a few days in England, a desire came upon him to revisit tho old house at Wyohford, whioh was now hid own. It was not let at present, and the house keeper and the servants took a delight in letting their master seo how bright and pleasant a place it looked. He was interested in it at first, and then he wearied of his loneliness. The house was full of ghosts -ghosts of the joys that might have been, ghosts of tho joys that he had Blain. " I will go and see Diana," he said to him self. Be bad, as yet, hardly realised the faet that Diana was now a widow. Lord Hexham'B neck had been broken in the hunting field, and Diana's hoy had succeeded to the title. She lived with her son at the great old house, wbere the HexhamB had always lived, and whero she was reputed to spend a useful, charitable, laborious, and not unhappy life. But George knew little of what had happened in bis absence, and thought of Diana stilt as ho had seen her last, brilliunt, glowing wi:h life and beauty, gorgeous in array. It was no wonder, therefore, that he hardly recognised her, when, after he bed entered the great park gates, he made his way np the avenue towards tbo house, and encountered two ladies in his walk. Two ; one was tall and stately, dressed in rich black robes that rustled a little as she passed < n. The signs of her widowhood were IV w, a little rim of white in her black bonnet was the only token of it that a man wonld be likely to observe. a George glanced at her and did not glance again. He looked, instead, at her companion, u young and graceful girl, not veiy tall ; a girl with tender earnest eyes, with soft, brown hair, and a sweet radiant face. She wua dressed in something light and airy — East wood did not know ita name — and she wore a very becoming straw hat upon her head. It was her dress rather than hor face that recalled to George Eastwood the place and time when hohadseen her last. He stopped involuntarily, a quick light eoming into his dark eyes. He bed chanced npon Lady Hexham and her yonng relation, Sybil Larimer. to be continued to-moeeow. Mibs Goodloy : " I do not think as much of Jack Rounton aB I did." Miss Glee : " Why not ?" "I went to ohurch with him last night, and he volunteered to find the text." " Well, what has that to do with it?" "Oh, nothing, except that I can't say that I have maoh re spect for a man who hunts for the Epistle to the Romans in the. Old Testament." Miss Ada Heather-Biggs, Lady Dilke, and Hon. Mrs. Jeune have done a good thing in London in establishing what they call a series of "happy evenings" for tho London Board school children. These are the ohildren of the very poor, who, nevor having a penny with which to purchase pleasure, are to be invited every two weeks to a oomfortablo room where they will he entertained with mnsio, magic- lantern piotnres, games, fto. 