A Frantic Anti-Imperialist. SYDNEY, Monday. In a letter to the <S 'gdueg Daily Telegraph, occupying three and a-haif columns, bir' Charles Lillcy, Giiief Justice of Queensland, gives his views on the Imperial Federation question, and expresses a strong opinion that any change in the direction of a close political uuicm with England would be mischievous, and would lead to a premature, violent, and unfriendly separation and to much misery. Referring to tho poverty in the mother country, Sir Charles writes: — "Ardent supporters of Imperial Federation need never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia . Those who hold the wealth of nations must bear its burden. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers." Referring to the promoters of the Imperial Federation scheme, Lords Bosebery and Carnarvon, and Cardinal \ Manning, the Chief Justice Bays: — "Instead i of directing their ability, energy, and know- ! ledge of affairs to the work of humanity and I statesmanship which lies before them at their doors, these gentlemen, started in the pursuit of Imperial Federation, a phantom with less substance behind it than Pepper s famous ghost. What Australians desire and will maintain is the right to develop their national life as thev will, unfettered by restriction from abroad or any external authority. The hope of English men is that Australia will help them to coerce India to hold her in subjection." The Chief J ustice adds that we may now reason- ; ably apprehend that the first armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at " the cost of the wretchedly-impoverished, tax-ridden people of India. Whilst Australasia should wisely let the present friendly con nections with England exist until they are ready to meet any foe by land or water they must prepare themselves for anv con tingency. Continuing, he writes, « Let our motto he, then, Independence, peacefully achieved, if possible, but Independence. ' " The letter has created much discussion in all circles. The circumstances connected with the late Gakfeigh railway accident having been fully investigated by the Crown Law officers, it has- been decided to file a presentment against driver Nixon for manslaughter, and he wul be - on to appear in the Court of General Sessions on Monday fieri;; but it is very probable that a remand will be asked for until the next sitting of the court. Thewill-of the late Mr. Justice Kerferd has been lodged for probate. The will was exe cuted m November 1882, and a codicil in i»w 1886\. The witnesses to the will were Jufl«j» OhooJtywdMf. J B. Box.multoth, Mr. G. 1 igott aud Mr. A Barlow. The judge died on 31st December, 1889. The eaeiifoS are the widow and the Perpetual Company. The amount of the £26,342, of which £21,700 is real nrowwfr £4,612 i»i«>n pn,pMtT. Th, tiStSlf forlif0' 