MQVEUST. Ij Lady's Revenge. IS J E. 6 iRRISOX JOXES. CHAFTEU 111.— (OONTJXGED ) "Thai's a Rood answer, ho replies, "your wicsare as bright as your eyes. My i bue/uc'ss is to sell these baskets; they mast j ell go by sunset. I've got one at home lor i you, though — end 'lie a beauty. May I come down to-night and bring it, Josie ?" " no, 1 Shall be bUBy to-night ; oome to morrow, and ire can go to vespers to g-tier." "So we can," be answered, with another Hashing smile. " I'll come : and as yon won't tell me what brings yon here, I'll say goud- dsy and good- bye." " Good-bye, Leonard." But he turno back wistfully, his pretty wicker work swaying on his handsome jcao. "Those are pretty blossoms, Josie," he eayr, pointing to the violets in her basket. 1 ' W culd yon mind giving me just one ? ' | \- They are not mine — they are for a lady," she answers ; but while she speaks she breaks off a little clneter and extends them 1 to him. " Kiss them first, please," ho says, with a so: t of gay audacity, " and they'll keep fresh until to-morrow," Josie pouts, and toses her blaok curls, hot after eorne little demurring, the places the violets to her rosy mouth, and then puts ibem in his hand. " Now take them, yon silly boy, and run away and sell your baskets." Ha touches thorn with bis own lips, sets laera in his bosom, and hurries down the hot Etreet, with a fragment of eong bursting from bis happy yonug heart. Josie stands a minute looking filler bim, then ebe starts off on a run, and never stops till she reaches the locksmith's door. The old man sits on a littered beneb, in the centre ot his dingy shop, a huge leather apron covering liim from breast to foot, as be tinkers away on some bits of bright steel. He looks op, alertly, from under his bnehy browe, as Josie darkens the door. " Ah; my child 1" he sayB, in a hoarse, creaking voice. " I've come for the key," said she, advene, ing a step or two into tha room. He eyes her askauce, with a wicked smile rn Ilia thin eld lips. " What if it isn't done?" he says. "But you promised it should be done; I was to get it this morning!" returns Josie, with rising anger. "So. so, but I've changed my mind," clinekles the locksmith. "Bather risky work making keys from wax patterns, for girls like yon. Whbt do yau want with the key!" " I shan't tell you ; that's my business, not yours 1" storms Josie, with blazing black eyes. " You've made the key ; let me have it at once." " What a plucky little thing we are !" he replies, eying her with admiration. "No common blood shining in such eyes as them. Ye'll torn out to be a queen's daughter one o' these days." " No matter what I turn oat ; give mo the key." The old man shakes his heed. "I shan't make nctbing by the job," be Bays, ' and I ain't a-going to run the risk," Joeie's heart throbs with a bcrzible fear of disappointment. To fail now would almost kill her. " Sec here," she ssys, coming close to bis side, "yen shell bsve these for tlio joh." She dives her dimpled, brown hand into the pocket of her print frock, and brings np two chinking pieces of gold, Ilergodmotber gave ber oue the day she was christened, and the other was thrown to her from the car riage of a grand English lady, when the streets ot Mouiinn were gay with some crest , festival. " See," she ssys, chinking them in her ' hand, "give me the key, and you ehetl have these." The looksmith looks at them with greedy eyes. " GL' 'em here, then," he says, stretehing oat hie skinny hand. " Give me the key first," retorts Josie, shrewdly. He hobbles across to an old chest, and takes it from thence. "Here, then," he says, putting it in her hand, hie eyes still devouring the gold ; " take it." Josie takes it, bat she does not reHngnisb her money. " Now give me the cake of wax," she commands. The locksmith matters angrily, but be produces the bit of white wax. Sbo com pares the impress with the key, and seems satisfied. "How,'1 she continues, slipping both in her pocket, "promise mo to keep your tongue, and 111 promise to kBep mine." ' . "'lis a bargain," assents Hie locksmith; and she chinks her two golden pieces into his greedy palm and hurries oni. Josie has reached home nod faced her. scolding from the dame with silent endur ance, and received a smart box on her cheek in tbe bargain from that bnsy dame for idling way her time. But now, at last, tbe weary Saturday work is well over, and she gives her glowing face a harried wash, brushes baok her black curls, jumps into a clean frock, snd hurries ocross thn olive vale in tbe direction of Mount Chateauronx. She sees tbe mad folks swarming down the great walk as she reaches tlio iron gate ; but Jacques is sitting trader a tree, smoking his inevitable pipe, and he admits her with out delay. With her fragrant violets in her hand, she walks slowly on, peering about her with sharp, quick glances. Tbe mad folks flock about her, some singing, some laughing, some bowing with imposing dignity; but nowhere amid the motley throng does ebe see Baas. She pots her hand in her pocket and holds the little shining key tight, with an awfel fear at her heart. What if the poor lady does not come out to-day. She strolls on till she is quite near ill quaint, dismal front of the building, and then she looks up snd sees the French mad doctor coming down from tbe stone terrace, with Bess on his arm. She looks dreadfully white and in, find al most reels as she walks; bat she spies Josie : below, and makes a faint, swift gesture with her left hand. | Josie sits down nndei a huge tree, s little ' aside from the walk, and writs in fierce im patience. They come down from tbe terrace, snd walk slowly out into the grounds, and pre sently the doctor leads his patient to a seat. He is a small, wiry man, with a face that reminds one of a ferret, snd while poor Bess leans back in ibc rustic scat snd nuts her thin hands to her white face, he walks up and down, with his hands behind him, and his small, gleaming eyes looking in all direc tions, as it seems, in rife same moment. Josie waits till she can endnre the delsv no longer. Then she gets op, and with her violets in her band, goes straight aoross to the spot where the mad dootor stands. He knows her for the keeper's daughter, and node at her in quite a friendly fashion. "Please, Dr. Lenoir," says Josie, looking straight into bis face with her bright, fear less eyes, " may I go cod give that pooreick lod v over yonder these violets ?" He looks at her hard, bnt her eyea do not falter. Then he reaches forth, ani taking the violc-ts from her hand, examines them closely. They conisin no dangerous letters, no sharp instruments, no false keys or burglar's tools ; so be nods his assent, and Josie takes them, and hurries away to the poor lady's side. " I've brought yon some more violets," she says, sitting down bsEide her, and putting the flowers in her hand. Bess looks up, her poor, wistful eyes pitiful to see, her face as white as death. "Heaven bless yoc !' she falters. ThM her voice ieils. and with s choking sob she drops her face down upon the fragrant blossoms. Josie catches her arm, and gives it a sharp pincb. "Try to be ealm," she whisoers; "the mad dootor is looking. Try net to betray yoais-'t"' " I sm ill — 1 thought I was dying last night— hat Icau't die; and I shall never get away from this horrible place !" moans poor Bess, in a childish way. Josie looks at her with fierce impatience in her black eyeE. " Why, wbat a weak creature yon are !" she save, contemptuously. ' You'll rein all if you go on in this way. I leli you the mad doctor is watching ns. Can't you hold up your bead, and stop crying 1 Here, talk about eometbing. See these leaves; let'e make a wreath of them." She gathers a handful of leaves from tbe nearest 'branch, and begins to assort them, and poor Bess, commanding herself bp a great effort, makes a feeble show of interest. Meanwhile the mad dootor walks np and down, bis slender, nervous hands behind bis back, his keen eyes taking cote of every thing around him- Bnt he detects no signs of treachery, and at last he strolls sway to another part of the grounds, and Bess and her yonug companion were left to them- ' selves. I " I've got the key," ssys Joelc, in her curt, decided way, " and you are to unices your eel! and try to get out into tire grounds alter midnight. 1 shall bo here " — But ebe stops short, for Bess, utterly overcome by tbe near prospect ol liberty, utters a faint gasp, end reds back into her seat. Joeie's anger flames np. Tbe girl, young as ebe is, is so wondrouslp developed, eu strong, so fearless, so enduring, that she j has little pity or patience for mere feminine j weakness. " Now faint if yon like," she says, scorn- fully, " and I'll go bome and leave yon. If you're not strong enough to gain yoor liberty, yon don't deserve to have it." She tarns on her heel, and walks down tbe avenue in tbe direction of the gates. Bese sitB stunned an instant." Then com prehending wbat baE happened, ebe leans np anddsrts after her. "Ob, for mercy's sake," she implores, catching bold of the girl's arm, " don't leave mel" Josie turns back on tbe instant, and tha tears rise in her eyes at the eight of the piteons, Buffering face. " Yon mnet be cBlm and strong, then," she says; "you'll betray yourself if yon i,«w, JUWMUK, iou wou e ibwe or scream, will yon ?" ' " No, indeed; I'm strong now," cries Bees, making a piteons effort to steady her shaking limbs. " Then here's the key," continues Josie, bringing it up from the depths of her pocket, snd slippicg it into Bess's hand. " Hold it fast-, and he sure you don'i let it be seen. Now walk along, and listen to wbat I tell you." Bees hides the shining hey in her bosom, just above her poor, throbbing heart, and walks along by her young friend's side, with tbe meek obedience of a child. " Yon are to make tbe attempt to-night," resumed Josie, walking, and pretending to gather leaves for her garland, " after yon hear the midnight bell strike— say an boar after — because paps goes on doty at mid- nigbt, and he will help as, I think. Bat you must watch for a good time, when everyone is still, and unlock yoor cell door and slip out. Tixe bey always stays in the big door at the end of tbe long corridor, and yon mast unlock that, and net out as silently as yon can. I'll be at the foot of the eastern turret, under tho ivy, to meet yon. Now, do yon think yon can be qniet, and go through with it?" ''Yes, Td do anything to get out of this place. V " Well, there comes papa, and it is. his hoar to go home. Good-bye/' She holds out' her dimpled brown hand, and Bese clasps it and covers it with kisses. < " Heaven will reward yen !" she falters. Bnt Josie sees the mad doctor coming np again, and hurries away. ' ' CHAPTER XIV. IDE ESCAPE. "I should like to know what's come ever that girl I Look at her, Jacques 1 This is the third time she's bounced up' from the table -to run to the winder and stare out. And it comes ot her gaddin' op to that old madhouse so much. 2 tell ye, Jacques; that's what ails her, and ncthin' else, and s stop must he put to it." Dams Ferris delivered this rather icdig. naut outburst as die sal ( sit sapper with her husband j on the felt- same afternoon upon which our lost chapter closes. "Hash, dame," responded stolid Jacques, helping himself to auotber bowl ' of por ridge ; "'don't let yourtongue ran away with your wits. What barm can come of tbe lass walking under the trees at Mount Chateau- ronx ; crazy hain't a catcbin' disease, sb ever I've beard. If 'twas, my wits would ha' been gone long ago, I'm a thinbin'." Jnst then Josie draws in her early head, and turns to her father, with flushed cheeks and eyes all a-glitter. " Papa," she says, ' I sec the carriage from Nivernois Court coming down the lace." " Well, little one, 'tain'i likely it's coming here," replies Jacques. " We don't have visitors from Nivernois Court." " Sit down snd cat that bowl of porridge," commands the dame, severely. Josie is en obedient girl, snd she loves this stern, sensible "dame," eo she begins to eat ber porridge witb that vigor of will which ia her great characteristic. Bnt the clatter of hoofs and wheels in the yard very eoon puts an end to the frugal evening meal. Jacques starts np from the table and rnne to the door, followed by bis wife, bnt Josie hangs back, with an eager look in her eyes, and a vivid bloom on her round cheeks. It is the carriage from Nivernois Court.and amis the silken cushions sits Lord St. Aubyn himself. He leans out and looks inquiringly about, and his eyes catch sight of Josie, who has approached the window. She nods end makes a swift snd Eiient gesture. " Now, my good friend." speaks ont the marquis, assured by her gesture that all is right, snd addressing Jacques, who stands bareheaded and astonished before him, " oan yon give me yonr attention for s fen minutes t If yon can, I think I have some thing to suggest that may prove a benefit to us bath." " I am at yoor service, my lord," replies Jacques. " Can't you ask his lordship to get down, and walk in ?" cries the dame, re provingly. " 1 suppose 1 might. My lord, will yon get down and come in ?" No," replies bis lordship, blandly. " Yon jnst step up here and take a ee.it beside me, and we'll drive ont towards Mount Chateau- ronx, and you shall hear what 1 have to say on the way." Jacques leaps up, and is soon seated upon the eilken cushions, in rather a dubious manner, and the grand carriage, with its blooded bays, rolls ulcwiv away. The dame shades her e;ea with her hand and looks curiously ailer it- „ " Now what docs his lordship want, I'd like to know ?" she mutters. "And ten to one Jacques wen't let a word cut when he comes bome, he is eo close-mouthed." Jotia watches tbe handsome equipage, too, and when it disappears, ruus into the house, with a flushed face, end begins to gather np the capper dishes in an eager and excited manner, that confirms ibe dame in her idea that -'crazy" it a c&tchis-g; malady. Meantime the Nivernois carriage nears tbe great iron gates of the madhouse, and Lord St. Aubyn gszes out towards tha grim tar rets wilh a strange thrill, half horror, half blissful expectation, at hiujjcsrt. _CMLii.be true that the little girl that beloved, as be shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible place ? It must be alj a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done such a heartless deed. But be must go on — be must eee the end of it. He tarns to the wondering peasant at his side. " Now, my man, to come to the point at once, would yon like to eh&cge; yonr occupa tion ?" "Yes, my lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, unhesitatingly, i H:s iordebip nods approvingly. ' Well, I want a head groom at Nivernois : Court. Yon understand about hones? Very jjwell, whatever your pay is, I'll double it. | "Will that do?" Jacques looks up, amazed. " Ky lord, you arevery kind — " No," interrupts St. Aubyn, " I want you to do me a favor, and this is one of my in- duaemente. Here is another." He takes from his pocket a green silk puree, filled to the clsep with glittering gold, and puts it iu tbe keeper's hands. Now," he says, before the man has had time io speak, " I'll E-amo my favor, my good fellow. I've a friend up there" — pointing towards tho dark turrets cf tbe inadhotire — ' a dear friend. Sbc's-a deli cate, tender girl" — his voice shaking — "end ehe was pledged to be my wife. They told me sbe died, and for two years I've mourned for her. To-day I find she's in there — not mod. mind you, but a prisoner, buried stive. He stops and wipes the great drops from his ashen brow, while Jacques stares at him in wonder. "Now," continues St. Aubyn, "I might demand her — force them to give her np to1 me ; bnt that takes time, yon see, and would cause trouble and delay. All this I must avoid, and I must have ber ont ibis night. Will you help me !" "What can I do ?" inquires Jacques, help lessly. " Let the gate remain open to-night, only for a short time, and shut yonreyes and ears to all yon see and bear. The rest will he ' managed by others. , 8o take the gold, and keep it for a marriage-portion for yonr pretty, black-eyed daughter. Yonll do it— a deed of mercy?" Jacques muses a moment, his eyes on the plethoric puree, his brain bnsy with JosTe'e future; then he looks up, and answers stonily : . " Yes. myldrd, Ffl do it." "Spoken like a than! And when do yon come to live at Niveinoie Conrtf" - " The first of the month, my lord." Very well. Drive me back, now, Ed wards." . ' . Tbe carnage rolls baok the way it came, and Jaoqoca gets out at his own door. " For mercy's Oaks, husband, what did Ins lordahip jwanlj'l ories the dame the instant he enters the house. "Nothing," responds Jacques, quietly,- " only we're going to Nivernois Conrt the first of fhe month/' ' '- " To live?" excitedly shrieks the amazed .-woman."."'" . Jacques only nods; but Josts ean zesd. his face likea'bobk.and she sees that all is right: Apreat, hoarse beR, in one of the grim': turrets of Mount Chateanronx, tolls for mid- ; night. BQenocaeof the grave reigns within J and oronnd tbe qnecr old place. A solitary 1 sentinel paces np and down the long corridor that laces the endless lure ol cells, but the doors are all so strongly -and ho Securely locked, and the inmates hsva been so ad mirably trained under the rale cf Dr. Lenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to eechpe is sn- ticipatefi, and it is no unusual thing for the guard oi the hour to slumber at his post, leaning against one of the huge stone pillars, or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the end of the corridor. The guard dozes now, sitting in the chair, with his feet elevated high above his head, and a long-stemmed pipe in his month — dozes and puffs away again at intervals, taking all tbe comfort to himself that bis situation affords. His trained ear can catch the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning he wonld be np and in puranit of any poor sool who shoedd be foolhardy enough to attempt an escape. In her cell down hslow, on ber knees, in the dead, hot dexkeess, with (ho little ebiniag key clasped in ber thin white hands, poor Bess waits and watches. She has heard the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout -nun counting ber beads, she kneels there trying to oonnt tbe laggard momrnls as they pass. In an hour's time, as zeurly as ebo can tell, she miiBt make the attempt. Sbe knows too well, if sbe ehcnld fail, no other chance will ever come to ber ; and she lifts ber wan face' in tbe dara- nefB, and asks God to help ber, ns a helpless litflo child might ask an esrtfaly father. Ob, to breathe the free, pure air once more; to be away from all these poor, witless facES ; to get out into tho world, and make her way back to the old cantonment, andito Redmond Career I That is her dream, as ehe kneels there ; that has been her dream for ever two long ycere. Strangely enough, all the yearning cf her imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithful love of her girlhood. Sbe scarcely ever thinks Of the man who held her later promise to become his wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have been lost to her with ail that brief, feverish life she led at Mount Storm House, and she hae no wish to reclaim him, herold life and her earliest, love fill her soul so completely. She rises to ber feet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with her hands, after some little trouble sbe inserts tbe key in tbe lock. It fits; sbe turns it with a elow, nose less motion, and her prison door is open. For one short instant Bhe stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring ecund in ber cars, a tremor in ber limbs. Bnt ehe remembers Josie and Josis's warning, and her strength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She tikes the key from the lock, slips out, and closing the cell door, she locks it from the outside, removes the key, and hides it in her bosom. Then she starts down the long, black corridor with a step like the wind. A dim light glimmers at tbe far-end, revesting the double line of cells, and the gaard dozing and smoking in the old cbair. She fi.ta along like a shadow, snd has al most reached the far end, her heart throb bing violently as sheneara ihe guard, when all at oneethe flap over one of the cell win dows flies op, and a wild, . woeful face peers out, the iacebf a manias woman. Her blood shot eyes glsrc out into tbe semi-gloom, and lighten Besses she lies along, and then a wild shriek rings out upon tbe silence. "There she goes 1 Catch her— catch her i There goes the pale-fsced ghost 1" Tbe guard is on his feet in an instant, and dashing down towards the cell. Half a dozen keepers, roused by the unusual outcry, start np in different directions end hurry to the spot; and poor Bess, more deed than alive, totters on till she reaches the old chair, and then, witb the instinct c! a wild creature brought to bay, she crouches down behind it. CHAPTER XV. A SDDDES 1VEDMNO. The guards and keepers bustle Bbont from cell to cell, and the maniac woman still shrieks at them to catch tbe pale-faced ghost. Bnt there is no ghost to be seen, and they find tbe cell doors ail locked and qoiet, and altera little more parading and a few octbs at the maniac, they disperse and return to their former quarters. Tbe keepers drop down and arc eoon eonnd asleep egain, bat rhfl c»«vd Of ariS Jun'u uul- p&seing; and repassing poor Bess erouchlngin ber hiding place. She clasps her hands and prays that she may die, rather then be consigned to ber dreary cell again, and while she prays the guard vanishes. He bethinks himself that there is some brandy on a table ic the re ception room above, and feeling unusually thirsty and sluggish, he inns np to refresh himself. . Bess bears bis retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless steps, and she stands before the great outer door, and, as Josie said, tbe huge key is in tbe lock. She seizes tbe key with both hands. It turns in the lock with a rasping sound, and tha doer swings open. Sbe darts ont, leaving it wide open behind her, flies along the subterranean conrt, up the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. Tbe silent summer skies are above ber — the cool, damp winds lan her hot brow. As she stands dazed witb tbe blissful fancy that she is free, a figure darts ont from the ivy gloom, and a firm hand grasps her arm. "Here you arc at last," whispers Josie's voice. "Come— quick 1" Sbe hurries her ont towards the main gate, which they find standing slightly sjsr. "Come," urges Josie ; and ebe drags ber hslf-fsintiDg companion through, and ont Into the narrow path that leads down the steep. They are scarcely ont when a figure rises silently from tbe roots of a hoge tree, and in a twinking the gate is locked, and Jacqnes plods np and down the gravel, puffing away at his pipe, as stolid and impenetrable as flu desert sphinx. Meanwhile Josie puts her dimpled fist ic her red month, snd ntters'a faint -Whistle like the cry -of a bird, still holding her < com panion's arm- Swift EE thought another figure shoots up from amid the olive growth — a' taTl, impoi- ing -figure this time. He leaps hp tbe crag, nd reaches Joeie's side. " . ."Bess," he gasps— "£css,my darling, ie ityou?" ' r ' Bess lifts her. wan, white face, and the moon ebines through s rift inthe low-lying cloudB Snd falls full npon It. - 8t. ; Aubyn seas it, reoognises . it in a breath/and catches her in his arms witfa a low, passionate cry. ' -Bnt she struggles, to freehereelf,n etrangecxpressionlnher. wiBt- -fnlqyes. ' - - "Oil, let me go, Lord Et. Aubyn," she murmurs, in a broken, piteous voioe, " I'bad no thought oi seeing you. I— I hoped it was - Redmond? - St. Aubyn dees not comprehend her faltering words, and holds ber fESt, all his old, mad, Efaort-livcd love blazing up afresb. Sensible, matter-of-fact Josie, bowever, pots an end to bis little love scene witb great coolness. " My lord," she says, touching bis aim. and pointing witb a nod of her enrly bead towards the madhouse, on the upper terrace of which onnsnal lights . are gleaming, "Look there! Io a few minutes tho keepers will be In pursuit of ns. Don't yon think we had better escape while we oan f " _ "Yes, yes; what a fool I am 1" cries St. Aubyn ; and taking Bsss in his strong arms, as he caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down tbe eteep.at a headlong pace. It is characteristic cf the man that he shonld forget Josie and lose eight of her danger; he never cared lor any earthly thing save bis own self-gratification." And at this moment it pleases and charms him to have Bess restored to him in this ro- mantio and qaatvellous fashion. So he dashes down, clasping her closely, utterly unmindful whether tbe child behind bim breaks ber neck or not. It might have been as well for my lord, tbe Marquis of _ St. Anbyu, if ebe bad, taking after events into consideration ; bnt tbero was little fear hi such a osiaetrophe. Joeie's foot was sb fleet acd sure as tbe foot of a mountain chamois, and sbe descended the dangerous path, and was at the door of tbe carriage, which ctocd in tbe valley below, qnite as eoon as my lord himself. He sprang in, still olaBping Bess. in his arms, and then, turniDg to speak to the driver, be saw the girl to whoso wondrous courage and skill be was indebted for bis greet happiness. "Ah, 1 bod quits forgotten," be eaid. "Come, my brave little girl, jump io." Joeie's tearless syce had something very near akin to contempt in their shining depths, as sbe looked np at the handsome nobleman. " No, my lord," she said, quietly, " I am going homo." Bnt Bess struggled np and pnt ont her white face. ' Please — oh, please don't leave me 1" she entreated. "Hush!" interposed St. Aubyn, before Josie could answer; "you niBy rest now, my darling, and -go witb me. She shall came to yon to-morrow. Come to Nivernois to-morrow, my girl— do yon hear?" Josie nodded, and the carriage dashed off down the river-road, wbile the girl pursued her way across tbe grove to tbe little cottage on the suburbs of Monlins. Tbe hot, cloudy night is ended, and over : the hills tbe Sabbath morning dawns. A bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff breezs ruffling the river, and drifting the fleecy clouds across the dazzling river. In the white bqndoirat Nivernois Conri, on a white velvet couch, all starred and fringed with silver, Bess lies. Her toilet has jnst been made, in obedience to my lard's order, and Felice, the French maid, hae found that wondrous becoming wrapper o! white and bloc silk somewhere amid the many treasures of Nivernois, and clothed Bess's willowy figure in it. There she lies, fair ns a snow-drop, peeeive as a babe, a great wistful tenderness in ber brown eyes.- Mrs. Heatb, tlie housekeeper, appears with a dainty breakfast on a silver tray, and insists that tbe young lady most eat ; and Bess rites obediently, end tries to eat the broiled bird, and the roll; though every morsel threatens to choke ber. Then she lies down again, she feels so tired and weak, and listens, in a languid way, to tbe Sabbath bells chiming in Moulins, wondering wbat the poor creatures at Mount Chateauroux are doing — silent teats of gratitude trickling down her cbeekg meanwhile. She is (rer, but yet there is a look oi regret in ber sweet, meek eyes. She bears the bsllB again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian lite; she thinks ol her father, and her tears flow faster. "Ab." she mnrrcurs, despairingly, "ifl could have gone to Rrdmond ! Oh, poor Red mond I — shell I never see him again ?" A quick, buoyant step ringe upon the marble tiles without, and there ia a sharp, impatient rap at tbe door. "Ci/lltc iiif h&yB; PtMjinnuiiljyt — - flt,- Anbvn enters. He reaches tbe couch at a bound, snd luis the little, passive figure in his arms. " My poor little dove, my precious little Bees !" he half sobs, dropping hot kisses on her trembling month end white checks. " Ob, to think how I have believed yon dead and bnricd, and how I have mourned tat you ! Oh, Bess, Bess, if yen had come to ma i from your coffin, it could cot seem etrer.gor. ! I am eo happy. Child, what makes you 1 tremble? Ate you afraid i Why, a week no ; harm can reach you bare. You are mine— j mine tolove and cherish forever. Bees, loos at me ; let tne sec yonr sweet eye ; and tell | melt yon are plod to get beck to me again t" Befis looks op, and meets his mermcrio j gaze, and a faint flash rises in her waxen , cheeks. His eyes have lost none of tbeir eld i dangeroUB power. " Yob," ehe falters, "lam glad." " And yon will do preoisely SB I wish yon, dearest 1" continues St. Aubyn. " Yea, my lord." He breskB into a gay laugh, and covers Per face witb caresses. " Then, yon demure little nnn," he cries, exultantly, "in an boor Irom now yon shall say, not my lord, bnt my hosband. - See here, Bees, this is your wedding ring, till — till — well" he stammers and falters, remembering that Lady Cassandra now wears tbe old St. Anbyn opal, in token of her en gagement to-himself — "till I can get the old opal you once wore. It shall be yours yet; bnt this will do now, in its stead. There is a priest all ready in tho honse, and we will go neiore sue via rKivernois sirsr, ana oe made man and wife; and then, my awn love, no earthly power ehall part us. Shall it not be sa !" A faint sob escapee her, and ehe looks op at bim with entreating eyes. ' " Ob, my lord," he falters, " yon are good and kind, bnt it must not be — it cannot be. Don't you know that she loves yon ? — Lady Cassandra. I mean? Donlt you know that she parted ns, and pot me in that dreadful place, because — because she could not bear to see me your wile S" "Yes, 1 know," St. Aubyn breskB out fiercely, purple veins Btarting ont on his white brow. "There is no need to remind me oi all. the wrong yon have suffered at that wicked, heartless woman's hands. Bnt tbe hands pt vengeance is now at hand. Lady Cassandra's pride shall be humbled in the dost beneath yonr feet, my darling. I shall do it, though she were a hundred times my cousin." Bess starts np, her lace white with pain and terror. Ob, my lord;" she gasps, " don't say Each terriblethingB 1 The past is done with now, and I am free. If I oan forgive her, sorely yoncan." "So, IfesE, ;! cannot forgive her- I ehall hand her over to he dealt with fay the law." . "My lord, (or shame, " cried Bess, with flashing eyes,- "and she a woman sprang from the same race 1 She -was forced into doing whet she -did by your neglect end in fidelity;" Sbe loved yon, my lord, And looked upon yon as her promised husband. Yon shonld never have deserted her for me." - "Besa l" exclaims his lordship. "It is the troth, my lord. -But it is too late -even nowtonndo all this wrong. Yon must go haok'/to her," my . lord,'- and be troetoher, and teliher that Itreely forcive her." - - /And yon, Bess, my d Jng?" queries St Anbyp, with sn amused emilo oil. his lip. — (7h be toiUmutd.\ "Sec," said Jomc, ciiinHiig the .cold in her "give mc the key, and you slul! have these.' "Oil, for mercy's sake,' implores Cess, catching hold of the gitis arm. "dou't leave mc!" "Here yon are at lust," whlspersfjoae. "Come— onidtf . 