NEWS LETTERS. fFrom our own Correspondents. I PORT BKODGHTON. Mav 22. We are getting some splendid rains, and farmers are beginning to build high hopes for the future. The mice plague here is almost incredible to those who have not witnessed it. I caught 150 in my own kitchen with one packet ot poison. 1 saw a heap of from 100 to 150 at Darling's wheat stack, which the agent assured me came from under one bag. Tbe corner of Darling's stack fell a few days ago, and Cave's followed suit to-day. The lumpers informed me that they picked up in one day eight bags of wheat around one stack. They are as bad, or worse, in the scrub, the woodcutters and others losing their hats, coats, shirts, and even their boots are taken possession ofv One person informed his storekeeper the other day that if he did not send out some poison he would wake up some morning and b&ve; to go naked to the township to get n new rjg out. It is no uncommon case, but a very general thing, for householders and even the occupants of tents to destroy 200 & night. People a mile or two from the beach say that they appear to be travelling from the beach inland. If cleared one night they, their ghosts, or relatives reap pear next night. We expect a large gathering at our banquet on Monday next ; but much regret is expressed at Mr. Kimber's inability to come, for though, not a very talkative mem ber when in Parliament, his manly charac ter has made for him many friends. A short time ago Port Broughton was favored with a visit from the Moonta Fisks, or B.C. Concord Society. People expected to hear some good singing from a company with so talented a musician as Mr. John H. Thomas as leader, but were not prepared for such a treat as they experienced. The expression and taste we question if it can be surpassed by any professional troupe in the colonies, while the voices are by no means of an inferior class. We now learn that they are about to visit Broken Hill, where we wish them every success, and only regret that our port is not on the line of route, for should they again visit us we can guarantee them the largest house ever packed into our local Institute. MOUNT BRYAN, May 23. After a long spell of dry weather and clouds of locusts, which cleared off all the green feed, people began to pull long faces, as feed was scarce and the ground too hard to work, and too dry to start the seed eown. Last week a welcome chanpe took place, when some nice showers of rain fell. About three-quarters of an inch fell during the week. Last Monday and Tuesday nights we had a few more light showers. Yester day rain began to fall about 2 p.m., and continued with very little intermission till 2 p.m. to-day. We must have had nearly three inches since yesterday morning, which will put people in better spirits, as many thought we were bound for a very dry winter. Like other parts of the country, we have had more sickness lately than usual in the way of severe colds, erysipelas, and sore eye?. ______«___ 