Sporting Gossip. [By the Vagbant.] Dr. Bowman, of Singleton, has purchased Monte Christo, and the grey son of Chester and Kathleen will do stud duty m the Patrick's Plains district during the approaching season. Monte Christo was a very fast two-year-old, among his cood deeds being his second to Newstead in the Maribyrnong Plate, his victory in the Juvenile Stakes when Dunlop was second ; he also won the Normanby Stakes and the Sire's Produce Stakes, whilst his stable mate Uralla downed him in the Ascot Vale Stakes. As a three-year-old he was second to his stable companion Matchlock in the St. Leger. Like the majority of the late Hon. James .White's cast offs he did very little since he ran under an- other jacket. Those backers who looked forward to Steeple- chase day to pull thom through and retrieve their fallen fortunes, which carne to grieE at Flemington and Rosehill, w ere very much out in their reckoning, for on Saturday last only one favourite got home in the five races, and the pencillers reaped a rich harvest. Few of them had written old Ellerslies name in tho ©rand National Hurdle Race, and as Fearless II., who won the Steeplechase, had also very few admirers, those who had double books went through that very agreeable experience known as " skinning the lamb." By the way the result should have boen otherwise very popular among the profession, for Ellerslie is the property of Bob Phillips, a member of the ring, who backed the veteran to win him a thousand, and also saved him in his book,-rather a plucky and lucky thing to do, for the trainer did not think the old son of Alphany had the ghost of a chance and did not put a bob on him-not even the Bob who owned him. Fearless II., who won the Grand National Steeplechase and Maiden Steeplechase in run-away style, is by a horse called Postmaster, and is owned and was ridden by Mr. J. S. Edge, and the plucky amateur was highly complimented on his performance. Rae had terrible bad luck with his horses : he ran second on Donald in the Grand National Hurdle Eace, second on Titokowaru in the Steeplechase, and second on Orangeman in the Open Steeple- chase. The well- kept Bendigo was made a great favourite for the Lawn Handicap, and Ben Bolt's handsome little brother repaid the Queenslander for their trouble by winning as he liked. A total of .£7439 was paid away in stakes. Peter Jackson leaves San Francisco for Sydney to-day. The cable has given us this news, and it is bo unexpected that I scarcely know what to make of it. Sam " Fitzpatrick" did hot hint at such an early return in his communication to me by last mail, but of course it is possible that Peter has f oxind his occupation gone in a country where all the pugilists knock one another out with pen and ink, and as he cannot get a match on he would like nothing better than a flying visit to the land of his youth. Sullivan has ev'dent'y no intention of meeting Pater, indeed ho has crawled into a hole and pulled it in after him. Kilraia does not want to box him, and would not be allowed to do so by the authorities for come months even if his inclina- tion went that way. Corbett has no heart for the job, and says he is under an engagement not to fight; Slavinisin England where he will remain so long as Jackson is out of it, and as for all the rest of the Americon world beaters they don't seem fit for much more than posing for photographs and whack- ing faked mills. George Godfrey, the colo-ed gentle- man whom Jackson defeated easily, can beat them all, one down another come on. Anyhow the Australians in 'Frisco seem to be going in for con- siderable dispersing, for Billy Murphy, the invin- cible, arrived in Sydney on Wednesday on a short visit, and whilst hero will probably be aBked to diagnose the anatomy of Griffo. ¿lilly M'Carthy did not remain long a'ter his defeat by long Fitz simmons, for he wended his way to old Ireland, from whence he issued a challenge to fight Toff Wall, whose ambition ifWjvays has been to meet Jaok Dempsey. I think the illustrious William would show his wisdom by leaving the energetic Toff severely alone. The sensation of the week has been the execu- tion of a commissio i for the Melbourne Cup on the New Zealand horse Cuirassier on behalf of the stable. It is said the com. amounted to about ¿215;000, .»?ad -the-publie- followed- the lead for .£10,000. Cuirassier is now fiist favourite for the great handicap at 100's to 5 and 6. He is a son of i Musket and Frailty, carries 9st., and is the pro- perty of Messrs. Duder. He ran second in the Hawke's Eay Guineas to Manton ; won the Auck- land Trial Stakes, 1 mile, 7st. lllb. ; won the Great Northern Derby, beating Malton and Hilda, in 2-40Î sees. ; won the St. Lege.* from Hilda and otheu j and this year won the Victoria Handicap, 1 mile, with 9st. 41b. up in 1 min. 44J sers. He will be five years old Melbourne Cup time, and is undoubtedly a great racehorse, but my readers should leave him alone, at least until they discover if his owners make the mistake usual with Maori'andtfrs, that is keep their horses at home till the last moment, instead of bringing them over a couple of monthB before their engage- ments. By the way it would seem that the introduction of the colossal stake by the V.R.C. should sound the death knell of gigantic wagering, for the sum of .£7000 or .£8000 is a very big wiu for most of the owners without chancing a shilling in speculation, and in addition there are several very large sweeps, and it is only fair to expect that a proportion of the stakes from these will be laid to nothing to the owners of runners. Indeed horseownera eau now stand upon the velvietest of velvet, for it is possible for one of them to win a large fortune without danger of losing more than the first "fiver"paid as enti ance money. Tb e remainder of the forfeits and sweep will be subscribed by those fortunate people whodiaw the nags in the big consultations. Awordof advice about consultations may just now be in season : If you indulge in this method of speculation at all stick to promoters whose probity is well known and tried. Never mind the mushroom-like gentlemen with high sounding nom de plumes and glowing prospectuses. A pigeon shooting contest for the championship of the Northern distinct and ¿Ë100 will take place on the Newcastle racecourse this afternoon between Chud. Gorrick and Joe Readbead, both belonging to the coaly district. Gorrick, who is a mere youth, is a son of Mr. J. A. Gorrick, the well -known solicitor, and has been shooting wonderfully well lately. Redhead is a veteran shot, whose dreams ought to be haunted by slaughtered blue rocks, but the cognoscenti think Gorrick will win if he is not nervous. The Nowmarket Handicap winner Fishwife made her last appearance under silk in the Lawn Handi- cap run at Flemington last week, when she was ridden by Walter Hickenbotham, her trainer, and who also looks after Titan Carbine, and other cracks. Fishwife was a great mare over a short distance, and her stock'should bo in request. Another busy time is coming for the followers of aquatics. Matterson pnd Brown meet on the Parra- matta on August 8 for .£100 a-side, whilst Roberts and Couche have a out for a century oi the 16th. MatterBon and Charles Stephenson, of New Zea- land, have come to terms for a contest to eventuate about the end of August, and the English repre- sentative Bnbear is not at all averse to another meeting with Matterson, upon whom all the scullers apparently look as a chopping block. The Sydney oarsmen have been recruited by Mr. Thomas Sulli- van, amateur champion of New Zealand, who is at present up the river with Matterson. Sullivan has won all before him as an amateur, and will turn professional. He is only 21 years of age, stands Oft. high, weighs close upon 13st., and ia a splendidly built fellow. The latest thing in turf nomenclature is Heau stontimommenos. Fancy a nag waltzing round with a name like that, and fanoy the prayerful feeling which would consume most of the hookies who would want to lay him ! The result of the sixty-third Liverpool Cup is just to hand, and is as follows .-Father Confessor, 1 j L'Abesse de Jouarre, 2 ; Shall We Rememher, 3\. It is a strange tbing to find two such religiously named horses aa the first and second, and it may be remembered that they occupied similar promin- ent positions in the Manchester Cup also, but with reversed places. Father Confessor is a son of The Abbott, whilst the mare, an Oaks winner, is by Trappist. By the way, a funny story is told of her Manchester Cup victory .. A Salvation Army Captain had a mongerel dog suffering from an abscess on the jaw about the time, and, being superstitious, he backed Lord Randolph Churchill's filly, and, of course, won. It is, however, too much a play upon words, let alone upon credulity, to go down! There will be good sport at the Hop Bitters Ground this afternoon, and in the evening the third Gaslight Novice Handicap will be run. Mr. J. O. Inglis has purchased the steeplechaser Titokwaru from Rae for 670 guineas. In the Maori language Titokowaru simply means " man eater." I am glad to be able to chronicle that the amal- gamation of the Northern Jockey Club and the Maitland Amateur Race Club is an accomplished fact. The rejuvenated body intends making a bold bid for popularity, and have therefore re- duced the members' fee to £1 Is, which gives the privilege of free admission to the grand stand and several ladies may also accompany the bearer. " The Singleton Jockey Club publishes an excellent programme in this issue for its meeting on October 23 and 24. The added money amounts to .£370, and nominations are due on October 2. 