Local and District 1News. 3lrs ilarrison, postmisitress ait Harrison's post- ofllie Ierrigum, whilst returning home fromi a visit from solr.e frien'ds atTnriptaon Suliaiy eievoningl'hit,ws thrown from a speing cat opposite Mr. O'Ialloren's.- The unfiirtu inte woman, it is supl'pnd, fell oil her? Ge'tdj hrnercrains being head biy hfanaily; cl'sq .by Wlien fbtund she wrs uacoicntousf;,but'no h~opL was held ont by her ntitienlat, DrTroad! ,Iira Iliirrison never rallied, expidring lon Tuieitay; her remains being. interred in the Tataitarcome?. terynon TWednesday aftori? n. All thid eaidents 'ttended the funeral of the t?ceased,'who w?as' 52 years of age; and universalls likedt and res pected. Sympathy in tendered MrlHarrison in his sand and sudden aiflietion. Tho.horao is a quiet one, and hadl been driven by the deceased for thepast 15 years. The animal bolted and got clear-ff'the cart; which .was o artaitiied. IMr John.llargwana Ithas seveored hisacon-, nection with the Mrermy Tiver S'nck, Station, and Commiasion Agency Co; mid Mr .Muggridge, a compeletniisalesman, takcelsbs place. . .A mai named Wolshie was stroekby anotaer named Nolan atthe IMrehison channel works on Ilondoy..-.Walot had his skul-foctaetreti and died. Nolan gave hiomself up to thopolice. The lunhbwoth ghost, who has been' trying to frighten 'i newly.married couple- in. that historic township by writing letters sigt?ed Jack the Ilipper, turns out,. o we are in formed,.to be a young girl in the employ of thoeladty and genttleman mentioned, who was anxious to return to her htne, aild resorted to the m'enits above stated to secure Iher rt!ease. 'No wheat, as yet, is beirg.d.spatcbed fromn tiha.Tatetr railway tatidon, but. large qusutitics of oats and barlcy are dilly being sent away. The prie'saire:ried ky the motropolitant rates. ~ The timber;for the Tatura cool storage shed hiaving arrived,ati the locil station, the cottrac tor tI expected to commenico the erection of the building next week: `' . : The ladies of:Kybhtnatind district are in=t aei thntto"Isissrs iX t louitctok=ad:Cdtbrie engngcd?,Mlss . Cnameroa' .(of liobortsbon nd MIlofft's)'.tiundertake.tho dressmaking doe partment of their now extensive busititas. ' The Iyabram resident's are 'idignaut at the water not being hid on, thie Rodney Shire Councilhaving promised to push on the work last August. Last week's meetingof the trust lapnsil, a correspondent to the 7Moorooputi paper asserting thliat Mr ooney, the secretary,should have left his books behind him, or appointed some person to take his ploce, when he left Tatura on his month's holiday.. Mr ,obu llatcliffe, an old resident rif Kyab. raio, died on Friday, 10th. 22 apricot trees in Mr George McNabb's orchard, Kiallo West, yielded fruit worth '£4.. Half of the traeep are quly two years old, and thhe tree atnd four' eirs old averaged Lie a tree. The Kyabram Vigilance Committee held a meeting last work, Mr Unitt presiding. The action of Mr Unitt asking the departitent for a Jargerbnildintgfor theo. ew state school was confirmed. It was decided to ask the president of thie Rodney Shire to advertise tenders fur works and call a meeting of tho.trnst for the 27th, which has been done. .The necessity of runuing atmail between Kyabtitnn and iMetehan' post-olfice, six miles, and Kvabram to St (er tmatln', is to be brought under the notice of tho .postmaster.general. Meoars J Colliver, F: Matthews, H Ffalkyard and the Rev E Ileffernan were the only attenhd. ants at the meeting called for the p trpose of electing guardians of. lhd Church_ of tEglgand, Tatur,, last Friday evening, ionsequently tino business could be done. Anotlttr meuting will be held to-night., The pipe laying in mte slreets will probably be commeeced next week or thei week after, the contractor being in Tatura and ready to comllmenllce operations at once. The deputation from the Iodney irrigation trust, consisting of iaeasrs C 1 Wilson, John Iinorisseny, Martin Cuisen, antd Wm 1rnty, iitrodticed by Air W T \elbb,, had a most unsatisfactory interview willt the minister for twater s'upply in Melhontno ot Weednes day. .ie declined to capitalise the £47,000 as betwecn tho lloduey atd Echuot slid WYa ranga trusts re the ndjustment of accounts, and said the interest must b, paid at once. Mr Deakin further declined to rwipe off the debts existirgon the works, but someof those might be revaltud. The severance of Rodney fronitWaranga would bu atterided to shortly. The comwaisi:ouers were advised by one of our parli ementarians to throw up the sponge. A full report of the interview is to be prceeitcd iotho itust at its niextmeeting Measrs l'De1gg (chairmant), Wilson, Hallkyard, Layton, Hunter, Cahill, Poole, the Rev .D. F. O'Contiell, tid the secretary'attonded a meeting in connec tion with the annual lports demonstra tion in Tatura oit Wednesday,' 2(6th February, in thie show-groutnds, the pro coeds to go to the Mooroopnt hospital. .Apologies froi nbsenttees having been received 'nd the mintites (lisposdd of, it was decided to hold an entertainment in 'the.mecltauica' at- night, iMelssr A. W. Glendell, S. Murray, R. Oooki 0. Brady, J. Wellman, 0. Byrne, Camnpbell, T. Layton, antd I.,Poole.being appointed,to carry out tie nmusical and otller arrange ments. The Shepparton attd HIushworth -Brass Bands were to. be written to as to their willingness to perfortm on the grounlds, antd the termts required br each. The secretary was instructed to arrange for tile sale ,,f the publican's and other booths at Messrs M1. Cussen and Co.'s stock-sale,. Tatir, bn 'Thursday ttnext, January 30, the santoe to be adyertised. 200 nmembers' tickets at Sh. were' ordered to be irinted; Messrs .nayton and Poole agreed to take charge of tile gates,, the ctbrgo for dlmission 'to the grounida being fixed at is. It was suggested that tlhe various clergymen iin 'Tatura be written to and naked to lend their aid to the tovement in any practicnblo way. Tihe suggestion was, adopted. .One or two novelties were pronlised by Mr Cole, Mooroopna, and accepted. The pro gramtne'of sports as drawn up by thi sub-committee was agreed to. This in cludes a maiden plate of 2 sova, Jlaudi cap hurdle race of-. 8 nova, Shteffield. handicap of £15, district handicnp (for runtners witltin a radius, of 20 milea of Taturn) of 3 sovas, races for boys and girls under 12 and.16 years of age, m'etagerie, Qld -buffere', ..sack, bullock, Siaeiio, railway employ ta, cottsolation, and other races ; quoit mntch, hIop, step andd jump, tlrowintg the haniior, tug of w .r, throwing nt the wickert, anid running higih j.anp. 'Te'l prize money coutes to close eni £50. Notinations for the two pritncipal events close on Thutrsdlay 18th Februarj;, tiC l0 l.ins. 'After in structions thad.been given to hare 200 posterse printed and distributed,' the umeetiingclosed. We linve received: tile first issue of the .Victo'ian " Churchmnit," a jtiurnal devotedl to t "e procltial anid tlioiesano interrsts of thie Churclh of Etiglond in Victorin. Tho iiublieation is nticely pritied. Alid thIe issue tuder notice cot o"ins' 'Jaitl(ulo portraic~ of the ttuclh loved-J)ean of. Melbourne, the. 'Very 1lttr, 11Ii.3; ntacartney, D,I). The "Chrcthman " -is desoerviitg of every tupplort frot iltembors of theo Pro t.'stant tldeni!nination. ' ' Toolambn and other important' cor irespondence, Gazette notices and ?om neercial news unlvoidably hell over. In conunemoration of the first settle me?rt of Australia in 1788, Monday, 27thi January, has been gazotted a `public and bank holiday for Victoria. Sh'o annual meetin? of :subscribers to the Tatura and -Goiilbiirri V? ltieAgri uiltniinl, Pastoral, and . Hoitirulturil Society is advertised to; take place'oii Saturday week, 1st Febriary, aftorhe ordinary meeting takes pl ace he yearly report and balance-sheet 'andtbhe election of oflicers is sufficiently iriompt ant to secure a greant attendance of members at the Tatura Hall. \- In order to knoiw thei exact position of nffnirs' regarding the staunitg of the Rodney Irrigation Tr'ost, to get a 'definite ianwer fro6ithe lii'itistr-titli reference to the ,deferred interestihnd take steps to.complet the. severance of this trust .from .Echuca andt Warangin at thh lasit meeting of the truist, C?tn. Morriasey moved that "Coms: Cussen, Wilson, Kavaaingh, Lancaster, and the mover, and - as many as can makelt it convenient` to go down, be appointed a deputation to wait eon the Minister of Water Supply on VWednesday; the 21st inst., and ascertain the resal position ot affairs. Seconded by Com. Kavanagh and carried. Messrs Wilson, Cussen, Morrissey, and Bray proceeded to Melbourne on Tuesday evening, and had an interview with the Ministerpon Woilnedadiy; butwtithrlittle success;; .At"the. last.mineethig'of the Rodney Irrigation ,Ti'rst d6lmmishioners did not appeari very willing to proceed on the proposed inspection of the different irri gation and.water supply trusts of this colony and South Australia. This tour r had been postponed on account of har vesting operations, but noow that these are over there ate fresh obstacles in the way. It is a great shame that cirinris sioners cannot see their way to proceed on tihe trips and expand their ideas with respect to irrigation matters, especially as the Government has made provision for the free travelling of six of tlihe conlmmission. Coin. Ilorrissey ventured to remark that a more ignorant or un experienced Iholy, of persona (as faraps irrigation in its fullest bearinsge was .concerned) titan the Rodiney Trust never met. They were asked to expend half a million of money on a work of which they know little or nothing. The matter wah allowed to stand over until next meeting.. We have since .learnt that a number of commissioners have agreed to proceed on the tour of in spection about the end of niext month or-the beginning of March. A regatta in connection with the Mooroopna Rowing Club will be held next Monday, January 27, at Moo roopna, on the Goullurn. Five crews compete, one from Murchison, two from Mooroopns, and two fron Shepparton, tih first trial starting at 1 p.m. There should boe a lirgo concour?e of specta 'tors on the banks, of the river next iMonday afternoon. Messrs. J. Mualahy, O'llrieti Sullivan, and Fonaughty (2) were in troduced by Comt.. Morrisacy to the Rodney Trust. at its Ins..nmeeting, the commissionar stating that the deputa tion wanted a temporary channel to ho made to carry water to the dams on their property. This could be done at a small outlay, and would relieve a case of pressing necessity. Mr O'Brien said he was driving 60 head. of cattle three niles to a dam every day, and un less hlie got water at once the stoci must perish. Dirty water was what lie had to drinl at present. Messrs Mulcahy, Sullivan,- and E. Fenaughty detailed tihe har'dships they suffered 'from want of water, and Coms. Wilson antl Hogan supported the petitioners, wiho lived be tween 3 and-4 miles frorn tihe temporary channels and Mr Notman's.' The de putatiuon appeared to have a strong case, and would not be put off with pro mises from commissioners to see to the matter. They did not seem content, or leave the precincts of the hall, until the following motion was commnitted to paper and carried unanimously :-That the engineer take immediate steps to supply farmers on the drainage depres sion, viz., Messrs Fennughty, Mulcahy, Byrne, Sullivan, O'Brien, with' water for stock and domestic use, the amount of -expenditure in connection with such not to exceed £20. , PA meeting of the sub-committee of tlhe Tatura Turf Club was held at Mr. Mur ray's office on Tuesday evening, when the folloning programmne of races was approved of for the meeting to be held on Monday, 17th Marclh, at Tatura : Maiden plate of 10 sovs, tostart at half past one; handicap hurdle race of 15 sovees, 2.15 p.m.; handicap trot of 10 soees, 3.15; 'ratur handicap of 30 sove, 4.o'clock ; pony race of 5 sees, 14 hands and under, to start at 4.45 ; the: last event on-tie card,.starting at half-past five, being tlie.selling race of 10 sova. Thie secietary was instructed to get 100 morbeors. tickete at £1 prinrted, andil ar ramge for advertising and printing. Tile Full irpgrinme wdill appear i thidi paper hortljy . .. .-- . . The pay-sheet presaetdd at: tie last nmeeting of IRodney :Irrigntion Trust amrounted to £?38 12e 7,, £202 beina for mraintenance of channels, and .£54 add fir pnumrin g exjonses. ;£999 1s 3d hna now been expolded out of tie £1700 advanced to thie trust some short tinme back. The matter of establishing a receipt and pay office in Tatura has boeen settled for tihe present, a cormunication having been received froni Mr rlackell, l.P., anl tho deprlrtment atating that the Goverrnment carnnot. accede to tie re quest,'a reply.similar to an apnplicatior in 1888 for tie same offices. .However, as an agitation will have to he got up in favour of a ne post-oflice iir Taturar in lien of thie pIresenrt iRIaldequate, incon ventiet, and. stuffy huilding, the pro pousl tocrcnte a receilt and. pay. ofice in connectiin with, Tatura's future public etlifices niny meet rithl success., The prize-listof As T"A.nja-Atuion Show, connected with tlhd local Agricul tural-, and Pastoral Association, has beeni scan to us, .Tieo exhibiitln will take plance on Thlrs.lay, Februa y 20, Soin tile Show Grnouds, and will include .i lispliy of grain, fruits, dried -fruits, j an'id preserves , gardan produce, p nt.s, cut flowers, colonial ines,e; I +ni aecial `.products. ;In addition Sther-' ilrl be a h,.sei-jnamping contest for 10Orinid £,, prizes, over loose itumpa1:-. Entries are' required to be ili by Saturday, F6bruary. 15. Holiday excursion tickets will be granted at the different railway stations, within a oor tain radius of Taturn. Cook's Australassian Travellers' Guide and f'omoitiid Foreign Advertiser? for I January has reached us, and contains a fund of information dts tb thiddiff6~ret1 Iexcursions, routes, and , fares; to -ill parts of the world 'durig' this and the ensuing months of the year. The Mooroopna: people lhold their annual sports in aid of the Hosiital, on the 5th Msarch. An open pro menado cone rt will be held at night-in the sports -grounds, which are to be f illumihated. - t The engiujeer of the Rodney Irriga t tion Trust sy.is instructed byla mrotliri, Smoved by C ns. Minter and Cussen, at the last meqting, to prosecute, under seal, all, urties using water without per 1 mis onm: . Tenders e're irivied iby BMrB. God dard, Kvabram' foi the erection, of a weatllherloard building,, to serve as a Farmers', Co-operative 'Store at Kya brani.'' Plans to be seen at Mr. C. Griver's, Tatura. Builders anti contractors in this dis r t'ict are, now offered an apportunity of tendering for the erection of the na ew. Catholic Presbytery, Tatura. SPluis .anrid specifications can be seen from to-morrowj (Saturday), January 1 25, until Saturday, February 1, at the a residence of the Rev. D. F. O'Connell, Oonlburn street, Tatura. Brick stables and a coachbouse are also to be built, and for these separate plans have been Sprepared, and will give a chance to S usmall contrectors to compete. We trust our local men will be fortunate e enough to secure this important under t taking, which- will crealo a little stir iii 1 the building: line. Mr E. lender son, 38 Queen street, Melbouine, is the architect. " - IlHotelkeepors; fruitorers, and confec tioners, will perceive by an advertis moeot that the publicans' booth, fruit and refreshment stalls in connection 1i;with the athletic carniival to be held in the Tatura Agricultural Society's Show a Grounds, on Wednesday, February 26, j will be submitted to public competition next Thursday, January 30, at Messrs M. Cussen and Co.'s sale, Tatura. As the gathering gives promise of being a most successful one, and the attendance Sof the public from the surrounding dis tricta very large, the suc:essful pur. chasers should be able to nett a good many pounds for their trouble. The publicans' booth is in the new grami stand, anti as itis fitted li with everything necessary for holling liquors, and a deal of labor saved, the competition for tilhe privilege of dispensing drinks to thirsty souls in hot vweather' shoul be a little keen. It is quite probable that hotel keepers outside dE oay district will be in atter.daneo-on sale uday. ' Pedestrians who nIntend entering for Ithe Tatura Shelliel.IIHiundicap of ,£15, and the llandicap' Hurdld Race of 8 sovs., to be run olff on Wednesday, February 20, at the Tatura Show. Grounds, are reminded that entries close on Thursday, 13th February. There are 18 other events, with prizes ranging from 10s to £3, particulars of which can be seen on the posters at the different hotels in all parts of the dis trict. It is expected the nominations will make a lengthy list. Beyond the charring'of a few boards, no damage resulted from a small fire which broke out in Mr Taylor's black smith's shop, Gpulburn street, Taturn, on Saturday evening, about half pastS. A - few sparks from the forge, unob served by anyone, was the cause, A most succeisful trial of the new reaper and binder, ''.The Mercer,!' took place last Friday afternoon, at' Mr -W. Maher's farm,. " Ellersioe," Pinll 'Lodge, near Shepparton, in the pre s nco of over 200 farmers. Messrs Brophy, Foley, and-. Dowling,- the agents, Ballarat, may expect a great number of orders for this machine next season, as all who saw it was delighted w'tlh the work done andl the labor saved uy doing away with canvas. A fire started at the back of Mr F. King's wheelwright's shop late on Saturday night, it issupposed thioogh a piece of hlot iroii flying on to the dry grass outside. - Mr King noticed the flames in time to prevent the fire spread ing to the fences and out.buildings'close by., SA horse belongingto the R.v.J. Bi. Sneyd boltedti on fo[nday. oevdhing, in. .Casey street, a small cart used for con voymigng water being, nttached to the inimal. T :',Ta cart wi\rs-left i piuccs d'it different ashles of the roald, 'ond .the horse at lengIth extrieated himseolf, after. recoving n'few bruises- on the l.-gs. : A -sensationidl, bolt took place in Taturan oni Tiesday, at mnid-day. A horse and buggy, the property of Mr S. Kennedy, was left'standiug idi front-of Mr Gibb's shop,.a lad unnaied Faulkner, who was in: chareo, leaving it to get some necessaries at Mr Gibb's. Sud dehly the horse started .off; the lad giving chase. Turning iilr~-:tlhe Mur chisUon road, it just grazed-tho verandah pouts of the Conmmercial Hotel, smiashed a fewt palings in two of'the tree-guards at th? corrner of tle hotel, and conttinuedl its madl' career until reaching . Mr McElgunn'sa hotel, where the. horse turned into his yard, capsiving the vehlicleothrough tcotoiig agailst the gale post. " 'J'he animaii madn his escape froii the tralppings of. the buggywhiich e sras greatly ,.maaied habout- . rr . t, '?= ? • DMr. Johns, poli:e magistrato, riniter Tatura last Friday, under inttructionr from the Governmozi to select' a site for the new courthouse here. & Mr. John had a plan with a nuinbe;rof 9u-itakt l situations mnrked thereon?. After cor. iulting with the various local ji]aticesin Tatura? the police magistrate forwia?d1i isreport in favnroi the site adjoin ing"the railway station and in thepoliH resorres?s recomimenided inlouri le~iliil article;; fortnight ago) to the departint; * MrC.C~V;W Wilson, J.P., whowasis recesntly sworn in a justice of the pomii for this bailiwick by Mr Johns, P. I fined a drunk named Raleigh the ortio. dox 2s il on Friday last. En passanIt ,we congratulate Mr.:Wilson 6o his elevis tion to ihe benchli, antdtrist that lie wil ever bhe found dispensing justice tomrn pered'with i'iercy. ,Cool itor'gei sheds to b' erected at .Baldwinaville and Merrigum. Tenders for erectifig the same called to-day.. The Rbdioy shire council encourage the growth of thistles, burrs, and cock spurs in ocr streets. Will one of our represenutatives take some action in this matter next Monday ? The Chairman (Conm. Mason), and Coin. Allan, of tho c-huca and WVaranga Trust, waited on the Rodney commissioners last moeting, and ii committee asked that someine arrange ment, might bo made' with -reference to the use of the pu?niis:,bytli'otiW~ trusts.. It was agreeed'to comnplywith tlio requnodt -thait each territory shoild get its fair share of the water, paying proportionate expenses ; and tlie distri bution of the water to be left in the engineer's hands. To be well dressed is to have niountet the first step in thoe ldder of success Send for patterns of choice -woolleni and self measurement instructions to Lincoln, Stewart and Co. Limited, 23t Flinders street, Melbourne. They ,wil send them to you post free ; they have the largest tailoring establishment ir the city. A capital business suit tc measure for 425.--ADT. WHY RE3MAIN DEAF? If you have failed to be cured elsco whero apply to. Aural Clinic, 14f Collinis Street, Melbourne. 'Their ein tirely new and successful Electro-Medi cation treatment completely enlres deafn ness, noises ii the head, discharges'&c;, no matter of how long standing. 'Ela drums no longer. necessary. Thieir Electric Flosd Battery is the only one patented throughout the civilised world. Send for pamphlet (free). 