STAND FAST, CRAIG- R0YST0N? BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " A Princess of Thule," " Sabina Zembra " "The New Prince Fortunatus," &c.; CHAPTER XIII. THE GXAW1NU FOX. But lie was not disheartened by thoseominous words of hers, not even on the following morning, when he found the little thoroughfare so strangely silent and empty, and the two windows over the way become vacant and devoid of charm. He had the high courage and impetuous will of youth ; seeing no difficulties or dangers ahead, he refused to believe in any ; Maisrie liad not denied him her love, therefore she must be his wife, and all the future shone fair. And so he set to work on liis Mendover lecture; and made good progress, even if his thoughts went sometimes flying away down to Brighton. As for the lecture itself—well, ]>erhaps certain of its contentions and illustrations would have surprised and even shocked that Communist capitalist, his father; but the young man was accustomed to think for himself. Yes, this little street was terribly empty, and those windows indescribably blank. And the room was lonely, work or no work. But as he was standing looking out, cigarette in hand, after his frugal luncheon, a happy inspiration sprang into his head; for here was Hobson, the husband of the landlady across the way, coming, along the pavement; and would it not be a comforting thing to have him in to talk about the two lodgers who had just left ? Vincent opened the window a bit, and said into the street {there was 110 need to call)— " Hobson!" The man looked up. "Yes, sir." " 1 want you for a moment." Then Vincent went himself downstairs and opened the door; and here was the shabbygenteel ex-builder, obsequiously waiting, with an "excess of imbecile amiability in his weak, prominent, nervous-eyes.] " Come in and have a smoke, Hobson," the young man said. "You must be lonely over there now. Makes a difference, doesn't it?" "Wonderful, sir, wonderful;" and the docile Hobson obediently followed up the stairs, and accepted a big cigar, and was prevailed on to draw in a chair to the tire Vincent took a seat opiwsite him, and lit another cigarette—quite friendly like, as one might say. " You've seen a good deal of Mr. Befchune since he c-ame to live in your house?" the young man began, in a sort of tentative and encouraging way. And Hobson responded with instant enthusiasm, " Ah, yes, indeed, sir, and proud Tof the same. A great man, sir—oh, a very great man —and how he came to be where he is, sir, well, that beats me, sir. And that haffable, sir !— if he ave somethink on the table, he'll say, ' Hobson, bring two tumblers'—yes, sir— ' Hobson, bring two tumblers'—and I must take a seat, just as kind and condescending as you are, sir. 'Fill your glass, Hobson,' he says, just that haffable like "Oh, I beg your pardon," said Vincent, looking guiltily towards his vacant sideboard. "The fact is, 1 haven't anything of the kind in these rooms, but I can send out. Which would you like, gin or whisky?" "Whichever yon plea.se," said Hobson, complacently, " being so kind as to think of it, sir." The necessary fluid was soon procured ; and Hobson was liberally helped. And when at length he began to expatiate on the character and the wonderful attainments and abilities of Maisrie s grandfather, there may have been a little exaggeration (for gin tends towards exaggeration) in his s]>eech ; but his aim and admiration were genuine enough at the core He grovelled in the dust Ijefore that impressive old man. He -spoke in almost a breathless way of his haffability. Why, that a great personage in literature should condescend to read his Hobson's poor little verses was extraordinary; Dut that he should give advice, too, and encouragement, that was overwhelming. Ami :ts for the young lady—but here Hobson's language failed him. With tears in his eyes he declared that she was a hangel of sweetness—which did not convey much to Vincent's eager-listening ears. But when he went on to tell about all sorts of little acts of kindness and consideration—when he spoke of her patience with the old gentleman's •temper, of her cheerfulness over small disappointments happening to herself, of her gentleness, and sunniness, and invariable goodhumour—here he was on more intelligible ground; and his delighted and grateful audience was not slow to press on him another cigar, which was not refused. Indeed, what -with so much courtesy shown him, and what with the stimulating influence of the gin and water, Hobson grew valiant; and began to broach wild and iconoclastic theories about filthy lucre, and to describe in dark colours the character of any one—presumably his own wife—who could be so base as to take every farthing of her rent, fortnight after fortnight, from a grand and noble old gentleman and a beautiful young lady both of whom seemed to have known better days. " Do you know how long they are to be away ?" Vincent asked. " Well, sir, the old gentleman, sir, he says perhaps two weeks and perhaps three." " 1 see you've put up a notice that the rooms .are to be let-." "Yes, sir; but that ain't much use, not for so short a time, sir." And here another sudden fancy struck the young man. "But I know- how yon can get them let,"' said he. " How, sir ?" "You can let them to me." " Law, sir !" There was a doubtful look about Hobson's big, vacuous eyes, being of a poetic and sensitive nature he did not like jokes, and was suspicious. However, the young gentleman, to judge by his manner, seemed fair and honest and al>ove board. "I will take them." said Vincent, "until Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter come back. Not- to occupy them myself, you understand, but I don't want any stranger to be going into those rooms, you see—that is all," How kind, sir—how thoughtful'." Hobson said, in a pathetic- way. "That it is to have good, kind friends."' " And as the rooms are. now mine, I suppose I might go OWJ and look at them—if you will finish up your tumbler '•."' "Certainly, sir, certainly," Hobson said, jumping to his feet with alacrity, and hastily draining his glass. "They are all tidied up, sir, against the thanc-e of a lodger. And won't the missus be surprised!—for thewoinen, sir, the women, you see, they likes to haggle and bargain, but with men, sir, begging your pardon, sir, it's a -word and done !"; Indeed he seemed quite proud of the promptitude with which he liad conducted and concluded this negotiation ; and it was with an unusual air of authority and iin]X)rtance that he led the way upstairs and showed Vincent iuto the little parlour, with which he was already abundantly familiar. There were few alterations. The old man's books, Maisrie's music-, and similar personal belongings had disappeared; and a liideous purple vase stood for ornament in the middle of the table. The pallid lithographs were still on the walls; Maiirie's chrysanthemums were out there in the little iron balcony. "Would you like to see the rooms upstairs, sir? The young man hesitated for a second. "Oh, very well." Hobson led the way up to the next landing ; and there the first door he came to he flung wide open. "The young lady's room, sir." But Vincent did not accept the implied invitation. He bung sbamelacedly back. " Oh, yes, that's all right," said he " I 1 only wished to to have jt kept for her." And yet he lingered for another second at the door of this chamber—that seemed so sacred—that seemed to shut him out. He could see the dressing-table, tlie chest, of drawers, the neatly folded bed, the rather dingy window. "Look here, Hobson,'"said lie, " if I were to get some things to make the room a little more cheerful. I suppose that could be done without letting Miss Bethune know who sent them? Tlie looking-glass there—you know, that is not the right kind of thing at all; there should be a pretty mirror 011 the dressing- table, with some lace round the top of it" Then he ventured in half a step or so, and rather timidly looked round. "That one gas-jet cau't be half enough, when Miss Bethune is dressing to go out in the evening," he said, oomplainingly—perhaps to conceal his incomprehensible diffidence and shyness. " She must have candles—one 011 each side of the-mirror, for example. And that screen across the window, why, it is {so common ; it ought to be a piece of pale silk to let the light through." He ventured a few inches further, and again looked round. "What do yon call that thing?—the coverlet —the counterpane—isn't it ? Well, it shouldn't be white, and cold, and cheerier like that; it should be a dee]) crimson satin—and there should be pretty things at the head of the bed —loops and bows of ribbon—my goodness, what is Mrs. Hobson about?—a young lady's room shouldn't be like a cell in a prison." "Law, sir, I'm very sorry," Hobson said, in a bewildered way. A crimson satin coverlet sounded a grand thing; but it also meant a heap of money. " But come away out and I will talk to you," Vincent said, just as if they were in a mysteriously sacred shrine, where the talking of business affairs was a sort of profanation. Or perhaps he resented the intrusion of the amiable but gin- odorous Hobson? At all events, he did not resume the conversation until they were both downstairs again in the parlour. " You understand, then,"'he said, and there was no more timidity about liis speech now, "I am willing to get a number of things for the room, and to make you and Mrs. Hobson a present of them, on the distinct condition that Miss Bethune is kept in absolute ignorance how they came there. One word to her and out they come again, every rag and stick. Why, you can easily invent excuses. You can tell them you took tlie opportunity of their absence to brighten up the place a bit. It is in your own interest to keep the rooms smart; it doesn't imply any favour conferred on your lodgers. Don't you see ?" "'Yes, sir. Very kind of you, sir, indeed," said Hobson, _ who seemed a little confused. " And what did you want me to do ?" " Do ? I want you to do nothing, and I w-ant you to say nothing. Don't you understand? I am going to send in a few things to smarten up that room; and they are yours so long as not any one of you hints to Miss Bethune where they came from. Isn't that simple enough ?" But far less simple was his own part to this transaction, as he was speedily to discover. For when he went outside again, and made aw-ay towards Regent-street, thinking he would go to a famous shop there, and buy all sorts of pretty things, it gradually dawned on him that he had undertaken a task entirely beyond his knowledge. For example, he could purchase any quantity of crimson satin; but how or where was he going to get it made up into a coverlet, or counterpane, or quilt, or whatever the thing was called? Then supposing he had tlie mirror and the lace, who was going to put the lace round the top of the mirror?—he could not do that himself. A little set of ornamental bookshelves he could buy certainly; but how was he going to ask for the bows of ribbon, or the silk drapery, or whatever it was thai ought to adorn the brass rods at the head of the bed ? The more he considered the matter the more clearly he saw tlia he must consult- a woman, and the only woman he could consult in confidence was his aunt, Mrs. Ellison, who had now returned to Brighton. And perhaps he strove to conceal from himself what it was that so easily and naturally drew his thoughts to Brighton; perhaps he was hardly himself aware how this secret hunger of the soul was minute by minnte and hour by hour increasing- in its demands, Maisrie had not been so long away; but already he felt that one brief glimpse of her no matter at what distance, would be a priceless thing. And then again it would not be breaking any compact. He would not seek to go near her, if there was this understanding that these two were for the present separated the one from the other. She would not even know he was in town. And surely it would be a new and wonderful experience to look at Maisrie from afar off, as if she were a stranger. So instead of going to Regent-street, he wentto the nearest i>ost-office and telegraphed to Mrs. Ellison, asking if she could take him in for a day or two. Then he walked on home and by' the time he had reached Grosvenorplace tlie answer was there awaiting him; he was to go down at once He put a few things in his bag; jumped into a hansom and drove to Victoria-station; caught the 4.30 train; and eventually arrived at Brunswick- terrace about (5. He guessed that his aunt's aftemoor: visitors would be gone, and he would have ample opportunity of a long talk with her before dinner. His anticipations proved correct. When he was shown into the big drawing- room—which looked very snug and warm amid its m&gnifi; cence—he found the tall and bright-eyed young widow in sole possession; and she came forward to welcome him with great complaisance. " Very sensible of you, Vin. You know I can always make room for you, no matter wh<~ is in the house." "If I had gone to a hotel, aunt, you would have made an awful row : and I don't want to quarrel with you just at present; the fact is I have come to you for advice and help," said he. " But first—my congratulations ! I was hardly surprised when I got your letter ; and I am sure no one can wish you more happiness than I do"—- "Oh, be quiet," she said; and she tookaseat at a little distance from the fire, by the side of a small table, and put a fan between her eyes and the crimson-shaped lamp. " Congratulations? Well, I suppose there are no fools like old fools. But if grown-up people will play at being children, and amnse themselves by writing things in the sand—did I tell you how it all happened?—they must take the eonse quences. And I, who used to be so content! Haven't I often told you ? Perhaps I boasted too much"' " Oh, yes, pretend you regret it!" said he " And you talk of your being so old—youl— why what girl of all your a/cquamtanoe has half your life and spirit, or half your good looks, either" "Vincent Harris," said she, and she turned round and faceu him, "what do you want?" He laughed.| " It is a very simple matter, aunt." And then he began to tell her of the little predicament in which he was placed; and to beseech her help. Would she come and choose the things for him? There were plenty of bric-a-brac shojis in Brighton; she would know what was most appropriate—her own house was evidence of her taste. But his ingenious flattery was of no avail. Mis. Ellison's face grew more and more serious, until at length she exclaimed, "Why, Vin, this is the very madness of infatuation. And I had been hoping for far other things. I had imagined from the tone of your last letter that perhaps there might be a change—that your eyes had been opened at last. So this is going on just the same as ever?" " It is going on, as you call it, aunt; and is likely to go on—so long as I live" " Then I for one wish to have nothing to do with it," she said, sharply. "And this last proiiosal is really too audacious. What business have' you with the girl's room?—what right have you to go into i • ?" He was rather taken aback for a moment. "Business?—oh, none of course None whatever—that is to say—oh, yes, I have, though !—I have a perfect right to go into it. The room is not hers. It is mine I have paid for it. When she comes back it will be hers ; and where is the harm of her finding it a little prettier?—that is all." "I must say, Vin,"she continued, in a very reserved fashion, "that the infatuation of a young man may excuse a good deal; but this is a little—a little too much. Do you consider it quite nice—quite becoming? A satin counterpane ! I wonder what the girl would think herself—if she has any refinement of feeling—if she has any delicacy"—— His face grew very pale. " ' If she has any refinement of feeling—if she has any delicacy,"" he repeated. Then he rose. " It is useless to say anything further, aunt; there is an end this time." But she had risen too. He tried to pass her —and failed ; nay, she went to the door, and stood with her back against it, and faced hiin. "No, you shall not go," she said. "Why should there be any dissension ? You are my own dear boy; I would do anything for you— except in this one direction" "Except in this one direction V lie repeated, scornfully. " Why cannot we remain friends," she said, with appealing eyes, "good and true friends— and agree to leave this one subject alone ?" " This one subject—that is my life !" he said, vehemently. "What folly you talk. You wish to cut away the very thing I live for, the very thing that is my life; and to continue your friendship with what remains—a senseless stick or stone. And why? Because of your insensate prejudice, your cruel and baseless suspicions. Why do you talk to me as if I were a boy? I have seen twice as much of the world as you have; I have had better opportunities of learning how to judge strangers. But you—you live m anarrow groove—you have your maid to talk to—your acquaintances to call in the afternoon—your friends to dinner— and what beside? ? That is your world. What do you know of the human beings outside it? Must they all be dishonest because they have not been heard of by your handful of a set? Must they all be thieves and swindlers because they are not in the Court Directory ? But it is little matter. If this subject is debarred, then all is debarred as between you and me You can go your own way, and I mine I did expect, now that you nave your own happiness secured, you might sbow some little generosity, some little sympathy; but I see it is different; and I will not allow one who is dearer to me than all the world to be treated with such emnity, while I am supitosed to stand by and accept it as a natural condition of affairs. I do not; I have had enough ; so here is an end, as between you and me; and I hope yon will have more happiness than you seem to wish for other people." Well, Mrs. Ellison was not used to giving •way ; but she was very fond of this proud and handsome boy; and she gave just one sob, and tears gathered in her eyes. "You are not very kind, Vin," she said. And what marvellous thing was this that instantaneously smote his heart? Why, Maisrie had made use of this very expression 011 the preceding afternoon. And all of a sudden he seemed to recognise that his adversary here was a, woman ; -she was akin to his beloved— and therefore to be treated gently; Maisrie's voioe and eyes seemed to be pleading for her, surely that was enough ? He hesitated for a moment, then he said— " Very well. Jet it be as you wish. We shall see -how we get 011 with the one thing that is of more importance to me than anything else shut out from mention. But I must say this to you, aunt, I do not see I am doing anything that the most fastidious person can object to if I put a few pretty things into the room of the girl who is to ha my wife." "How do you know that she is to be your wife, Vin she said, rather sadly. " I know," he made answer. _ "My poor boy!" she said, and then she took him by the hand and led him back to the little table at which they had been sitting; and there they had some further conversation about more or less indifferent things, with the one a]I-imi>ortant subject carefully avaided. Aud then it was time for them to go away and dress for dinner. Lord Musselburgh dined with them that evening, and remained some time after the other guests had gone. To Vincent it seemed a puzzling thing that two betrothed people should make so merry. They appeared so well content with their present estate; they were so assured as to the future ; no anxieties; no conflicting hopes and fears ; they were in the happiest mood. _ Next morning, too, Lord Musselburgh again made his appearance, and the three of them went out for a stroll along the promenade. All the world was shining fair and c-lear; Mrs. Ellison was looking her best, and seemed to know it; her fiance w;is in -a gay humour. ' Why, they were almost like the " lover and his lass," of whom Thomas Morley sang nigh three hundred years ago— those " pretty country folks" who lived in a perpetual spring-time, with birds singing heyding-a-ding-a-ding to them through all the jocund hours. The tall and elegant young widow blushed and laughed like a maid ; her eyes were sarcastic, playful^ amused, according to her varying mood ; the sunlight touched her pretty brown hair. There was, indeed, a sort of audacity ot comeliness about her that set Vincent thinking of a very different kind of beauty—the. beauty that seemed to be dowered with a divine and angelic sadness. He was walking with these two; but he did not take part in their frolic talk ; nor did he ay -much attention to the crowd of people, the Eutterflies of fashion, who had come out into the pleasant sunshine. He seemed to see before him a face that,I with all it« youth' and its touch of colour, and its grace of outline, was strangely pensive and wistfuL And again he asked himself, as'many a time he had asked himself, what that expression meant—whether it had been brought there by experience of the many vicissitudes of life, or by loneliness, or whether it was not something more tragic still —the shadow of an impending fate. There was more than that he could not understand ; her curious resignation, her hopelessness as to the future, her wish to get away. And what was it she had concealed from him? And why had she- declared she could not ever be his wife ? " Yon are very silent, Vin," his fair neighbour said, turning her merry eyes towards him at last. "Here is Lord Musselburgh declaring that if he were a Jew he would turn dentist, to -have it out with the Christians for what they did in the Middle Ages. A horrid revenge, wouldn't it be 2—and so mean—under pretence of affording relief. Oh, look at that girl over there—I do believe the ruff is coming back—we shall all be Elizabethans by-andby." "But what business had women ever with ruffs?" Lord Musselburgh interposed. "Why, when the dandies and bucks of Henry VTH. 's time began to make themselves splendid by puffing themselves eut round the neck, of course it was in imitation of the stag—as the stag becomes when he is supposed to captivate the fancy of the hinds-; but you don't find the hinds with any similar adornments. Such things are proper to males; why should women try to look magnificent round the back of the neck ? Why should a hen covet a cockscomb ! It's all wrong—it's against natural laws." "Natural laws in a milliner's shop !" _she said. " Oh, do look at those two Italian girls ; what English peasant-girls could choose colour like that ? I should like to speak to them—for a moment." Lord Musselburgh did not reem inclined to interfere. " I dare say they may have been long enough in England," said he, "to have picked up a little of the Italian that English ladies speak. You may try them." "In any case they can only laugh at_ me— and then they'll show their pretty teeth." But she refrained ; for at this moment one of the girls began to play a few bars of Funiculifunicula evidently as an introduction to the singing of her companion; whereupon Lord Musselburgh proposed that Mrs. Ellison should cross over to look at the windows of one or two jewellers' shop—in which both of them happened to be much interested just at this time The morning went by, and Vincent had caught no glimpse of Maisrie Bethune or her grandfather; but indeed he had not expected that; the old man would be busy with his books, and it was not likely that Maisrie would come wandering by herself through this fashionable throng. When at last the three friends got back to Brunswick-terrace, it was close on luncheon-time; though here Mrs. Ellison was much surprised to learn that Lord Musselburgh had engaged Vincent to lunch with him at the Bedford Hotel." " What's the matter ?" said she. " Business or billiards?" " Neither," her fiance made answer, " I only wanted to give you a little holiday, for an hour or two." "Not longer, then," she said. "Fori am going out driving at 3, and I shall expect you both." Soon the two yonng men were seated at a little window-table in the spacious and cheerful coffee-room; and again Vincent was struck by the eminently practical manner in which his companion spoke of his forthcoming marriage. It was going to be, he frankly intimated, a very useful arrangement for both Mrs. Elison and himself; and their combined fortunes would enable them to do what hitherto had been impossible for either of them. Sirs. Ellison was fond of society; he had always looked forward to the formation of a political salon when once he got married; and now he thought he could afford to have a much bigger house, which would be necessary for that purpose than hie present one in Piccadilly. His place at Mendover had not been properly looked afterof late; there would have to be some exjienditure there; the chief reception-rooms wanted a thorough over-hauling ; and a wife's supervision would supplement the advice of a professional decorator. Then there were speculations as to!whether he, Musselburgh, ought to accept office—some subsidiary office, of course, as befiting his years—when his party came into power again. You see, Vin Harris was being consulted now as if he were a friend of the family. But as for Vincent's own affairs —not a word. Lord Musselburgh had receivi-d a hint; and he was discretion itself. And yet if ever in his life the younger of those two friends had need of a confidant, it was that afternoon; for something had happened that seemed to strike at the very roots of his being. When it was about time for them to go along to keep their appointment with Mrs. Ellison, Vincent was standing in the hall of the hotel waiting for Lord Musselburgh, who had gone upstairs to his room; and he was idly looking out upon the passing crowd. Idly and absently; there was no one there to interest him; very different it would be (he was saying to himself) towards <> or 7 o'clock, when jterhaps Maisrie and her grandfather would come out for a stroll before going to dine at one of the restaurants. At present he had no sort of concern with all those people who went driving and walking past in the dull sunshine of tills wintry afternoon. It was a pretty show, and that was all. But on a sudden his heart stood still, and his startled vision beheld what seemed incredible, and yet was there, and actual, and beyond any doubt. Ere he was aware, a vehicle had driven by—a tall dog-cart, with two figures in front and one behind; but another glance revealed to him that the one behind was old George Bethune. Who could mistake at any distance the powerful and striking head, the shaggy eyebrows, the flowing wlute hair? And the two m front?—one was a young man, to Vin cent unknown ; the other—a terrible misgiving told him that was Maisrie, though they were now some way off. What did it all mean ? He had never heard of their knowing any one in Brighton. They had come down for seclusion, for work : yet here they were in the midst of the fashionable crowd; and a young man—a stranger—was making ostentatious display of his acquaintance with them. A thousand wild surmises, the offspring of a very madness of jealousy, sprang into the brain. Why had tlie old man so clearly intimated to him that he was not wanted—that they wished to go to Brighton by themselves? And who was this person who was making such open parade of his intimacy with them? Alas! there was no answer to these burning and bewildering questions; and he stood there breathless, alarmed, yet not daring to ask the cause of liis alarm. Lord Musselburgh came along the hall. "Sony to have kept you waiting, Vin" "Oh, don't mind that," the young man said, striving to conceal his agitation. "The fact is—I—1 don't think I will go driving this afternoon. Will you make my excuses to my aunt ?" "What's the matter?" said Musselburgh, regarding him. " You look as if you had seen a ghost or a creditor. What is it, man ?" "Nevermind—nevermind—it is nothing?" Vin said, hastily. "I will see you later on. Will you make my excuses—thanks!" The hall porter swung the door open, and before his astonished companion could remonstrate, he had passed out and down the stone steps. He crossed over, to lose himself in the throng on the opposite promenade The dogcart would be coming by again. He would see who this new friend was. Could he not hide somewhere? he felt like a spy, like a traitor, with all those dire imaginings surging through his brain. And sudden wrath, too. He would demand to know by what right any stranger was allowed to make Maisrie Bethune so conspicuous. Why, it was too public!—it was a boast—and hardly decent, either. Ought not respect for age and white hair to have placed the old man in front, instead of inviting all the world to witness the flattering of a young girl ? And as for Maisrie—well, even in his wildest and blackest surmises he could think no serious harm of Maisrie; but she was too yielding; she was too generous with her favours ; she ought to make distinctions ; she ought not to permit this great, idle crowd to draw false conclusions. It was ill done of her —behind his back. Had she so soon forgotten that he had pledged his life to her not so very many hours ago? By-and-by he knew rather than saw that they were returning. He was on the seaward side of the road ; there were a good many people passing to and fro; moreover, he was partly concealed by an open fly that stood close to the railings. The tall dog-cart came swiftly along. An unprejudiced spectator would have said that the young man who was driving was rather a good-looking young fellow, of the pink and white type, with a small yellow moustache carefully waxed at the ends, and clear grey eyes. He wore a buff-coloured coat, with a velvet collar of similar hue; he had a flower in his buttonhole. Then, again, his turn-out was faultless—a neatly appointed cart—a beautiful, high-stepping roan. All this was visible at a glance But it was on Maisrie Bethune that Vincent's gaze was bent; and as she drew near, his heart was smitten at once with remorse and with gratitude. Had - he expected, then, that she would be smirking and smiling and coquetting with this new acquaintance? On the contrary, Maisrie sate there grave and silent and reserved. Her eyes were neither observant nor conscious; once or twice they were turned towards the sea. To Vincent she seemed so distinguished-looking, so refined, and noble, and self-possessed, as contrasted with that fresh- complexioned country clown who had the monstrous audacity to claim her as his companion. _ Then, as the dog-cart went by, he caught sight of George Bethune. He was sitting rather sideways to permit of his addressing an occasional remark to the young gentleman who was driving. No doubt that was why Maisrie was allowed to remain silent. Perhaps she was thinking—of someone whom she thought to be far away? Strangely enough, as soon as they had disappeared from view, his doubts and imaginings grew black again. For a moment that vision of Maisrie's sweet face had charmed him out of himself; but now these hideous questions rushed back upon him, demanding an answer where there was no answer. He did not attempt to reason himself out of this paroxysm of jealousy; that would have been useless; he could but submit to this gnawing torture of anxiety and suspense while walking up and down, and waiting, and fearing to find them coming within sight once more They did not return. Shortly after 4 the dusk began to fall; by half-past 5 black night had enveloped sky and sea, and the town was all ablaze with golden stars. There were hardly any carriages now ; the_ people had betaken themselves to the other side of the road to look in at the glaring shop windows on their way home. Vincent found himself more alone than ever, and knew not what to do or which way to turn. In his present frame of mind he dared not go near the house m Brunswickterrace; he could not submit to cross-examining eyes. It would drive him mad to talk while those rankling conjectures were busy at his heart. He wanted to see Maisrie again; and yet dreaded to see her, lest he should find her once more in the society of that man. But about half-past 6 his aimless perambulations of the street became circumscribed. He drew nearer to the neighbourhood of the restaurants. If old George Bethune had brought his London habits down with him, as many people did, would not he soon make liis appsarance along with his granddaughter? Here in East-street, for example, were cafes, both French and Italian, where they could have a foreign dinner if they choose Would he venture to address them ? Would he confess he had seen them, driving—jn the hope they might volunteer information for which he dared not ask? He could not tell. His brain was in a bewilderment of anxiety and unreasoning misery; and this grew worse, indeed, as the slow minutes went by, and there was no sign of the two figures for whom he was so eagerly watching. And th en a sickening thought occurred to him. What if those two had been invited to dine at a hotel by the country clod—by the young man. from the plough—by the rustic dandy with the velvet collar? At the Old Ship, most likely—a private room—a profusion of flowers—plenty of champagne— Hodge Junior gay and festive. Cigarettes between the courses—Arry having learnt so much from the cheap society journals; and will not Miss Bethune be persuaded to join 1 _ Ah, well, perhaps after dinner, when the liqueurs come to be handed round. There is a piano in the room. Will Miss Bethune oblige with an accompaniment ? Here is a smart little thing—" Kiss me on the sly, Johnnie!"—the latest draw at the music halls Seven by the big clock over the stationer's shop, and still no sign of them. Clearly the3' were not coming to any restaurant hereabouts. So at length he left East- street, and went down to the King'o-road, and wandered slowly along, glancing furtively into this or that hotel—especially where some coffee-room window happened to have been left with the blind up. It was a vain quest, and he was aware of it; but something, he knew not what, drew him on. And meanwhile his mind was busy with pictures—of a private room, and flowers, and three figuresseated at table. Ach icch J mcin Liebchcn war die Brwut > At a quarter to 8 Lord Musselburgh was shown into Mrs. Ellison's drawing-room. " Haven't you seen anything of Vin?" she said, with astonished eyes. "No—nor you ?" "Nothing at all—and now he wont have time to dress for dinner." " I shouldn't wonder if he did not turn up for dinner," Musselburgh said. " Something very peculiar happened to him to-day—I could not precisely gather what—but he was obviously upset. " Yes," said Mrs. Ellison, and her face was graver than its wont. "Something has indeed happened to him to-day—though he himself is not aware of it as yet." She went to a little cabinet, and took from it two letters. " I thought you ought to see both of these," said she. " One is from my brother-in-law ; I got it just a minute or two after 3 ou left. Tlie other is my answer. I will have it posted as soon as you have read it." He took the first letter, which was from Vincent's father, and read it carefully through, without a word of comment. Then he took the other, which ran as follows :— " Dear Harland—It is very terrible; but I half suspected as much ; and terrible as it is thore is nothing to be done but to tell Viu the whole truth, and at once. Telegraph for him to-morrow morning on business of importance ; if he wants tocome down again I shall be ready with such consolation as I can think of. I fancy from one or two things that those people are here in Brighton just now—all the more reason why you should summon him home at once. Poor boy, it will be a sad awakening. But he is young; he will get over it; and perhaps be none the worse in the end for this cruel exjierienoe of the deceit and wickedness of the world. Let me know how he takes it. " Yours affectionately, " MAIX;E." No, Vincent did not come m to dinner that evening. He was still walking up and down the Kings'-road, glancing now and again, briwith a sort of hojielessness, at any little group ' of people that might appear at the hall- door of this or that hotel; and all the while there 1 was a tire eating at his heart. j Suspicious people torture themselves while j those they arc afraid of are calmly sleeping. ; She Believed Her.—First landlady—"You j say you are making money keeping boarders ? Why, there isn't anything in mine." Second landlady,—" They do look empty." A MARRIAGE RHYME. For ten long years we quarrelled, hut With this our fighting'sdone; Two parties to a row must be, And now we twain are one 