&oriie; Curioiis Ihvendons. ??A'boNtRiDUTon to tli e 'Mw York iFortd lias boon amusing hirasolf by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions 'stored ih the Patent' Office. nt Washington. ' Mabyof them are amusing-, end. sotno. do cidedly btaiy. l*hero aro, perhaps (tho * Vritefc tells us), 2000' toys ih ono division of Iho t&tehfc; Office^ nhd; of -tbo Infest nnd braziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks iuu uouio. xms aou is paienica uy n. .German, and_ it consists of,, a doll bnby ? BUtib'^ori' dpab,1 with a bottle' filled ''with gobutno milk, on a littlo table in^ front of: it.; ^ A rubbor^tubo'connectal .vvitlr .tiro glass toipe which rubB into tho bottlo, and going1 ' into- the mouth of tho child, .ruiis ;down ,. .t-ehind and through the doll iuto tho pan. tey meahs, x-f. ia; teyphon, :\vhich coiq'ps - otifc, v through tho dolly head, machinery is B*t to work by which the Soli begins to suclc. and the milk flow's ? up into its1 moutli' nn'd1 outintqtnojpan.. Another toy of much the ?, the Bame order is thetoy cow, whiehteanfb'o milked.. . The. ..cow -/i3'.; made- of: wood or'l taotal, -and ?ms a tank in6ido; it;' The inventor states.rtliat : tbo .' notion -of milk ing exactly tho same as that -of the voa\ cow, :and betas' tin 'addition arir iron 'wiro, wliicii tOOOQuedta wltli tho':.]aws of -tho'.cow arid runs back to ^this -tank,*- so that 'sho' 1 chews 'her i) cud-while'lbeing^ milked. . The / illuminated; ??cat- was^antodTa^patont in' 1884'.. It is A catof. paeteboard'or-^in for the purposo ? -'of1 frightening, rats. or mice. It is to be -/!made m a sitting posture aud it is painted ?over with .phosphorus so that it ?shines in \- tho'darklikeacat on . firo. Another cat, equally1 funny; , is a patent sboet-iron ' animal, ;;which ;? is workod.by clockwork, ?and bas'a' bellows. .irisido it which swells up jj its tail to tho eize of the maddest of Toms, Tf properly. set it will emit a noise equal to tho wildest of midnight catoewaulers, nnd it lias in [.addition steel ; claws and ; teeth. You ?wind it up, place it on your roof, nnd set it bowling.- All-' the cats in ' the neighbour kjlloVery onWit, strilces*. ''?There is a pntent machine horo for forcing liens to la)' eggs, and. thero. are numerous, others fort 'prevent- ing them'-eating their own' eggs or breaking ?them. ;: Many of the patent liens1 nests have v five or fiix« falso ^eg^gs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops hor eggs on a trap which lets it 'slide i down into a box beneath, whereupon tho .trap, springs back v,and-tl^nc»t-isj:ready:f-ir a''second' laying. There is one branch of tho Pntent Office \- known- a8 that of cowHail holders. There are patents'for horses- tails; as well as cows* tails. The most curio.us among them, how-i ever, is'the patent of a:s Yankee' who .-has in Tentedan adjustable false tail for horses. The- lover's gate consists :of a; gate, which will ? swing botti way s,5 and which can bo lowered ! /.and raised to suit the size of the lovers. ' On othe.eame principle is ; the adjustable pulpit, which,'will fit all kinds of preachors. Tho pulpit runs, up j and- down ? on a pillar by 'a spring, and by pressing a button the . ( preacher can-raise it : to his height or lower. ? iit -to siiit. f The patents to make women \- beautiful are numerous. ' The noso improver Lis ono of the most curious of these patents. r. jit has made, it is ^ said, a fortune for its in- 1 cantor, audnit( jcpusistsj of a metal Bhell ?formed 6f two'parts, which are conn ectod: by a hinge.. The 'shape of its insido is that of, a perfect tioso, . aquiline,'' Roman or ! Oreciau, as you profer, and it does all its ivork at night.. ?. The patent states that; tho nose should he first well ba'tHed iu warm I .water and thon. groasfd with olive oil- until; jJfc is. fchbrougbly- softened. After this;thoi' improver is to be attached, ' and tho person: U6ing.it;i8-to;go to bed and sleep until morn-., ing. At first, ;it. is said, the operation1 is; 'somoxvhat painful, : but this : wears off -in nj few nights and the soft cartilage of tho nose: .fioon -begins to -assume . the -form of.'theil .beautiful 'shaper of (ho iraprover. At' thoj 11060, which' remains with you until .you get' tired of it, when you buy a different style of; improver and como out in a uew noso quito differont from your last ono, but still beauti ful. Luminous harness hns been patented, no that a horse being driven nt night looks like a sheet ,of lightning. There.^aro luminous'match boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare a.way grave- robbera. After every 'great grave-robbory metalic coffins come in ?^tho score, and I looked at one coffin sur rounded by, bars of wrought iron, binding the casketiand oxtending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impossible to move it e^cept.by a derrick. Study your own interest by using Pemell's Snow-white PjjENy ItoLLER Flour. It .is mado in the Cjpojg' fr/m/he best colonial wheat by tho neweef pa^ntid EOachinerv.. The quality is Gxcoption«lly»goocf, and the price very low. — Adv. . ' , 4 To mark 'the division of tho Kiama munici pality into two local government divisions, and the establishment of tho municipality of Jam beroo, a banquet was given iu tbe Protestant 'HalC 'Jamberoo, on Thursday Novembori21, to tho'Mayor and 'Alderraon who now constitute the 'Kiama'. Counoil, ' together with the Council 'Clerk, Mr. James 'Soraieivillo. Betwoon 70 and 60 persons' were 'present, amongst the guests being the Member for, Jhe district, Ilfr. ; G. W. Faller. Mr. Dv L. -Dymock occupied' the chair, and several' toasts were honored, during which several of the speakers refei rod to theimportance ?of -at once agitating for tho conetruction'of 'tb'o' branch railway lino to^Jambe^oo, in order to stimulate commercial activity' and encoura.ge the . opening up of the extensive coal moasures whioh' ^are known to' abound in the district. % 