CHAFTKU XII. T11S FIGIJlili IN WHITE. From the low, rustic eeat, upon which Gilbert had Hung himself, he could look into the bright drawing-room aiid hear the murmur of voices. " 1 wish Chetwynd would fail in love with yyivia," thought Monk : " but he remains wedded to his fijst Jove. I wish he would feel bound in honor or compassion to propose to Sylvia this very, night. If she were verj' skilful 1 should think she might lead him oil. If he were really and actualiy engaged to Sylvia. 1 think I could manage Bernice." It seemed as if the fates were plaj'ing into bis hands that night. While he lurked in the great conser vatory that Hanked one end of the house and opened upon several state apartments, Sylvia sat in a low chair before the fire, her gay bit of woollen embroidery on her knee, t.be soft light falling in a llood upon her swarthy. handsome face, red cheeks and glossy black hair, conscious that she was looking her btst, and presenting a pretty picture to the long homeless young lord. " I am glad to be back again,"' said the marquis, his grave, brows shadowed by his ceaseless unrest and bitter longings. "I thought 'n Abyssinia that 1 would tiive all I owned to transport myself ic an instant back to this d«ar old home. And now I an« here, in the rooms she brightened with her joyous presence, and the pain of being here is greater than I could have dreamed. It seems as if Bernice were near me, Sylvia. I have never had that strange sense of the nearness of her presence siuce 1 lost her. It seems as if she were in these rooms—as if «he might appear to me at any moment—as if I might hear her voice calling." "That is very natural, and very easily ■; explained," said Sylvia, in her smooth, ! silvery voice. •' Von left this place so soon after dear I'ernice's death that her presence still seemed, as one might say, to pervade the bouse. You come back after a long absence, and everything reminds you of bcr. You have not grown used to the house with* ■out her." " Shall I ever get used to the house with out her ?" asked Lord Chetwynd. " The edge of our grief must wear oil some tunc,*' said Sylvia, softly. *' It must lose ite first sharpness, and become a vague •and tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone you will find repose in your fond memories of Bernice. I love Chetwynd Park, and all the people upon the estate. This is the only home I have in all the wide world. But I must leave it. I am going j 'away, soon, next week, if possible, and I j " Why is litis, Sylvia? Why should vou leave j'yurborae." "Alt, that is it,"' cried Syliia, passion airly. "It is not mv I have no right In re. Can you 11 >t see, K'jy I 1 j<> you not understand ? You force me to sjwak plainly. I have m claims upon you U..v, ami I csm Ho iivu youi' ominty. Besides.'' and h.T voice tremble* with the ('oiisd^ti^iK'fs that she way p'av i»g her last carl u.jiv, "my •.--nil name in rnv most c.terished possession, liov ; it is, in triitfa, all I have, an ! people talk because 1 remain litre." What do they d.ue to *u.y to the pre sence of my stsp sisier in uiv house V' 1 iit!y say, ' replied Sylvia, drooping licr uead sti;l lower, ** that I was cuce betrothed to you. and that you jilted mo. They sty that —that I love yo:j s'iSl, and that I am Maying on here m b<ipes to win you. And sol must go, Uov. I could lutstay on iiere so long as a spuk of true womanhood remains in nu'. And so—and so—I'm going." She covered her facc and seemed to sob in an utter humiliation and an guish. *' 1 iicrc is only one way in which you can or will remain, I suppose,be cx i c:a:m<d, impetuous?^ "and that is—as rar 1 wjfi1."1 j "Oh, liny !" criei Miss Monk, raptur 1 miflv, :ng her hvad in serpent f.miu'Hi, Ihs'r <iuU oves burning with lambent thiuics. ijcr icd checks llaming into deener carna iioji. I l-«ir an instant Chetivynd paused, be wildered. Miss Monk waited for him to sav more. I3e comprehended that his un guarded outbuilt had been inteipretcd as half proposal of marriage. He was sics at heart for a b>ief space. Recover ing himself, be said, with unconscious steru nefs: "•Sylvia, I never loved but once. My neait is buried with my wife. Ail lav hopes rest in her collin. We were once betrothed, lou put an end to our engagement, as I fancied thtn, because you iiad discovered that you did not love me, and I married Bernice. My n.other desired you and rce | | to marry each otuer. Bernice, dying, urged me to marry you. I»id she fancy, in that ; last hour, that yon loved me.? Tue dving see cleany, it id said. Perhaps she had heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. My mother loved you; l.ernice loved vou. I cannot permit you to go forth to a'life of toil and hardship. J Sylvia, sister, knowing what I am, and that I have no heart to o/ier. will vou become in v wife I" ' The color flamed again in Miss Monk's face. j •'Oh, IJoy''"she breathed again, in rap ture. "I love you. To be your wife is more than J had hoped. Hut 1 will devote ! my iife to you. We will work together, j and I know that 1 can bring back to you a JK!Ki"n least of your lost liappi- j ; Chetwynd smiled sorrowfully. I iSuch a marriage is a one-sided affair," j he said. " I have s<» little to give in return j i for your lovo. But I can =pare you the toil and ^hardship of a governess's life. L | can shield you from contact with the busy world, and I will try to make vou happy," J J I Miss Jlor.k arose swiftly and rushed ' toward him with her soft, undu3atin<r movements, and flung herself upon his ; breast. He staited back with a gesturo of icpul sion, but recollecting himself folded one ; arm around her. They were betrothed again, and he could give her at least a brother s carcsscs. i " Oh, Hoy, this hour pays me for all I j have endured !"' cried Miss Monk. All I ask js to be allowed to make ycu happy. I caunut hope ever to take the place of dear lJ'jimcc, but in time I may come to lill a little niche of my own in your heart. I have suffered so much. My* life has been otic long; death without you. Take me closer, Koy, and give me the kiss of betrothal. At last—at 3ast,:' she went on, I am lours." <.^K-iwynd put both arms around her. and said, in a broken voice : ' Ood biess you, my promised wife— my dear Hyivia! And may your future Happiness atone for the sorrows of your past. J He bent his noble head and pressed, a kiss upon her willing r,i>s. She held him to her, showering kisses upon him in strange un reserve. ° A S'gh, a breath, a faint rustle, like the brushing of a wing or the movement o£ a woman s dress, came fluttering through the I room. ° I Chetwynd, still holding Sylvia to his ' breast. involuntarily looked up. His appalled eyes beheld a sight that held him dtiruij and motionless. lie saw standing ia the wide archway of the open sliding doors that which he* be tieveu to be the apparition of his lost beruice. She stood against a faintly lit back giound .'fdusKy blooms, perfectly revealed, jit iii tlie u)iust of an odorous twilight that made her seem indeed ;i vision from another She was dressed iu wliilc, as at her buiial. Chet wyn.l's fascinated eyes noted tliat she '.v-jre a long, white silken robe like that m which he had consigned her to the tomb. He recognised the peculiar fashion ing of the dress, for sbe had worn the one in wiiich she had been buried :it lier first dinner :it Chctwynd l'ark—that memorable dinner upon the very evening of her home coming. The low, sq-iare-cut Pompadour Corsage, with frills ot point lace standing up about the slender throat and fair bosom; the shoit sleeves ending at the elbow in a frill of iace; the bared arms : he recognised each separate feature of the toilet he had thought so charming. Hut the face ' li was strangely changed, and yet he knew it, aud Ins heart leaped up within him at sight of it. lierniee had been plain, with but t!ie possibility of beauty, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with tbe radiancc of a rare and perfect loveliness. (Spellbound, he continued to stare at her, noting the pure, frank brows shaded by crinkling masses of floating hair, the soft and perfect contour <>£ her face, the tender witchery of the sensitive mouth, the unutterable yearning and longing in the great vivid eyes of dusk. She lonked as if gin; longed to spe:*k, but was restrained by some invisible power. Sybia's head h;<,l beau buried in Ghet wynd's breast. She wondered at his silence, and locked up, crying fondly : "Gail me 3'0i:r promised wife again, dear Hoy. Kiss me again. Am 1 riot to be your wife Are we noit-.> be happy at last ? Oh, ntv darling—" She broke off abruptly, seeing the shadowy figure in the door-way. She stared at the vision as if it had been some demon sent to call her to her eternal home. Her hair seemed to rise on end. Iler tongue wae glued to her mouth. The countenance of the seeming appari tion changed to an expression of ineffable despair and anguish. She opened wide her arms as if to embrace Chctwynd, aud so, with outspread arms, and yearning, anguished face, she slowly retreated bark ward liLc the airy vision she seemed, until sbe had vanished into the gloom be yond. Not until the seeming spectre had disap peared did Lord Chctwynd arouse from his frozen silence. But then, as if galvanised, he flung Sylvia Monk from him in an utter forgetfulness of her, bounded across the room and into the conservatory. The wax j lights were burning dimly in the great | arched dome cf glass, and there were dim j nooks and shadows on every side. The mar- j quis dashed down a wide flower-bordered j aisle like a madman. The glazed doors at j the lower end of the conservatory and open- j j ing into the garden were open. He made for them, uttering strange and incoherent Gilbert Monk was standing near the door, as if brougut lo a sudden halt. He had seen Bernice enter the conservatory, but had been unable to aircst her movements. He had seen her but now depart like a shadow, and lie was in the act of pursuit when Lord Ohetwynd's swift approach made him halt, file schemer knew that a crisis had occurred in the fortunes of himself and Sylvia, and l'°n his present coolness his own future ami hcis depended. He was equal to the occasion. " Why, what's the matter, Chetwynd ?" he asked, in the utmost apparent surprise. "Good gracious 1 is the man mad ? Where are 3'ou going? Why are you running/ Great Heaven ! you look as if you had seen a ghost Chetwynd turned upon Monk, eager and imp tuous. 0 •• DM you see her?" he cried. "Hasany one passed out this wav 2" •' No one. I have been standing in the doorway iicre th°.se fifteen minutes." replied Monk, with seeming truthfulness. "Whom do von seek ? Sylvia?" " It was Bernice said the marquis, all excitement. " I saw her as plainly as 1 see you, Gilbert—my dead wife, Bernice 1 Help uic lo search the conservatory—' M<ink put on a look of alarm. '■ My dear Chetwynd,'- he exclaimed,' you are the victim of soire singular hallucina tion. lour brain is turned. Have you for- [ gotten that Bernice is dead? How, then, have vou seen her I Do the dead return from their graves.' Mv dear boy, let me [ send for Doctor Hartright. You have got a brain-fever."' 1 Chctwynd shoot oil Monk impatiently, and searched the conservatory in every nook and corner, hut he found no trace of this strange visitant. He dashed out in the garden, and Monk went with him, but they did not sec again the slenier. girlish, white robed figure of the seeming spectre. At length they re-entered the conservatory, the marquis pale and distracted, and returned to the drawing-room. Miss Monk stood before the,lire, her cheeks again glowing, but there was :i look of awfuf dread and horror still in her eyes. She imagined that the spirit of the woman whom she believed she had mur dered haa returned to haunt her for her crime. In her tirst horror she had been a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her room, and had there izi vou way to all her terrors. The old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy—a soothing draught—and had comforted her, and in spiied her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Miss Monk possessed an iron will and a remorseless nature. Nothing had, so far, stood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Chetwynd. Now that he was fairly won. and again betrothed to fcer, she determined that not even a visitant from the other world should take him from her. Having thus resolved, she returned to the drawing-room only a moment before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. She welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, she swept toward hiui, caught his arm, and cried ous: " Oh, Hoy ! why did you throw me Irom you 1 Why did you dart away so abruptly ? You frightened me. How my heart beats still! What is the matter?" " Did you not see Bernice?" he asked. \\\ ere you not also looking Bt yonder arch wav 7" '' I was looking at the archway," replied the consummate actress, 44 but no OQ6 was near it, Hoy. Wiiat do yoa mean by your allusion to Bernice? It cannot be that'you fancied you saw her V '• I thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have sworn that I be held my lost wife. And ycu did not see her? Can it have been an allusion ? Gilbert was standing near the doorway of the con servatory, and he says that no one came in or went out by that way." Sylvia swept a sudden, keen glance at her brother; but his face was impassable. She determined to have an interview with him upon the subject later. Chetwynd was staggered in his belief. ' P"' h'3 hand to his forehead, sayine, hollowly : e " Can I have been mistaken! Was it all a freak of my over excited brain 1 It is easier to believe that than to believe that the dead can return. And yet, could my imagination have pictured her in all that splendour of loveliness, m the glory of a perfected beauty, the lustre of a beauty sue).: as I have never seen 2 L cannot explain it." . He leaned against the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm in a caressing fondness. _ Gilbert,'' she said, proudly, " my place is iiere, at Hoy's side, henceforth. *Mav I tell him, lioy.' Yes? Listen then, Gilbert. i °**' betrothal—Koy's and mine—is re newed. We are to be married— Koy and *'I congratulate you, Chctwynl, upon having won a true and loving heart," said <xtending his hand to the marquis. ' 1 his renewal of old relations will assuredlv prove for the best. I suppose Sylvia won't mind my telling you now that she has loved you all along with a rare devotion. I hone you two will be happy." "1 am not myself'>cl," said Lord Chet wynd. with a troubled smile. " I seem sud denly to make the discovery that I have nerves. HI g0 to my room, if you'll kindlv excuse me, Sylvia. I a!n greatJ fetj £ after my journey," and he withdrew, going up to the rooms he had occupied with Ber nice. Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw into the conservatory, but Sylvia de ta-ned him. He was anxious to search the grounds, in hopes of discovering Bernice and he submitted to his detention with an lli-gract-. " What do you want' he asked, with an exhibition, of surliness. '• T want to know if you were in the con t-rvatory during some fifteen minutes pre vi..us to Lord Uutwynd s 'opticalillusion V " oemanded Miss Monk, with sarcastic em imasis. Monk replied in the affirmative -And you saw no one enter or go out?" Moas hastened to utter a negative -I don't believe you," Eaid Ih* "refined .Sylvia, with considerable rudeness "I kuuiv better. I saw the ghost, if it was a ghost, and so did you. What is your object iu denying the fact to me 1' "I Lave no object. I saw no ghost, and I can swear to my denial, if y„u choose. You must have been reading Mrs. Crowe. You would do better to think of the «reat victory you have won. I advise you to hasten jour marriage. I have nearlv run tijiough my thousand pounds, and I "want more. Y on remember that you promised me an annuity of a thousand pounds on your becoming Lady Chetwynd. Hurry un the marriage. That is my advice." He kissed his fingers to her carelessly, and sauntered away into the con servatory. Miss Monk looked after him with a puzzled frown. »I Wish r knew what scheme occupies him now, she thought. «= Gilbert ba? changed during the past year. I must confess be is gr-tUng too deep for me. I can't fathom bim. What prompts him to deny that he saw that figure m white? If it was a spectre, he must liave seen it, since it was visible to both Koy and me. If it were not a spectre ' what was it/ On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows." With this conviction Miss Monk went up to her own rooms. i ^ She found eld I?agee in the dressing-room, j just unlocking the doors of the precious East j Indian cabinet. The old ayah started at j Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened to I lock the doors opening into the hall. She then returned t-> the cabinet, and opened the secret compartment and took out the tiny gold box of rare East Indian poisons. What are you going to do?" asked Miss I want to see that my globules have not been tampered irith," responded old ltagee. " I feel uneatjj, Missy, about that gliost. It can't be possible tiiat 1 made a mistake iu the vial, but I intend to see. It' I had made a mistake the girl would have died iu her coffin all the same—no, she would have recovered her consciousness, at tlie end of three days. It's alright Missy, but I'll just make sure." Miss Monk watched her attendant with languid inteicst, while the ayah opened the two vials we have just before described. "There were one hundred globules in each," muttered the old woman. " I took one out of vial number two, leaving ninety nine. 1 will count them." She proceeded to do so. "It's alright," she announced. li There are just ninety-nine remaining. I can't tell what made me so foolish, but just as soon aa you spoke of the ghost I felt a desire to look at these vials." " Look at the vial number three," said Miss Monk. " Still, that's all nonsense. It's alright, only there's one thing sure, llagee—Gilbert knows something about that ghost, or whatever it was. He swears he saw nothing. I wish I knew what game of liis own he was playing. There's one thing sure—he knows the secret of that mysteri ous intruder of to-night. The old ayah's weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light. She hurriedly seized upon the third vial, opened it. and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her face when she had finished. *■ Can't you make it count right ?" asked Miss Monk with sudden interest. " There's only ninety-eight globules here," answered the old wonian, blankly. And there were a hundred " Exactly that—a hundred in each vial." " You may have dropped a couple and Miss Monk began to search. " Stay, Missy." said the old ayah, in a tone of deep significance. " Answer me a question : Was Gilbert at home on the the day that Lady Chetwynd was taken ill 7" " Yes. Don't you remember that he was in my boudoir before dinner?" " Was he in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and had our conversation about LarJy Chetwynd ?" *' Yes : he went out, and I called you, and we came in here." " Ah ! And he was back in three day's time?" " Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Chetwynd was dead. You knew all this. Why do you ask so inaoy unimportant questions ?" " Simply to confirm my own suspicions and remembrances," said the old woman, her black face growing yellow. Missy, Gilbert Monk is as been as a tiger that teenls blood. He suspected us. When he went out from your room tbat day he must have slipped in here. The doors were locked, it is true. How did he get in? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk. He hid in there; he heard all wo said. I j remember I went to my own room for I another vial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicious complete and deepen them into deal certainty. If you had been absent from this room a moment'—" Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. '*•1 was absent," she ejaculated. " Lady Chetwynd came to the door of my boudoir for a piece of music." " Then all is clear. Gilbert changed the globules, and took an extra one out of this vial number three. He was back in three days. He gave her ladyship more of the drug. She was buried. He rescued her. He has hidden her somewhere all these months. Lady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady Chetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night!" 