The Case of Dr. Hilston. BY JEANNIE LOCKETT. (Author of "The Millwood Mystery," "The Garston House Trasredy," Ac.) CHAPTER XI. . At any time Dr. Hilston's dignity of bearing and air of distinct;on were noticeable, but never more so than when he stood up at the request of the magistrate to hear his decision respecting the charge against him of attempted murder. "We bave unanimously arrived at the conclu sion, Dr. Hilston," Mr. Willmot said, in a clear, penetrating voice, " that there is no evidence before tho Court on which a charge of attempted murder can be formulated against you. In other words tho police have failed entirely to make out a prima facie cano, and the charge must therefore fall through. I may add, however, that as, un fortunately, an air of suspicion became attached to certain of your actions in connection with the deceased, Julia Crawford, we are prepared, in order that a public opportunity may be afforded you of clearing your actions of that air of sus picion, to hear any statement you may wish to offer. At the same time, I must state that your declining to offer an explanation will not affect the conclusion to which I and . my fellow-magistrates have come, namely, that a prima facie case has not been made out." " I am very glad, indeed, your Worship, to be allowed an opportunity to make an explanation," Dr. Hilston replied, in atone of quiet dignity. He then went on to give a concise account of all that had taken place between himself and the accused on board the steamer. If any suspicion had still lingered in the minds of those present, it would most cer tainly have vanished by the time Dr. Hilston concluded. There was a dignity and reserve in his manner of his alluding to the dead woman, and a very apparent desire to cast no blame on her that by any possibility could be avoided, which altogether appealed very strongly to his hearers. It was imposssble for anyone to listen to him and believe him guilty. Even-Mr. llrimths, who held desperately to his preconceived opinion, gave way at last. ' Just as Dr. Hilston finished, a strange police man entered the room and began a whispered conversation with the sergeant; but, as every one was waiting to hear the magistiate'tí dis missal of the case, his appearance attracted very little attention. " Thank you, Dr. Hilston ; both myself and my confreres .consider your statement entirely satis factory. We congratulate you on the fact that this investigation has had the effect of entirely clearing your character of the suspicions enter tained, without actual cause, against you. We have now nothing further to say, except that the ca6e ie dis-" lï the latter part of the last word was uttered by the magistrate, it was certainly not heard by any one present. The reason was that just at that moment the. sergeant, who had stepped for ward, said in an excited tone "Just, one moment, your Woruhip-just a moment! I-I have something to say- something that is absolutely necessary for you to hear be fore you conclude." " What is it, eergeant ? Be good enough not to keep the Court waiting," the magistrate eaid, sharply. "It is this, your Worship: Information has just reached me, which makes it necessary to ask you for a further remand." . " But that is out of. the question. The case:is concluded. In fact we have dismissed the case, the charge not being sustained." ' : - -, " Then it will be necessary to lay a. fresh charge." " Well, what is the nature of the information you have received ?" the magistrate said, some what angrily, adding- . ' . . " You have already been granted two remands, and you must therefore show very good reason ia, order to get a third." - Í, "Will your Worship be .good enough to read this telegram ? I have just this minute re ceived it." ; ': M : " Hand it up then.". The telegram was passed up/ read by each of the magistrates rin turn, amid a hush of breath less expectation, and was then handed by Mr. Willmot to the sergeant, who as he did so said shortly- ' .' . .'?'* í " Read it to the Court. Or, wait ! Give it to the clerk, and let it be placed before the Court as a reason for granting the remand, in the usual way." ? .' . '-^ The clerk, took' the paper, glanced through it, informed the Court that it came from a telegraph station adjacent to Solitary Island, and .had been dispatched that morning. He then read as follows:-. - - i "Early this morning (Monday) the log book belonging to the Susan Martin was found by the search party from Grafton. - It is in a good state of preservation, having been tightly wrapped up in an oilskin overcoat. It contains information of the utmost importance relative to the picking up of Julia Crawford, alias Ferrers, after her disappearance from the City of Brisbane. It has been dispatched by the steamer containing the search party to Sydney, and may be expected to arrive there early'on Tuesday." - - - ;' ; : ; ? The hushed silence that had come over the Coutt remained after the clerk had finished.- It was evident that something more, was expected. A nd when the clerk sat down a sense of disap pointment was felt throughout the court. - The magistrates conferred together for some minutes, and then Mr. Willmot said " In spite of that" telegram, we have come to the conclusion'that' we have no option but to dis miss the casé. ; A- fresh information could, how ever, be laid if tho receipt of the log book made it necessary to take that step. Certainly if the granting of the remand is opposed, we must dismiss the case ; there is no other course open to us." At this stage Mr. Wellman, who had been engaged in conversation with Dr. Hilston, rose, and said "At my client's desire I have decided not to oppose the granting of a further remand, if it is asked for. We are both so assured that the in formation in the log book must have the effect of completely clearing Dr. Hilston from every breath .of suspicion that we are anxious for it to come before the Court, in order that the fullestpublicity possible may be given to it. I wish to ask, how ever, that the time granted be as short as possi ble." " That certainly removes the difficulty in the ?way of granting a remand," t e magistrate re plied, adding as he turned to the sergeant "Will till to-morrow be sufficient ?" " It would be quite sufficient if I could, be cer tain, that tjhe;8.teameij wonld ^arrive in time," he repl'ed. *T;_' " We must chance that. The case therefore stands remanded; till to-morrow at .IQ o'clock," the magistrate said ; , and then, turning to the lawyer, added- : " Bail will be granted on Dr. Hilston's own re cognisances and one other; to a total_6f £500." Dr. Hilston's chief' anxiety through, all this was on his wife's account. She had turned very white at the moment the sergeant asked for a re mand. And though sae sat very still through all that followed, he knew that the revulsion of feel ing she had undergone had brought her very near the point of fainting. : * She.got up, however, when he was free to cóme to her..,; And Bhe. even walked with tolerable firmness from ,the court on his arm.- But when she reached the carriage her sister cried out in alarm at. the. sight .of her face, saying,* '< Oh, what's ; the. matter, Meg? Isn't the case over yeti"; . ? ' . v -V,'.',-^ :./;., "No, the farce is not quite played'out, .my dear. There's to .be another act, to-morrow," Mr. Halliday, whose face had grown red and wrathful, replied. , For,fuller information Jo had to wait till they were at home. For Maggie lay back in .the carriage sq white and exhausted that no, one could speak of what had happened. V"My darling, is it just the disappointment because the case did not end to day" which is troubling you? Or is there something'else ?" Dr.. Hilaton asked, when he and Maggie were "alone. ' " '( ./ , . "There is something else. Harry. I'm afraid you will think me foolish for troubling about it. But the moment that man stood up to ask for a remand, a strange feeling came over me-a fear that fresh misery was in store for us. It became stronger when the telegram was read out. ,' ; And, oh Harry! ever since, the terror of it .has been like an icy hand pressing on my beart,".8he said, with a pitiful catch in her breath'. " My dearest, them is nothing at all surprising in that. Think what a strain there has been on your inervas for several days past, to say nothing of $he, terrible ordeal you went through so bravely this morning ! Then, just as it seemed about to end there was a fresh strain laid upon them. Is it any wonder that your nerves should be unable to bear it? The wonder would be if they were," Dr. Hilston replied. : "Oh, I hope it is so, "Harry ! 'I do hope so. And I will try and think it, too." 1 ? ? "There spoke my .brave, true-hearted girl," he said, adding, aa he kissed her " Theie, my love, let the tears come. Don't try to keep them back. They will do you good, for they are nature's own1 cure for overwrought nerves." ,- > ? " But Harry," ^ Maggie; said, after a while, "dori't you think it would have been better to let the case be dismissed, as the magistrate wished?" . >; " But darling, if I had opposed the remand, it would have looked as though I feared whatever evidence the log book contained. I would gladly have allowed the case to be dismissed, knowing that it would have Báved you pain. But dearest, you wouldn't wißh me to act -as though I was afraid." ".No, Harry-no! You are right; and, after all, it's only a little while to wait till to-morrow, and then the trouble will be at an end for ever." : Next morning Maggie still looked pale, though the expression of terror had left her face. And, fearing the ordeal pf the court for her, Dr. Eu ston begged her to remain at home. |>:. "1 will do so, Han y, if you tell me to; but it will be worse for me-far worse-than going with you," she said in so piteous a tone that he had not the heart to insist on it. ., " Besides, dear," she added, seeing the Bigns of yielding in his face, " it will only be for a little while--not like yesterday at all. As soon as what is in the log book is read out, the case will be at an end, will it nob ?" Yes, dear. There will be nothing further," he said, adding, after a pause-: , , ! " Well, my love; I suppose you must haye your way.'', \ . When,they reached the court, and Dr. Hilston had.taken his place, near the table, he saw that his lawyer had not yet entered.. But, as the magistrates had not taken their seats, he was not in the least anxious. Soon after Mr. Wellman, with an air of having hurried, came in. He .bent down as soon as i e reached the spot ;where,Dr. Hilston was seated, and whispered "That '.confounded log book has not arrived yet. But I believe the vessel has been sig nalled." "Then its only a matter of an hour's waiting at.the outside," Dr. Dilston calmly, replied. *' Oh, but I want to have a look at it before it comes into court. I don't want to be taken un awares, you know." . . ; , ., . :. " Why, you won't need.to cross-examine it. If you had the writer here, it would bo a different matter," Dr. Hilston, said, with something approaching a smile on his face. "For: all that, I'd like to have a look at it before it comes into court-but I'in afraid theie's no chance of that,1 now." ; ¡The magistrates came in soon after. The court had already been packed with spectators. But it was not till the magistrates were seated that the sergeant came hurriedly in. . He walked to his place as if rather out of breath,, and, after; declaring the court open, said "I must BBk your Worships to wait a few minute's before calling the case,Eegina v. Hilston forbearing." . . " Why so, sergeant ?" the presiding magistrate asked. - "The log book is not yet to hand. But the vessel that brought it is at the wharf, and I expect it here in a few minutes," the sergeant said, rather breathlessly. Perhaps it was out of consideration for the sergeant's st ate, or it may be that he had muons of his own, but Mr. Willmot, instead of calling the next case on the hst, said-"I will give you ten minutes." , The sergeant bowed and . left the court, me ten minutes' grâce expired, and the. ^magistrates began to get fidgety, when at last the sergeant came in. '?; His face wore such a peculiar expres'r rsion that everybody looked at him with surprise1. ; "I; wonder,what, it is. 'It's something that " he didn't expect evidently. Yet I'm blest if T can tell what it is, or whether he likes it or not ! Hé ; -just looks for all the world as if he'd seen a ghost," -'Lawyer Wellman said to himself, glancing from a 'large book in'the sergeant's hand to his face, ; And certainly it was both pale and awestruck; He afterwards confessed that he felt quite as TJ upset as he looked. It was not that he had been : without an ^expectation that the log book would ' furnish'evidence in support of his case,-or perhaps it was that he only wished it might do ' so. ' At any rate he was astounded with the actual ; ovidencó he.found it to contain, i "Good God !" he exclaimed; after hastily . glancing throughr it, " I could never really have ' believe 1 in the man's guilt, or I wouldn't feel like this, now ! . I'm sorry, positively sorry, to see this proof that he is. Well, well, after that, I'll never be led away by appearance again." Yet, when be came into court he studiously avoided looking at Dr. Hilston. " Well, sèr.eant, are you prepared; to go on with the case now ?" the presiding magistrate said, looking at him as though puzzled by the chan e in his face. " Yes, your Worship, yes. I will just hand in this log book, which on trie page dated: April 12; has certain entries bearing on the case of Regina versus , Hilston. There is also a statement attached which supplies : further evidence of a very important charac- ?? : .. » ? ter. I will just put < : r them in and leave the case in your Worship's hands," the sergeant' replied ; passing, u p the book in question to the magistrate. But as ho stepped, back to his place there : was still that persist- . ent, avoidance on his . part of looking at Dr. Hilston. Lawyer. Well- . man saw it, and though' . it puzzled . him somer , what, it. gave him the .impression that it arose from vexation on find- . ing the evidence in Dr. Hilston's-favor.. - 'Mt's a virtual sur render of the case, I fancy," he whispered to Dr. Hilston.. "Yet he has had a surprise of some kind," ; : was Dr. Hilston's reply. A look of astonish ment, which in tur J gave, way to gravity,,( came into the magis trate's face as he read the entries to which his .attention had been directed ¡.and the same expressions were notice able on the faces of the other magistrates, aa they in turn looked L at the book. "What the devil's . the matter now ?" Mr. Halliday whispered ex citedly to Mr.M orland. At last, after a short conference with hisfellow-|| magistrates, Mr. Willmot looked up-and it was noticed that he, too, avoided glancing directly ai; I Dr. Hilston. . , ?./''! "Imust say that the evidence how'before- me! . has entirely changed the aspectof the case down for hearings I shall place it before the Court'in the usual way, and then if the counsel for the accused wishes for a remand, in order to bring re . butting evidence, it will be granted." " What the dev--" began Mr. Halliday. But the hush 'of expectation was so great that,:over powered by it, he subsided into angry silence. . A moment after the clerk was standing up, with an open book in his hand, and then the hush be came more intense. He began to read, and people said after that . when he paused for breath or to turn a pagel the . silence was so profound a pin might have been heard to fall anywhere in the court. , The entries in the log book, read out, were pf a far more formal kind than is usually the case, and were evidently written with a view to, being used as documentary.evidence. ¡They îwerë >fuller in detail and less nautical in phraseology than log book entries usually are. The clerk read as follows : < : On board the Susan Martin. ? ? - Latitude 28deg 10min South, longitude 154deg 39min , :.v Eist. ! Monday, evening, April ll, 18--. While lying to this evening, at about twenty , minute« past 7, a stearnpr passed us on the weather bow which we made out to be the City of Brisbane. . Five, or it might bè t n minutes after, we heard her whistle, and saw by the position of her light that Bhe had stopped. We waited for Rome little time to see what came of it ; thinking that, if in distress, she would signil lo us. She did not do so ; but, as ' Bbe did not resume her voyage for pom1* time, I sent out a boat to learn the cause of the stoppage, and ,!. offer assistance. But, before the boat reached the . ; spot, or in fact within hailing distance, she had con ? tinned her voyage. ' ' The toat stopped for a moment watching her, and ' . was then about to turn. Just as the order was given . ' bv the boa'n, on* of the men said he heard a faint ." '«y." They liatnned intently, and - heard it reppated \- -from the direction of some rocks near at hand. .They ; polled to them", an! there found a woman clinging to . . one of.the rooks. They took her iuto the boat, and . brought her to the Susan Martin., ? She was rathpr exhausted, having been more than half an hour in the water, but not otherwise injured. After ehe hád-'dripd"-;her ^o'óthes at the fire in the -'? «addy,, and-drunk ..a glass-ot wine,, she became re oovered, BO as to be able to tellhow she came into the ..water. _ '.' . ;: ? '. " ' . . I found her' aocounfrto be of BO strange a nature that, instead of writing it here, T had it Hakënrdown in the form of a deposition (not knowing what might | befall to render anoh necessary), whioh deposition;1 alter it was read over to her, she signed, in the pre» ' senoa of mystlf and my first mate, Robert Taylor, whose s:gnatnre, as well as mv own, is affixed to it. i P.S.-lhe statement iteelf I have pinned to thé page on whioh the above is written. ! The clerk stopped at this stage, and amidst a silence, quite painful in its intensity, placed the logbook on the table, retaining in his hand, à paper which he had taken from it. Opening it he rea'd the following statement: _ On board the Susan Martin. " Monday Evening, April ll, 18-. ; I, tba undersigned, Julia Crawford, do most solemnly Btate that the account I hereby give of how I came to be pioked up by the crew of the Susan Martin, and how I oame to be where I was pioked up, is absolutely true ; tho same being given while I am in full possession of my faculties. Being a passenger on board the City of Brishane, steamer, bound from Queensland to Sydney, and entered on the liBt as " Miss Ferrers," I wa9 standing on deck close to the railings in conversation with a male passenger named Henry Wade Hilston, known as Dr. Hilston, a medical practitioner of the city of Sydney. We were standing in a Bpot seoure from observation, to which, at his desire, I had gone with him poon after dinuer. The reason I had been in duced to go with him there was that he might explain the faot of his recent marriage to a young lady in Brisbane, while being at the time under an engage ment to me. Tho time, as nearly as I can judge, was about twenty minutes past 7. We had then buen en gaged in conversation for some time-perhaps half an-hour, and were about to part, when, suddenly, I was lifted up by the said Henry Wade Hilston, and thrown overboard into the sea. I have some reoolleo tion of screaming and throwing but my hands, in an attempt to catch the railings. Attor that I loBt .consciousness, and rememb rad nothing more till I found rayaelt floating near some rocks. The next moment I caught hold of ons of them. Tin water was very smooth, and, though I oonld not pull my self ont of the water, I managed to hold on till a boat came to me. The men in it took me off, and conveyed me on board the Susan Martin, to which it belonged. : To the above statement I hereby attach my signa ture, solemnly declaring the said statement to be true. (Signed) JULIA CBAWFOBD. } JAMBS DANIELS, Captain j witnesses j RoBEET TAYLOR, First Mate. A moment of absolute silence followed the read ing of the above statement. It was broken by a woman's voice, clear and distinct, but full of agony painful to listen to. It was the voice of Dr. Hilston's girl-wife. And it said "Oh, it is not true ! It is not true ! There is not a word of truth in it ! My husband is innor cent! He is innocent ! innocent! He is-" The next moment Maggie was lying back, white and still in her mother's arms, . utterly unconscious of the commotion she ;had raised, as bf the shouts, in Sergeant Greaves's voice of " Silence ! S dence in the Court !" , ? (TO BE CONTINUED.) . ; 