Diogenes on Mrt Henry George Enquirer —Well, Diogenes, what did yo« think when yon were listening „to Henry George? Diogenes.—"Think," my'dear friend? What did I think? I wouldn't like to tell you all 1 thought-! One thing, however, I did think, and that was of NoBtradamus. E.—What was Nostradamus ? j),—Who was Nostradamus you mean—if you don't know, go and learn—and if you had his ghost tell him George beats him hollow. E7—Why wouldn't you like to tell me all you Z?,—Valor, my friend! The better part of valor ! Discretion! Why, there were big wigs there, my friend—big wigsopen mouthed. Big wigs cheering lustily at words that had no meaning! Verily, did the immortal William understand his countrymen ! E,—How do you mean ? D.—" In England any strange beast there makes a man,>nd,when they won't give a doit to relieve a poor beggar they will give four pence to see a dead Indian.' _ And South Aus tralia betters even that! Delicious. E— How, delicious? B,—To see that nice, amiable, smiling, self satisfied gentleman denouncing the world whioh haB made him prosperous; to listento the diluted nonsense that he was Bpoutmg forth; to note the gullibility with which it wa3 being Bwallowed wholesale I Oh, it was moat delicious 1 ,, , . E.—I don't think "you should say delioious. j),—If he had given up all his goods for the poor he talked so much about, if he had stopped in his own country and succeeded in reforming that, if there were anything to show that his career of money makiDg was not a practioal denial of hiB own theory, then I mignt say lamentable; but aB it is, I stick to delicious, S.—But I wish you would cease your abuse of the man and give soma reasonable explana tion of yonr opposition. T Z),—Abuse 1 my friend. I don't abuse, i was too much amused to think of abuse, It j was the finest of comedies, E— How? , j) —Well, if you pretend to have any under standing mention any one part of the lecture in which there was any reasoning. Gall to my mind one honest syllogism and I'll give ycu a ten-pound note, E.—You can't expect me to carry the whole lecture in my head. D— Nor anybody else. It was no more satisfying to the man who thinks and reasons than the froth on a poxter-caBk to one famistr ing from thirst. I aBeure you I Bincerely and earnestly listened, hoping to hear some appeal to the reasoning faculties and there was none, absolutely none. From beginning to end it was froth, rhetoric, empty and idle declama think you are in the highest degree j ct charitable. _ , „ .... B — On my honor I don t wish to be un charitable. I strive for truth as much as George doeB, and seek to do him justice. E.~Then why so severe? D.— Not on the man, but onhia work, and for the same reason as I would he severe if a modern dootor prescribed pigeon's dung as a remedy for Bmallpox, F.—Is that a fair analogy ? B— No. It is unfair—to the dootor! A medicinal dose of pigeon's dung would do no barm even if it did not cure the smallpox; j whereas George's nostrum would make things I worse than ever. i E.—Before you go to that prove to me that j there is a want of logio. , 1 ZX—You are ^unreasonable. I say there is no logic. You say there is. Yours is the affirmative. I therefore have the right to ask you to prove it. But, nevertheless, I can afford to throw away my rieht, and will give you an illustration. Do you remember Mr. George's reply to hiB listener who said Of courEe" to the suggestion that great employers made work for their employes, E.— No. I forget the incident. D —Well, the lecturer denounced a New York manufacturer who bad made money by protection, and said that as the survivors didn't feel inclined to put that on his tomb they put that he had employed thousands, and thus done as well as if he had given the wages in charity, . ... E.—Oh, yes; I remember it now. One of the audience shouted out " Of course." ZX—Yes, and Mr. George replied, '■ Well, let the gentleman who said of course go home and knock about things a bit, and spill grease here and there, and he would make some work for his wife. Let him see if she Baid 'of course.'" E.—I thought that was clever. B.—Clever! Of eourse it was clever. Very clever. If I were on the stage I should say " deviliBh clever!" The speaker knew hia audience! Well, he knew that ha waa addres sing the people whom Shakespeare described as rushing to Eee a dead Indian ! j?.—What fault do yon find in this ? B.—No fault whatever, It was superb! j Nostradamus in lecturing to his dupes never I excelled it! Kingston, cunning dog as he is, never approached it in all his candidature for ! West Adelaide I And that brings to my mind that it waa much more like a cunning politician with his tongue in his cheek Beeking to deceive the yokels than like a political economist gravely dealing with the most serious problems of humanity. TyndalU or Huxley, or Adam Smith, or John Stuart Mill would never have stooped to so low a level. E.~Denunciation is not argument. B.—I am not denouncing, You asked what I thought. ' E —If you don t mean to denounce, why do you say that Tyndall or Huxley would never stoop so low? _ . B Because it is the fact. Because m the passage I cited to you George was tricking his audience—unless, indeed, as _I suspect he ba3 no power whatever of continued or concen trated reasoning, E,— I don't Eee it. j)— Juit consider for one moment, rut Martin, of Gawler, in the place of George's New York manufacturer. Martin has intro duced here the new industry of making loco motive engines. Is it fair, is it honest, ^is it reaaouable to compare the work Martin is doing with that of a man who would go home and eir,ash furniture ? E.—Every one would agree with-that. B.—Then why did Mr. George use such a false analogy ? E,—One swallow doesn't make a summer. Even supposing George to ba wrong in one place, that doesn't show him to ba wrong in every place. B,—But a train of reasomug ia like 'a chain, no efronger than its weakest link. So exactly is it like a chain that in familiar speech we say "a chain of reasoning." Would you like to give your faith to a mau who in an economical argument gravely puts to his audience the similitude between work in smashing furniture and work in making locomotives? E— But I don't understand that George rests his final concluaion on any such simili ^ZX—No one can understand from the lecture on what George does rest his final conclusion, or what hiB final conclusion r8a\ly is. But so far as regardB the "of course," interjected by the listener, George's reasoning did rest on the monstrous fallacy that work in wantonly smashing furniture was the sama aa work in zxj&kicf;? useful locomotives • Yet the audience swallowed it. Perhaps that was their mister fcunn! They seemed to have nothing better to swallow! E.—I deny that, 2),—Of oourse, they had the old stook asser tions about a wicked world, and oruel monopolists, and starving workmen, whioh have been put forth' ever einoe the Jews had to make bricks without straw— and probably long before that — I grant you uttered with a brilliancy of rhetorio, and an earnestness of manner, and a beauty of language seldom witnessed. Appeals to pas sion and sympathy there were to overflowing, but to honest reasoning, to common logio, there was not the remotest appruaoh ! There was no attempt other than by vague generalities to unite the conclusion with the premises — nothing but the moBt indefinite assertion. The logio deduced from the work of furniture emaBhing iB in truth a fair sample of the whole of the logio of the leoture. E,—A good many people think differently. J)i—A good many people never think at all. I really haven't time to expose all the absurdi* ties and fallacies of the lecture. E,—It's very fine for a man who oannot to say that he will not! E.—It would take days. Listen; Here is one specimen; God forgive me for oalling it reasoning! I omit the padding, and read you only the gist—"All religious questions oome to the labor problem." 11 The difficulty of gettiug work seems to increase just as popula tion increased." "The cause of that was that labor was divorced from the natural principle of labor." " It was all due to the fact that the laboring was the disinherited class." Ei—Well, what is there wrong about this ? Ei—What is there right? Which are the premises? What the conoluBion? It is not seme, it is words without meaning to Bay that all religious questions come to the labor question- Besides, even if it were sense, what has it to do with the land question ? It is not as a universal thing true to say that the difficulty of getting work Beems to increase just as popula tion increased. What meaning is there in the expression, "labor divorced from the natural prinoiple of labor?" What is the natural principle of labor ? The statement that it is all due to the fact that the laboring was tha dis inherited class is untrue so far as it is an assertion, and unproved so far as it is a con clusion. The whole lecture is full of similar rubbieh. . _ ; E,—Y ou could turn all science into ridioule in that way. Ei—Not so. All science must be investi gated by its assertions, If one be false no con clusion based on it can be reliably true. Henry George must Bubmit to ordinary logic unless indeed he has discovered the fourth dimension. Ei—You muat wait till the end of the tram of reaeoning. Ei—Not if it be all rubbish as you go along. Look again. "Why was it neoessarv to pre vent mothers sending their little children to factories ?" " It was because they bad allowed what the Creator intended for all to become the property of the few." " What would happen in heaven if the superficies of heaven were parcelled out among the first oomers as England, Ireland, and Scotland were." E.—That sounds very reasonable. E.—What diploma has Henry George to show that the Creator has given him the right to pronounoe as to what He intended ? How doeB he know the Creator's intentions ? What iB the connection between the intentions of the Creator and mothers sending their children to factories? What, does George know of the superficies of heaven, or the first comers there, or what would happen ? Has he a revelation also on that subject ? The whole thing is too irresistibly funDy! E —You must admit that George is a good man, Ei—I dare say he is. I never said that he was not. But he seems to me to be a free trader out on the rampage. He iB too wise to let it appear in this colony that an attack on protection iB his primary object, so he makes it indirectly, He does not argue, " Protection is bad, therefore adopt free-trade." But he argues, "There are greedy monopolists, there fore rob them," hoping that in the struggle the Custom-house will be swept away. You say he is good. It is said that all good men ars patriotic. I admit that he is patriotic. i-.-Wby ? E.—Don't you see" what follows if James Martin is as useless a man as he who smashes hiB wife's furniture ? E,—I confess I don't. Ei—None so blind as those who wont see ! If James Martin's work is no better than that of a furniture smasher James Martin is en entitled to no credit, to no protection. He is a useless cumberer of the ground, and the sooner he ia abolished the better. But somebody must make engines. If James Martin and Co. cease to do so there will be room for ship loads of those American abortions which make our railway stations hideous, Do you now Bee? E —I see your point, but I have two ob jections to it. First, that George is dealing with the land and not protection: secondly, that he is right if he means that by abolishing James Martin & Co. and letting in American engines free we should get engines cheaper. ! Ei—If he iB dealing only with the land question why did he use the illustration which puts James Martin & Co. on a level with the smasher of furniture? What connection is there between James Martin & Oo.'s factory and furniture smashers and the land question? But Henry George lookB to free- trade; the land question is only his Btalking horse, E.—What proof have you of that ? Ei—He said in a lecture in England, " I am an American freetrader in the full and the true sense of the term. , . If I were asked what phrase would best define my position it would not be that of a land nationaliser—that is a term I have never used for myself, It would be rather a freetrader, . . The protection delusion has Bhown its weakness," So you see he not only in words praotically repudiated being a land nationalist,. but his whole lecture was saturated with the quintessence of free tradeiam. gjE,—I don't know that he is any the worse for that! E.—I don't say that he is. But let us know the truth. Let us know the full scope of his proposals. Let us know what he will do, and why he will do it. In the English lecture; when speaking of a tariff which kept out the manufactures of other countries, he said—"It is awfully stupid to put on a tariff to keep those things out. We ought to welcome men who bring them into the country instead of fining them," Will you endorse that, my dear Enquirer? Will you Bay that it is awfully etupid to put on a tariff which will have the effect of keeping out the American locomotives and encouraging thoBe of James Martin and Co.? Ei—I don't know that I am called upon to answer that question. Ei—Ah ! I know that you are a freetrader at heart, and I know that all freetraders swear by Henry George. For my part I deny his assertion that my fellow colonists are awfully stupid because they have a tariff whioh pre vents their own manufacturers and workmen from being ruined, 2,-How do you mean ruined ? D,—Undersold and driven out by the pro ductions of the prisons of George's country, George and his countrymen would be stupid if they didn't seek to bring about such a state of things, I and my countrymen would be Btupid if we didn't prevent it. From an American point of view I dare Bay it is awfully stupid of us to do so! Ei—But George ia teaching people to think, Ei—I don't know that. I rather think his example is teaching them not to think. How ever that may be, he is not the first enthu siast who has discovered a nostrum to reform humanity. There have been hundreds before him, and the world is still unreformed. I fear me that the world will be still unreformed, even after the thousands of enthusiasts who will come after him! 