I The Secret Chamber. I * Tyranny I could have understood/ replied the ? daughter. ' But it is mystery. Why Bh«uld you I &nd; papa be mysterious ?' I 'Honora' — the word strnck me like a blow. ? Was that the name of tMs young girL ♦ You ? ' I I did not hear the rest. They would never I iave called their child Honora. I glued my ear ? *till closer to the wall. I 'We have cherished you* — the mother still I speaking — 'we hare given you all you craved and I . more than you asked. Will you not believe it, ? : ??-?Hdhoraf ?????? ?-' ? ' Tes, yes; but why not enlighten me as to your ? reasons. I am not a child. I will understand ? any reasons you may advance. Then let ma have I yonr confidence/ I - The restless steps ceased. I heard a groan close I t to my ear. ? ' Honora ;' I heard her mother advance, * do ? you really love the marquis ? You de not love ? him, Honora, my child, you cannot.' I ' O, mamma— O, mamma — O, mamma ! He is I the best and noblest that the world contains. I I am going to be frank with you and tell you some ? thing that I have hitherto kept closely buried in I - |Hy breast. So listen, eweet mamma, how your B Honora first came to know and appreciate the I Marguie de la Koche/ I ' I was always a mofcher-'crirl. You are alway s I #o tender with me. With, papa, it is not always ? 36. f have always felt a dread of papa's presence I which I never felt of yours ; and yet you frown. ? ioo at times. One day, while leaning from the I Krindow, I saw a face in the street below that I Awakened within me strange r-fi]ing-s. I had' I looked for one- half minute upon the form of a ? passing stranger, and in. that minute learned ? more of my own heart aaid of the true meaning of ? life than in all the sixteen years I had hitherto ? lived. He did not see me. I was quite content I to watch him from where I stood, and note his ? lordly walk and kindly mien, and dream — oh, ? wHat did I not dream ! the memory of your own I girlhood must tell you, mamma. I ' Aa 4rent, Honora ?' I ? Yes, mamma. You remember/ I * Eemeinber ? Oh, my child, that awful day, I when you came near losing your life ! When, the nouse ten wren you in it. 'It was my heart, mamma, that had received a wound, not in my body— a wound from . which. I never shall recover, for it was made by the noble self-sacrifice ef the Marquis.' ? 1)6 not keep me in suspense,1 she pleaded ; let me hear what yon have to teU.* V How came you to meet the Marquis in that place?' ?Ah/ cried the daughter, 'it all came about through, a mistake of Cecile's. * Madame Donay* fts we were told by the concierge, lived on the fourth floor; but Cecile made a miscount, &tm;! we went up to the fifth, and as there was a Madam* Douay ? there also, went into her apart ments. 'We had not told eur errand, so we could n#b blame the maid who admitted us. Through \- ,the«open window came the sound .of voices, and a drama began of great startling interest. Twd men were talking— -one from his voice I couM tell was a true man, and from the sneering, EmotHered ?femes ef the other that he was of Yicious tendencies. 'You are a dead man you already know, for I have sworn to kill you as the clock strikes three, and it is but ten minutes of that time, and you have not a weapon with which to defend yourself.' 'Our every faculty seemed paralysed. We held our breaths, and listened. The reply cam# instantly. ''You are a-gentleman^ and no common assassin. How can you reconcile snch an act as ♦his with your honor.' ''You promised to marry Mademoiselle de Fontaine, and yesterday at 3 o'clock — an, I was there ! — you formally renounced your claims. ; This is an insult that calls for blood.' ?'But/ urged his companion, 'Mademoiselle lie Fontaine had herself requested the breaking of this contract.' ' ' Pardon me. I am the Marquis de la Eoche Guyon.JJ ?? You. scoundrel !' was his cry. But instantly he said, almost with the same breath, ' Your pardon ! there is but one man in the world be sides myself who could under any circumstances have a right to that name. ' And that man ?' ? ' Is my cousin, the deceased Marquis's son, long esteemed, dead?' ''And what assures you that I am not be? Ybur-eyes ? - Well, T am changed, Louis : but not so changed that a good look should not satisfy you that I am the man I claim to be. Besides, you should know this mark on my forehead. You gave it to me—' ''Isidor!' *'You are welcome, Isidor; even if you do bring a sword with you.' 'The other, the real Marquis, as I suppose, seemed to hesitate at this, and I began to hope that he was ashamed pf his dreadful threats. '' Louis,' he exclaimed, 'you have always been my evil genius. I hate you so that I find it difficult to wait for the five minutes yet to elapse before my word will let me lift my pistol and nre npoi^you.' 'I should think your bate would be satisfied i-j the change which your return will make in my prosrjects. From the marquisite of La Eoehe Guion to a captaincy in' his Majesty's Guards. ?????-Will it not safiice?-* ^'ifbthing-can ssothe it, not sren your death. You have robbed me of too much; deny it if yon trill; my father loved you better that he did me. Oh, I have had cause and I hare had time to nourish my- hate J !Nbw I have_ returned, and I ' find .my father dead, and in his place .yourself triumphant. Can yon blame me for remembering ray vows, for resenting that jwill ever seem an insult to my sister, and for wishing to hurry the time that moves so slowly toward the fatal stroke of three?' ' ' I do not blame you, I do not fear you ; bat I pity you.' '' I.donot want your pity- -We are here alone on the sixth Btory. . Beneath us are only women, and if you call I can shoot you dead before your -' voice can reach the street. Hare you looked at this house? It is%bfc like lother houses. It is .double, and -the room in ?which -weJBt&nd; haa other '? .'foundations^ Let the deed foe ©hcV&one;— and the ?.-. clock, as you see^givesnsbut one minute more. Then, lam'safe. As to 'your jife, it is as much tit my command as if my bullet was already in your heart.' ''We will see!'' was thefliunderingi.reply^f; and with the words arwb was made. *? Beleased-' from the fearfuT«pelI1-'^m.cli-3iad benumbed ^^ limbs, I uttered' scream' 'after 'Scream. A£{%bb moment my arm was caught by Cecile, i saw the straight line of the window-ledge before me dipand *urre, all was one chaos of heaving and crashing timbers, and we beheld beneath us a pit of dark less, death, and tumult, where but an instant before wflS a luxurious home. * We were safe. For in the clouded space above me, overhanging a gulf, 1 saw clinging to s, beam, tke awful figure of a man ; while cronching near v him, I beheld another. I recognised him who . had changedthe world for me with ids look/ * Ah, mamma, and a thousand - deaths lay between ob i and we could -neither reach him, nor iid him, for the spa-» in which 'we found our- : \- idiW was |^m$U- ^nd shut from the enter world by a door. In. his face there was such a high, and noble resolve, suddenly I heard him speak high above the sounds that arose in a tempest from the street. ' ' Do not despair, Isidor ; I think I can reach you and pull you up upon the beam. You shall not die a dog's death, if I can help it j hold on.' ' * Don't do it ! He is your enemy. Save your self — he is but a murderer — let him go ! ' *' It is because he is my enemy that I wish to to save him. Isidor, you must live. So, hold on/ ' And then, mamma, there began a struggle for rescue such as I dare not even recall. The figure hanging over us swayed with the rocking of the. beam, and gave no help until that last terrible ? moment, when his cousin, reaching down, was able to sustain him tinder the arm till he could get his hand up and clasp it round the beam. When suddenly, the nearly rescued man gave a great shriek, and crying, * you have conquered/ unloosed his grasp, and fell headlong into the abyss. ' Manama, I did not faint. But I looked at the marquis, and he looked at me, and I saw the ex pression of horrified amaze with which he had be held his cousin disappear gradually changeto one of the softest and divinest looks that ever visited a noble visage, and knew that even out of that pit of death love had arisen for us two, and that, henceforth, we belong to each other. He worked himself along that beam, he gave another leap, he landed at our side. In five minutes we were in the street, whoa he whispered in my ear .- ' * I am the Marquis de la Eoehe-Guyon/ ' 'Mamma, do you blaine me for giving such a man my heart, and do you wonder that what I have dedicated to this hero I can- never yield to any other man ?' * My child ! My child ! My child !' 'He was not loalg in seeking me out, mamma dear. I was hanpy till I -saw that you and papa frowned upon the alliance. Ail is a mystery to me ; but your will is my will/ 'You did marry for love, didn't yon, sweet mamma. ? I like to think so/ 'Honora, you hurt me/ Another silence. love is ? * — she found it hard to go on ; but she did — . I — I would make you happy if I could. But I can hold out no hope — none, none/ 'Mamma, you suffer. You do not wilfully deny me what is as mueh as my life to me ?' 'Wilfully, fionora? Listen!' The mother had stopped in her walk; I heard her restless tread no more. 'You say that I suffer. Child, I have never had one happy day. The nearest I have ever come to bliss was when you were first placed in my arms. Then, indeed, for one wild moment I felt the baptism of true love/ Satisfying her daughter with a few kisses she resumed her 'walk up and down the room, pausing' every now and then as if to listen. As these pauses always took place when she was near the wall behind which I crouched, I fre quently heard her breath. But I did not stir. 'And though night presently merged into mid night, and the silence and horror of the spot be came frightful, I kept to my post, for the stealthy tread continued, which proved that if the mother was -waiting for the daughter to mother to retire. And so daylight came. This is the first night in the secret chamber. Events crowd. A stranger of good appearance had arrived. He came on horseback, requested to see the landlady, and was told she was ilL An exclamation from the doorway interrupted him. Madame was there, 'her face petrified into sur prise. ' Mrs. ? ' 'Hush!' Advancing, she spoke in French, 'Do not speak tfce name, we are travelling incognito. As a gentleman, know us as Madame and Mademoiselle Letellier/ ' Mademoiselle ? She is well, I trust/. ' Quite well/ 'And yourself?' ' Quite well, also. What has brought you inf» these parts ?' ' Need you ask ?' Interested intensely in tbis development hourly unfolding before my eyes, I passed into the hidden chamber, and laid my ear to the wall. I had to wait a long time, then came the sonnd of voices. ' O, mamma, what has ^happened ?' The reply was delayed. ' What makes you think anything has happened r' 'O, mamma, you cannot deceive me! Your very limbs are trembling'. Has he ? *. ' He — he — always he '/ the mother passionately interrupted. * I might die ? ' ' Hush ! hush ! Whenever did you speak like this before, rn^.TnTna. ? Love you ? ? Did ever a child love her mother more ? Some one has eolne, then M. Dubois ? * ' Dubois is a traitor. He has not kept the secret of our whereabouts/ * Honora, can I trust you ? Answer what I ask. Could you see the Marquis, talk to him, hear him urge his love, and ? * 'See him?' It was all the poor girl had heard. He has come — he is here ; the horse I heard stop at the door ? ' ' Was tbat of the Marquis/ the mother Teplied. * This evening you shall see him, if you will pro mise me what I have asked. Otherwise he must go/ ' Only let me see him. I will de all yon ask of me. Yen may trust me/ There was despair in the tones now. # # * # As they talked but little I was greatly interested in seeing the young man. I stole baelz to my room ; hastened to join my guests. One glance was sufficient to assure me it was he whom I sought. I advanced, and bade him welcome. Now and then his glance would steal toward the open windows, as if- he longed to catch a glimpse of some passing face or form.; andat last; swayed by that sympathy which we women all- feel for true love in man or woman, I asked him into the garden, promising h*m a view that would certainly delight him. The garden was visible from the oak-parlor; you carl readily understand to what I allude. I remarked, ' This is the inhabited sida One room is occupied — Madame and Mademoiselle Iietellier/ . . ? . . '.* Is she— are they' behind those windows ? I .know these ladies, and anything in connection ' with them is interesting io me. I . ain happy to be known as Madame's friend/ GoodQod! What lay before this man! And be so unconscious 1 ' Have -yon ever heard -of the traditions connected with this place ?J ... ' 'Oh, no/ he smiled ; '-the ' Happy-go- liucky'* is auite a stranger $0 me. You cherish up all its legends and tales of ghosts, and certain disem ?bodied spirits wandering through its narrow halls?' ' ' ' ^WhatspititB?' - ' ' 'There is a-etory ? * I began 3 but here a piercing roice rang -down the paths from the house, and we heard — 'Your eyes will certainly suffer, if yon let the bet sun glare upon them. Turning, saw Madame's face looking from her casement 4 'that struck us both dumb. Two hours later Madame sent me the following note — ?J reouest cf you a favor, my need being great/ You -are *he only person who can. assist me. The ' Marquis -de la Boche-Guyon has come, to pay' court ,to my daughter. I am unprepared to favor it, but carmot refuse him an interview 1 yet do not desire them an interview alone. Iain ill ; j -will you fulfil the office of chaperon for jne, and take such measures as will prevent «be*lnte «*n fidence between them, which I myself dare not encourage. M.L/ I did not like the note; and I did not mean to be its dupe. Her sudden illness was nonsense ; she was as well as I was myself. Here I made a mis take. Madame was really ill. A physician was sum moned. It was a rheumatic attack. I stood aghast at what looked to me like a dispensation of Providence. But I began to doubt again, for I knew it was beyond anybody's power ta simu late the suffering under which she evidently labored; and was made to feel that her mind retained its hold upon whatever the purpose might be, and that for me to . relax my vigilance now would be to give lier an advantage. J held my sympathies in check, and watched for that glance' or word -which should reveal her secret intentions. It was just a quarter to 9. ' I expect you to keep yeur appointment. I feel better, and as if I could sleep. Only, remem ber your promise, dear. No look, no hint of your feelings/ Mademoiselle flushed scarlet. Stealing a look at me, she^irew back embarrassed, but joyous ! 'Look in the glass/ the mother now com manded. ' Yon need to tie np your curls again and wear a fresh flower/ To me in low tones, she said, 'you received 'my note?' I nodded. ' You -will do what I ask ?' I nodded again. Deliberate falsehood it was, but I showed no faltering. * And do not send anyone to me. See, the pain is almost gone/ I then quitted the room, and hurried to my own room. It was dark, dark as the secret cham ber into which I now stole. Horror, gloom, and apprehension were in the air. Straining every faculty to catch the purport of what is going on behind an impenetrable wall, I caught the sound of a prolonged and painful stir within. Madame, I was now sure, had left her bed and was dragging herself with difficulty and distress across the floor toward the door, the key of which I pre sently heard turn. This d-$ne, a heavy silence followed; the .slow, dragging swund began again. She was crawling in my direction, end I gradually withdrew, step hj step, till I found myself pressed up against the wall in the remotest corner I could find. Here was I, standing, enveloped in darkness and dread, and from a narrow gap, through which the faint light in the room beyond dimly shwne in a thread of lesser darkness, the aperture grew, till I could feel rather than see her form, crawling, not walking, through the opening, and hear distinct enough now her horrible gurgling tones as she murmured — 'I shall have to grope for what I want — touch it, feel it, for I cannot see. O God ! O God ! what horror ! what punishment !' Nearer, nearer wer the floor she came, drag ging her useless limb behind her. Her out stretched arm groped, groped about the floor, while I stood trembling and agonised with horror till her hand touched the skirt, of my dress, when with a great shriek of suddenly liberated feel ing, I pushed her from me, and crying out, ' Murderess, do yon seek the the bones of your victim ?' I flung open the door, and. light stream in upon us twe. She had fallen' in a heap crushed before me, with wide-staiing eyes and shaking lips. 'You thought I fdid iii»fc know you/ I burst forth. ' You thought because I had never seen your face you could come back here, bringing1 your innocent daughter with you, and cast your self into the very atmosphere of your crime without awakening the suspicion of the woman whose house you had made a sepulchre ef for so many years. But crime was written too plainly on your brow. The spirit of Honora Urquhart, breaking the bounds of thiB room, has walked ever beside - you, and I knew you from the first moment that you strayed down this hall/ 'You are punished,' I went on, * in the misery of your daughter. The blood of Honora Urqu hart has called aloud from these walls, and not yourself only, but the still viler being whose name you have so falsely shared, must answer to man and God for the life you so heartlessly sacri ficed, and the rights you so falsely usurped/ 'Mercy/ came in one quick gasp from the crushed heap of humanity before me. I was inexorable. I remembered Honora Urquhart's sweet face, and at tbat moment could think ©f nothirjg else. So I went on : ' You have had years of triumph. You have borne your 'victim's name, worn your victim's clothes, sported with your victim's money. And he, her husband, has looked on and smiled. Day after day, month after month, year after year, you have gone (on, and God's vengeance, though it halts, is sure and keen. You make suspicion certainty 'by moving a spring1 unknown even to myself, and entering this spot from which tbe bones of yOur -victim were taken only two months ago, Marah Jjeigh-ton/ Moved by the name, she stood up, and towered before me, her hand lifted, ber whole attitude one of listening. \- ' Hark ! ' she cried. It was a knock — a faint, low, trembling knock — that we heard; then the word 'Mamma!* came in muffled accents from the hallway. ' O God, my daughter-^-my daughter ! ' she cried; and, falling at my feet, pleaded, ' Will you kill her? She knows nothing, suspects nothing. The whole of her life has been pure. I love her— I love her, though she looks like the woman I hated and killed. She bears her name — why, I do set know ; I could not call her anything else. I crossed the water — for her, I plunged my living hand into ifeie tomb, to learn if our secret had ever been 'discovered, and if there was any hope that she might yet foe made happy ? keep secret my sin. Hear me — hear a wretched mother's plea ? '* - . * It is too late/ I broke in. There are others upon your track. I doubt if your husband, does not already know that the day of his prosperity is atanend/ She gave a low cry and tottered from the. place. Entering her own room, she threw herself upon the bed. I could hear, her -daughter's voice call ing, letting the radiant girl in. * O, mamma/ she began, * I could not keep my word — -* I was just going out. Leoking back, I saw a hand thrust out from between the falling cur tains. . Pointing- it out to MademoiseUe^l said — , 'Your mother's hand. Gbre it -a. laBS, Mademoi selle, but do not part the curtains/ 3£As .1 dosed the door I thought «f those words, * And the sins of the father shall be visited upon the cfaildren.of the third and fourth generation/ But the events of the night are not over. I re turned to tne sitting-room, where the Marquis lingered. As he met my glance he commented upon my paleness and asked if J were ilL I told Mm that events of a most serious nature were transpiring in tbe house ? that he was con cerned in them heavily grievously ; that I could not rest till I had taken him into my confidence, and shown* Mm upon what a precipice he was standing. 'He evidently considered me demented; and ottered in irrepressible anxiety the one word, «HoMpra/' 'Miss Ur^uharfc is well/ I began, * and is as ignorant as yourself of the shadows that hover over her. She is all innocence -and truth, sir;* but is threatened by jpal&mity; that ever befell a' sensitive human, being/ *Mon Dieu! I love her. What are these dreadful secrete? Tell me without hewtatipn, -«,( ~ --. *« *? , -s * *- for I have entreated her to be my- wife, and she ' She thinks it is a parent's ?whim alone which^ keeps her from responding fully to yonr wishes/ I finished. 'But Madame's objections have deeper ground than that. Miserable woman as she is, she has some idea of honor left. She knew her daughter could not safely marry into a high and noble family, and so ? * 'What is this you say? Madame TTtquhart ' Wait !' I broke in. ' You call her Madame Urquhart, but she has no claim to that title. She and Edwin Urquhart have never been married !' 'How do you know ?' he demanded. * All the world credits their marriage, and ? ' * All the world does not know what transpired in this house sixteen years ago, when Edwin Urquhart stopped here with his bride on his way to France/ 'Ah, madame, you acknowledge that she is his wife; yon said bride/ ' The woman he brought here was his bride. Edwin Urquhart is no common criminal, Marquis de la Eoche- Guyon/ It was hard to make him -understand and to undermine his trust. \- 1 related all that had jnsfcoeenrred in the room below. Then, indeed, lie seemed, to comprehend Ms position, and was completely crushed and horror- stricken. From his lethargy of despair I . did hoe seek to rouse him. I knew when he had anything to say he would speak. « Suddenly he remarked. — ' We have been a proud family. I cannot drag the unfathomable disgrace of all these crimes into a record so pure as that of the Eoche-Guyon race. I must now content myself with merely giving her the comfort of a true heart and such support as can be provided by a loving but un accustomed hand.' * Marquis ? * I commenced. ' My name is Louis de Fofitaine. Henceforth my cousin will be known as the Marquis/ 'Then you continue to consider yourself the suitor of Miss Urquhart ?' I stammered. * You will marry her,. though her parents maybe called upon to perish upon the scaffold ?' The answer came brokenly — ' Did you not say that she was innocent ? Is she to be crushed beneath the guilt of her parents? Should I fail her — great heavens! I love her/ With reverence I took my departure, and went to Miss Urquharf s room, and ssftly opened the door. Sne was asleep. Gazing at her face, and notingthe happy smile unconsciously lingering on her lips, I could not but feel that her lot was an enviable one, allied, as it promised to be, with that of one of such high principles as the Marquis. Though I am old now, the love of the innocent and pure is sacred to mo. This spectacle had the charm of a spotless lily blooming in the jaws of hell. As it was late, I began to think of rest. My uneasiness in regard to Madame would not let me sleep. I made another visit to her room. So, leaving the g-entle sleeper lapped in eerenest dreams, I proceeded to descend once more. As I passed the great deck on the stairs I noticed that it was almost midnight, and began to hasten my steps, when I heard a loud knock at the front door. The sonnd greatly startled me this night. I ,even remember pausing, as if it were a question whether I should obey the unwelcome summons. However, I hastened to the door, and threw it open. A gust of rain and wind greeted me. This was my first surprise. My next was in the bearing and appearance of the stranger who de manded my hospitality. For there was that in his aspect which stirred recollections. Yet I could not speak his name, and led . him through the hall and into the comfortable eitting-room, with no impression that something was about to happen which would complete the horrors of this eventiul night. And when the light fell upon him I recognised the prominent jaw and earnest i'ace, and ex claimed — ' Mr. Felt !' ' The same/ he replied. ' And you are Mrs. Truax, of .course. Mr. Taniworfh has described you to me, aiso this inn, till I feel as if I knew its every stone. I did not wish to visit it, but I could not help myself. I have been twenty hours on the road, but part of these I have epenfc in the thicket on tb.# opposite side of the road; for the sight of the house awakened in my mind such a disturbance that I feared to show myself at the door/ I was speechless. Sad the old psychological in fluences acted upon him at 40 miles' distance ?' ' You come from Albany,' I at last stammered forth. 'A touch of the old spell/ he murmured. ? Something is about to happen me ; something has drawn me with purpose to this house/ I felt awe-struck. Would he next guess what that something was ? ' What has called me here ?' he said, ' Danger t© her or death to him ? A stroke has gone home to him or her, and it is in tbis place I am to learn it — is it not so, Mrs. Truax ?' 'Perhaps/ I tremblingly assented. 'There is a gentleman here from Prance who may be able to tell you something of the man and woman you mean. Would it affect you very much to hear disastrous news of them ?' ' I cannot say/ he answered. Do you think I should feel overwhelmed at any retribution fol lowing a crime that was committed almost as much against me as against the pure and noble being wh» was the visible sufferer ?' ' * I shrink from Answering/ I returned. If he alone were to suffer ? ' 'Ah, he!' ' Or if she/ I proceeded, ' were* bound by no ties appealing to the sympathies. But she is a mother ? * 'A mother!' he cried. 'She — she! the tigress, the heartless one. Great Heaven ! and the child has lived, I suppose ; is grown up, and — and ? ' ' Is the purest of beautiful women/ * How do you know V he asked. ?Because I have seen her/ I rejoined : * because ' I have had opportunities for studying her heart. She is called Honora, and she is like Miss Dudleigh, only more beautiful and with more claims to what is called character/ He did not seem to take in my words. ' You hare been to Ibrance/ he declared. . 'No/ I corrected; Miss Urquhart has been here/ ' ' Here ?' he repeated. ' A girL an'innocent girl, you say, and sent here V * They had reasons; besides, she did not come alone/ This time he understood me. *Oh/ he shrieked, 'she is in the house! -I might have known it!' he went en more calmly. ' She could not resist the magnetic influence which all places of blood have upon the guilty. And he?5 '-The man had less courage/ I declared. 'Per hapB, because he had less love/ 'Love*' 'It was love for the daughter which drew the mother here; not the spell of her crime or the accusing spirit of the tdead. She%as willing to risk detection, and with it her reputation and life, to give happiness to the one being whom she really loves/ 'Explain. How could, she hope to find happi nessfor her child here f ' 'By determining once for all whether the «rimecf sixteen je&ts; back had ever bam dis cpverediiwdithftdnafc,i»s*tiBfjpii« own pods and her daughter's fceart, by giving that daughter to as noble a gentleman as ever carried a sword/ * And they are here now ?' 'They are here/ ' And sae has discovered ? ~ 'The futility of all her hopes/ 'What an end for Marah Leighton/he gasped. ' And she is here. ? And she knows'her crime is detected. How came she to know this ?' * I recognized her and told her. There was no other course/ There was no possibility of denial, and she now lies ? ' Wait !' he cried. * When was this ? To-day — to-night ?' * !N«t two hours ago/ 1 You see/ he murmured, * she has power over me yet. When her hepe broke something1 snapped within me here. I abhor her; but I feel her grief. And the daughter. Does she know of the opprobrium which must fall upon her head?' j ' She sleeps/ I replied. 'Her lover has followed her to this place, and the last words she heard to-night were those oS his devotion. Her suffer ing must come to-morrow ; yet it will be mitigated, for he will not forsake her, whatever shame may ?follow his loyalfcy/ ' Then the earth holds two lovers/ was Mark Felf s rejoinder. ' I thought it held but one.' I took tlie opportunity to excuse myself for a few minutes, and hastened to the now oft-opened door leading into the oak-parlor. I found it closed but not locked, and, pushing it open, listened for a moment, then iook^t, glance within. I shuddered as I looked, and shadderea Btill more as I approached the bed and paused firmly before it. 'Madame/ said I, ' the Marquis knows your guilt, yet consents to marry your daughter/ But the silence -within remained unbroken, and not a movement displaced the s«mbre falling cur tains. Agitated beyond endurance, I drew those cur tains back. The foed was empty ! My eyes turned in the direction of the secret chamber. Its entrance was closed, but I knew she was hidden thGre. For a moment I hesitated, then I hastened back to Mr. Felt. ' What hashappened ?! he asked importunately. ' Your face is as pale as death/ 'Because death is in tbe house. Madams ; is she to be found in her room ? There is another place, in which instinct tells me we shall find her, and find her dead/ * At her daughter's bedside ?' ' No ; in the secret chamber/ ' You are right/ he hoarsely assented. * Let us seek her; it may not be too late.' The entrance to this hidden room was closed, and I did not know where to find the hidden spring by means of which the panel was moved. We had, therefore, to endure minutes of suspense while Mr. Felt fumbled at the wainscoting. ' Oh, oh/ was my moan ; ? this is terribfe. Let us quit it or go round to my own room, where there is an open door/ But he only increased his efforts. 'I am coming, Harah — I am coming/ he called, ' and at once. Immediately it yielded, and the opening so eagerly sought for was made. ' Go in, he gasped — ' go in/ And so it was that the fate which had forced me against my will, drove me, as I now hope, for the last time. For there upon the floor we saw the outstretched form of the unhappy being whe had usurped Honora's place in life, and now, in retribution for that act) had laid her head down upon the same couch in death. She was pulse less and cold. Upon her mouth her left hand lay pressed, as if with her last breath she had sought to absorb the pure kiss which fcad been left there - by the daughter she se much loved. Did Marah Leighton will the coming of her old lover to my inn on that fatal night ? That is the question I asked when, with the first breaking of the morning light, I discovered. lying on the table under an empty phial, a letter addressed, not to her husband nor to her child, but to him — Mark Felt. It is a question that will never be answered ; but I know that he comforts himself with the supposition, that, in the bittrness of those last hours., some touch of the Divine merey may have moved her soul. The letter I afterward read. It was as follows : 'To the man who gave all, bore all, and reaped nothing but suffering. * 1 did not die sixteen years ago in the Hudson Biver. I lived to share in and profit by a crime that has left an indelible stain upon my life ana an ineffaceable darkness within my soul. ' Edwin Urquhart could make my eyes shine and my blood run swiftly, but not ? so swiftly as to make me break my troth with you, had he not sworn to me that through him I should gain what moved me more than any man's love. Yet I let myself be drawn by yon almost to the church door. ' But I got no farther. There in the crowd he stood, with a command in bis eyes which forbade any farther advance. Though I comprehended nothing then, I obeyed his look and went back, for my heart was not in any marriage, and it was in the hopes to which bis looks seemed to point. Later he told me what those hopes were. He had been down to Long Island, and while there had chanced to hear in some tavern of the ' Happy go-lucky' Inn and its secret chamber, and he saw, or thought he saw, how he could make me his without, losing the benefits of an alliance with Miss Dudleigh. And I thought I saw/tlso, and entered into his plans, though they comprised crime and entailed horrors upon me from which women naturally shrink. ?What I suffered during its perpetration no word of mine can convey. I cringed to her moans, I shook under the bl»w that stifled them. And when all was *ver, and the bolts which confined me were shot blSk, and I found myself once more on my feet and in the free air of this most horrible of rooms, I looked about, not for him, but her ; and when I did not see her or any token of her death* I was seized by such an agony of revulsion that I uttered a great and irrepressible cry, which' filled the house and brought more than one startled inquirer to our door. ' For retribution and remorse were already busy within me, and in the lurking shadows about the fireplace I thought! saw the long and narrow slit made by the half-closed panel standing open i between me and the secret place of her entomb^ mejlt. ? .-:: ' My child came. Ah, Heaven, that I should have to mention her here. Oh, if the knowledge of my misery wakens in you one thought that ie not of revenge, cast a pitying eye upon this darling one, left in a hateful country without friends, without lover, without jproansi ' ' As tor her father, let JIeav«& diaal with him.' He gave me this darling chiu£ eo^fiaWipnoi curse him, even if I cannot bless. .5 r~V ?* 'tt&AH;/A October 23, 1791.— =1 have seen one bright thing to-day, and that was the^faint and almost un* earthly v gleam which shot for a moment fromj , beneath Honora's falling lids, as I told her whaft - love was, and how the Marquis only awaited b/er? permission to speak, to assure her of his bound less affection and his -undying purpose to be true : to her. ' I ? November '30, 1791. — I thought that when; Honora Urquhart left £ny house 'to i$f married to M. 4e Fontaine, m the chaich belyr the hilLfj ; ihatpea»w»nidr»tmimto»©Be»iBo&\- t \ 'But there is no peace. This morning another horrible tragedy, defiled my doorstep. I was sitting in the open porch, waiting for the inailcoach, when I heard the clatter cf horses' hoofs, and looking up saw a small party o£ men approaching from the south. As they came nearer, I noticed that one of the riders was white haired, and was interesting myself in him, when he came near enough for me to perceive that it was no other than Mr. Tamworth. Eising in perturbation, I glanced at the men behind and abreast of him, and saw that one of these rode with lowered head and an oppressed mien, and'vras just about to give that person a name in my mind, when the horse he bestrode suddenly reared, and- dashed forward to where I sat, flinging his rider at the very threshold of my house, where he lay senseless as the ^itone upon which his head had fallen. For an instant both his companions and myself paused aghast; then, amid cries from the road [ and one wild shriek from within, I rushed forward, and turning over the head looked upon the face of the fallen maa. Though changed and seamed, and white now in. death, I recognised it at once. It was that of Edwin Urquhart. * * . * # # This noon. I took down the sign which has swung for tw-enfcy years over mv front do«r. February 3, 1792.— This week I have had the oak parlor and. its hideous adjunct torn from Ely house. Now, perhaps, I can sleep. March 16, 1792.— News from Honora. The distant relative who succeeded to the estates and title of the Marquis de la Eoche- Guyon has fallen a victim to the guillotine. ' j September 5, 1795.— I have been from home, I have been on a visit to New York. I have tasted of change, of brightness, of free and cheerful ] living, and I can settle down now in this old and j fast-decaying inn with something else to think i about than ruin and fearful retribution. I have been visiting Madame De Fontaine. She ! wished me to come, I think, that I might see how ? amply her married life had fulfilled the promise of her courtship days. The Marquis— I shall always call bi»n thug— has found a friend in* General Washington, and there are evidences constantly appearing of the i confidence reposed in Viith by this ereat man. Honora has developed into a grand beauty. There ie nothing of despair in her glance; rather, a lofty hope: and she smiles with snch a heavenly brightness in her countenance, that I think there is no fairer ?woman in the world, 'as I am assured there is none worthier. The grace of God has fallen at last upon the 'Happy-go-Lucky3 Inn. THE END. 