An . AcS va i-siwr© vwiih' a wYVhcn 1 wa- >- ' ul r.f".= oven'- .-n, I was office boy JL. ; ,uk. ; ion's . i.ihnldphia agency, ana v - >t v. of course, to be sent on on a . .1 K. -m v time the caD- KUH got a il'. .' L | slide up to bim fend say : -v., ;.. y.;.:-S bettor b-t ine go put on tout, v.-oaltl answer with a 8ri"-" "'"'t lil« time; Hurry.' VVan till tha imxt, .-t-p " J , Along i:! Deeef.ii.er of libit year there was a gr< 11c rusi. of business at our office. e !'i!" I;),tcen fivtcctives, all old expori- euced iuoius, ami _they were on the jump Hlgill and day. >,") L- could not handle the usmcssmt was commix in, and the cap- aia fan::.'/ out in fun from iris private Office, Ig-ac,.swei;ha.veto lot you take tlie litxi IIhitv. _ Hiiri.il;. haci lie said the words when the door opened and a raw old countryman ntcrec. He proved to bo Joe Baylis, a Mwnscffiory coupty justice -f the peace, aud no Wiinted the captain to send a man down vita nini to attend to a ghost who \- Fas cutting didos at Fort Vi'ashington. a he cupLii:! tola him ho w.mM send a TQau as soon as lie liail one at his disposal. Tbet a leit tiud jutlli)e-1 to my "Captain," I said, "send mo on the case. The captain leaned back in tlie chair and looked at me hard. "sTe here. Harry," to sain, suppose I- were to send vou. what would you do ?" " ' I outlined a very elaborate campaign agan'st the ghost. He k.t lne u=d then said : 1 Oli d make a cm, founded ass til youvseii, now, wouldn't you? You'd make i;s lne laughing .stock of the town. t„Z '"hc lirst l'l3c--; always bear in mmd there is no such thimras a -Uost If I send you to Fort Washim;' ,:,. qot here with unit idea in your lmad, TJw.;:e is- no Buck t.inig as a ghost, if you se<r Hie j ghost and get near enough, i ; : i , jf if wiii t,,,,, ,,,! t, i„i,; /,:?, isL,„ donw x.l.at X0.,, H| leS g5 I1ld tn 3 our hand. If you see i ho ghost and I think you curt handle it, iio hr.v mm follow I it and see who it is." ' . The captain gave me money and swav I h' r i 7 l":ettY brave. Aviv, was br.iad aay jig.m then, but- there were times when \- V1. myself we-ll out of tuc- thinx- I got to i' ore Washington tiireeo clock .and uh-mrod the way to i i,a hsaiiitcd liouse .11 0111 tue station agcr.. i it oia a Jjrilaqilt hall a mile lion-, fin- ur.vn, and dookcu it o\ er with interc- ' . I .-ipprelien— kYtVt5 1111 old white i-V,u..e mansion standing in Park-like grounds, with plenty pf outhouses about it. Some countrymen. ,xvliom 1 met, told me that the ghost was- 5 tin the habit oi standing oil top of the- f jbroail stone wall thai; skirted tiia roadway. ! There was ail outhou.se so situated that | any one concealed in it coiud overlook the rwliole stretch of wall fi-om em! to-eml, and IX made up my mind that this was the ;place for me to get into l-e '.re the ghost .made its appearance. Th -n 1 went pack 'to the hotel, took my sutm and cuatted !with tlie waiters and a few loungers about .tlie ghost. I learned that it first r.-oueared about three weeks before my arrival. A man named Me'faiiish. an ixiior.iiit farm hand, was the first person to en counter it. lie was coining to the town one night from the grist-n.iii with a sack of meal on ids back, ai d mmsc-d for a moment in front' of the «, . to set the bag down on a sunup ami ust his sliouldor. Ho heard a voiee behind him, and turning round saw standing on the wall a figure he afterwards said was fifteen feet high at least, lie bid not stop to observe the figure very crn.-f.iih, though, (but ran as hard as knew bow down the road. Next night a party of men saw the ghost ami tiny also ran. Tiny said the igliost made alter them breathing fire and (brimstone and acting in a peculiarly weird and unholy manner. After that the house was avoided at uiylit. but several strong -parties of men, including the select men of pile town, saw the ghost from a. respectful /distance. It approached them in each .case, and in each case they took to their Ibeels. : /About dusk I stole down to the deserted bouse, aud it was dark when I got there. EE slid along tlie wail to the outhouse, jCrept cautiously in and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the doer when I knew (that there was some other person in that Outhouse. I felt sure there was somebody .close to my elbow, i was trembling like a jleaf, but I managed to pull a mutch from any pocket and strike it. j. held it- up. It snowed me big white mufr.ed figure not two feet away. Then the match went out. , Was I scared ? "Well, now, I should sav so. There are some people who laugh at tlie idea of a plan's hair standing on end. They say it is a physical impossibility, but 1 know better. I could feel my hair rise right up 'and. lift my hat, and my iiosli crept. But I had' to jump. I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened I seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed something and held on. When the first shock passed 1 ' felt the ghost tugging and pulling to get away from me. It seemed as badly frigh tened as i was, and its hands were soft arid warm. " Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified, voice. I had no voice to rcpiy with. I was choking, but I pulled my captive out on ii,<\- lawn anu looked at it in the moon- Jig ut. The .sheet that had been muified at but the figure, leil to i.hq ground — a piett'y girl of 15 was disclosed. "I was in a' cold perspiration aud shaking as if recovering from a shock of electricity, but Wo u 1 saw that 1 had caught a veal gco.;inc tlesh and blood girl, and no ghost. I ; .«.?!) i! fo feci better and presently was aide to tail:. Who are you ?" he asked. " A.u.nih iJaylis." What ! tlie daughter of Joe Baylis " Y cs, sir." What are you doing this for ?" The girl began to cry. She said she bad not meant any harm. She and her si ter had played ghost just to have some fun. Her sister was usually with her, but idi i not come this night, as she was too Ij; v £?lie had heard from iier lather th it a -detective was coming to catch the gl i .. ;. but thought iie was not due for a dry or two, ami resolved to make one last /appearance and then give up the perior- E3.IUCII till things calmed down, i "Who are you 1" she asked. : '- " I'm the detective," l-'said. rr-ii" looked me- over in evident awe and cc is-n-rnation, tinged with -'some surprise oi; a-r.-ount of my age. . . __ ' 1 V hat are you going to do with me ?" ' ! I shall have to expose you V i Thm «ih i ir.iea aaiu and begged to be released ami allowed to go'liome, but that "did not suit me at ail. I said she was my P Y'oi'ici' and lis such I must ..deliver her up to the authorities, and after a good fll'-al of waiting, she suggested tnat I had better give her up to lier own father. - - 1 agreed to that, aiid picking up tfifeslieet, "held her arm and took her wu||we to fatinr's 1mu.se, about a mile u -taut. ' D'ui't yo-.: hno.v you might ha " been : i el I iv .some of those people you ight nod !""l astcJ. -.wiraTU''" 7 sii ', I never thought --f that .r crybody wiio saw mo ran away.' d- yen we got to the farm-hous -.vherc I.'mdc lived ,j .Vas half-past nine u nlock. % .;: v'.ui.ly was in bed ami the Jig!. wore oi "fit, but 1 boldly knocked at the door. >. v.iir'.ow opened and a man's voice saiii : . ' ' iviio's the; e I" . "Me." Who's me ?" " I rc- detuclivc." ") ou'ic rather late. Why did yfld foi wait til! to-morrow ? Better come rurinJ am! sec mc in tlie morning" I want to see you no w. J have the .'bo.. L " At ibis th.-; window was closed . villi a uilii;.;, and i. hoard hurried steps c i the ituii. I i ! <!oor ojioncfl and old Baylis sh od in col. i".vuy. Je was draped in i: very "'.," "u'-fasliioned wiiite gown and wore a i-aii steeple-shaped night-cap. one hand -.;ei> up a tin candlestick and the other m.i led the light. A circle of board sWcep- Ug under hi", eliin from em to ear .-mul-.- u:;i look very comical. Hi looked at fno in aslonishment ami when' he saw his mngfiter and tin? sliect I thowdifc he uas lU'.i.g into convulsions. " Vj.'U, .femiic i"' lie asked at icugtli. ' j OS, lathe?," said Jer.'.iie very numhly. ' , Old i'.avlis sigl.'-od ami said " F-ine in." IB sent for the ne:-ghbou:s innrxxdiateJy i iimvt know what- was said at then meet ing, for J was not admitted to it, but oh! ! i gviis gave mo a ivx/ier to the eajitaii! and ,j ; -.rKed me -vl on thvnisdnighh train Vex; m >i ;irn-_' I reached 5!.-c oliicc early' and lo.-mi ail the men iriwent., waiting I'mAfhe n to «chtii tiic;y; 'Tito men gri;:.»;ed j iy- «'»>! j'asscd the? ti-ne of day plsa- .oi:it!-y e mmgii. |: Thyy nil knew wIik-'C I had been ivffd- ;: : i a wonderful tale of disaster and : , -Icbiat. vvhich they wei8Teatfj to laugh ci/- altlionxh I was a faveni'ite with thetv..- having done many a piece- of extra worl-i- iu:- tivtsry nidJi there. " i ihw.g;ti .sciit youth FottYXashin 2:- ton. ilarry?" said the captain. " Y'-.s, sir."' " Made an ass of yoursc-ifw I suppose?" '' There's a letter, sir." iVi.ih; t.1,0 captain read tin? letter the iii-vu guyc-d me. Tms is a very nice letter/ Marry," said ' i:;- -::uis. '" Boys, the y v-uiiv-'.r oap- "iL-t he " said the men. " \ vs.- .'.'!r, lie did. TJ-e boy is a credit io us," ami then the capre.ur iv.ul the nor: r of the selectmen out loud. At -very soii-i'.encrt 1 grew a foot;. " \l ol!r how did you do it. I" several l t.md rhe sioiy, and you may be sure I did mot refrain from giving mys.-li in- nsy of oiudit. My tale - was very liii'.iiiy cofeured. YTIicn it . why. co:i- Long Jim Ixuigdon «hiswleil out : il'UTV, tell the Inmost truth. Was you '.Yigiiumcd when that uiatish went -Yo. of course notf said 7..' But I i: ignte-iiod two years later, . -.vhen i asfeai the giiost t;> marry me, and I tn might she was going to sav no.. How- ever, sue didn't. — ' 1 Texas Sittings." 