OLD WOBLD SPOET. (By ' Cooeamin.') I was prevented by an accident' from sending my usual notes last week from Newmarket, where I went with Mr. S. A. Stephen, Mr. George Osborne, and other Australians, to witness the dabut of Kirkham in the Hastings Plate. I thought that such an event wonld have attracted ell the Australians in London, whereas, beyend our own party, I did not see a man I knew. As a matter of fact, the attendance of the public was about the smallest I have ever seen at leadqnarters, though the weather was lovely, and the heath waa«at ite best. With reference to the princi pal object of our visit, it is very satisfactory to record that Kirkham came through his ordeal with credit ; and, all things considered, Matt. Dawson had every reason to be pleased with the performance. He was meeting Heanme, probably the second best 3 yeare-old colt in England, and Hackler, which had been very highly tried, besides several others of more or less note. Daweon had Kirkham in the paddock a full hour before the race, to accustom him to the crowd, bnt Matt, need not have been at all anxious as to the behavior of his charge, for the colt walked aboat as unconcernedly as any old stager. In fact his happy-go-lucky, lazy style ot walking round the ring created anything but a good impression. When stripped it was seen that though he had not quite the ' Matt. Dawson polish ' on, he was fit and well, with plenty of muscle. But if he appeared dozy in the birdcage, as soon as Bickaby rode him on to the course he teok hold of bis bit and dashed away as if he relished the task before him. The Hastings Plate coarse is what is known as the 'D.M.' a Ditch mile, and the finish is some di-tance above the stand. I selected as my ' coign of van tage,' a position about a furlong from the winning post. The start was a good one, and Kirknam showed that he is a very slow beginner, and for half a mile was right in the rear. His long stride then began to tell, and gradually overhauling the other horses, he was when they passed me, third, about a length and a half behind Hackler ; Heaume being several lengths in front. Eickaby then called upon the son of Chester, who responded gamely, and in a few strides he was at Hackler's girths ; and he was going so much the faster oi the pair that in a couple of strides more he would have been second. Had the course been a quarter of a mile longer, he would have troubled Heaume ; as it was the latter won. Eickaby told zae after the race that he had never ridden a gamer or more generous horse, and he believes that over long courses Mr. White's colt has few superiors in England. At present he is decidedly slow from the slips, hut Matt. Dawson intends to sharpen him up a 'bit between this and the Derby, in which I expect he will make a fair show. Not that I believe he has the ghost of a chance of winning, for it must be remem bered that Heaume gave him 111b in the Hastings Plate (9st 2ib and Set 51b), while Hackler gave him 31b. I think, however, that Heaume's superior con dition represented quite a difference of 101b or more, and I am of opinion that every time he runs Kirkham will improve. It was not considered advisable to start the colt for the Guineas against Suref oot and Le Nord, and he may not appear again in public until Derby Day. He may, however, start ior the Newmarket Stakes in place of Nareilan, who has been quite out of form, and has until a couple of days ago baen restricted to walking exercise, but is now working once more with bis stable companions, and is doing very well. He has grown tremendously, and is now a much taller horse than Kirkham. I have hopes that he will recover some of his lost form, for four months ago he was decidedly superior to Kirkham. Plutarch has quite gone off, and couldn't beat a hack now. Savill (Bingmaster's owner) doesn't believe in the English style of training, and he thinks he couid win a race with the old schoolmaster. I know he approached Mr. Stephen with a view to making an offer for the horse, but of course with no effect. Certainly after what Savill did with Bing master, it looks as if the Australian system is superior to our own old-fashioned style of preparing horses ; and I should certainly like to see one of the horses in some Australian's hands by way of experiment. If Mr. White still intends to go on racing in England, he would do well to send Tom Payten over with the next lot. Boaee is very angry at not having had the mount oa Kirkham in the Hastings Plate, and says it waa a breach of faith, as Mr. White promised him he should ride the best of the horses whenever they started. ' Martindale,' in commenting upon a cablegram I sent you in which I said that in Dawson's opinion Boase was not worth 71b of Biokaby, wrote that he did not believe the Australian, was 71b behind any jockey in the world. I have every respect for ?' Martindsle's' judgment, and I am quite sure that he would have agreed with Dawson had he seen Boase perform on Plutarch at Lincon and in the three trials the horses have had. I am sure that nothing would have pleased Mr. Stephen or Daweon better than to have seen Boase upon Kirkham at Newmarket; but in Mr. White's interest it was absolutely necessary to have another jockey. The already easy victory of Suref oot in the Guineas makes the Derby look a mere question of health for him ; and unless Le Nord's trial was all wrong, he must be very nearly, 'the horse of the century.' But ' there's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip,' und he has yet to earn the ' blue ribbon.' He is a great big splendidly-topped horse ; bnt bis lega do not appear to me the sort to stand a very strong preparation on hard ground. So far his trainer has been lucky in having had an exceptionally open time. But, should we have a spell of dry weather, and the ground should harden, the layers of 7 to 4 on Merry's colt won't have any the best of the deal. As I remarked when the colts arrived, Mr. White could not have possibly selected a more difficult year fox his plucky experiment' However, before these lines are in print you will have known all about it. The appointment of Mr. 'Archer' Coventry to the position of official starter is much approved on all sides. He has had a long 'experience aa a gentle man jockey, and is thoroughly au fait in all matters connected with racing, and no one knows better than he how to check all tricks at the starting pest. Lord Marcus Beresford commences his career as a trainer forthwith; and as he will have practically unlimited freedom of action both ae regards the purchase of stock and the running, of Baron Hirsch's horses, he stould be a conspicuous success,- as the Baron is richissime, as the French say, and most liberal with h jg money. ' Marky ' will be in clover with ,£3000 a year, splendid quarters, the run of his knife and fork, and an unlimited number of hunters. , Billy Murdoch and his merry men commenced their campaign yesterday at Sheffield Park, near Brighton, where bis Lordship of that ilk had got together a very strong team to oppose *-our boys.' Murdoch has not forgotten' how to spin a coin, and he suc ceeded in winning the toss, and secured first innings which promises to b'e a great advantage. The great teatore of the first day's play was Murdoch's fine betting, which was ttemendonsly applauded. Though it would be the basest of flattery to say that he has quite recovered his best form, yet he did enough to show that.witha little more practice he may rival his performances here in 1884. Going in first wicket down he stayed in all day, and at drawing of stumps had made 92 not out; the total score being 1W toBjy eight wickets. I am afraid, however, that the match will be stopped, for it is raining cats and dogs, and play is out of the question. It will be hard on Billy if he should miss starting the season with a centary. The bowling and fielding of the Englishmen were very fine. Lyons showed considerable dash and good hitting power. Ditto Walters, who commenced by smacking Lohmann four times for four. Trott also played neatly and well, but the rest of the eleven were very feeble. Even Barrett did not impress me very much. Sammy Jones was very nervous, and waa well caught by Briggs from a bad stroke. Judging from what little I have seen, 1 should say that Murdoch was justified in saying that this team is up to the best standard of previous elevens. There is a great disposition on all sides to give a warm welcome to the colonials, and except in the case of one or two stuck-up county men, everybody has called on them and shown them a good deal of attention. 