I RELIGION'ANDMRALITY. e. The skeleton ghost of an almost thread bare controversy as to the connection or the line of demarcation between religion and morality still banned us. As the case is with many other bones of contention, the utmost powers would be cleared, or the battlefield be fairly laid out and the ghost for ever laid low if the combatants would only define what is) meant by the terms used, or is what sense they particularly understand them if, indeed, they are capable of- that achievement at all For instance, when a Christian talk of religion, of bonne He means not only Christianity, but that form of worship, or, in Other words, its peculiar ceremonial and dogma which he conceives to be paramount to every other Not only do these interpretations unfortunately vary to the tune of 200 more or less, but their special fund type is, to promote and foment discord in one banool what to a churchman's mind formulates Itself a "chum,' "defeat," "thereby, and so forth The numerically larger religionists of the world, such as Mahomedans and Buddhists, must be allowed to be powerful rivals as claimants for the exclusive possession of the Crown of Truth But the Christian, as well as the Mussulman and the Buddhist, arrogates for his creed the full monopoly of that rare com- modity, although their own Great Teacher asked. "What is truth f" off, on the other hand, the broad ground of understanding the term religion in the sense of reverence for divine power, how , ever manifested, and as embracing a code of principles, and precepts simply set forth and inculcated by their author-all which, if applied to daily conduct, would convert this undeniably wicked world into a little heaters below, then we should know precisely how and where we stand in relation to our imaginary combatants It might even fall within the circle of possibilities that we should come to some common basis of working for the good of mankind by the application of some, law or scheme of ethics that might perchance form a tolerable framework fortune various edifices that the different schools of special formula? of doctrine or tenets might rear for their own peculiar use and advantage i - le fact, the bounds of action for the ret! gious the moral elevation of all, must! be widened in the ratio of the process of the suns j for i it is absurd to suppose that With the advance of human knowledge and the expansion of 1 scientific research,! the world, is going to be tied down to the hard andjfastrulestpt any master, at least in so far as individual conscience and intellectual perception are concerned -> Here is the opinion of an accepted authority, namely, Archdeacon Farrar, recently communicated to an American magazine 2-The pulpit la nO Longer a coward s castle The preacher can be answered if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance. His 1 most self important assertions will be taken for what they are worth Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetence His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure not of his authority but of his conceit Of course we neither palliate the alleged wickedness of the pure moralist, nor impeach the sincerity even of the " strictest sect of the Pharisees," for the excellent scriptural reason, Judge not lest ye be judged, but in the capacity of accredited censors of morals, as well as of politics and kindred per plexities, we protest against going back wards We must advance if possible in the midstream of universal intelligence, and not either run blindly on breakers or get stranded on disgusting shallows At the same time we are ready enough to admit, What is patent to all observers that in the direction if religion or moral! y, not to mention manners and toleration, there is a vast field open for preacher, teacher, and parent alike As to religious instruction in State schools, the time, has gone by for doctrinal teaching beyond what the clergy are permitted to do. and don't do. That Glennie of moral training. and a code of ethics bearing on the conduct of life is urgently needed it plain enough (to all except professing Christian legislators. Communicated. 1 THE PRINCE'S WEIGHING BOOK At Sand lingham (according to the London correspondent of the Northern Echo) the Prince of Wales has long instituted a custom! of weighing both the coming and parting guests At the first convenient opportunity, latter being shown to his bedroom, the guest is weighed, the entry made in a book, and he u I weighed again on the morning of his departure The book in which this record is kept is a bulky volume, perhaps one of the most interesting collections of autographs in the world Among the signatures is that of "Salisbury" with the portentous an nouncementfollowingthaton his last visit to Sandringham the Premier weighed just over 13st, a record not to be regarded, without uneasiness even by a person of Lord Salisbury inches. of i I a wig-wag H For restoring colour and natural beauties the bale,, iiwtU«6«s*»te*« Mrsand sVUtlUrT»WorW»> r Burns. Qv 03 * "." 