CURIOUS TALES. THE DARK BUNGALOW. By Mns. .Tons CnoKKii. I. [i^^A^glNI) so you (wo young women nro lifj^/U'tfc going off mi a tlirco clays' journey fl||k J\\-J, nil by yourselves in a 'bullock uPffisK^A&n; tongi', 'to spend Christmas with Wl!!! youv husbands in the jungle ?' I^W The siMiikor was Mr,. I),,IT, ||sl|||i| the wife of our deputy conimis |jfos&ySftggj; si,,iier, and the two enterprising young women were Sirs. Goodcliild, the wife of the police officer of the district, and myself, wife of the 'forest officer. AVe wore the only ladies in Karwassa, a little up-country station, more than a hundred miles from the line of rail. Karwassa was a pretty place, an oasis of civilization, amid leagues and leagues of sur rounding forest and jungle : it boasted a post office, public gardens with tennis court, a tiny church, a few well-kept shady roads, and half a dozen thatched bunagloAvs, surrounded by luxuriant gardens, in the hot weather all the. community were at home, under the shelter of their own roof trees and punkahs, and within reach of ice— For we actually boasted au ice luacliine. During these hot months we had, so to speak, our season. The deputy commis sioner, forest officer, police officer, doctor and engineer were all ' in,' and our gayeties took the form of tennis at daybreak, moonlight picnics, while parties, little dinners, and now and then a beat for tiger, on which occasions we ladies were safely roosted in trust-worthy trees. It is whispered that in small and isolated stations the fair sex are cither mortal enemies ir bosom friends ! I am proud to be in a position to state that we ladies of Karwassa ;ame under the latter head. Mrs. Goodcliild und I were especially intimate : we were nearly the same age, we were young, we had been married fti the same year and tasted our first experiences of India together, we lent each either books, we read each other our home letters, helped to compose one another's dirzee nindo costumes and poured little confidences into one another's ears. We had made niimer nns joint excursions in the cold season, had been out in the same c.imp For a month at a time, and when our husbands were in a malari ous or uncivilized district, had journeyed on horseback or in a bullock tongo and joined them at some accessible spot, in the regions of dark bunsralows and bazaar fowl. Mrs. Dull', stout, elderly and averse to locomotion, contented- herself with her comfort able bungalow at Karwassa ; her weekly budge of letters from her numerous olive branches in England, and with adventures and thrilling experiences at second-hand. ' And so you are off to-morrow,' she con tinued, addressing herself to Mrs. Goodcliild. ' T suppose you know where you are going ?' ' Yes,' returned my companion, promptly, unfolding a piece of foolscap as she spoke : 'I had a letter from Frank this morning, and he has inclosed a plan copied from the 1). P. W. map. We go straight along the trunk line for days, stopping at Korai Bungalow the first night and Kular the second, you see ; then we turn off to the left on the old Jubbulpore Road and make a inarch of twenty-five miles, halt ing at a place called Chanda : Frank and ?Mr. Lloyd -will meet us there on Christmas 'Ghanda — Chanda,' repeated Mrs. Duff, with her hand to her head. ' Isn't there some queer story about a bungalow near there — that is unhealthy — or haunted — or some thing?' Julia Goodcliild and I glanced at one another significantly. Mrs. Duff had set her face against our expedition all along ; she ?wanted us to remain in the station and spend Christmas with her, instead of going on this wild-goose chase into a part of the district we had never been in before. She assured us that ?we would be short of bullocks, and would prob ably have to walk mile? : she had harangued ns on the subject of fever and cholera and bad water, and warned us solemnly against dacoits, and now she was hinting at ghosts. 'Frank says that the travellers' bungalows after we leave the main road are not in very good repair, the road is so little used now that the new railway line conies within twenty miles : but he says the one at Chanda is very decent, and we will push on there,' returned Julia firmly. Julia was nothing if not firm : she particularly prided herself on never swerving from any fixed resolution or plan. ? ' AVe take my bullock Tonga and Mr. Loyd's peon Abdul, who is a treasure as you know : he can cook, interpret, forage far provisions, and drive bullocks, if the worst comes to the worst.' 'And what about bullocks for three days' journey — a hundred miles if it's a yard ?' in quired Mrs. 'Duff sarcastically. ' Oh, the bazaar master has sent on a chuprassie and five natives, and we shall find a pair every five miles at the usual stages. As to food, we are taking tea, bread, plenty of tinned store?, and the plum pudding. We shall have a capital outing, f assure you, and I only ?wish we could have persuaded you into coming with us.' ' Thank you, my dear,' said Mrs. Dull', with a patronising smile. ' I 'in too old, and I hope to:- sensible, to fake a trip of a hundred miles in a bullock tonga, risking Fever and dacoits and dark bungalows full of bandicoots, just for the sentimental pleasure of eating a pudding with my husband. However, you are both young and hardy and full of spirits, and I wish you a happy Christmas, a speedy journey and a safe return. Mind you take plenty of quinine and a revolver,' and with this cheerful parting suggestion, she conducted us into the front verandah and dismissed us each with a kiss, that was at once a remonstrance and a valediction. IJehold us the next morning at sunrise jog ging oil', behind a pair of big white bullocks, in the highest spirits, in the front seat of the tonga we had stowed a well-filled tiffin basket, two Gladstone bags, our blankets and pillows, a hamper of provisions, and last, not least, Abdul Julia and 1 and Julia'* dog, 'Boss,' occupied the back seat, and as we rumbled past Mrs. Duff's bungalow, with its still silent compound and closed Venetians, we mutually agreed that she was ' silly old thing ' ; that she would have far more enjoy ment of life if she was as enterprising as we were. IF. On the third morning we left, the great highway and turned to the left, on to what was called the Old Jubbulpore lioad, and here our troubles began ! Bullocks were bad, lame, small or unbroken : one of Mrs. Duff's dismal prophecies came to pass, for after enduring' bullocks who lay down, who kicked and ran nil' the roail into their owners' houses, or rushed violently down steep places, we arrived at one stage where there were no bullocks at. all ! It was I o'clock, and we wera still sixteen miles from Chaiida. After a short consultation, Julia and I agreed lowalk on to the next stage or village, leaving Abdul to draw the neigh bourhood for a pair of cattle and then to over take us at express speed. 'No one coming much this road uuw, mem sahib,' he said apologetically ; 'village people never keeping tonga bullocks — only plough bullocks, and plenty bobbery.'.' ??? ' Bobbery or not, get thein,' said Julia with much decision ; 'no 'matter if you pay four times the usual fare. We shall expect you to overtake us in half an hour.' And having issued this edict, we walked on, leaving Abdul, a bullock man and two villagers all talking to gether and yelling at one another at the top of their voices.' Our road was dry and sandy, and lay through a perfectly Hat country. It was lined here and there with rows of graceful trees, covered with wreaths of yellow (lowers ; now and then it was bordered by a rude thorn hed'e, inside of which waved a golden field of ripe jewarri : in distant dips in the landscape we beheld noble topes of forest trees and a few red-roofed dwellings — the abodes of the tillers of the soil ; but on the whole the country was silent and lonely : the few people we encountered driving their primitive little carts stared hard at us in stupefaction, as well they might — two men sahibs trudging along with no escort except a panting white dog. The insolent crows and lazy blue buffaloes all gazed at us in undisguised amazement as we wended our way through this monotonous and melan choly scene, One milestone was passed and then* another, and yet another, and still no sign of Abdul, much less the tonga. At length, we came in sight of a large village that stretched in a ragged way at either side of the road. There were the usual little mud hovels, shops displaying, say- two bunches of plantains and a few h'andfulls' of grain, the usual collection of gaunt, red pariah dogs, naked children, and unearthly looking cats and poultry. Julia and I halted afar off under a tree pre ferring to wait for the Abdul to chaperon us, ere we ran the gauntlet of the village strnets. Time was getting on and the sun was setting, men were returning from the fields driving bony bullocks before them ; women were re turning from the well with water and the last bit of scandal ; at last, to our great relief we beheld Abdul approaching with the tonga, and our spirits rose, for we began to ask one another if we were to spend the night sitting on a stone under a tamarind tree without the village. 'No bullocks,' was Abdul's explanation. The same tried pair had come on most reluctantly, and in this village of cats and cocks and hens it was the same story, 'no bullocks.' Abdul brought up- this heavy and unexpected intelligence after a long and animated interview with the head man of the place. ' What was to bu done '? ' we demanded in a breath. ' Stop here all night ; going on to-morrow.' ' Stop where ? ' we almost screamed. ' Over there,' rejoined Abdul, pointing to a grove of trees at some little distance. ' There is a travellers' bungalow ; Chauda is twelve miles off.' A travellers' bungalow! Sure enough there was a building of some kind beyond the bam boos, and we lost no time in getting into the tonga and having ourselves driven in that direction. As we paased the village street, many came out and stared, and one old woman shook her hand in a warning manner, and called out something in a shrill, cracked voice. An avenue of feathery bamboos led to our destination, which proved to be the usual travellers' bungalow, with white walls, red roof and roomy verandah : but when we came closer, we discovered that the drive was as grass grown as a field ; jungle grew up to the hack of the house, heavy wooden shutters closed all the windows, and the door was locked. There wiis a forlorn, desolate, dismnl appearance about the place : it looked as if it had not been visited for years, fn answer to our shouts and calls no one appeared, but as we were fully re solved to spend the night there, we had the tonga unloaded and our effects placed in the verandah, the bullocks untackled and turned out among the long, rank grass. At length an old man in dirty, ragged clothes and with a vilianous expression of countenance appeared from some back cook-house, and seemed any thing but pleased to see us. When Abdul told him of our intention of occupying the house, he would not hear of it. ' The bungalow was out of repair ; it had not been opened for years : it was Full of rats : it was unhealthy: plenty fever coming. We must go on to Chauda.' Naturally, we declined his hospitable sug gestion. ' Was he tbe khansamah — caretaker — of the place ?' we inquired. ' Vees,' he admitted with a grunt. 'Drawing government pay, and refusing to open a government travellers' bungalow !' screamed Julia. ' Let us have no more of this nonsense ; open the house at once and get it ready for us or I shall report you to the com missioner sahib.' The khnnsamali gave her an evil look, said ' Missus please,' shrugged his shoulders and hobbled away, as we hoped, to get the key, but after waiting ten minutes, we sent Abdul to search for him, and found that he had departed — his lair was empty. There was nothing for it but to break the padlock on the door, which Abdul effectad with a stone, and as soon as the door moved slowly back on its hinges; Julia and I hurried in. What a dark, damp place ? What a smell of earth, and what numbers of bats : they flew right in our faces as we stood in the doorway, and tried to make out ihe interior. AIhIiiI jtud the bullock-man quickly removed the shutters and let in the light, and then we be held the usual dak sitting-room — a table, chairs and two charpoys (native beds), and an old pair of candlesticks : the table and chairs were covered with mould : cobwebs hung from the ceiling in dreadful festoons, and the walls were streaked with dreary green stains. I could not restrain au involuntary shudder as I looked about me rather blankly. ' I should think this was au unhealthy place ! ' I remarked to Julia ; ' it looks feverish — and see — the jungle conies right up to the back verandah — fever plants, caster oil plants, young bamboos — all growing up to the very walls.' ' ft will do very well for to-night,' she re turned. 'Come out and walk' down the road while Abdul and the bullock-man clean out the rooms and get dinner. Abdul is a wonderful man, and we won't know the place in an hour's time ; it's just the same as any other travellers' bungalow, only it has been neglected for years. I shall certainly report (hat old wretch. The idea of a dak bungalow caretaker refusing admittance and running away with the key ! What is the name of this place .'' she asked, taking out her pocket-book : ' did you hear '.'' ' Yes : I believe it is called Dakor.' ' Ah, well ! I shall not forget to tell Frank about the way you were treated at Dakor bungalow.' III. The red, red sun had set at last — gone down, as it were, abruptly behind the flat horizon. The air began to feel chilly, and the owl and the jackal were beginning to make themselves heard, so we sauntered back to the bungalow, and formed it indeed transformed ; swept and garnished and clean. The table was neatly laid for dinner, and one of our own fine hurricane lamps blazed upon it ; our buds bad been made up with our rugs and blankets, one at cither end of the room ; liot water and towels were prepared in * bath-room, and we saw a roaring fire in the cock-house in the jungle. Dinner, consisting of sudden-death fowl, curry, and bread and pate de foie gras, was toourunjaded palates, an excellent meal. Our spirits rose to normal, the result of food and light, and we declared to one another that this old bungalow was a capital find, and that it was really both comfortable and cheerful, despite a slight ar riere pensee of earth in the atmosphere. Before going to bed we explored the next room, a smaller one than that we occupied, and empty, save for a rickety camp table, which held some dilapidated crockery and a press. Ned you ask if we opened this press '.' The press smell strongly of mushrooms, and con tained ii man's topee, inch-deep with mould, a a. tiffin basket and the bungalow visitor's book. We carried this away with us to read at leisure, for the visitors' book in dak bun galows occasionally contains some rather amusing observations. There was nothing funny in this musty old volume ! Merely a statement of who came, and how long they stayed, and what they paid, with a few remarks, uot by any means complimentary, (o the khan samah : ?' A dirty, lazy rascal,' said one ; ' a murderous-looking ruffian,' said another ; ' an insolent, drunken hound,' said a third — the last entry was dated seven years previously. ' Let us write our names,' said Julia, taking out her pencil; 'Mrs. Goodcliild and Mrs. Loyd, December 23. Bungalow deserted, and very dirty khansamah. What shall we say 1 ' she asked, glancing at me interrogatively. ' Why, there he is ! I returned, with a little jump, and there he was sure enough, gazing in through the window. It was the face of some malicious animal, more than the face of a man, that glowered out beneath his filthy red turban. His eyes glared and rolled as if they would leave their sockets, his teeth were fangs, like dogs' teeth, and stood out almost perpen dicularly from his hideous mouth ; he surveyed us for a few seconds in savage silence, and then melted away into the surroudding darkness as suddenly as he appeared. ' He* reminds me of the Cheshire cat in 'Alice in Wonderland,'' said Julia with would-be facetiousness. but I noticed that she looked rather pale. ' Let us have the shutters up at once,' I replied, ' and have them well barred and the doors bolted. That man looked as if he could cut our throats.' In a very short time the house was made fast. Abdul and the bullock-man spread their mats in the front veranda, and Julia and I retired for the night. Before going to bed we had a controversy about the lamp. I wished to keep it burning all night (I am a coward at heart'), but Julia would not hear of this — im- possible for her to sleep with a light in the room — mid in the end I was compelled to be content with the candle and matches on a chair beside me. 1 fell asleep very soon. I 'fancy I must have slept long and soundly, when I was awoke by a bright light shining in my eves. So, after the ridiculous fuss she had made, Julia had lit the candle after all ! This was my first thought, but when I was fully awake I found I was mistaken or dream ing* No, I was not dreaming, for I pinched my arm and rubbed my eyes. . There was a man in the room, apparently another traveller, who appeared to be totally unaware of our vicinity, and to have made 'himself completely at home. A gun- case, a tiffin basket, a bundle of pillows and rugs — the usual Indian traveller's belongings — lay carelessly scattered about on the chairs and the floor. I leant up on my elbow and gazed at the intruder in profound amazement. He did not notice me, no more than if I had no existence — true, my cbnrpoy was in a corner of the room and rather in the shade, so was Julia's. Julia was sound asleep and (low be it spoken) snoring. The stranger was writing a letter at the table facing me. Both candles were drawn up close to him, and threw a searching light upon his features. He was young and good-looking, but very, very pale — possibly he had just re covered from some long illness. I could not see his eyes, they were bent upon the paper before him ; his hands, I noticed, were well-shaped, while, and very thin. He wore a signet ring on the third finger of the left hand, and was dressed with a care and finish not often met with in the jungle. He wore some kind of light Norfolk jacket and a blue bird's eye tie. In front of him stood an open dispatch-box, very shabby and battered, and I could see that the upper tray contained a stout roundabout bag, presumably full of rupees, a thick roll of notes and a gold watch. When 1 bad deliberately taken in every item, the unutterable calmness of this stranger, thus establishing himself in our room, came home to me most forcibly, and clearing my throat, I coughed — a clear decided cough of expostula tion to draw his attention to the enormity of the situation. It had no effect — he must l-e stone deaf! He went on writing as indefati gably as ever. What he was writing was evidently a pleasant theme, possibly a love letter for he smiled as he scribbled. All at once, I observed that the door was ajar — two faces were peering in, a strange servant in a yellow turban, with cruel, greedy eyes, and the khausamah, their gaze was rivettcd on the open dispatch box, the money, the roll of notes and the. watch. Presently the travellers servant stole up behind his master noiselessly, and seemed to hold his breath, he drew a long knife from his sleeve. At this moment the stranger raised his eyes and looked at me. Oh, what a sad, strange look ! a look of appeal. The next instant I saw the flash of the knife — it was buried in his back ; he fell forward over his letter with a crash and a groan, and all was darkness. I tried to scream, but J could not. My tongue seemed paralysed ; 1 covered my head up in the clothes, and, oh, how my heart beat ! thump, thump, thump — surely they must hear it, and discover me. Half-suffocated, at length I ventured to peer out for. a second time. All was still, black darkness — there was nothing to bo seen, but much to be heard — the dragging of a heavy body, a dead body, across the room : then, after an appreciable pause, the sounds of digging outside the bungalow. Finnally, the splashing of water, some one washing the floor. When I awoke the next morning, or came to myself — for I believe I had fainted — daylight was demanding admittance at every crevice in the shutters ; night, its dark hours and its horrors, was past. The torture, the agony of fear, that bad held me captive, now released me, and, worn out, 1 fell fast asleep. It was actually !- o'clock when I opened my eyes. Julia was standing over- me and shaking me vigorously, ami saying, ' Nellie, Nellie, wake ; I've been up and out this two hours ; I've seen the head man of the village.' 4i Have you .'' 1 assented sleepily. ' Yes, and he says there are no bullocks to be bad until to-morrow ; we must puss another night here.' ' Never !' I almost shrieked. ' Never ! Oh, Julia, I've had such a night. I've seen a murder!' And straightway I ceimuenccd, and told her of my awful experiences. 'That klmiisuumli murdered, him. He U buried jitst outsided the front step,'! concluded tearfully. ' Sooner than stay here another night, I'll walk to Chanda.' ' Ghosts ! murders ! walk to Chiiudu !' she echoed scornfnlly. ' Why, yon silly girl, did I not sleep here in this very room, and sleep as sound as a top ? It was all the pate do foie gras. You know it never agrees with yon.' ' I know nothing about pate de foie gras,' T answered angrily ; ' but 1 know what I saw. Sooner than sleep another night in this room, I'd die. I might as well — for such another night would kill me!' ;-' Bath, breakfast and Julia brought incrontfd to a certain extent. I thought better of tear ing off to Chanda alone and on foot, especially as we beard (per coolie) that our respective husbands would he with us next morning — Christmas Day. We spent the day cooking, exploring the country, and writing for the English mail. As night fell, I became more and more nervous, and less amenable to Julia and Julia's jokes. I would sleep in the veran dah ; either there, or in the compound. In the bungalow again — never. An old witch of a native woman, who was helping Abdul to cook, agreed to place her mat in the same | locality as my mattress, and Julia Goodcliild valiantly occupied the big room within, alone. In the middle of the night I and my protector were awoke by the most piercing, frightful shrieks* We lit a candle and ran into the bun galow, 'and found Julia lying on the floor in a dead faint. She did not come round for more than an hour, and wl.e.i she opened her eyes, she gazed about her with a shudder, and dis played symptoms of going oil' again, so 1 instantly hunted up our flask and administered some raw brandy, and presently she found her tongue and attacked the old native woman quite viciously. ' Tell me the truth about this place ! she said fiercely. ' What is here in this room ?' ' Devils,' was the prompt laconic answer. 'Nonsense. Murder has been done here. Tell the truth.' ' How I knowing ? ' she whined. ' I only poor native woman.' ' An English sahib was murdered here seven years ago ; stabbed and dragged out, and buried under the steps.' ' Ah, bah ! ah, bah ! How I telling ? this is not my country,' she wailed most piteously. ' Tell all you know,' persisted Julia. ' You do know ! My husband is coining to- day ; he is a police officer. You had better tell me than him.' After much whimpering and hand-wringing, we extracted the following information in jerks and quavers : — The bungalow had a bad name, no one ever entered it, and in spite of the wooden shutters there were lights in the windows every night up to 12 o'clock. One day (so the villagers said), many years ago, a young sahib came to this bungalow and stayed three days. HeAvas alone. He was in the forest department. The last evening he sent his officers and servants on to Chauda, and said he would follow in the morning, after having some shooting, ho and his ' Boy ;' but, though his people waited two weeks, he never appeared — Avas never seen again. The klmnsnmah declared that he and his servant had left in the early morning, but no one met them. The khansamah became very suddenly rich : said he had found a treasure, also he sold a fine gold Avatch in Jubbulpore, and took to drink. He had a bad name, and the bungalow had a bad name. No one would stay there more than one night, and no one had stayed there for many years till we came. The khansamah lived in the cook-house : he Avas always drunk. People said there were devils in the house, and no one Avould go near it after sundown. This Avas all she kucAV. ' Poor fulloAv, ho was so good-looking,' sighed Julia when avo avci'o alone. ' Poor fellow, and he AA-as murdered and buried here. ' So I told you,' I replied, ' and you would not belieA'c me, but insisted on staying to see for yourself.' ' I Avish I had not — oh, I wish I had not ! I shall never, nuA-cr forget last night as long as Hive.' ' That must have been his topee and tiflin basket that avo saAV in the press,' I exclaimed. ' As soon as your husband comes, avc will tell him everything, and set him on the track of the murderers.' Breakfast on Christmas morning Avas a very doleful meal ; our nerves Avere completely shat tered by our recent experiences, and avc could only rouse ourselves up to offer a very melan choly sort of Avclcome to our own husbands, when they cantered briskly into the compound. In reply to their eager quest ions as to (because of our lugubrious appearance, pale faces and general air of mourning, we favored them with a vivid description of our two nights, in the bungalow. Of course they Avere loudly, rudely incredulous, and of course, we wore very angry; vainly avc re-stated our casc^ and displayed the the old toppee and tiffin basket ; they merely laughed still more heartily mil talked of 'night- mare,' and gave themselves such airs of offen sive superiority that Julia's soul flew to arms. ' Look here,' she cried passionately, ' I laughed at Nellie as you laugh at us. We will go out of this compound, whilst you two people dig, or get people to dig, below the front verandah and in front of the steps, and if you don't find the skeleton of a 'murdered man, then you may laugh at us for ever.' ^ With Julia impulse meant action, and before I could say the words I was out of the com pound, with my arm wedged under hers ; we went and sat on a little stone bridge, within a stone's throw of tbe bungalow, glum and silent enough. What a Christinas Day ! Half an hour's delay Avas as much as Julia's patience could brook. We then retraced our sfeps, and discovered what soeined to be the whole village in the dak bungalow compound. Frank came hurrying toward us, Avaving us frantically away. No need for questions ; his face was enough. They had found it. Frank Goodcliild had known him — he was in his own department, a promising and most popular young fellow ; his name was Gordon Forbes ; he had been missed but never, traced, and there was a report that he had been gored and killed in the jungle by a wild buffalo. In the same grim1 was found the battered dispatch box, by which the skeleton Avas identified. Mr. Goodcliild and my husband reinterred the body under a tree, and read the burial service over it, Nellie and I and all the village patriarchs at tending as mourners. The khausamah was eagerly searched for — alas ! in vain. He dis appeared from that part of the country, and was said to have been devoured by a tiger in the Jhanso jungles; but this is too good to be true. We left the hateful bungalow with all speed that afternoon, and spent the remainder of the Christmas Day at Chanda ; it was the least merry Christmas avc ever remembered. The Goodchilds and our selves have subscribed and placed a granite cross, with his name and the date of his death, over Gordon Forbos's lonely grave, and the news of the discovery of the skeleton Avas duly forwarded to the proper authorities, and also to the unfortunate young man's relations, and to these were sent the dispatch box, letters nutl ring.— /--Hid-m Swietg. 