GREAT BRITAIN. A very interesting portion of a Roman wall oi aqueduct is now visible at 18 St. Switbin a lane, London, where some excavations are being car ried out. Mr. Augustus Horns, on behalf of the Carl Row Opera Company, has just taken an im portant step, by securing tho solo right of representing Wagner's operas in England. At Blackburn on the 6th Nov., a magnificent lunar rainbow was witnessed. The concentric bands of color were marvellously defined, tho tints being as vivid as anything witnessed in a solar rainbow. Largo numbers of persons con gregated in tho vbocta and watched the deve- lopment of tho interesting and nnnsuol Pheno menon. Tho moonlight was so brilliant that several games of football wore played in tho suburbs without artificial illumination. Tho natives of Delhi aro about to start a native newspaper, and the ratber significant announcement is made that all the particulars of the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 will be published m detail. ""V , The Rajah of Mandasa was possessed with the Idea that ho would die at the age of 60. His grandfather and father both died at that age. The Rajah died on the 2nd October, on his 60th birthday. . . . . As illustrating the extent to which theatrical engagements, are " booked ahead," it is stated that tho manager of one of the Birmingham theatres has just arranged for three visits of Dorothy, the last being in the autumn of 1891. . LadyBrookchas been creating a sensation in the Kssex hunting field by appearing in a 44 jvnk " habit. She is beautifully mounted, and rUes very straight, and her appearance is always hailed with delight among the Essex people, who are devoted to her. Lord Falmouth is succeeded in his great Cornish estates, which cover somo 26,000 acres, and bring in £36,000 a year, by his eldest eon, Colonel Boscawen. Moreworth Castle, __ near Maidstone, where Lord Falmouth died, with an estate of some £5000 a year, came to him by his marriage. The Marquis of Lome has resolved to import some Canadian buffaloes, not merely to preserve specimens of a race of animals that are rapidly dying out in their native land, but to mingle with his Scotch cattle, which, ho thinks, would bc strengthened by crossing with the American breed. Barnum is not going to rule the roost unchal lenged. The "marble man," that was recently discovered in a New South Wales quarry and exhibited in all the colonial cities at 2s. a head, is booked for London. The Australian scientific world is still divided in opinion as to whether it is a legitimate petrified mortal or an ingenious sculptured fraud. The Bishop of Colchester has told the dio cesan conference that he knew very little about betting. He had never heard of "The Cam bridgeshire" but once before, and that was at Liverpool-street station, when a little urchin said to him, "Hullo, guv'nor, are you going to ride in the Cambridgeshire.'" That was, he believed, a little good uaturcd satire upon the episcopal gaiters. Some difficulty is apprehended respecting the testing of the Fortn-bridgc by the Board ot Trade. For tho purpose the board have re quisitioned the services of no fewer than 50 engines, and as so large a number cannot be spared from the ordinary traffic of the North British Railway Company on a week day, it is expected that the crucial test will have to bc applied on a Sunday. Sir Henry James's argument on behalf of tho Times before tho Parnell Commission is not wauling in skilful argumentative thrusts, and occasional flashes of eloquence. Perhaps the best point he made was when he capped a quota tion which Sir Charles Russell had made from Romeo's address to the Apothecary to illustrate the wretched condition of the Irish tenantry, by bringing forward the succeeding linc3 — The world affords no law to make the rich, . Then be not poor, but break it, and applying them to the Land League teaching. For some weeks past the inhabitants of Ock- brook, in Derbyshire, have been alarmed by tho appcaranco nightly of a "ghost" at lonely 6pots. One night, rather late, the apparition was seen walking among tombstones in the churchyard. The head and shoulders were covered with a light blue "cloud," and, after examining several stones, tho figures stood with folded arms, and then darted among some trees. One of the inhabitants, more daring than tho rest, obtained the assistance of a policeman, and they succeeded in capturing the supposed ghost, who proved to be a young woman living in the village. She pretended to have been looking for the grave of her father, who had been dead nine yea in. Sir Sydney Watcrlow has made the publio a present of the interesting historical mansion and grounds, covering an area of 25 acres, which he has so long occupied at Highgate, and has added a present in cash of £6000 to redeem some out standing leases on a portion of the property. This is a veritable bonne louche for North Lon doners, as the grounds arc very picturesque, being finely timbered, and the house of historical .interest as one of the homes of Nell Gwynnc, and the former scat of the Earls of Lauderdale. With tho encroachments of the town it has lost much of tho seclusion which made it, no doubt, a charming retreat in the days of the Merry Monarch, but there is still a certain quiet beauty about its terraces and gardens and its grand oaks and Lebanon cedars which makes it a delightful contrast to those painfully newpublic parks which stud suburban London. At Lismore, a woman named Byrne was refused outdoor relief, the Guardians consider ing that she was not destitute. Thereupon her son committed a serious assault upon the police, for which he was sent to gaol for three months with hard labor. Tho woman, believing that this event had established her claim for outdoor relief, renewed her application and it was unani mously granted. One guardian stated that as her son had knocked down a policeman, she ought to rcceivo outdoor relief ; a second de claring that it was a projier reward for having reared "such a good 6on ; " and a third express ing the delight of tho guardians at any poiico- man being knocked down at the fair, at which, he said, the police were becoming a great nuisance. A better lesson on the significance of Irish Homo Rule, and, indeed, of Irish Local Government, could not have been read to us. The number of free public libraries in London is rapidly increasing. Including tho British Museum, there are 46 already established, and of that number 15 were opened this year. It has been said that tho truo university in these days is a collection of bonks, but it might bo added that without a knowledge of their use and abuse the educational advantage of such a university is doubtful. It is likely, however, that in the future public libraries will aim at providing not only the books but also the oppor tunities of instruction necessary for their appre ciation. This is Buggcstcd in the Charity Commissioners' schemes for the establishment of two libraries in tho city, and if all such institutions had lecture and class rooms, it would very materially add to their value. In com parison with provincial towns, London is in this respect far behind, and tho working men of London arc not so eager to avail themselves oven of the opportunities which do exist. The redecorations of the grand corridor in tho private apartments at Windsor Castle aro now completed. They hovo cost several thousands of pounds. This corridor, which is lighted by electricity, is hung on one side with portraits of those celebrities of tho last hundred yean who are not represented in the Waterloo Gallery, including Mr. Pitt, Lord Eldou, Sir M alter Scott, Mr. Canning, Archbishops Manijers-Sutton and Markhum and Lord Thurlow, all of which were placed hero during the reign of Cieoige IV., and tho Quecu has added an excellent portrait of Lord lieaconsfield, by Angeli. There are also some sujierb Ganolettis, and a large collection of pictures representing tho principal family events of tho piesent reigu, most of which ore woeful daube. The couidor contains numerous cabinets of great value, somo of which aro filled with practically priceless china. 