that peace' morning Sacraux SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1890. The Australian cricketers in England have commenced a match against the Surrey Eleven. The home team in their first innings scored SOO. The Australians have made 180 runs for five wickets, A gooD deal of excitement has been caused in Birmingham by the report that Mr. David Christie Murray has disappeared from San Francisco. The police of the city are said to be prosecuting a search for him. It was resolved at the annual meeting of the Imperial Federation League that, considering Australia as absorbed in the scheme of colonial federation, the present time was inopportune for asking the Government to convene an Imperial Conference, After a protracted sitting of nine days, the jury which inquired into the circumstances attending the death of Bernard M'Fadden, who was killed by the railway accident at Farley, on the Northern line, returned a verdict at a late hour last night, They found that the collision was caused by our cable neglect of duty on the port of Driver Farnham and Fireman Buchanan, and the Coroner intimated that warrants would be issued for their arrest. Tub appointment of a commission of experts to settle the question of the Alaska fisheries will, the Daily Telegraph states, be agreed to by England, the United States, and possibly Bassee, A CONGRESS at Brussels has unanimously declared in favour of the eight-hour principle. Otra Melbourne correspondent states that Mr. Munro's attempt to defeat the Victorian Government is not likely to be sufficiently strong to have any serious Hoot. The Government Whip expects a majority of at lease 12. The statement that he contemplates the surrender to Germany of an extensive area of country surrounding Lake Ngami, in South Africa, is denied by the Marquis of Salisbury. It was stated in the report of the heads of the department, presented at the Intercolonial Postal Conference at Adelaide yesterday, that, assuming that the accelerated service be discontinued, and the passage to the United Kingdom be reduced to 2d per half-ounce via Italy, the loss to the Australian colonies, on the basis of the present returns, would be reduced to the extent of about £7000, A motion, adopting the suggestion made in the report, was moved by Mr. O'Connor (N S. W. ), seconded by Mr. Derham (Vic.), and agreed to. The President pointed out that during 1880 South Australian letters via Brindisi numbered 110,610, as against 83,511 by the all-sea route. Victorian letters, via Brindisi for the same year numbered 079,708, as against 07,561 by the all sea route, and the numbers for New South Wales were respectively £20,781 and 10,554. At the meeting of the City Railway Commission yesterday Mr. Maxted Bury, O.F., read a paper on " City Railway Extension." His proposals consisted in the construction of a city railway from Redfern station, across Belmore Park, and along the east side of Castlereagh-street, either by open cutting or viaduct, with a terminal station fronting King-street and Hyde Park. A fine: audience attended at the Girl's High School last night on the occasion of the second technical lecture on " Wattles and Wattle Bark," delivered by Mr. J. H. Maiden, curator of the Technological Museum. The adjourned meeting of the City improvement Board was held yesterday, when the condition of a large number of city buildings was considered. Some were condemned, and it was ordered that they be taken down and others were to be secured, A gas explosion took place at a house in George street, Redfern, last night Some of the walls were damaged, the windows were smashed, and some doors were blown down. A woman and her daughter were slightly burned. Sin Iliwnv Passaris is progressing as favourably as can be expected, He attends to a great deal of office work at his private residence, and yesterday held a Cabinet meeting there. The! Minister for Mines yesterday accepted the tender of Mr. Norman Soholbooh, to the amount of iMSOO, for the construction of a weir across the Lachlan at the Willandra billabong. The weir will cause the billabong to carry water for some ITS miles in a direct line from the river, and in addition the surrounding country may be fed by branch canals yet to be surveyed. The Parramatta Agricultural Show opened yesterday. The entries numbered about 1500. The best portions of the exhibition were the fruit and the agricultural machinery sections. A LsJioE number of people are coming back to Bourke. The inhabitants generally find that their furniture and belongings have been greatly damaged by the flood water. The Mayor, on behalf of the council, is arranging for a loan of 2500. from the Treasury. Omt correspondent at Louth states that the loss of stock down the Darling will not be as heavy as was at first anticipated, as a great deal appears to have been moved away. The river has fallen 3ft, and residents are beginning to return to the town. To-day; will be observed as a bank holiday. The insurance companies' offices will also be closed. The Custom-house and Sydney Exchange will not re-open until Tuesday. Although there is considerable dissatisfaction, most of the merchants' offices and warehouses will be closed to-day as well as Monday. WaRN the appeal of the Queen v. Taylor was called on yesterday morning Mr. O'Connor, who appeared for the prisoner, E. It Taylor, stated that, having considered the matter and looked up the authorities) since the trial, he had come to the conclusion that he could not argue the points, and he therefore abandoned the appeal. The conviction therefore stands. A visit to the manual labour workshops which have been established at the Fort-street School was paid yesterday by Mr. Carruthers. There are now some SO teachers under training. The tanners' dispute at Adelaide has been adjusted by the board of arbitration. It is recommended that in future, in case of alteration of agreement, three months' notice should be given by either side. Unit tea trade is quiet, and beyond some small lots of Indian there is no business of consequence Bonded stocks show a reduction of about -2000ft. during the past week. The Customs revenue received yesterday was £5170. Tick cadets at Fort-street School were inspected yesterday by the Minister for Public Instruction. There were six companies present, numbering 250 boys. The boys afterwards marched into the city, preceded by their band. In the import markets yesterday business was extremely quiet, and distributors report the demand for both town and country to be about as black as it well can be. The tendency all round is towards a diminution of stock. THE Wagga police have so far discovered nothing in connection with their search for the missing man, Jacob Rick, who it is believed was murdered by Smidt Another man who has not been heard of for some time is also believed to have been killed. I.NPLUK.W.A is prevalent in the Illawarra district, One doctor has had 70 cases under his charge. A scnKMP. has been laid before the City Council for destroying the street sweepings by a crematory process. The city surveyor has received instructions to report upon this and other methods of dealing with rubbish. On the motion of Mr. O'Connor, it was agreed that in any future mail contract across the Pacific Ocean, it be left to the colony of New Zealand to arrange for the other colonies paying similar poundage rates to New Zealand as t is so paid by the non contracting colonies to the contracting colonies for the mail service via Suez, each despatching country or colony paying all charges to destination. Fire Chief Inspector of Fisheries, who has returned from an inspection of the lakes in the South Coast district, reports that trials made have shown that the Wolumba La he will be an excellent fishing resort, where large edible fish can be caught in great numbers without interfering with the lake as a breeding nursery. It is proposed to supply the emigrants by the Dacca with fresh outfits by public subscription. A comMiTTED has been appointed in England to examine the affairs of the New Zealand Antimony Company. It is suggested by the Times that territory in Central South Africa should be neutralised. * -_--__-;----_____--: Before the Btrttuto which established our present system of local government, and from which so much was expected, had been in operation five years, it was pretty generally admitted that the voluntary form of incorporation was a failure. The latest form of that system has now been in existence for some twenty-three years, with the result that in no other colony of the Australasian group possessing- responsible institutions is municipal government so poorly developed as in New South Wales. Compared with the municipal methods of every other independent colony in the group, ours have, for nearly fifteen years, been regarded by intelligent judges who had no pocket interest in the perpetuation of the spoon-feeding regime as both antiquated and important Outside the congested metropolitan district, and a few populous areas like that at the mouth of the River Hunter, it is a melancholy fact that the instinct of self-government in municipal affairs which is supposed to characterise the Anglo-Saxon race has been paralysed or subdued by various potent influences, partly political, but principally selfish. The voluntary system of incorporation has brought about l-130th of the entire area of the colony under municipal government as boroughs or municipal districts. It has, out of our entire population of 1,100,000 (in round numbers), about 670,000 living within incorporated areas ; but those figures in clude Sydney, and, of course, its suburbs. For most of the colony, indeed for 308 000 square miles of area out of 310,700, the real alderman has long been and still is the member for the district, one or more. It has been and still is he whose influence-or that of his vote in critical times dispenses the Treasury grant for works that in almost every other civilised community would be paid for out of the pockets of the resident householders. This is why so many members of Parliament, to retain their seats, are compelled to lay regular siege to the consolidated revenue, and to attach themselves body and soul to the Government for the time being. They are always protesting that they are humiliated by this condition of things; are always asking some strong Government to pass a Local Government Bill which will relieve them and their constituents from the humiliation and not seldom do we find them announcing from the house- tops that the most burning of oil burning questions is a Local Government Bill. Meanwhile each Administration, if we may judge by its acts rather than by its Governor's Speeches, seems to find no difficulty in gauging the depth and earnestness of all these protestations. Voluminous bills are prepared, introduced, explained, commented on by the press, solemnly discussed by municipal conferences, and then dropped, to be introduced in a revised form next session and the session following it, until people cease to derive any amusement from a political joke that is so often repeated, and even forget to smile when the all-too-familiar Local Government Bill is once more dished up in a vice-regal speech with as much seriousness as if there were any real inten tion of pressing it to a second reading. Indeed, the " Ordnance Transfer " Bill which we use as a formula at the commencement of each session to assert the right to legislate has had as much chance of reaching its second reading as any Local Government Bill that has soon the light during the last ten years. To those who believe that the highest achievement of statesmanship is to leave trouble- some things as you find them, the present position of municipal institutions in this colony must be particularly gratifying ; but this faculty of abstinence has its limits, and the country whatever the country members may think-has had more than enough of it at the hands of the various Administra- tions who have been so long trifling with a great question. As Tallhyhjlnd says : " C'est un terrible advantage de Revoir rien Jail, mais il ne faut pas en abuses." The disestablishment of the road-and bridge member of Parliament is, of course, a serious question for his class, and it is also a serious question for any Government which seriously proposes that disestablishment. It may mean votes lost in a serious crisis, for it is not in human nature at all events not in political human nature for an influential class of representatives to acquiesce in any movement which aims at extinguishing or superseding their peculiar functions. And, conversely, it is not to be expected of Administrations that they will be very earnest in carrying any measure which must mean for them the severance of that political bond on which they could always rely in a crisis. Our neighbours have been able to anticipate the troubles we have indicated by early action. We have allowed these troubles to acquire an ever-increasing volume and importance ; so much so, indeed, that at this present moment very few observers of the political game believe that any Administration will voluntarily stake its existence on a Local Government Bill, and especially one which proposes the compulsory incorporation of the entire colony. The division of this colony into con voniently-shapod areas or units should have an interest for the whole community in addition to that which concerns municipal government. A mop New South Wales marked so as to show electoral, police, county, land board, pastoral, registration, educational, postal, stock, and other merely conventional boundary lines, would surprise us not a little by its almost entire absence of system. Both the central and the local administration of affairs is made infinitely more costly and confused by the necessity of dealing with about a dozen sets of districts, hardly one of which has been dollied upon any intelligible plan. Any Local Government Bill with the slightest pretension to scientific method should have as one of its most important features a sensible proposal for the creation of man put areas which should serve as units of administration for all purposes. From them the electoral, police, registration, and other districts should be constructed by the simple process of grouping. In subsequent articles we hope to discuss, among other matters dealt with by the last edition of the Local Government Bill now before the Assembly, how far that measure aims at and may be expected to compass this most necessary reform. The promised Parliamentary registration of voters points to the necessity of the re- construction hero advocated, for the registration districts- ought to be either municipal areas or a combination of them, and the flame may be said of taxation districts, whether for the purpose of levying a tax on land or on incomes. In short, the proper redistribution of the colony into suitable areas, having regard to physical features, population, means of communication by land or water, and other characteristics, ought to be one of the first, if not the first consideration in the framing of a new municipal government statute. Most of the letters against divorce which have appeared in our columns proceed on the assumption that the opinion of the writers is identical with the mind of God. It is claimed that their interpretation of Scripture on this-matter has Divine authority, and their contention is that all who differ from them herein must be wrong. But this question, like every other, has two sides, and there are those who demur to this autocratic mode of settling it. By these it is maintained that this is a matter that is essentially dependent on the result of criticism, and that the verdict on the issue submitted must be determined by the consensus of public opinion. To the demand thus made and to the decision so arrived at no legitimate exception can be taken, because the view of the majority must in all matters ultimately become regulative, while dissent the part of those still remaining uncon- vinced is always admissible No more apt representative of the auto- cratic cast of mind than Mr. HE.ydon could readily be met with, There is an acknowledged complacency in his way of affirming what he believes, but under- lying this there is the assumption that his view is the only correct one. This position he attempts to fortify by alleging that his view, on the subject of divorce, is identical with that of his Church ; but this instead of strengthening tends to weaken it, because the implied contention that his Church's view is the only right one is also assumed, and one assump- tion backed by another is certainly not thereby rendered more impregnable. The fact of his Church's opinion on this subject being the same as his own may be a good reason for his adhering to it, may even account for his holding it at all, but it proves nothing. No one will quarrel with him or find fault with his Church for maintaining that divorce can proceed only upon one ground ; but what exception is taken to is the arbitrary assertion that this view is the only one having the warranty of Scripture-that all who venture, on the strength of historical criticism, to give the language of Scripture a more comprehensive interpretation are in conflict with the Bible, or are making a convenience of it for opposing the Divine law and the encouraging of immorality. These are but allegations at the boat, and very unworthy allegations at that. It may be allowed to all who agree with Mr. Heydon on this subject that they are entitled, if they choose, to believe their opinion to be the only correct one, and to regulate their conduct accordingly ; but it cannot be permitted them to put forward that belief as a conclusive argument, or, indeed, as any argument at all, against the opinion deliberately formed and firmly held by others, or to regard the difference between them as justifying the sweeping con- demnation of opponents. That difference ought rather to remind them that, with all their confidence it is possible for them to be mistaken, and that they are called upon at the least to consider whether any way of obviating it may be discover- able. That, at all events, is what men of unbiassed mind and conciliatory disposition aim at in connection with all debatable questions, especially, those pertaining to a social and moral theology. and no better instance of this fair and considerate spirit could be furnished than the letter of Dr Garran in our issue of the 21st instant] His exposition of the meaning and scope of Christ's teaching on the matter of divorce is irrefragable, and no sophistry or contention for the ma. ipsissima terms will avail to break the chain of his reasoning. But, withal, it is the spirit in which the position taken is claimed as tenable that will most commend itself to all reasonable men. Nothing is assumed, everything is established by the recognised canons of interpretation is that the value of the outcome consists in this that, without denouncing any different opinion, it is shown that the teaching of, Christ was not intended to give permanent form to the law of divorce, but rather to establish an abiding principle capable of adaptation by States and Churches, at the growth of society, its increasing necessities, and the changes effected by time might call for, That is a position which may re. concede all diversities of opinion on this question, and it is the only one by which such reconciliation is possible. Nothing illustrates this so strikingly as the fact that, while the equality of the sexes in respect of divorce (so far as that never goes) is in accord with the principle > of Christ's teaching, the application of that principle to this aspect of the question was not insisted on by Christ Himself, for the simple reason that the people of that day could not bear it j or, in other words, that society was at enlightened enough to tolerate the discussion of that view of the subject. This shows conclusively that the teaching of Christ on this, as on other matters, was meant to be subject to the law of development, and that, as Dr. Garran puts it, the spirit and not the mere letter of His law is the only true guide of nations and of Churches for all time. It is deserving of notice that this spin', of autocratic assumption which influences certain classes of men is also apt to manifest itself in organised bodies, and specially in the Churches, Fixity instead of progress is the hereditary feature in the Churches' history, and their very articles of association as embodied in goods or accepted by general consent have the effect of rendering them oblivious of the fact that, in the religious as in every other department of truth, the law of expansion is meant to operate. More particularly is the dictatorial spirit displayed their enforcement of those ideas, doctrines, or practices which differentiate them severally. The mistake made by them is that of arrogating pre-eminent, if not exclusive, scriptural validity for their distinctive features, and ignoring the fact that the issues involved are wholly dependent upon critical interpretation, and that diversity in this interpretation is indisputable evidence that all such matters were meant to be subject to such adaptations as the idiosyncrasies of men, the peculiarities of race and the characteristics of successive ages might render expedient. Within certain limits all of the Churches may be right in their distinctive contentions, but none of them has the right to dogmatically affirm that all the others are wrong. And this, moreover, defines the limits within which the Churches may severally assert their convictions on any question of public interest, and also regulate their conduct in connection therewith. It is open to the Church of England, for example, to declare that divorce, save on the one ground of unfaithfulness, is contrary to her law, and to instruct her clergy and laity to conform to. that declaration. That, however does not entitle her to say of those who hold that divorce is justifiable on more grounds than one are thereby placing themselves in antagonism to the law of God. For this were to assume that the law of that Church is the law of God, ' But the question demanding solution is not what is the law of the Church of England, or of any other Church, or of all the Churches together, but simply therewith is the law of God respecting this matter And undeniably this question is purely one of interpretation, and exhaustive criticism may show the law of the Churches and the law of God to be at variance, in so far that the former may be an inadequate and misleading representation of the latter. It is thus possible that those whom the Churches denounce may after all be found more in accord with God's law than the Churches themselves are. This is all that fair and thoughtful men, unfettered by tradition or authority or that assumed confidence which impedes intellectual expansion, contend for and they contend for it calmly, patiently, and with due respect to the ideas of others, assured that what they thus reasonably desire must is the end be conceded. The deputation that waited on the Minister for Mines and Agriculture yesterday day, to draw attention to the unsystematic branding of cattle, touched upon a subject which has already drawn forth more than once an expression of opinion from the principal hide merchants. The detriment to the hides, and the consequent lore occasioned by the want of system in vogue, is apparent at once, and when such loss is preventable there is no reason why departmental action should not speedily be taken in the matter, especially when it is more a matter of legislating for general advantage. Some twelve months ago the Victorian inspector of brands issued an indignant protest through the columns of the agricultural bulletin of that colony, and plainly pointed out the loss entailed by such a wasteful want of system. In Queensland an Act regulating the size of the brand used, and apportioning the different; parts of the beast on which the brands are to be consecutively impressed, has been in force for nearly twenty years, and although meeting with some slight opposition at first, has been found to work well. The age of a calf when it receives the brand has a good deal to do with the size of the brand in after life, as the brand grows with the animal. A calf branded at a very early age has a correspondingly large brand when arrived at maturity j but at first sight it appears rather difficult to legislate on this point, as the period of a calf's branding naturally agrees with the nearest mustering time after its birth, which may be sooner or later. This point, however, could doubtless be over come without much trouble. A more difficult problem is the most convenient portion of the body on which to brand the beast The shoulder, which commends itself meets the winner, is, for several reasons, the most objectionable to the breeder. "Wiles a number of cattle are close together in a mob the shoulder, with the brand on it, is hard to be seen, and, from the predominance of muscles in that part, the brand is more likely to blotch, there than anywhere else. When, however, it is taken into consideration that the breeder will Rain equally with, the farmer in the increased value of his hides, it may rationally be supposed that he will not object to a few minor sacrifices to gain the most desirable object of a higher price, After all, too, the stockman on run more readily recognises a beast by the distinguishing ear-mark than by the brand, especially when in a mob, which is the condition under which the brand would be least distinguishable, All those small differences could be adjusted if the matter were seriously approached and when a very large yearly loss to the colony is the result of our present want of method, it is apparent that some sort of regulation should be shortly introduced, even if some of the parties interested appear careless of their own interests. In the (rotwiir/uwi Gazette of yesterday there appeared a notice under the signature of the Premier, as head of the Forests Branch, concerning the sandalwood tree in fifteen counties of what may be described as the Middle Darling district. From several points of view this official notice is interesting. It indicates the variety of concerns that come under the attention of a responsible Minister of the Crown in one of the colonies. We know, indeed, that this particular notification bears Sir Henry Parkes" signature probably as a mere matter of departmental routine ; nevertheless, to those accustomed to the clear lines which in order countries separate matters of local and of general administration, it may well be a subject of surprise that the head of the Government of such a territory as New South Wales should be charged with so minute an affair as how a certain shrub should be lopped, and under what conditions of climate. In quite another aspect the notice becomes very significant. We have a fodder tree of acknowledged value, and so well is its value known that the Government deems it expedient to stop in to prevent, if possible, its denudation. Is there not in this fact a confession that as regards our forest resources we have not in the past been sufficiently careful ? Our Western plains, the home of a large portion of our flocks, are periodically scourged with drought, and here on those very plains we have a tree that at once resists drought and furnishes stock with food. Instead of publishing announcements directed against the felling of this valuable tree as mere timber and against its wanton destruction, it will seem to those who consider the matter that our authorities should rather be multiplying and facilitating the spread of such a tree in eligible situations. However, it is vain to deplore the past ; a step in the right direction is at last taken, and it may be hoped that when Mr. J. B. knowN takes his place as head of the Forest Conser- vancy Branch of this colony he will be encouraged to study this important subject of the right use of our available fodder plants, both in tree, shrub, bush, and herbage. A word or two as to the tree named, as the notice may not be out of place. The sandalwood is a moderate sized tree, growing not too abundantly throughout our great Western plains. It is not a dense growing tree, resembling in this respect most of the plain trees of the West Also, like several of its associate trees, its leaves are good fodder, though from the circumstances that sheep cannot reach its twigs, and that it is necessary to lop the latter, it is only in drought seasons that scrub- cutters are set on to utilise those fodder trees. Its bark also is a great bait for rabbits, which climb the young trees to eat both the slight twigs and the succulent bark. So much is this the case, that throughout the Lower Barling, as in South Australia where possible, sandalwood sticks steeped in poisonous compounds are now used with good effect for the destruction of the vermin. Satisfactory as this results, we must remember that rabbits, grow faster than such a valuable plant as the sandalwood and if only the shrub can be used for vermin-de- struction, then we must look to it that we do not destroy one of the many admirable " bush " resources for the development of the West admirable both in their fitness for the peculiar climatic conditions under which they exist, and their value in the economy of nature. We have received the following memorandum from the Electric Telegraph Department: "Saigon notifies that communication with Bangkok has been restored." To-day and Monday being public holidays, the following arrangements will be observed in the mail branch of the General Post Office The various offices of that branch will be open from 8.30 a.m. till 10 a.m., and the morning delivery only will be effected by letter-carriers. The country mails usually dea perched in the afternoon and evening, also the coastwise, intercolonial, and foreign mails, will close it 0 a.m., with the exception of the English mails per P. and O. Company's steamer Victoria, which will close at 10 am on Monday, the 20th of May. The iron pillar receivers, and receivers at suburban post-offices, will only be cleared at the first usual hour on those days. Lady Cancers Scott held a reception at the Admiralty House yesterday afternoon, at which upwards of 800 ladies and gentlemen were pre- tent In accordance with arrangement a Cabinet meeting was held in the Premier's residence Hampton Villa, Balmain, yesterday. With the exception of the Postmaster-General all the Ministers were present Sir Henry Parkes, although experiencing fatigue from sleeplessness, entered spiritedly into the discussion of all matters brought under consideration. The subjects discussed included the progress of business in Parliament ; the case of the man Robinson, convicted at Newcastle on an indictment of having shot at his wife with murderous intent, which case has already been before the executive committee and the piloting of the District Government Bill through Parliament Regarding the last-named matter it was decided that the bull while in the Legislative Assembly shall be, on behalf of the Government, left in the hands of Mr Bruce Smith, the Minister for Pu lil re Works, and Mr. J. H. Carruthers, the Minister for Public Instruc- tion. Tnn public holidays proclaimed for to-day and Monday will be observed in the City Corporation offices and in the Water and Sewerage Department TJkti- further notice, mails for Boat Harbour, Clybucca, Deep Creek, Fommount, Maoltevillo, will close at Sydney on Tuesday and Friday, at 5.30 p.m., by the overland route. Correspondence to and from these places will also be forwarded by steamers via Port Macquarie or Kempsey, and by steamers direct as opportunities offer. Overland mails from the places in question will he due at Sydney on Monday and Wednesday mornings in time for the 8 a.m. delivery. Mu. Jossrn disarms, the Under-Secretary for Public Works, is at present incapacitated for duty owing to illness caused by cancer in the ear. Air. Barling, however, hopes to be in his office on Tuesday next The Minister for Education, Mr. Carruthers, yesterday visited the Fort-street Public school for the purpose of inspecting the Public school cadet corps and to see how the now uniforms suited the boys. The Minister was accompanied by Mr. Greene, M.L.A., and Mr. Johnston, the Under- secretary for Public Instruction. When Mr. Carruthers arrived at the school, the cadets, who were drawn up in line, saluted, and the band played. There were six companies of cadets present, numbering some 250 boys, including the band. There were three companies from Fort street and three from two other schools combined the High school and the Cleveland-street school. The officers present were Colonel Paul, commanding officer, Major Dettman, Capt Mulholland, Dr. Both, honorary surgeon, and Staff-Sergeant Smith, the instructor. The boys, who looked very neat in their uniforms, were put through a number of military movements, after which they were marched into the city, being preceded by the band. This is the first occasion the cadets have been inspected in uniform and they acquitted themselves admirably. Mr. Carruthers expressed his appreciation of the turn-out. YESTERDAY afternoon Mr. Carruthers, Minister for Education, paid a visit to the manual labour workshops which have been established at the Fort street school for the use of the teachers in training. The workshops have been open for about a month, and they are used for instructing the teachers in the use of mechanical tools of trade. There are now some 50 teachers under- going training under Mr. W. Powrie, the in Btrnotor, and Mr. Carruthers has decided that the elder boys at the Public school shall also be allowed to undergo a course of training at the workshops. Already 40 boys have been selected for this class of instruction. The workshops will accommodate TO students. The Government supplies tools to the teachers, but the scholars have to find their own. In addition to the work at the workshops being instructive, it serves as recreation for the teachers. Mr. Carruthers was well pleased with what was going on at the workshops. Sir Henry Parkes is recovering from his accident as well as can be expected, The suffers a inn siderable amount of pain and uneasiness by being enforced to remain in one position during the knitting of the fractures in his leg bones. Tail is, however, a natural sequence to the unfortunate circumstances by which he is invalided. Notwithstanding, he remains cheerful! in disposition, and daily attends to the important departmental duties pertaining to his office as Colonial Secretary, Yesterday, prior to the Cabinet meeting held at Hampton Villa, Mr. Critchett Walker, the Principal Under-Secretary, took to Balmain a despatch-box of official documents, and these were dealt with and limited by the Premier. To celebrate the anniversary of her Majesty's Birthday, Sir Henry and Lady Parkes will to-day, as they did on last Queen's Birthday, entertain the boys belonging to the nautical school ship Vernon, at Hampton Villa, Balmain. Arrangements for this celebration were made before the Premier met with the accident which now, and for the past week, has confined him to his bed; but notwithstanding his physical disability. Sir Henry decided not to cancel the arrangements made, and the Vernon boys' treat will take place in accordance with his original intention. Numerous private guests have also been invited to luncheon, and proceedings will commence shortly after 12 o'clock to-day. At a meeting of the City Railway Commission, held yesterday afternoon at the Town Hall, Mr. Max- well Bury, CE., submitted a scheme for the extension of the railway terminus into the city. Mr. Bury proposes an extension of the railway line across Belmore Park and along the east side of Castlereagh-street to a terminal station fronting King-street and Hyde Park. About 6 acres and 6 roods of land would have to be resumed, entail- ing the expenditure of £034,710. The cost of construction would amount to about £-115,247, raising the total cost to £1,319,987. A resolution was carried yesterday to the effect that all schemes of extension for the consideration of the Commission must be sent in not later than June 10. Tax bill to acquire and love tramways in the city, which the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Company has laid before Parliament, has been critically analysed by the City Council. In the consideration of the measure the aldermen have been guided by the Act in force in Melbourne, and mainly through the instrumentality of Alderman Manning important amendments have been introduced, with a view of placing the bills on all fours, and also of securing for the council increased monetary benefits. One of the most important alterations was passed by the finance committee at its last meeting. It had reference to clause 47, which lays down the manner in which the profits of the company's enterprise shall be distributed. The original clause provides that whenever the profits derived in one year exceed 10 per cent " on the actual cost of the tramways," then of such profits over and above this 10 per cent. " 20 per cent, shall be paid to the local authorities, " ka, The committee before accepting the clause materially altered the terms. The words " actual cost of the tramways " were altered to paid-up capital of the company and the amount of the profits to be received by the local authorities was increased from 20 to 50 per cent Before the bill is disposed of. Alderman Manning intends to introduce new clauses to provide for power to lay down lines on new routes; and to require the company when leaving properties for sites on which to build, to secure the option of purchase at present values, co that whether System falls into the hands of the local authorises they may obtain the whole works complete, The fourth schedule, which really is the text of the agreement which will be entered into between the company and the" city and suburban councils, and is therefore the most important portion of the bill is to be considered on Tuesday. The question of water conservation in the West is being practically determined by the water conserva- tion branch of the Mines Department, at least so far as regards a considerable area of country near the Lachlan River. Yesterday the Minister accepted the tender of Mr. Herman Soholboch, to the amount of £4500, for the construction of a weir across the Lachlan at the Willandra billabong. The advantages which will obtain from this undertaking are manifold and important. In the region mentioned the annual rainfall does not average more than 12in ; droughts are frequent, and the loss as they create are oftentimes centre ; but with the construction of this weir hundreds of miles of country will be irrigated country now and, though possessing fertile qualities. The weir has been so designed as not to divert any water into the billabong when the river is low, consequently residents in more southern districts will have no cause of complaint Before the water above the dam rises to the sea-level of the billabong a flow of about 25 cubic feet per second, or 10 million gallons per day, of water will be passing down the river; and when 12ft deep of water is flowing along the course of the Willandra the discharge of down the Lachlan will be 175 cubic feet per second, or 05 million gallons per diem. Under the last-named conditions the quantity of water drawn off from the river into the billabong will not amount to more than one-fiftieth of the whole. When there is water to the amount of 3ft. in the billabong the volume pouring down the Lachlan will be no less than 500 cubic feet per second, or nearly 800 million gallons per diem. From these calculations it must be clear that the construction of the weir will divert a scarcely appreciable portion from the main bulk of water in the Lachlan River. The object ht the proposed work is to destroy a flow into the billabong at every freshet, whereas under the present conditions the billabong remains dry until the river Sin high flood. On either side of the Willandra within three miles, and for a distance of 100 miles, there are Crown reserves amounting to 82,000 acres The weir will cause the billabong to carry water for some 175 miles in a direct line from the river; and in addition the surrounding country may be fed by branch canals yet to be surveyed. The work contemplated by the department is of the highest importance, and it will secure benefits for pastoralists in the West far exceeding the outlay required for the purpose. The time specified for the fulfilment of the contract is five months. Tun disposal of street rubbish the Mayor (Alderman Burdekin has determined shall, in the future, be carried out on a more efficient and sanitary method than that now in force. Under exist- ing arrangements refuse gathered from the thoroughfares in taken by calls to trips at various places in the city, but chiefly at Moore Park, and there deposited without being subjected to treatment of any kind. A scheme has been laid before the council for destroying the street sweeping by a crematory process and the city surveyor, Mr. R. W. Richards, CK, has received instructions to report upon this and other methods of dealing with rubbish. Mr. Richards has already reported upon what is known as Fryer's process, which has been found to act effectively in London and other large centres. While dealing with this subject Mr. Richards is also to report upon an improved street sweeper and cleanser. Tiru township of Condobolin was proclaimed an incorporated municipality during the present week. Next Wednesday a local government inquiry will be held in the Council-chambers at Penrith in reference to the proposal that Castlereagh Ward be created a separate municipality. We have received from the Government Statistician the second and third parts of the "Statistical Register" for 1889, which have just been compiled. The second part deals with the population, immigration, and vital statistics, and the third part with the monetary and financial affairs of the colony. YzsmnTiKx morning a Wvy fog enveloped the city, such a one as occurs here but rarely. Many of the ferry steamers in the harbour, and some of the larger vessels, went astray. Considering the number of vessels underwear to the various bays connected with the ferry) system, the fact that no collision or accident resulted in personal injury or in loss to the underwriters, is complimentary to the matters of the harbour steamers. On Monday the B £S. Lusitania leaves here for London. She has a fairly well filled list of passengers, and her cargo space is equally well taken up. As the steamer arrived here but nine days ago, the despatch shire has received reflects much credit upon the Orient (Company's representatives. A large cargo of goneral/merebnndmo has been landed 1, and the steamer loaded, coaled, and made ready for sea in the brief time stated. She takes a full cargo of frozen meat and the usual miscellaneous ship monte, including 600 ('tons of silver-lead bullion s from the Broken Hill mines. Captain Saville, late A.D.C. to the Earl of Onslow, and the Hon. D'Arcy Lambton, of H.M.S. Orlando, proceed home by the steamer. The R.M.S. Mariposa has arrived at Auckland. The steamers of this line keep excellent time in the mail service. It is not at all an unusual thing for them to be ahead of contract date, The Mariposa's due date at Auckland is to-day, for instance, so that she may be said to be 24 hours ahead. Her London date of mails is the 10th ultimo, and San Francisco May S. Her due date at Sydney is Thursday next, the 20th, but she will probably be here on Wednesday next Tub Solomon Islanders do not much improved apparently by coat not with the amenities of civilisation. Whatever customs have prevailed wh(En. past days are no loss scrupulously followed, it seems, since their islands were visited by the pale- face. Ugi, Gold, and Rubiana, the places in the group visited no later than a month since by the schooner Oamaru, are still scenes of the most barbarous ceremonies. A tourist by the Oamaru, a well-known resident of this city, states that during his cruise in the group he witnessed the formalities of a chief's funeral, where- in the grief of the bereaved relatives was, it may be supposed, assuaged to some extent! by the head of a fellow-countryman, fresh cut being passed round amongst them. A native-built canoe of some pretensions, dedicated to war purposes, was. launched at one of the places called at The sacrifice of human life on such an occasion it "one of the customs of the tribe." Mu. LisnsAT G. Tnojtrsov, the Chief Inspector of Fisheries, returned from an inspection of the lakes in the South Coast district this week. During his visit he examined the oyster resorts of the Minnamurra River, situated about three or four miles north of Kiama. Those are found to be exceedingly favourable, although at present many of the oysters are coated and silted with flood refuse. Generally, however, indications are abundant of the rapid growth of those molluscs in this locality, which is considered to be particularly suited for conservation purposes, Greenwood Point was also visited, and there evidence was forthcoming to prove the existence of an excellent fish supply for Sydney, providing adequate arrangements can be made to bring the fish to market The water is low in Wolumla Lake at present and the entrance to the sea is open to the width of 50 yards, in which the depth of water will give passage for an ordinary whale- boat In this lake meshing net fishing was tried, with the result that much of t of 61, 5lb, and 10lb, bream weighing 2lb, whiting and blackfish, were captured. Trials made have shown that this will be an excellent fishing resort where large edible fish can be caught in great numbers with the fishing net, without in any way interfering with the lake as a breeding area and nursery. Before the lake can be utilised, however, better means of communication must be established between it and the centres of consumption. At Lake Illawarra, too, the meshing-not is being used to much better advantage to the fishermen than the hauling not, but all these fishing-ground, must be worked under proper regulations, to frame which Legislative power at present does not exist With regard to the recent fatal accident at the Lands Office, to which a correspondent referred in our yesterday's issue, the contractors, Messrs. Rains and Baldwin, write as follow :-" Noticing a paragraph in the news of the day in this morning'! Herald to the effect that the continual unlaying of the strands in a wire rope is bound to make the splice draw, we beg leave to state that if your correspondent will favour us with a visit, we will undertake to convince him that it is impossible to delay the strands with the box revolving as our. does, and is equally as safe as though it were saved in fact, more so, as the guy or rope would be highly dangerous in other ways, such as dragging bricks off the walls, or becoming entangled with other objects, i We do not with to enter into any controversy on our late sad and lamentable accident which we would have done anything to have prevented. We, however, think that after having had such experts in gear generally here as Captain Cot- tier. Captain Selmes, and many others (besides the men actually working with the cabin), and having convinced them, without the possibility of a doubt, that the revolving does not allay the strands, we do not think we shall have much trouble in convincing your correspondent You know the old saying " an ounce of practice is worth a ton of theory.' Messrs. A. Dean and Sons on their large job at the Australia Hotel, after we had met with our accident, started to use guys but after three or four days' use, discarded them as doing more harm than good, and their manager it also thoroughly convinced that it is impossible to delay the rope as stated." A land appeal case of considerable importance, and which was mentioned in the Assembly recently, was argued before the Full Court and decided yesterday. It appeared that a conditional purchaser named Simon Robinson took up a selection of 400 acres in the Tamworth district in 1882, and at the end of three years- the Act of 1884 having in the meantime come into operation a complaint was lodged by the district inspector that Robinson had taken up the land as a dummy, and had not complied with the condition of residence. The matters referred to the local land board, which unanimously upheld themselves tion. The Minister not being satisfied, again sent the matter back, and the board, by majority, re- affirmed its decision. On two subsequent occasions a similar course was adopted by the Minister with the same result, and the selector now appealed and asked for an order for a prohibition to restrain the local land board from proceeding farther in the matter. The Court was unanimously of opinion that the case was one of avoidance or forfeiture under the 20th section of the Land Act of 1884, and as that section provided that the decision of the board " after due investigation in open Court shall, unless appealed against, the final," the Minister had no power to refer it back. The prohibition was therefore granted, with costs. It is understood that this decision will settle other cases of a similar nature. The first matter called on before the Full Court yesterday was the appeal against the conviction of Edmund Henry Taylor on several points which had been reserved at the trial. Mr. O'Connor, who appeared for the prisoner, said that since the trial he had looked carefully into the matter and referred to authorities, and as he had come to the conclusion that the points were not arguable, he would not be justified in taking up the time of the Court in discussing them. The Bench commended the learned counsel for his consideration, and dealing with the matter in its general aspect, it expressed regret that learned gentlemen, upon whose application "points" were reserved, did not investigate their value immediately after the trial, and thus save the Judges from the necessity of stating special case upon points which were utterly untenable. Mr. O'Connor said that, in justice to the prisoner's advisors, he wished to state that the matter was really taken out of their hands, and they were compelled to submit it to the Court The conviction was sustained. A rLEisnto ceremony took place at St Andrew's Cathedral last evening, at the close of the weekly choir rehearsal for Sunday's services. Mr. Herbert C. Vindin, who has been an active member of the choir for the past are , years, was presented with an illuminated address by the choristers on the eve of his departure for Bathurst, where he is to be ordained for the Ministry by Bishop Camidge, on Trinity Sunday. The Rev. A. R. Rivers, M.A, the precentor of the cathedral, made the presentation, and, in doing so, expressed his deep gratitude to Mr. Vindin for the voluntary help which he had so long rendered at the various musical services of the cathedral, and more especially as honorary organist at the daily services. Mr. Rivers also thanked Mr. Vindin for the kindly interest which he had always shown in the welfare of the choristers attending the Cathedral Choir School, and added that the Cathedral Chapter at their last meeting expressed their sense of the value of his disinterested labours in the work at the Cathedral Mr. Vindin replied, and remarked that the address, of which he was the recipient, would always serve to remind him of his many pleasant associations with St Andrew's Cathedral. Mr. Vindin will leave Sydney on Monday next for Bathurst, having been appointed a Minor Canon of All Saints' Cathedral in that city. Tub Marrickville Primitive Methodist Church anniversary services were held on Sunday and Tuesday evening last Sermons were preached on the Sunday by the Ben, G. James, Dr. Roseby, and J. Metcalfe. A concert was given by the choir on Tuesday evening, conducted by Mr. R. Rutherford, organist of the church. The sacred choruses and solos were well rendered, Mr. H. Burling occupied the chair, and short addresses were given by the Revs. G. James, J. W. Holden, and Messrs. Buchanan, H. Harmer, and J. Wedlock. Kb, Evan Jones, the well-known jeweller and silversmith, of No. 11 Hunter- street, Sydney, has just' completed, to the order of Mr. Herbert Bowden, of Thursday Island, a beautiful trophy, consisting of a miniature lugger, made of silver, under full sail, which will be competed for in the pearlshell lugger race, to take place in Torres Straits to-day. The trophy was designed from a builder's model, the dimensions being 10in. in length, 10in in height, from keel to mainmast, and San. beam. H'ho hull is a beautiful piece of workman li ship, and is set off by two masts and three sails. The rigging, running gear, dock arrangements, and, in fact, every detail, have been faithfully carried out. The trophy was on view in Mr. Jones' shop window yesterday morning, previous to being despatched to its destination, and was much admired. The majority of the luggers entered for the event, which is exciting a good deal of interest in Torres Straits, were built at this port. ; The new buildings of the Mutual Life Association of Australia, at the corner of Wynyard-street and George-street, which are rapidly approaching completion, are to be adorned with a magnificent group of statuary, now being placed in position. The group, which represents .' Forethought " protecting her family from the attacks of a savage wolf, was ordered by Mr. George Munro, of Dunedin, from his representatives at Carrara, Italy, and it is in every respect worthy of the splendid building which it is to decorate. A connraroxDEKT, signing himself E. W., writes in reference to the difficulty which come of the ferry-boats experienced in crossing the harbor yesterday morning, during the prevalence of th fog: This state of things could be remedied by the very simple means of providing every boat with a compass, the 'skippers' of which, by taking bearings in clear weather, and making due allowance for tide, which constant practice should enable them to do with accuracy, would be able to steer a true course in the densest fog." In consequence of certain statements made with regard to an investment made by the Melbourne Savings Bank, a rather remarkable run on that institution commenced on Tuesday last. The run, states the Argus, was continued on Wednesday, and it was not until the close of the day that the public appeared to thoroughly recognise that the scare was groundless. As far as the head office was concerned, the withdrawals were heavier than on the previous day. 130 accounts were closed at this office, representing an amount of £10, 590; but the number of accounts kept there is close upon 30,000. The withdrawals at the head office on Tuesday reached £5509 only, although the total withdrawn throughout the branches during the day was £25,000. In consequence of the attitude of the depositors the office was kept open on Wednesday until 6 o'clock, instead of 3, the usual closing time, in order to continue payments to any who cared to apply, but there were few applications after the ordinary bour. At Williamstown, where the greatest rush occurred, the unfounded anxiety shown has now been completely allayed. The rain ceased at 12 o'clock, and at a quarter to 8 p.m. the manager of the bank telegraphed, " Bush all over ; money returning freely." Up to noon £1000 had been withdrawn at this branch, but between that hour and 5 o'clock the payments only amounted to £130. The bank was kept open until 5 o'clock, and reopened in the evening from 7 to 9 At 8 o'clock, how- ever, so few people were drawing money that the manager decided to put a notice in the window that he would receive- deposits, and the result was that from that time more money was paid in than was taken out. The following were the withdrawals from the suburban branches during the day Fitzroy, £0032; South Melbourne, £4413 ; Richmond, £2896; East Collingwood, £2871; Port Melbourne, £1472 ; Williamstown, £1130, drawn, and £378 deposited; Footscray, £1100 ; Hawthorn, £827 ; Victoria Markets, £333; North Fitzroy, £283. At Prahran there were 192 withdrawals, represent- ing £2200, about three times the usual amount. The commissioners received during the day offers of every assistance that might be needed from several of the city banks. The singular sensitiveness shown by the public on this occasion is attributed in a great measure to the uneasy impression created by the recent disclosures in connection with another financial institution, and it is pointed out that great mischief is caused by building societies' making use of the term " savings bank. In England it is a misdemeanour for any institution to use the term except under the Savings Bank Act In yesterday's leading article dealing with the case of Walker v. Salomon, the meaning of a sentence is reversed by the introduction of a superfluous word. The latter part of the sentence in question should read as follows :-" Judging from the discussions that have taken place from time to time, the feeling, in the repre Tentative House is in favour of allowing the people more freedom than they would be allowed under the judgment of the Court " Tub School of Arts reading-room will be open to-day for exchange of books, but will close on Monday. The following is the order of the musical services at St. Andrew's Cathedral to-morrow Morning : To Deum, Smart in F ; anthem, " O, Holy Ghost " (Macfarren). Afternoon : Magnificat, Hopkins in F ; Antaeus, " How lovely are the Messengers " Mendelssohn's "St Paul's, Litany (Tallis!.' '.' 