Some Curious Inventions A contributor to the Af-w lork World has been amusing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions, stored in the Patnnt Offire. at ?Washington. Many of them are amusing, and some decidedly crazy. .Ibere are, perhaps (the writer tells ns), .000 toys in one division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby -which sucks the bottle. This doll is patented by a German, and it consists pt a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a buttle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube counects with the . glat-s pipe which runs into the bottle, and, going into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and thro gh the doll into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out (hrougn the doll's head, machinery is tet to woik by which the doll begins to me k, and the milk flows up * into its mouth and out into the fan. Another toy of much the eaiie order. it- the toy cow, which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or m- tal, and has a tank inside it. The inventor states that the action of nil iking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and he has in addition an iron wire which connects with the jaws or the cow and runs back to this tank, so that ehe chews her cud while being milk* d. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1884. It is a cat of pasteboard or tin for the purpose of frighten, ing ruts or mice. It is to be made in a sitting, posture and it is painted over with phosphorous so that it shines in the dark like a cat of fire. Another cat, equally funny, is 'a putent sheet-iron animal,' which is worked by clockwork, and has a bellowa inride it which swells up its tal to tiie size of the maddest of Toms. If properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight caterwauler^, and itb ? - in addition steel claws and teeth, 'i'ou wind it up place it on your root, and set it howlitg. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws . kill every one it strike^ . There ie a patent machine heve for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. MsJiy of the pateBt hens' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their boi turns, and the innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There i« One branch of the Patent « ffice known as that of cow -tail ho.dcra. There arc patents - or horses' tails as well as cows' tails. The most curious ami ng them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an ad justable false tail for horses. The lovwr's gate consists of a gate which will swing both wayc, and which can be lowered and raised to suit tbe size of the lovers. On the eume principle ib the adjustable pulpit, which will Tat all kinds of preachers. Inn pulpit runs up and d«wn 'on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his height or lower it to suit. . The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The noee-improver is one of the most curious of thc-e patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal *hell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline. Roman or Grecian, as you pre fer, and it does ail its work at jugl& The : patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After- this the improver is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and «leep until morniog. At first, it is said, the 'operation, is somewhat painful, but this wears off in a few nights and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume *he form of the beautiful shape of the improver.- At the end of eight weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you 'buy a different style of improver and come out in 1b. new nose quite different from your last one, but stiil beautiful. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match- boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbere. Alter every great ^jjrave-robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and i looked at one coffin surrounded by bats of wrought iron, binding the casket and ex tending out from it Tat such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impossible to move it except by a 'derrick. :: : ' ' 