A FREE MEARKET. The literal meaning of the word "Fair" in its commercial sense, is a "free market." In other vords, a "fair" means a market at which all?and,. every may purchase ýor not without being subjected to fee'or tax, and also where all and every can sell without any such" disabilities as attach to ordinary mar kets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the social and industrial life of the people ;. but, since the establishment of railways, and the .quicker intercommuni cation ?hich. has .resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out" a matter perhaps for regret, in sonic respects, but inevitable under the changed conditions of the national life. Here in Australia, fairs are unknown. In deed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-ahead colonies. Life is not: so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with, an moeeiuent and force to which, even in this day, few pro viccial folk in the old country are accus tomed. This, however, is a necessity, fol lowing upon our freer and more" prosperous condition, as wel as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too sliht for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art-now is sought in all directions to do as mucli in an hour as 100 yea'r ago. was ae complished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If w^ live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rcwards than the old folk could pos sibly earn. The average earning capacity, anud therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sesti mentalists are continually regretting people. by the way, 1who are of similar sap less constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote :- ' '" u t scine , einrin g, arts lnd commerc die, But give on binck our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as education and a higher intelligence have taught them ahowy to spend it wisely, we lird great cstablishments, such as Foy and- Gib son's, of Smith-street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the com:orts, the necessaries, the clegancies and refliements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Aus tralia. We are wrong. At this present moment, thile irm we have mnentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Mlessrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if lie forebears from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the ore impulse-an eager desire to avail them selves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To thle benevolent mind it must give plea sure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantle', of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more con tented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Uld. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home to ivhliclie' h shall predintly coniluct his bride is filled with a sense of importance and re sponsibility, to which Intherto during his shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out-flux cf visitors to the show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calculation of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose .that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplating the establishment of these fairs, took into reckoning the philanthropic aspeet of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honorable enterprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an increased popular content ment. ' There is another lesson to learn from these facts, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great es tablishment is governed. are even as the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system -result of long experience-and large busi ness experience, controls every detail of the business, so that matters go on like machi nery, and to our. mind, with much of the .throb and pulse of the steam engmne.. ; Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform themn that the frontage extends 220 feet- to Smith-street, and that there is a depth to Little. Oxford. street of 200 feet. The great shows rooms, filled with the costliest of feminine raiment are. enormous apartmecits. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets andl laces, and other bewildering matters taste again some slight flavor cf the delights :ivhichonce moved them in the flesh; We d6:inot believe in ghosts, but, as we haive Mr. Shakespeare's authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may-be on the cards that ghosts,.of departed fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a ;ndev:sensation: oiigtito i iipdai hbeour.r two - :tab~dFoy andc Gibson's: Fairs, and: if' they, havingdone so, do not experience a sensation as of oeie who has has beheld a. new. revela tion, all iwe can say is that they must be .very, blase an played out. For such people there is but one resource-patent-medicines. rAD . . ... 