Oonrting of Dinali Shad ? By BUDTABD KIPLING. " DID I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av mine . 3 dissembled a burning ansieiy, that I, Had felt for some months-—ever: since Dinah Shadd. the strong, tie patient, ana Hie infinitely lender, had of her own srood love and free mil Trashed a shirt for mc. moving m a barren landwhere wadimg was not. .- - : '•I can t remember." I said casually. Ti as it before or after you made Jove to Annie Biaain and got no satisfaction f-v The story of Annie Braginis wncten in r snoiier place. It 3sone of lie, many s enisudes in Mulvanevs chequered career. | ' Before—before—longbefore. was thai s business av Annie Bragm an die corp ml s j ghost Never woman was the worse for,] me whin I had maimed Dinah.. There's a 3 time for ad things, an' I Joiow how to j kape all tilings in place—Jjarran die j ohnnk. that tapes me m my place wid no j Uf.'pe av comin to be aught else. j Begin at die beginning-' X insisted, j ' 51re. Mulraney ibid me rhat you] married her when you were quartered ai l hrab Bokhar barracks." .-••<: j Aa tlie same is a cess-pifc."' saidj Muivanev. piously; . She spoke dirne, j did Dmah. 'Twas llns way: Talkm" av I ihsi. have ye iver fallen m love, EOIT? j I preserved the.silence of the danmed. j Mulraney continued— j Thm I mil assume that ye have not. i j ouo. In the days av my youth, as I have 3 mora than wans'fc iould you. I was a man | taat nuea the eye an" delighted the sowl j sr sromen. Xever aian was hated as I I nave am. Xever man was loved as :I— i . boi within half a dav's march av at! For tue first- fiveyeais avmy Beirice, whin I was wuat I wud give my sowl to be now, I rui- irh2tever iras widlii my reach an' Oiicbtea uc—an that's more than most r.ien cai say. Dhrmk.1 mk. an lit did me no harm. By the liollowav hiven. T | cuaplavind four women at- wanst. an" i f-iivc- tiieai from findin'oufcanytluui abouc Use other Hires, an" smile like a full-blown j marig«la through ut all. Dick Coulhan, i Ciebaixeiy. well have down on us lo^ j sight, coald anvehisteam no better rhan I 1 auiie. ail I hild the worser cattle ?: An' I su l lived, an so I was happy, till aftlier iliai uusiness wid Annie Bragm—she thatti^T.ea me ofias cool as b meat-safe, an' '-auaht me where I studirL iiie anuid av an tenant woman. "Tinas no swees dose to Aftlier that I sickened awhile an 7 tut lioiiEht to my reg mental work ' conceit-. UigmesQf I study an' be a saigmt an°\ 4 aiiiCT-gmeral twenty mimitfis aftter Em on top ov av my ambiaous-. ness ri:ere was an emptv place an my -BOWL r,J mc 'jwn ojimion av mesilf end not fill SezI ui iuesiif: 'Terence, you're a gftiit man an the best set up in fiieieg"-: iaeisi. Go on an get piomotaon.' Sez: laes-if to nie. ' vhM for! Scz I to ".eiiii. For the gloiy liave nt'" f^ez E-* Li to n e 'Will liiat fill these mo aruiais av roios. Tcronce' 3 'Co devil." sez I M saesllf. 'Go to "je married hues' sez mesilf to n,e.' lis ifce same thing sez I to mesilf. Joare the same man, ufc; is,' Sad- ffiwuitnme an widfliat I considheted ^uta long wlule. Did you lver feel uiat jray. sorr' ' I tiiored gently, kaonsng that if Mulijssj Trere mmiiermpbed he wtold go on. iw viamour of the bivouac -fires beat w the star& as the nyal emgers of J.B compajiks were pitted against each " So I felt diat way. an" altad time at WS « anst bem a fool I wint into die awrial Vies more for die sake av spakin w our ould raIour-ser*pnt-Shadd."thanf<»r -ar tii rack wid wimrnen folk- I was a «'i?ul then—rejoced aSherwanls buta ««i>rilthen I ! re a photograft av mesilf 1'ixsve ut ' YouTl take a«in av tav, ^ he. 'I Will thai/ I a™ tayisnotmy divarEion.* "Twpa to better far you if *ifc were, ould MoHier Slmcd- wi* 4ie1iad onphfc to' w for Shadd. in the ind as lis £gjTice, ohmnk bung full each niaht - " B id that I tnk off mv glores—tJiere^E ^iwpenday m tMm, eJilul Ihev ^tuoj ""n" J pH. 1 at. nn cliur Jmim' round at die chrna omammtEatf bm, ai fBgE m the Shadds* qtuaieis. 31iey ^ tilings tliat belonged to a aocaaip far, here w3ay an* didupaifid 'Youre comfori^ble dus place, ^ n ^ saysi, «"Tig iiie Ts?fc Ifcat M I 1 ' sez h", pomtrn the Etemar hm "'V" " u!l1 Hudd. an'- ae aiatkeddietop ai iJ1B bald head upon "K^raplunait 'mitsnauCsyouwaiite 'An dim—an' liun, to be filled. Steai fiispsrap heriiairan ~ Stars on aiTOE ...Wteadhur two feet _ a ^ if. or fioinstjie c63on<asfca#e looked at a picture fornnist the walL Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an'- begad she ll come, bleatm d to your boot-heels. ' suppose ihat"e why you followed Aimie "Bragm till everybody in the mar-, rued quart-era laughed at. YOU.'' said I. remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. -.-..-••• " I m laym aown thegmral theory av the attack, said Mnlraney, dnnng iis foot into lie dying fire. " 3f yon lead the SoMter's PocJret JBOOJ;. which mver any. soldier reads, youll see diat there are exceptions. Whin Dinah was out ar the door (an 'twas as tho' die: sunlight had gone too)—'Mother av liiiren". sergint. EayE I. bat is that your daughter ? 'Ive believed that tray these eighteen years;: says onld Shadd. his eyes twinklm. ' bus Mrs. Sliadd has her own opinion like iriy odier woman.* ' Tiswid Tonrs-dus craiefor a inencle-'sez Mother Shadd- 'I'hin whyiH die name of fortune didl mver see her before f sez t ' * Bekase you've been tlirapesin' round wid the married women those three years past- She was a bit av a child till last year, an'-she shot np wid the spring,: sez ould Mother Shadd. \- -EH dizapese M more.'sez I. ?D'you mane that?' isez ould Mother Shadd. lookin'afc me sidowavs like a ben looks av a h;iwk »vlien the chickcns are minim 7 free. ^ry me. sn' teil.' sez i. '^id ihat I pulled on iny gloves, dhrarik ojfthe tea, an' went out-av the house as sKS" as at gen'ral p raa: for well -1 knew diat- Xhnab Shadd"6 eyes were in die small av my back out- av the SCUIIEEF window, Faiih 5 rkat was the only tame X mourned, Iwas not a ear Try man for thesakear the spurs TO jinsle "1 wint out io think, as' I did a powerful lot av tijinkmvbut ut all eanie round to thatslibp av a girl in die d'jfoed blue ahress. wid the blue eyes: an" the syaatalm them. Thin I keptoffcanteen. an ! 1 kept to the married quarthers or near by on die chanst avmeefcm'Dmali. Did I meet her 1 Oh. iny time past, did I not,, md a .lump in my throat, as big as my valise. an my heart- gran Hke :a iarrier'e forge on a Samrday,. morning S Twas " Good aav to ve. Miss Dmah.' an' Good day-T*y 0U -^'usaqx^nl;'-^xor a week or two. an" divii a biifurther could/Iget j bekaze av the respict j had to chat^ir! that -£•^ cud ha" broken befcune finger an" thumb Here I giggled as I recalled the ciganac -figiineJof Dmah , Shadd when, sue handed me mv shirt. '• Te rny laugh. ' gnmted MulvanCT. But rm speaknr the trut*, an "tas yon that are in lault. - Dinah wijs a cii€ that th&t; would ha: takeji ilie ltuperiousness out of iiie Duchess av Glonmel m/chose days. Flower-hand, foot ar shod air. anV the eyesai the inoinm' she liad. That is my wife to-day—ould Dinah, and never auglu else than Dinah Shadd io jue. ,, • " Twas after tliree weeks'. Etandlii' oS an on. an' mver mabm* headway exdpt through the -eyes, tliat a Ht-de dronunerboy grained ut me face wlun I liad admonished ium wid the buckle av my belt, for notui all over the place. 1 Ail I m sot the only wan that doesn't iape to barricks •* sez he. 1 tuk iim by the scruff av his ned^—my heart was hung on a liair-thrifiger those days yoa well understand—an 'Out wid lit/ sez L 'or 111 laye no bone av you unbreakable 'Speak to Dempsey.' sezlie. howling ' Dempsey which*' sez I, 'Te mi»^hed limb of Satan." 1 Of the Bob-iailed Dhragoons.' sez he i BDe's seen lerltome ftom iierit*E hopse mjtiie civil lines four times HUE fortnight/ * {Mid ? - Eezldhmppiug Inm, *Xbur tongoc^s Eteonger than your body. Go to yoor <juarteiE. Imsmyl dhrsEsedyou dowji. At that X went four ways to wanEt huntiB' Dempsey. I vas inafl tp fhaik ihat widall my airsamong woinenldind ha" teen dated by ajbasm-faeed fool av a; cavl'iy man not fit to tamst on a molefl.rnnV- Pwcinjy I found him jn our lines—the Bobtails was quartered nest «s —an a tallo wy top-licsray Bon av she mule he was wid ius "fag brass >%>UES an* Ins plaEfetjnE on Ins ejngasbsns an' alL But he mver flinched a hair 14 A word und you, Dmpsegr/ sesL 'You've walked with Bmah Shdddfour fames tins fortnight gone. ' ^Vharstiiat toyou T '«eElie. "HI walk forty tunes inocej an foity^m-topaF t-kat. je Ehoyel fntueoL a^lHaiaf juTpp fay teace-«Hai jjL »BeforeKmdEjarfHfihadlisglo «d fist home onmy cheek, an' down^f went full Epiawl ' Will dia contentJTOUJ oez he, blowjri' onhis jowtiles &r; all die; ijroiid iikea&»fe Greys oSFcer 'Con lant^'^ezl 4 J"or j our own Bake man, stale ofi" 3 oar ppure—wed your inclel an ujiplovc "aSsflieaj£giiir»D ^ Hioov^l t ground. '"Stand np.'sezl,' ^orl'llHck your head into your chest.' and I wud ha* done ut too. so i^gin'mad I was. 'jjly collar-bones Tirnk." sez he 'Help me back.«o lines. 111 walk wid her no more.' So i helpedrhim back." :.And was his t»llar-bone broken ? "* I asked, for: I, fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish, that terrible throw. '* J3c pitched on his ieftshonlder- pomt. li- was. : Kext day iho news was in both barracks, an whin I met Dinah Shadd, Wid a cheek like all die reg'minfcal tailors 1 samples, there "was no ' Good monun', corp'nL 1 or aught else. ' An' what- have I done. Miss Shadd,' sez L reiy bonld, plantui mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not- pass the tame of day J " . ' Te're half-killed zongh-nder D empsey,. sez she- her dear blue eves illin" TIP '"Slay be,' sez I. 'Was lie friendav yours that saw ye. home four times in a fortoight?' * Yes,* sez she. very bould, but her mouUi was down at- Hie comers. * An'— an' what's that to you '. Ask Dempsey.' sez I. purtendin' -to go away '.Did you fight- for me then, ye silly mail? she . sez, tho' jshe knew' nt all ong * Who else 1 -Eez 3^-aa' I tak wan pace to die front. ' I wasnt worth ut,' sez she, fingenn m lier-apron. ' "Tliat s for ineto say/ Sez 1. Shall I Bay ut 1 ' Vc^, sez die in. a saint's-whisper, an at rliat. I ex;>lamed mesilf: and sh« tould me what ivry man that is a man, an many-that is a woman, hears wansi mhis Me ""BIB what -made J-e ciy at starfin'. Dmah darhn ? sez I. Your—your bloody cheek, sez • she., duekui' her little head -down on my sash (I was, duly for, the day) aaV whimperin" like a sorrowful angeL Kb w a man cud : take that two TtrayE-; I tuk nt as pleased me best an' my first kiss wad ut Mother av Innocence! but 1 kissed her on die ap ar die nose an* undher the eye. an a girl that lets a lass come tumbler ways, like chat has never %een Jassed. before. Take note =of diat. sorr. ®hui we -want hand; in hand to ould^IotherShadd liketwo little childher.- an she said it was no bad thing, an ould Shadd nodded behnid his pipe, an'Dinah ran away to her own room That day I dirod on roHin' clouds. All oaitb was too small to hould me. Begad. X cud 3ja' picked thp sun oiit- gr the Ekyio^a lire coal co my pipe, so magnificent 1 was: But 1 tuk necruities at squad- drill , an' began with general bactakon advance whin 1 shudha' beenbalance-steppin'em. Evaii 1 that day! tliat day i L rery long pause " Well ? ^ said L 'It was all wrong," said Malvaney, with an enormous sigh "An" sure I lawn that ev!iy bit av it was my own ness That night £ tuk. maybe, the half ar three pints—not enough to turn die hair of a man in his natural senses; But X was more than half drunk wid pure joy. an diat canteen beer wat; so much whisky to me X can't roll "how it came about, but bd.os» X had no thought for anywan except Dinah, hdaizp; I hadn i fibpped her litde whiifi arms from my neck five minutes, fee breath of her kiss was nor gone from my moudi, I must go through ibe married lines on my way TO quarters an" X mnsr, .stay talkm" io a iedheaded MiiHengarheifer ava girl, Judy Sheehy. xhat was jdaughter to MbiSia Sheehy, tie wife or Sick Sheehy, die caateen-seiguit—die black corseav Shifi lygli be on the whole brood diab are ^>ove grotm diis day ! (Toteomtiimed.) " AX* THIN, WHIK THE K3TIXE TK1S 3» BE TILLED, BIKAH CAME IK—MRMKAH." 