LEONARD LINDSAY, ok THE STOUT OF A BUCCANEER. CHAPTER VIII.—(CONTDTOED.) BY ANGUS B. REACH. "With this, mates, Ned Purvis waited away forward, and pondered long and deeply. The rest of the crew were whisper- • ing in gronps upon the forecastle, and the poor old captain was standing wringing his hands beside the magic boat. So, presently, Ned spoke to two or three of the men, and tfcey shook hands with, him and promised to stand by iiim. Then he went down to his berth and took oat a great pistol, and carefully examined tho lock and cleaned it; afterwards he opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hammered into a round ball, and with it, instead of a leaden' ballet, he loaded the J&tol.; So presently, armed in this fashion, fie came en deck, the men following him by onon and twos, and inarched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at the door. " What do yon want here ?" moth the old man; "take my advice, and fit Kim silone." " No," eays Ned, '' I brought him here, and I'll make yon rid of him;" and so saying, he put the old man aside, and entered the cabin. It was almost dark, but the light !"•» the binnacle came down through the •iglight, and showed the strange passenger fjq^g there, as the captain had described, wifbhis back to the rudder-case. Died Purvis marched heavily in, and tho jbaatom, or whatever it was, looked up at aim, and so they remained for more than a minute staring into each other's eyes. The im were watching them over each other's •boulders at the door. " 'T\\)nl weather Don,' says Ned at last, as lxMss steel, 'you're more free than wel The spectre took no notice. , " ' I hove the rope to you,' says Ned ; •and I thought I was doing an act of duty tf my fellow creature. But now I hear that there's no living blood in your veins, and thatt yon roam the ocean, bringing bad infill ii on the mariners you fall in with, ^batmay be true, or it may not. If not, njr so, apd' say who you are. If you be a shipwrecked man you are welcome here; fiat if not, men have told me that a silver tgQet can -wound even a ghost, and if Aot speak in time, by God, there is a ' " ) chanoe now of testing the truth of the ing. Answer!' ' Ned racked the great pistol and levelled at the strange passenger. The ^gie never moved a muscle of its wan .grtj.Twiii" •M Tike die dollar and my blessing with |p>^Bl««fced Ned, and he drew the & ^xplodBd,andfera moment smoke pfTyp^jy tnMi tttfRr.. yon my malison; aniltbeexe- , tokens of it wiUfollow you :&y;,iwtil eitbermy fate or yours '"ihedi. If.you do not believe me, look over either quarter, and see notspeakjsooth.' Hlbese, mates, were thB very words of " ^MthetDcm; Ihare got all the tf&os; which relatefo the matter by asthey were told to me . And so Ned isest of them being terribly startled, » on deck, one topping up the arjuiiiy; and the first thing they tostare into the tiea, where tne had told themto look, when sure sawtbe fins of tiro great Una awluinurasters in size, keeping way r inthiSi0 abip;• and just as Ned came ihef gaveaaoifc of frisky plunge in fiae watex, as much as to say,' th&e; you are— >d ; and here w«aze. " make a.loag. _ midnight, such a short, mates, the eastward that .was blowing fcr it but te put thesi . 'was. nothing and not onlyth&t; day, but that week, wind; and lorihree weeks after thatf did the hnnicane, for it was little else, oontinne, blowing the dbip entirely out of her oouree, until at length ti&captamandcrew; knew ti)at they had sailed tranneartheooastof AMoato the coast of Awmin» ) and that if tlbewind did not soon tafa off, they would be run plump ^ashore, '••igtSaK on the con Meanwhile Fool-Weather Bon, as before, *OTar rose from the cabin, nor broke bread aor apoke word. Indeed, if he were talkatim^$ehadnoone but himself to hold contwOe with; for captain, quarter- master, vatee, and all, lived forward, and gave up Ae cabin to the phantom passenger. Bnt Foul-Weather Don was not the only thing which stuck to the ship. The sharks kept way villi bar as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could aee thmfoonafiionally, ploughing along in the tn^diB of the sea, one on each quarter, and jaeqwng their plaoes as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, all hands •jot low and The old captain was xairly qnmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare- «tofil as he was, began to quaiL At last, they knew by their reckoning, and by tbe look of the sky towards sundown, that they wave approaching the land, and that one way «r the other their fate would soon be settled. 80 one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, and jointing out to each other right ahead the wacm coloured olonds which sailors know Jwmgererthe land. The weather looked as wild as ever; the scad above flew even faster than tte waves below; and yon should have seen the battered look of the craft as she went staggering along,under a rag of canvas, which was becalmed every moment in the toughs 4*f the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed sway long ago, the hatchways were all battened down. Out of three, boats she had carried only one was left, being strongly ladled to the deck, wh'le the sea-battered akiff of Foul-Weather Don, although there WBinot so much as a rope yarn to make it ftek, bad never bodged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and over the decks, so that the men were obliged to lash themselves to ringbolts, and to the Basts, and never could light a fire or wear a •Utah of dry clothing. "Well, as I was saying, the poor fellows were holding on as well as they could, and wondering where the ship and they themselves would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking their turn at the helm ropes, gave a loud shout, and the -zest turning about, saw Foul-Weather Don standing upon the deck. "Hea going—he's going," whispered old daptsin Purvis. " The Lord hath preserved vain His neat goodness." Well, Foul-Weather Don looked eagerly about as .if he expected to find his treasure MyiJ, and then he mounted the rigging— all tiie crew holding their breath and watching him—and gazed from the maintop long sadly. At length, he made a sort of motion of despair, and came down to the deck, where he stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, and motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the In a minute, mates, the tackles were *, and they let the skiff go into the water, with a surge that would have burst another boat into staves. But only the devil, mates, -could swamp a craft like that; she Anted alongside as light as a well-corked bottle. "'Haul your wind, when the elements will allow you,' says the Don, quite " 'Thank you for nothing,' quoth Ned Purvis. ' I should think we would, when you have brought us across the osean against our wilL ** Bnt the spectre replied not a word, and •owned to glide rather than to clamber over fba ship's side into the boat. When he was iaidv aboard, Ned Purvis bellowed out, •Tate your sharks with yon, Foul-Weather Dan .; they are fitter companions for you than for Christians.' "Bnt there was no reply, and in a minute file phantom and his boat glanced away from the ship's side, and the l 'st the crew saw of •bar was a black speck with a figare in it, in w w n h baofaftoacgw k ibii very crest 01 a breaking wave. Just as this happened, and tliey were beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted ' Land !' and sure enough the next time they rose upon a sea they paw right in the glare of the porting- sun the dusky coast-line of an island. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses :tud stay-sails on the ship, she jyiucr-to with her head to the eastward. 1 ou. know, mates, that iu hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that by sunrise the next day there was no thin ar but a greatsmooth swell to show that a gals had just 6wept across the wide Atlantic. The first thing Ned Purvis did when he came on deck to take the morning watch, was to look over the quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when he saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. The other soamaa saw the creatures itoo, and they looked at Ned, and whispered among themselves. " Well, you may be sure that, after such a run as the ship kad had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanted vegetable food and rest; so that when the usual trade wind came to blow, and they found from one or two fishing canoes that they were amongst the most northern of the Windward Islands, they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, the sharks kept their places as steadily as the very masts. Ned fished for them in vain. He even baited the hook with the choicest pieces of pork and beef aboard, but they would not as much as push _ the morsel with their snouts. ' No, no,' said the men, when they saw this; ' the creatures have their orders, and they obey them.' Then Ned tried the harpoon, but though he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he conld not make a hit at the sharks; either the ship lifted or lurched, or the ravenous animals glided aside, or the water made the spear glance; but, however it was, Ned confessed that he could not even scratch their dingy backs. Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in the ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, and the crew, although they used to love poor Ned, now began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knew it. '"The curse,' said the men, 'is following us in a visible shape. There can be no good luck for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a of attendants swimming astern.' Weli, Ned tried hard to laugh it off, but he could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. ' Why,' he would say, ' they can't jump aboard, messmates; the ocean is theirs as well as ours, and if a cat may look at a king, I don't see why a shark may not look at a ship.' "But though he spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Ned was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted- three days, and all -that time they ware cruising about among the"' islands, feftlnwg for a place which would be snug to anchor in, and ontofthe way of ~ dsh ships. On the third day, when the _ was about a league from a small sandy isle or k^y, the men noticed that the sharks Cairie closer to,her *>»«»• ever, as if they wore getting more and more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the orew went to the captain in a body, and said that Ned must leave.the ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would _ get plenty of water and provisions, and he might soon get Ins passage off in another ship, but whether be did or not be must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, bnt the men would not bear his words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and says— ' Messmates, I have brought misfortune on the ship, and spoiled the voyage; lam willing to land.' " On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished to follow his nephew, bnt they would not let him because he was the only good navigator they would have,' after Ned went away, in the ship. ' So, presently, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, and water, sufficient for two months at least, were put in her, with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of digging for water. When the boat shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Ned. punting to them, i&outed; to his uncle to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and that tinent the ship ©rone was of now tbe islands. free of bad omens. The boat landed in a little oove, and Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. The men plaoed his provisions and the shovel upon the beach, and Bhook hands with him; and as they rowed back to the chip, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. Host of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old tree at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. Well, he lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, whieh was cool and pleasant, and looking out in vain for a ship. At this time the kept cruising along the shore, and Ned used to amuse himnnlf by flinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, however, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the tree, he observed a curious thing. The tree, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieceeuof wood had been rudely fastened, but in such a ay that, unless yon looked very closely, you ould have thought that such was the atural growth of the tree. But at two ours, or thereby, after noon every day, these ranches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in circle on the sand. It was after Ned bserved this that he climbed the tree, and ound that'the crosses were artificial. Then ll at oneeit struck him that they were meant or marks, and then he thought that somehing might be buried there. Well, mates, £E he goes for his shovel, and sets to work t onoe. It was hot work digging in that limate, but he very soon scraped the lid of a reat chest made of ironwood, and bound ith hasps and clasps of metal. "'By all the stars,' quoth Ned, 'who nows but this is Foul-Weather Don's treasure chest.' "Mates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched the lid off, and there he saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones, just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba and Hispaniola by the Indians for the Spaniards. There they had lain for a hundred years, and no man the wiser or the better. " ' Aha,' says Ned, ' I would fain have you in England, but what am I to do with you here?' "However, he made shift to carry the wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea; then he brought the box, and stowed the gold as before, covering all over with loose sand. The veiy next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small bark—he did not know what she was—becalmed, not a mile from the shore, waiting for the seabreeze. So he mounted a rock, fired his gun. waved a handkerchief, and shouted. Presently, a boat pulled off from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of the large windward islands— Martinico, I believe. So Ned told them that he had been marooned for striking the quartermaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port -where he could ship for England. So the turtles consulted together, and asked him if he had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at all for money, took them into his cave, and showed them the treasure-chest. At the sight of it the turtlers stared, as well they might, and most readily agreed to take off Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, and presently the boat was loaded almost to the water's edge with riches. The turtlers went about like men in a dream, and they were only roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment when they rowed tha boat out or the cove and found her so heavy that they feared sha should be swamped by the heave of the sea. ' • ' Lord !' sp.ya one of them. ' See there ; if the boat were to fill and go down. Did you ever see more fearful monsters P ' " And Euro enough there were Ned's old friends swiiiiir.i.ig on ea<;h. side of iha boat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the treasure. However, no (icuident happened, and as they neared the t-urtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. 'You may think for yourselves, mates, how the entiiu crew of the bark, which carried about half-a-dozen, men, received their freight. Ned tald the simple truth as to how he had got it, and the turtler, immediately that tho sea-breezo came, stood away for Martinico. tho two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons; out of men. The big chest stood upon the deck, and the crew hung iv.uud it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they began to handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of turing it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, and swore that Ned was an honest man and a good comrade, and that as he said, so it would be done. But it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice he observed a man concealing a knife in his garment, so that the haft came handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gathering in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and sourer at each other, and gradually drawing off into two parties, one on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threatening. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very uneasily to windward. Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, they drew knives and snicker- snees, and cut and chopped at each other, struggling and cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash down on the gold, and he rushed, forward to separate them, crying ont, ' Madmen that you are—look ont for the squaty first and fight afterwards.' " But it was too late, mates. The sky got. black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing dp the sea before it, and in the very centre'of the flying foam Ned swore he saw Foul-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of sold fetched awav with a mighty surge, and went crashing' through and through the frail bulwark, and then with a great plunge down to the bottom of the ooean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give np its dead! All this passed in a moment, ana the next instant the ship, as though relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawling across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces and limbs. The squall was over, and the son burst out; Ned rushed to the lee-beam, and saw, just where the gold had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he knew well. She seemed now saturatedandrottenwith water, for the charm was off her, mates; and while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, and the Bharks sunk out ' of sight with her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart,, and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, bnt the line ran out every fathom, and the kad touched no bottom. So they lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rope in the ship, but the sea appeared unfathomable. 7%e gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of man could raise it; and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul-Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, and, as I informed yon already, he told (his tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself." CHAPTER IX. XEE AUTHOR, WITH SUKDBY OF HIS COMRADES, SET OUT FOB W CHEEK WMHUTT. TTTE T.KW TTTH BASQUE, AITD THESE BRAVELY CAPTDEE A SPANISH SCHOOKEE. Nearly a month passed away since the evening on which I listened to the story of Foul-Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the coast, where we might have better luck. St was then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, d and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we could divide our party between it and the oanoe, leaving ample room for the stowage of provisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was received with approbation. We were nine in number, well armed, and therefore of quite sufficient force to capture any Spaniard, not a man-of-war, which we were likely to fall in with. It was therefore resolved that Le Pieard, one of our Frenchmen, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should start, under my guidance, for the " cove to the westward, and if we found the boat, should navigate her round the coast to the bay, where the rest of the party would be prepared with provisions and water, ready to stow on board, so that, in company with the canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lost in putting the scheme into execution. Meinheer, who knew something of sail-making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which we were to carry with us, and which would suit the boat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we had found her. We also carried a good-sized keg for water, aud a small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting chiefly to ou." guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleep during the heat of the day ; and after an hour's trudge through the wet grass and bushes, which were quite drenched with the copious dews, passed the spot where lay the buccaneers who had been hanged by the Spaniards. Truly our poor comrades slept in a tranquil resting-place — a spot of greenest grass, with feathery palms overhead, bending and rustling in the night wind. We stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, whence we could look down upon the blue sea beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, during which the sun shone with blistering power. Then, far off, on the glassy surface of the sea, came the dark belt of roughened water streaked with white, which proclaims the daily return of the brisk north-westerly trade, and in half an hour more it was whistling through the bushes in half a gale of wind. We dined this day by the little runnel where I had killed the duck, and then travelled until sunset, when we encamped in our blankets, well worn out by eur long day's march. The journey to the cove was fatiguing, but performed without any particular adventure. We sometimes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wili dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the 6ea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash, into the sea after the fish, which they mark from a gi-ea.t height. In the afternoon of the second day I reckoned that we could not be far from the cove, but the erract spot was difficult to hit, as the general appearance of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives through the creepers and brushwood, so as to be able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and pinnacle of stone; when, having stopped to hold a consultation—-for' I was now becoming very fearful that we had overshot our mark—we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. His terribly disconcerted us, for wc knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that the secret of its existence was not known to me alone. However, we withdrew into the thicket, where we could not well be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around us, and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in the neighbourhood. At all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landed in my cove, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. While we were talking lowly among ourselves, Blue Peter, the Mosquito-man, suddenly started np on his knees, and told us to listen. We did so very intently, andpresently heard a rustling and a snapping of dry twigs in the wood, but although we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. "Tush!", says Nicky; "you are a fool, Peter, and take a wild pig for a Spaniard." But the Indian seized his piece, cocked it, and suddenly levelling it, fired, before we conld prevent him. " Hush!" quoth he, very earnestly, " hush! and we will be safe." " Safe J" said Nicky. " Why, if they are Spaniards, they will be down upon us in a twinkling." "No," replied the Mosquito-man, "no, no ! They shooting all round; think my gun one of their camarados—eh?" " The man is right," said Le Pieard. " Bnt what, in the name of the diable, have you fired at ?" "Me show you!" said Blue Peter; and he crawled into the underwood so circumspectly that one scarcely heard a rustle, and presently, returning, flung the body of a huge dog among 11s. A Spanish blood-hound!" exclaimed Nicky; and - we all recognised the fawn colour, with grim, black muzzle, and the great muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question aside, the creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed the name, " Manuel,G. Alcansas," so it was quite clear that we were surrounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who observed the bio Dd-hound,, and shot, it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should probably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lie close where we were as attempt to shift to less dangierous quarters, as by moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of death. At last we decided to climb np certain trees, the branches whereof interlaced, Blue Peter having first cut the throat of the and scattered the blood copiously ~ around, .so that' itj would JBBX-T barraasand dssjiOy the scents-of any other' hound which' might pass that way. He then flung the body up into the branshes of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice 1 hallooing loudly, as we supposed for the slain dog; and some other shots were fired at a distance. However, the son sank and the stars shone down through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. Making ourselves as comfortable as our position would permit, we munched our supper, of which, however, we could eat but little, for we suffered much from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford us a few mouthfuls apieoe, bnt we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden burst of exclamation when I recognised the little hill, to the top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling np the precipitous banks of the cove. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taking great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine np which I had crept from the water. It was not easy, howto make out whether the cove was empty, for the morning was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. We proceeded, however, moving in single file along the edge of the rock, which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bushes and parasitical plants, with great trees growing ont of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered on by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenly struck my ear with which I was too well acquainted to be easily deceived—it was the flap of canvas. Nicky heard it as well as myself, and we all paused. The land wind was just beginning to die ont, and only came in heavy dank poffs own from the hills. We waited for the next gust; it shook the dew from the branches in . a 1 great sparkling shower, and gave a great rustle, as it were, down the tayjne, in the middle of which we 'again: heard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a sail. Being guided by the sound, we proceeded a few faces onwards, and then coming to a' comparatively clear bit of ground, we crawled upon onr bellies to the edge of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two masts, of the class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in the very centre of the cove, very snugly, being made fast by four hawsers, two a-bead and two astern, to the trunks of trees growing near the water on either bank. She had two boats iu the water, floating by her main chains, and one of them I immediately recognised to bo the object of our journey. Here, then, was the vessel to whom the hunters, whose guns we had heard, evidently belonged; and, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Le Pieard knew enough about the fashion of those seas to be snre that the schooner was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did on the coast here we could not well imagine. The question now, however, was how we were to act? Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a single man awake upon deck; but several stout fellows were lying asleep on under canvas and tarpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill upon the schooner, Nicky asked our opinion as to whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edge, and make off with both boats before the crew awoke. But Le Pieard thought the risk too great. Besides, he argued, when they miss the boats, they can chase us out to sea in the schooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they were talking, I was turning over another plan in n y >wn mind. " Instead of tak.ug the boats," quoth I, " why should we rot take the ship r" At this they all started, and reminded me that we were but four men, whereas the Spaniards might well be a dozen ; and they had dogs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Le Pieard, in particular, professed a groat horror. " Look you," quoth I, " this is my plan. Yesterday the Spariards were hunting ashore, and to-day it is veiy like that they will renew their pastime, leaving, perhaps, only one man, or perhaps not even that, to take charg of the schooner, ior you sea mat sin- is moored very safely, and with her bows pointing down the creek so as to be ready for a start. Xow, look at her rinsing: see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsail* can ba set merely by letting go tho brr.iis, running aft the sheets ; i'or y-jii observe that tho gait's are already hoisted, therefore tiis schooner is ready for sea. No'.v I knew, i.i a general manner, the uircctiou of the cove below. It runs for a little way parallel to the coast and then turns to the right, and so opens up into the sea. What is there to prevent us boarding the schooner when she is left almost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrying her away ?" They all applauded this design, and the more we talked of it the better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as well as easy to manage. Besides, the greater length of the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when we had passed the elbow, anl came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our ste'is for 6uch a slice of eood luck. a a in many other adventures, tne firs, cand most difficult duty which we had to perform was to wait, so we ensconced ourselves in thick bushes, where we could see without being easily discerned, and watched the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. The sun was above the horizon about half-anhour, when a man issued from the cabin, and tapped the deck loudly with a handspike. At this summons the sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloodhounds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching themselves from their warm nests. The man who had wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for he went below, and presentlv the crew had their breakfast, wr lich they ate on deck—a couple of bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this'we observed with great delight a number of mnskets and pistols brought on deck, at the sight of which the grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we called him then, appeared again; and after a long discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round and handling the arms, the bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff—my skiff—hauled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore The captain then seemed to be giving orders to one of the crew, a stout fellow, who wore a great striped woollen cap and hai^ a long unsheathed knife in his girdle, and then the whole party, excepting the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat, the bloodhounds leaping' in along with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of the creek. The Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without including a boy. whom they had with them, and of course weighed down the skiff until her gunwale was almost at the water's edge. We were for a little time in some perturbation, lest they should chance to come our way. We heard them shouting, and laughing, and crashing through the boughs, as they made their way np the steep -banks of the- creek, and then the boat came floating down again to the schooner, with uie boy paddling her. Meantime, the. man with the striped cap had ' disappeared in a little cook- house or caboose, from the funnel of which a smoke began to rise; and the boy, having made fast the boat, went aft to the cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, which we nad seen carried thither, empty. Now, as we had seen but one man come out of this cabin, and as breakfast had been served there for two, we considered that there were three persons left in charge of the ship, but that one- of these was probably sick or; disabled. While we were making these observations,"the reader maybe sure that we also listened attentively, in order to find, out in, what direction the hunting party had proceeded; and presently, hearing snonts and the reports of guns very faintly, and gradually becoming more so, until they were no longer audible, we congratulated ourselves that the hunters were out of the way, and that so far, onr task would be easy. The next point was, bow to get on board the schooner so snddenly and so quietly as to leave those in charge of her no opportunity of giving an alarm. First we thought of swimming, but the Pieard was not skilful at this exercise; and, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nicky proposed to swing ourselves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed to the trees; bat, on close examination, we found the banks so precipitous, that it would be very difficult to make our way to the ropes, without giving an alarm. We were thus in considerable perplexity, fearing onr scheme would miscarry in the very outset, when I observed a means whereby we might, although at some risk, accomplish onr end. I have said that the cove or creek was so narrow that the branches of the great trees, growing in the rifts of the rock on either side, met and interlaced, and from these branches hung perpendicularly, like great ropes, many long tendrils or withes, very tough and strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, depending from a stout branch, swung close by the fore-topmast head of the schooner, dangling indeed to the cross-trees. I pointed this out to my comrades, and they all agreed that it would be very, possible to clamber out upon the bough, and slide down the withe into the rigging; but that the deck must be clear when we made the attempt, otherwise we could not fail of being ^discovered. It was fortunate, therefore, that the man with, tbe striped cap continued in the cook-house, where we heard him clattering amongst pots and pans, and concluded that he was preparing a. meal for the men ashore. But, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinner, one never knows who may eat it. The boy remained about the deck for some time, but at length went into the cabin, and, staying there, we concluded to make the venture. Fastening our guns across our shoulders, we again shook hands, and vowed to stand by each other to the death. Then we crept cautiously along, until we came to the tree from which sprang the great branch, which we looked to be the first stage of our journey to the schooner's deck. This tree grew about a fathom beneath the edge of the rook, but it was easy to swing ourselves down to it, by the matted vegetation, which clung to the face of the stone. Then, one after another, we crawled out upon the bough, which shook a little, but bore us bravely. The schooner was now right below, and not a living thing stirring on her decks. I was the first man, and Nicky was at my heels. The Indian came next, and the Frenchman brought up the rear. All of us whites being sailors, the feat was not difficult; and as for the Mosquito man, he could climb like a cat. Having satisfied myself that the withe was well attached to the bough, I first twined my legs round the former, and then grasping "it, slid easily down, until my feet feet touched the crosstrees ol the Spanish schooner, and in a moment my comrades were clustering around me, no alarm being as yet excited. After pausing a moment to get a firm grip of the stays, I gave the word, and the whole four slid like lightning down the ropes, hand over hand, as sailors say, and came with a great bounce upon deck together. The Pieard instantly leaped to the cook- house, and the Spaniard coming out at the same moment, the Frenchman dealt him a blow with the butt-end of a heavy pistol, which flung him backwards, quite stunned, upon the deck, while Nicky and I ran to the cabin, meeting at the threshold the boy, and a comely woman, very dark, and with the blackest eyes I ever saw, who directly set up a great shriek of dismay. But Nicky and I, pointing to the cabin, and drawing forth pistols, made them understand that they must go below, and be silent, as they valued their lives. The t'bov slunk back directly, and the woman turned to a livid paieuess, and, swooning away, would have fallen down the ladder, but we supported her and laid her on th° c-abin floor ; then, direetly running on deck, we shut down the hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment; and, seeing Le Pickard and Blue Peter cutting the warps i'oriva.rd, we drew our knives, and working with good will, soon severed the tough piles of hemp, aft, and the schooner was unmoored. We waited a moment with great impatience, to see if she would drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up the jib, and slackened tho brails of the mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the sea breeze had not yet set in, or if it had it did not reach us in the depth of the creek. We therefore flung a long line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and Blue Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for the elbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Le Pieard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw , that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth and breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and the warp upon which we were hauling slackened. The schooner felt the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her in close by the starboard shore, which, when we turned seawards, would be the weather side of the cove. The mingled trees and rocks seemed to glide away from us. I looked over the side, and saw the bubbles rippling in the transparent water; and as I lifted my head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began to meet the lazy swell. The elbow, or turn of the creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rocks. Therefore I ported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, and just as we slowly opened the corner I put the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout together as we saw, at the end of a short rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. Bnt we were not out yet: almost immediately' on rounding the point of the creek a gnst of the sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on the leeward side. The Frenchman exelaimed that we must take to the boats after all, but Nicky answered him, " Yes—bnt only to carry a warp to the rocks at the mouth of the crew !" No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here the surf was beating, violently, coming with great lashing surges round the corner of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more than a fathom with every undulation of the sea. Here was a jagged pinnacle of rock beaten by the waves, which every now and then burst right above it; over this the Indian with great dexterity cast a loose hitch of the line, while we on board, running to the schooner's bows, hauled upon it as before. It was lucky for ns that the seabreeze only "blew np the ravine in uncertain puffs, and that the place was full of counter-currents and eddies of air, which first filled our sails one way and then another, as we heaved and rolled upon the broken swells which dashed from side to side of the channel. We worked at the waip like desperate men, as, indeed, we were. Every now and then a sudden toss of the water would fling ns back; but then the counter reflection of the seas from the opposite wall of rock would jerk us forward, and we soon found that we were gradually making onr way towards the mouth of the cove, keeping so close to the weather side, that every now and then the maf(t8,'when flung over 19 ?tarboard, rattled ambng'the bushes Overhead, and sent down showers of leaves, which' would fly in uncertain whirls and dives amongst the rigging. At lastj the decisive moment came. In a minute' we would be hove upon the leeward entrance of the cove, or be ont clear at sea. I ran again to take the helm. L? Pieard and the Indian, running to the weather fore- chains, grave a last surge upon the line by way of a launch. The schooner's head plunged into the trough of the sea, not a fathom from the rocks, and as she rose—her bows drew beyond -the shelter of the cove—the full blast of the sea breeze caught her jib—and her head swung again to leeward. " Help her with the foresail, comrades :" I shouted. They had anticipated 1 me—the Indian letting go the brails, and then helping the whites to draw aft the Bheet. The sail surged and flapped so as to shake the schooner to her very bee!, and the great sheet - block jerked madly to and fro with bounds which would have dashed 'through a strong wall. But still, though they could not yet master the canvas, the schooner was not insensible to its lifting power, and I felt her, as she rose with her broadside to a great clear sea, gather way, and start as it were from under me. There was just a moment of terrible suspense. The masts bent to leeward until their trucks were within a couple of fathoms of the lee promontory. Ton could almost leap on the great rough masses of wet stone which lay close a-beam, and then in a moment the schooner rose to another sea, all three sails now bellying to the wind, and once more hove clear of the land, although I saw through the clear water a glimpse of reef under our counter, which the keel must have scraped, and although* the head of the mainmast actually tore away the projecting branch of a great prickly bush which was waving and dancing in the wind. We were drawing our first deep breath after our peril when I heard a great shout above me, and, starting round, I saw between me and the sky the figure of a man standing with a gun upon the very verge of the precipice which formed the line of coast. He directly fired his piece, and set up a loud outcry to his comrades, three or four of whom directly joined him, and fired a, volley at us, whieh did no damage. So we jumped up on the taffrai) rail, and waving our bats gave them a loud cheer, and told them that if they wanted their schooner, they might swim after us, and then we would consider the matter. Thsy made violent gestures, but the sea breeze blowing so freshly, carried back their voices, and we knew not what they said. Carrying on as Ave best could with our ill-set sails, until we had made a good half mile offing, wo Lified the schooner up into the wind, and with some trouble, crot the canvas properly extended; then putting the helm hard down, we got the jib-sheet to windward, and eo lay to, dancing and surgiug merrily upon the tea. ITO BE COXTTXUED.) 