TES ¡IA0AZIAS8 FOB NOVBUBSR. . m .-_??! The magasin» which will be most interesting for Australian readers, especially if tbey ara politi- cians, is the UniUd Servie* llagatine. Two writers, Major Clarke and Major-Genetal Strange, attack the problem of Imparial Federation from the purely naval and military point of view. The first argue that if the Australian colonias were to cut themselves loose from England they would be finanoiaUy ruined in ease of war. Leaving the other colonie* out of the question, New Zealand baa an anneal export trade of £9,340,000, of which no -a* than £6,600,000 goes to tbe mother country. It ii by this trade that New Zealand exist*. It i* thns that aha pays the interest on her debt. Destroy thi* trade and ah* i* financially ruined. She cannot pay in »peel*. If the repudiate*, who will lend her another farthing f Only tue Imperial connection and the guarantee provided by the great navy uf England have enabled the Australian colonies io borrow en cheaply the large sums with- out which their rapid development would have been _ino-ible. The trad* of the mother country with the Atutralian colonie* for»» a small fraction of the vast total ot her commerce; bnt to thoa» colonies it ia tbe very life-bluod. Their principal-al moat their only-market* are within the bound» of the Empire, and new markst* are not easily created. Neatly the whole of their export* might be eon*idered contraband of war-would undoubtedly be *o considered by any belligérant by whom advantage could be thua obtain*- Aasin, the »hip* which carry th* commerce on which the" whole prosperity of these colonia* de- pends are almost entirely British, and, a* »uah, liable to capture or destruction, unies* traniferred to a neutral flacas operation surrounded with almoit ininperable difflcultie* and requiring a oontidarabls time. General Strenge aeenta other dangers. To him it Mema certain that, without th* power of England bthind them, Anglo-Autralians would not be left in undisturbed poueieion of their islsnd, tappo*» Australia adopt* the "cut the painter" policy, declaring har independence. In the face of the earti-hunger that pervades the armed, nations of Europe, in whoa* (acming workshops,' on whose partially worn-out farms, every able-bodied man has been a trailed »oldie» and Is *tiu enrolled a reaerviit, the tbougatf ni Auetralisa must have «rave doubt* as to whether fata golden continent would be allowed to grow in pea«, snmoleated, until th* population waa tan times lerjtir than it j*, to enable him to defend it- He ia conicioui that the sum total of the wealth of Aue tralla, divaled by the present population, show* that they are the richest and the most ufémosle** people in the world, without au armv, navy, arsenals, or ammu- nition *u_ci_t for a week'» fighting. He anticipates the timo when Germany will absorb Holland, and may then attack Australia from New Gaines. Hsd federal union been established, sa it would have been on the aerloua demand of the colonies, instead of their ill-advised vapoaring «bout independence, the oeaaion of Nsw Quines would have been aa impoi*ible as the cession of the Isle of Wight. Tamre ia no use trying te canoes! from onraelves the fact that oolonial etatesmea and soldiers (end there are already a few colonial soldiers) realise the fact that the larger portion of New Guinn, bein« German and Dutch, give* a base of operation» to the strongest military power in the world (rapidly becoming a naval pawer) upsn an Uland larger than Great Britain, ae olese to Queensland a* Liverpool i* to Dublin..The Dutch have 30,000 Sepoy* ia Java and «hair Indian ponesston*. when tlev are under the pitlulhauii, bow long will it be before Genau inn nance work* it way on to the un- occupied continent of Australia f The two articles, no doubt, demand serious atten- tion, but it strike* u that tome of General Strange1! spéculation» are rather wild. He supposes, for instance, that the Bustiniia may conquer India, and tun invade Northern Aattralia with an army of Sikhs and Afghans. Surely it will be time to guard aga-at such a danger when it beco-tit even distantly probable. The etory of a " Bride from the Bush " is ended in this number of the Cor-MU. It hu been novel in idea and brightly written, but the Australian girl pourtrayed In it ia too improbable. No woman from the "bu»h" or anywhere, ela» could possibly has» ehown tub want of taeV This number is much taken up with «oology. There it a good article on the flight of birds, and a better one on the fiaba» of the ocean depths. Wa have received the Ant number of the Jsrfer ._tionol Journal ef Bikia, which promu** to bo a somewhat important addition to periodical litera- ture, Betide* thee» from England,1,contribution* are expected from Germany, America, and Den- mark, and evan from China and Japan. The num- ber before us oontains an admirable art-le by Pro- fessor Sidgwick on » The Morality of Strife.'' The main attraction in LongwtaWs JfofaiiM ii au article by Dr. Fridtjof Nansen, who it about to make one more attempt to reach the North Pola. He intends to utilise the current which he believes and, indeed, almost prove*-to exist from the out coast of Siberia te the oowt of Greenland. This current, ha thinks, pama very near the Pola itself, He hw resolved to make ihn attempt in a »mell veeaal of not more than 300 lons, and so shaped as te be able to weist-or rather elude-ice pressure, He calculate* that it will take bim about two yura to drift with the ice from open water to open water. / Harper*« this month raaebee a higher literary standard than Amerioen mag-in»a wally do. ll«inb»*^kloonC)e_io_i»(''0«Italy',)b(v Kr. Charl** Dudley Warner, a poem by Mr. Julian Hawthorne, and _ »ketch etory, "A Halloween Wraith," by Mr. William Black. In the Century there is a very interesting and beautifully illustrated artiole by John Bidwell, the pioneer of the first Californian emigrants in '41. Another notable contribution is one by Mr. W. W. Rockhill, formerly of the United States Legation at Pekin, who describes his journey through parts of Tibet never visitad by any other European or Araerioaa traveller. Mr. Clark Russell's novel is concluded in this number of Chamber»'t Journal. The characters are tho*e of which we ara familiar, and the same young man and young woman walk the "deck to- gether, and pretend in the same way not to be loven at of old. But purely as a story " My Shipmate Louise," is an excellent one. Every incident is un- expected, and leads to incident* more unexpected still. Harper'! Young People and fit. Nicholas may be coupled together. Both are well illustrated, and thoir stories and papers just what children want. Tilt Sun seems to ba taking high rank as a family magazine. It contains a serial story by aire. Oliphant, and many readable and instruc- tiva papers. In the leisur« flour we would point to papen on " The Mont de Pióte " in Paris, and on "Yankee Dodges," but the whole number is u good u usua', which is saying muoh. The article* which strike us most ia the Sunday af Pom* are " Social Life among the Assyrians," "Mr. By-ends, of Fairspeech," and "Cardinal Newman and Scott, the Commentator." The first of these i« by Professor Sayce, and, of sours*, suoh a scholar ha* muoh to tell the unlearned reader. New aerial etoriet an began ia The Girls' Oten Paper, and the number maintains tb* reputa- tion of this magazine. "A Conl Prison,'' by Mr. David Ker, is a nsw story of sdventur* begun in tbe Hoys' Own Paper, and:promisu to b* very oxciting. We also notio» a curious description of Burmese football, Ia the Contemporary Review Dr. Carl Peters gives us, being authorised sa to do, Emin Pasha'* reply to Stanley. It is written without the «lightest heat or animus, and yet it amounts to a serious cbarg* of bad faith against Stanley. According to Dr. Peter» Stanley Ant told Emin that he had brought him orden from the Ebedive to evacuate tbe equatorial provino«, and that he was prepared to enforce those orden by force. Secondly, h* proposed that Emin abould disobey the Khedive's command, and in ths nams of the King of tbs Belgiern hoist the flag of the Congo Free Stat*. Thirdly, h* suggested that Emin should go to Kavirondo, fortify himulf than, and, with In army provided by Stanley, govern under the British Hast African Company. Finally, Stanley got him to Kavirondo, and when be wu completely in Stanley's powsr, b* waa coolly informad that tb* schema oouldnot be carried out without the sanction of the Queen of England. This is ths snbetaaos of a remarkable artiole which, if founded on fact, shows that Stanley wu a traitor to the Khedive, to tbe King of the Belgians, snd to Emin. Certainly it-will demand an answer. Ina paper on " Colonisation," Mr. Arnold White re- view* certain recent attempts to settle bodies of working-men on unoccupied lands, and com** to the mournful conclution that " that which has been done in ths past by ths English, snd that which is feasible to Germans in South Africa, and to Scandi- navians in Minnesota, is now a most diffloult and heart-brasking undertaking, owing to ths dsgsneraoy and comfort worship of some* of our labouring classes." If, however, the emigrants an carefully seleoted then may be success, u in tbs cue of the Tennyson colony in South Atrio», of which Mr. White give* an account A strang* artiol» in " Illusions in Religion," by Dr. Abbott, sums to imply that religion ia entirely subjective, but it is diuicult to see what the writer really mean*. Mrs, Josephine Butler*» article ou " Mrs. Booth " (of the Salvation Army) should be read, bat the re- maining papen will only atrraot readers in England, BUbop Barry writu in tb* Nineteenth Century on " Ths Loyalty of ths Colonies.' Hs believes that federation will come sitar a tims, but-beyond rejecting the word " Imperial "-does not commit himself to any details. The gist of the paper is contained in the following passage : Ought we not, perhaps, to apeak of patriotUm rather than loyalty in the relation of our oolonia* to the whol* Empire P The two feeling* ara probibly inuparabla; they meit, *o to apeak, into on* another. But loyalty ha» in mon of the relation of aonship ; ia jpatriouam there is rather the enthntium of brotherhood. Aa the colnniei srrnw toward* equality with the old country, may it not be reasonable to look Ms* for wh»t i* auociatea with the old dependence, more for that which aaaerts a right to a plooeiu the Greater Britain, m in sacrifie«, so also in independence and power F Loyalty there must always be to the ¡sovereign, u the head and representative of the whole Umpire ; and snob loyalty 1» felt in the colonie* u at home, and I fully agne with Mr. Bakewell in the wiah that it might be more fre- quently stimulated by royal visit*. Loyalty in a true .erne there will be to the old home itself, not only u the mother country, but u the heart and centre ot the great English-speaking race. But «still I cannot but think that it ia to fra« development of a patriotism not merely local to the colony itself, but national to the whole national body, that w* mutt look for the uniting and inapiring sentiment of the future. There is a deeply interesting paper by Mr. Glad- stone on " Mr. Carnegie's Gospel of Wealth." Mr Carnegie is a millionain, who hu nevertheless som» very radical views about a man's power to dispose of his own wealth. Mr. Gladstone agrees generally in the proposition that charity i* the work of the living, and not of ths dead. Prince Krspet km continue* his charming papen on " Mutual Aid among Animait,'' coming to ths cenclation that nature teach*» this grand lassoo,-" Don't compete ; competition is always injurious to the spsoies, and you have plenty of resource» to avoid it" .Another notable paper is one by Professor Huxley on ths latest theories as to the " Aryan Question." In the Fortnightly Review an three paper* which arrest the attention. Sir Lepel Griffin advance» ths startling theory that-at leut u it appears in Burmah-Buddhism as a practical religion-a religion that is influencing the lives of mankind is far superior to Ohrliitianity. Count Tolstoi, under the thin veil of a story abo at the early Christian«, sketohe* sa anarohio and social itt society of ths futurs. Then again Felix Volkhovsky, who hu lately esoapad frem Siberia, describes his life in Russian prisons, These are the most important articles in the number ; but wa must not pass over Madam* Darmsteter s charming paper on " Bural Life in France ia the Fourteenth Century." Sir Charlot Dilke continues in the Neu Remeto his urie* of article» on " The Radical Programme." This month's paper is remarkable - f sr the calm courage of the writer. He looks coolly at bpgeys towards whioh most statesmen dire not even glance, and find* nothing fearful in them. The future, he thinks, is for the working man. Capital will return less interest, rents will deens**, and vut fortune* will in consequence be mora rspidly divided and dispersed. The time will probably oom* whan many of the rich will cease to uve. The rich have never bean so wtllint to eave for 24 per cent, u the poer in Great Britain, cr the poor in France to uve for nothing, hoarding their money m dd ?tooking*. With the reduction in the rata of iaterwt at which the State and at which the towna can borrow, they will daily undertake more and more duties hitherto not performed at «11 er left to individúala, and State Socialism and Municipal Sodsl ism, becoming cheap, will advene* with Maps and bounds. While the intaratt on the capital of the rich, the rent* of land, trade profit*, and return* from manu- facturing, on the whola, osare***, and wail* ths rich uve leu. the poor will become more sod more educated and mora abl* to make nae of avsvy advantage they obtain. Gnat fsrtunu will be divided, new one* will become mora hard to found, and only a few who personally minister to tot wants of tb* democracy-invento«, e»i and journalist*, highly-*kitl*d surgeons, actor», lingers, and so forth-will grow very rich ; a handful u com pared with the numbers of naman Wings living, in aa organised society. Britiah law, moreover, will not only osase to bolster np great fortune» by primogsniturs, but may begin to imitate llritUh colonial Isfialatiaa, and, by prognssiva taxation, disooorag* their exist euc*. AU this Sir Charl»* Dili* accept«, and svea welcome», believing that thus a high« lif* will as built np in ths United Kingdom and her colonie«. Nor is h* sfraid of _ dîmooracy of working men. The chief fault of Britiah democracy, m dlspUyed ia iU fujl fiwadom in Auitnlla, U bo« that it i* too raab, but rather tnrt it i*too Uotuervativs, sal, sxoest u regard» Stat* action, too little open to new id*»*. But, at leut, Australian example negative* tb* probability of revolutionary movement auetwadtM smong tb« British peoples. Order, and not chao*, Um batar* us, .xoept, indeed, in the swat of nnsncetufal wsr, ajrdnst which we ihonld guard by all means fas otu power. A*r«ward*à^»»*«ttochan**__h» expect a gradual «volution of sooiety from «nindi vidualistto a collective »Ure, and ona »oojmpljhed without danger. Next in interest is a pspsr on "Tb* Snffsrings of Bassina Bxiles," by Fslix Volkovsky, Ha gives s aomewhst a*w tí*w of the matter. Fortunately hs himself did not experisnos thou Iwshh which ha*» bean recently described in tbs CsaHtry, sad which hs sdmiU exist, «ad y*t ha bas ratsutvsd from bis .ills broksn down in mind aad body. Wh*tUit,thenf What is it that assku a Rusias "Dolitioal" ssiurabla, «wtm if hs do koot safir from phwioal privation«? To tais I will twswsranbatl t*tfngly: U1» ths fesling of^* complet* i^sndsnes anoatlM «bim* of *vsry official to whom one Is «ab iectöd: it Uth»txm*oiou*a*uUiUeoeta*bo«d*l*ve olivary ewuUw*«ria« a Stat* tmtfom. u4 thU otu most put np withdlbJaeaprteaa, sabas«! to Ms arro- gance, and endaniotwHstalMstby Mmumetimu oat * THAookisef »^»risstoUin^ the reader fully comprehend what M. Yolkovsky meant. General Booth write* on hil departed wife, but does not add much to our knowledge of her. A thort paper by Cardinal Manning ou "Indian Child Marriage»" is noteworthy. He spurn* with lofty oontempt the notion that the English Government need fear to stop auch m»magee-" Our power it the meuure of our duty." In SerioneV* Ifojoiine "A Tusk of Ivory" it a very graphio description of savage life in Equatorial Africa.- It ia by Herbert Ward, the African traveller. Another good article tells of the first trip-and a vsry perilous voyage it vu made through the " Grand Canyon of the Colorado." Two sonnets on the late Cardinal Newman by tha aged Iri>h put, Aubrey de Vere, and by Inigo Deane, one of the Cardinal's pupils, are strikingly above the average of magazine verse. A short .tory called "Dr. MatinalUmu" is repulsive, impossible, and, wont of all, exceedingly dull. Temple Bar is very good indeed this month, A paper oallid " Beminisotno» of my Time at Oxford " abounds with good itories, one of whioh we must quote: They used to tell en absurd «tory about Jowett. Thoa* who read the ThoEotetica of Plato considered that Dr. Jowett possessed a kind of maientio powor in bringing to birth the faculties of younsr men. If he asked an undenrmdaate to take a walk, it was auppoeed to be with the Bocratiu desiarn of developing hi» intel- lect by a prooeii of March. Ont- day he invited a pro- mising young man of Balliol to take a wtilk. with him. Accordingly the two sot forth on tbelr expedition. No word of wisdom-or of onwlidom-dropped from tho aage during the whole of their walk to lilley. A» they came down to the watnrtide at Iffley, the undergradu- ate, finding the ailence unpleaaaut, fell back upon the weather, and observoa that It wa* rath*r a fine day. Professer Jowett made no answer, and they got bock to Oxford ia dead ailence. A* they re-enterad Balliol the professor turned round to hia-pupil and dryly eaid, " I did not think much of that remark of your*." A There isa biographical article on " Miss Mitford," a short story oalled " The Siege of Sunda Gunge," and a paper on " Were-Wolves." AU these are worth reading, and so are the very clever " Letters of a Worldly Woman." But a ghost story, oalled " Stanley Bipponger's Becital," is altogether ridicu- lous. The feature of the Bnglith Itiusfrafed is au article on Winchester College, by Mr. F. Gale. The writer, though over 70 yura of age, remem- bers avery inoident of school life u if he had just left the place. This artiole is beautifully illus- trated. Mr. Marion Crawford's serial, " The Witch of Prague," is continued, and promise« to be one of the mut powerful of his novels. . There is nothing in Macmillan whioh mils for lengthened notice. " Cyprus after Twelve Years of British Bule " and " Bomen Vcntimiglia " are the most noteworthy artiole«. In the latter au account is given of recent disooveriee whioh illus- trate the time when Paganism vu waning and Christianity beginning to take ita place. In Th* Newbery House ¡lagatine then are paper* which none but those of extreme High Church views can stomach ; but the rest of the magazine is excellent. Dr. Hayman writes on " SU Mar- tin'* Church at Canterbury," supposed to be the oldest ecclesiastical building on English soil. Then we have papers ou " Boolesi-tical Music in Modern Timis," on " The History of Books for Children," and on " Sandstono and Chalk," all of which will be found interesting. 