THE DUMB WITNESS. , A STRANGE STORY. ? CHAPTER XX. ATHERTON" WI2ÎS. After* the trial, Sydney Wharton's spirits>revived wonderfully. He * knew ; the worst and submitted meekly, it. may be. partly from a feeling of utter despair. But there was no mistaking the change; he vas more cheerful and contented ; he had made up his mind to face death and "' was quietly preparing to bid adieu to the world. , > He had no hope of pardon or reprieve, .nor did he cling to life with that desperate | tenacity so characteristic of the human race He had but one sorrow now-one great .grief that oppressed him heavily. Elsie had paid him a visit, the day after his conviction, and the sight of her completely unnerved him. The meeting between them was too sacred and painful for des- cription. Standing in the .shadow of death, tho true state of his feelings to- wards her could no longer be doubted. His affection for her, springing at first from respect and gratitude, had grown into a passion of the warmest and truest -his greatest earthly consolation,and the: last golden link that still bound him to this world. But where was Miss Blessington in this hour of trial and suffering ? Had she no word of sympathy or commiseration to offer to the man whose prospects, she had indirectly blighted, and whese ruin she . had completely wrought ? , Not a word, not a message, not a line from her ever came to that dismal prison cell. The passionate remorse that racked her soul the evening she learned of his conviction from the perusal of Atherton's . telegram did not last. The next day Miss Lula -as her own gay and smiling self again. Yet, even in her gayest moment, a vision of that solitary prisoner in his silent, gloomy cell would arise to haunt . and harrow her troubled soul. She conld see his weary eyes fixed upon her witt : grieved and reproachful.expressioh. Time : and again she awoke from a horrid dream in which she saw him arise from his grave,, wrapped in a winding skeet, and point one terrible finger at her m crushing accusation.' With reckless vivacity she plunged into all the revelry of the season, seeking te rid herself of that tormenting though*, but, HkeBanque's ghost, the vision woulc not down. / Atherton was her censtant attendant. No gallant could be more ostentatious- o: devoted, and though public opinion wa¡ very severe, ia fact merciless, as to hi morals, she ignored these considerations, br rather, in a reckless spirit of bravado, faced them witk proud indifference. Shi was net unaware that his habits wonk xnot bear a close analysis, but she fondij and foolishly hoped that her marryinj him would transform him into a ne\ being. Once hers, she would put dow] her dainty slipper and say-thus and so She would apply herself to the pleasin¡ duty of reforming him and moulding hin after the fashion of her own heart. Apparently the unhappy prisoner, wear ing'Ont the closing days of his young Hf in silent misery, was wholly forgotten His noble character, frank sincerity, ant unselfish affection were blotted from he: memory. With him, as already noted, a nei passion-warmer, deeper purer-^ha« arisen from the ashes of the old. Yet th image of Lula Blessington that remanie in Ms memory was that of her girlhood' beauty and innocence, when all' that.wa 'holy and spiritual enshrined her as 'in ; halo of glory. For love of her, he had-made the fats mistake of accepting Otway's challenge it waa to retain her esteem he did violenc ., to his conscience ; and for this his dooi was sealed. Was she worthy of th fearful sacrifice ? . ? . Lester Grayfield at length broke tl news to him, as gently and delicately Ï only a sympathising friend possibly coull It would not surprise him to hear of the engagement at any moment. Sydney Wharton was astounded. .NotAtherton,' he dissented.. 'Icn scarcely bring myself to believe it. ' SI knows his habits and his history. ; SI could never bring herself to accept such man as a life companion.' 'Friend Sydney,' sadly returned tl other; 'your faith in Lula Blessington sublime. I envy you for it and regr thatl cannot share it.' , 4 Surely- not that drunken dissipât .sot,''.the prisoner still objected in pe plexed. tones. .'She would not disgra her family and friends,' ^ he, >" assert dubiously, as if wishing ta reassure hu ? self. . \ ' " - ' 4 Women do very Strange" and . tu accountable thinsrs .. sometimes,'- Lest philosophised. * If it be a disgrace f Miss Blessington to marry Atherton, it almost as disgraceful to keep his pompan She puts herself upon his level and lot caste accordingly. However, I cannotfE how her impropriety in this affair reflet upon-' 4 It is more mortifying and humfliati than to be hanged for murder,' broke the prisoner with bitter emphasis, feel it personally as a dark dishonor tl nothing can efface.' 4 You are over-sensitive, my boy ; y should not give it a thought,',chided, friend. 41 cannot see how it affects; 3 in "any way. We are only accountable our own actions. Besides, would it 1 be well to be a little more charitab Remember that from a moral point view the fighting of a duel is not v edifying conduct.' 41 remember it,'was the sad reply,-4j no one will deny that -my punishm . is sufficiently severed But what is hard to bear is the reflection that.it was all her sake and that she was unworthy of sacrifice.' . 4 My boy, yours is the only corni lot,' was Lester Grayfield^s sage rema * You looked upon her Man angel, ; ? you have lived long enough to disco that she was after all, only ordinary c. The discovery has broken your heart, is -thé bitterest humiliation you cc suffer, and you have my sympathy, life is short-too short for vain regr Let us talk of something more hop and consoling. I cannot bring myseL believe all is lost. The Supreme Ci may. grant a new trial, and an appëa the Governor remains, as a last. re Nothing that human effort can accomp will be left undone. Don't despair ! urged encouragingly. 4 Cheer up ; darkest hour is not without , a glear \- hope.' Chesney Atherton was . pressing suit with ardor and industry.. ' ;Ende he was a believer in the "fori» of r adage, 4 Strike while the. iron is hot? was quick to take advantage and was ? slow, to follow it up. ' ¿ .'.* He possessed, too, a suave-and fia v ing.tongue. and to the weak, auscep heart of woman this is perhaps ,th"e : dangerous weapon.. In fact, he woi way into her good graces by judiciouj persistent flattery, knowing, as fae did, the most vulnerable and accessible bastion in the fortress of her affections. One. day he casually mentioned in her presence the unimportant item of careless gossip that the Supreme Court had de- clined to interfere in the eise of the com- monwealth against Sydney Wharton. Profiting by his former experience, he at once changed the subject, as if the pris- oner's fate were of ho earthly concern. The'delicacy was gratefully appreciated, and the pang sent by the announcement through the heart of Lula Blessington was robbed of half its suffering. ' *T wonder if she has - as yet abandoned all hope ? ' .he mused. 'If not,. I had better wait.' 1 The winter days rolled on and the fleecy snow shrouded the bosom of mother earth. The merry, jingle of sleigh bells was heard once morej and the nipping, bracing, air, untainted by miasma or exhalation, sent the warm blood bounding through the veins laden with the enjoyment of health and happiness.' ." " . They were returning from a long drive in the park. : The sleighing was splendid and the ' light Portland fairly flew over the' crisp snow after a magnificent pair of blacks.. The" horses; stimulated by the (natter of' the bella and the frosty air, 'tossed their heads proudly aloft and took the road at a furious pace. V Atherton gracefully held the ribbons and, glancing; at the fair, young lady at his. side, who, with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes, looked beautiful as a vision, . thought he would not" miss his cbánce and^decided to';risk it.<-.]: - . . He checked; lüs'horses' furious pace witii firm hand and nerved himself for the ordeal. "Miss Lula;". he began, " I heard Shackley say down at the club last even- ing that the Governor bas decided not to interfere with the*'coursei of -the hw in Wharton's case. I afc once sent a telegram of inquiry to Mr. ; Griffin and he replied that such was the fact. How; beautifully the soft shadows of the overhanging trees, fall across the roadway." The moon was just peeping above the tree tops and the twinkling stars were peeping forth ,in silvery sheen from, the cloudless vault of Heaven^ ; Miss Lula, in an. absent-minded way, murmured acquiescence. Her , heart was. otherwhere. > 'I have never .enjoyed an evening so much as 'this. I would beCdebghted^-r charmed,' he stammered, 'to have you beside me always.' The young lady gave a little start of well-feigned surprise. * It's coming,' she thought ; 'oh, I fear it's coming !'-that isr she hoped the deci- sive moment had arrived;, and she - all aglow with the tremulous excitement m. cident to finding the coveted :prize within her grasp. ' - / Xula Blessington bashf ully drooped her head and modestly averted her face. She was silent and embarrassed.;,.... ; ." 'It. is time for me to choose a com- panion for life,' the roué resumed, after a pause. 'Ton .may; not be' aware of the fact that I haye.for'some years worshiped I you. in secret^ànd only, refrained from kneeling/;afc^yp^.,:irät.-'sim'^y because I knew my cause was hopeless.' :,A crimson flush suffused the young ?lady's cheeks and sheTwas looking her prettiest. " 'He is;quite wealthy,! Mrs. ; Macey says,' she thought; * I could turn I the.Waipbles green witivenvy.'. : Asurpressed littie'exdamation of sur- prise, a faint, delicious sigh,-and she drew across.her inviting lips a dainty mouchoir to hide her agitation. But shos prudently kept silent. * ' '?-' ' Dearest Lula,' his voice was steady and unimpassioned, "T can enduré thu suspense no longer : I can no longer keep silènt ; I must speak put and know my fate; I have become so attached to you that there is ngw-no happiness for me without you.' ..; ; ?' ' ;. * He is a fake, I know,' the young lady i reflected, ' but I might try and- reform him.' It would be a charitable under- taking, and I know I would -succeed, for he fairly worships me.' -Was-there no good angel at her side to : whisper in her ear a word, of warning. ; * With you as guide and companion, my happiness will be complete-without you Ishidl drift like a rudderless wreck, a prey to every wind - and wave. ' Take me with all my imperfections and help me to amend my; life^-or bid, me begone from you forever.' .His'pleading had grownjnore earnest,' but there was something in his voice that might be understood as an index to the confident assurance of success he really felt. The tone displeased her, but she could not analyse or understand it. '¡' I believe I will risk,'she thought, hid- ing -her face in her handkerchief and drooping ' her head still- lower. * Poor Sydney.' . -At the moment, up rose before her, clear and distinct in the field of her fancy, the figure of the unfortunate prisoner with eyes aflame, a fierce expression of reproach upon his handsome features, and pointing in her face a warning index finger with the prophetic words : j' You will bitterly regret it.' ' Come, Lula dearest,'he urged, taking her hand in his without resistance, ' let me know my fate. : I am abundantly blessed with this- world's goods and will make you happy, if a tenderly devoted i lover can make you so. Darling, will you I intrust your-happiness to my keeping ?" ; 'The -dainty gloved hand trembled in his; there was a stifling as if of a sob suppressed, and a barely audible ' Yes,' was whispered feebly. \- The fatal word was spoken. , A terrible lurch cf the sleigh, a crash o' breaking woodwork, a sudden jerk and the lovers were thrown headlong into the heavy snow by .the roadside. The frightened-, horses' reared and plunged madly forward, but Atherton still held the reins twisted securely around one hand and felt as if his arm were being drawn from its socket. . \- (To be continued.) "Hulloa, Bill! Where are yon going in such a hurry? " Why, to Sayers' Crown Hotel, Oxide-street, to have a bottle of that lovely Macclesfield Ale." " Did you ever try it.?*;-?'** k'\ Well- come along with me, it.& the'best drink'I'hare had. in. this town." *. All right, my hoy. I am with you."-ADVT 