Miscellaneous Items. , .The Bev. F. J. Nance, MiA.r-This gentleman, who was recently appointed to the position of president and head-master of the Methodist Ladies' College, arrived in the colony on the 24th ult. and conducted the service at the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday morning. The rev. gentleman selected his test from the 22nd verse of the 15th; chapter, of the 1st Book of Samuel, ' JBeaoia, u- ooey is Better tnan sacrifice.' The preacher said1 that tho judgment of the. Amaleki(;e8, recorded in the chapter was a remarkable instance of the omniscience of God. For 400 years He had kept silence on the matter, , and yet when the right time came. He' executed judgment upon them, and from ' that they could realise that God's word was alwayB sure to be fulfilled. If they found a Com forting word! in the Bible, or if the denun ciation of sin, no rmatter how.: prevalent, .was found, each . was sure to be , fulfilled, although there seemed a long waiting time. In the subject before'. them* Saul, thought he Knew better than God, what would be acceptable to Him; but it was trao then as now that nothing higher orbetter could be offered to God than obedience'to His 'word; It was possible' for a man to set himself against i God's' will and to prosper, but such' a course always led to sorrow in the end, like the ghost of Sing Duncan that haunted Macbeth in the days of his greatest success. Men instinctively offered to God the best they had;, in olden times that had led: to1 human sacrifices, but. God taught .them through Abraham that 'such were , not' 'acceptable; then they 'offered things' of. monetary value. In the 'fulness of time God sent His Son to teach. 'to men the lesson conveyed in the text, that the most acceptable sacrifice was' loving obedience.1 A parent would rather have the obedience of his child than the most costly gift. Men classed duties as great ^and small, but in the eyes of God all duties were equally important. Perhaps some o£ those present entertained the_ wish that God would define their duties, day by day, as He did with Saul in the matter under considera tion. They think that under the circum stances it would.be easy to do right, but as it was with them they felt perplexed. Heally, God did guide people, and when the path seemed doubtful He always cleared it in answer to prayer. If they only submitted themselves to His will they would always find the path of, duty clear before them, and then their Christianity, as it should, would influence the whole courae of their lives. In conclusion, there was one.com torting thought, that God not only defined the path of duty, but provided strength for the fulfilment of it; ' ? : 