TRAVEL, THE PERILS OF CHAMOIS HUNTING. The: thousands of tourists who hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and expectations as to the /wonders and rarities ■which the Swiss Highlands will offer them; AmoJlgst these is the expectation cf seeing-, and perhaps hunting the cbamSifi. Of all expectations, tiiia is the one least likely to be fulfilled. Few tourists, even among Alpine climbers, have seen the chamois in his native haunts. The swift'footed antelope of the Alps still •Wafideis over tiiein in larger cr smaller lie&lSj; IjUt only the m&a; -who Is abie to climb, 1ip the precipitous rock walls -with upflmcliing courage, and muscles of iron, ,aid lias iio fear Brbeiiia' attacked by giddi ties3 ft iiSii S&ated; across a rOck saddle with a precipice several thousand feet in depth below Jiiiri; can tbasdnjibly hope to see the beautiful chiiiials grazing oh 5, trnfr&w; strip of grass, and admire the sentinel doe, as it looks sharply in all directions, in order to sniff the apptbiichirig danger .miles away, and wSpi its cBmpp.hiojis bj: p! shrill whistle, rescmblisg a robu&Ts; sigiial; Should,' however, this sentry notice him, the -whole herd speedily disappear like spectres, unless the locality and chance compel them to dash iuad'^ along, tho lipids of ice. The causs b? t-lili is iliat taSHbtt iii^Tbrabljr pursued the graceful animals -which, so late as the beginning of this century, animated the more accessible mountain crests, that they are now driven back to the most savage solitudes, and live in the vicinity of tlic eternal show, save in-winter, when they seek a shelter from the intem perance of the vcallier in forests lower down the inbuiiiniiia. When day is breaking, or the moon is shining very brightly, the chamois will descend from the mountains niid seek more convef-icKt pHsthvagi:; tnsugh ilj ib al-frays at a spot surrounded by rocks. From 9 to 11 o'clock tliev eniov a siesta, but at mid day vend their way upwards again, and repose till about 4 o'clock in the vicinity of the glaciers. The active animals are re markable sportive in autvtmii and early •winter, when they frolic aljOUt tlie most ' dizzy prccipices in'wild delight* throw each otlier down in turn with their horns, and i go through the tribst arousing sham fights at : spots where tlie nearest relative of the clia icois—th e splendidly climbing Albino goat— < dares nJJt venture: At tiife jiihsfc Ui8cti&5Sri>te : grass piSts or the steepest peaks, or on the < ledges scarce a foot' wide, which wind along ' the side of precipices; the antelope of the mountains inovos w.Uk an end grace and elasticity df the sinews which border on the fa.bulous. Active, gracefully built, ] and with a sensible look, the ' chamois, i which is dun-coloured in summer, and nearly 1 black in -winter, with its curved and brilliant i polished horns, is surpassingly beautiful; j its muscles become elastic and stiff as steel ; springs; ftnjl, riviiUing this windifr spegd,it " bounds with glorious leaps ovfer.abysses and j icfe; once ii ravi,ne an the Mon,te Rosa, wliifch a Hliftbib'S had cleared it f leap, was : measured, and it was foiind to life twenty- : four feet in. width. The scent of the < chamios is as splendidly organized as its : muscles and sinews; it sniffs the hunter standing to windward for a$ enormous i distance, ana In such & case behaves iai : more restlessly than if it really saw him. 1 If a chamois in its flight dashes against a i rock, and fijids that it can .neither advance i cor retreat, it dse§ not stab" loiig iiitdEcidedj i but measures i3ife distance to the next ; station with rapid determination, attempts ' an impossibility, and a bound into the : abyss, where it is smashed to atoms, is the ' end. If a hunter be the sole obstacle in its : return path, it darts back with the speed of ' an arrow, and the hunter is forced to lie : down at once Oil his stomachy unless he : wi=h .to bft toppled over the precipice by the * infuriated animal. If he does sb, however, : the chamois quietly leaps over him; Evfin in : falling, the sensible aniihel does pot lose its presence of mind, and if in the middle of the : drop it notice a projection in the steep rock < wall, it bends its body into a curve, during : the fall, in order ti> reach the pi-Gjec'dbii, ana ' is teqtiently successful in escaping. Such is the nature of the animal which • men follow to its last hiding-place along dizzy paths, often overcome it in spite of ' it3 wonderful qualities, its tretnefadoiis < pace, timidity, and cunning, and carry as a < good prize.down tb the valley;but m the i end they almost always iose the stake they ' most constantly risk, namely, .their life. ' Thus the two most celSbratttL chamois hunters lii Giariis,—l)avid ZrickiandKasper Blumer, — after killing many hundred chamois, fell victims to their almost demo niacal passion, for the chase, in spite of their ^ astounding coolness and skill in 1 clihAing. The lirst was missing for six- : and-thirty -weeks, and no one knew wli ether : the powerful man was still alive. At length i his skeleton, gnawed by vultures and foxes, was found on a slope of the steep Auern Alp; He must have suffered frightfully, fof, judging ffam a broken foot, and the spot : where Tiis body was found, lie had dragged ■ himself a long distance after his . fall, and had perished of hunger and cold, after firing signals tj£ distress. Blumer fell over an enormous precipice on the Vorder Glar nisch, and his mangled corpse was not foundtillthefollowingsummer. Myreaders are probably familiar with the stbry. of the 1 Bernese httnter, who fell through a hidden crevasse on the mucli-freqUented Grindel wahl glacier, but reached the dry ground without any injury, and passed with indes cribable difficulty through a hollow formed iu the glacier by a running stream, till he reached the edge of the ice. But such, for tunate escapes ate raie, and it lias fre quently happened that a man who has fallen through a crevasse has been com pelled to wait for hours, ay, for days and nights, till his companions succeeded in restoring him to daylight by means of ropes and sticks. More fortunate than the majority -was the notorious chamois slaughterer, Marcus Colani, of Pontresina. This strange and dangerous man, who had seized on an enormoUB hunting-ground, into •which no other hunter cared to venture, and in which lie kept entire herds of half tamed chamois, had killed, when he reached his sixty-sixth year, no less than 2,800 head of these aniinais, a number never attained by any other hunter beforte to after him. This prince of hunters died quietly in his bed, although his death was brought on by the fatigue of a hunting expedition. The dangers to which I have alluded are not, however, the only ones which menace the hunter in liis daring expeditions. The most formidable enemy of the hunter is undoubtedly the fog, which, at times, suddenly surrounds him -when he has readied the highest glacier ground, and through its extraordinary density does not allow him to see an inch before or behind him. It is an awful position for a man to be obliged, to grope Iiis way along a patli scarpe a foot broad, over a yawning abyss, or avoid the crevasse, treacherously covered by show, on the extensive glacier. It is literally a wall along the narrow line of demarcation between life and death, and it requires all the coolness and skill of these men to escape from such dangers. As a general rule, however, they seek a more secure spot, and, after fastening themselves to a rock, by means of the rope they always carry with them, so a§ not to roll over the precipice, they pass the night in the im mediate vicinity of the eagles and vultures. It is a very cool bivouac, though, for after the supper of soup, which the hunter has prepared in his iron pot, he is often com pelled to protect himself against being frozen to death by walking up and down for hours, or carrying a heavy stone back ward and forward. The following adventures, which I do not think have been before published, will supply further proof of the dangers to which the chamois hunters are exposed:— " I went," the ex-chamois hunter and ex cellent guide, Matthias Hefli, of Glarus, told the writer last year, "when I was a lad of fifteen, and without the knowledge of my parents, to hunt chamois on the Bachi Alps. My trouble and my seeking were thrown away; the cunning animals had scented me. I had not been able to get the winaof tlieni, and when I, panting, reached the crest of the mountain, I bad the plea sure of seeing a small herd of five head dashing down the opposite slope as quickly as greased lightning. Such a sight is very disagreeable, and I started homeward, as twilight was approaching, in a melancholy mood. I first went down a place where the crumbling rock gave way every moment under my feet, so that, in reality, I rather rolled down than walked, and thus reached a plateau, on which stood a solitary senner hut, which was a consolation if bad weather delayed my return home. I had noticed the spot accurately as I went up the moun tain, and, from marks of blood and other tilings, I felf; certain that a pig- must liaye i been killed there a few days previously. Unluckily, there was no one in the cabin, and it must Lave been left by its occupants a very little while before, wiiicli is not at all ati extraordinary thing on the Alps. Well, then, as I walked moodily along; and took a peep at the deserted cabia, a flgtire I had never seen before rose iii front of me ill the growing darkness, in wliose round head two eyes glistened like red-hot bullets. The Creattire did not appear to have any Very friendly tiewg, far it was etiil light enough for me to notice the long, sqSvt white fangs which it showed me as a greet ing. I tell you, friend, that was a critical moment, and my young legs began to tremble under me. Oh! laugh away; but I am certain that, under similar circum fitaiieSa, you tmI'M have made the most speedy use df yottr CrganB ttf locomotion. I should have done so too, had n(?t the road to retreat been so murderously steep, sS that t could not hope to make much way; Desperation has made many a hero before how, and so, with, a considerable aihouiit dt tefror,-.! raised mf rifle,- took a carefui alia si ihe breStt (jf the briite, which was still gnashing its, teeth, piflled the trigger, and; lt> arid behold yoh, the beast turned two, ,or three somersaults! The shot,echoed like thunder through the valleys: but I liJid not mtich time to listen to it, for such a frightful yslling was mingled with the echo tha.t my ears still ring with it. Looking neither before nor behind the, I rah past the cabin, down thjs mdunla?jj: likb a .SheSgj, pursued by a viil ture. Only olice ili my lilfe.did .J go down hill so quickly,- and I will tell yoii htrtV presently. When I told the stoiy at home, with a preciously long face, several neigh bours had dropped in, a8 is often the case in'moiintain villages; They all agreed to go to the Alps, the next mottling to see what monstcifr, light of. life I had puffed <#ut; My story, proba.bi_V; fippc'iTSd rather un satisfactory, and only the more afoiiSfid the curiosity of the neighbours'. They started fit d&rbr;&ak;: and what do you think they found ? Close 18 the c^bin lay my game, with a hole in his chest; frozeil stiff; and it was a magnificent full-grown male ljTii that had. probably come to fetch its share of the c'hitterlihg sbiip frfrrn the cabin." " The next time," so my original narrator went on—" the riext time, when 1 came down fr8fn tlie hi &?in tains ttt a greater pace still, was when I started one morning -vrith my brother, who was several years older, to liunt in tlie Vorder filarnisch. There is a slimtsiiifif thei'e, I tell you, which not only mates yoii forget hcariiJg and seeing, but iraws the very marrow Out of youx boner-: ro crawl along a ledge about the width Of cour garter.; du onfe sid&of; yon the smooth, r>fe%8fidieidar p&cibice;, abo'vfe you the bice iky, and then, on j-oiii1 other cid9 and be neath you, the deep, blank nothing, tiiffie Dr four thousand feet deep, that might, under certain circumstances, confuse the strongest head: and if you do begin to feel giddy, it is just as if a ghost were pulling j'ou by the legs, and ycii fail into the gulf without making your will or receiving ibsolutiDth , "Well, I am a Glailiei1, and fcoi I and p& brother trotted merrily along over ilia fall ing boulders; until wfe reached a slope covered with enow, which raii down into a kettle filled with blocks of gr.inije. We had to cross this in order to reach the apposite crest, behind which, again, was a Lavyur.i.to -watcring-place of the chamois. Generally creep! ii^ tip riMrare, like a slater hanging on a church roof,- w6 cliitibcd un dauntedly lip the steep slope on thfe othep Side of the valley; the sharp rocks which peered tiilb $f ths snow affording its a very dseful holdfast every now a*id than. After a, good half-hour's sharp climbing, Vv£ at Length reached tlie top, and took a look round us. Here was a fresh embarrassment; the crest of the mountain consisted of a rock wall at least ten feet high, •which, from the bottom, had looked quite easy to :rOSs. Tills wall, against -which we had really run our nosest rose for some distance ilcng thjfe cl-sst of the mountain, and then [jfeeaine lovrGr &hd; more easjr Jo ctOss. The road to the lower part did riot look very difficult, if we kept, close to the rock -wail, at tlijj basfe tit whitTi tlife paie sunbeams had ireed & ii&rrOw; strip of gfotind from snow. We therefore •walked' cautiously onwards, and increased our pace as the road began to descend. Wfe went, as it vrere^qf ourselves, down hill, through the iust-iike but deep layef Gf stow. All at once, though, a roaring aiid buzzing began iround «ur ears, as if the wings or a thousand vultures were flapping around us. 'Gotid, heavenS! thfe dust avalanche! lteet> yolir head tip, tit Jtiiiwill be choked!' my brother shouted to me, and that was all [ could hear through the infernal row, fctf after that my senses literally left me. My last feeling was as if I were being shot out of a mortar through the air, and then nothing more. When I woke again, it was in consequence of an anything but gentle grasp, by which my more experienced brother dragged me back from the edge of the precipice on 'Which the avalanche, atotisfed by our tiwii mtrrtimeritSj had com fortably landed me in a heap of deep snow* after an involuntary leap of three-hundred Well-mfeasured Swiss feet. It was a very peculiar feeling that came over me, when I at length succeeded in removing from my eyes the show, which •tf'liiried round like fine dust, arid looked down into the bottom less depths. If the avalanche bad been a cannon-shot, only an ounce of powder w6uld have been necessary to send me over the bl'ink to kingdom come," " I suppose your appetite for chamois hunting was satisfied' for that day, did fellow, and that you behaved in the same way as after the glorious shot at the lynx ? " I. said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shuddet at thfe thoiight of his dangerous journey through the air. "Do you think so?" lie replied, in his peculiar drawling way. "When I made that leap I was no longer a lad of fifteen. My spirit bottle, it is true, had been broken to shivers in my hurried journey, but my brother's was all right. After we had beaten the snow out of our clothes as well as we could—which, by the way, was no easy job, because thfe aVaknclie dust holds very tightly together—we both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep, which had been fortunately swept clear, and reached tlie top all right; Two hours iater, a splendid buck was tvritliing on the ground, which my brother had driven up to my gun, and we had every reason to be satisfied with our day's work, in spite of the trifling accident." A few remarks may toe admissible, about j the hunter's equipment. His clotlies are I made of coarse, undyed -wool, and he carries ■with him, in addition to a rifle of heavy bore—conical balls have been proved to be unsuitable—amoderately sized Alpinestoclr, a pouch containing powder, ball, and tele scope, and an iron pot. His food generally consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, which he converts into a comforting soup morning and night by means of the pot. If he is in cash, he takes a bottle of cherry brandy with him also. The hunter pays special atten tion to his shoes, which are made much after the fashion of the hard chamois hoof; they are very strongly sewn, and the soles are covered with sharp nails, so that he may have a foothold on the rocks and ice fields. Ordinary shoes would he in rags after one day of such walking, and not protect the feet sufficiently from injury. From the few cursory remarks I have been able to make, it will be plainly seen that chamois hunting has long ceased to be a sport for gentlemen. Even among the real hunters it is a species of demoniac im pulse, an untamable passion, which, though noble, may be compared with that of pro fessional gamblers; and something far beyond a thirst for gain impels these daring and desperate men so constantly to risk their lives. At the same time, the majority of the hunters are poor men, capable of standing any amount of fatigue, and ac quainted with the smallest details of the mountains. Though we read' in the news papers every now and then thatsome prince or minister has recently made a bold trip through the Bernese Oberland, and been so fo.-tunate as to kill a splendid chamois, I am free to confess that I always entertain modest doubts as to the truth of the state ment. I have on some occasions seen the hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on a chamois expedi tion laugh most meaningly when allusion was made to such success. The chamois hunter is a silent,, and, at the same time, most practical fellow, and need not be ex pected to tell how many ducats he earned by surrendering his claim to the honour of a good shot. If a mail lias a quarrelsome temper, let1 him alone. The world will Eoon find iiim : employment. He will soon meet with some one stronger than himself who will repay I him better than you can. A man may fight duels p.11 his life if lie is disposed to quarrel. 