THE THEATRES, The ceol dry weather of Saturday brought playgoers out in shoals, and the attendance at tho various theatres was excellent. His Excel lency the Gorernor and Lady Carrington, Sir Robert and Lady Hamilton and a large party Jones" at the Theatre Roval, where there was a 'large audience. At Her Majesty's Theatre Mihh Maggie Mooie'g laughable scene at tbe colfcc-staii, whore she " cheeks" Policeman X with her mouth sluifeu full of bread and butter, kept the people in roar.?, and all lhe eongs and dancss were received with onthualanm. The Criterion Theatre was crammed, and Mis9 JaueD Achurch, In spite of thu fatigues of tho uftor- noon, joined with Mr. Titheradgo in a fine rendering oi tho great scenes in "Fedora." At the School of Arts Air. Elarry Rickurds qntur- tnliaed a crowded house with itbo new pro gramme which formed Lhe staple attraction of the evening. There was agaia a large atten dance at tne second matindc for children, and at the present very low charges for admission these afternoon entertainments have every prospect of permanency throughout Mr Richards' season. Air. J. A. Delaoey will conduct a grand vocal and instrumental concert at the New Musonio- hall on Thursday evening iu aid of tbe Sisters of Bt. Joseph's Novitiute, North Shore. Medutnes Christian, Merz, Charbonnet-Keilor- mann, F. J. Riley and Messrs. Clancy, Barrettj Dooovnn, and Harry Leston will assist. The first public ball at the Centennial-hall will bo held to-morrow in aid of the Queen's Fund. Lady CarrltiRtuu (aa president of the fund) nnd an influential committee have tha matter iu hand, and tickets may bo had at aU tbe leading music warehouses. The St. YincentV Hospital annual ball will be held in the Ceiitenuial-hail on Tuesday, Sep tember 10. A dramatic and musical! entertainment was given in the Victoria Barracks Theatre on Wednesday evening lat by the Sydney Amateur Comedy Company, under the patron- uge of ColonelSpiUding, C.M.G., and oflicers of tbo N.S.W.A., a largo .and fashionable audience being present, Tho performance com menced with the comedieLta entitled "Hook and Eye," by Mr. Ellio Norwood, tho various characters being sustained by Messrs. Spears, Ritchie, Lawrence and Mine Belle Kolly. A scene from Humid was next civou (Act No. 11). Mr. Nelson C. Dwyor talcing the part oi Haulst, Mrs. Dvryer that of Queen GerLrndo and Mr, Alfred Spoors tho Ghost. The per- fonnuueo concluded with the comedietta " Bubbles." A concert was gWcn in the Town-hall, Petersham, on Thnrsday evening in nu:l of the widow aud family tlio late ftiunuel M'ClinLock, who wun killed at th>» Potershain station while attcuding to hi official duties. Tha biuticnmafttcr (Mr. Moss Brotwie), together with his 3tu0r, took the manor up, and to tbom is largely due the successful issue of the concert. Alderman Elphintoue announced that £60 had beuu received from the Railway OummitjriouitrH as o gratuity towards the fund. A cheque enclosed lu a letter of sympathy was received from Lord and Lady Carrington. Tho Railway Rlllo Keeeive bund played HeioctiouL' nt Imer- vula under the coud uctorehip of Mr. W. Iogllaa. 