LEONARD ,LINDSAY, on THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. rB ANGUS BB REACH. C!IAPTER VlIII.-(Cocrzxon.c. ) ,With this, mates, Ned Purtis walked aery forward, and pondered long and 4deC. The rest of the crew were whisper ing in roups upon the forecastle, and the tr olJ captain was standing wringing his Lrbe"or the magio boat. So, presentlv, ed spoke to two or three of the men, and they s ook hands with hit and promised to cand by ,him. Then he went down to his tth and took out a great pistol, and care fully eMnin el the lock and cleanrd it; after. wand he opcned his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hsemmered into a round ball, and with it, itesad of a leaden bullet, he loaded the eio! So presently, armed in this fashion, came on deek, the men following him by ones and twos, and marched right to the door of the great cabin. His uncle met him at the door. " What do you want here F' quoth the old man; "take my advice, and let him alone." "No," saps Ned, "I brought him here,' sand I'l make you rid of him;' and eo ear i?r he put the old man aside, and entered the cabin. It was almost dark, but the light from the binnacle came down through the ekylrht, and showel the strange passenger ,:in there, as the captain had described, i;h hs back to the rudder-case. s" Ned Purvis marched heavily in. and the pnt'om, or whatever it was, looked up at 6im. and so they remained for more than a minute starig into each other's eyes. The men were watching them over each other's stearuders at the door. "' Foul weather Don,' says Ned at last, as bold a astee, ' you're more free thau wcl The spectre took no notice. ' ' I hore the rope to you,' says Ned ; 'and I thonght I was doing an act of duty by my fellow mature. But now I hear that there a no living blood in your veins, and that you roam the ocean, bringing bad weather on the mariners you fall in with. That may be true, or it may not. If not, say o., and say who you are. If you be a hipwrecked man you. are welcome here; Lbu if not, men have told me that a silver bullet can wound even a ghost, and if yia do not speak in time, by God, there is a a', chance now of testing the truth of the savin?. Answer !' "'?d Ned cocked the great pistol and levelled at the strange passenger. The fitare never moved a muscle of its wan stir face. '' d ate the dollar and my blessing wit? it, then,' chouted Ned, and he drew the tri.:er. "The pistol exploded, and for a moment the cabin was so full of smoke that they could not see what execution hid been done. ashen the vapour cleared a little oil, Foul-Weather Don was etandin' ai, his stoun eyes giving out their co?l sparkle, more horribly than ever. "'ou gave me your benison,'h"e screeched eat, ' I gave so my malison; and the exc cutors and the tokens of it will follow you night and dar. until either my fate or yoaur be asceompli she. If you do not believre me, so on detk. look over either quarter, and cee if I do not speak sooth.' "These, mates, were the very words of Foal-Weather Don; for I have got all the conversation which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so ledi and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled up on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry; and the first thing they did was to stare into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sure enough they saw the fins of two great blue sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping way steadily with the ship; and just as Ned canme on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in the water, as much as to say,' there yoe are very good: ad here err are.' "To make a long tory short, mates, before midnight such a gale was blowing from the eatward that there was nothing for it bhut to put the ship before the wind; and not only that day, but that week, and for three week after that, did the hurricane, for it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of her course, untilatlength thecaptain aaderew knew that they had suihed from near the coast of Africa to the coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon taIe of, they would be run plump ashore, either on the continent or one of the ilandls. Meanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as before, never roe from the cabin, nor broke bread nor spoke word. Indeed, if he were talka tive, he had no one bhat himself to hold con verse with: for captain, quarter-macter, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul-Weather Don was not the only tiaing which stuck to the ship. Thesharkskept way with her as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could ese them oecasionally, ploughing along in the t?eihs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keepinmg their places as exactly as if they were towing after the hip. Well, all hands got low and mopiah. The old captain was fairly unmanned; and evenNed Pureis, dare devil as he was, began to quail. At last, they knew by their reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sandown, that they were approaching the land, and that one way or the other their fate would soon be settled. So one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching the signs of the sky, and pointing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured clonud which sailors know hangover the land. The weather looked as wild as ever; the scud above flew evren faster than the waves below; and you ahould have seen the tattered look of the craft as she went Staggering along,under arag of anvas,which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed away long are, the hatehways were all battened down. Out of three boats she had carried only one was left, being" stonoly lashed to the deck, wh'le the sea-battered skil of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not so much as a rope yan to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas,. which had been for weeks rolling over and over the decks, so that the men were obliged to lash themselves to ringbolts, and to the Smts, and never could light a fire or wear a stitch of dry clothing. "Weli.,a I was solno, the poor feloews mwndering whore the ship and they themselves w'uld be to.morrtw by that time, when the sea ocen, who were taking their turn at the helm res.e, gave a loud shont, and the ret tuming about, sw Foul-Weather Don Standin upon the deck. "H'e's-going--he's going," whisperedl old COntanu rsvi. e "The Lord bath preecreed i hIhs great goodness." "Well, ?oul-W'eather Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasure island, and then he mounted the rigging all the crer holding their breath and watch ng him-and gae from the maintop long and sadly. At length, he made a srt of motion of despair, Sund canme down to the deck, where he stood wringing his hands. Al at once he turned to Captain Pueis, and motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the sea. In a minute, mates, the ta:kles were m?anned, and they let the skiff go emOoh into the water, with a murge that would have burst another boat Otto staves. But only the devil, mates, eold swamp a craft like that; she re alongside, as light as a well-corkedl bottle. ?'IHsul your wind, when the elements I allow you,' says the Don, quite Thank you for nothing,' quoth Ned RvL. I ould think we would, when ypea have brought usn aocss the ocean -oainst our will. "But thespectre replied nota word, and seemed to glide rather than .to clamber over th.ship'a side intothe boat. When he was faIrly abusa. Ned .Persa bellowed, out, 'Tahe your sharks with you, Foul-Wather ,on; theyare fitter oompanions for you than for Christians.' "But there was no r?ly, and in a minute the phmtom and his boat glced awray from the ship's side, and the I-st thecrew rw of her wra a black speck with a fligrei ait, in the very crest of a breaking ware. Just ?is brthi ,pened, and they were beginning to iath; frel: (one of the men shouted Lm. th?" rua rre enough the next time the. the glo n sea they saw r ht in the ga~se of the settiug nun the ldures coat-line of an island. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that ?fur midnight they had courses and stay-.ils ou the ship, she Iviog-to with her head to the eastnward. You ow, mateis, tht is hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wndd, down sea, so that b sunrise the nest ,ay there was nothir n 'but a oareat rhenth swelt to sho? that a ;atle l adjust swept ac?.,s the wide Atlantic, The tirst thlou Sd earid h h did when he came ek to tak the motlmini watch, was to look over the quartcer, a he coufeld ,afterwards that his heart felt sick when hre saw the tro bltue shirks still along~eide swimmino' close to the surface Tiis other seaman aw the creatures too, and thev looted at Ned, and whispered anoug theniselves. " Well, ryo may he sure that, aftr such a run as the ship hai hoaI orneM the Atlantic, she wontel refitting, and the crvw wanted vegetable food and rc,t: so that when the usual trade wind ctame to blow, and they found from one or two fishing canoes th:at thea were nanonm, the me?t, northern of the s indward Isootan, theyertised about, looking for a convenient beach to laud at, an to refresh themselves. All this time, m:te1, the sh:rks kept their places as steadily. as thie very masts. Ned fdlaed for them in vain. lie erven baiMed the hook with the choticst pieces of pork nod beef aboard, but tihey would not as muchu as push the morsel witth their sanuts. ' No, no,' aid the moe, when they saw this; 'the creatures have their orders, and they obey them.' Then Nedi tried the harpeon, but tho-ihi he had often speared de,rpoeees, and dolhins, the could not make a hit at the sharks ; .either the shia lifted or lurched, or the rireoaa, animals ;glidted aide, or the wrater Ta!l the spear etance ; but, however it was, Ned ronfeseed that he could not Cena s ratch their diingy backs. "" dpo this, there was little but black looks an, e mrmurin words in the ship. mPar old Captain Purvis woo at his wit's end, and the crew although they used to love p?oer Net . now be'an to look at him as though h rewere a Joeas, at.nd Ned knew '" "T:e Cur?e,"a stid the men, 'is followinaus in a visibe s.hape. There can be no good lick far ship. or crew, or carro, with such a co:itie oi teadn.eat, ?ohanirni asitern. 'Wel . Ned tried hard to launh it off, but he could not succeed, and his arguments were ,f as lit:le arail. ' Why, he would may, S:i.y f- jumt ate?.card, messmteso: the o:ceta it theirs ai selil outs, and it a cat tOn. totk at a kin'. I Id.,it see why a shark "u: t-tellh ie aspoke in this tone,. I eon tell yel that Net was ill at ease hinosef. Wel. tii, I.- tai three days, and aill that time thwl wern, cnaint alNutt among the s-Ind, lookling for a piaea which woild be snaug to anchor in, and out of the war of Spauisti ship. Ott the third day, wlci -tlhe ship ans about a league from a 'small tandy ase or :ey, the men notic that the saurks came etoper to her thanever, as if they wsre getting more and more watchful of their pre.This mTde the pot boil over. aod the hatswai and three- ftiarths of the cres went to the tapt ini a body and said that Ned must leave the ship that hour, for that lie was a doomed man and that a doomed man made adoomed ship. There was land rclee to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of waterand proriions, and he miht soon get his passage off in another ship, but whether he did or not he muot go ashorenow. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, but the men would not hear his words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and tays "' Ifessmates, I have brought misfortune an the ship, and spoiled the voyage ; I am willing to land.' "On hearing this, Captain Purr?s wished to follow his nephew, but they wotrld not let hilt bt abset he was the only goovl navigtor thee would have, after Ned went away, in the ship. So, presently, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biecuit, and water, bufilient for two months at least, were put in her, with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig' ging for water. When the boat shoved loff, the sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to them, shouted to his uncle to be of good cheer. for they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of had omens. The toat landed in a little cove. and Ned stepped en shore with his snu in his hand Ttse men laced his previsions and the shovel upon the Ieach, and shook hands with him; and as they rowed back to the ship, theyr gave him a cher for his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. Yrost of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were gnret hanks ct Bahama grass growine, and about a rood from hin there was a little hilt, with bushes it it, and one very old tree at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous binds. cll, he lived here nigh a fortnihit. sleeping under a rock in a osr of cave, which was cool and plea smat, and looking out in vain for a ship: At this time the sharks kept cruising along the shore, and Ned used to amuse himself by tflinging great stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One d, however, having climbed the little hill, and ,at down under the tree, ae ohserveda curious thing. The tree, which mast have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with mss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood tad been rudely fastened, but in sutch a war that, unless you looked very closely, you ould hare thought that easuch wan the natural growth of the tree. But at two tours, or thereby, after noon every day, these teainches c?t shadows aus of six crosmses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Nted observed this that he climbed the tree, and found that the erosos were artificial. Then all at once it trueck him that they were meuant for marks, and then he thoutght that some thing might be buried there, ielt, mates, o he gone for his shorel, and eel to work at once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but he very oeon socred the lid of a groat chest made of ironwood, and bound ith hopsr and clasps of metal. "By all the stars,' quoth Ned, 'abho knews but this is Foul-Weather Don' trea surec he.ot' 'Mateco, I believe it was. lod soon rttcherd thr lid oflh, and there he saw great ?nogas and rough lumps of gol and precious stones. j-t a hyt woere dug up efrom the mines in Cuba and iispanitla by the Idianat tor the Spaniards. The n thyhad lain for, hundred years, andno man the wiser or the "itAha,' ays Ned, 'I wouldfain have you in Englauknd, but what am I to do with you "fhowerer, he mad.e shift to carry the reaith, lump byr lump. down to his cavenear the sea : then hbre ught the box, and rtowed the gold as before, eoerlnog all over with looese sand. TI oery next mornring, mntes, Nes, on awaking, saw a small brk--he did not know what she woal-becalmed, not a mile from the shore, waiting for the sea' breeze. So he mounted arock, fired his gun, aneed a hunaderchief. and shouted. Pro' scarle. a boat pulled off from the bark, and lied e-r' down to the coo- to meet her. There -,re a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, bnt the vessel to which they belone was artier, from one of the large wmndwarld sL l Martinico, I believe. Io Ned told them that ha had been maosoned for strik.ig the quorternaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if ?e y.wo u? give him a i.sngeatL Sov rthturtkis cosulted together, and askel him if ha had wherewithal to pay his pasage. Upon whic Nes, hto -cared nothing at al for motey, tosk them into hi care, ad showd-the tbe tressure.-chlme. . tle sight of it the trtlri rstar as ell they msih:, and mort eadilyagecd to tske of ed andhl gold at once.The three eet to work, ad jweetly the boat wee loaded al·aoe to the waters edg with riches. The turtlert wet about like men in a dream, and they were only roused from a sort sf stuP#d erwildumasat when they rowed the boat out of the cove and found her so heavy that they feared she should be ?aunpeA by the heave of the "'Lord ' says one of them. ' See there; if the boat were to fill and g down. Did you ever see umore fearful monsters.' "And sure Cmough there were Ned's old friends swimming on each side of the boat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the treasunr. However, no accident hap pened, and as they neared the turtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coming on bIord with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. '" You may think for yourselves, mates, how the entire crew of the bark, which carried about half-a-dozen men, received their freight. Ned told the simple truth as to how he had got it, and the turtler, imme diately that the ea.1-breeze came, stood away for Miartinieo. the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons, out of men. The big cheat stood upon the deck, and the crew hung round it, and would hardly work the ship. Presently they began to handlo and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or fllung overbuhrd to the sharlks astern, seas to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of turing it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, ani sawore that Ned was an honest man and a good coumrade, and that us he said, so it would be done. But it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and ,aballinr, and onso or twice he observed a man conceal ing a knife in his rnrment, so that the haift came handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks were following steadily in the I wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking I sourer and sourer at each other, and I gradually drawing off into two parties, one I on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remoilstrate with them, and told them that they ought to a take in sail, for the weather looked threaten- . ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking ver- un- t easily to windward. Mates, you have all t seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then. all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud I shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, they drew knives and snicker-seee, and cut and chopped at each other, strug- c gling and cursing over the cheet. Sed saw the bhlsd splash down on the gold, and he ruiheul forward to separate them, crying out, ' Madmen that you are--look out for the hluall firet and fight afterwards.' "But it was tooa late, mates. The sky got t black, and with a loud roar the squall came, s tearing up the sea before it, and in the very centre of the flying foam Ned swore he as w Fald-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant the r blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler r bodily on her broadside. and as she lurched a over, the heavy box of rold fetched away c with a mighty surge. and went aenthiug i through and through the frail bulwark, ant then with a great plunge down to the bottom r of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until a the day when the sea shall give up its t dead! All this passed in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as though relieved by a having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with I a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in c their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces I and limbs. The squall wasover, and the san t burst out; Ned rushed to the lee-beam, r and saw. just where the gold had fallen into the se., the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he knew I well. Sheseeurcanow saturatedandrotten with e water, for the charm was off her. mates; and while Ned gazed at her, she weut gradually I down into the great depths of thesea, and I the sharks sunk out of sight with t her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he I thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, s even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised t the turtlers, who were standinglooking very I like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the I deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings., ut the line ran out every fathom, and the lead touched no bottom. So they I lengthened the cord with every piece of loose I rope in the ship, but the sea appeared un* I fathomable. The gold was sank in a gulf v from which no power of man could raise it; r and so at length, mutually cursing and c blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this. mates, no mariner t has ever seen Foul-Westher Don. Ned a Purvis got safely back to England, and, t as I informed you already, he told this a tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself." CHAPTER IX. THE AIITORn, wn 5L'.Deam Or HI?s COMRniD, C SET OLT TO To tIE CREE WHERnE HE LEFT lIa a niagne, a.-s am?ra nor.tCrL c.r'rEu A rasrsus s TEnoo ns. I Nearly a month pausel away since the I evening on which I listened to the story of t Foul- Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grew very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shiiting our quarters to some other point of the coast,. where we might have better luck. It was then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I faist landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many storiesof I buccaneers putting to sea in bots or canoes, t and boarding and capturing Spanish vssels, e it occurred to me, that it we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we 1 could divide our party between it and the canoe, leaving ample room for the stowage of nrovisions and water for' a cruise. This schemo I imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. We were nine in ' number, well armed, and therefore of quite uflicient force to eapture any Spaninrd, not I a man- of-war, which we were likely to fall in with. It was therefore reslved~' that Le Picard. one of our Frenchmern, Blue Peter, and Nickhy. should start, a.der my gisdsnceas for the core to the westward, and ifi we found the boat, shoul navigate herround the coast to the bay, where the reart of the party would be prepared with provisions and water, ready to stow on hoard. so that, in 1 company wihth the canoe, we could putto sea at once. So time was lost in putting the scheme intos execution. Meinheer, whoaknew something of sail.making, cut out a small square sail or lag, which we were to carry with us, and which would soil the boat, it being easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after we had found her. We also carried a good-sized keg for water, and a small quantity of beef and casava bread, trusting chiefly to on* guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to slen during the heat of the day ; and after an hour's trudge through the wet grass and bushes, which wret quite drenched with the copious dows, passed the spot whore lay the bheraneesr who had been hanged by the Spanin?rd. Truly our poor comrade slept in a tranquitl resting -pace-a spot of greenest glras, with feathery palms over. eade, beedi atndrustlingia the night wind. We stopped trr, when the sun rose, until thbe .aehs abould mst in, watching its comting foss beath a thick mango.-tree, whence we could look down upon the blue ma beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, during which the sun shone with blsteriagpower. Then, far of, on the gtasy'srfge of the ma, Itreaked with whit, which proclaias the daly rtua of the bIrsknth-westerl tr;de through the bhuhi in half a gleof wind. We dinalthis day by the little runnel where I haLd kille the dark, alnd.the travelled n(atil amset, when we enmcampd in our blaketS, well worn out by our long day's march. The joraey to the nave wau fatigning, but performed without any parti- I calar adventure. We eometi?es saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own roasts, and often diving down with a splash into the esa alter the fish, which they mark from a great height. In the afternoo of the pecoul day I reckoned that we could not be far frotm the cove, but the exact spot was difficult to hit, as the geneal appearance of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of naderwoal prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives through the creepeor and brushwood, so as to be able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall to where the great driving swells were rising and sinking upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and pin. nacleof stone; when, having stopped to hold a consultation-for I was now becoming very fearful that we had overshot our mark-we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. This terribly disconcerted us, for we knew that the cove could, not bhe distant, and we feared tha:t the secret of its existence was not known to me alone. How ever, we withdrew into the thicket, where we could not well be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different t ahts around us, and diecoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniarda who were hunting in the neighbourhood. At all events, wenow despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance was that the hunters had landsed in my core, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. While we were talking lowly among ouredves, Buie Peter, the M3osquito-man, suddenly started up on his knees, and told us to listen. We did so very intently, and presently heard a rustling and a snapping of dry twigs in the wood, but although we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. "Tush!" says Nickv: "you are a fool, Peter, and take a wild pig for e Spaniard." But the Indian seized his piecc. cocked it, and suddenly levelling it. fired, before we could prevent hintm. C"Hush:" quoth he, very ea:restly, "hush ! and we will bee safe." "Safe!" said Nick. " Why, if they are Spaniards, they will be down upon us in a twinkling." "No," replied the foeulnet.,-man. "no, no! They shooting all round : thi:k min gun one of their camarudos-eh Y' "The T san is rightl.' said Le Picard. "But what, in the name of the diab!e, have you tired at !" "Meshow voun!" saild lue Peter; and he crawled into the ntderwood so circumspectly that one scarcely hear.l rustle, and pre sently, returning, flung the body of a huge dog among as. "A Spanish bood-hound :" exclaimed Nicky; and we all re-cLnaired the fawn colour, with grim, black muzle. anil the great macular limbs of thie asimal. lst to put all question aside, the creature wore a leatrler collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed the name, " aLanuel it. A.cusms," so it was quite clear that we were sur rounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who oberved the blocl- hoand, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might as well lie close where we were a- attempt to shift to less dangereas quarters, as by moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of death. At last we decided to climb up certain trees, the branches whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first cut the throat of the dog, and scattered the blood copiously around, so that it would ran barraeand destroy the scent c-f any other bound which might pass that way. He then flung the body up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as we suppo.ed for the slain dog, and some other shots were fir, at a distance. However, the sun sank andl the stars shone down through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. Mfaking ourselves as comfortable as our position would permit, we munched oer supper, of which, however, we could eat but little, for we suffered much from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford us a few mouthfuls apiece, but we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden'burst of ex clamation when I recognisced thelittle hill, to the top of which Ihad climbed to look aroltd, after scrambling up the precipitous banks of the cove. I now knew whereabsouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, and taking great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very senur or ravine un which I had crept from the water. It was not easy, how ever, to make out whether the cove acas empty, for the morning was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew tlick below. We proceeded, however, moving in single file along the edge of the reek, which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bashes and pertsitical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered on by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenly struck my ear with which I was too well acquainted to beasily deceived-it wasthe flap of eanvas. Nicky heard it as welt as my-lf, and we all paused. Theland wind was just beginning to die out, and only came in heavy dauk puffs down from the hills. We waited far the next gust; it shook the dew from the branches in a great sparkling' shower, and gave a great rustle, as it were, down the ravine, in the middle of which we again beard the fltap of easnras, and a rattle as of reef po:ut against a sail. Being e-idei by the meund, we proceeded a few tares onwards, and then comin? to a compuaratively clear bit of ground, wecrawled upon our bellies to the edae of the cliff, and through the trees and hoighs saw a small vessel withl two masts, of the class called schooner, beneath. She wasn moord in the veory centre of the corev, very snugly, being made fast by four hawsers, two a-head and two aster, to the trunks of trees growing near the water on either bank. She had two bonts in the waner, floating by her mdin chains, and one of them I innmediately recognised to be the object of our journey. Here, then, was theo vescel to whom the hunters, whose guns we hal heard. evidently belonged; and, indee., without other evidenec, Nicky and Le Picard knew enough about the fashion of those reas to be sure that the schooner was Spanish built, she beinZ, eoasibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, althougi what she did on the ceast here we colidnot well imagine. The question now, however, waa how we were to actP Thinking themselves, no doubt, in ecurity, there was not a asingle man awake upon deck; but several stont fellows were lying asleep on under canvas and tarpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazesd our fit upon the schooner, Nicky asked our opinion asto whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edge. and make off with both boata before the crerw awoke. ut Le Picarsn thought the risk too great. Besides, he argued, when they miss the boata, they can chase us out to sea in the schoner, wher we would infalliblybe taken. While they were talking,. I was tturniing over another plan in ny own mind. "Inatead of taking the boat.," quoth I, '5why sObold-we not take the ship ."• At this tbhy all started, san reminded me that we were but four man, whereas the Spalards might well be i dezen ; and they had dogs, ta oo, bloodhounds, of which Lo Pica?rd, in particular, profesd a great "Look you,"quoth I, "thea is my plan. Yettadayhn Saniards were hunting ashore, ad fto-day it ery like that they will renew thr pautime, leaving, perhaps, only r one or, o perhaps tot erea that, to t?ake ehasge of the schooner, for you see that she ins moored very safely, and with her bows pointing down the creek so as to be ready for a start. Now, look at her rigging: see, her jib can be hoisted in a nomm nt, and her fore and mainsails can be set merely by letting go the brails, and running aft the sheets ; for von observethat the gaffi are already hoistedl therefore the schooner is ready for sea. Now I know, in a general manner, the direction of the crave below. It runs for alittle way parallel to the coast and then turns to the right, and so opens up into the sea. What is there toprevent is hoarding the sc?ooner when she is left almost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrying her They all applauded this desi?n, and the more we talked of it the better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-looking ve?sel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as welt as easy to manage. Besides, the greater lengtL of the cove rue ing westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when we had passed the elbow, ani came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands. gaily, and thanked our stars for such a slice of good luck. As in many other adventures, the tirst and most difficult duty which we had to perform was to wait, so we ensconced ourselves in thick bushes, where we could see without being easily disceIned, and watclhed the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. The sun was above the horizon about half-an hour, when aman issued from the cabin, and tapped the deck loudly with a handspike. At this summons the sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloosholmds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching themselves from I their warm nests. The man who had wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, forhe went below, and pre sently tho crew had their breakfast, which t they ate on deck-a couple of bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this we observed with t groat delight a number of muskets and pistols k brought on deck, at the sight of which the t grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The I captain, as we called him then, appeared again; and after a long discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round and handling the arms, the bloodhounds were fe~l. and the skiffll-my skiff-hauled alongside, no doubt to convey t the hunters on the shore The captain then seemed to be giving orders to one of the 1 crew, a stout fellow, who wore a great striped woollen cap and had a long tIn sheathed knife in his girdle, and then the t whole party, excepting the fellow with the a knife and cap, tumbled into the boat. the t bloodhounds leaping in along with them, c and rowed towards the extreme head of the c creek. The Spaniards numbered about a t dozen, without including a boy whom they t had with them, and of course wcithed down the skiff until her eunwale was almsot I at the -ater's edge. We were for a little I time in some perturbation, lest thej should 1 chance to come our won. We heard them shouting, and LiughioIn, and crshsing 1 through the boughs, a. they made their way iup the steep banks of the creek, and then I the boat came tIoating down a.ain to 1 the schooner, with the boy paddling her. Meantime, the man with the I striped cap had disappeared in a little cook-house or cabooM, from the funnel of which a smoke began tort :. and the boy,. I nhaving made fast the boat, went aft to the c cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, t which we had seen carried thither, empty. Now, as we had seen but one man come out t of this cabin, and as breakfast had been t served there for two, we considcred that c there were three pereons left in charge of the ship, but that one of these was probably sick or disabled. Whi!e were making a these observations, tha reader may be sure that we also listened attentively, in order to find out in what direction the hunting party a had proceeded: and presently, hearing shouts and the reports of guns very faintily and gradually becoming more so, until they were r no longer audible, we congratalsted ourselves I that the hunters were out of the way. and i that aso far, our task would be easy. The next point was, how to get on boear the schooner so sludenly and so quietly as to leave those in charge of her no opportunity of riving an alarm. iFirst we thought of swimming, but the Picard was not skilful at this exercise; and, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nieky propoed to swing our selves aboard, by means of tao warps, fixed to the trees; but, on close examnination, we found the banks so precipitous, that it wouldc be very difficult to make our way to the ropes, without giving an alarm. \We were thus in considerable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry in the very outset, when I observed a means whereby' we might, although at some risk, acc.mplish our end. I have said that the cove or cretk wa. so narrow that the branches of the great trees. growing in the rifts of the rock on either side, met and interlacel, and from these branches hung perpendicularly, like great ropes, many long tendrils or withes, very tough and strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, depending from a stout branch, swung lose by the fore-top mast head of the schooner, danglin; in deed to thlle crs-trees. I pointed this outto my comrades, and they all aoreal that it would be very possible to claimber out upon the bough, and slide down the withe into the ringing; but that the deck must be clear when we made the attempt, otherwise we could not fail of being dis.overed. It. was fortunate, therefore, that the man with the striped cap coatinued in the cook- house. where we heard him elattering amngto-st Its and paes, and coneltedn that he aas prexr ing a meal for the men ashore. hft, as Nicky said, when one ?oks a dinner, ones nerver knows whIo may vat it. The bys remained about the delk for some time. bat at length went into the cabin, and, st.rin,-i there, we concluded to nake the venture. Fastening our guns acoss our shoulder<, we again shook hands, and vowed to stand by each other to the death. Then i we crept cautiously along, until we came t the tree from which spran? the great ?nch, which we looked to hbe the first sgae of our journey to the schooner i dtok. 'This te. grew about a fathom betneatlt the edge of the rock, but it was easy to swinst our.~sves dsow to it, by the matte vegetati;on,. which cIIg to the fa?e of the stone. Then. one after another, we crawtil ott upon thle bssuLh, which shook a little, but bre ins Ibravely. The schooner was nos right below, anid not a living thing stirring on her decks. I was the hfirst man, and Nicky was at mr het!s. The Indian cantms next, tand the Frettchman brought up the rear. All of us whiter beine sailore, the feat was not dirlelt : antd nas for the Mosquito man, he could climh like a cat. Having satisfied myself tbh:at the withe was well attached to the bough, I firt twined my legs round the fonrmer, and thenl grasping it. slid emaily down, until my feet feet touched the crosstrees of the Spanish echooner, and in a momient mr comrades were clustering around me, no alarm binet as yet excited. After pausing a momaent to get a firm grip of the staye. I rare the word, and the whole four sid iik lightnaing down the ropes, hand over had, as sailors say, and came with a great bonuae upon deck together. The Picard instantly leaped to the cook-house, and the Spaniard cominng out at the aime moment, the Frenchman dealt him a bls with the butt-end of a heavy pistol, which fluing him bhackwards, quite stunned. upon the deck, while Nieky and I r.a to the cabin, meetinr at the threshold the boy, and a comely womaa, very.dagk, and wPith the blackest ey evermw, who' directly set up a great tat 'Nicky and I, painting to the cabin; and drawing forths pietLs, made them uaderstand that they must go below, and be sileat, as they valued their lives. The boy lunk bark directly, and the, woman tamnned to a livid palenesi, and, awootilng away, wosld have fallen down the ladder, bit te w sppted her and laidhernathe cabin floor; then, divretly runninrr on deck, we shut down the lhatc. All this hardly oocupied a mrnient; and, aceing Ie Pichaksr and Blue Peteer cutting the warps forward, twe drew our knives, endl w.,rkine with Igood will, sren revered the tough piles of hemp, aft, and the rsch,,mer was unmored. We waited a mnoment with great impatience, to see if she would drift- but, rem:ansing stationarr, we ran up the jib, and elcl:en-e the brais aof the nminsai!, te as, without actually setting the sail, to eposeo a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the se.a breeze had not 'et set in, or if it hal it did not reach us in the depthot the creek. We therefore flung a long line into the lighte.t of the two boats alongside, and Blue Peter and Nicky leapiing into it, pulled with I all their strength for the elbow at I which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Le Picard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw t that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through tha water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their I strength to oare, all of is working with clenched teeth anrd breathless eagcruers. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and the, warp upon which we were hauling slackened. The schooner felt the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her inclose by the starboard shore, which, when we turned seawards, would be the weather eside of the cove. The mingled trees and rocks seemed to glide away from us. I looked over the side, and saw the bubbles rippling in the transparent water; and as I lifted myr head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began to meet the lazy swell. T'he elbow, or rtrn of the creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the mrooks. Therefore I ported my helm, so as to send the I vessel elowe in, and just as we slowly opened the corner I put the tiller hard down, and being, furtunately, a very handy ] craft for steering, she gridulllr swung round, and we all uttered a shout to gether as we saw, at the end of a abhort rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we 1 were not out yet: almost immediately on ] rounding the pointof the creel: a gust of the t sea breze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on the leeward side. The Frenchman exclaimed that we murst take to the boats after all, but Nicky answered him, " Yes-but only to carry a warn to the rocks at the month of the creek f' No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the t creek. Here the surf was beating violently, coming with great lashing tsurces rmovd the corner of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more than a fathom with every antulation of the sea. Here wa;L a jaggle pitmnn-lr of rock breaten lby thr wariec, whic:h ever'r now awl then bur?nt richt above it; ,re: thih the Indian withl great dexterity r:cI a loose hitch of the line. while we on Lbard. running to the wchooner' bows, harlel upon it a before. It was hloky for us that the sea breeze only blew up the ravine in t uncertain pnfts, and tha:t the place was full of countur-current: and eddies of air, i which first filled our sails one war and then another., as we heaCredd and rClled upon tIhe broken swell which dashed from aide to side 1 of the clhannel. We worked at the warp like desperate men, as, indeed, we we ere. }l:very now and then a sudlden tors of the water would ilir.r uro :rek;: but then the counter t reflectio: of the seas from the oppo?ito wall of rock w rald jerk ua forward, and we soou found that we were gradually making our way towarnl the mouth of the cove. keepin. t so close to the weather side that every now and then the masts, when flung over to star- t board, rattled among the bushes overhead, and sent down showers of leave', which would fly in uncertain whirls and dives i amingat Lthe rig-ing. At last. the dceiice momenlt aeiten. JIt a minute we we ruld be hove uporn the leeward ertrance^ of the eore. ,r be out clear at sea. I ran artiri to take tt I helm. L Pia' rdand the lndian, runniti to t the weather fore-rlchains, gave a last surge upon the line by way of a launr h. I'he rchuoner's head plucnral into, : tro eh l ,f the rte, not a fathon from the rLoks, a:ul as she rose-her brws drew Irtyond the she:ter of the coee-the full blaut of thel sea ber-?c,1 caught her jib-and her head souro.e ag-uain to, leeward. "IIelp her with the foresail, comrarles' I shouted. They had antinipsteod me-the Indian letting go the brail., end then help- t ine the whites to draw aft the sheet. 'Tie sail surged ane flappedi s as to. shake the schoaner to her very keer, and the re'it sheet - block jerked madlr ter olrt fro with bounds which would thoa:, dashed thro:ec:h a stron¢ wall. n t v' still, though thy reoulli not vet master the -cinnas, the ho!on-er was not in sensible to its lifting tower, and I felt her, as she ruse with b:r brei~rslide tr a great clear sea. gather way, and start as it were from under me. There was jusit a moment of terrible supanpse. The mast. bent to lee. ward until their trucks were within a counle of fathoms of the lee promontory. You could almost leap on the great rorth ma?.os of wet tone which liey close ai- bean,, ant then in a mroment the schooner ro.e tr another sea, all three sails now beIving to1 the wind, and once more hore 'le.ar of the land. although i saw through the clear water a glimpe of reef unler our counter. which the keel must have scruped, and althou,:gh the head of the mainmast actualli tore away, the projecting brti.rlh of a great prickly buoi whichli wa waring and dancing in the wind. We were dlrwins' our first deep breathl akter our peril when I heard a great 1 herout abee me, r?on, starting round. I saw between m anre the sky the tieurr of a man stan ling with a aun upon the vry aerre of the preriirhe wsiich formol thie line of oa.t. Ite directly fired his piiece, and rit up a loud outer to ii comraldes, thtre or four of whora direotly joinied I:im, and firel a volley at ur, which did nio dor?a-e. o wes jump-l up on th, talffrail rail, andl wavrrin our hats goave then na lol chri err, and told them thrt if ther wantsl their shboner,. they rright swim after us, anr then we swouldrl consider the matter. Thiy male violent gesteree, but the sea t.reze blowing sa, freshly, cirried bhck their vol,:e, and we knew not what they oaid. (Crrylug on are we best could with our ill-et sail, un:il aswe had made a guo.l half mile ortlin, we iuffed the eclooner up into the wind, and with rome trouble. zrt the eaurrs Iroperly extended; then putting the helm hbrd dor', we got the jib-sheet to windmtrl. anrrd so lay to, alnCing and surging merrily unun thle rca. .?, ar. c,, ?rl ver.) 