THE UNSEEN IN FLUENCE. A VERY STRANGE STORY. At tho ago of thirty I found myself almost alono in tho world, but iu possession of an annual incotuo suniciont to furnish tho neces saries and sotno of tho comforts of a bachelor life, and with acquirements which had only to bo put to uso in order to bo pecuniarily pro ductive. I did not choose at first to uovoto myself to any remunerative occupation, but determined to indulge in two or three years’ amateur application to my favourite pursuit of chemistry. I was city bom and city bred, and in tlie city lived tho only friend I possessed, so in the city I resolved to remain. I accordingly searched tho suburbs for aomo suitable place where X might erect ray laboratory and pursue my labours of love in undisturbed retirement. At length I found a small two-roomol cottage unoccupied, sought out the landlord, and to gether wo wont to the premises Tho place scorned particularly adapted forxny purpose, us thero was ft desk fitted iu a recess near tho window mono of the rooms, and before it stood a regular study-chair, with cushioned arms, and back set at tho proper angle for a comfortable recliuo in moments of meditation. “ How came these to be hero?” I asked tho landlord. “Well,” ho answered, “ tho man who ownod tho house, and died in it ten years ainco, was a queer chap. Hu sold it to mo cheap on tho understanding that I should not remove tlio fixtures. These two things wore tho on.y real fixtures, so I suppose you can do with them.'’ “ You liavo lmd tenants 011100?” “ Oh, yes. A broker bail it for two or throo years, and an agout had it for his ofiico ; but these things suited them.” “ All right. They will just suit mo, I Tho ront ho named was low, placo, got the keys, and for tho was busy getting my premises transporting into the back ro lanomis collection of chemical stuffs and imple ments J had been accumulating for years. At length my furnace was going, my retorts bub bling, and some experiments in progress. _ At tho end of it few days* constant work in tho laboratory I achieved some results which I thought it necessary Jo chronic Itetiring to my study so I took tho text few weeks nto order, and the mifieel vhioh I had fur nished with a table,; and a book-shelf, I ^ laid out my impels, copious momnraml! for about a quarto happened to common chairs, self at tho desk, id proceeded to make or having been so seated u hour, a strange thing ha round table, big intently X foil into it sort of trance. Tho walls of tho room seemed to dissolve away, and I seemed to sno into tho interior of n quite different apartment, in which the first thing that arrested with her eyes, it i-o into mine. She set. but her lmmb; had fallen into her lap, and sh< eat still as a statue, gazing. She was lovely; but an attraction stronger than that of inure .beauty see 1 nod to drag my soul out towards her. I could hardly withdraw my eyes from her to glance round the room in which Him was sitting. It seemed a moderately-sized sitting room, furnished according to middle-class ideas of comfort. Iu one corner stood a sort ol couch, oil which some person was lying, hut whose face I could not see. But before I could lix my eyes upon the girt, something _1 to interpose, ami I now only saw what apposed to be the outside of the house into .>hmv I had he*"' ugau two-windowed in front, ’ilh Jookiu h road winding past, along loaded -iih y u countryman in the :b i f an i'!ngush kil)ouicr,.and so .aid wad tne mime on the side are trees in the distance, and a 1 mi a dimness over all—a slight Yuli of my own room, tho dusk, Nod : slowly moving, unmistakable g? distinct, that i c plate. There ^ church spire. T shock—ami the ami the papers! I got up in figi at ion and walked up ami down the room, wondering what it could mean. Surely I was tho victim of some extraordinary hallucination! Something had gone wrong with tho brain, that delicate instrument of the mind. But that figure ! It seemed us if I hud known llCI wenYout with the intention of calling on Nod Maxtor—to whom I have already referred matter uiUuforrtt’JL.T lvrt- isfwind—and laving tho I shrank witli un unconquerable rolnctuncu from speaking to anyone about my singular ex perience. But when the same thing occurred tt"uiu and again at intervals of about three days -Mil way a, too, when seated at my desk—re vealing to mo the same room, the same girl, tho same outdoor scene, I could maintain silence no ^Baxter and I had been chums from boy. hood. We were about the sumo age, and ho was a bachelor like myself. IIo was something connectod with the law, mid Inn! chambers in the business part of the city. lie was seated alone in his sanctum indulging in a cigar when I went iu with tho view of uuburthening my mmd to “ Have you a few minutes l I asked. “I should think so; too Clients are scarce. Draw in chair. But wlmt’s the matter you had aeon a ghost.” “ I am not sure but I have.* Ami deliberately, hut not mental pain, I gave a circumstantial my last three weeks. At tho close lie seemed inclined io laugh, lmt chocked himself. 1 knew what ho was going to Bay before he “ Something ho pointed, not to .. stomach. “ You must come with me to Dr, Brown’s and let him see your tongue.” Eventually I consented. Wo proceeded toget her to Dr. Brown’s consulting-room, and found him fortunately disengaged. Then between us we made the doctor ac quftinted with the oireuinstances which had really lod to our visit. Ha listened silently and with rapt attention. After feeding my pulse and examining ray tongue, he said : * . “There is nothing m your physical condition that would warrant me in treating you for monomania; hut the bruin is a strange—a mys terious organ. It works many abnormal pranks. Your condition in these—trances let uh cull them—is something like olairvoynn 50. I should like to see the room where tho affections occurred.” n thither at once, then, * urged the consultii ? You look as Miint of ng hero, old follow,” and > his forehead, hut to his Lot us adjni my friend Ned. I agreed, so wo all three proceeded towards my laboratory.. As ho went, up the steps to the door, Dr. Brown cast his oyes over the smoko- stained building. . “ You were always seated iu tms.chair ?” said he, when we had got inside. “Iwill^toat it myselfand the doctor sat down before the desk. ** Lot us have a smoke,” said Ned : nml wo sat smoking ami talking lor about half an hour without auything unusual occurring with Dr. “ Not ai Yttppor’.f' murmured ho, ns ho got Ha, ha! ” laughed Ned. “ Let me try it.” “ It’s no uso.” The doctor was turning and examining tho chair. An iron bar led from the seat to a socket in the floor, in which it worked. u What is below ?” ho asked. “ A collar?” “ Not that 1 know of. I ro illy don’t know,” I had never had the door at the back end of the passage open, so I could say nothing about 1 “We’ll soon see,” Raid Nod, loading the way I along tho short passage, turning tho kov which ! stood in tho lock, and revealing a flight of I about 11 dozen steps, terminating on a level with i tho court. Wo descended, ami found the back walla dead muss of grey atone, excepting the one 1 window which lighted my laboratory. At the foot of tho chair, still inside tho passage, there was u blank piece of wall smoothly plastered over. Wo wero passing this on returning from our inspection, when Ned struck it firmly with his knuckles. “ Stop,” said he, nml struck it again once or twice. *s Bring a harntnor, Anty.” With the hammer ho struck tho wall smartly in several places, and at one part it gave hack a distinctly hollow sound. •‘There is wood hero. Have you a chisel, | This also I was able to supply, and with the lmmuier and chisel Neil, who wu* now the Ie»d ingspirit,sooii hud hare a narrow door, level with tho stout) lintels, apparently heavy, and securely locked. How to open it was now the queidion, “Tho hinges look weak.”said Ned ; and with a few well-directed strokes he severed first one ami then the other. Our united offorts prised tho door open from the hack. “ All is darkness hero,” said Ned, as I10 peep* A torch was improvised from a bunch ot wax tapers and wo all three went in. There was a narrow pimsngo leading to the left towards tho front of Bio house, and ending in a square rrcess, which the flaring torch lighted up fitfully, and this is vrhdt TO&S;&w;* On n little round table a crystal bowl, almost full of a clear liquid, in' winch floated wlmt | seemed a email magnet, one of its polos touching | :i metallic wire, -which nBcended and dia | appeared in the coiling, just below where stood my study-chair; and ucside tlio bowl a small ebony l>ox and on tho top of the box a ring, from a largo jewel in which tho torchlight scin tillated. I had just lifted tho box and ring, when Ned, exclaiming, “ There ia some devilry hero ! ” dashed tho bowl .from the table. With tho sound of breaking glass there came 21 sensible shock, a commotion in tho air, and total darkness. Our light hud been extinguished. Wo hurriedly inado our way to tho door and up to my room, whore wo stood a few moments gazing in each other’s faces. “ What dees it all inoun ? ” It was Nod who spoke flrat. Thedootor said nothing. I now recollected and mentioned what tho landlord had told mo about Uio “ queoruess ”of tho original owner and eoiuo time occupier of tho premises, aiul his puculiur provisions re garding tho desk and chair. < . “ You must get out of this,” said Ned. “ There ia not tho smallest reason now/’ said Dr. Brown. “If lam not much mistaken, the spell is broken. But you havo something in your hand ? ” he sai \ to mo. “These were on the table,” I said, showing the box and ring, Tho ring was massive gold, ornamented on one side with the figure of an eagle, wings spread, and a largo opal in its breast. Tho box was of ebony, tho lid and sides covered with grotesque carvings in relief. A quaintly-shaped silver key stood in the lock. We soon hud it open, and this is wlmt wo found within :—A slip of paper scrawled over with writing, and underneath a bundle of papers tied i together, Ned undertook to decipher tho former, while I examined tho latter, which, to my astonish ment, proved to bo bank-notes and foreign bonds to tho totnl amount of over twenty thou sand pounds. “ What do you make of it, Ned ?” I asked, with increased anxiety. “I cun make out some phrases,” said ho, “hut oilier portions i would defy Old Nick himself, who seems to havo a finger in our present pic, tornulco head or tail of.” It was certainly the most atrocious pieeo of writing l over set my eyes on. Kntiro lines wore just a series of loops and turns which might mean one thing as welt as another. It was most provoking. Our combined skill could not pro duce a nearer guess at its contents than the fol , . . power nearly gone , . . fi morse . . . know limy are living see them . . . last effort of skill one in spiritual it Utility . . . tho ri . . . fin.1 them . . . give them . . . The signature was composed of a number of twirls ami dashos, of which nothing could he “ What is to bo done with tho money ?” was Ned’s next thought. “ J must find them,’* said I. ‘ “ Find whom r” “Those to whom it belongs.” “ The young lady and the and ov r again in my drcair choose to call it.” “ Whew ! Then you think they *and money alid I saw over r whatever you living beings r” “ I am its sure of it as that I am a living being myself.” “ What do you think of him now, doctor ?” “Well, 1 am not inclined to make so light of what we have heard from our friend, and what we have seen ourselves, as you, Ned. I have witnessed somethings which peremptorily forbid that. Still I would counsel calm con sideration before engaging in what may prove, after all, a wild-goose chase, and that suggests that some link 1ms been left out by the un known mugnotisor. You havo no cluo whereby to discover the whereu bouts of those in whoso behalf we shall suppose you have been com missioned.” This had to be admitted. 80 without coming to any decision wo went out together. Tho noxt few days I spent endeavouring to discover something by moans of the bunk-notes, hut entirely failed. Most of them were for largo amounts, and proved to bo quite genuine, which was so far quite satisfactory. After this I made an attempt to resume my usual course of life, but found it impossible. At lust I shut up tho place-first getting a trades man to plaster over the collar door as wo hud found it and dropping a lino to Ned to inform nynlutiou, 1 sot out to search for tho before mo. Besides my ""own overwntstftiiug desire, I convinced my self that I had u trust to discharge, a duty lo fulfil. A couple of mouths afterwards I was again in tho city, bttfiled and dejected. One day, after having somewhat recovered from the exhaustion of^ my fruitless search, I wandered into Ned’s ofiico. “Hallo, old fellow! Jtoturneri from your travels? What success?" cried Ntd ns he took my hand. I shook my head. “Istiy, you must give up that. You are wearing yourself to skin and bone. Como over At this moment he was called to tho outer I silt down on the seat from which be had risen, and leant my arms on the desk. Aim lessly I turned over a letter which was lying face downwards, and the name at tho foot seemed to strike mo in tho forehead liko a bullet, I was not at first conscious ivhy it did so, ami a few moments elapsed before tho mean ing flashed up«m me. “Jonathan Crump!” Why, that was the name on the country waggon I saw on one occasion passing along the road beside which my dream-cottage stood. I glanced at tho top of tho sheet—“ Greeuriale !” Yes, I was almost sure that this was my Jonathan “ Ned,” I cried, tho moment ho entered, “ where is Crreoudalo? Who is Jonathan Crump V” “Jonathan Crump is a sort of client, or at least correspondent of mine regarding a piece of business I havo got tho arranging of; hut I have never seen him. Where Oreendalo is I really “ Where is your gazetteer?” “ Oh, 3*011 need not search there. It is, I be lieve, merely the name of a fumt-stesiding. But stop—it cannot he far from C-,where I have observed all bis letters to be posted.” “ And where is C-V* “ In Devonshire.” I seized a gazetteer and a “ Bvadshsnv,” and soon had my route chalked out. “ What's tho matter now ? Whereaway so suddenly V” cried Ned us I was rushing out. “ I will tell you again, Nod. Good-bye.” I could not bear to speak of m3* now hope, which,after all, might end in a new disappoint The next afternoon 1 was walking up tho main street of the villugo or town of 0 to ward the po>t oillco, “ Can you direct mo to a farm-steading called j Groendale?” I asked of the postmaster when I | lmd found him. I “Grceiidulo!—Jonathan Crump’s ! About I four miles straight out west from this.” It was a lino autumn afternoon, and I set out to walk tho distance. From Jonathan Crump I trusted to learn in wlmt direction he was in tho habit of sending waggons loaded with grain or flour; if possible, , whore in particular on that day, about four mouths ago, which I had carefully calculated The influence of the pure air and mild sun shine calmed the fever of my blood, and ro sining my jaded nerve*. I felt better and Imp pier than*l had dime for months bofora. I was indulging in dreams of a happy sequel to ray adventure, when, on lifting my eyes ns I rounded a sharp bend in tho road, there stood the picture before mo—tho landscape of my dream ! The scene which had so long been only “21 vision of 1113* mind,** was, after all, an actually existing concrete reality. There, not a hundred paces from me, was tho little two windowed cottage, with the narrow garden in front; still further away the clump of trees, overtopped b3* tho church spire. My heart stood still, and 1113’ knees literally “knocked together ” at tho sight. Mastering my emotion, I resolutely advanced, walked in at tho wicket gate, and Knocked fit tho door. I was not tho least astonished—in fact.it was just what I expected—when tho door opened, and I.stood face to face with the .young lady of my* visions. I know her at once—her features were too in delibly printed on m3’ memory*. My appear ance seemed to startle her In some unaccount able manner, when an elderly woman camo forward, to whom I explained that I wished to see her mistress on a matter of business, “ Oh, 3*ou want Miss Beatrice.” Beatrice ! That was her name, then. llecoveriug herself instantly, Beatrice, as I may now cull her. lod the way into the room— the room, just as I had seen it—in one comer the couch, which was now, howoier,, empty*. “ Nan, 3*ou may* leave ua,” sho said ; for the woman was lingering, and regarding me with come suspicion. Sho then turned her eyes inquiringly on mo—the sumo blue, molting eyes, and almost tho same wondering appealing look. I took out tho box and tho ring, and laid them on tho tabl6 preparatory* to tho telling of luv story. I did not kupw how to begin. « My mother’s ting ! ” site suddenly ox* churned, eagerly lifting aud examining tho ope I had laid dowsu “Or ”-•. And She uqstily opened u drawer iu the cabinet, brought out an(T , laid beside my ring an other, identical m ap pearance—“ my father’s \ ” 44 Who was your fathor ? ” _ 44 First toll mo. how you became poaseasea of this ring.” - .. I slowly, and amid many mterruplmg ex clamations and interrogations, wont over circuinatancos already related, and finished by laying hoforo her tho scribbled note and tno paper representatives of twenty thousand pounds. (Would to In area I had twenty > thousand farthings ! It would bo the saving of ™ At (ho close she touched a spring in one ol the rings—her ring—when the breast of tno eagle opened and displayed the miniatu ro ox ft noble-looking man in tbo prime of lifo, tho countenance being altogether tho most im pressive I had over seen ;and performing- th« same operation with my ring, she Bhowodit to contain tho portrait of a beautiful woman, young, and strikingly like herself. 44 These,” Bho Baid’ ”aro my fntner and ray mother us they wero in happy days that I can not remember. Often havo I heard ray mother say that they hud riugB precisely alike, con taining thoir portraits, iib you see, anu thut my fathor considered them a unique pair. ‘‘That is enough.” I said;44 you have proved that of which I had no doubt. I recognised in your mother and yourself tlio rightful owner of tho ring and tho contents of the box.’ 44 No, no,” she said; 441 cannot take all that money, though I firmly believe my father placed, tho papers there and sent them to my mother. But"—uud tear* filled her eyes—“I have just lost my mother- jt can never benefit her. I impulsively xjok her liaud. She goiivly with drew it, and auid :— “ Now, iu roturn, lot me tell you mm/ story, Homo things in which, if they do not altogether explain, may throw some light oil yours.” 44 My father’s numo wusMartuiSchwarzborg, and my mother’s Beatrice Allen. I hardly re member my father. My clear idea of him rouBt have been derived from his portrait iu the rmg, and my mothor’s frequent- talks about him. Ho was a "German, and was in this country pro secuting somo inquiries in connection With the study which engrossed him—-that of animul nnignotimn—when he met my mother. Tho con sequence was a niutuaf passion. They wore married, and ho settled here. They enjoyed, my mother said, for a year or two unclouded felicity, when lio began to develop a spirit of jealousy which, threatened to destroy their happiness. Ho got tho reputation of having seized upon certain, secrets of nature more firmly tlmti any other man, which brought around him many people* interested in tho same questions as himself. Concerning one after another of these,^ with, whom my mother could not avoid coining in contact, he indulged in fits of the most ground less suspicion. A period of alternating misery and happiness, in which days of violent anger and upbraiding wero succeeded by intervals of contrition, was brought to a climax, one day when, in a storm of passion, he left her, swearing ho would novor look upon her taco again. And he never did. 44 My mother, thus deserted, made some attempts to trace him ; but she lmd often been so overcome with dread of him, and eo disliked his associates and pursuits—which, as I havo auid, were of a mysterious nature, hearing upon tiio occult powers by which one mind can in lluonec another—that she acquiesced the moro easily in her ill-success. The cruel part waa that .she was left with very slender resources. I was but a child thou, but over since I can re member we had to live in small houses, and my . mother had to do needlework to assist in main taining u*. She managed herself to give mo a good education, and, since growing up, I havo been able by art-work to lighten her burden considerably. Iler small independent income has died with her, and I am just now consider ing what I had beat do iu my changed circum stances.” 44 You may now cense, of course, to be anxious on that point,” I remarked. “Well, I havo now to relate some personal experiences”—and here she smiled and blushed — “almost the counterpart of jour own, and which will explain the manner in which I re ceived you at the door. In tho spring—— What did you Bay wub the date of your tii*3fc I* gave her the date. She opened a small memorandum book, and, after consulting it, continued: “ On that very same day I was sitting sewing at tliis tnblo, my mother resting on her couch, when all ut once I Hcemed to fall into a dream state. I use tho phrase for want of a better to *W>rihe any sensations, Intervening obstacles end of u vista, yet so distinct as to give iiie leuung of nearness, I saw a face gazing at me with us if-Well, with an earnest, friendly gaze. How long this lusted I cannot tell, but grad ually tho faca dimmed, tho vista closed,_auu with a shiver I found myself sitting as before, with the work in my bunds, and tho room every way the same. Several times thereafter this recurred at intervals of about three days, and then'tho visitations ceased as unaccountably as they had begun. The faeo I saw was yours, so you may well believe that when I met you I Was rather startled. Yet I had come to think. of you us a friend.”— 44 Pray continue to think of mo ns such,” I. interjected. . “ Ami was not so much surprised as might bo supposed at finding you to bo a substantial. reality, mid not a mere phantom of the bruin.” * 44 And, now,” she addod, 141 havo just to thank you sincorcly for all the trouble you have been at on our—on my account. 1 am very glad to get the ring.” You think, then, that it must have beon your father who occupied my place of work, "some ten years ago and wrote these wordsl'” 44 It could he no other person. I havo‘Boon, his signature to other papers, and though moro distinct, they much resembled this.” “ Having got tho clue, 1 think I can trace tho letters, and lorm them into Martin Schwun> ‘‘’But that monoy ! You must at least take :u huge share of it.” “Certainly not. I will, however, if yon wish, take charge of it iu tlio mouutime, and son you again soon. Where will I bo likely to get u lodging near for a day or two ? Is there no place nearer than C-?” She hesitated, and then snid: “I think at Jonathan Crump’s—along the lane which strikes to the right alter you pam the lodge gate.” . , _ ' I found Jonathan Cramp’s, but instead, of pestering him with questions about his waggons, I merely asked for a bud. A comfortable bed room, utu moderutQ rent, wub placed at my. dis posal as long us 1 chose to occupy it. And now ensued u few weeks which proved tho most blissful of my life. Each succeeding duy found me besidoBoatnco, tho44 love dream” rapidly becoming a sweeter reality. Sometimes I sat beside her in the 44 dream-room,” sometimes wu rambled together aiuid the beautiful scenery of the neighbourhood, taking at first of her plans for the future, then of the past, and then of anything that suggested itself. The moio I knew her the moro I loved her. I found her manner was agreeable and her mind aa cultivated as her face was beautiful and her figure graceful. At length one day I auid to hor: 44 You remember you wished me to share that monev with you ?” 44 Yes—yes—and”- . 44 And I refused. What if I now say that Z am willing V” 44 It would please me very much.’ 44 But what if I udd a condition,?” “What?” 4 4 That I yet i ts owner ah ng with if.” She needed not to speak to Jet mo know that my condition was accepted. Wo have now spent many happy years as husband and wife, and often talk over tho strange and mvstoriouB. occurrences which, brought us together.— Weekly Budget. 