A Bli.NDlGOSIAN ABROAD. pt \CES VISITED, -\\!ND IMPRESSIONS FORMED. i'JSY Ai.I'KKI) Joseph.! No. X. A TRIP TO IRELAND. " Through Erin's Isle To sport awhile." —Tom Moore. ictiu" on advice we determine to sleep at i Vnstoii Hotel to enable us the better to '.Iv sweet repose, and to catch the. London Dublin 7.15 a.m. mail tram. That wo 10 ., in time for the fcr lin, thanks to the ueIC1ll-.I,„ of cabs and other nocturnal distur there could be no mistake ; and the . accounts for the absence of the pre n;.la sweet, slumber. The Station of T'' London asid North Western Railway, by M,-b route we travel, is adjacent to tha left V: , of the Huston Hotel, and soon we are irtablv seated in our compartment. The C 1,11,1 of the train, obedient to our request, f nA<-d« a telegram to llugby, at which t at ion we are timed to arrive at 9.5. A of live minutes is allowed here, but h i' Vrnolo for our requirements, for as the ■ in draws up, the refreshment room !W 1,rul°s to our c:n'r"I,a=e tlireo , ,,.ets e.ich c mtaining chops, hot rolls, Putter knives and forks,'napkins and other .unites, also three cups of tea, and a jug f now milk, the charge for which is three "hillhi.'s each. It was truly good and I feel inured" if it could be similarly arranged on w- journeys on the Victorian Railways, it would bo a great boon to the travelling ,1,11c ,.uid v^uld find plenty of patronage. }hn. hi',-lily satisfactory meal completed, all tint is necessary is simply to close the basket ..ml place it under the seat, the Railway iloinrtment undertaking to jsafely return it in the station marked on the basket. We rriveat llolvhead at 1.20 p.m., the train llruwitv up along the pier, where the Con nau-htmail paddle steamer is in waiting for lr "These steamers are built for speed, and ■ire comfortably fitted up, every desire being t'viiiccil for the safety and convenience of ,l,e public. There are four steamers running i„ conjunction with the mails to Dublin, \- The Ulster, Minister, Leinster, and l\»uuu-Ut, the average speed being from iixieen "to seventeen knots. A new boat "The Ireland," lias been built, and aimed tlw Prince of Wales and his son across in two hours and forty eight minutes—not a bad record this, considering the distance is sixty f.,uv miles. The C'unnaught which to-day conveys an equally valuable, if not so illustrious and •ui-iist a personage, takes three and a half Uirs to do the journey. As we board her it rL-,mires no ghost to tell me we are going to hive a particularly lively if not an over-en juvable trip. It is raining in torrents, an 1 the'wind is howling and whistling as if eager for a prey. N" time is lost, and our skipper with .sou'-westcr tightly buttoned, mounts the bridge. Soon we aw oil our journey, and 1 think I may safely say I experienced perhaps the liveliest and most unenjoyable three hours it has been my lot to endure in all my life. Everyone on board was advised to iii/ht against it, and not to give way, but alas— . , " We could not reason why, Ail had to go—all that wa3 left," (Left of our breakfast.) ilalik-mcr is perhaps the most aggravat ing not - to - be - denied sensation that is'imaginable. At first; the sensation makes you feel that you are going to die, and after some time you feel s.) awfully bad that y„u are afraid yon ivont. As may be sup posed I wasnot.amongst thenumberdesirousof .•.iu-iu:: "A life on the ocean wave," and as we mo?,red alongside Kingston pier, I cer tainly was not sorry. At Kingston a train is in'waiting which takes us to Westland 11..w Station, Dublin, in fifteen minutes. Here we enter one of the jaunting cars and ares i.m at .lury and Cotton's Shelbourne Hotel, one of the best hotels at which it has been our pleasure to stay. Directly facing the Shelbourne. Hotel is St. Stephen's Green, a really beautiful plea sure -roilml of thirty three acres, laid out at the expense of Sir Arthur Guiness, the big Iwr man, who is now L-ird Ardilawn. In this park are statues of Ot..rSo II, ..™<1 of Archibald Win., Karl of Eglington, who was Lord Lieutenant: of Ireland from 1852 tolSoS: ami the cascades are natural and very pretty. On various sides of the green are fine build ing, notably the Wesleyan College, the Catholic University, Vincent's Hospital, the 11 ival College of Science, and the Archbishop of Dublin's palace. It is now dinner time, and after the ups .uid downs of the ocean, our party is quite ready for it. After dinner we learn that tlie best entertainment at present in Dublin is Hei)'„'ler'i Hippodrome, which we determine to patronize. With the exception of Paris it was one of the best and most amusing I iiave ever seen, the last part, which was de foliated on the bill as Lhe great water scene, being wonderful. The whole of the arena or riiis; was lilleil up with water until it had the appearance of a public swimming baihs, on which were pleasure' boats with men and Women rowing, a steamboat, and ducks and geese. It was most realistic; and the vagaries of a corpulent policeman in pursuit of ii criminal fairly convulsed the audience. The act reached its climax .vhen he fell headlong into the water, and brought a most enjoyable ninlita amusement to an end. Dublin the capital of Ireland, including the city and townships has a population of 370,000 in habitants. It is purely a commercial centre and cannot point to its industries, although Ouiuess has a magnificent brewery here and Pimm a very large cloth factory. Whiskey and Dublin stout are also well known as cumin- from this part of the world. London on the Thames, Paris on th« Seine, and Dublin on the LifFey—this river divides the cicy North and south, and is spanned by ten bridges, the most imposing of which is lhe O'Coimell bridge leading into the main thoroughfares of the city. Dublin may bo I classed as one of the finest cities in the world, its streets being well laid out, and its buildings worthy of the city. It com mends itself to the tourist from the compact - group ing of its chief objects of interest. The principal street in Dublin is Sackvillo Ktreet, and in it tire monuments erected to Hir John Cray, Daniel O'Coimell and Admiral Nelson. Henry and Grafton streets Me fine business centres ; horse trams run through them. The once Houses of Parlia ment, known as College Green, are now used by the Bank of Ireland. Here are statues of William III and Grattan. Facing College Green is Trinity College a most im posing building of the Corinthian Order. The statues of Edmund Burke and Oliver Cromwell give evidence of the ability of Foley the great sculptor, for they are admir able works of art. We determine to visit the Glesnevia ceme tery opened 1832. On our road we pass the Custom House a fine structure on the LifFey, »'id the National Model Schools. It may here be remarked that most of tlio buildings are of blue stone. The Roman Catholic Cithedral in Marlborough-street is a magni ficent edifice, and St. Thomas'* Church is worthy of note. The famous Rotunda or city hall is built on the colosseum principal and it is here that the great Parnell conven- j linn was held. Opposite is the residenoe of Archbishop Walsh. Passing Rutland Square we have a good view of Findlater Church, also the National Club ; and in Hardwick I'lace is St. George's Church. Frederick street was made notorious, our guide informs us from the attempted assassination of Fields. The Hospital in Ecles-street under the control of the Sisters of Mercy is a fine edi fice, well worthy of the cause, and the ob ject of its erection. We are riding in a jaunting car, and al though our driver (called here "j.weys") assures us that it would be as difficult to turn us over as it would be a cannon, I am not so sure of it, and certainly sit anything bat comfortably. The Dublin cur drivers are full of amusing anecdotes. There are three statues at the main entrance to the Post Oiliuc, and as wo passed them a masher in fpured of our jarvey whom they represented. " Ihose sure," said lie "are the twelve apostles." "But" said tho masher, "there ave only three." "Of course" wi.s the jarvey's reply, " y0u cau only see three ; the other nine are inside sorting the letters." Motint joy prison is pointed out to us, and it was liore tint the cabman with the euphonious 1111112 of Skin-the-goat was incarcerated. It was lie who brought away "the murderer Carey from Phoiuix Park; ' Tho Ignatius C.juroy Tavern has for its sign King Brian Boru addressing the troops at the battle of Cl.intarfA.ii. 1014. Who could resist calling for a drop of the crater here. Prospect-road sliows m the St. Yincout do Paul Orphan Schools. We aro noiy at tho fatuous Glynovius Cemetery. Entering from Finglas-road, we are close to the monument of Daniel O'Connoll, the great liberator. This name so familiar to all Irishmen, is revered by all men. who are lovers of freedom and liberty. In my opinion he was both just and generous and as I gaze upon his crypt, his many noble qualities which history records, flash across my mind. His lasc resting place is where it should be, and his monument, which re sembles the Eddystone lighthouse, should stand as a beacon to his countrymen in their times of trouble. Ilis words when leading the Home Rule party in 1848 in the House of Commons were:—" To obtain Home Rule for Ireland was not worth shedding one drop of blood, but to obtain it I would use every constitutional means." It is not for me to entrench on such de'icate grounds as Irish polities, but this much I will venture to state. I think with the groat Daniel that constitutional means alone should be adopted. Here he lies whose last words speak of his love for his faith and country, and his reverence to God—" My heart to Rome, my body to Ireland, my soul to Heaven." In the circle around the tower are other tombs, and on the top arc tombstones and small monuments. Here lie also T. Steele, a fellow prisoner of O'Connell's; Sir J. Gray, Curren, Rev. John Spratt, D. D. of the Provincial Carmelite Order of Ireland, a minister for lifty one years who never failed to assist in the crusade against intemperance, T. J. Ryan, acred 25, J. J. Crosswaite chairman of the Kingstown Township Commissioners; and a baker named Boland. At the best a ceme tery is not the liveliest place to visit, and with sadness we depirt. We are crossing the Royal or Grand Canal, which runs round the city, and finds its way to Limerick, a distance of 120 miles. We havea line view of Houth Hill. At the side of the road is a flour mill known as " Madden's folly." It appears this unfor tunate man encroached upon the Royal Canal Company's land, and this involved him in a long and heavy law-suit, which ultimately ruined him. The cattle markets are the best. I have seen anywhere. ' They are beautifully clean, asphalted, and the pens enclosed with iron rods instead of wood. In the distance, as wo arc Hearing the Phoenix Park, we have a fine view of the Dublin and Wicklow mountains which are about ten miles off. Four churches on the North Circular road are pointed out to us—St. Patrick's, St. Mic hael, St. Augustino and St. John's. Old residents of Dublin, I am informed would hardly know the North Circular road now. The new military barracks, and handsome private dwellings now stand where, less than twenty years ago there was nothing but fields and thorn hedges. It is a well formed street with trams running through to Phoenix Park. Phoenix Park is perhaps the finest in the world being about ten miles in circumference and four in diameter. London boasts of its Hyde Park, hut in my opinion this is incom parably superior. It has six cricket clubs with their respective grounds viz., Phcenix, Military, Constabulary, Working Men, and Civil Service ; also a Polo Club. There are also fifteen acres, where the troops are re viewed. It was once a famous duelling ground. On our right after entering the gate, is the married quarters of the constabulary, and it will be remembered that Healy in the House of Commons objected to the Park being used for this purpose. Here also is the training quarters of the constabulary attached to whom there is a brass band, one of the very best it has been our pleasure to listen to. Driving along, our jarvey halts, and wo alight and stand on the spot, where the most brutal and cowardly murder, which has dis graced Ireland, took place. "It was here, sir," said our guide, "that Lord Froderick Cavendish and Mr. Burke were murdered." Two crosses on the footpath denote the spot, and not a blade of grass will grow there. "That murder killed my country," continued our guide : " it drove wealth away, kept strangers from us, stopped the hunting, and it was with bated breath we spoko to our own brother." This is only one of the many proofs given to mo of the detestation with which crime is looked upon by these warm- hearted people,and although crime has been rampant in Ireland until very lately, I am confident that the Irish nation has as little sympathy for the malefactors, as we in Australia had for either Morgan or the Kelly bushrangers. At various spots policemen arc now placed, and it would seem that those beautiful creatures, the deer, which are .plentiful in the Park, sympathize with the police in their monotonous duty, for while we are present they are gamballing around the representative of the law,and do not fear his power. Directly facing this spot, is the Vice-Regal Lodge, a very plain looking building; and the "boys," as our guide terms the soldiers,are at practice in the square. Following down the road we come to the Phoenix monument, from which the Park derives its name, and which was erected by Lord Chesterfield. It is supposed that this bird rises out of its own ashes. The Chief Secretary's Lodge is to the left of the main road, and the Under Secretary's Lodgefurtheron to the right. Passing through an avenue of oak trees, we are shown the late Mr.Burke's house. Dublin men will well remember their frolicking days, when I tell them I saw " The hole in the wall," Nancy Hand's Tavern and Dance House, or as my guide facetiously calls it, "The courting House." We drive along Ferry-road to the Strawberry beds, and to the Ferry Glen, another courting academy. Strawn Hill and Bray in the distance favors us with a beauti ful landscape ; and we can see Lord Avon more's house, but this nobleman will be better known by Yelverton, and the famous divorce case. As we pass the powder magazine, we drive through White thorn glen. The hawthorn, which is growing in profusion, is all white with bloom, and looks lovely. We are shown the " Old Man's House," the Royal Hospital—the Chelsea of Ireland, the prison where Parnell was imprisoned, and opposite it St. John's Well, Richmond barracks, and St. Judo's Church—all well known to visitors to Ire land's capital. The monument and statue erected to Well ington is most imposing. It is 205 feet high, and its square base occupies one-eigth of an acre. There are seven battle scenes in bronze on each square representing twenty eight victories gained in India and the Peninsula. Next to this is Lord Gougli on his charger,undoubtedly the finest equestrian Statue yet seen by us. It is by Foley and was made out of cannons taken by the troops underGougli's command,and bears the folio ■v ing inscription :—" An illustrious Irishman Field Marshal Hugh Viscount Gough served his country 75 years. Erected by his friends and comrades, Peninsula,China, and India." The weight of the gun metal usod is forty five tons. The people's gardens are a fine pleasure resort, and contain the beautiful statue of Lord Carlisle, who was twice Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. On our road back to the city numerous Coat of Arms are to be seen in tradesmen's windows, bearing testi mony that they are under the patronage of the Prince of Wales, and the Duke of Cam bridge. We pass a public house now kept by one O'Kelly, which was kept by John O'Connor, who sat for West Kerry in the House of Commons. He was Lord Mayor of Dublin, and it is said that he pulled down the city flag, when the Prince of Wales visited that city. However, he does not reflect the opinion of the people here who have the most affectionate feeling towards our future King. The picture of Burke addressing the House of Commons, which is the sign of this public house first attracted my attention,and led to these enquiries. The Dublin police are as fine a body of men as you could wish to see, and all carry batons at their side. But if I may be per mitted to offer an opinion after so short a stay, I should think their duties somewhat licrht,for the people seem to be a steady, sober, industrious race. Of the friends in Dublin we have had the pleasure of meeting, they were kindness personified. Even the Rail way porter seeing on my portmanteau " Australia" when [ first arrived said "Wel come to Auld Ireland," and if he did not drink my health, well, perhaps he did better with my tip. Everywhere I have met with " Caede Mille Failthe." (To be Continued.) 