A DAY OF PRATER. to mrp 'FnrmTi Sir— With much in the letter of the Rev. J. W. Owen I heartily agree. I am especially thankful to observe that men whose paths in some respects are so far, far apart, give prcof afj least occfioually that in the main points of Christian belief they are substantially at one. However different on- views as to the evil character of certain features of our national life, Mr. Owen -yill find many besides myself who are with him in the conviction that there is sin enough to ar 'ount for much of our present suf fering, and that there is abundant wairant for setting apart a t'tne for public humiliation and the turning away from evil. As thoroughly do I believe that we need divine dir i tion for the present, as well as pardon for the past, and that the righteous ness which is of and by God is above all tilings needed for our immediate and peimanent lifting up as a people. While, however, I feel Mr. Owen's views, expressei with much ability and excellence of spirit,. call at least for a general endorsement, my sp.-cial object in writing is to state that his appeal has been substantially anticipated. September 30 has been set apart as a day of prayer for the general outpouring of God's Holy Spirit, and for his especial intervention in reference to the circumstances in which we are at present found. The movement comtnenr J in Melbourne on August 20, when an all-day united prayer meeting was held in Collins street Baptist Church. Several branche3 of the Christian Church were represented and over COO people were present. It was then determined to have another such day on which the Churches throughout tho colonies might wait in prayer and supplication upon God. The Adelaide Ministerial Associa tion has fallen into lme, and all the Churches throughout this colony are being asked to endorse the arrangement. The central meet ings will be held in the Pirie-strcet L'ctnre Hall, but each town and village [is asked to make arrangements socording to its own conveniences, and if from any reason it is found impracticable to hold united meetings for prayer it is earnestly hop id that; each individual Church will arrange for a meeting of its own. It is encouraging to lea..) that without knowing it so many Christians belonging to Churches, standing, alas, too often far apa.t, are looking in the same direction for a remedy for our pie sent national trouble. Archdeacon Langley speaking at Prahran a fortnight ago said, ' Is there no power that we can bring to bear to alter the existing state of things ? Think God there is. Our only hope for the Church and society is in the Holy Ghost, and His power is obtained by united importunate prayer.' Lab me, on behalf of the committee, respectfully invite Mr. Owen and all other ministers who with hiin have the national wellbeing at heart to join in this movement I am, Sir, &c;, JAMES HASLAM. Pirie-street Church, September 20. 