?;:THS LOST BAR ?, . By Mes. Emma E. Hobxibbook, '?„ Author of ' Borne Bad:,' ' Low in a Low Place,' &e.;, &o.; ? CHAPTER I. MUCH IN LITTLE. : Yes, I was nothing, absolutely nothing and nobody in my own house and family. I may as well state it at the outset, as .perhaps 1 shall prove of little account in my story. It may make it easier in the 'telling to feel that groat things are not , expected of uie. I was small of stature when I grew (o * womanhood, weak in body, and without 5\. . talent or beauty. My eldest sister, Is ^ abol, was a beauty ; Blanche was intor i~ eating; Mabel clever. I did not share : ? in the gifte and graces bestowed so largely ;?.... on the rest of the family. We had but one brother— Oliver, our / senior.. He was clever, if you like it. ft'. .Mabel thought she understood him, but ', I fancied she didn't. Not that I mider ? stood him ; I could as soon have told you , what a star was made of, and what the ?; people who dwell in it (supposing there \- are any) . were thinking of. He always seemed to me like a star ; out of reach of : any of us, and sailing along in his own '-- quiet course, calmly iudifiererit of what people might be saying about him. I; ?he had got out of it, he would have putf ' us all out too, and there would have been a general jumble and confusion. . , People who think great thoughts now adays -cay, .' There c&nnot; be Nowheue and we cannot conceive of the existence .. of NoraiNG.'* I certainly was Some thiug- Individual— One. Iliad 'ascpr. .rate, conscious existeuce,' yet was I per . suaaecl. foclish child that I was, that I understood the Row here theory. \- I was born after my father's death, so my mother did not care to look upon me. She nursed her sorrow fustead --f me, and .. I wickedly thought, when I began to think' at all, that she grow to like it. She .-. certainly would have been lonely without ; it, and felt, like the bad Moor in the ?' play, that her ' occupation was gone. ' : - Girls ^° not a'waJ'8 ^ke to bubics, and ' jpy sStert did not take -To me. They '- said I cried incessantly, and was horridly ted. I grew white enough afterwards, to make amends for the early offence. ''I had an old nurse — she died when I was six years of age, but I cherished her memory. I um t-fraid I was in the habit / of accrediting her with things she never \- Baid or did. so that she bocamo utterly _, unreal. She had clothed and fed me, and called me ' Honey,' so, of course, to I 'my inind, she was careful and intelligent ?and kind. I told stories about her to the nwsemuiti, which were pure inventions : butthea «nj? early life wss vory calm and .'.'uneventful, and if 1 talked ot all of a ':pt&t; I iliuif largely upui my i;ujtgin;iti'U. It 'was a dreadful sin, I know, but I did 'It ignor.mtiy and without evil intent. I knew nothing of what is now called ' an ?duceted conscience.' t : --^, . *TUomas Cooper. pne evening Wwef«at*ri &e;:glojunin£ »t tbe nursery window,' do you tbiukpeople that die eyer come back again f ': ) h . ' Lor' bless is, no !' exclaimed the ^irl, turning round on her soat, and glancing nervously At the door, as if she contem plated runnino away. * What makes you say this, Miss Connie V , ? ' I was thinking of nursie. I was won dering whether she ever comes in here in the dark?' 'Never,' was the emphatic answer. ' What would be the good of her coming when she could only feel her way, and couldn't see anything V This being an unanswerable argument, I was silenced. After a pauBe she went on — ' Besides, she may not be near enough to slip in here 'ondy. Though it would be better, if she was bound to coma, that she did it when we couldn't see her.' ' But Martha, the girl that was here before you, told me she saw her brother,' I persisted. ' More shame for her, then, to put such a notion into your head ' June re torted, with virtuous indignation. 'I don't believe a word of it. I had a brother I was real fond of when he was on earth ; but I would have been scared out of my wits, and run s mile from him, if he came. as a ghost. No, Miss Connie, let the other world be for a time ; maybe we'll get into it soon enough. It's my opinion we email never know what it's like or whether people walk or talk, or eat or feel, until we are there.' That was my first lesson about the great spirit world. The words of tho simple, untaught girl set me thinking for many a day and night about the places beyond the bounds of earth, where God reigneth. ? There aro two of them,' t said one day, thinking my thoughts out aloud. 'Two of what?' asked Mabel, who 8 tood near. I was covered with confusion, but too much in earnest to prevaricate. ' Two plucks where people go to when they die. I wonder are thev in th« stars V Mabel laughed in pity at my conceit. ' Not in the bright, beautiful, solemn stars, she replied (she was always poet ical). 'Fair angels may be there, but not bad people.' ' Who goes to be with the angels V I questioned. ' Only good people— very good people.' Ah me ! the twinge that answer gave we. I was not good. Not one fair or noble thing could I point to in my diily life. I did not want to liva with God, and I shivered when I thought of tho angels, juicy seemed so vapoury and unreal. But I did want to have some certain comfortable place to ebide in for ever. To be left out in the old, beyond the beauty of the stars, filled me with a vague n la nil. It was then I went to church with Jane, snd heard a sermon, ?' Prepare to meet thy God,' was its theme. I went home and resolutely put away my books and work— mere old toys they were. 1 iecrned a bit of the catechism and a collect, and for the rest of the dav sat gazing moodily up into a paio grey eky, thinking many foolish and perplexed thoughts. I spant a very dull and miserable day. None ever dragged more heavily. That was my first religious cxp-rience. I dou'c know why I should relate it, it ia uot much to tell. But it sounied to mo tlmreafier that 1 had no place in earth ot heaven. No mission here ; no future there. I often thought when I grew older, how complacent people must teel who did really good things ; laying themselves out for some great work, from which thiry expected to wiu u nnMc-r 1m vesi. t!;.--.i 0-- pi-inac of mi.n. If J. ...... y^ itc-i) I- .?:;!? ry them somehow, i,i,i! \\-,L. set dnw!) ir, :;. corner, 1 ahouM fzA -j;.-:ui. Jully «?:. r ;:.-.; f.sid sorry, F knuw, j-.i.^. ? kid ;i- ?! ^-.i ? ;? :ndthmg to ahuw io. ..... tiiiir- -.111 L'j'.vh, ' Well, the missus ia the truth, of ;?. pious lady,' sighed Jane, breaking in on my meditations on the particular Sunday evening of which I have npoken{ 'At ^BrMeein^Bvmorifii^ri«iJH«hoir-alin the afternoon; -&od; ;,goinfr: again now. ^mi^B^^|t^^K^ffif^Av. y%:. 'To sa^ your prayers when you can, to go to church on Sundays, and *' be in love and charity with your neighbours,' replied Jane, glibly. '?; . - She had been well brought up, and might be regarded as an authority on the matter, ' ? ' ' . ' ' ./ I sighed hopelessly. I tried to dc my duty up here all. alone, but it was not half as pleasant as nay mother's. It was, in truth, the hardest thing I ever set my self unto. The 'full choir-all' would have been a diversion ; I might have fur gotten myself and got swallowed up and lost in it. And I so love music. I had often lain awake, even when a little child in my cot, listening to Isabel singing ; and when Oliver, with his rich tenor, joined in — oh, theu I could have cried for pleasure ! ' Do you like it ? he asked one day in a tone of surprise, when he caught a look upon Viiy face, after he bad finished a 6ong. ' Like it 1' I said, gasping sor answer. ' I did nol think you cared,' he replied, more gravely. ' You are such a demure h'tlle puss that no one c:iu tell what you like, or whether you liku anything. I don't underttind you.' I was astonished at this, for I thought there was nothing too harJ for him, and that he comprehended everything by in stinct. I did not understand myself ; but that was no wonder. And nono of us, as I have said, undct stood Oliver. He seemed to live a lifo apart. He was our bread-winner, and every stitch of clothes we wore and every comfort that surrounded mother was bought with his m--»ney. ' It was a horrid shame to tear our gowns, or want new hats so often,' I thought when I dis covered this. But Oliver did not appear to care. There was his allowance at the appointed day and hour, us regular as clockwork; and he never asked what became of it. He knew what duty was. 1 fewind this out with many other things in time, hav ing leisure to obsorve. I* was the motto of his life. He held a Government appointment in Surrey. We had all removed with him from our country home at Buring. He was strong in person, in mind, and char, actor, tall and commanding, stern and observant. You could not be a moment in his company without feeling his power. His eyes looked you through aud through as if he could find out your nature and imagine your whole life. If he didn't understand me it whs because I was too infinitesimal for his conception. I can not imagine the sensations and tiny plea sures cif an insect, nor of anything e!su f.-r the matter of that, which may not find expression in words. ?' Mr. North, we are proud to have you among us,' said the leading man of a deputation which wnited upon him when first we caino to Brownheath. Oliver did not tell this to us, but my mother did many times, adding, willi considerable gusto — ' Now, girls, you have a position. It is a great thing to have ft position, and — to keep it. You must act up to that position ; you mus choose your friends in it; you must marry in it. No one is too good ? no one too high for a lady. And you are ladies, because your brother is a gentleman! Your poor dear father sometimes let him self down ; it waa the only fiiiilt he hn&. I had heard this expression so of tea. with reference to other ihiuga that I felt impatient at all tha weaknesses with which my mother charged her lamented hus band's memory. ' Wo wou't let ouraelcos down,' said Isabel, coolly. 1 That ia right, my dfiir. I admire your i-pirit. The sh-dow of p;iat sorrow may ri'st '-r. :iic, imt — ' ? W.i .-.in «ts Iho siMshiuo of worldly ?V.r.iir rr.3,-ir.-,' iijk-:i us,' put ia M-iL-el, a A.,' ? i :.-.'!i sho turned as-.de and hummed :?-.:?:? ;i.-jt'3, wir.oh I altoi -.v^rda found were Jc n -wigeiow's — i vri-h aad I wish that tbe spring would 'o faster, B Nor long summer bide so late ; And I could grow on like the foxglove and aster, For some thing-s are ill to wait. ' ' I :o-- --..-.t$it'B B'if?s%V*-B«ifl-i-j-.' y-$u~ ij \ ^belwMtfie^Bfi^te^^ ha^BlotoJtL *drhapH-uVf.ir herWlfeoliiig-j cleverness at' «6 Vory early an a»e there'] might have, beon a better chance. 'In Hbu] Jiherof she attached hersBlf to'1 a femaln I friend, and loved her desperately. liStill, j she of Urn sang of an absent sailor lad. She7may have got the idea— for lie 'was only an idea — out of the poem already ': But if she had not a lover, Isabel was persistently aongb.t and followed. Ah, dear me ! there were so many things I could not understand, and one was how my elder sister favoured all her adorers. I often heard her declare of a male ac quaintance of a few hours that ' he was the nicest man she had ever met.' Not in Oliver's hearing, however ; I really think she would have rushed up to the mouth of a loaded cannon sooaer than have uttered sueh a piece of folly in his presence. Yes ; she favoured all but one luckless fellow named Herbert Ingram, who was desperately in loye with her. If he had not been such a fool she never would have treated him as she did. She flirted with a younger brother of his until I really thought she would set him off his head. Oh, how savage he would look ! and how his large, dark, melancholy eyes grew black as 'midnight, and cruel and revengeful ! I always compared him in my thoughts to tliu dreadful Moor, to whom I have already alluded ; and shud dered at the thought of the desperate thiug3 to which he might be driven. ' Isabel, my dear, you shouldn't — you really shouldn't,' our mother remon strated. ' He has a splendid position, mid good means. You are quarelling with your own bread-and-butter.' ' I should bo very sorry to do so.' re turned the imperturbable culprit, helping harsoif in a hnf. miifi'in Oliver had left the breakfast table ere this. ' He is decidedly nobby,' rein- irked Mabel, with despicable slang. Blanche put herself into an attitude ; mother looked severe. 'Your own leading, mothdr,' returned Mabel impertinently. ' It is certainly vulgar, but it is following the lead.' Isabella was serene ; then, with a sud den change of humour, she grew grave, and asked, ' Mother, what co you wish me to do V ' Eiic.mr.iie young Ingrun.' ' Which of them ?' Our lun ^-suffering pirent looked severe again. ' This is too bad,' she said, with evi don! displeasure. ' If your poor dear father nad lived I should not havp this constant worry and anxiety. I have done inv duty in trying to keep you in a proper position. Yo;i know as well as I do that I mean tha elder brother.' It occurred tn inn then that every one has a pet phrase which might bo turned into ii motto. Oliver's was 'Duty;' Lubcl's ' Pleasure ;' and mother's ' Posi tion.' There whs another lover who suffereJ even wore from my handsome sister, but wao deserved better treatment, and that was young Henry B&nbnry;, our brothers assistant. He had lately been appointed to the office, and at Oliver's request passed a week with us while hi3 lodging vwi in preparation. After that ho had entrea of our house. Oliver lilted him ami trusted him ; that was evident. And so he might, for Harry Wiis x\:it one to taku au unman!}' advan tage of anything or anybody. If he could have spoken out, and shown Isabel how much he loved her, it would have been enfiios: for him, poor fellow. But he was always fighting himself, and keeping himself under, and that gave his manner a sort of constraint. On the other h.md she piqued and flattered him by turns ; iomorimes kind p.nd coy, and then again p?rfectl7 rude and ungracious- What he inii3i h..-vo vudun-A no one who has not a high and honourable spi-it can imagine. He was tho only friend of tho family who took any notice of me, or showed me what I considered proper attention, and I felt very grateful for it.'vl'jrould babyoomfbWWP^pf.'^^^ iatihu answer, i^^jUiMH| the head of the^ Irouse, ol 1&iJm;^j§§§l j-.ie,of a^^Mttie^gUL^-iff^^m \ /She shall not be teaiia;intoiL*' '^SjS ?-Decidediy not,' rejoined moHigrra gaining some assurance. '?' ;? - '? *^1^*' That was all I heard about, but llip|*r^ then that Herbert Ingrain could reljr^jp/'; no undue support from my brother. i%J||fe I do not know when I camo '-'.t«K iwl|Sp that these two men disliked each ;'-i-1l8^|? I use the term advisedly, thonjgfif; .'i^ scarcsly describes the true state pt '?'&ejjfty.; case. That anyone could dislike or mis- * trust my nomj orotner without caUse ' was more than 1 cuuld conceive. Yet? the shadow of aversion or suspicion, f however vague, see:ued. cast over hiiniaV,, some indefinable way by our unwelcome visitor. ? . ' ? Yes, unwelcome ; for 1 disliked young Ingram from that time ; and in propor-* tion as l disliked him I liked Harry, Banbury. I am afraid it did not make matters anything better, that in my mis guided presumption I ventured to show on what side my prepossession lay. I* was siioncad immediately ; ani f.jr many ? a d*y thereafter made to repint of my X temerity.. ? , Yet Mabel told me, in a burat of con fidence, th.it Oliver h*d set before Isabel, i in the plainest inaaner, the aivanta-re3 of '. positifin, purse, und power, (tha aHltera- 4 tion is Mabel's, not mine) which wouldr accrue to her from a union with Mr. In gram. I laughed at my clever sister's euphony and then grew grave as the ocaiaion de- ? manded. Oliver must either be very magnanimous, or had no real dislike to '?? Herbert. Why shouid Herbert dislike him? Was it possible he thought my bro- '' ther could play him false? -. But all speculation as tr- the issue was cut short by Isabel's decided refusal of her rich suitor. Mother secretly en treated, Oaxed, and even wept, arid finally fretted herself ill. The haughty . beiuty deliberately turned her back on rauu auu stale, xiien, ivuen everyone . was ieast prepared for it, she gave way to , a frank burst of tears. After this she rose up as if ashamed of tha weakness, ' and walked about with wonderful com posure and dignity, scorning of sympathy and hippily ab-ve suQerin-;. How her., unlucky woaar felt apparently troubled her not a whit. Herbert Ingram took his refusal, but not his dismissal. He came again- and:; again. It seemed as if he could not stay0 away. MoLher cnjourjg-id his visits, aiid'.'f Oliver would uot yet say they should be.-i discontinued. ? '. ., I despised, and vet could not helo ad miring his persUUnce. I fancied if I had ' * been led on as he was, and then thrown ? over, I w uld have shown what I thought - of myself and the girl by avoiding her ^society. Perhaps that would have ag gravated his misery, aud he could not bring himself to judge her unkindly. Ba - that as it may, he dropped in constantly , v& «»?* *?» oiiuig, miiu niiD uiu guuitj yi. roO&M; .r less coquetry soon began anew. The did fire of jealousy was not extinct, and ' blazed up more fiercely than ever. It' became evident that Oliver must soon', / interfere, and that Isabel must either,, be lockod up in hor own room, or Her bert Ingrain forbidden the. house. . ....??-'? Pride he had thrown lo the winds.* His feelings were too deep and real for' mere pique. u 'Mr. Banbury, do you love poetry V*'J ? asked Mabiil, one evening, as we sat:- .' round tha tire after tea. :?/ . l Am not sura tutu l lcuoir what it : - is,' replied Harry, simply. ???'.-?»'. I may explain that .only Oliver called ?' him Harry then, but we came -.o aftar--.' wards, so it seems quite uatv.ral ii;-w. ?.;;?- Mabel curled her lip, and Isabel^ -i laughed. Thereupon Herbert Ingraia ; ' laughed. ; ?'*;'''* \'j. 'You ha-e answered wisely/ aa.ltf*') Oliver id tile pause which ensued* : fX^-''' have some times thought the same my^ivy ' :-'''?? ? ? ????' :_ vvia/wj Cromwell,' p^w^Hwran wi^agmg&c;?: ' Eroiiio. '7' TkaMemW itHii graiid i»Tfh- nit'-vft»-'!pbetr|f;^ rugged ;j«-d iTOthptattt^5^ito^i^¥^ii-Mi wholly -ithftUJtp»%J^^Bdjo«rjiinljr^t without power.' ^^f^S.i'^-'-- ??:?'.':' ?Wot, without #Swer,.;siib-^ Mabel;' looking at her lirotlier umhiich na to fin^, 'Toil -nisd t liace' a mode of_ (expressing ourselves w!iic!i is beyond t|»o comprehen- sion of t :?.' : ~ -' : .' I ' :T!V - ; - ''.'.;'? '?' Rut v.!i .1 :!n1! :.o make of Genera! Wolfe, Lcf-ro tho taking of 'Quebec, who wouid railiei have, been tbe- author of Gray's '' EJegy ', tfson .subdue the city ?' inquired fiat ry, pleasantly. There wjs a laugh at tins, which Appa rently jjratcJ upon Herbert Ingram's feel- ings, tie had been in bad humor ail the evening, and, unable to vent his. spleen on anyone else, for he dared not pick a quarrel with my brother, he tinned to the last speaker, and said drily, ?After such a coition »8 yours I should so to school.* ' You might,' wts the quiet rejoinder. * Aud you J' .'1 9ra in a school. Shall I teach you tone of jtsiessonB? Barry's manner was perfectly calm, but there wa» alight iu his eyes which ivas dangerous. Oliver interfered. ' It's not worth quarrelling about,' lie said. * Hurry, I want you to walk with me to the oflice. I expect a letter by ibo evening mail which will require attention. Ingrain, we hud better, say good night to you before we go.' It was a dismissal. Herbert took it as snch, and rose up immediately. 1 almost pitied him, but when I Baw him enter the house three days later my compassion turned t-i contempt. ' Old Bdiibury Cross is not a locality, but a person,' 6»id Ma'oel that night, as we ivere going to bed. 1 slept in her room. ' He was stuns by Mr. Ingram s imper tinence,' I aiss.veivd, lI thought Mr. Baubnry kept wonderful command ovsr Uisnseit.' ' Ho knew who was looking on, she re turned, significantly, ' I question if he is nut playing a deep game. Oliver should look to Iitta in time. Bit Oliver had already lookod to it, though I did uot know this for certain until much later iu our history. Only after the walk to the office on that even ing, I noticed a chanae in Harry Banbury, aiiei lie came but soldoin to our house. A change too, c.uno over Isabel. £h- grew pettish and c-asiJy offended. Ail her elasticity of spirit seemed to pass away ?when the exciting game of playing off one lover against another failed. Oliver saw Lor at her best, and I think ho was pleased. But we wjmen — her mother and sisters— who were behind the 6cenes, did not find her at all improved in manner or temper. ?Bad slie liked Herbert Ingram after all, I thought, and only teased him to show her 'power ! 1 dismissed Iho ;dc.i almost as seen as it occurred, for ench a thing was beyond my comprehension. Since then 1 have seen women piny with the love which was their highest glory, as children might catoh atsuubeams, dancing in them awhile, and theu deliberately torn their backs upon the brightiifess, as if to make believe that gloom and isolation were better. But Isabel would not have done this. No, she woutd never have been mad ' enough— for in spitb of her coquetry and volatile nature she was no fool— to re f use to unite her fate with that of one she really loved. UHAPTER Hi; THE LOST BAB. 1 laid my nurse's ghost when I left Boring at a tender age, and with a tender iheart then I got credit for possessing. She wrb buried under the shadow of an old wall, which I afterwards heard tumbled down upon the ((rare, And covered it with rubbish. So let my miloved and unlovely childhood be once for all buried out of ? —'. 'eight, ~ .-.. * A few things only remain to be told, ?' ?? ' 'which I have omitted in niy opening pages. \- One was, tuy father held the office of a collector of Inland Revenue, and had a '?-. : ' reasonable income, which, of course died -;? ?'. With i him. He had lived up to it, his ??r .r-liffc '*a« not inoured. tnd his widow's an :i ' , inuity'is -not worth mentioning. .Tt was ? '.&-. 7J!|fjtan ins sisters: wete Soft orphans that *-'? '?OHwi'.canie to the. iront, und took upon . fcJrnnrJf +Kii hnrden of fh-3 fatnilv oruvk !/ 4^&'.'^:^tep'by step, he had risen from ibeln|'B junior in tlie office of an engineer -. . «tfBpr|ng^ By. Ms .own _ merit and ability, ; '^hrenjgb, |he^b^e^!O^B jc^tef, he wo8 K |prb^t)^l ib a place t-f tngVlrufli at Bro wn- '|^I6yed^,prS|B|^d^«i^^rM not '^^Ri^/moaro-^er.^iei.^^., .Be itaaj^dtiiud attadi?d#,^Vthb;j||^i and, teought^ uiitil the v:eiM upon. % fore head stpod out -like ^hipoprd, jind' i*o£ joumps ite^jie^heiaBelyM^Qr^^jeiriiir^ , ' pf^Hbat irtrethey, Mabell^I me^M^ alarin... ;_:., . : ..^-_ _,„... ,.' ... *._.,_., ?. _ ',_ ; ... i *Paus»lity,_w»y 4ear.-' *% answered : I looked my ignorance. ,, 'Little fool !' she exclaimed, : you never willknow anything. It is ^ea8pn iug about causes. .- ..?. ,. .. ... ; ' And what is lie doing, sitting with: a ?crap of paper always before him!' I. ventured to . inquire. .. ' He nerer writes, anything upon it.1 : _ ... , 'He is looking for a lost barj1 she ex.. plained. ' ;?. I was afraid of being called n fool again, so held my peace. But whether . myf; brother was in quest of a ' loat cord.-'ora lost line, of n bar of music or a bar of metal, I could not fell, ~ ? . : I was Boon to know. Mother sentmo to his room one evening on an 'errand. It was a 6ue summer's evening — shall I: ever forget it ?— and the sky was a glory of tenderness. The last rAys of sunlight streamed in through tho open window's, ' and there was a delicious fragrance in the . air.- I passed along the corridor until. I. reached his door — the door of a small private office nr study which cmnmuni. cated with his drefsing-rooin. The latter in turn opened off his brdroom. . I knocked, but (here was no miswer. I knocked again and again ; then I took courago, and pushed t!ie door'a little way open. My heart Blood still. He hid cone inad? Re was standing in the rmddie of the rocra, running his' fingers through his hair, which was w.is ruffled. up to the top of his head. His eyos were stariiifl; wildly before him, yet there w,is a gleam in them o'ljoy and surprise r.jther thin of insanity. Ha was undor terri-jle cx-.'it-!tuont. Suddenly he saw me, iincl, darting fur ward, seizpd me under the arms, swing. ing me routid and round. 'Oh, don't please, don't V I cried, pan ling with terror. ' Oliver, what is it?' ' Only tliis,' he cried, setting me |npon my feet again, r.nd il ranging me upnu to a quaint, old-fashioned bureau. ' Okly this ! ' On it lay a piece of yellow p4-?r with a. transverse bar isiarKcu iheieon by a heavy pi'iicil. At one eml was a big di-t, and at the other was a divergent line, and as if tho pencil had suddenly shot upward there of itself, without olijeet or mean ing. ' la that the lost bar V I asked. He was too much engrossed by hisoR-n feelings to show surprise at my question. He simply throw his arms out and cried liked the philosopher of old. ' Eureka — Eureka ! I lmve found it !' I always was a goose. I don't know bow I could have withstood a ghost — ewen an old noman'fi, when I could not bear to stand b ? my brother in this moment (if overpowering joy. I turned »nd fled — fled for roy life, pursued by horrible laughter and the mad cries, ' I have found it!' That was the only time I had erer seen my brother really excited — possessed, I should say. He had invented a piece cf machinery five years before, but it would not answer his purpose. Something was wrong, aud he could uot make out, where in it failed. Suddenly the juissinjj lost bar suggested itself, and when he was about to throw the plan altogether aside, success crpnued his labours. Thenceforth he was to become famous. He w:is to take out a patent, and be known as a genius in cis line, a tiguc in ins any ana generation — a sort of public benefactor. ' You are not afraid of ine, Connie ? ' lie inquired afterwards, whan he was so berer. * I wap,' I BHSWercd timidly. ' Well, never be so a^ain. That queer JiUJe drawing which I nearly went mad -yver will save a lot of money, aud help tnen.mpru.thau you can think.' ' ' Yoju will get something for it,' I re plied, my mind going back to its early riewB of future reward. ' ' Oliv«r4wiked^t(«ie keenly k; 'il i 'louiare tofilyonnKito knoy the raloe of Wonny,V*e «aid. ? ' Do you want any thing P* ; But «*pS8're& Him I'bad eriongh hnfto ? spate Jof- tevery imaginablo thing wider 'the MttOi. ^-{Ji ':.,,,, ...;. 'y, ' , ...... , . 'Happy childJ'heEaid.langhing. Oh, Jitowttei words mocked taol I had a 'KoraanV fiensltive heart withput jits charge. ? Bat ittit^eitbout its joy even theu ; . thank Q6a f of ithia. '. I enjoyeS toy tetftherV^ uture reaown. vl: gloried ia liis fanoiodsuoooss.- I. rested in the rest which bod come iuto his life. No more would bis brow^ be Jtnit, or his head acho with thinking1. The goal was reached -theorize within srrasD. ? . ? . . ? But ah 1' doe; any tliiujf on earth ever pome #p to on* bright anticipations? Weil, pot hapti'dBB 'tMag -loes— the joy of finding oub'# self beloved; but that I had never : .Yet sras not niy heart poor f It had sud denly grown deep and wide, and 'full and rich. lit held a wealth of tenderness, a world, of. pride' and satisfaotiou. My brother would' be 'great, and his talents ' acknow ledged. He had not toiled in vain, or spent his fltrepgth;for nopght. \- 'You must not speak of this di soever v for a while, /iJoouie,' he said. ' These things are never talked about until they are in fair training.' ...-?.. ; . . . ' What;tiainmg:?' ''Till the pateut U out, if yon know what that means. . Gan you keep a seorct !' ? Try mo.' ? i nave mott you. xousaw me on my guard.' -:No5f I mu-t pee yon on yours.' ' Does mother know ?' I asked. ?Not yet.' 'Nor the girls?' 'They would not naderstand,' he auB wered grimly. I did aiot understand, but I knew. And as for betraying the .secret, if be had bottled it up and Bent it to (he bottom of the ocean, where tho Great 3£astcrn was lvying1 the Atlantic cable, it could not have been safer. No tidal wave would wash it to '-the surface. (To be continued.) 