CAIiDrNAJj MANNING. OLIVER CBOITWKTJ. {By W. T. Stkad, IS "The Retasw of Kkvtkws.") It wifl prebaWy eurpriac n»<wt people when I say ihaJr the first conversation I ever had with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiefly because of tii*? eulogy whim he pronounced on ilia character of Cromwell. I am an Independent, and the bon of an Independent, and I am pi-oud to lielong to a denomination which am boast the Lord Protector as it* Hero-Saint. His portrait, painted on an oak panel of the seventeeoth ceutuiy, looks down upon me fjx>m the walls of my new sanctum : and his day of double victory aiul death" r :ird Septeiiiber) mnks with 30th January as one of the re<lletter days of my yew. Iu the coarse of a. long antj interesting conversation the name of Oliver was mentioned. I said I supposed he was in scant favour with a Itoman Cardinal. You are mistaken,"' said he ; " you are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. I put that entirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted uot as a Chrintiau. but as a Moslem. But, looking at him apart from that Irish expedition. I have always regarded" Oliver O rum well as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Imperial destinies of England abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the common people at home." As iticmuch more to me to be in agrecinfint;jmjfaiott* .Sftbont pS^tiU^^^ieS-ed afihereplied.How t admire the wily IJaiduiai, and how well he knew bis bird." i - OLIVER CBOMWKI.I. IS X0T CarJilial Manning nersr puis on side.'' Tberejire thx.se trrio say tiiat in dealing with » m.Heof the Prince of < hurc » tbajl hc 18 who are of other • ommunious. But so far as I have seen him be has always been tin; same—genial and hospitable. I have see-i him at all houiu between iOauil 10, and never foun 1 him disturbed by iny intrusion. Possibly if people called upon him merely lor gossip he might be different. I have usually gone on business of , ... . - , o w kl found "i him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy aud helpful counsel. Speaking one day of his position in England to a visitor from Rome the Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all respect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Qneen, and said : My priests are a very devoted body of men. but so completely has the ancicnt prejudice died out that I sometimes think that we are even too well thought of in England. But," .said he, afterwards, "I always remind them that our Church in England is respected because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothing ior itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by evety British citizen. If I were to claim to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege which was not possessed by anyone else, what a storm there would be".' Never forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is only sleeping, and at any moment he may wake up," XOSCOXROBXISIS AXD AXGLICAXS. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Borne because he believed that there alone could be found absolute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain in the world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to the Cardinal the Nonconformists are nearer the Catholic Church than the Anglicans : and of the Nonconformists the nearest art the Quakers. The Quakers, he has frequently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. " They limit tbe workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." He was particularly pleased at my recognition of the Quakerlike character of the service of the Catholic Church. The morning "Mass, is a Quakers' meeting plus a genuflecting tjelebraat, whose presence you need not even notice if you dose your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. He quoted with approve 1 the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some one lightly predict the coming downfall of England, TOmarked—" If you knew England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England to pass safely through crises "which have overwhelmed other empires, his hove foe childeks.-. Unlike moBt Koman eccle^^ Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived i. ttle or(li£ary ordinary human relations. Whente speak of the home as tbe sacred foundation of society, ' he differs from the normal priest, who by £ae conditions of his calling is homeless and wifeless. Cardinal Manning has been married. He lias had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. His love for children is with him an abiding passion, and it is this which constitute* the close tie of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh. the indefatigable director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has lieen so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Banwrdo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh that the Cardinal published " The Child of the English Sayage"—that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of ourpeople to their duties to the outcast child. I t was through the Cardinal that Her Majesty iutimated her intention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society : and in the Cardinal Mr. Waugh has found from first to last an energetic and invaluable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Many have been tbe speculations as to the figure which the Cardinal will make in history. Some have pictured him as the tribune of the poor, others as an incipient Hildebrand, others as a nineteenth-century Loyola, but I prefer to think of him as the loving-hearted old who, when his heart i.s filled with ecstacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in the name of Him who said, " Suffer the little children to come unto lie, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." IS 1885. During the time of the agitation that Jed to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in 1885 the Cardinal was my most effective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strength and unfailing help in every time of need. It was he who suggested the Mansion- house Committee, on which he subsequently served, and be covered me as with a shield by his generous and his unstinted support I remember at an early stage in tbepro- ceedings I remarked with aemUcthat Immht jSnd tnysrif in gaol before the work was done. He remarked—" Well, if so, X will comt and see you there:" He was not well enough that dismal find foggy winter to come to Holiowav, nor* was there any need, for the imprisonment which T had anticipated was of a very different kind to that which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the work was done, when no one understood what was aimed at. I might have been run in and punished as if I had actually committed tha crime I was seeking to expose. After the Criminal Law Amendment Act was passed, the snbsequent trial and imprisonment did not count. The only purpose which they served was to immeasurably increase the impression produced by the anginal revelations, and force one out of an anonymity which until then had been so strictly guarded that my name was hardly known to anyone beyond iny fttxaily and professional circle. Certainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever ' conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in every direction as the process by which it was sought to crush me. But it was a taking time while it lasted, ai.d the Cardinal stood by me through it all in face of a storm of obloquy which would hive daunted most ?nen. I look back upon that year with boundless gratitude to the innumerable friends, most of them before unknown, who supported ms with a real and enthusiism which I waB far from desetving. And among mv Catholic supporters there was none so stanndi and true as the Cardinal. Th® first lette* which I received fat Coldbath Fields prison, which was given m# at «<ime when I wns forbidden to^ receira any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a grwting which it was well worth having gone to gaol to receive. ' "Kbmsnberll, 1885. " Mi Dear Mr. stead,—' All things work together, for (rood to Jthem that love Go(L» You have served Him,'with a wngleeye. And the work has been done as you wrote on the sentence. No sentence can undo it. You quoted my urorda in the North. Ton have now the crown upon ycur work, thai u to <nt<f«r f errors of judgment and alitealbmcb of the law which left the moral life of England almost without defence. I have so strongly, felt this and have so clearly seen through the animosities against you that I believe what haa now befallen will work some unforeseen and greater good for your consolation. Whatsoever it may be in my power to do shall be done. May God give "you His peaice.—Believe me, always yours very faithfully, Hexr* E-.Card. Archbp." Nobly did he fulfil his promise. Never have I apoealedto him from that time to this to help me in anv work in which we were of one mind that I did not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. AH IKPtEIAL EX0LI6H3IAS. When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire aud believed in England, and were capable of taking wide views. In my list of those who answered to that description I put the Cardinal at the top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all the years that I have known him there has never been an effort made to strengthen Ed gland abroad or to protect her at home that he has not been in the forefront. Whether it has been the strengthening the navy, the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the develop meat of the volunteers, the cheapening of postage over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal. Iu one respect undoubtedly Bom has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a wide outlook. It famf'tarises them with the conception of the world as a whole, which delivers them from parse! ialifiin. You see this in any Irish priest who was educated abroad ; you feel it at every turnui^toA^h^^^^^palace.- Butalthm^h Jft^oombinBs the spirit pf^ Pataereton .with': fcbe philanthropy of • :»; Shaftesbury, and .mingles with both a tenderness and patience and kindly sympathy for tbe like df which I look fn^vain among other men. EXfiXEB-tUXX IX A BED HAT. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject racas. He is a Home Buler to the heart's core. No man that I know, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to him always the Ifl« of the Saints. At the Vatican Council the Iri^h bishops aeem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lauds. When their faults come to light, he ex- cuses them on the ground of the oppression of ceutuiies. Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholic Church, which counts the children of St. Patrick as itB missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was being vehemently abiiBed, he hastened publicly to takie his stand by his side aud identify himself with his Iris'i brother. For Archbishop Ctoke he has always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although he is strong for Home Rule he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dismemberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when" in an evii hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter-hall under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are bis sympathies limited to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from me to pry into the mysteries of the Curia ; but it is an open secret that Cardinal alarming, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has spared no effort to convince the Vatican that the day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. THE CHBISXIAJr SOCIALIST. The Sociai <jue?fioii is to Cardinal Manning the question ot questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the removal of their temptations—all questions relating to the amelioration of their lot—are constantly with him. He is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that " i starving man has a natural right to bis neigh hour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of property." They must know little of life, he inconstantly reminding as, " who do not know what ruin of men ana women comes from the straits of poverty." There is an admirable article in ihe thud volume of his " MleceOanieaV which is entitled « A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spirit of Him who came to seek and to save those who are lost. Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. HIb whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike—of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory—he only did on a wider platform, and in eight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller Bcale. 