THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Koyal. " The English Hose." —Princess' Theatre. "TiieGondoliers." \- 13ipu Tlieatrn. Impulse." -Opera House. " Paul Jones." —Alexandra Theatre. " Kew Babylon." —Victoria Hall. The U.S. Minstrels. —Waxworks and Mussuui. Japanese Wonder Workers, —Cyclorama. Battle of Waterloo. —Letter at this otliee for Walter Modus. —The J5o»baiis are at the London Pavilion. —Sir Uharlesaud Lady Halle ;make their London reappearance uii the iiotn October at cne Monday " Pops." —Hlanil Holt and Company are now winding up their Melbourne triumphs, una will put in the cbristmas at HUBTUT. —Kalph I3oldrewood, author of " Hobbery Under Arms," is uow at work on a new story, "Tiie Colani&l; ltetoruier.' \- A jockoy named jilmest Allan died at Caulfleld from injuries sustaiutd uiruugh (ailing witu a pony at ttie Jiippodi'ome, —Messrs. A. Hayman and C. Frohman intend producing "The RugUsn Jioiie" iu Jiostou, and afterwards at the lialdwiu Wieatre, Sin Francisco. —Miss Isftbol Morris has brought an action against Jobu Mtiguire, lato leBeue of the San Francisco tir&ud; Optra Uouse, for £000, (or hrea.cu of contract. —The London Entr'acte (Ocb Sept.) contains a capital illustiatiou ul Jolly John Nasli, who, by-tbe-way, made himself so immensely popular during liis brief tfcuy in Melbourne. —Mr. Luigi L&blaclie; is producing the " Silver King " at aiargaii?. Tiie cast includes " Little " Page, wlio is the Jailus. Pago was a member of Geo. liiguuld's " Called back " Co. iu Melbourne. —Miss Gouevieve Ward bas secured the English dramatic rights ol George Ohnet's " lis Dernier Amour." She should Kave iu itacnaractertor the due embodiment of which this fine actress is eminently litlfld. -Mr. DanipiBraud his popular company will re-open at the Alexandra Theatre on Saturday night next in a graud revival of "llobbery Under Arms," Miss Lily and Mrs. Dumpier ttili appear in thair original characters. -Quite a flutter of lady elocutionists and vocalists will taka pjiica in connection witll Martin Kordo's bout-fit, amongst others Misses lUiuuia Langtiau, Maggie Parr, Lotlie Sullivan, Harriet Oooinbes, Mary Keliy, Annie liuhrke, &c.;, ."vx. -Charlie Wallace, late of the well-known firm of Brown, Nowland and Wallace, has, under the advice of several London managers, formed a now nigger burlesque team, and will shortly take tbeui lor a preliminary canter through the provinces before trotting thein about the London lialls. —We all knew Ltllio Linden (Mrs. 3". M. Claris) of the Clark aud ltyinan Company. Well, the sad intelligence of her death lias just reaped Melbourne, sue died of typhoid fever in No* Vork. The deceased lady was well known to Melbourne playgoers, a lady of a Swanstou-Btreetliotel. —Mdiue.Adelina Patti has signed a contract for twelve appearances iu liuasia—Bin at St, PetorBburg and six at Moscow. As a slight honorarium " lia Diva del bel Canto" will receive the piltry sum of twelve thousand i/uitieas, also travelling expenses for herself and suite. Her first appearance in St. Petersburg will be on lltb Jauu&ry; next. —Little Ida Heath (a one-time Melbourne favourite), the transformation dancer, hae fairly " caught on " with the Ijeriioers at the beautiful new Coneord.a Theatre. She liss made the success of her life there, aud bap bad oilers from all parts of Germany; but Bhe must return to Euglaudat Christmas to fulfil ber engagements at the Oxford and Tivoli. —The patrons of the Alexandra Theatre are about to have a series of surprises sprung upon tbeni, for during the Ulaud Holt season Mr. Dampier has not been idlfe. On the contrary, he buB been "up to his neck to It" getting new pieces ready. The popularity of the veteran Dampier was ably exemplified duriog ills provincial triii, the buBintss being pheuomenal. —When Mrs Laugtry was going to produce "Macbeth' in New Yoik she bitou tlieidea oi dressing all the people Bbout the theatre in Scottish costumes. Hut Bhe reckoned without her bo&t-or;, rather, without consulting the coloured attendants on the doorsteps. Tbis is what one of tlieui had to Bay on tbe subject:—"I'll go on de roof 'a shovel snow; I'll walk da tight rope across de stage ; 111 play nuy part dey axes me, from ae star to de Booper-111 do anything, say, cept'n prance around de door wid me legs all naked aud bar i 'Taint right to subject a giu'elman to iudiguity like dat in dese cibberlised times 1" —B&ye; a borne paper:—"Other actors are now in Australia who ib&va; played most of Mr. Toole'a parte, and many of these mummers are younger men than Mr. Toole; and having established themselves in the colony, they stand at an advantage when compared with oar own deservedly popular comedian. The fact is, Mr. Tooleh&B; beeD in many casBS regarded as an interloper." —The Royal Standard Dramatic Company are touring very successfully through the Lakes and Goldfields of Ofcago, being due on the West Coast for Christmas. Tbe company includes Messrs. Frank Gerald, Stilling Duff, Chas. Berkeley, B. W. GrevUIe and F. Belobor, Mies Idrene Thornton (Mrs. Collet Dobson), Miss Goorgie Bmitheon (the New Zealand favourite), Miss Mabel Fitzroy, etc. —Joe Einmett again, this time at Delmonico's, tbe famous New York restaurant. Mr. Einmett, the actor, was sitting at one of the 50 tittle tables ol the establishment, when he noticed a wealthy " dude *' near him give the waiter the following curioOa order:—" Give me half a broiled chicken, ana be sure to mention my name." Then came another " dude," who dropped languidly into his seat, with the order:—"Bring 026 some roast clams, and mention my name." Emmett, tickled with tbe idea, and imitating tbe voices of his neighbours, called to tbe waiter in tones loud enough to be heard throughout the hall:—''You bring me twelve clams on tbe half shell, and mention my name/or every clam." —Puppa, Puppa, pleaBe tell me, Oh, when will Uncle Tom be free ? Massa bas bad bis Jittle court case, that is, " pore old Uncle Tom" has sued the Widder for screw. Only fancy, the angel-loving Uncle Tom getting bis back up becauBethe ghost didn't walk as anticipated one fine treasury day. A shower of well-known theatrical managers were is attendance as wit nee SOP, tbe "genialB " including the ever-greeo Damnier, the Ume- Jtgbtiao Darreii, etc. Tbe free show didn't come off though. With such a collection as this, a charge might be made, and the proceeds turned over.to tbe poor-box. It would prove a great draw —The Jate Dion Boucicaalt:—"I remember when I was quite a boy," wrote one of tbe ablest theatrical critics in New York & abort time ago, " going one night into tbe old Hope Chapel, in Broadway, to hear a young man lecture. I can't recall now what the lecture was about. But I remember tbe young man. He was slim and seedy and handsome, and tbe audience was slimmer. It boro the air of an expedient to get sooje immediate money. But the wit, vivacity and Parisian deftuose of tbe speaker charmed everybody. Do you know who that wasV It was I3oucicau)t, Some years after I met another mau. IIo was liviug Jike an emperor, in regal style. He received me with cbe mingied ease of a Kotbacbild and tbe bonhomie of a Bohemian. He bad Berfs and secretaries and lacqueys. A hundred cities paid tiibes to him, and a hundred thousand people paid deference. That was Boucicault, too. Again 1 saw another fellow. It was in a cold Neve England to wo, in a cold dressingroom, with a poor bouBe. Bad business, poor company. Same man. He carried bis Aladdin's lairp on that little bald bead. When bo had enjoyed poverty for a time be rubbed ir. Prestol Now we go back to tbo palace for a change, my dear. Too much ': poverty gets tiresome." » This epitomises the career of tbe gifted dramatist whose death was announced in a recent cablegram. 