-??.o « REVIEW. .' / ' TWO GREAT POETS. AtoWd* : Ter.ciet and Fact». By ROBERT BBOWNIWO. T^ -teon: Smith, Elder, and Co., 1890. ? I .iWVns ejnljr" the o'her.day that we were'«ailed Bpon-ro chronicle the death pf one of the greatest writers of .English verse in .our times, and his last .winrae is now in hie. readers' hands. This book appeared while yet Robert Browning lay sick onto death in the. Palazzo Rszzonico, at Venice. His friends were already felicitating each other en this proof of the aged poet's vitality when he breathed his last, leaving the little volume as a sign that his robust intellect ¿ad k'pt its full vigour, and that-the writer had retained his old power, his old ruggedness and tenderness, and his old familiar peculiaritie». It is probably due to the affectations of Browningism and the puerilities ' of a self-admiring clique .that the great poet is not more read than he is. There is a quality of virility and terse expressiveness in tnost of what he has had to Fay that must con- tinue to be in tho highest degree refreshing to the reader, weary of the empty .phrasings and the wordy wilderness that characterise so much of the1 world's work both in verse and prose. It is true that a taste severely ' formed on Addison or Pope will find "a good deaK that, is bewildering in Browning, This is probably be- cause the style of the two former is little more than rsatter-of-fact, while the nervous expressiveness of the other is full of suggestion and prompting to the mind, his rugged phrases irradiating like a flash of lightning the labyrinthine mozes of those metaphysical themes to which Browning was so prone. This, though not likely to make a popular kook, will always make it a fresh source of in- tered to the reader Browning wrote for-the reader, namely, who looks for the results and not the pro cessess of thought, and who can find his way without the leading- strings of bis author being ' always evident to the casual ' touch. How far Browning's obscurity and ruggedness are due to tho restraints of metfei« another question, If it be true as one critic puts it, that From the rhyme's roslriotive rigour Verse derives its impulse oft, ¿nd that what we take for a particularly bold flight, of dariog speculation is ofton merely suggested by the exigency of the rhyme, it is conversely true that the ever-present necessity of making tho thought fit the verse is responsible for many a ¿ana-Ufa' in literature that masquerades.under tho pretence of mystery. It was Byron, who said of a verse in "Childe Harold'! which oven now.attracts attention aa a rather fine flight of soaring philosophy, something to the effect that his rhymes ran away with him to such a degree that he really could not ' paraphrase his own stanza in qnestisn without affronting his intellcetual'self-respect The steadiest as well as tbe flightiest of verse-writers who work in the inflexible. adamant of the English tongue are liable to this kind of thing more or lesa. The un- pleasant feature of tho case is that some are subject to it apparently rather more than less. . Beaders of Browning will find, all the old charac- teristics in thia book. It is dedicated to Hrs. Arthur Bronson, and it borrows ita curious title from the retreat of that Queen Cornaro who made j at Asolo,in. the fifteenth century, a little court of poets and philosophers like that of the good King Reno' of Provence. The name is derivable, says tho poet in his dedication, from a word ascribed to the inventiveness of the anoient secretary of Queen Cornaro, the Cardinal Bembo-Asolare, " To disport in the open air, amuse one's self at random "-but there is a degree of uncertainty about this... The book opens with a prologue which is to some extent reminiscent of Wordsworth's famous ode, as when we rend, "The poet's age ls sad; for why ? In youth the natural world could show iso common object but his eye At once involved with alien glow His own soul's iris bow. | " And now a flower is just a flower; . Man, bird, beast are but beast, bird, nun Simply themselves, uncinct bv dower Of dyes which, when life's day began, Round each in glory ran. " , Thia is the disillusion of age. It is still more strongly shown a little further on, for those who remember how Browning has idealised all that is Italian, and how completely he wrought himself into his fancies, and his fancies into his work. " How many a year, my Asolo, . Since-one step just from sea to land-> I found you, loved yet feared you so For natural objects seemed to stand Palpably ilre-clotbed ! --. " And now ? The lambent flame is-where f liOet from the naked world ; earth, sky, Hill, vale, tree, flower-Italia's rare O'er running beautv crowds the eve But flame P The bush is bare.'" This is the very pathos of advancing years, when things have lost their ideality, and the light has indeed faded off the land and sea. But thero is not muoh of this tone of sadness in the volume, and the note is only struck so plainly once again at tho end, On the oontrary, there are vivid life-like sketches of everyday .existence taken from tho old Italian chronicles, and. done in Browning's best narrative manner, with' comment on topics of everyday dis- cussion, such as vivisection, and fugitive bits of tenderness and emotion. There is a little morceau hore called "Summum Bonum." that the poet might have written SO years ago, so full of life is it, and so dainty in ita cameo-like workmanship " All the breath And the bloom of the year in the bag of one bee : All the wonder and wealth of the mine in the heart of one gem : In the cure of one pearl all the shade and the shine of the sea : Breath and bloom, shade and shine,-wonder, wealth, and-how far above them Truth, that's brighter than g<>m, Trust, that's purer than pearl, Brightest truth, purest trust in the universe-all were for me In tho kiss of one girl." One of tho longest pieoes in the book is called " Beatrice Signorini," tolling with characteristic charm a singular incident in the life of Franco'co Romauelli, a painter ; full of the romantio colour of tho art-life of the Middle Ages, aud rich with the life-blood of realism that pulsates in all these poams of Browning. "Ponte deel ' Angelo, '.Venice," is a popular chronicle in verso, telling how a damion in the shape of an ape served an extor- tionate lawyer until ono of the saints of the period detooted bim under his disguise. < The saint propounds a conundrum to tho ape whioh might woll puzzlo a creature of' loss then its diabolic subtlety. In one form or other it has been current ever since: '.' How cornea it, warp truth in this story of thine,. God's punishment suffered a moment's delay ? Weeks, months have elapsed since thou squat tedst at watch Por a spring on thy victim ; what caused thee decline . Advuütuge till challenged to-day ?" In another characteristic piece of portraiture we got a story of Pope Sixtus V., whose lovo of justice led him abroad, after nightfall, like tho good Haroun Alraschid, to see for himself tho condition of tba poor. The poem is called " The Bean Feast" and it rolates how the Popa supped with a poor family and heard ita story. " He was the ínan-Popo SixtUB, that Fifth, that swineherd'« son : He know the right thing, did it, and thanked God when 'twas done." On this occasion ho chanced in a blind alley on a ttirnble-down hovel, where a " man and wife, lad and lass," sat at tbeir meal of beans. The visit disquieted thom, " mightily munching," but Sixtus explains :- . ' . "'Fear nothing ! Who employs me requires the plain truth. Pelf Beguiles who should inform me; so, I inform myself. See !' and he threw his hood back, let his close vesture ? ope, 1 Showed face, and where on tippet tho oross lay : 'twas tho Popo. Imagine tho joyful wonder ! ' How shall tho like of us Poor souls-requite such blessing of our rude bean- i feast?' 'Thus- ' Thus amply!' laughed Pope Sixtus. 'I early rise, sleep late: Who works may eat: they tempt me, your beans ' there : spare a plate !' Down sat he on tho doorstop'; 'twas they this time said grace: Be ate up the lost mouthful, wiped lips, and then, with face Turned heavenward, broke forth thankful : 'Not now that cart!; obeys Thy word in mine, thntthrough me the people* know Thy wavs- ' '' "*** iBut...lhat .ï'hy , cate .extendoth.to .Nature'!, homely ' weutf,' And, while men's mind is strengthened, Thy good- ness nowice scants Men's body of Ita comfort.'' That I, whom kings and queens . ." : . ?: Croueh to, pick crumbs from off my bible, relish beans! - ? The thunder* I' but seam to launohj there »lain Thy baud all see: " That I have appetite, digest, and thrive-that boon's for ine.**" Tho democratic element in the Papacy'makes the chronicles of mcdiasyal Italy full of ; grote°quolv-contrasted incident and oharaoter, and . Browning has always delighted to work mp thi» abundant literary material. In another poem here, " Tho Pope »nd tho Net," he returns to this prolifio ne d; to real it ia tb recall the Browning of old time. " What, he on whom our voices unanimously ran, Made l'ope at our last Couolavef Fall low his life began: His father earned the daily bread as just a fisherman. " So much the more his boy minds book, gives proof of mother-wit, . - Becomes first Beacon, and then Priest, thea Bishop: . see him sit ? No less than Cardinal ere long, while no one cries 'Uufitl' . "But someone smirks, some other smiles, jogs elbow, and node bead ; Each winks at each: ' 'I-faith, a rise I Saint Peter's net, instead Of sword and keys, is come in vogue ! ' Toa think' he blushes red? ' ' " Not he, of humble holy heart ! « Unworthy me I ' h» . sighs : ' From fisher's drudge to Church's prince-it is indeed arise: " So, here's , my way to keep the fact for ever In my ' . eyes! ' '! And straightway in.Us palaoe-hall, where commonly ie set , Some coat-of-arms, some portraiture ancestral, lo, we met His mean estate's reminder in his fister-father'a net ! " Which step conciliates all and some, stops cavil In a trice : 'The humble holy heart that holds'of new-bom pride no spice ! ''.-.. He's inst the saint to chose for. Pope !' Each, «ddt, .Tia my advice.' '; . , " So, Pope he waa: and when we flocked-its »sered slipper on To kisB his foot, we lifted ey ss-alack! the thing was gone- '' That guarantee of lowlihead,-eclipsed that star which ?hone I " Each eyed hi» fellow, one and all kept silence. I cried 'Pish! ' I'll make me spokesman for the rest, express thé com- mon wish. Why, Father, ia the net removedV 'Son, it hath caught the fish.' " Here, ai usual with the post, he has caught th« true spirit of the witty and keen Italian satire of its heyday period. The most remarkable poem in the book, however, both for sustained vigour, and realism and the vividness of its characterisation, is that with tlie fragmentary title " ImperanU Augusto natus «sf--" suggested by the déification of Caius Octavius Cosar, "ten ycarsTriumvir.Consul thirteen times." After tho panegyric bf Lucius Varius Bufus, the speaker, who is telling the tal« to a companion in a Roman bath, encounters a beggar outside tho Templo of Jupiter, to whom he gives an abms, Th« beggar's hat and doak fall baok, and " '.Those sparkling »ye» beneath their eyebrows" ridge (Each meets each, and the hawk-nose rules between). \--That was enough; no glimpse waa needed morel And terrifyingly into my mind Came that quick-hushed report was whispered, a» They do say, onoe a year, in sordid garb He play* the mendicant, aita all day long .,';.,: > . Asking and taking alma of who »say pass, ' And so averting, if submission help Fate's envy, the dread chance and change of thing». Then Fortun*-for a word, a look, a nought Turns spiteful and-the felled lioness Strikes with her sudden paw, and prone fall« »ach Who patted late her neck superiorly, Or trifled with those claw-tips velvet-sheathed.' '. He's God !" shouts Luoius Varius Rufus. "Man "And worms'-meat »nv moment !" mutters low Some Power, admonishing the mortal-born. Ay, do you mind P There's meaning in the fact That whoso conquers, triumphs, enters Roms . Climbing the.Catiitalian, soaring thus ' To glory's summit.-PubliuB, do you mark P Ever the same attendant who, behind, Above the Conqueror's head support« the crown All too-demonstrative for human wear, -One hand's employment-all the while reserve» Its follow, backward flung, to point how, cloe» Appended from the car, beneath the foot Of the up-borne exulting Conqueror, Frown-half-descried-the instrument« of »hame, The malefactor's due. Crown, now-Cross, when Î . Who stands secure? Are even gods io safe r Jupiter that just now is dominant Are not there ancient dismal tales how ono» A predecessor reigned ere Saturn came P And who can say if Jupiter be last P. Was it for nothing the groy Sibyl wrote " Cowar, Augustus regnant, Bhall be born In blind Judica"-ouo to master him, Him and the universe ? An old wife's tale P*. " ' " Development " deals with the kind of subject Browning has always liked to: play with, and "Speculative" is full of matter almost savagely condensed. "Rephan" is a poem of somewhat the same class, suggested by a vory early recollection of a prose story by " the noble woman and imagina- tive writer, Jane Taylor, of Norwich." "Beverie" shows the poet once more in a familiar mood, VI know there shall dawn a day -Is it.here on homely earth Ï Is it yonder, worlds away, Where the strange and new have birth, " That Power comes full in play P . « . . . " Somewhere, below, above, Shall a day dawn-this I know When Power whioh vainly strove My weakness to o'orthrow, Shall triumph . . . . ' I . # . « . ' ' " " Then life is-to waka not sloep, Rise and not rest, but press From earth's level where blindly oreen Things perfected, moro or leas, ' To tho heaven's height, far and ateep, - Where, amid what strifes and storms May wait the adventurous quest, I Power is Love-transports, transform» Who aspired from worst to beet, bought the soul's world, spurned the worms'. '" I " I have faith such end shall be : From tho first. Power wes-I knew. Life has made clear to me That, strive but for cioser view, Love were as plain to seo. " When see ? When there dawns, n day, If not on the homely earth, Theil yonder, worlds away, Whore the strange and now have birth, And Power comes full in play.',' Thoro are volumes of Browning that have shown him to for bettor ndvantage than thia", but scarcoly any can vioin interest with it as tho last from his restless pen. Aa will be soen, it is full of all the peculiar character that made the writer a great poot, and BtroDgly reminiscent in placea of tome of bia most popular work. Tho "Epilogue," \»hich doses it is also tho epilogue to the busy litorary lifo of ono of tho moBt daring apeculativo philosophers of our doy, and aa anoh it may bo fittingly reproduced here a3 tho last the world will ovor get from a groat poet'a pon :- . * " At the midnight in tho silenco of tho sleep-time, When you set your fancies free, Will they pans to where-by death, foola think, im- prisoned Low he liea who once so loved you, whom you loved to, . -Pity me. ¡ " Oh to love so, be so loved, yet BO mistaken ! " What bad I on earth fo do With tho slothful, with the mawkish, thc unmanly P Like the aimless, helpless, hopeless, did 1 drivel -Being-who P " One who never turned his back but marched breast forward, iS'over doubted clouds would break, Never dreamed though right were wonted, wrong would triumph, Held wo fall to rise, aro baffled to fight better, Sloep to wuke. "No, at noonday in the bustle of man's work-time Greet the unseen with a cheer'. Bid him forward, breast and back as either should be, ' Strive and thrive ! ' cry * Speed-fight on, fare ever There aa hero ! "' DemtUr and other Poems. By ALFKÏJI, Lons Tstf ' NYROtJ, D.C.L., F.L. London: Macmillan and Co. 1889. Within a few days of the publication of Brown- ing's last volume, this book of his great contera porary wa* given to the public... A greater contrai contd not ? be imagined than .that existing .betwee the styles of these two writers-who "are yet io alii in fame. The characteristic of the one is nigge virility, whilo tbat of the other is a honeyed «wee ness and .delioaoy of,. phrase like that of his ow tai ph t. Ser. Gawaino.' Tennyson.created the mus1 of tho English' tongne, though Kjate'an'd Shells tad, already shown him.' thV'way^ -'Since tl exquisite witchery of " Maud " 'was 'first give to the world there have arisen _ maa sweet singers in their day to show in.their wor I how "all men may sow when they havo got th seed,"- as the poet himself has reminded them. Wit the approach pf old age tho, Aro of youth bi dimmed a little, .but it is still present in th» boo before us, with a reflection of the: old ideal »lightly dulled by time. There are the sam« fa: tidious polish and finished grace, and the music o »weet words wedded to a pure romanticism, thong not always in the same degree. : And there is tl »«me happy faculty of photographing a «cene i an epithet, and creating a mind-picture by a phrtsi . The poem that gives the name to this littl volume is a return, to the field tbat gave us ti Keats-like olasaio pieces in mora familiar volumoi " Demeter and Persephone" is the full title of th verses, whioh toll how the great mother receive again" her child from the Plutonian realms, i'hei is a true outpouring of natural emotion in the pai .age where Demeter describes the pain of her lot to her daughter : " Child, when thou wert gone, I envied human wives, and nested birds, Yea, th« cubb'd lioness : went in search of thea, Tbro* many a palace, many a cot, and gave Thy breast to ailing infants in the night, And set the mother waking in amaze To find her sick one whole ; and forth again Among the wait of midnight winds, and cried; '. «'here is say loved one ? W heref ore do you wail f And out from all the night an vnswor shrill'd, ' We know hot, and we know not why we wail/ 1 climb'd on all tba cliffs of all the seas. And ask'd the waves that moan about tho world ' Where P do ye make your moaning for my child f ' And round from all the world the voices came; 4 We know not, and we know not why we moan.' « Where P'and I stared from every eagle-peak, I thrldded th» black heart of all the woods, I peerM thro' tomb and cave, end in the storm« Of Autumn swept across the city, and beard The murmur of their temples chanting me. Ile, toe, th« desolate Mother! ' Where P'-an turn'd, " , . ' . And fled by many a waste, forlorn of man, And grieved for man thro' all my grief for thee, The jungle rooted in bis sbatter'a hearth. The serpent coil'd about his broken shaft, The scorpion crawling over naked skull»; I saw the tiger in the ruin'd fane. Spring from hi» fallen God, but traces of thee I. »aw not." ... And in the passage where she desoribes her dread o Persephone again being snatched : away, we ge a striking instance of the poet's faculty of imagina tive re-creation, and the old, effectivegiftof revivini an expression. by au epithet : as when. Démete feels " the deathless heart ot motherhood withii h«r" shudder Lest the naked glebe Should yawn once more into the gulf, and thence The shrillv whinnying* of the team of Hell, Ascending, pierce the glad and songful air, And all at once their arch'd necks, miunight-maned, Jet upward thro' the midday blossom.' No ! Por, see. thy foot has toueb'd it ; all the space Of blank earth-baldness clothes itself afresh, And breaks into the crocus-purple hour That saw thee vanish. And there is a characteristically, fine passage when the earth-mother apostrophises her daughter at th close of a poem abounding in eloquent and nobl phrase that reminds , the reader of some of the bes things of the poet's best day» : '".Thou that'heit from men, As Queen of Death, that worship which is Fear, Henceforth, as having risen from out the dead, Shalt ever send thy life along with mine From buried grain thro' springing blade, and bless Their gerner'd Autumn also, reap with me, Earth-mether, in the harvest hymns of Earth The worship whioh is Love, and »es no more Tho Stone, the Wheal, the dimly-glimmering lawns Of that Elysium, all the hateful fires Of torment, and the shadowy warrior glida . Along the silent field of Asphodel." The verges, " On the Jubilee ot Queen Victoria,' already familiar by publication, are reprinted here and there is a poetical address to th« .Marquis of Dufferin and Ava, beginning, *' At time* our Britain cannot rest, At times ber (tens are swift and rash ; She moving, at her girdle dash The golden keys of east and west." There are courtly references to him whose service! " have added fulness to the phrase of Gauntlet ir the velvet glove;" and further on there is something relative to the death of the son of the Marquis, who waa buried at sea on the voyage home, " A soul that watch'd from earliest youth, And on thre' many a brightening year, Had never swerved for craft or fear, By one side-path from simple truth. " Who might have chased and olaspt Renown, And caught her chaplet here and there, In haunt« of juntrle-poison'd air The flame of lifo went wavering down. "And now The was, the Might-have-been, And those lone rites I have not seen, ' And one drear sound I have not heard, " Are dreams that scares will let me be, Not there to bid my boy farewell, When That within the coffin fell Fell and flash'd into the Red Sea, " Beneath a hard Arabian moon, And alien stars. To question, why The sons before the fathers die, Not mine ! and I may meet him soon ; " But while my life's late eve endures, Nor settles into hueless grey, ? .', ' My memorloa of his briefer day Will mix with love for you and yours.". ' ? Elsewhere there ia a poem inscribed to Professor Jebb. and another, called " The Ring," dedicated to the Hon, J. Russell Lowell, the American poet. It tells a fanciful story in dramatic form. It. is some- what complex in structure, but tho tale ia an en- grossing one, of th« kind that Tennyson is so prone to work up out of its weird material. . The verses are tull of graceful touches, and bits of English scenery suoh as the poems of this writers abound in, "Owd Roil " is a »toty in the dialect of the " North Country Farmer " series in earlier -volumes, telling with much quaintness how a dog made his way into a child's room in a burning farmhouse, where no one could penetrate; and how tho teller of this story called the dog "-oalled out Roti, Roä, Ro'á thaw I did'nt haiife think as Vd 'ear, But he cooni'd thruf tho Aro wi' my bairn i' 'is mouth to the winder theere ! Hecoom'd.likoa Ilongel o'marcy as soon as 'o 'eiird 'isnaäme, Or like tower Hanged i' Scriptur 'at aumuiim seed i' the fia d mo, When summon'od'hax'd fur a son, an''e promised a son to she, An' Roii was BS good as tho Hangel i' sa'avin' a Bon fur me. As powerful a poem, perhaps, aa has appeared for some time is th« ono in this book entitled " Happy." It ia a gruesome story enough, but a glowing inatanco of woman's love and devotion. A sub- title to tho piece is "Tho Loper's Bride." Her knight and husband has returned from tho Ominados a lepor, and hus boon cast out according to the canonical ritos of the time. Hi« wifo, who has boen separated from him by a traitorous friend, bringa him an offering of roeos. She appeals to him, her "warrior of the Holy Croas and of tho conquering sword," in a thrilling outburst of dramatic pathos "O my lord, You would not mar the beauty of your bride with your disease. ° You say your body is so foul then here I stand apart, Who yearn to lay my loving head upon your leprous breast. The leper plague may »cale my skin but never taint my heart; Your body is not foul to rae, and body ls foul at1 i ' best, I loved you Ant when young and fair, but now I love you most; I The fairest flesh ia filth at last, on which the worm will feast; This poor rib-prated dungeon of the holy human ghost, This house, with ull it» hateful needs, no cleaner than the beast, » . . . Th!» wall of solid flesh that .comes between your soul and mine Will vanish, and give place to the beauty that endures The beauty that endures on the Spiritual height, When we shall stand ' transfigured like Christ on Hermon WU, And moving; each to morie, §oul in. «oui and light ii light, ?... .>>.-. - Shal^ilash. thro' ono.another în â^omènt aa wegwill., .Tiiia sustained strain of. fi^lit^'J'iàjii.^itiok.WB tinu'es, realistic even to repulsion iii paffs, ' bú't.'íuJ! ol-the earnestness and pure,passion itbat cast oui shame and foar, while rearer and' nearer the brid« upprcaohes her loper-hii8band,;uníí! the close There, thew! he buried you,.iii».Priest;.'the Priest ii not to blame, ., ..'. . . .. ;? ;. : He joins us over again, to his either office tree ; I thank him. I am happy, happy. Kiss me. In thc nama ??"??,.?;:.» Of the oyorlasting God I will live and die'with you. . The stanzas called vaguely ".Vastness '* <«M re- miniscent, in form and sentiment' of ? "Locksley Hall," as in parts where tho Laureate speak" of ." Raving politics, never at reit-as thisi, poor oarth'i ' palo history runs : ' What is it all but a trouble of ants in the. .gleam of a million million of am»? . Lies upon this side, lies upon that sida, truthless violence monm'd by tho wise,; .-. ; I Thousands of voices drowning .his .own tn a pippulai torrent of lies upon lies, i . .S_. : Stately purposes, valour in battle, glorious ttfaala of . army and fleet, , . Death for the right cause, death for the wrong cause, trumpets of victory, groans of dofent. .Innocence seethed in her mother's milk, and Charity setting the martyr aflame ; , Thraldom, who walk's with the banner of Freedom, and recks not to ruin a realm in her natue. '. * . *-. » . . . . . Spring and Summer, and Autumn and Winter,. and all these old revolutions of earth ;. ? AU now-old revolutions of Empire-change of th« tide- what is all of it worth ?" . " Romney's Remorse " is a striking poem. It ia founded on an extraot from the " Letters and Literary Remaina.of Edward Fitzgerald," -'vol, L, telling how Romney, juel after his marriage, having read Reynolds's remarks that ".marriage spoils an artist," immediately left his wife in the north and scaroe saw her till the end of his life, when he re- turned to her doFolate and remorseful. Thcretumod painter is telling his wife of a dream :- , " I dream'd last night that the olear summer noon, When seated on a rock, and foot to foot With your own shadow in the placid lake, You claspt our infant daughter, heart to heart.' 1 I had been among tbe hills, and brought you dows ' A length of staghora-mose, and this you twined About her csp. I see the picture yet, Mother and child. A sound from far away, Mo louder than a beo among the flowers, A fall of water lull'd the noon asleep. You still'd it for the moment with a song Which often echo'd in me, while I stood Before the great Madonna-maaterpieoea Of ancient Art in Paris, or in Rome. - ? ' Mary, my crayons ! if I can, Twill. - You should have been-I might have made yon once, Had I but known you as I know you now-- . The tree Alcestis of the time. Your song Sit, listen! 1 remember it, a proof That I-even I-at times rememberM you.' ' Beat upon mine, little heart ! beat, beat ! Beat upon mine ! you are mine, my sweet !..".' All mine from your pretty blue eyes to your feet, ", \ My sweet.' ' Less profile! tom to me-three-quarter face. 4 Sleep, little blossom, mv honey, my bliss ! For I give you this, and I give you this ! And I blind your pretty blue eye* with a Mis ! Bleep." Too early blinded by the kiss of death * Father and mother will watch 'you grow* You watch'd not I, she did not grow, she died. . Father and mother will watch you grow, ' And gather the roses whenever they blow, And find tho white heather wherever you go, My sweet. Ab, my white heather only grows in heaven With Milton's amaranth." , There are a number of short epigrammatic piece! at the end of the book, and some ateneas for music, called "Far, far away," have melody. "Merlin and the Gleam " recalls the old Arthurian legends, and some verses "By an Evolutionist" aré re- markable. Somo linos on " The Progresa of Spring " have uneven work in them. From the extracts we have given, it will be seen that this book will scarcely strike the reader on the . whole with such a sense of falling-bff as somo other recent volumes from the Laureate's pen, while at tho same timo it must be admitted that there is moah here that is scarcely worthy of his record ; in the past But as the book of a singer of 60 years of age who has done such masterful work in his day, the volume, like that of Browning, is in many respects Ia singular instance of . survival, of poetic sym- pathy and power. 