Old Country Notes. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LEEDS, September 12. We have had a pretty good week at Leeds with the British Association, thanks princi pally tality, to fine weather, and the Yorkshire hospi which has become a proverb. I have only time this week to send the two or three items of interest from an Australian point of view, leaving my ordinary budget of odds and ends for the next mail. Firstly, I may say that Mr. J. W. Fawoett read a couple of papers. One of them was entitled "Motes on the Aborigines of Australia." It referred entirely to Queensland, and traversed some statements made by Mr. Carl Lumholtz at last year's meeting of the British Associa tion, concerning the Australian aborigines. "Of a written language there is no trace." So says Mr. Lumholts. The Australian aborigines communicate with each other by means of short pit*oes of wood, on which certain symbols are out. When these symbols are put together, they form messages, just in the same manner as letters are put together to form words. These pieoes of wood are termed " talking sticks," and are not unfrequently sent by the ehlef of one tribe to the ohief of another, many miles distant. The symbols consist chiefly of zigzag lines, and long and Short incisions. (Rubbings of two of these " talking-sticks" are given in the original.) Mr. Lumholtz next goes on to state that the aborigines are polygamistio. This is, however, not generally the case: a ohief may, and does, but not often, possess more than one wife; but when such is the ease, it oertainly makes him no richer, as Mr. Lumholtz avers. " I found no ohiefs on tin Herbert River," says Mr. Lumholtz. This is a very erroneous ststement, for the tribes on that river, as elsewhere, do possess ohiefs, and one of them was personally known to the writer. Mr. Lumholtz next states that "the Australian blacks cannot live under civilisation." He could never have seen them under such condi tions or he would not have so stated. They do live, and are living, under civilisation, and the more they become civilised the better they are. Some of them are engaged as school teachers and missionaries in New South Wales, and several of thsm have their names on the Par liamentary list of voters, thus having the same rights and privileges as white people. Mr. Fawcett's next paper was " Motes on the religion of the Australian aborigines." The object of this short paper was to dispel an erroneous impression which exists in the minds of many Englishmen and others that the Australian abotigiOM have nojelipon; wfaswas they do possess one, and that, perhaps, the most simple of all religions. He says they believe in a Creator, to whom different tribes give different names, but all such attributes signify Him to be one that is good and great. His teachings are preserved with great care, white persons not being allowed to witness their meetings. In some tribes women and children are never taught anything concerning this Spirit. They believe in a future life, and that, as they Uve on earth, so will they live hereafter, less the terrestrial dis comfort*; thpse living wioked lives await a total annihilation. They possess a belief in good and evil spirits, and have a dread of the Wioked One. They have a striot sense of right and wrong, and their laws are very exaot, many deeds of guilt being punished by death. They have religious ceremonies, which are always held in secret, in cleared portions of the scrub,' called " boon" grounds, which they hold very gaored, guarding them with great care; and when once the foot of a white person is placed on them the; lose all sanctity. ;; . ,■-. 4* :«t ... Do!rooi»,Sep*etfibe^l9.^'!' Since my last letter-we have had the moral lessons of three conferences to discuss. Of the British Association no more need be said. ' Nor muoh at all of the Vegetarian Congress which sat in London. By the aid of the eloquence of some American visitors the latter got through their sittings without dulness to themselves, but none of the memberß pretend to believe that many converts have been made. Indeed the vegetarians have a very uphill fight, and we no longer have any Crystal Palace demon strations. The three or four vegetarian res taurants that are kept going in London pay, I believe; but the Britisher will, as a rule, have his meat when he can get it. I have tried them all, and during teeth troubles would have welcomed ■ay sort of food that would not worry the noor 7 *■■■ .- . . grinders. Perhaps in this! a*?to othfr matters, I am in the gall of bitterafc?,,' fo? j&j; eonolu sion was that more nasty faaesqes than most- of the regetarian dishes ooul^^ho< be served up. Bice in any form is respectable f, but cabbage soafßees and broad-bean frittacs were i»bt. The latest idea is that we ought to live~on nuts, ana never cook any fruit, but eat it fresh to the tune of three pounds avoirdupois per diem, besides other things, inoluding from a quarter to half a pound of nuts or almonds. It is even pro* posed to out as off from bread. This last pro position has fetched the lady manager of a bread reform association, who winds up a touching appeal with the words: "The real staff of life, whose olaim to honour is founded on the experience of ages, and confirmed b\ science, whose use is sanctified by tho prayers of millions, and oonsecrated as the noliest symbol of religion." I thank the vegetarians, however, for one wrinkle, and advise my Queensland friends to try it—namely: Dates oat in two parts and Btones taken out; the fruit to be soaked in boiling milk, with just a shred or two of lemon peel to give it a flavour. There is a scheme afoot to send a couple of teams of young women cricketers to Australia next year; and at the Military Exhibition on Saturday we had an opportunity of seeing, under the best conditions, what they are like when pitted against one another. The ground is quite large enough for such a sport, and there is a grand stand in which a thousand people can be comfortably seated. The weather was delightful, and in the absence of any entertainment more pressing, many who had only read about these damsels, who daring the season had been playing matches, went to sea them. On the whole, the spectacle of these girls using the willow instead of wearing it was pleasing. There was at least nothing to offend. the most fastidious taste. The costumes, blue on one side and red on the other, were sensible and becoming, being uniformly loose tunics of a Garibaldi character, Bhort skirts about Bin. off the ground, and altogether convey ing a general impression that the wearers do not make personal vanity the first artiole of their creed. A crowd of probably 10,000 per sons, all told, watched the players, who did their work very well, even from an expert cricketer's point of view. They are now making a business (and a very well-paid one too) of their engagements. A week that began at the Crystal Palace, and ended at the Military Exhibition, shows that they are npw regularly established in public favour. These lady sportsmen are young, of coarse good looking, and take tea and gingerbeer at luncheon time. Many of them were members of the evening gymnastic sohool at the People's Palace in the East End. A Rood deal too much has been made of the so-called disturbances which occurred daring the meeting of the Trades Union Congress at Liverpool. A number of working men when they meet together to discuss matters in whioh all feel an interest, and as to whioh there is necessarily some diversity of opinion, is pretty much like a meeting of any other body of men. Bat by some of oar newspapers every little noise that disturbed the meeting of the.oon gress was magnified into rowdyism of a reprehensible kind. Of course at the British Association meetings things are deadly dull, and rows seldom occur. Bat at ordinary assemblies, not even exoluding the House of Commons or Church Congresses, such demonstrations as happened at Liverpool are not of uncommon occurrence. Consider' ing the heated character of the questions to be discussed, the fervour exhibited was a very natural thing amongst persons who do not pre tend to have the repose whioh marks the casts of Vere de Vere. Sinoe the congress the unionists at headquarters have been discussing ths losses and gains of the week, and I fancy that the old stagers of unionism are serious in their fears of a divided house when, some day, the eight-hour question oomes to a practical crisis. The non-eleotion of Mr. John Barns on the Parliamentary Committee, upon a vote of. full congress, has been a blow to the new sohool, though tho refusal of one of the elect to. serve after the adoption of the eight-hour resolution secures him a ssat. In this connec tion it mayalso be remarked that the subscrip tion for a Wage Fund to keep him in his ssat in the County Council has mads deplorably little progress. Just after the congress came the strike at Southampton. This is an old story now; but ths men wets beaten very badly. It seems that the local unionists precipitated the strike without the orders or oonsent of the people in London, and they want at their demonstra tions without their heads. In a short time they had the town in an uproar, talked very big about ruining the port, adopted a high and mighty tons about their picketing, and so wrought their own humiliation. Troops were sent down, gunboats lay off the docks, and the Biot Aot was read by the mayor. Fortunately no shots were fired, but the strikers were played upon by fire engines and scattered in a Bony manner. The worst was that they had to give in, when they found that the London headquarters were against them, and in a somewhat sulky fashion retired from the contest, without any strike money, but declaring that they would some day have a "bitter revenge;". The letter published in the Time* some trays sinoe from an Australian correspon dent, who informed us that the money Bent so liberally from the antipodes for the dockers last year was merely aid for poor men in distress, and not proof of sympathy with trades unionism generally, has been often quoted and made much of by the papers and public speakers, who are trying to urge the masters to form a strong union to give battle to the men on their own principles. The unionists would gain immensely if their leaders did not bluster so muoh. Citizens do not care to be threatened with darkness, cold, and famine by any combinations of persons, and the cause in whose name such threats are uttered loses that publio sympathy without which they can do nothing. The Southampton strike is virtually over, the one point of danger left being the attitude of the Union Steamship Company, who, having conoeded to the men the wages they have asked, decline peremptorily to discharge an old and faithful servant who is a non-unionist at the diotation of Mr. Walsh, seoretary of the Seamen and Firemen's Union. They sfcy they will not perpetrate such a rank injustice. 41 Ireland is tranquil. The league is knocked to pieces. The plan of campaign has failed." These were the congratulations heard towards the close of the session; these are the sayings of Ministerial speakers on extra Parliamentary platforms. Last evening, nevertheless, we were astounded at the totally unexpected intelligence that W. O'Brien, M.P., and John Dillon, M.P., had been arrested in Ireland, and that warrants were out against other members of Parliament. The two members named were to have sailed on Bth October for an American speech-making campaign, but it would seem that they are to be muzzled even with regard to the United States. Up to the present moment the ins and outs of this last evidence of resolute government are somewhat of a mystery. Without much moaning, or kioking, or pre liminary rattles in the throat, the New York Herald has died—has ceased to become a London daily paper. It failed at Paris, and it gave up the ghost in London. Nor could it be otherwise. It never seemed to grip our English ways. The people who have been con nected with it as writers blame the proprietor for meddling over much. That is quite ex plainable, for your amateur journalist, who holds the purse-strings, and will not let well •lone, becomes a veritable bull in a china shop when he interferes fitfully and capriciously. I have seen several good ventures wrecked by it. Still, Mr. Gordon Bennett is rich enough to have kept it going at a loss, and it would have, been very much like him to have done so. The fit, however, took him the other way, and quite summarily he dropped the publication. In the absence of a really good Sunday paper, and in spite of the detestable habit of mixing up ad vertisements with news, the New York Herald is still, on the whole, the best Sunday paper for the middle classes. Canon Liddon after all died without being made a bishop. There has been no dignitary of the ehuroh for many years whose name was io persistently mentioned when a vacancy occurred on the Episcopal bench, and on each occasion there were revivals of the gossip about the Queen's personal dislike of him, some alleging Liddon's leaning to Gladstonian politics, others his High Church views, and others his having given offence to her Majesty by addressing her personally from the pulpit when he once preached before her. It is gene rally understood that he would have had his chance next, and it was because it was so be lieved that a protest was reoentlymade at the pontinued exclusion of Low Churchmen from khe highest honours. In the obituary notices that have appeared it has been almost with one consent admitted that Canon Liddon was one of the most eminent of modern preachers. I ■hould qualify my eulogy on that head some what, and wish, to begin with, to have it defined what are the principal qualification^ of »pulpitorator. The influence which I imaginehe would exeroise upon a rough crowd of godless persons, the unconverted in fact, would be very ■mall indeed. In a most direct degree he was a man to talk to the righteous rather than to the sinner. The work of Whitfield or Wesley would never have been his. His sermons, generally more than an hour long, were the oompositions of a beautiful scholar, rheto rician, and theologian—literary treats and per suasive arguments, ealoulated rather to tickle the intellectual palate than to cut into the heart—discourses to build np in the faith, rather than to rouse an unbeliever to tarn from the errors of his ways. I have often heard him, both when he read his sermons and was extempore, and do not, therefore, offer this opinion at haphazard. The autumnal promenade concerts at Covent Garden are now in foil swing, with, if possible, increased success. Yet how much they have ohanged in character Since they were started. The expectation at first was that they would be like the Alhambra in its olden days without the smoking and drinking, and would be a kind of promenade for men and women about town. For a year or two they were of that complexion. Then arose conductors who introduced the higher class of music, until now we have oar classical nights when the works of the masters may be heard from scientific orchestras. At present the farewell appearances of the veteran Simi Beeves are the principal items of the week, and although it is not correct to desoribe the tenor as being as good as ever, he is really in marvellous voice, and can, as the saying goes, "sing the head off" of many a young tenor. His engagement, I hope, will do some good, if it only serves to make people tired of the modern song. This may be achieved by comparing the pretentious stuff of the "Thou of my thou" school, with the simple but sweet melodies with which the name of Sims Beeves was associated when he was in his prime, and there often appeared with him on the same platform, Weiss, Miss Palmer, and Miw Banks. At Covent Garden, a rustle of delight runs through the house when the preliminary touches of the accompanist herald " My Pretty Jane," "Come into the garden, Maud," or "The Jolly Young Waterman." The provinces first, and then the metropolis are now to see for themselves a young actress who, in the belief of her master, Mr. Hermann Vezin, is to be a coming Rachel. In theatrical oireleß it is well known that this accomplished teacher of stage elocution is enthusiastic in his predictions of her career as a tragedienne. I have heard Miss Laura Johnson recite, and can well believe in such possibilities. A more weird-looking damsel in her teens I never saw. lit times you fancy that the pallid face, peeping out from furze-bush hair, and the aesthetically draped figure belonged to a precocious child Df fourteen; then, by-and-by, you deem it not improbable that Bhe may be four or five and twenty. It is a gain to have an eooentrio ap- Bearance; it looks like genius. In this case, le elocution was undoubtedly striking; in passages very powerful, and, with due stage practice, I shall expect Miss Laura Johnson to take the very first position in real tragedy. 