MoveUot. AT BERKELEY HALL; Oil, A Talc That Is Told, HV 1'ltF.STON tBE OTIS. In fnitli, cliilil, it was a. start yon jjnvo mo then, H'niiclim; in your wluto frock .before tlint pnrtrai*. I mil qninii olcij now, aiul nioivi iiurvoiiH them wlitn in years gone by 1 found.my mistress gazing at this same, picture of ' tbo young lord uml hia first wife. Tbo 'alary of those very paint ingn it-was I promised to tell yim V Very willing tn'apeak ant lof (Imau days in which my thoughtsa'tilt dwell, hut you must hear, with an old woman's humble speech. To begin, then, tho old lord, Sir Arthur, was on bis death bed when camo the loiter . from Mr. '.Harold in foreign lands, L,ong ngo bo hod gono, to Klorido, in tho States, and married a .Spanish woman, since when his family knew but littlo nf him.- :. S But now this letter cariio, pleading with Sir Arthur to tako his only ' child,* a daughter, and care for hor iii the home of her ancestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that lying on a bed of illness and nigh unto death, so grent was his trust in his brother that ho hnd tnad.o arrangements for tho child to depart for ltcrkoluy Hall as soon as ho was gone from her, knowing tbat her uncle would endeavor to tako place witb hor of fathor and mother. Sir Arthur, on reading tbis as n'.iiica-. sago from tbo dond,' was sore distressed," nnd bade mo to him. ' * ?: ; "Mra. Wilkins," ho snid,"his poor voico all tremulous like, "my brother, by-this, time awaiting mo boyohd tho known, : ha3 sent hia daughter to mc to rear, and much 1 fear that 1 shall not bo hero to welcomo her. Ho to you 1 give trust to mako tho little one happy until my sou Arthur comes .homo to tnke charge of hor." Thereupon gavo I my solemn promise to do my beat, being but a young thing my self, just turned cf twenty-throe, and hot yet :i year married. ? Mr. Arthur was the only sou, and a deep srief wos it to the old lord that bo was not with him in his hist extremity. Hut Mr. Arthur hud travelled awny 'wo years sooner, crazed with the sorrow of his young wife's death, and for.nil he wrote regularly to the old lord ho made no mention of his back-coming. Yes, that is the young Sir Arthur and his wife. Sho was tho daughter of n neighboring gentleman, and handsome ns ynu M'e. albeit too large for my liking. **A fine-looking wxmirin. ' is mistress I'.hzaboth Berkeley," said everyone.. lint big and strong though she seemed, she lay doad of a cold before they hail been married four months. Thu young husband wob liko ono mnd when tho brown hair and blue dyes wore covered away from him ; whereupon his father sent him to. foreign, countries to seek forgetfulness. ' ?:.?;',? . :: ' .... '.i- Hut I waa telling you—an old .woman rambles, lassie,' and it seems, but yester day, these happenings. . Well; thu old lord died and wns laid away whero all tho l.erkeloys sleep, nnd inn fortnight or les? camo the little niecd. Ah, but aho was o, '? look ? Tori.'"-was Miss Agatha Kuikcloy ! . When she sat in tho shadow; t.ne thought sho had hor Spanish mother's hair ; hut when she came forward in the light, though it stillkenfits doop'tono, it seemed that suroly somo , of tbo cold radiance of the moonlight in her Southern country had wanned!and l'nbltod in hor tru'Hes. And though hor shining eves wero black as midnight, to watch her brows and lashes, her skin, was fair as ?!?""?, mindhig-nit. ~..f nothing so mueli" as "1 the spotless Riiow.thatlie? against the charred trunks in the forest. ?-..*."? ?She was fifteen when sho came to mo, this pretty,.palo crcaturo, Imt so. small that she looked to be a child of cloven or twelve, and ?o pitiful in her black.frock that my heart warmed to hor ; so I hat* in the yuan that, cannj wo grew fast frieuds, mure like to sisters than mistress and maul j for 1 served Ariss Agatha as I lind ?Mistress Elizabeth bofovo her. "ben Sir-Arthur had boon noli lied of Hio old lord's denth and hi? young cousin's arrival to us, ho wroto that as yot he was not ready io return, but tbat MiBS Agatha was to have all that befitted a Berkeley, enjoining upon Mr. Clark, his man of busi ness, tho caro of this, nnd of her gover nesses and masters.. ... .;; Hut when Miss Agatha, amid new "?vnes, put away ber grief ond became Her gay, childlike self again, sho, and sbo nt'iii,., reigned at Berkeley Hall. I lm old lawyer ran down from London ?umost. weekly to bring one governess nnd take away another, and nil bocsu?o Miss. would havo it so. Truth to toll,. as swoot and lovely ns alio seemed, alio ?ad baton's own temper, : and a time of error it were hero whon our pretty mia "?eas waa crossed in nny way. But with 'no she wasnover angry. "Forono reason, it mattered not tho question,- I gavo way '" her, for being so littlo older, not well "?"Id 1 take Authority. Perhaps it moy I ? "yea as my husband—who was "?'tier—said, that iii thia way 1 made hor "till more fiery and ungovernable ; but *'"d know. 1 always loved ray yburig mis ?res?,nnd would not willingly have harmed her, .- -.- .... Woll, in some way time drifted by till -liis Agatha had ruled us four years, ''? hon, coming slowly into this , picture gallery, one evening-, I saw lu>r all in I whit,, fctandiiiL- lit:..' n ghoM, hefoie this |>ii-*iir-i of Sir Arthur nml Mi.tre-.s Eliza-1 belli, h,s;wif., aa you cloud but juat now, child.-;. 7-. '"..,- y-; ?zZ.'iz r Z. IrvZ' Being nineteen rears of age,' i.iy mistress was still v child's height, slender anil I graceful. Perhaps I am partial in by gone days, lint 1 think p.ow,ns thought I then,, that never saw 1 so beautiful R woman. Well, alio .turned toward mc, that evening nml called mc in her gentle voice':"' ?.'?-.' ... 14 Here, Wilkins;" I wont up to her before tlie!pnrtrait. : ? " Wilkins," Rhe said," this ia mycouain Arthur and hia wife ?", . .?'-:'.' " Yes, ??? Miss .Agatha,"-"'? IV answered, wondering atM he' alrahge"' tenderness -ih" her- voice.' ..-V '' .??Z , '7'7- : " Why bad they the portrait made in so odd a position ?".-?'.., j ? ?? I told her then, a. but yesterday 1 told you, bow that. Mistress -.TClixiibnth had a fancy for being done in the pink lind gray brnct'ilo she bad worn the night Sir Arthur camo n-c'onrt.ing,--and.hiiw ho. in hisgay way, mndo mention that alio bnd beat. be seated upon tbe n.nio divon, witb bim standing to look down on her, even ns ho had done,that timo. And so the gay young things hal it painted; for'all the old lord's teasing. And the day it was framed ond bung, as T wns sin'ted here with my broidery, on account of it. being a cool spot, in thoy cainn nil smiles and happiness, to stand before it and prniso or fniilt-linil gaily. Mistress Eliziibeth laughed nt the admiration tho artist had caught into hor husband's handsnmo face, and ho vowed herH.not half , handsome enough to givo her justice, scribbling with bis pencil upon tbo frame WTheEventful Moment," ns Iniyaelf rend whon they woro gone. 'Well; all this and much more I told Mlhb Agnlhii, alio ipiostioniiig ? lite, in terested, in her pretty ''way'. 7 .' J spoke to hot- of his grief, how be hnd sought foreign wnnderihgs.'andlii-r large black eyes lille-.l with tears. *' ;...:?< '.?;'_ "':';y.--' '.' V; ; ; s'(\Vilkinsi" alio asked slowly,'" do you knowlvliWo liis faca : ?P.. love it 1 Do you think thiit' my fcousiii...will over como honie.V .1 should try to.comfort and I could do.it. J could'''indeed, Wil kin? I*'.' ?' '.'-";?'?.???' '.:'*- ':-.--' : .- ..- " ? Ah, alio waa nlways a bit fanciful, poor thi iip.yy-<7--..: v Z.... .^-..ji;.;...-^ .--._.;-..:;---_ ; Woll, just then behind us a atop Bounded, nnd I turned lo see Sir Arthur ! Older, browner, handsomer, but still .Sir Arthur." flis eyes sprang to meet those of the woman :in tho portrait, and lio stood still iii v kind of "spoil-bound wel coming. ?'-'?...' ' As for Misa Agatha, slip turned paling to thu window, aftor a glimpse of bis stern, ?. sorrowful face. Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, like one rousing from n swoon, nml for the first time seemed to soe mo. " How are you, Mra. Wilkins ?" ho said, in his old, hearty way. " And is that my littlo cousin over there ?" V At this Miss Agatha rose from the win dow scat and came forward, putting her slender band into his strong clasp. Much nstonied was Sir Arthur to lind his cousin such a woman, for ho hnd thought of hor.only as a child, forgetting that timo bad stood not still at Rorkeloy to await his coining. i ln the days that camo I was id ways with them, sitting, as need-bo, at a respectful distance with my work; and well X know, long beforo Sir 'Arthur or my pretty lady herself, thnt her heart was longing for hia lovo. Ah, well, child, it wns not alrangc. She had loved bim before she saw him, and now thnt hn hnd coni'oho wn? bonny; to look upon, mid always with-tiro Indies had ho a way that wns tender and chival rous. ..... The old forests whoro sho had wnndered nlonn now knew two young beings rambl ing in the shade j for hours thoy rodei to gether, nud long talks bad thoy. Liven as liispr'osonce wns happiness to hur, so ho nover HeMine'l to lira of her playful ways, lior soft, slow, sweet voico, her cvi dont liking. Rarely looked Sir Arthur in those dnys upon tho portrait called "The Eventful 'Moment," .though clften came bo with bis consul for a romping game of battledore or graces in tlio long gallery. Some, months had gono on iv this wny, and Miss 'Agatha grew each day trioro gcntlonnd sweet till well-nigh hud we for gotten her toi-i'iblo rages, when one even ing alie entered her room to robe, fr.r dinner. I had left her a moment sinco reading nlon? in tho library, hut when 1 glanced up at her I saw she wns pale like death, and bnd her whilo teeth set cruelly over her lip. " You iriay go," she said quickly, see ing my look." "1 ahull attend to my own costume to-night." [ left her nt. once, for I saw- she was angry, and wondering what the cause, 1 wandered ii- horo. Then 1 knew. On a couch before tbis picture lay Sir Arthur, hia eye fixed upon the picture of his liand?omo wife, lio did not hear my coining, and ovon iv 1 stood thunder struck, a shuddering sob shook him, and he said aloutl:" ? "So soon, my Elizabeth ." ? Noiselessly I retreated and sought my mistress. If she bad seen and heard aught that I bail. ber poor loving he-nrt must be near ?o breaking. When-I Vilified. tli? i'lMiiit-shw- wiik i standing before the lung mirror, unfasten ing hor splendid hair. As it fell heavily boside'l-.or polo face, it wns like heavy siin.ke drooping on a snow-clad roof. " Madam,".! ipieslioned, wondering at my own bravery," what gown shall I mako ready?" , "Did 1 not tell'-'you that 1 should not need you ?" she answered slowly, liko one whose thoughts are far away. Without answer 1 took down a green gown, meshed ovor with while laco, one in wbiob Sir Arthur hnd likened ber to o sea-wave with tho crest of foam brcnkii-e ovor. '."'.-?'.-' "Itis in this gown that my master likes best to see yon," I ventured again. ' '~',',' . All, my'dear, I fear I should not lie so courageous nowadays. . . ? She turned fiercely, and I.thought her angry oyes would hum through mc for an instant; then she cast .herself down in a wild passion of tenrs. "Oh," sbo cried, nud never shall I forget the ngonisod voioo, "oh, Wilkins, you know it 1 You have Been that I love him 1 And—and have I shown him ?" in a. broken whisper. . _ ;"'.' -\ . ?i my pnor child, no 1 I made loving haste to.Bay. '.'lt—he-Sir Arthur loves hia cousin, and knows that she loves him in—in that way ; that is all ; believe mc, that is all." .;?: ' '< - In Borne degree was she oomiorteu, out her grief and ahame overwhelmed hor for a timo, and it wns long ere 1 wns permit ted' to robe ber in lhe son-wave gown ; nnd -then, indeed, what with, her pallor, she was moro liko v spring snowdrop. For all I could see, nlylord. ?nB as usual at dinner — a lino gentleman ho, with his powdered hair and rich attire— nnd so Miss Agatha, savo that aho spoke seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I fair Sir Arthur look at ber curiously once or twice, but he said naught ; only when he was finished pffe>ed bis arm to lend her to, the music room, I following and sitting near the window, _aa waa my wont,-'.'. ?'"..'-'? ?.?.-. Sir Arthur abated hia cousin in a high backed chair before' the spinet, and then aim apokoin a voice, which was half a sob:---- .7--.. -.'?;." I caro not to aing to-night." But' my lord insisted, though he aaw she wished to refuse ; nnd presently her white hands fell on tho keys, and she run over, the prelude. > When tho sweet voico caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair close and sot lintoning with Ilia oyea fii'eddnTkfiaa Agatiia'a face. 7 : " 1 am thinking of thee al way—with a love 7tindrcHmcd before; * I amVl.onging for thee always-lay thia ;''? thought unto thy heart—" Suddenly her voicn died away and her iiervoua hands era-died discord down the keys.-: .''."'.' '.'".'-? . ".- ':';?? "I cannot sing to- night, my couain,". alio* said, answering hia startled look. " Not that ballad, but it. may bo I shall do better with some other.'* Over Sir 'Arthur's face flashed a won dering expression. Then he snid with a gaiety strange nnd now : *' I cry your pardon, cotiain, but wo must have our Bame ballad to the very end." ..?'??. . "Not if I cannot sing it," Bho said, gently. 'y,.. "And if you cannot,, why ? Did you not sound that aweot voice through all tho strain but a week ago ? And does the nightingnlo forgot hor notes ao soon ? Try again." And so poor Miss Agatha was forced to aing tbo ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded heart, understood Iho trembling tones in which nt- la?t she finished: '* When the glowing crescent cradle gleamed thai night from out the Bkics Then he spoke to rue with language—he ????' had told mc witb his eyes." Aa those last words died awny M'ss Agatha turned slightly, with a.'faint smile, and met Sir Arthur's oyes. All. tbo truant blood flushed into the whito throat nnd face to meet his gaze. As for biin; bo-had gone quite pale, crushing the music in bis hand nnd leaning for ward. ' .. " Ah, Agathn, havo 1 indeed: told you what I bavo so hardly struggled to oon ccnl ?".! board him whisper softly. liven while joy.far. her filled my heart, I saw her draw back in scorn. "My lord, yon forget Mistrena Eliza beth "Berkeley 1!' sbo said. " Ay, it was n cruel word she spake, ana forgetting myself iii dismay, I had nl moat sprung toward her when I heard his voice onco more. "1 do, Hweet Agatha,-'though, aa seemed more meet, I tried not to lose her from my thoughts.r Hut a man can not chooso-but render up his lovo with thoso hlnck eyes upon bim." When I perceived from her face thnt not again would she scorn her hoppincss, I lied nvvay nnd left tho twain, rejoicing thnt, it was ao. Well, thoy wore married at. once, and for nil tbey loved each other truly, thoy woro not happy. Poor La-Jy Agatha was jealous of tbo portrait of Mistress Elfci.-iht.th': sho could not.brook to ace her husband looking so at her in thn picture. Well do I remem ber when Bhe made a mll;'ciu't.iin and hung tl.o portrait over. As 1 said juat now, she was nlwnysabit fanciful and childlike. , Scarce bad I, assisting her, completed tbo hanging of the silky when in enmo my lord. When ho saw what she. had been nbout, his brow contracted as though some sudden pniii. beset him, and he iptustioned : "Is this woll done," Agatha?" " Ay, sir," she answerod steadily. "It is well done for my peace of mind, though not, perohnnce, for your desires." And with that she ran past us both like n mad crentm-e, and Hung herself sobbing on bey bed. Sir Arthur, always as forbearing as on the night of their betrothal, siiflorcd the curtain to remain without further speech, and shortly after yielded to his w|fe'a wish to havo their portraits painted, seated, as on that evening in the music room. Indeed, ho refused ber nothing, and when she bade him havo a namo lot into tbe wood-work of Iho frame he complied with but little delay, though she would not. tell him wherefore , she wished it.' " A Pause in the Music,"V she had chosen, and though always it sounds to mo like a fancy picturo, yet it was her desire. Ono evening, when for some reason aho seemed sadly low spirited, Sir ArthtiT drew her in hero for a game of romps j but she wont und stood before ber own portrait, banging beside the curtained one. When her husband camo ro hor side, she turned suddenly, leaning against him, and said sadly : ."Ah, Arthur, it wns nn unhappy -mo mont when into the music of yonr life I brought my discordant notes. The music pausod—novel- again to be so awe-U"-- - - '-'? -'-"?'? -'-'?-'.?'-' At this, comprehending hor whim of the nfluio. Sir Arthur was sore wnti'ndud'; but hei reprcived her gently for ber idle' fancies, und pr<sontly she grew i|iiilo gay in iisaurnnc'eM of his tender lovo. Until was only for the time. .Matters went fiom bad' to worse, nnd my mistress'grew moro hard to bear with each day. For tho first time she quarrelled with in., hor over, faithful maid, and her lila of passion caino oftouor and lusted longer. As a revelation diil it como to Sir Arthur ber uncontrollable temper. Always bavo 1 believed that tbo poor child was near distraught : for fear her husband should love bettor tbo dead wifo than the living. Often wondered I in bia marvellous patience with bis passionate wife, for she would have caused a saint towns wrath; though.l apeak against one dead and gone. Well, ono ovcning,' lo mako a long story abort, my lord arid lady sat at. tea, .and it was I wbo served them. Presently my mistress nsknd her husband if bis tea were to hi- liking. Pleasantly enough ho answered, in his joking way, that it had boen made sweeter, for. him in'days gone by. My lortl thought of his indulgent mother and hia days of boyhood, but my mistress was in a whito rage directly. : ... — ." Would to goodness the- Mistress Klizabcth wore here to mnkoTt for you-.1" she cried, in hcr.insano jealousy, and ero he or I saw what she did, aho hnd flung the warm ten full in hia face. J'stood deprived by fear of motion, but my lord, for the first time in a long life," liiid lost control of his temper; ,: Dashing the lea"from bia'?!.;,..?, ntid'strodo to her side, and oh, it wns an ovil moment in which he did such a cruel act I' for in far less timo than T toll you in, ho hnd lifted the hare, pretty arm .and broken it. ngainbt bin knee ! .''-.' .My lady sank back fainting, and -iny lord, when be saw mc dart ?to her side, got himself away. '"' "' ! -..??:,'?: Well, he sont'off at once for a surgeon, and tho arm wao act, and much'waa tho wonderment aa to. the bro-iking. . I conld only .?>? that I had found her.lying ao. .'. ' -.. '?" ?. .v.. When <ho came to -lionelf., again"! was sitting by ber side, and never shall I for get tho anguished look when alie aaw the bandaged ann.nnd t"->k remembrance' of what had' happened.-.. She turned toward mc with wide-stretched eye*". ' ..:"'??-. ???? . "You will not let him- come ir., \\\il kins?''- -?? y'-::':-'-. .':/".. 7',:r r ' / 7:..y. :'?? " No"; my lady.'-'l promised mournfully, and preaontly iho 'slept; " ?: .But poor Sir Arthur's remorao -wa? dreadful to witness. "-. r-. -" -' , " How can I ever blamo poor Agatha s lack of self-control,'.' he would groan, " ivlien my sinful temper has led mc to so brutal an net t. Do y.';u think 'alio will see, mc to-morrow, Wilkins ?" : . - But though nn my knees I pleaded with my lady in bis behalf, she . toadlustly re fused each day to see him. When I spoke of bis agonising reinorae,-Bhe interrupted mo." - ?-"?.'?..-?'?''?.'.'?"? .?'?-'. : '??.??: : '.-::. ????? '.-"'.? "Wilkins, will yiiu carry my husband a measago:from nin ?";..?'.' "That'wiin," I nnswered, right gladly, for methought she had relented of her harahnessi ???'?'?!.':? . -'. . ????',' . 'tTell him from mc, then," she said, and her voice, know no.trepjnr, "that nover in this world,' or tho next, do I wish to see hia . face! again..'.' .... "Oh, my lady." I begged, almost stunned, "do not ask tiie' to' toll him that.","''.'.'. : "You promised. Oo !" sho said, coldlj*, nnd, wilh tears streaming from my eyes, I went, --?''-"';?- .-.'. ?'?? " Sir Arthur lifto'tl townrd me,'when I entered to hitn, a face .'which bad aged fivo years in a fortnight. '7 " Woll, Wilkins ?." lie said, n.faint hope brightening in bin eyes. How I delivered thnt cruel message, I know? not, but'presently, weeping bit terly,! found'myself back with my lady, nnd shivering like one in an ague. No questions put my indifferent mistress, nnd almost, for tbo timo, I hated her. Whon she could-have como frjm her room, but kept it, through fear of meot ing Sir Arthur, "and whon he saw'that it wus oven so,'he handed mc, one day, a largo cnvolnpa thick with contents, ask ing that I give it unto my "mistress. She pirusod tbo document coldly, nnd re placing it, bado mc carry it back, lit which my lord inquired eagerly if his wifo re lented of her coldness. When I nnswered him nay, a look of blank despair fell ovor the handsome face. \- Ho told mo tbo onvelopo contained his commission, and thnt he should go away on tbo morrow to servo tho king, seeing that ho could not hia wife. And my heart bledfor him when ho aaiU ho could not ride until ho had seen her. So I made bold to bid bim follow 1110 to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. Whon ho entered in I shrank bncknmid the hangings, nfraid fur tbis thing that 1 bad done.' ; My lady sat gazing from her window, nnd did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it iiui, until, struck by the silence, sho turned and saw her hus band. '??'??..' - , " Yon !" oho said, in a voice, mingling fear with scorn. "You I" " I nm como to say good-bye, Agatha," ho answered, cut to tho heart by look and tono. Then quoth my cruollady, with hand outstretched to tho door : " So be it, faro thee well, Sir Arthur." He turned, leaving her presence, and bia faco was that of the old lord, his father, when he bad lain dead in. his enflin. And so my mistress let him away with out word of forgiveness or wifely love, even though hor henrt raged in her bosom through worship'of him.' But she chide mc. not for the bringing of him to her chamber. For many months we led a right lonely lifo in Berkeley Hall..- My master wrote most regularly to his harsh lady, and each letter sho. read with indifferent mien, handing it therewith to mc, tbat the ser vants might know how their master fared. This news carried I to- tho servants ball, and of tho war, but knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionate tenderness anil pleading for forgiveness which filled his pages. .Never a lino of good or ill did my mis tress pen, hold by her wicked pride. But i when the winter came on severe, and the great house grow chill and draughty, then did rlib grow each day more unlike her solf. No longer did sho read, or sing, or run, childlike, through the great balls. noui-B now she passed gazing out at the snow-clad forests and gray skies; and oft times at night, when the gusty winds roared through the cracking trees and whistled,;.' sharply, nt the house corners, would I: see her straining her eyes out through the,darkness. And on ono such a night I found hbriwo-ping in tbo win dow seat, and. I knew; sbo pondered on my lord, homeless, and battling not alouo with men, but with fierceness of the de ments and a despairing heart. ~'..-?? | .::. It was then I plucked up cuiugn Lv beseech my lady to writo and bid her hus band homo again, knowing bow that Bhe had forgiven bim long since. Whioh samo, after much hitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. But for her utnb liorn pride now was she punished by a waiting long nnd grioyous to bo borne, in which no heard not from Sir Arthur, save rumors of battlos bard-fought, won and lost, nud...of many killed and wounded. In tho early spring my mistresa fell ill unto death, and .after mnny weeks, in which it seemed that tbo struggling soul must surely escape the frngilo littlo body, I robed her once more, and carried her down to the great, hall where, sbo liked best to be. And f think wo both wept for very happiness, that she hail not fled awny during those months of suffering. And now she aaw thnt it was Bummer time for tbo trooa wore heavy-leaved and tho grass sprung greenly, nnd still hor one thought w : as for tho warrior husband for whom ih'ailcnce alio bad grieved hersolf down into tho ahndow of death. As tho hot duya dragged by wo caw that 'health waa njt for her again unless the absent camo. For aho grow no stronger, nnd when I lifted her from chair to couch, or carried her along tho stairway, almost it was as. though I.held my own infant in my nrma. One ovoning, when I bad cushioned ber in the deep window sent,'with tho sashes all thrown wide that she might feel tho faint breezes stoal across her wan fnce, she apoko to mo of this. 1 " AViikins, do you think lie will come qiiiokly ?" And I, knowing of whom aho thought, mado haste to answer : " Suroly, my lady ; in a few weeks now, at tbo utmost. ' 704 ."But-Wilkins," her answer came, mingled :with a sob, so weal; waa. she, poor lamb, that -scarce could alio spenk without toara, " but ob; Wilkin*, then 1 may not be here I" : So choked waa I with tho fear that sbe spake tho truth,*that I could .only kuflel at her aido and kiss tho thin, hands. ' With that klio looked at mc keenly, sind rending my face drew in hor 'breath sharply onco''or twice, aa. a - person wakened suddenly, from,deep sleep, then turned her face again to watch the stars, calm and bright above earthly unrest and gloom.-"' - ? v.--':'-- ' ;-?,...?:'.'' -.7-?-'-?.'? . Presently I sank low on tbo floor, .loan* ing my bead „ lightly tigainatmy mistress, and. so we ant fur'into the'a'tar-lit night. But bethinking myself of hor feeble atato,- I besought -h*r ; to allow mc to bear her to her chamber,'and when she answered mc not, anold. fear aprohg, -like a clutch ing baud, to iny.h'enrt, for I saw that alio bad swooned. ~ : , , '???'?'?'.? Tho next." day, my lady naked mc if I would render her a service. " What would I' not.'.' I, asked, where upon quoth ahe ; -. "When 1 am gone.do you tear the silken covering from the portrait of my husband nnd .Mistreaa. Elizabeth, and should he come again, .tell him I bade.it dono.. But firmly nm I. persuaded that in another world bo sees my Borrow and rc pontaiice, and 1 myself' will have hi? lovo and pardon ore ninny days." ? Nevertheless, she said ,to mo, a little later in thedny ;.- : -"I am trying hard to await bis coming, but it is so long—so wearily long!" and again..:".." Ah. many and ninny a break was there in the two-fold 111 usic of our lives! Mine wero the discordances and the failures. Tell Arrbur that now - havo paused to take breath for an endless har mony." No, it bad not been a happy marriage, that of my lord alid my lady, and yet they loved each other. My lady's .Spanish blood "had. spoiler* her for an English woman, and my lord's English tompera mcut gave him no clue to the wild pas sions and changing mooda in tho woman bo bad won. .. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lower, mid all woro despairing of ber life, when my lord came home. Hiding bard ho came; mud-be spattered and-travel-worn, dashing np to tho groat hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown . the stair, was I coming when I saw him on the threshold, nnd as ono paralysed I stood, nor could opon my mouth for joy. Hut my master strode ncross the ball and up the stair to'whore I halted, his jingling spurs and clanking sword sounding strangely harsh in that quiet house. "Clod save you, good .Wilkins," ho snid, merrily. ?' Do you mistake a man for a ghost that yon stand ,hnd stare? Whore bide? my. dear lady ?" And then inethinka ho must havo seen trouble in my faco, for be graaped my aria so that it was blue for... many days, and demanded hoarsely : "May it ploasoyou, sir,"l snid nt last, "my mistress is very ill j I fear this aud-' don joy will kill her. jLet mc tell hor you aro hero, lest—" J " No, no 1 my sweetheart will not dio of mo 1" ho cried. "And love shall snatch hor from tbo very grave 1" Ho sprang past mc and into tho cham ber of my mistress. I heard n wild screnm, and then sank trembling on tho stair; for only that day the dootor hnd said a sudden shock would kill my poor lamb. But, ah I I need not have whimpored ao vainly, for from the hour of Sir Arthur's , coming" Mistress Agatha rallied ; anil when ab last Bhe came down stair* agnin, her dark oyes aoft and tender with happi ness, her husband carried bur, not I. .In truth, oven bad ho not grulged mo that, sweet : service, alio had grown much too heavy for my poor arms. The picture of Mistress Elizabeth was presently uncovered by. my lady's own bands, and in the days to como often stood sho beforo it with her husband, ao niiring it? fair beauty with nover n trace of jealousy or anger left iv her chastened heart, for lovo and suffering hnd done in hor their work. Many yoars bavo passed since then, child. " I am an old, old woman, out .living husband, master, mistress, nil 1 loved. I can only wait patiently for the brief days to end which separate my dear ones from tho fond heart that loved thorn so, nnd which is faithful still. 