THE PROPERTY-MASTER'S GHOST. Joe Pinder, property-master of the Theatre Royal, was a poet, not that lie was any the less a property-master, for a more conscientious and hard-working servant never submitted to be sworn at by a stage-master : but at times the ' cacoetbes scribundi' would be strong upon him, aud then, if the work was at all slack, he was to be avoided by all prosaic persons whe did not want to be seized bv the first available button, while Pinder, with his eye in si fine frenzy rolling, poured forth '? A Poem to the Pit,' or ' Stanzas to the Stalls.' At the beginning of tbe season a pretty and intelligent young girl had joined the company to play small parts. She was the only daughter of a poor widow, who gained her livelihood as a seamstress at one of tbe large theatrical costumiers iu London. Her name, or rather her professional name, was Rose Hazledean. She had begun her theatrical career as a coryphee, 'out, by dint of sheer bard work and persever ance, had obtained sufficient education to qualify herself for a more responsible position. During the season she had so im proved by practice in the varied range of characters, and bad gained so much confidence by the praise nnd encourage ment of the manager and company, that a bright and successful career was predicted for her. Amongst others whose general kind ness and practical suggestions bad been of great assistance to the struggling girl was John Lester, who played the leading juvenile business. He was a capital actor, and a good fellow, who would probably bave achieved a much higher position but for an unfortunate penchant for playing practical jokes. Managers did not always appreciate a species of humour which sometimes made them tbe buttof their companies and servants, and Jack Lester frequently found that his manager's sense of humour did not extend beyond an en velope placed in his hands by tho prompter containing a fortnight's notice, Forced by necessity and experience to spare the Manager, and finding the company at the Theatre Royal too wide awake to become his victims, Jack Lester had seized upon the property master for his prey, and Pinder, who in other respects was a remarkably intelli gent and clever young fellow, would be beguiled into reading his poetry and giving copies to bis hypercritical patron, who would ingeniously pervert and alter them into such extraordinary pro ductions that when they were read in the green-room with exaggerated gesture and burlesque emphasis, his listeners would be convulsed with laughter. Jack Lester's amusement, however, was one nigbt brought to a termination by tbe extraordinary and unexpected behaviour of Rose Hazledean, who in dignantly protested against tbe ridicule that was being heaped upon the devoted head of tbe unconscious poet, and who avowed ber intention of warning him, unless the cruel amusement was at once stopped. Jack Lester persisted* and Rose Hazledean speedily proved she was a woman of her word. The result of her championship of Pinder was seen the next day, when, in response to Lester's invitation to write hiin a poem for re citation between tbe pieces, not to take more than five minutes, describing the history and wanderings of the lost tribes of Israel, Pinder replied in language which, if not elegant, was at least forcible, ' Write it yourself, and be bothered.' A coolness now sprung up between Pinder and his quondam patron, more than counterbalanced, however, by tbe increased and senuine interest evinced by Rose Hazledean in the poet's verses, which rapidly developed a more amorous tendency, and when one of the ladies found some verses left accidenclv upon Rose's dressing place, beginning with, — Pouting lips, I love to kiss yoa. Walking homeward in tbe wet ; When to raise tbe homely gingham lo our rapture we forget : suspicions were aroused, which appeared to gain confirmation when another effusion was discovered in her band-bag, which she had left on her chair while rehearsing, and which concluded, — With the ring npon your Soger Id the vestry you will linger, With our anxious hearts at ease, While 1 pay the parson's fees. All doubts, however, were set at rest towards the end of November, when it was formally announced that Miss Hazledean had become Mrs. Pinder, The autumn season had drawn towards the close. Pinder was busy modelling for tbe pantomime, and the programme was being changed nightly, in a vain attempt to draw a goose-and-pudding loving public, when a drama founded upon ' East Lynne' was put into re hearsal for performance the same night. MiBs Rose Hazledean (Mrs. Pinder), in consequence of the indisposition of the leading lady, was caBt for tbe runaway wife. The rehearsal was a hastv and incomplete one. Tbe manager was busy drilling the ballet for the pantomime. The prompter's attention was distracted by plot*, and be was hurriedly sent to Bir ''ifihatn to purchase certain necces n,. ? the pi'oiiei'ty-room, In the saries tor supposed to be drauia, a letter addtBBBed written by the runaway wu»., -*'1 to her husband, in which she announce.. jim luieauon oi leaving aim tor ever. ! The prompter being busy, Mrs. Pinder copied the letter herself, and at the end of the evening's preformance it was noticed by Jack Lester, just as Mrs. Pinder rushed up to tbe prompter, and, in an excited manner, asked to be ex cused rehearsal next morning. She had received a telegram to Bay that her mother was ill. There wss just time to catch the lust train, and be back in time for the next night's performance might she go ? r ermission was at once given. She wrofe a hurried note to her husband, explaining the cause of her absence ; gave to the prompter to hand to Pinder, who was expected back before the farce was over. She then harried away with a hasty good-night to Jaok Lester. whose busy brain immediately con ceived the idea of playing a practical joke upon Pinder. It was a sudden impulse, acted upon without thought. The prompter's attention was engaged, and in a moment the envelope, insuffi ciently fastened, was opened, und the property letter, bidding farewell to her husband, was substituted for the real one. The performance was over, tbe lights were lowered, the company and em ployes had left, and Jack was in the act of saying good-night to the hall keeper, when Pinder returned, and the note was placed in his hands. He read it through by the solitary gas-jet over the door, crushed it in his hand, and without a word walked into the dimly- lighted and gloomy theatre, and up into his property-room, which was situated over the flies. Lester, who was in reality a very good-hearted fellow when nut blinded by his master passion, watched Pinder's retreating figure, aud had just made up his mind to go after liiui and explain everything, when he was suddenly seized by half-a-dozen jovial acquaint ances wtio had come to fetch hiui out to supper, and, listening to no excuses, tbey dragged him away to a neighbour ing hostelry, where in the excitement Pinder was forgotten, and it was not until the next morning, when, with an aching head, he dragged himself to the theatre, that he remembered with a pang of remorse the cruel joke that he had perpetrared. 'Late, as usual, Mr. Lester,' ex claimed the manager, as Jack made his appearancc. ' Beginners, please,' shouted the prompter, and tbe rehearsal proceeded quietly, only delayed now and then by tbe want of such properties as were essential to the schemes, and which, after considerable delay, were brought by Pindei's assistant. ' Where's that confounded property man ?' continually shouted the manager but without result, aud the first act was over when Lester's attention was called to a group of tbe company who were pointing overhead to tbe gridiron over the stage. ' What's that hanging up there 1' asked one. 'A pantomime property, I suppose,' replied another, looking up. ' Wonderfully made,' said a third. ' Capital fellow, Pinder ; the best modeller in England.' Lester, like the rest, looked up, and there, dangling at the end of a rope, between the borders, was a something that in tbe uncertain light looked strangely like a human body, and the sight of which sent a strange thrill through Jack Lester's heart, and caused it to sink within him. ' What are you all star-gazing there for ?' asked the manager. Tbe object of interest was pointed out to him. ' Capital model of a man,' said tbe first old man. ' It gave me the Bbakes when I first saw it.' ' Yon must have seen it months ago, then,' answered the low comedian. ' Remarkably like a banging man,' Baid the walking gentleman, as he planted a glass in his eye and looked UP ' Not unlike Pinder himself/' added another. 'By Jove,' shouted the manager, who had been steadily looking aloft, '? it is Pinder ! Quick, there, some of you, come with oie and help to cut him down.' And away he rushed, followed by several of the gentlemen. j As tbe rest of the company gathered together and stood by the prompt entrance in silent horror, Jack Lestei turned deadly white, and clung to one of the wings for support, The suspense was almost insupportable, and when, in a few minutes, the word was passed down that it was Pinder, his heart seemed to stand still. He staggered to the stage door, home to his lodgings, locked the door, and sank into a chair, overcome with an agony of remorse. T it imamna f-.inn 1 -,a.,„ #?),„ i.. wulu xuo horror-stricken whispers as the body was lowered to the stage, see the white face, with tbe glassy eyes turned towards him with an internal reproach in them. This, then, was the result of his practical joking — he was a murderer. How tbe time passed he never knew, but he was aroused by a knocking at the door. He rose mechanically, opened it, aud admitted his landlady, who brought him some tea, and iuformed him that it was time to go to tbe theatre. Now came the necessity for reflection and decision. Might he not be accused -C i. 1,« J ? i.U ii* j... n T c -i. ? I ui. tuo ueaiu -jj. i. iiiuei i J.L iu were proved, his career would be ruined for ever. No one: had seen him change tbe letters 5 no one could prove bis agency in this business. Would it not be better to bury his ghastly secret in his own breast, and put on a bold front? Yes, he would j and bracing himself for the ordeal, he boldly walked down to the theatre. As Jack Lester entered the stage door, he bad not the courage to ask the hall-keeper if there was more news concerning the tragic occurrence of the ujuimug, uui, siuuK rawer man waiKea across the dimly-lighted stage to bis dressing-room, which was situated at the end of a passage on the opposite aide, As he passed under the Bpot where the body had hung in the njorn ing, u. u,,t tbe knowledge that to turn back, ... *'st)icion gave his absence might, raise ... ft him pnnrjXfO o.irl ho .. strange feeling that an indefinable presence wps either behind liim or beside him. The dim, ghost-like atmosphere of the unlighted theatre added to the illu sion, and, with a dreadful sinking of the hpurh and U (ocvihln canaanf ? , ? j » w. .»u.v Bbiigv Wl tUjpCUUUIg misfortune, he walked down the dark passage, turned the handle of bis dress ing-room door, entered, and there, beneath the half-turned gas-jet that but dimly lighted the corner where he usually dressed, he saw the erect form of Pinder, pointing, with a ghastly, mocking grin upon bis pale face, to the rope that bung round hi8 neck. He would have turned and fie d, but borro-' held him spellbound ; he would have cried out, but his tongue refused utterance as the figure advanced to wards liiui, holding «ut the letter, and, in a deep, sepulchral voice, exclaimed : ' You ought to be well ashamed of yourself for playing a trick like this.' ' Not dead !' gaBped Jack Lester, clinging to the handle of the doot. ' Not a bit of it,' answered the ghost, turniug up the gas. ' I met my wife at tbe station before she started. You played your game without telling the rest of the company. I took them into my confidence, aud here they are to see who holds trumps.' At that moment the door was pushed open from without, and a roar of laughter salutBd Jack Lester, that rang in his ears for months after. ' But the body.' ' Made it myself, and bung it myself. When you made fun of my poetry everybody except me was in the .joke, and everybody was in this one except you. Take my advice, give up practical joking, sir, and if ever you are tempted to break out again, just you remember that actors arc just as easily takeu in as poets, and take warning by 'The Property-Master's Ghost.'' 