PRETTY ANNIE. This befel in the old days, and, as my friend Private Mulvaney was specially careful to make clear, the TTnregenerate. There had been a royal, dog ficht in the nullah at the back of the rifle butt? between Learovd'a Joclr and Ortheris's Blue Hot — bGth mongrel Rasa pur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling; ifcinutes, and then Blue Bot collapsed abd: Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and Ave were all very thirsty. &l; dog fight is a most heating enter tainment, quite apart from the ehout ine, because Bampurs fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red d^er in some respects. "Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp in their breasts, and they bell one to the other exactly like challenging bucks. This is noticeable even in men who con sider themselves superior to privates of the line : it shows the refining in fluence of civilization and the march of progress. Tale provoked ta^e, and each tale Inore beer. Even dreamy Learoyd's eyes began to brighten, and he un burdened himself of a long history in which a trip to Malham Cove, a gis-1 at Pately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in a drawl ing tangle. " An' so Ah coot's yead oppen from i' chin t' hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' a month," concluded Lea toyd pensively. Mulvaney came out of a reverie— he was laying down— and flourished Lis heels in the air. " You're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, " but you've only fought wid men, an' that's an ivry-day expayrience; but I've stood up to a ghost, an' that was not ivry-day expayrience." "No," said Ortheris, throwing a eork at him, " You git up an' address the 'ouse—you an' yer expayrience. Is it 9, bigger one nor usual ?" 'Xs-aa the livia' trut'answered Mulyaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheria by the collar. " I^ow, where are ye, me son? Will ye take ihe wurrud av the Lorrd out av my mouth, another time ?" He shook hhn to emphasise the question. o, somethin5 else, though," said Ortheris, making a dash at Mulvaney's pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. " I'll chuck it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go!" " You maraudin' hathen ! Tis the only cutty I iver loved. Handle fier tmder or I'll chack you acroit the j xiullali. If that poipe bruk—All ! Give her back to me, sorr ?" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely per fect clay, as shiny as the black ball at pool. I took it- reverently, but I was firm. " Will you tell us about the ghost fight if I do ?" I said. " Is ut the shtory that's troublin' you ? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gettin' ut my own way, as Popp Doggie said whin they found hina thryin, to ram a cartridge down the muzzle,. Ortheris, fall away!" He released the little Londoner, took his pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He has the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. il Did I iver tell you," he began, " that I was wausfc the d i av a man ?" " Tou did," said Learoyd, with a childish gravity that made Ortheris yell with laughter, for Mulvaney was always impressing upon us his merits in the old days. " Did I iver tell you," Mulvaney continued calmly, " that I was wanst more ay a fand than I am now ?" " Mer-ria! \ou don't mean it?" said Ortheris. t: Whin 1 was Corp'ri] I was rejuced j afterwards, but, as I say, when I was. i Corp'ril, I was a d——1 of a man." He was silent for nearly a minute, " Ey&h;! They was great times. I'm ould now ; ir.y hide wore off in patches; siuthry-go has disconceited me, and I'm a married man tu. But j I've had my day, I've had my day, j and nothin'' can take away the taste av that! Oh ' my time past whin I j put me fut through ivery liviu5 wan | av the Tin Commandments between j lleviliy and Lights Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back av me hand an' slept on ut all as qaict as a little child 1 But ut's all over, ut's over, au' 'twill niver come back to menot though 1 prayed for a week of San da vs. Was there any wan m the ould rig'mint to touch Corp rii Terence Mulvaney ? I isivev met him*. Irry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' after :n those day?, an' ivery man was my di-arest frind or—I had stripped to. him an we iinew who was the belther man av the tu. tiin I was Corp'ril 1 wud not ha' changed with the Colonel—no, nor yet the < ommaudher iu Chiel. I wud be a fsargint. There was nothin' I wud not be ! Mother av Hivinjook at me! IVhat am I n0w? But no mattheri I must get to the other ghosts not the wans in my ould head. We was quartered in a big c-anton mmt tis no manner av use namin' names, for it might give the barricks aisiepilation — an I was the Imperor av the earth to my own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the same, small blame to thim. A filler we had lain there a year, Bragin. the colouz'-sargint av E Comp'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady s maid to some bif lady in the station. She's dead nQ\vy is Annie Isragirj died at ivirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah—seven nine years gone, an' Bra^in he married agin. But she a pretty woman when Bragiu introduced her to canfonmint society. She had eyes like Ihe brown av a buttherSy's wing whin the sun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sof button av a inoulh that T would ha' gone through all Asia bristhV wid bay inis to get a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the ! Colonel's charger—forgive me men J tionin tnat blunderm' baste in the same mouthful w:ih Annie Sragin but 'twas all splmn gold, an5 time was whin a lock uv ut was more than di monds to tnc. Thpre was nivpr a pretty woman yet, an' I've had thruck wid a lew, cud open the door to Annie Bra«:n. Iv.as in the chapel I saw her fiist. me oi rolling roiled as usual to see fwat was to be seen. ' You're too good for bragiu, my love, thinks I to myself, ' but that's a mistake I can put straight or my name is not Terence Mulvaney ' Now, take my wurrd for ur, you Ortheris there an' Learovd, an' kape out uv Mailed Quarters—as I did not. ? No good iver comes of ut. an' there s aiways the chance uv your bein found wid you?* face in ihe dirt, a «ong pi^-kot in the back uv your head, an vour hands playin' the fifes on the tieaa uv another man's doorstep. 'Txvas-so we found O'Hara, he that Uafferty killed six years gone, whin he wiut to his death wid his hair oiled, wlustlin' 'Larry O'Rourke' betunj ins teeth. Kape out av the Married Quarters, I say, as I did not. 'Tis onwhoiesim, 'tis dangerous an' 'tis ivery thin* that's bad, but—oh, me sowl, 'tis swate while it lasts ! " I was always hangin' about there j whin I «aa off duty and Bragiu j wasn't, but niver a sweet word beyon' ordin»r did i get from Annie Bragin. 'Tie the ye varsity av the sect, sez I to myself, an gave my cap another cock on mv head an' straightened my back —an' wine off as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Quarters laugliin'. I was pershuaded —most boys are, I'm tbinkin'— that no women bora av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger. I had reason for thinkin' that way—till I met Annie Bragin. " Time and agin whin I was bland andherin' in' the dusk,, a man would go past me as quiet as a cat-. * That's quare,' thinks !.< 'for I am, or shud be the only man in these parts. Now what devilment can Annie be up to ?' I'll in I called myself a blay guard for think in' such things ; but I thought thim all the same. An' that, mark you, is the way av a man. " Wan eveuin' I said :' Mrs. Bragin, manin' no disrespect to you, who is that Gorp'ril man'—I had seen the stripes, though I cud niver get sight av his face—'who is that corp'ril man that comes in always whin I'm goiu' away ?' " 'Mother av God i5 sez she, turnin' as white as my belt; ' have you seen him, too ?' "' Seen him sez I; * Av course I have. Did ye want me not to see him for'—we were standin' talkin' in the dhark, outside the neraudah of Brag in's quarters—'you'd better tell me to shut me eyes. Onlesa I'm mistaken he's come now,' " An' sure enough, the corp'ril man was vvalkin' to us hangin' his head down as though he was ashamed av himself. " 1 Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' sez I, very cool. "Tis not for me to inter fere wid your amoors—but you might manage these things wid more dacency. I'm off to canteen,' I sez. " I turned cn my heel an' went away, swearin' I wud give that man a dressin' that wud stop him messin' about the Mar ried Quarters for a month an' a week. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie Bragin was hangin' on to my arm, and I cud feel that she was shakin'" all ore r. £'' Don't ye go, Mister Mulvaney !' sez she. ' You're flesh and blood at the least—are ye not £t' I'm all that,' sez I, an' my anger wint away in a flush. ' Will I want to be asked twice,. Annie ?' " Wid that I slipped my arm around her waist, for, bedad, I fancied she had surriudered at discretion, an' the honours av war were mine. " ' What nonsinse is this?' sez she, { dhrawin' hersilx up on the tips av her | dear little toes. 'Wid the mother's milk not dhry on your impident mouth! Let go !' she sez. Did ye not say just now that I was flesh and blood ?' sez I: 'I have not changed since,' I sez, and I kep' me arm where ut was. Your arms to yourself !' sez she and her eyes sparkled. j " ' Sure 'tis only nature,' sez I; an' i I kep' my arm where it was. " ' Nature or no nature,' sez she, j ' yoa take your arm away or I'll teli Bragin, and he'll alter the nature of your head. Fwhat d' you take me for ?' she sez. " ' A woman,' sez I, ' the prettiest in bari icks.' " ' A wife ' she sez,' the straiglitest in cantonmists.' " Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mint fwhat she said." " Then j'ou know something that a pood few men would gi >e a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell V" 1 demanded in the interests of science. *" Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. i " Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat and go. You'll only make a fool av youreilf av you sthay. But av the hand lies upon the lap, or av you see her thryin' to shut ut aud she can't, go on ! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I was sayin', I fell back, saluted, an' was goin' awaj. '" Sthay Avid me,' sez she. 'Look! He's comin' again.' " >.he pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comin' out av Bra gin's quarters. He's done that these fiveevenin's past,' sez Annie Bragin. 'G fwhat shall I do " ' He'll not do ut again,' sez I, for I was fij»htin mad. 'liapeaway from a man that has been a trifle crossed in lore till the fevers died down. He rages like a brute beast. " I up to the man in the verandah, manin', as sure as I sit, to knock the lite out him. He slipped into the open. ' Fwhat are you doin' pnilandei'in' about here, vescuin of the the gutter r' sez J, polite, to give him his warnin , for I wanted him ready. '* He niver lifted his head, but sez all mournful and melancolius, as if he thought I would be soory for him: ' I can't find her,' sez he. '• Mv troth," sez I, " you've lived too long—and your seekin'arf findin's in a dacent married woman's quarters ! Mould up your head, ye frozen thief av Genesis," sez I, " an' you'll find all you want an' more !" But he niver hild up, an' I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eye-brows. " ^That'll do your business,' says I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit not' in' at all an' nearly put mv shoulder out. The corp'ril man was not there, and Annie Bragin, who had been watching from the verandah throws up her heels and carries 011 like a roo-ter whin his neck's wrung by the dhrummer blioy. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Bragin, is more than a p'rade ground full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman faint before, an' I stud lit6 a stuck calf, askin' her whether she was dead, an' prayin' her, for the love av me, an' the love av her husband, an' the love av the Yirgin to open her blessed eyes again, an' eallin' mesilf names undher the canopy av Hivin for plaguin' her wid my ! miserable amoors whin I ought to ha' stud betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his mess. " I misremember fwhat nonsinse I said, but I was not so far gone that I cud not hear a fut on the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by the same token Annie was comin' too. I jumped to the far end av the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me mouth. But'Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wife; that was, had tould Bragin about mv hangin' round Annie. *■ 1 That's bad hearin',' I sez, an' I knew that the pickets were dhriven in. ' What for, Sargiut ?- sez I. "'Come outside,' sea he,, 'an.' I'll show you why.' " ' I'm willin',' sez 1,4 but my stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out'wid ?' sez I. j " He was a quick man an' a just, an' saw fwhat I wud be afther. 'Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband,' sez he. He might Iia' known by me askin' that favor that I had done him no wrong. * * * # * " * I wint to the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him killin' himself against my fists. He was mad as a dumb dog—just froth ing wid rage ; but he had no chanst wid me in reach, or learain' or aay-. thing else. " ' Will ye hear reason ?' sez I whin his first wind was runnin' out. " ' Not wlioile I can see,' sez he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wing, av a sick crow. " '• Will ye hear reason now, ye brave man ? ' sez I. " ' ISTot whoile I can speak,' sez he, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an' swung into the jaw side on an' shifted ut a half pace to the left. " ' Will ye hear reason now ?' sez I; 'I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tis like I will hurt you.' "'Not whoile I can stand,' he mumbles out av one corner av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him— blind, dumb an' sick ; an' jammed the jaw straight. " ' T ou're an ould fool, Blister Bragin,' sez I. ' You're a young thief, ' sez he, ' an' you've bruk my heart, you an' Annie betune you.' " Thin he began cryiii' like a child as he lay. I was sorry as I had never been before. ;Tis an awful thing to see a strong man crv, " ' I'll swear on the cross,' sez T. " ' I care for none av your oaths ' sez he. " * Come back to your quarters,' sez T, ' an' if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. "I hoisted him an' tuk him back to his quarters. ' Mrs. Bragin,' sez T, 'here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' "' You've shamed ine before tov wife, ' he whimpers. " ' Have I so ?' sez. I. ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave you.' " An' I was. Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a daeinfc woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekase I wint into the corner shop an unstrapped lew natic, but all that I iver tuk from fcis rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. "Whin ut was done for want av breath, an' Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sez ; 4 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?' " As I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came up to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. "'I can't find her,' sez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the- puff" ay a candle. "' Saints stand betune us an' evul!' sez Bragin crossin' himself. ' That's Flahy av the Tyrone Rigmint.' Who was he,' sez I, ' for he has given me dale av fightin' this day.' " Bragin tould us that FJahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, and walked afther thov buried him, huntin' for her. " ' Well,' sez T to * lie's been hookin' out av Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin' j for the last fortnight. You may tell I Mrs. Quinn, wi' mv love, {'or I know that she's been talkin' to you, an' you've been listenin.' that she ought to onderstand the differ twist a man an a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, 'an' you've got a wife too good for you. Insfid av which you lave her to be boddered by ghosts an'—an' all manner av evil spiruts. I'll niver go talkin' in the way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good right to you both, sez I. An' wid that I wint away, havin* fought wid woman, man, and divil in the heart ar an hour. An that's fourteen years gone ! Eyah ! Cork's own city an' the blue skv above ut—an' the times that was—the times I that was !" Bcdtabp Kipling.. I 