SOME CURIOUS IXVEXTIQX8. A contributor to the New York World has been umi^ing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions stored in the Patent Office at Washington. Many of them are amusing, asd some decidely crazy. There arc, perhaps (the writer tells us), 2000 toys in one division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a -1oll liaby which sucks tlic bottle. TLc doll is pa.i'Cutetl by a Gorman, an-l it consists of a doll bal.y sitting on a ]ian, uith a 1 Kit lie fillol nitli Ktnuinc milk on a little table in front of it. A nililKr tul-c connects witli the glass yips which runs in the I-otll--, nn.I, going into tl,.. ,,,,,,,'Tl, of tl,.; ehil.l, runs flown l..l.in.l uii] tlm.tv.jh the .loll into Ih./ pan. By m'Sing of a syi.lK-n, which comes out through the .lolls haul, machinery is set to work fiy which the .loll begins to sack, and the milk flows np into its mouth and out into the pan. toy cow, uui.Jitan l«- inilte.1. The m:v is n.auV of ».*-.! or r:.l;il, i.i-l has n. tuik in of milking is i-xuetly tin- .-sit.].' as thjt of th-- runs l..i.-k ?-? thii tank, s,. Ilial she cli-w, her on-I v.'hil'; lu^in'j niilki-»l. Tlitf illuminator! cni w*x gi-.ui|Jil a pati-nt in |K«M. It is a -5iL of in:,L.-l..iuil -.r tin f'.r I|h* pumosf ..| fri-'lit. ?- inS r.\U or mi.«. U i.s U» Iwniiult; in a sitliii' |»»ture, uud it is jnintc-l «\cr with pli'*T pl.orus, so that it sbint-s in the -Iark ! ifcc a cat of (ire. Another cat, -^(Uallj' funny is;i p.Ur-nt sheer -mm anintHl, whi'.-li is w«ri:M by clo'-iiwnri;, ami lias a IkJIows iodide it ulit--h sw«IU up i'-'- tail to the size of th. inaiMu-t »f Tom-. If pntpL-Hy wt it -wiH ninv. iti'.-isv '*}ir-l to*l!ev.iW«t of midniffiit. catcrwaulers, and it has in addition steel chiws and teeth. Von wind it up, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All tie cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned daws kill every one it strikes. There is a patent machine here for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them raring their own eggs or breaking tVipm Many of the patent nens nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the Patent Office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cows' tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an ad justable false tail for horses. The lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of lovers. On the same principle is the adjustable pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs op and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his height or lower it to suit. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The nose-improver is one of the most ennous of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which arc connected by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that tie nose should be first well bathed in worm water andtthen greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this, the improver is to be attached, and the person nedng it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful, but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you hare a brand-new nose, trhich remains with you until you get tired of it, when yon buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. Luminous harness hj\» been patented, bo that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbers. After every great grave rob bery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extend ing out from it at such a distance that when Bet in the earth it would be impossible to move it except by a derrick. 