CHATTElt XIII. A DISTUK11IXO PRESENCE, The announcement o£ old llagee's in stinctive conviction that Lady Chetwynd lived, anti that it was herself and not her spectre Sylvia Monk had seen, was de livered with a startling vehemence that for an instant almost carried conviction also to Sylvia's heart. She looked appalled. The handsome swarthy face lost its deep red slain in cheeks and lips; the dull black eyes opened wide in an expression of utter terror and abhorrence. " Alive! Bernice alive 1" she whispered, hollowly. '• Impossible !" " Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should have circumvented our plans," said old Uagee. nodding her turbaned head, her ■witch-like features working convulsively. 411 did not suspect him of being so deep, but depend upon it be was liid in these rooms tipon that day so long ago when we planned Lady Chetwynd's death, and he changed the globules, and has now in his keepinjr the globules you should have given young Lady Chetwynd." " I don't believe it,"' said Miss Monk, with sudden vehemence. '• I tell you it is not so. I would rather believe that I saw a ghost to night than that I saw the living lieruicc Chetwvnd. I can prove to my own satisfaction that it was not ISernica. If it were the true Lady Obetwynd in the body, where has she been all these lifteen months since her burial ?" " Gilbert might have kept her out o£ sight., for purposes of his own." '•If it had been Lady Chetwynd in the ilesb," demanded Sylvia Monk, '• why did she not speak 1 Why did she not rush into the room and throw herself in her husband's arms?"' The old East Indian woman shook her head. The question was to her also unanswer able. Sylvia Monk's face began to glow with a certain triumph. " Ah, you cannot answer," she exclaimed, with a thrill of jubilance in her silvery tones. " 1 thought not. And Gilbert was too unmoved and quiet to have suffered recent alarm. You have made a mistake in counting, or there were not originally one hundreu globules in each vial," declared Sylvia, positively. •* We have been scared beyond all reason. We will be watchful of Gilbert, but I am persuaded that I saw a spectre to-night." She leaned back on the cushions of her chair in a delicious content. Old Jiagee locked up her tiny gold box cf deadly drugs, and restored them to the secret compart ment of the Indian cabinet. As she locked the silver-mounted door of the latter, and pushed the silver- mounted butterfly into its place over the intricate lock, she shook her weird turbaned head and muttered, in atone too low to reach Sylvia's ears : " If Missy is satisfied, let her remain so. But as for me, I am not satisfied. l'Jl watch Gilbert. I'll examine his trunk and clothes in search of the missing globule. I'll dog him like his shadow. I'll know if a spectre has come to haunt Chetwynd Park —if some strange woman is personating Lady Chetwynd—or if her ladyship is alive. If she's alive, there's danger for us ahead, and I must be on my guard to meet it. If she's alive, she'll not be living long." The old woman set her lips together grimly, and a menacing look gleamed in her small, furtive eyes. While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself into a false security, and while old Kagee was determining to probe the. mystery that was so fraught with danger to her idolised young mistress, the lord of Chetwynd was in his wife's rooms, a prey to the keenest agitation and distress. He had walked through the long-deserted rooms, noting that everything was preesely as liernice fcad left it. Here was her favorite chair by the hearth of the boudoir ; here was her desk ; there was her books, her sketches; in yonder was her open dressing caBejd^ot^ol^mountinggiitscut-glass bottles with golden stoppers, its boxes i. exquisitely chased gold marked with J,i wife's monogram ; in the spacious ward robes of the dressing room were the gar ments she had worn. The rooms seemed instirif»t with her presence. Chetwynd halt expected to see her rise from some chair, or enter At the door, the impression of her near prcsmce was so strangely vivid. He walked for hours in the long closed iv-oms, until the Gres burned low. The a with bis strange anxiety and restlessness still upon him, he retired to Bernice's bed chamber. The bed was the same ns when she had used to occupy it. He knelt down by the bedside and sobbed aloud. For a long time he knelt there, and gradually he grew calm with the calmness of his old despair. He arose and turned down the gas light to a dim half light, in which every object in the room was dis tinctly visible, and then he flung himself, fuliy dressed, upon a low couch before the health. He could not sleep in the bed in which he believed that Bernice had died. He lay with closed eyes, a travelling rug drawn over him. He was tired and worn, and gradually a sense of sleepiness I stole over bim, and he dozed uneasily. | He was aroused suddenly, with a swift ness of thought, by a soft touch on his fore : head. He did not open his eyes, and the touch descended again, as softly as a snow flake falls, upon his moustached lips. The touch was slightly chill but it was like a silent, fluttering kiss. He stirred—he opened his eyes. And then he saw again the vision that he had seen hours before in the lower rooms. He beheld Bernice—Bernice in the develop ment of a magnificent and splendid beauty —with the tender, innocent eyes he had loved ; with the sensitive mouth ; with the lithe, light, graceful figure, and wearing still the white robes in which she had been buried. He lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. She had glided from him to the distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an inefiable love and anguish. She opened her mouth as if to speak, but no words came. She spread her bared arms as if to enfold him. " Bernice !" cried out the young lord, in a sharp, shrill voice. " Bernice, speak to mel" She shook her head sorrowfully, and slowly retreated towards his dressing room. j With a startling cry. he sprang up from ' his couch and bounded toward her. She continued her swift retreat, lookiDg backward at him over her shoulder with that radiant face of love and sorrow, and j disappeared in the dressing room. The door closed behind her. Chetwynd dashed it open, but the vision was gone. He explored the bath-room adjoining ; he ran out into the great hall, the door leading into it from the bath-room being unlocked; he searched the great empty guest-chambers, but he found 110 trace of his strange visi tant. His search aroused Miss Monk, and she appeared in a scarlet dressing-grown, her feet encased in slippers of white down, look ing frightened, while old llagee peered over her shoulder. Chetwynd aiiologised for j arousing Sylvia, and made some unintel ligible excuse, but kept up bis wild search, I being half beside himself. He knocked at Gilbert Monk's door, but there ca>ne no response. The door was un- | loeked, and he entered the room. A light j and a fire were burning, but Monk was not there. j Considerably puzzled at Monk's absence j from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the hall, where Sylvia still stood, wondering and bewildered. " j ;<l)id you bear burglars, Roy?" cried' Sylvia Mont. "Is not Gilbert in his j room J" | " No; he is not there. I—I fancied I saw I something, Sylvia, and I came to look. That's j all. Goodnight." j " Was it — was it the soectre again, Roy T' * ■■yes, 'said Chetwynd, desperately. "I fancied that I saw her once more. Good night.'' He went into his rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba tion, retired to her own apartments. The two women argued themselves into a state of calmncss after a little, but Lord Chet wynd walked his Jloors all the long night, and watched, and listened, and waited. But the spectre did not come again. Gilbert Monk, after leaving his sister in the drawing-room, had hurried out cf doors, as wa have said, in search of Jlernice. The one great idea tuat possessed him was to find her. He comprehended tuat he stood upon -.he blink of exposure. ile searched the lawn, the shrubberr, the rocks overhanging Use sea, the strip of beach, the boat and bath houses, and pene trated far into the park, peeping into nooks and glades and coverts, but lie did net lind ber. He hurried in and out among the thick shadows of the trees for hours, and at last the conviction came to him that she had in some way eluded him. ''She may be hidden in the house all this while, ' lie thought. " She may have gone to my room to plead with me to release her from her vow. Little Puritan ! She will not dare break her sworn oath not to reveal her identity to Chetwynd, or any other, without any permission. She is truth itself. But what a test for her, to stand before Chetwynd to-night, and not be able to speak to him ! The girl's as brave and true as she is beautiful." He acted upon his new idea, hurrying into the house and up to his rooms. It was°past eleven o'clock, and the lights were all turned off- or burning dimly. There was no one in the great hail, into which the faint moonlight streamed through the end win dows, He opened his door, 'l'he lire and light were burning, but 110 person was in his room. It seemed to him, however, that some one had been there recently. The rug was disarranged, as if one knelt upon it, and the fire seemed to have been lately stirred to a bvi^h'ev blaze by an unskilful hand. He was sure liernice had stolen in here in his absence, and had remained simc minutes to warm heiself, and in anticipation of his return. •'She'll come again," he thought. "She's like an uncaged leopardtss since she saw her husband. I'll wait here for her." He left iiis door unlocked that she misht enter silently, and Hung himself into an easy-chair in an obscure corner, and waited for tier appearance. But the time wore on and she did not come. The great clock struck the hour of twelve, but stili liernice did not come. Monk waited until a great fear came to him that Bernice might have entered her old rooms—might have seen her husband there —-and carried away by the supreme ecstasy of the moment, and her joy at seeing him, might have permitted him to clasp her in his arms. A cold sweat sprang to Monk's visage. He pulled off his boots and put on a pair of cork-soled slippers, and then stole out again into the hall. He crept to the various doors opening into the ball from Lord Chetwynd's suite of private rooms. He was certain that Chetwynd was in the bed-chamber. The sound of gentle and regular breathing be came at last perceptible. Chetwynd was within—asleep. Bernice was not there. Yet he waited, watching, listening. How the minutes dragged! At last he heard, or fancied he heard, soft footfalls upon the carpet within—the rustle of a woman's silken dress. How his heart beat now 1 He bent closer still at the kev.nole. Ah ! now he heard the cry of Chetwynd as he started cp from his sleep—the name of Bc-mice ! She was there 1 Monk could have beat upon the door in his agony. He was sure that all was over now—that Bernice had broken her oath— that she had revealed her living presence to her husband. What remained for him but Ujigbt?—(Tobe Continued.) 