SUEZ MAIL EXT1UCTS. A sad romance faded away with the death of Thomas Murphy, an Irish Musician, in an Ameri- can hospital a few days ago. It is twenty-years since a sensation was caused in English society by the clandestine marriage of Lady Blanche Noel, the lovely daughter of the Earl ot Gainsborough, with a young organist, Thomas Murphy, whose only resources were good looks, musical talent, and a lively temperament. Murphy was the son of an Irish peasant, and the Earl would not forgive his daughter who had married beneath her rank. The young couple went to America, and tnere for many years thoy gained a scanty livelihood, he teaching muBic and she writing for magazines and papers. The name of Lady Blauche Murphy became a f amilar one in American current literature, and as her hus- band became an invalid she was for many years the chief bread-winner of their little home among the New Hampshire Hills. Both shrank from notice, and bore their hardships without complaint or appeal for assistance. At last Lady Blanche herself fell ill with a fatal disease, which finally caused her death eight years ago. Her devoted huBband struggled on, but at last disease and poverty did their work, and d°ath released the unfortunate. A monument has just been finished which is to be erected oji Helvellyn to the memory of Charles Gough, who, in the yew 1805, was killed while mountaineering, and of the faithful dog who for three months watched over his master's remains. Sir Walter Scott describes the event in the poem " I climb'd the dark brow of the mighty Helvellyn," and Wordsworth records it in his lines on ' Fidel- ity.' The cost of the monument has been borne by Miss Frances Power Cobbe and "the Rev. H. D. Rawnsley, vicar of Crosthwaite. A good 'Varsity story is told of the Bishop of Melbourne, who his just been presented with a pastoral staff. He rejoices in a striking combina- tion of names-Field Flowers Goe-and the story goes that, fail'ng to satisfy his examiners at a viv A voce examination, he was sarcastically told by <one of them that " The Field is ploughed, the Flowers are p'ueked, and you, sir, can Goe." A señes of ter ible murders are reported from Hungary. Tho other night a timber dea'er, named Bleie", living at Nagyhaza, a station on the Buda pest- Semlin Railway, found, on returning home, that his young wife, two children, and housemaid had been murdered. While standing awe-struck at the spectacle, he was himself attacked and killed by the assassins, who were in hiding in the house They then robbsd the bodies and the house and made their escape. The same day also at Erlaû, Herr Inhasz, a municipal cabhier of the town, and his housekeeper, were massacred in his house in broad daylight, and shares and valuables worth 100.000 florins were stolen. The perpetrators were gipp'es. Finally a Madame Svoboda, the wife of a contractor, at Gyulfalva, accompanied by two men, was on her way to a neighbouring place to engage workmen, when Bhe and the men were also mur- dered. It appeals that while walking through a wood they were joined by a young man who knew that Madame Svoboda had money about her, and when the party reached a narrow path the youth, who walked last, with two rapid blows of a hatchet he carried, brought dcwn the men in front, and then attacked and killed Madame Svoboda. I The American invasion of England continues apace (remarks the London correspondent of the Manchester Guardián), and in the next generation half the English peerage will boast American blood. The latest conquest is that of the Hon. Dudley Leigh, Lord Leigh's eldest son, who is engaged to Miss Beckwith, of New York, but now resident in England. Mr. Leigh is brother to Lady Jersey, and nephew maternally of the Duke of Westminster. Lord Leigh's house, Stoneleigh Abbey, near Leamington, is one of the show places of the Mid- lands, and the historic ruins of Kenilworth stand on the estate, which extends over some 20,000 acres. Lord Leigh's father was raised to the peerage in recognition of his services to the popular cause at the tims of the first Reform Bill. The family are steady and consistent Liberals in spite of their WhiggiBh associations, and the present Lord Leigh is one of the very few peers who follow Lord Gran ville's lead in the House of Lords. An important discovery of petroleum has just been made in County Down. The discovery was made by Henry M'Neilly, on his farm in the town land of Moneydaira, near Kilkeel. A sample was taken and forwarded to Professor Cameron, of Dublin, for analysis. M'Neilly's farm is on the estate of the Eail of Kilmorey. While several men were engaged in sinking a well shaft in tho cellar of Mr. H. Dobb, in the Haymarket, Birkenhead, the other day, they eame upon a thick vein of gravel, after passing through strata of sand, blue clay, and rock. A boy, in clearing away the rubbish, noticed that the gravel was full of bright, sparkling specks. The owner, on having his attention drawn to the fact, took some specimens to a jeweller, who sub- mitted the sample to tests and pronounced it gold. The gravel was mostly about the size of peas, and the large gold Bpecks wore ' adhering to the sides. It is thought that the vein would be worth working, but that the land around is heavily built upon, It is stated that the neighbourhood was at one time washed by an arm of the Mersey.' In the Novomber number of Good Words Mr Gladstone brings to a conclusion his papers on " The Impregnable Rock of Holy Scripture," and. takes another opportunity of breaking a lance with Prof. Huxley. In one of his articles the Professor had contrasted the " old-fashioned artillery of the Churches" with the " weapons of precision" used by I the forces of science Mr. Gladstone tests tha " precision" in reference totwopoints-the scientific criticism on the Creation story of Genesis, and Prof. Huxley's decisive fashion of dealing with tha so- called immorality of the destruction of tha Gadarene swine. In the latter instance the explanation of the destructive character of tha miracle is, in Mr. Gladstone's opinion, the fact that the possession of the swine was unlawful, an* therefore justly punishable by their loss. Tha general conclusion reached in the paper is that there ought to be a presumption in favour of that which has been received as true until solid cause has been found to doubt it j and that, therefore, it is doubt, and not belief, which Bhould be put upon its defence. The negotiations for a visit to this country of art American team of cricketers are now complete. The team will arrive here early in May, and matohca will be played up to September. Twenty-nina matches have been arranged in England alone, and it is just possible that the Americans will cross both the Tweed and the Irish Channel. Threa games will be played against teams representative of All England. Other games arranged are'with the Gentlemen of England, Players of England, North of England, South of England, Oxford Uni- versity, Cambridge University, Marylebone Club and Ground, Lyric Club, Hurst Park Club, the . United Service Club, and the counties of Kent, Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex, Lancashire, Gloucester: ; shire, Somerset, Derbyshire, Essex, and Cheshire* Dr. Grace, captain of the Gloucester men, Mr. Hornby, of the Lancashire team, and Mr. Walker. of Middlesex, have been in personal communication with Mr. Cowhurst, the representative of th« Americans, and have contributed much to the com« pletion of this programme. At one of the rehearsals of the Bristol Festival Choir, Sir Charles Hallé spoke in the highest terms of the choral singing at Melbourne and Sydney, and stated that, for fulness and power, as well as scrupulous observance of every shade of expression, their efforts w«re beyond all prais«. A public statement to the effect that the author of "John Inglesant" had "joined the Romishs Church," has provoked Mr. Shorthouse t« reply that he has not done, and has no intention of doing, anything of the kind. "This assertion (headds| is so preposterously untrue that it proves the writer to bo absolutely and entirely ignorant o£ myBelf, my life, my friends, and my books. Fob the last thirty-five years-over since I was of age I have been a member of the old-fashioned High Church Party in the Church of England, and ia this fellowship and communion I hope, by the grace) of God, to die." In a note on this subject, Mr. Richard Tangye, of Birmingham, says : " I knew Mr. Shorthouse very well thirty years ago. Ha was then a Quaker, the son of a Quaker, and his] two brothers, now residing in Birmingham, aro still members of the Society of FriendB. Wesleyan Methodism has just lost one of Ht foremost laymen in the sudden death of Mr. John: Napier, the " Father of Manchester Methodism." The deceased gentleman, who was in his nineiteth year, was extensively known and respected through« out Lancashire, and was head of the firm of Napier and Goodair, cotton spinners and manufacturers« No man during the past half century has dona more to piomote the interests of Wesleyan Method- ism in Manchester, and the distingujsed position ha so long filled in connection with his own church was proof of his commanding'influence. He tooh an active interest in the conferences of the body, and was a liberal supporter of the various connexional funds. For thirty years he was treasurer of the DidBbnry Ministerial! College, and for 20 years treasurer of the Wesleyan Ministers' Auxiliary Fund. He also took an active interest in varions religious and philanthropic movements outside his own church. He leaves two sons, one of whom, who was formerly a Wesleyan missionary in China, is now a curate in the Church of England. Matrimonial alliances _ of an extraordinary character between two families were solemnised a6 Dunmow the other day. Two brothers named Matthams, son of a deceased farmer at Aythorpa Roothing. married two sisters named Barnard, daughters of a Dunmow farmer, and a few hours afterwards the father of the brides, who was as widower, led to the altar the widowed mother oil the bridegrooms. Two young Frenchmen announce their intention to explore tho North Pole in a balloon. They pro- pose to take a series of photographic views of it, and conduct a Beries of meteorological and astro- nomical observations. The car is to be specially constructed so as'to protect the explorers from the) intense cold of the Arctic regions. They estimate) their expenses at 560,000fr" and expect to bo away six months. They will not be ready to start before. 1892. Acknowledging a vote of thanks for presiding nfc Mr. Gladstone's meeting in Edinburgh on Tuesday, and a warm and sympathetic reference to the illness of the Countess, Lord Rosebery said :-" Mr. Glad- stone has touched with bis usual happy tact on? causes which have made thiB day less enjoyable Vawa. I had hoped. But * man proposes and Gool d'vBposes;' and it has been our fate, instead of seeing our home the centre of friends we love and admire, to see it necessarily abandoned to silenca and to anxiety. I am happy to tell you, and I \mow that you will bo glad to hear, that there ia some slight improvement in ray wife's condition to-da?, and we hope that the days of our anxiety witt eo0n be over. I can assure you that there caB be no greater alleviation of her sore discomfort? and fever and pain, than the message that I cart bring ker from this meeting that she is still in tha hearts oí the people of Edinburgh." This welcoma news was received with loud cheers. Lady Rose- bery had a better night on Tuesday night, and tha temperature was lower. Wednesday evening's bulletin stated that Lady Rosebery had passad a somewhat better day, but that the general condition remained unchanged. A re arUable incident ia reported from St. Petera burg. Ife appears that Dr. Koucharsky.a yonnff professor o£ medicine, committed suicide in the presence of his class of students. He had jusfc ended a lecture on acids, when he poured soma drops from a phial into a glaBs. "Attention, young men !" he said, " in two minutes you will see a man die. Good-bye to you all !" He drank: the liquid, drew out his watch, and counted tha seconds until he fell to the ground a corps» Tha students were speechless and motionless; when they at last tried to apply antidotes it was too late. Professor Koucharsky was dead. According to an English traveller, American girls may be judged beBt as to their State-this ia not a joke-by their behaviour on receiving a kiss. *« The young ladies of Boston allow themselves to ha kissed without a struggle, and when the process ia over they remark, with a bitter smile, " I think: you ought to be ashamed of yourself." In similac case, the remark in Alabama is, *. I think it's mjf turn now," followed by a box on the ears. Ia Louisiana the young ladies take the kiss, blush, smile, and say nothing. , At an inquest held at Colchester the other day on Miss Emma Wigg, who died immediately after hec mother's funeral, it was stated that deceased whila in the cemetery exclaimed repeatedly, " Lord ! Iofi me die." She' showed great terror at the sight oß the Shillibeer hearse, and implored her friends to have it taken away, adding, " Let me lie on tha beautiful grass and die." On reaching homo sha shrieked, "O, Lord, I am dying," and was dead before medical aid could arrive. A doctor who waa called in stated that excitement induced syncope, and the j«ry returned a verdict accordingly. Westmorland folk are moro superstitious than the majority of Englishmen, with, perhaps, the ex- ception of the dwellers in Norfolk, amongst whom a belief in ghosts is general. At the ancient market town of Shap a fire broke out recently, and a horse was suffocated. Now, as we leam from the West- morland Gazette, the ancient and formerly wide spead superstition that a living horse will not carry a dead one still flourishes at Shap, and when in order to carry away the dead horse a horse and cart were procured, the living animal was carefully prevented from seeing the burden it wis going pó hear, and thus the removal was successfully accom« plished. ' 