Her Favorite Book. In answer to tbs question what book has given me most pleasure, I reply, without i hesitation, li Pilgrim's Progress." It was | <*hen I was about seven years of age that I j passed from " Cinderella " to Bunyan's | matchless work without suspecting that it | was not a child's book. And, possessed of [ the precious volume-new books were rare in ! thoee days-I climbed a toll" secretary " to I escape the younger children, who were too | small to scale the back of a chair and follow : me. We were a noisy set-nine in all-and I secured in comparative quiet on my high | perch, I dreamed dreamB and saw visions I such as no fairy tale ever nnveiled to me.; [ Types and shadows there were none. The actors of the drama were not creatures or Sotion; they ware positive snbstance, my familiars, end now are placed with my personal recollections. The narrow path, straight as a rule could make it, was plain to my eyes as the foot paths which streaked my father's orohard under the apple trees. I hung entranced | over every step in the marvellous journey, I and saw clearly, as I see this pen and paper, the very stattly pi'.rco, tho name of which | was Beautiful, and it stood by tho highway fide. How my jcubr burnt njoseiH when Lnmti\n found the lions umiHivi: It wero ojained . As he diorcid hia load into a sepulchre una Gave lino leaps for joy, my soul leaped too, only to sink atr^in when h3 fell into tho cluicbe3 of Crians Dor-o-ir, and was oeaten with tho grievous crah-treo cuasel in irto a^fsl courtyard waved with skulla of pilgrim-. How foolish of him to forget the key Promise, which wotiU open and lock in Doubling cas-tlo, n::<3 how I longed to twist my hands in the hr.it of that Flatterer Tv.-fch his net! Delicious to imagination were the good thing;} tho travellers had to oat by the way, The raisins and pomegranates, tha cordials! wins red as blood, nnd thoso wonderful grapes that go do??n so sweelly as to cause the lips 0f thorn that; sro asleep to sneak. Ihe feasts almost mads up for tho tights with scaly dragons and terrifia shanca com mg out of the burning pit, terrors that made hideous the road through Dark Valley and satisfied my juvenile love of tho mysteries and horrible. Sffeefc to childish fancy were tho rarities and fair shows of tha Interpreter's house; the Iptter oi the king which smelt after tho manner of the best perfumes; tho orchards ana vineyards of the Dolcotnblo mountains (then I had never seen a mountain), and the lovely shepherds at Beulah who strewed flowers before the feet of pilgrims bound for the city of their prince. Hero and there I had to spoil out hard words, many things were puzzling, bat the very wonderments added to the charm of tho story. What was a quagmire, what was a mnck-rake, what were etookp, fi civet-box; how would ono grasshopper burden a man, and what sort of shoes were thoy which never wear ont, and how could the Shining Ones drees in gold clothes ? I shivered at tbo passage through the ' oold, blaok river, forover flowing; the river that has no bridge, but, oh 1 the rapture in the triumph beyond 1 The ringing bells, tho melodious noises, tho Eingers, and harpers with their haipa; nbovo all, that One who eat on tbo great whits throne with tha rainbow round His head. Thoeo pages thrilled me Hka an outburst of triumphant music, tho exultant feilsng one has in cathedrals re sounding with some mighty amhem. It was winter time, and tho plcsssnter for deep snows without wcra thoughts of warm palsco rooms, tho delicate plain eaeo, the Bhady arbor, and the meadow curiously beautified with lilies, green ell tho year long. At euusct I looked through gis! cuing iower3 on frosty window panes, as many yc-ars aficr wardsl watchcd the domes niifispirco cf old Stamboul floating in silvery mict3 of tbo Bopphorus, and recalled the tremulous glimmer in the shepherd'^ perspective glaea. Oa the top of a high hill ca?led C.'car, they could not look steadily, ytt they thought they saw comething liko tho' gato. of the Celestial city, and aleo some of tho nlorg-of the place. Nothing was faint cr yaporcoj.. Near at band, not high.and distant, was the city of the king-an undimmed aplandor. When I went to 'bed that'night lovely shapep, walking, floafinp, fljing, went with ' me, and angel eyes witched over my sleep. The supreme delight of the book wes Great heart, my hero in tho bright armor and helmet with plumes; the giant killer, tho lover of women and children, who marched up to the lions, not minding if they were ohairied or not. The warrior-imago ha3 not ohanged in the waste of years, nor 0211 it change. Ho lives while relatives have died. I loved him then, I love hitn yet. Familiarity h*s not dulled tho charm ot the wondrous taie. and etiil dees tha mystio touch of memory sound tho ancient stringp. In a half century of pilgrimage I havo repeatedly met tho very brisk lad named Ignorance, who came from tho country of Ooncsit, have caught glimpseo, on several continents, of Madame Bubble eclling her vanities, a tall, comely dame, with something of a swarthy complexicD. And, in etrango; lands, white under tho friendly roof of our missionaries, I bethought me of the largo upper rooms where tbo pilgrims slept and Meroy dreamed her glorious dream; Ita window opened toward the Bun-ri3ing, the name of the chamber was Peace. Ffom l»unyan,tho change to " The Arabian % Nights " was ecey; thevee I turned to Shake speare, where I remain nnto this day. No sbrino outside of Palestine moved mo liko the poor little house whero he spent hia boyhood, unconscious that- he was to enrich the human raco with i!s greatest literary in heritance. As I writo the name there risys before mo the cool gray day we spent at Stratford. Tha w.»ters of Avon go softly past the nld town, which is spoeklcEsly clean and bowered ia vines and crcepere. On the Lucy estate, hard by, is tho Shakespeare stile, made in tbo ancicni fashion, eo tho upper bar drops and catches the feet of the poacher tresspas sing on tiie dee? p:rk. We registered our names in tbo bonk, alwajB open, where, every year, 12:000 are written, many by visitors from the dear land wo love to call our own. Two quaint women keep the place, and tell their etory with a freehness that oheers the tired traveller. Again I touch the ceiling of (he room were "the foremost man cf all this world " was born, and mark the low doorways, the orainped and crooked efaira leading to tbo loft in which he used to eleep among the rolls of wool. Not ono thought of the endless dedats carno near us that cay. Among the green haunts were many shadows, but tha cloudy spector named Bacon did not ap pear. Who wrote Oihello ? The most pathetic of human compositions. As well ask who made the woild. Next to Shakespeare stands Scott. "Ivan hoc" is a perfect romance, and tho last conversation of Rebecca with tho templar is worthy the preat master himself. Tho sylvan scenca, wish scoated woods and rush ing brooks, are reminders of the deep forest where Jacques mused, snd Rosalind laughed | ftfc lovo till he caught hor in his net. j It ill becomes ono v?ho has not rend j" Robert Elsmare" to criticise the modern I novel, or tell, even in this strict confidence, j how, in the general deluge of literature, the only rest is found with a few souls counted worth saving from the flood. Bead mean book3 and you think the whole world mean. Better to seek the demigods of Plutarch, or read tales of brave men near our tims, who were stiried by deep impulses to endure sacrifice for a noble end. Though there ia no opportunity for heroic deeds, wo can admire and revere 'the heroes who heard heavenly vciciii and thrilled with the sense of great thing?, visible and invisible, to be struggled for. So shall we, too, be uplifted. The brief space allotted me forbids more jthan a hint of afternoons filled with tha | music cf tha poets. Familiar are the melo !dies of "Peneercso" snd "Allegro," the words of tha " Ancient Mariner," of «. Mar- ' mien," the " Prisoner of Chillion," and the voice, "hollow like a ghost's," of Arthur-the ideal yet most real of English kings-" bles sing the queen with milk-white arms and golden hair, low lying at his feet." When the lamps are lighted then comes the hour for the household singer, the Cam bridge poet, most bsloved man of letters in our generation; who spends evenings with him keeps good company. " And iiiU3, from day to day, my lit tie boat Rocks in ita hsrbcv, lodging peaccafcly. Blossings be r.ith them, and eternal praise, Who gave us nobler loves and noDler aares, Tho poets, who on earth have made ua heirs Of truth and puro delight by heavenly lays I" 665 