Zlje jpoultw |3)arb. j Food For Youiif/ Turkeys Young turkeys come into the world -with very queer ideas of life-. They appear to think eating a most unneseisnry perform ance. For the lirst t.venty-four hours c! their existence it is not woith while to oiYcr them anything; they only psze fit it in a weak sort ot way and "settle them selves down lor another nap. This is because their By stem a do not really require food for several days, Nature having provided theirs nutriment from the yolk o£ the egg. This reserve seems to be exhausted sfier about forty-eight hours, and ihea more feed ol the same kind should be cii";rc-d them. Many poultry keepers consider hard-bc^ed eggs the best food for young turkeys: but for a number of years 1 have found the following recipe so successful that I should be afraid to try any other: " Into a shallow pan placed over the fire pour one pint of sweet milk, and into this drop two epgg, well beaten, and etir the mixture until it boils and assumes the consistency of Jelly." This quantity is sufficient for a flack of fifty jpnng turkeys, and may be prepared in ten minuter. It should be mads fresh every day, and in- warm weather kept in a cool place to prevent its besoming sour before evening. After the fifst few daye, and the young turkeys havo learned to love the custard, it should be seasoned with a pinch o? black pepper, which acts as a tonic and helps to keep them cool in warm weather. When they are ten days or two weeks old, the custard, after it is thoroughly cooked, may be thickened with the crumb of soft egg-bread, and after the turkeys are a month old I put a pan of fresh milk on the stove, and waen it cornea to a boil I break ths egg-bread into it and let it cook until i£ is thick. ISven the old hena never forget the delici ous flavor of the custard, and if permittee, will gobble it down so quickly thai she little ones do not get a taste. In oratr to pri-vant this I keep the little turkeys eo gentle thai they will ran to the pan and e^t from it, while I give their mother a liberal allowance of some sort of grain cr tabic scraps. Young turkeys arc so tender and easily crushed, that I have found it the safest plan to keep them from the nest vrhen two or three days old, and keep them in a box wrapped in scis flannel until they are savers! day a old and have learned to cat freely, when they may be put back with their mother, who by this time has finished hatching, and has been put out on the grass in a large coon. If the weather is suitable, the hen with her brood may be turned out for a Ghost iun when the- younir ones are about four days old. They should be showed to stay out only a few hours the first day. lot they are very weak and quickly fstigued, and "it is necessary to watch ihc-m carefully lest the mother hen lead them into danger. I heve seen young turkeys confined to a email pen for weeks until every sprig of grtss was destroyed,'* and the floor of Jha pen was nearly half an inch detp in black nmc, sliil their owner wondered why they did not thrive. Perfect cleanliness and fresh air are indis pensable to a turkey's existence, end the Booner every poultry keeper Seems this and acts accordingly, the more successful he will be. For this reason the coops should be •well ventilated and built without floor?, eo they can be moved every day io a clcan ppot on the grass. After the turkeys are ten days old they may be turned out every morning after the dew has disappeared from the grass, and may remain out all day it the weather be warm and bright. If possible, however, their range should be restricted tc a grass lot near the houee. so that they may be driven under shelter upon the approach of a shower, When very young they should be fed four or five times a day, but if they liva on a farm where they can extend their ;a;jj?e as ;ht-v grow older, the number of tint's may be gradually lessened, until when they ate several month old they require only one meal a day, which should be given them a*, even ing, principally as an inducement to bring them home to roost. Inuring summer they can subsist entirely upan the insects which abound in the clovfr fluids and meadows, together with the grass they eat, fcr turkeys are graziers to a considerable extent. They are very thirsty fo^ls. and of late years I have been givirg my fowls milk to drink instead of water. Sb'n?rjed tweet milk, buttermilk and clabber all contain a great deal of nourishment, and when the drinking vessels are kept clean, ar;d fresh milk poured in every morning, I have never had any bad results from a most liberal allowance. - One must be careful, however, not to leave a pan of milk within rc-aeh of very young turkeys; they are ne?er tired of playing in it, and after they get themselves thoroughly wet they will lie down in it and die. I found one apparently breathing his last, stretched out in a pan oi milk or.ly half an inch deep. I took him to t he house and gave him a warm bath both to re;u?cit«ie him and to wash the milk oil and wrapping him in apiece oi flannel, put him in a warm place under the etove: where I found him a few hours later, running about as lively aa a erieket. Many poultry keepers declare that it if im possible to raise turkeys without g'vn;g them a quantity cf blsck rrPF'rr- cV.opped onions and a variety of otht-Ahinns perhaps these things nre nec'-?«rv in n s ud to yarded poultry; hut when iurkr?-g c:.n have the range of the farm, they enn inrzuis for themselves a sufficient verivty t'f f;-od, svd X have proved by yea^s d r.ce that the above regimen h nil thr-.t :.■= aVc lutely necessary. In the Fiimm* r 7i:r;;= grow faster and are much more h::;Uhv, when compelled to depend upon ir,rr-c s, their natural food, for their principal sub sistence. When cared for in this way young turkeys are not likely to contract any cf the diseases which poultry books talk so jnu.-:h about; they are far too busy caichh^ b'l^s and grasshoppers. Neither do they be come Ogly and ragged looking while chan-ins their soft down for the handsome plumage oi the mature bird. 