A GHOSTLY. EXHEKIE3JOK. , Tho ,folio whog oxpenonco occurred in our own tim/3 to a jit!itlorus.il, well-kinnvnin the scientific: world. of Pavis, whom we have ourselves met in society; ami whoso .veracity. iB ummpc.yehublj>—tho* late 31. X--?yf oho of tho editors of tho .Inhales feiaitijit/ut's,' a. ■ maji then in tho primo of life,., constantly en gaged in wdentitio research, and most un likely, from his pursuits jiiftl frame .of *iriud, to give way to undue. credulity or frouks of imagination. Tho story—-which Jie wacoot willing to relate—wan, however, told by himself to a mutual fricml, through whom it. bceanio known to tho pro sent writer. 3L B-y stated that ho had another friend who from, boyhood had boon dewr to'; him ns a brother, who went to Algeria, us a; colonist, in. tho more inland part of tho: country. 3f. B—y hud boon forsomo time! without news of him, hut felt no anxiety, and was not particularly thinking of him; when one night, while sitting writing in his private1 room, to his joyful surprise, ho saw the t traveller conic in, wearing a strange dress,', which was unfamiliar him. Ho started up : and hastened to meet tho visitor, heartily ex tending lii.s hands, when to his astonishment ho drew back saying— * * Do not touch 1110. lam dead, ”. {* *’ No mo toucher, pas—-jo stiis adding that he had; oomo to ask him to prepare hirmother for the. nows that the shock might' not, bo too sudden. •• V o • . , Tho wholo •; stoiy was ■ yo unlike - the con ventional “ ghost”, that 3f: B-y, accord ing to his own statement, felt no moro fear than if ho had soon his friend under the most ordinary circumstances. Tho apparition then took its placo in an arm-chair, opposite to tho due occupied by 3E. 33-y, and tho two conversed freely as in former times; tho due still belonging to this world receiving tho assurance of tho other that ho was “very happy” (Iris /uartiu’Jf but that ho was not permitted to sav more. The strange visitor then told him that ho would conic again two days later, at tho samo hour, and dis appeared. . When he found himself alono, ilie awe mid terror which hud boon absent from tho inter view/.’ame in full force, and overpowered 31. B--y, who tried to brace his nerves by seeking every kind of natural explanation of tho wonderful sight ho had witnessed. Hallucination.—a passing fit of delirium—a delusive dream, everything teemed moro satisfactory tlrnt the reality. Finally, ho determined not to cause iiwbflps needless affliction‘to his friend's i.iOthor, find conse quently refrained from writing to her fib P(i had,been requested to do. t-hq timv f9l* ill* apparition to return, lie. prepared a largo _ fii,fl|VjpJ4wA;au arm-chair in readiness for his visitor # ^hen distributed lights in the room, so as to give it festive brilliancy. 'At tho exact hour, hi3 friend again stood before him—hut/grave and sad; fmildly, but earnestly, reproaching him for not having written to Ins mother, and entreating him to do so without loss of time, for she would hear tho sad nows too suddenly from other sjurees. 31. B;--y promised ,to atone for tho omission, and again the friends conversed, B-y remaining perfectly calm and without fear. Tho visitor then bade him farewell, saying that he should ho seen no more on this earth ; and as 3E B——y gazed,- ho saw him gradually disappear. . Again he was seized with intense awt; a:ul terror; but. this time ho did not .hesitate to write to his friend's mother, saying that circumstances which hud coino to his knowledge* led him to entertain serious lears as to the safety of her son. Seureely hud tho poor mother received tho first iutimation of danger, when the ofHeiul communication reached her, announc ing tho sad event as having taken placo on the very day when 31. B-y had first seen liis mysterious visitor, and enclosing a photo graph, representing his friend in the strange dress which had surprised him, and which lie found was the one adopted by colonists in 1 that distant part of Algv.hi. • 