Story Column. A Born Coquette. Bx MRS. HUNGERFORD. Amthor of "Molly Bawn," "Phyllis," "Lady Branksuere," " Tho Duchcas," Ac., &o.; '" QUEENSLAND EIGHTS BESXXVED. CHAPTER XXXIX. "Well, yes, of course it must be so, No argument can Bhake it : If ono will offer up a heart, The other neod but take it. . " Good gracions ! Can I not even have one honr here to myself?" says Nan petulantly, hardly beneath her breath as her husband enters the room. There is something of nervousness in. his manner as he advances towards Penelope, hat no hesitation. 'Well, Penelope," says he, smiting and taking the hand she has extended to him. He holdB it for a moment, and then stooping kisses her. Somehow at this, and at an expression in his faee that puzzles bnt grieves her, the tears rise to Penelope's eyes. Instinotively aad almost without her knowledge her fingers tighten npon his. A monster, with that gentle mile ! Oh, no 1 " I am glad to see yon," says she shyly, awkwardly, confusedly, yet his look of grati tude is unmistakable. He tarns to Gladys after this, and kisses her too, to that damsel's considerable astonishment. She had b3en pre pared to meet him with soorn, and lo and be hold, the soorn has ended in an embrace. " What aoomptioation !" said she later on to Penelope. " To bate a man properly one can't possibly let oneBelf kiss him. And now—" She was bom with a knowledge of human nature. "Nan's looking well, isn't BheP" says Hume with a half glance at his wife who refosoa to meet it. " Ob, so well," cays Gladys cordially, who is not so unnerved ns Penelope. "They have given me a slight onttine of what they expected," says Nan, with a ohill smile sent in her hnsband's direction, though hardly at him. " A ghost the children told me they were prepared to see. Hardly compli mentary to you, was it f" " Oh, Nan," says Penelope, in a reproachful undertone. "Well, yon know, we thought she would probably have grown thinnor ; travelling about is always so wearing, especially to a person unaccustomed to it," says Gladys, with an aplomb that positively startles Penelope. " Any how, we were wrong. It is yon who have grown thin, not Nan." " A compliment," says he, smiting. " I shall go travelling every year, if that is to be the resnlt. I was becoming too stoat " "A pity you can't marrv afresh every year," says Nan, with a ornel little langh. " If by so doing yon conld let the brides go free, what a chance it would bo for them. Penny, where is Murphy p I want to see him too. Oh, how I wish the boys had not been sent up for their exams, this one special day." "It oouldn't bo helped," says .Penelope. "William has only gone to Skibbersen, and will be back to-morrow, but Battle is in Dublin." 44 So iB Boyis. He ia stationed there," says GladyB thoughtlessly. A vivid orimson rashes to Nan's cheek. Home, after a second's knowledge of it, turns his attention once more to Penelopo. " How is yonr father P" asks he politely. " Quite well, thank you. By and by, Nan, yon will come up to see him?" " Is — iahe in a good temper with me P" asks Nan, blanohing a tittle. Her marriage, her freedom through it, all is forgotten; ones again the old terror of the unfriendly father xaiges supremo. "The best," says Gladys laughing. "He hBsgot rid of yoa; could he desire more?" After a deoent hesitation, they ail langh with her. " I thought, perhaps, yon wonld oomo home now"' says Hume, looking at hia wife ; " you say yon dislike going abont alone, so—" " Oh, no. I'm not going back to the oa9tle in such a hurry," says Nan, openly refusing to acknowledge the word " home." " I shall stay here for ever so long. Why, I have only jnst recovered them, as it were. I shan't go book to Hume until I must." There ia nothing actually rude either in her words or tone, bnt there is deoidedly something unpleasant abont them. " One oan understand that," says Hume with perfect breeding. "Why sever yourself' from your Bisters at all ? I daresay you might induce them to oome back to dinner with you." . "Oh, thanks— not to- night, I think," says Penelope nervonsly. " But indeed yon must. It lathe very thing," cries Nan eagerly,. "Not a word against it. Ton shall both oome and help ma to get throngh this terribly long evening." This delightful speeoh so (books Penelope that she thinks a little, and glanoes involun tarily at Hnme. If she had expeotedto see him either ohagrined or angered she finds her self mistaken. His faoe is absolutely im passive. "You Bee, you muBt oomo," says heoalmly. " We have your promise ? Thanks. It will be suoh a pleaBnre to us both. Until then- good-bye.' As he shakes hands with the ehildren— who have been gazing at him furtively— he stoops suddenly,' as if eome thought strikes him, and taking up Honjy in his arms kisses htm. The hoy's bonny handsome face may have compelled him to this oaress, or some other hidden long ing. However it is, he curies the ehild with him, and only lets him go as he reaches the hall door. "Now we oan talk oomfortably," says Mrs. Hume, sitting down by the fireside and pulling Nolly on to her le.p. It is horrible, it is treaoherous, but both -Gladys and Penelope feel that they oannot respond to her remark with a warmth that has any honesty in it. Are they already going over to the enemy? Has a plausible word or two, a somewhat worn face, a brotherly kiss, sufficed to tarn them from their allegiance P And yet, is it possible to regard the man who has jnet gone ont as an enemy ? Surely, surely there must be a mistake somewhere. "Now for a good gossip," says Nan gaily. "Where's Freddy? Here, or persecuting the innocent at the Irish bar ? " " He's in Dublin," sayB Gladys, after a per ceptible pause. Penelope, who has been trifling with one of the children's new toys, drops it rather awkwardly. " Anything wrong abont him ? " asks Nan after a glance at Penelope's faee. "N — o. Bnt he hasn't been quite friendly here lately," says Gladys, abruptly, and as it saying something that has to be got over. " Pen — we — thought his manner rathor strange jnst before he left ; and jnst fanoy — he aotnaUy went nway without onm-ng to say good-bye to ns." \- "Bat wby P What happened! Penelope, you know," sayB Nan. " I don't, indeed. Wby on earth should I know mere than Gladys?" says Penelope with s little laugh. Bhohaa quite reoovered any elf-possession she may have lost. " People ore always fanoying things ; or ho may have been told some absurd, lie abont ns, and ohose to be lieve it." "Not in the least tike him," says Nan." " No. there must be something oUe." "Well, if there is, timo I daresay will reveal it ; meanwhile, let- us discuss a gayer subject." " He need to be Bach a ohum of yours," says Nan, refleotively, regarding her with searohing eyes. " Dear me, what an old friend he seems. Why, we have known him for more years than I can oount." " So many that ho has had time to weigh us and find ns wanting," says Penelopo careles-ly. " Plenty of time to get tirod of us. . I hoar ho is doing very well at the bar. Jolla was ia town fast week, and says be is being vory IiigUy spoken of." " Sbe< says he is considered one of the most eloquent men in the profession. Just think of Freddy as an orator. He never struck me as te'ng silver-tongued." "Ho never strnok me es being thoroughly worthless," says Nonooldly. "To give yon ' all up like that. Oh, I doh't believe it. There must be something ; Freddy was at good as a .brother in this house." "He's been very Wind to Bartle-in many , ways sinoe be want up to Dublin," says Pene lope in alp w tone. . " Well, if Pen has lost one friend she has gained another," says Gladys, breaking into an : irroprersible laugh. "Whon Boyle heard of yonr marriage, bo went out of his mind first, and then determined to try oonolnsinns with Pen. He has hannted hor ovor sinoo, and wonld be even now sitting in her pookot but that a kindly interposition of Providence Bent bim book to his regiment. He's in Dublin,, too." "Yes, you told me. It seoms to me that everybody is there," says Nan, laughing. "Well,. Pen, I always thought it would be suiolde. It ia a roliof to find it is only you." " He's not her only suitor, however," goes on GladyB, oaokting gaily. "She's got an other. A regular sweetheart this time." "No? Another! Really, yoa know, Fenny, this is more than one has bargained for. Well?" "Guess." "Jack Leslie. As sbe has already impounded one of mv 4 followers, why not two ?" " Pont 1 Jaok Leslie indeed 1 A real live lord rather. Oa9helmoro if yon please 1 Nothing less than an earl would content her. Hero he cornea, day after day, to—." " Don't mind her, Nan 1 If he cornea to see anyone it is herself. It wonld make yon ory to see bim watching the door nntil she enters. Anything more soandalously rude than bis treatment of me oonld hardly bs imagined. 4 Yes, MiBB Delaney ? Ah — er — No 1 1 mean ; I beg pardon ; what were you saying ?' Then in comes Gladys, and my pale student brightens into life." " Brightens ! Brightens 1 What a word to use," cries Gladys. "Ridiculous fellow! It wonld take a ton of Aspinall's beet varnish to make bim shine in society. Yon should see bim. Look, hero be oomes in, and there he seats himself, just like this," suiting the aotion to the word, " staring into his hat as if he wanted to fix on bis mind the name of the maker. And (not a word ont of bim all the time. I believe he is compiling notes for some stupendous work on St. Patrick's Grand Annt all the time be is here." " He'd hardly choose the nest of a magpie in which to Bit and think," says Nan, laughing. "Well, hero he comes, nevertheless," says Penelope. " Motive, or motives, unknown. We have tried saying 'not at home' to him, bnt it is of no use. He tells Murphy he will sit in the garden until we return, and it doesn't make ono feel well to have to descend from one's bedroom in half-an-hoar trying to look as if one had just returned from Paris. I believe Murphy favours him and gives him a bint to remain. He's a terrible young man, certainly, and of no value at all. There he sits in that particular ohair," painting to it, " and beyond wearing it ont I don't seo what else he does." " He will never wear ont hia tongue, at all events," says Gladys, flippantly. "He needn't if you are to be his wife," Bays Nan. Then, as if struck by the absurdity of herwiirds, she bursts out laughing. "Fanoy Gladys a wife 1" says she. "Well, why not?" demanded that lovely damsel Baneily, " I'd make as good a one as yon, any day." Scarcely has she said it than consternation seizes hor. Nan reddens, oolouriug slowly, painfully, and Penelope looks unutterable rc- proaoh at the onlprit. " It is different," says Nan at last, rubbing her forehead softly against Nolly's flatly looks. " I didn't want to be a wife." "Neither do I," cries Gladys. " There! wa are in tho same box." "And yet OaBhelmore wonld be a good matoh," says Nan. "What! for a baby like that?" says Pene lope, pointing the finger of soorn at Gladys. " There is no snob thing as a baby of 16, nowadays," Bays Nan. " Well, I tike to hear yon," cries Gladys, in dignantly. "All at onoe, then, I am to ba Buddenly -grown np. Yesterday I was a ohild, to-day — beoanee a lord (as yon vainly imagine) oomes a-courting — I am to bo a woman grown, fall twenty-one. It won't do, however. Rather than marry him, with a little grimace, "I'll stay a child for ever. Oh, Fenny, think of it 1 That great, tall, solemn oreature, whose sole thought is of ' roots,' and ' origins,' and ' first onuses.' Oh, no, I thank yon." "It is too soon to say 4 No, thank yon," says Nan, tearingly. " Wait till he oaks yon." " It's all nonsense," says Penelope. " I don't believe be has a thought of her. He only comes here because be is so bored at home. In tbe spring he is going abroad, and then we shall be happily delivered from him. I often wonder why be does not try some other house as a place of esoape from the old Dowager, because here be gets only monosyllables ont of me, and from Gladys the Banciest 'floats. She mBkes game of him to his faoe, and hepoBitivoly seems to like it." " He doesn't see it perhaps," says Nan. " Yes he does. The more solemn he looks, the wilder grow her .sallies. He seems quite oontent to Bit and listen and stare at her." " ThoBO roots will do him no permanent in jury I expect," says Nan. Then with a touch of pride in her tone, and a lengthened gaze at Gladys ; " after all, she is well worth a stare." And in truth she is, with her laaghing eyes, red lips, and brown hair, warm with gold. "So you see I have turned the tables on yon," says Penelopo to Gladys. "I have proved him yonr sweetheart, not mine." "Von are a mendacious person," retorns 'Gladys, making her a little mone. " Sweetheart ! what a lovely old name that is," ssys Nan ; and then, as if overwhelmed by some sudden dismal thought, " Oh 1 and I am out of it oil," cries she. 41 1 can never have a sweetheart again. Jnst think of all the harm that man has done me." "Never mind, darting, there are other tilings," says Gladys, consolingly. " And— perhaps— in time, yo i may grow to like him," suggests Penelope, timidly. "Him! Never? I shall take very good oare I don't," deolares Mrs. Hnme indig nantly. " There, go away and pat on yonr things, and don't talk nonBense. Tho idea of my ever liking him !" Feeling rather snubbed, the girls go upstairs to drees themselves to go with her to tha oastle, whilst Nan pays a duty visit to her father. "Penelope!" says Gladys, solemnly, as she closes the door beliind her, " She— it is not at all what I expeoted." 41 No ! Is tt ?" in a still more tragio whisper. " I don't know whether it is worse or better ! Gladys, do you think he is qniteall — that— eh ? Oan she have made u mistake P He looks tike a person misunderstood." "Storms are dreadful things. He may have been obliged to clop-) with her against his will." " Yes. That ib what I have been thinking. I thought," Blowly, "it was so nioetheway he kissed us." 44 1 felt inolined to oty. I never saw anyone so ohangod — so sad." - 41 1 don't earn whether it is unkind towards Nan, or not," rays Penelope desperately. 44 I'm sorry for him — I am indeed." " And she looks so well, s3— so happy. _ In quite good spirits. And ho evidently lavishes pretty things on her." 44 Yet how she speaks of him, and looks at him!" " Thco is one thing, however," says Gladys, tbsnkfnlly, 44 She doesn't call him 4Mr. Hnme ' That- would have been so unpleasant. She doesn't coll bim anything." \- " Yes, she does ! " oorreots Penelope, monrn- fully " She calls him ' Beast !' " "01, yes. Did yon remark that?" says Gladys. 41 Well, oome on ; we most only hope matters will clear up." Down in the hall they find Nan awaiting them. " He had a toothache, ho oould not talk muoh. It was a great ohanoe for me," says she, alluding to her father. " He got oat the usual 'Toha — Toha,' and a fow words that sounded like women, idiots, husbands, after which I said I'd send him a oure for his old tooth, and fell preoipitatoly — right into the handB of Murphy. Isn't he looking well, dear old heart." "Who? Father?" 44 Oh ? get out," says Mrs. Hnme, who has fallen haw into tho homely colloquial style : ' Murphy, of course. I dcolaro I was so glad to see him that I threw _roy arms around Ms neok and fairly hngged him, muoh to his con sternation. He was painfully embarrassed." Gladys gives way to a little shriek of laughter. " Consider Murphy as ho fonnd himself en folded in the embraoo of Mrs. Hnme of Hnme. Wo are quite worn out from Murphy's pride in your marriage." j 41 That was the one sting in my joy at see ing him," says Nan, with a shrug. " It was —'ma'am ' — ' Mrs. Hnme,' at every other word. Detestable name ? Gome on, ooma on, we shall ha late." She moves briskly to the door, th» girls following. " Bless mo, what a smart brougham," says Gladys, when they are trotting gaily up tho avenue. "After all," examining with appro- oiation the onshions and lining, &o.;, " there's nothing tike oomfort. Do yon know," with a perfectly shameless materialism, considering the eeraphio qualities of her delicate faoe, " the being In love with a person isn't much whea you oome to think of it The thing is, to be in tho swim with tho best of thorn. To have nice things ronnd one— to he able to wear velvet in stead of velveteen !" "She'll marry Oashelmore yet," says Nan, with a glanoe of intense amusement. "Indeed, I shall not," Bays Gladys, vivaoionaly. " Not for all the volvet in the world 1" at whioh her Bisters langh. "Yon have a thousand minds," says Pene lope; "yon can ohange them at any moment. Happy you." Does a faint, faint Bigh esoape her ? " Nan, I don't think Mr. Hume had this small brougham when— before— when last be was here." "No," crolesalv. "I hate being entombed, and tbat landau ia a sort of moving vault. I told bim so, and be got me this in London." "He is very good-natnred," said GladyB, rather forcibly. "Yes; I daresay," indifferently. 44 That reminds me be has bonght yon both tbe very swoetest necklets We saw them at Flnrenoe, and he at onoe said they looked like yon, Penny. Do yon know, the moment he said it I thought so too? Yon are so fair, and that light, thin gold, with its innumerable chains, is bo beoom- mg to a really white neok; thongh I hardly think they are so pretty as the pearls he got yon in Paris. He got me some too ; I tike them bettor than anything I have, they go so well with the white Indian silk he made me bny in London." "It seems to me he has given yon every thing. Can't yon give him something?" says Gladys, impulsively. 90 BE OONTINUED OB MONDAY. j 