t - i ii ZZ'ZjJl. t%. t y - V£/ & r - - % " 4£ 1 f 1 - . .. - '- XV - v r. , - ». £— ' " ift y»> »« » »-.w» .-.«»- 2 .. ' i ." "/- frrYgeance," etc. '"./ , /'A r -i . - . r " - ' » v/yj-1 \r< \- - -.-l' ' . CHAPTER' I.— THE VOYAGE feom TUB . . : 'jt&H-mtiqmS; .. . - She was pretty/ -jooagaiaaTjpreSy r so yeun/fhYtteeeified be; timumg albiie. If "f;. . n ; : We=Weie iretraliie from Cape Gofoay'to Old- glandi Mid' vbur three-; weeks' Lvdyage 'was' \- nearly half over beforeleueeeeded in making the anainuce.f Jny PJ»!Ny|rlW-pas- ' feengier." " - - ' , It is of lief I Wish to speak ; ft is hfertale I waiit to tell / but I may be allowed to introduce \- my&lf; as J ohn, umifllly Iteown&s;'JackBarrbner, ' aged 33, of ' ffo'rafCEaiofi, and possessed of a - r moderate income.' ; ' 7 1 f : I baa said shb was pretty ; perhaps, beautiful , is hardly toOetpngftiWtjrdr SuChY'dainty head, crowue&tbRSipf; wavy, light- ferojyn. hair, such" wondrous grey eyes, jsiiph perfect curves of cheek and ohin and figure. Can you .wonder that I longed to' make her acduaintapoe and felt piqued at her obvious in- diffebeficeon the subject? -"- \- My heart, my batteredbachelor heart, began to be affected. I was sliding into love— with a girl whose very name l did not know. One gloriousafteraoon jrfe were both on deck. She was lying back in a capacious chair, devour ing a " yellow backj'andT was. leaning over \- the side cudgelling ipV brain for an excuse to break the ice. -? ' . , If only something wonld happen to create a diversion I might manage it. -But I could not walk up to her and volunteer an inane remark witnoufe. ghost of an excuse;' - - A. The diversion catue. , A vessel, ,or a shark, ' or something equally . obliging had been sighted, and there was a general stampede. "Mv fair unknown followed the mob and left her book face downward on the chair. Then I did a mean action. I hid the novel behind a coil of rope which lay conveniently near. She came back soon, and puckered her arched brows when she discovered her loss. 1 came forward with as nonchalant anair as I couhl assume. 4 Pardon inc. Have you tost any thing ? If so, perhaps I can be of use in helping to find it.' " You are very kind," she said, - in a sweet voice ; I have lost my book. I know I left it on the chair, ana now — — I managed to affect a surprise I certainly did not feci when the missing novel was finally un earthed from what she said was " such an un likely place," and then we glided into adis- ousaon about novels in general — the merits of different authors, and so on. That was the beginning of our acquaintance, and it ripened fast. I believe I was the only one on board who dreaded the end of the voyage. . I could hot bear to think that the long coming days, spent by Miss Thanet's side, would soon be over. That was her name — Audrey Thanefc. " It jis far too romantic," said its owner. 44 It" does not sound real, you know. I cannot think what made poor papa choose such a name?" Her eyes filled with rears as she mentioned nci lamei. lie Jay with her mother m a colonial grave, and Audrey was returning to England to find a home with her brother. She told me about him ofteu — she had told me every detail of her simple history, such firm frieuds had we become — and what I heard of him did not prepossess me. He had held, an important position in a lead ing Capetown mercantile house, and had been dismissed ignoniiiiiously. I rather suspected, from a hint Audrey dropped that his offence had really placed him within the reach of the law. He had been shipped to England and a berth found for him in -a City house. Here, too, he had beaten a liasty and enforced retreat. ' But now." wound up the sister, 41 he is doing very well. He wrote a little while before father died to say he was making a really good income. But he did not say how." " Ee did not say how." . To my worldly mind this looked suspicious. Remembering the discreditable past of this unknown' brother, and 'reflecting on his Tnysteribuh presfeht, I did hot relish the idea of handing Audrey over to his care. But as he lived in Loudon I should be able to continue iny friendship with the girl I had learned to love, and could protect her in case of - need. " Only.'" said Audrey, in a half -amused, half- annoyed tone, 44 I cannot even give vou my ad dress. I do not know it. There will be a letter awaiting mo at Southampton from Frank, and' he will tell me of course." At lastdhe; voyage was over. We landed at . Southampton. There was a letter for Audrey ; -wid. one. for> me. Mine -was a sad one — my mother was dangerously ill. I should have that night to travel to Disney, the little Cornish village where she lived. Fra ilk Thanet wrote to tell his sister he would neetthe 6. 12. train from Southampton. But he gave not the slightest hint of his place of abode. \- it's very strange," said Audrey, thought fully, "and is slightly inconvenient. But Frank.-' with a tiny sigh, "always had a strange way of doing things." " I only wish," I said, impulsively, " that I could travel- with you. But you see it is im possible." 44 Of course it is," she said promptly, " and quite unnecessary. Perhaps we shall meet again some day, Mr. Barroner. I'm sure I hope so. But in any case, I shall never forget how pleasant you made the last half of my lonely voyage." I put her into the train, and at the imminent " risk of losing my own, stayed by her side until the last. " " : I gave her .my card, with my London address on it. " Do write," I pleaded, " that I may call. 44 Certainly I will,'' ' she added, warmly, 44 I should like youto know Frank; Dear fellow ! He is so handsome, andhasbeenso Unfortunate. ' Good-bye, Mr; Barroner/' - Then the train steamed out of the station, and I looked my last at tbe' pale, pure face which had enchanted me; ; She 'waved'her hand ; gave abriht smileof Buewell an .thedAog line .. of carriages wentpne by oiie -into the blacliess \- aud -a. .stool; aloue pn the platform, gazing : blanyi ap?feone. A 4lonilff?foreboding came bver melhat weehonld fearfuFflihg of ahiibr ovirW .at the \ thbughlof Mprieto the ctjfy - tbj meeAhOTpoliff gjirird win A,a. ' young; ahdnot veiy reputable; brdther. 1 What kind of home Would he make fik her ? What would be heir surroundings ?; HaiOnld - we' ever ineet'<|g∈»|ptr wonlL vtndcMiihidiBher f»m ? me for ever ?_%' With tiitee gloomy questions I wastiirtur As l went oh my journey. ! " c Si months parsed Ho wl;y alyfty and I heard t 5er» . a anytiung m$re jhan I;, had done dluii ti sweeteamiy tdays of our voyage trom the Cape. ,Y»t I doubted if we should ever- meet, again. I had nothing -taugiblp to : was like his siHer ' ,o, I took to haunting the fbSisy city je$jr fhe"nmii wheh itwaajdisgorg- ijlrig itecl|rlS .jteUie, fiuudred. But'jiotone of ! the dappOT,l£tfedyojtihs lK)ie;%he imdtest' rreseUfbanbeEtC? Aiidrey. _gititiyl filipped: cbaek td iny indolent club tife. r- Yet 'Auarey, . |lhod lolt/Wes nver forgotten. srietX < L jg ft.'"?8 'happen Tnli mke them m the order m "n', "1;. > ; il vfeit piumber One tbok J in a'lray carriage in: which I' w&ftfov;&lin;& to1" oc- I was smokingrand reading, sftid wishing my self at my- jotuAey'a ead, when w susmcious ; movement of-the alance of the cuihibned seat opposite me attracted tfty attention. ! It was flutterhig to and fro, not as it .would "do if aitated byvviiid," but as if a hand were ; j moving behind it. " by the ai)pearan"T6-nIieatf--a cfose-eropped head— betengingtp a youbg man ; so far as I coufd see, a hairdsome young maft; Hope! didn't startle you, ' ' , he said politely, with1 "a rsanpfrbid which under th e circum stances was surprising. He dragged himself frbtfi \fladbr Ihdetitrhtga W mfe'Tfeel; and s'ratched his arms luxuriously above bis head. u Confoundedly cramped position : I couldn't stand it any longer. Daresay you wonder how I got: there." 1 £ ' No ; tlie mere act of getting tb ere would' be easy. I'should like to kuow your reason .for such an nnususdacti? . - ; - -j'jf 1 ; He h»sitated ;for 'a moment; .and bis eyes wahd£fed .to til© rack above my head— tiie rack- \- on which was. ,my " Gladstone1,"' marked with my name in full; The 'sight of thm common place article of luggage seemed to inspire, him. 'nPn.bxpbiin witii pleasure," he said, smiling impudently, Juid roffiftg a cigarette as he spoke; " As.a iSatter 'of fab, I am flymg- from justice." . "Indeed;" returned I ironically, " then as I am a stickler for tbe rnaintenance OFthB law,' ! it will be my unpleasant duty to hand you brer to its tender" mercies at the next statical. ' ' I " My dear fellow, yon will do nothing of thekindr Ytra oooWbniM«'X"'" """ j " You will find I can,' I retorted hotly. Allow me to remind you that in a scuffle I ! should certainly have the best of it." « " Ho doubt;: your muscles -are magnificen Yetyou will notexercise them on me. Hang it," he went on with a low " laugh. " I feels o safe with you that I have a mind, to tell you the whole story. At least I will enlighten you as to my identity.- I am Frank Thanet. You may remember my pretty sister. She has told me about you." He had succeeded at last in startling . me out of my apathy. Good heavens ! This impu dent stowaway, this confessed criminal, was Frank Thanet, the 6ole guardian of the girl I. loved. TVhat had been her fate in such hands ? " I surprise you. But you will not give me up now, I fancy. Think of the disgrace to Audrey. " " If I fail to do my duty, it will be solely for her sake," I rejoined sternly, " and only on condition that you tell me where she is;" He scribbled an address on a sheet torn from his pocket-book, and handed it to ine. lo uoswortny uardene, bt. j oun's woocu " There you are," he said lightly. "And now, ta-ta. We shall meet agate under more . auspicious circumstances, I hope. Accept my . thanks for your valuable assistance, and when you see her, give mf love to Audrey." We were at B — : — -. He jumped from the train, walked jauntily across the platform' and I saw him no more. I tootthe next train back to London and drove to Gosworthy Gardens. There were only sixteen houses in the whole row. and not a single tenant from 1 to 16 knew anything of a Miss Thanet. So I was foiled. Had I met my impudent fellow-passenger agate, ins chance of merey at my hand would have been slight indeed. Another month went by, then event number two occurred. This was nothing less than a- meeting with Audrey. She was walking down Piccadilly, accom panied by a fair and rather dissipated-lookng man. It wrong my heart to see how she had altered. Her pretty oval face was thin and colourless ; her eyes, those deep grey eyes, whose shy glance I remembered so well, hadlost their sparkle. I stepped hastily forward, but before I reached her she saw me, aud, first glancing in % frightened way at her companion, signed to me not to notice her. Her distress was obvious, her desire so evident that, by a great effort, I drew hack. It was hard, alter waiting so long, not to be able to. speak to her, but I did "the" next best thing— I followed at a safe distance. Yet here again my persistent ill-luck attended me. A crowded earner, a dangerous crossing, and I had lost sight of Audrey. I was no. nearer a solution of her fate than on the. night when I stood on the platform at Southampton and watched the train carry her away. Event three was a letter. A wretched scrawlr written in red pencil on the margin torn from a newspaper. Yet the untidy little note was dearer to me than the daintiest of scented billet- doux would have been — for it was Audrey's. " I am in great distress," she wrote, " and you are the only person I know who may help me Meet me this evening at seven o'clock outside, Homertou Station." Seven, itay half -past six, saw me anxiously pacing backwards aud forwards outside the station of' the: dingy ' East-end suburb. How madly .my heart throbbed wlienl saw my love approaching ! ' How tenderly I held her' little Land and looked into her beautiful , face— the face which had grown so sadly drawn aiid care-, worn! CHAPTER IIL— U jst baybeling the Skein. £< And this is where you live ?" I asked in a disgusted tone as I looked round the shabby back: paflonr of the house to which she had .brought me/ The hideous green rep curtateB of the dn-ty window, the stained table cover and rickety chairfi, the coarse drugget which lay/ on the floor — what a setting lor beauty! » Indignant thoughts rose in my heart, tender words to my lipB/ I: checketL - X remembewd'in .time titot, dear as Bhe.wastto me, we wre almost stmgOrs/ we had not even got beyond the " Mies Tha.net' ' "and," Mx..BM©ner'? stqge. : Ahdtthi is the home your brother has pre- .pw:efor.on!f' . r ; . , f Yes," sh| said, with .a wu. little smile and a touchuf her -old-saucy 'clirm, " Perhaps I place ! I could put - up with itne longer, The poverty one might on- , dare, but the mystery, . jrne crime which hang around titie hpusa ate unbearable." Her voice sank to alowtoneof horrorasehecon- cldded/ AShelbqkedrorted the fobm as if with a fortivejdreaan that e ven the trails might have ears;. & <i--r " Do trust in me," I pleaded. li I will do, I am anxious to do, -the very best in 'my power for you." "I Jqipw yoa;are,,, she said, gratefully; 'that is. why I .wrote; It, whs. wrong, un- <£ He will be backiji hhif ah hour," she said, glancijig at- the clock. " We must arrange f something, and youmusl be out of the house befofetiieh,"- - : t- t- - _. " Do yQlnuQanYour.brotberr"; ' -v Kb. His -friend, Mr. Padman — the man you. saw die with fit Piccadilly ! I do not kuow howithey get their money, or #hy they force me to. live _so strangely in this miserable , h'ouBej". she ?. contmued jn. Jiurried feverish tones/ ' ' The Whole upper paft is kept lockea, \- asid- I am vntually a prisoner in these two roomB. I uevr go out alone I may not even Walk in the gaijlen j-iieither must I open the' " Do they leave the house at regulstr hours ?" I asked. ' - vs;.; : . _ -- ;'AKp. Sometimes they are away fdr dajs ; tat'otfier tiniea' tbey wilt'Ioek themselves up for filmost- £ "All this is very mysterious," Isaid. " You- must not. stay hereqthnigM. Your' brother lias treated ybu shamefully . 1 fear he is involved in some serious.scfape. Iwill find you a;more suitable home/? 1 . . "You!" she asked, timidly drawing hei hand from mine and flushing scarlet. " I, my darling, oh Audrey, can you not see how 1 love you, have loved you since- !' i . " Hush," she whisjiered 'ia horrr, and heard a latch key turned to the street door, " it is Frankor Mr. " Padma n. They will murder you, I know. Oh, where can you hide ?" . " I am not going to hide. Quite the centrary, I mean to have it out with -your brother or hjs friend." // " Do yon, indeed r" I turned rouUd, aud saw. the fair aissipated-lookteg man — Frank Thane t' b accomplice. " t( It seems to me, "/.He .said eneeringly, /4 that yon will regret sneaking here . .to Miss Thanet when her, bromer is out of the way. And she will regret it too/' He-shot a malevolent glauce from his bloodshot grey eyes in Audrey's direction, i i£ And you don't leave this house until you | swear never to enter it again, and not to go blabbing about "any lies she may have told you.". " I'll never make the first promise," I said, hotly,, "because I intend to take Miss Thanet I out of the house this night— never to return. As to the second, so far from promising, I assure you that I mean to find out what illegal j business you aud Frank Thanet have been carrying on." " I don't know what you are,'' he said -angrily; " a detective," or something worse pro bably,. You followed us down Piccadilly the other day. But whether you had your eye on me or the gal I eannot say. " . The contemptuous tone and gesture with which he alluded to Audrey fired me. "When ycu speak of 'that lady," I said, haughtily, "'be pleased to do so" to a more respectful way/' "Come, that's good," he returned, with a _ coarse laugh. i ' A girl who brings her lover into the house during her brother's absence is deserving of reqpect, not to say reverence, atthe hands of any man. A girl whose character " I sprang forward an 1 dealt him a stinging blow across the free with my open palm. Uttering a cry of mingled rage and pain he threw himself upon me, and a fierce struggle ensued. In strength we were fairly matched, and I doubt who would eventually have been the victor had not accident decided in my assailant's favour. In "the scrimmage I un luckily caught my foot in the ragged floorcloth and fell heavily to the ground. \- In an instant he was kneeling over me, his hands grasping my throat. I firmly believe that in his blind rage he would have throttled me had not a new comer at that moment entered the room. No less a person than Frank Thanet. Without a glance at Audrejywho ran forward with White free and trembling limbs at his approach, the young man hurried over to my assailant and gripped his shoulder. " Do you want to murder the man r" he asked fiercely... "I should like to." returned Padman sullenly; " He shan't leave this house unless he swears- " Never mind that," broke iii ybu ngThanet . " It's all up with us, and we must bolt. The police are at the comer of tlie street/' Even as he spoke a loud angry kuocking was heard at the door. " You are not to open it, Audrey," said Thanet. threateningly. Then both men left the room and hurried upstair. We heard the heaw baize door, which shut off the upper part of the house, clang to; we heard as well the violent and continued knocking at the street door. I stepped into the narrow passage. Audrey threw herself before me, her eyes streaming with tears, her hands clasped. " Do not open it," she entreated. " They will take him if you do. My poor Frank. He never meant to do wrong." " My darling, if I do not, they will force it in." . The words were scarcely out of mv mouth be fore the ricketty, badly-hung door yielded to the heavy blows which had been dealt on it, aud a detective, accompanied by two policemen, filled the narrow hall. " I want to search this house," said the former, sharply, displaying his warrant. "Robinson, keep guard while we go over the place.'' "-Will they take him?" whispered Audrey, with white lips. " Had they any means of escape r " I whis- peredback. "I am not sure," she returned, "and you must not, you will not, tell the detectives; but I fancy, from something Frank once said, that they rent the next houseand keep it. empty.? > " In that case," I returned, : " they have doubtless madegood their escape." : They had. The detective and his companion at that moment came into the ranm, "The birds have flown," he said in a crest fallen tone; " But we .shall get them yet, and there's evidence enough in their !rooms upstairs to convict my gentlemen for=a good many years. Meanwhile, sir, yon are my prisoner." " Accused of what?" " Illegal coining." " I riaa shtiefrtteHlyexplaln fbrihpxenee in the house/ But T will oonie: with yefuf of course. . v. I turned fe Audrey, cately nuTturedgirl ! What a trial llaB -.obarse scene vratolierr / _ - / £ 4 We do npt. wfliit t£e lady," resumed the official. 'v "yje had onreye on plaeeter some time, snawe Smowshjs innocent enoukh. So, tor the matter of that, are you. tir; but yon ninst oome along. It's" only a matter of form." . _ \- I turned in perplexity to Audrey. - , " Yon cannot stay here alone to-night." . " I .must," she said bravely, though hor lips trembled. /'UTiiless the woman next door weuldteke.|iib m/r Shespokb te me onte, %nd Btema!ereatuI5, ; : :.;",.efotef Mfepnnirton'i B&wney; in the motherly care <ri this Samaritan. I saw the door Closed oh the wretched house in which my darling for months had been a prisoner. Thank God that chapter of her life was closed. It should be my business, to, see, feat; the n<t ihd all succeed onto overcame her scruples ; rfc teoKterai: ; drive away the doubt from her sweet rBpsynte jdoubfc whether Bhe, the sister ofa comer,wm- a fitting mAtefor me. Yes, donbts anjrornptes «SSud at vest at last, hitd Audrey befrB tiie- disgrAced name of Thanet no longer. , And the one grief'te her gentie heart is tlie thought of hmrotiier-rthef 'hatndeome, scape- grace, whose fate we hav e never lea rot . 