Chafieb n. AlfnBEW RECEIVES ANOTHER SHOOK. If Andrew had prolonged his keyhole in vestigations a second longer his porturbed spirit would have been set at rest on one sooreat least. He would have discovered the whereabouts of the young woman over whose advent he had worked himself up into a perf eot fever of anxiety. With a yawn and an audible exolamation of dismay, Miss Dorsey sat bolt upright on the divan behind the portiere, refreshed hut slightly bewildered. It required several ap plications of her knuckles to her eyes to arouso her thoroughly, by which time she began to feel afresh the gnawing pangs of hunger, together with a growing sense of indignation at Andrew's remarkable oonduot. She felt sure that tho stupidest darkey on her far-away plantation home would never have treated a visitor of hers in this manner. She looked quite as cross as it waB in her to look when sho finally parted the portiere and advanced into tho room bent upon ringing Andrew up and speak hnrmind to him very plainly this time With the strident deter mination upon hor to assert her claim to more hospitable treatment, she looked about her for a bell-rope. There was none to bo found. How was sho to divino that the small porcelain button scarcely distinguish able from a flower in tho dado was its modern successor P Baffled in her desire to ring the delinquent butler into her presonco she des twratelv resolved to try tho piano as tho onlv othor possible means of conveying to him, wherever he might bo, tho information that she was awake and ravening. She was rejoiced to find that tho instrument was not locked, and seating herself on tho shrouded stool, which was as tho ghost of its gorgeous winter self, she ran her fingers ten tatively up and down the ivory keys. Her first intention had been to dash off a noisy rondo of somo sort, but the magio spell that a' really good instrument always exercises upon a true musician seized on her, summoning to her fingor-tips tho softest and sweetest melo dies in hor repertoire. From experimental I chords she glided most naturally into ' Homo, I Sweet Some.' There was no other thought with her at that juncture. It was her first flight from the sheltering warmth of a very true and very sweet home. She had expected to be received rapturously into another home alraott as bright and warm. By contrast with her expectations the chilling effects of Mrs. Newoome' a deserted parlours was tremendous. Shebeaitilywithedshehad never started out en this expedition. Per haps all these reflections, added to the pensive ness born of prolongedfuting, infused an un usual touch of pathos into her playing, making the familiar old melody sound sweeter and sadder than ever before to one pair of as tonished ear* within hearing of it. , The master of the house, sitting olose by in' his library, plunged ia a reverie of the som breet hue, heard it aad suddenly raised his head to hear it Better, « was asaa, worn iaoe thus brought into full view.- The gas had never been turned oil sinoe ha had entered the room after dinner the night before. He had forgotten it. It oomblned now with the hot sunshine that streamed through the window whose shade he has not thought to draw down to bring ont every create and line on his tired face. There were plenty of them to bring Dut. Deep furrows across his broad forehead seaming it from temple to temple; clusters of crow's feet branching from the corners of his eyes that had almost lost their triok of smil ing ; pathetio lines, beginning at the fine, thin nostrils, coursing downward towards his chin, that was covered with the neglected Btubble of several days' growth. He had once upon a time, been more fasti dious about these details of his appearance than now. What difference did it make P. There was no one at home to care or to ohide. Not that be excused himself .on that score. He glanced down disapprovingly at his gown and slippers. The day was well-nigh gone and he had not thought to change them for coat and shoes. What matter P There was no one there to care or to notice. No one there to notice the rapid increase in the care-lines] onhisfaoeinafewdayt. No one to notice the shadowy gloom in his gentle eyes. No _—.. 4~ uVa Mntn nf flu #a«fc +tia+ TitB hMI tiHII not been slept in all the night before. Noj one except Andrew, who had made the discovery of his pretence in the house, when looking for Mist Doney through the keyhole and who had gone oft excitedly to impart the news to Mrs. Mason, who received it with a running comment on the 'goin'son of some folks which should be unmentionable.' ' Like as not he's been sittin' just that way all night,' says Andrew, pityingly, hav ing feelingly described how he had seen Mr. Noweomo through the key-hole, with hiB arms folded on the table and his head buried in thorn dejectedly. ' Ho don't talio much comfort out of lite whon the folks ia uway. Ho might die in thore and nobodj be any the wiser, with him a ?slipping off to bis meuls at the club-house for all tho world like a housolees tramp and vagabooe.', Andrew's sentence was somewhatinvolved^ but his heart was all right, and tho bar' montion of such a dreadful possibility in con nection with the master, whom he loved with loyal devotion, sent a thrill of tenor through him. There was a sudden, infusion of mys tery into the familiar, .atmosphere of tho houso, and it struok Andrew, with chilling fcirue. Mrs. Mason shared tho responsibili ties of the Iioubo with him in summer, and she might as well . bear her . share of tho anxiety too. Togethor the two took wordy counsel and tried to unravel by the very dim light of their own intelligence tho Btraugo conduct of the master of the house and the mysterious presonoe of the ? unknown female,' as Andrew descriptively ? catalogued Miss Dorsey. Into the sense of absolute isolation which had swept over Mr. Newoomo, bowing him to tho very depths of dejection, tho strains of ?Home, Sweet Home,', being played in his own parlour on Bella's piano, stole with be wildering effect at first. . He raised his head and listened, then a smile of exceeding sweetness lighted hit worn face, and ho roso to his feet unsteadily. He was trembling and had to grasp the chair ho hod boen sit ting in before he could trust himself to pro ceed any further. He looked down at him self with disapproval. . Of course it was Bella, run down from Newport to spend the night at home. She supposed he was at Ills office. She would find fault with him for his negleoted appearance. , He passed his huuds down both sides of his head and face to bring tho dishevelled hairs somewhat into pluo. Ho would take her by surprise. Sho would not expeot to see him before tho dinner hour. Bella, or Robert, or sometimes even Mrs. Nnwcome, paid him a visit of a day or a fow hours at least during the season. Mrs. New come not often. ' She was too fleshy to care about moving about in summer. Robert, he was sorry to reflect, earns .principally when his funds were low. ButBella was all right. Ho rather believed if Bella had her own wuy things would bo a little more home-like fur him, even during the months when overy body was out of town. But Bella was not likely to havo her own way. , There was but one way in that establishment, and that was 3Xrs. Newcomti'u. He opened the library door softly, so as not to disturb the player. Thero she snt, her back turned to him, how round and elim her waist, and what a pretty nlopo hor shoulders had ! God bless her 1 The sun scorned to shine into his heart and into his eyes as he stole quietly, up behind her and stretching wide his yoarning arms olatped them suddenly and closely about the player's form. With a shriek Flo faoed suddenly upon her piano-stool laughing and crying hystori ' God bless my soul,' said Mr. Newcome, gazing down at the unknown face before him. His offending arms hung limply down by hit sido. He could think of nothing to do or to say. Mies Dorsey . recovered herself with her usual quickness. : 'It's all right, Mr. Newcomo,' she said wiping tho tears from her eyes; 'quite right. I suppose I had grown nervous sit ting here by myself so long that you startled me. It was so different, you know.from what I had expected.' ?What had you expected and who aro you, if I may ask so impertinent a question on suoh slight acquaintance P! - Mr. Newcome said. ' I am afraid I must have startled you immensely. I really beg your pardon.' tVnu MA. horriblv. I 'didn't tnn. T could be so rldioulously nervous. It all comes from being so hungry. Why, I expected, you know, that Bob — I beg his pardon, Mr, R. Algernon Newoome, would come down to the depot in a swell carriage, behind dash ing horses, you know, and that we would drive up to the house and find Bella standing on the front steps just as frantio to see mo as I am to see her, and that Mrs. Nowcome would meet me at least as naaras the parlour door and kiss me, and then at dinner-time, after I'd gotten rid of all the railroad dust and put on one of my prettiest dresses, you were to come home and be glad to see mo, too.' ?I'm sure,' said Mr. Newoomo, smiling down at her, 'my greeting threatened to fie alittlo too ardent. This must be my daughter's friend, MiBS Dorsey.' ? « I thought I was before I got here.bnt I'm sure I should never call anyone friend and treat them this way.' Flo's eyes travelled around the inhospltableparlour and then came baos to Mr. Newoome. ? You look so tired,' she said, her sweot face full of womanly sympathy, 'and here I am grumbling on, all about myself. ' 'A little business- worn,' Mr. Newoomo said, ndding quickly, ' but at present I am anxious to solve the mystery of this Booming neglect on my daughter's part. I havo been forwarding to themalllstUrtforseveral weeks past. In that way I have not. myself been notified of your coming. Perhaps to-day's mail may throw some light on it/ , ? '' . ran oonnroBD. . Tig^Ba&t; 