Religion and "" c Piulantliropy. 'The Draught of Fishes. By Mbs. Baxteb. Jeauabecame popular in Capernanm, although He was persecuted at Nazareth. Capernaum knew; for the dap " the time of (her) visitation " (Luke' six. 44). On the morrow after that memorable evening on which 40 many were healed, and so many demons were cast out, Jesus " departed, and went into a desert plsce." "Wherever Jeans had done mighty works, His instinct led Him away from the people, and to be alone with God. So it is always with those who truly follow Him. It is the shallow workers, those who still "have confidence in the flesh" (Phil. in. 4), those who think that they are indispensable to God, who tarry with the people after they have done their work, and receive to themselves the flatteries with * which those who know not Gid attribute His work to the creature. The instinct of a worker who is fall of God is to hide away in him, le3t one eye should be arrested in its look heavenwards or one note in the new song of one who has been blessed be out of harmony with the strain which attributes all the honour, and glory, and blessing to God. But '/the people sought Htm, and came unto Him, and stayed Him, that He should not depart from them" (Luke ir-43.) Just like the selfish ness of men! Jesus has been blessed to us, and we will keep Him and the blessing for our selves. "A God filled man who receives blessing through'" another, instinctively desires that people in other places, and in other churches, should obtain a like blessing. The selfish believers,, who are not yet God-filled men, who do not know the indwelling of Christ by the Holy Ghost, instinctively Bay, " Stay with us, we are blest, .and want more blessing of the same kind." When a work of God breaks out in any church, the God-filled members will instinctively pr»y for all the other churches in the place, that they may have a similar blessing, but the eel fish members will do what they can to cir cumscribe it, and say by way of justification, " We must keep up the cause, you know." The answer of Jesus cnt at the root of human selfishness, " Ho said anto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also; for therefore am I sent,"—a servant does as he is biddpn—"And He preached in the synagogue ] of Galilee." ' "And it came to pass, that as the people pressed upon Him to hear the "Word of God, be etood by the lake of Gennesaret." Wherever there, is a longing soul, the Saviour is not far away. "He satisfieth the bngingsoul, and filleth the hnugry soul with goodness" (Ps. cvii. 9). Jeans had no great choice as to the places where He gathered hia audience. He was a tree open-air preacher and He utilised the mountain side, the sea shore, the private house, the synagogue, or the temple, just as occasion served. But He never complained of the place of meeting; outward circumstances did not affect Him who wrfs always {in the will of His Father. Two ships (or boats, B.V.) were.etanding by the lake-side but the fisher' men .were on the shore, washing their nets. Jesus went on board one boat, which belonged to Simon Peter, and asked him to " pnt out a little from the land" (B.V ). By tbis means He would be better able to make all the people hear. There was no excitement about the teaching of Jesus. " He sat down, and taught the people out of the ship." Hen resort to all kinds of methods to secure the attention of their congregations—anecdotes, humour, atti tudes, gesticulations, anything and everything but that which will feed hungry souls—the power of the Holy Ghost. Hen always listen to the Holy Ghost inspired souls; they may hate them, oppose them, controvert them, bnt they command, attention. " Now when He had left speaking, He said unto 8imon, launch out into the deep, and let dewn your nets for a draught." This is His word to ns all—Away from the shore, out into the deep I 0 how many of us there are who hang around the shore in cor prayers and dare not ask the things which God has promised ! When the Church was in her infancy it was not thus; there Was vigour inherearlj dayswhich promised far beyond what the ages slcce have realised. Peter and John were under persecu tion. God had made use of the healing of the lame man at the gate of the temple to attract a large audience of people, and the Holy Ghost had so need Peter's words and John's prayer', that the number of meu who believed was augmented to 5,000! Bat the powers, both ecclesiastical and political, were stirred up against them; they apprehended them, and, after having them one night in prison, they sat in judgment upon them, and commanded them to speak no more in the name of Jesus. Bat they did nothuog round the shore, and think of what they had to sutler, and bow hardly they were treated; they launched out into the deep, looked from earth up to heaven and said, "Lord, thou art God,"—these are but men— " Thou art God which made heaven and earth," these are men doing only what " Thy hand and Thy counsel determined before to be done." And then they launched out into the deep in their prayers, "Now, Lord, behold their threatenings, and grant unto Thy servants that with ail boldness they may speak Thy Word, by stretching forth Thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the nameof Thy holy child Jesus." We will testify, but Thou must do the mighty works. They were out in the deep, no word of self-pity or of tear of man holding them to the shore. They asked only what God had promised. " These signs f-hall'followthem that believe: In Hy numa they shall cast out devils . . . they shall lay hrahda on the sick, and they shall recover" (Mark xyi. 17, IS). But they believed, they launched out into God's faithfulness, neither occupied with themselves, nor yet with their enemies. And God heard thcro. "By the hands of tbo apostles wero many signs and wonders wrought among the people. • • And believers were the more added to the-Lord, multitudes both of men and women'' (Aots v. 12—14). " Simon) answering, said unto Jesus, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing." Oh, when wlu men learn that by their toiling they never will take anything that Is worth takiog! " We have toiled." Peter was indeed among the shallows. When we toil it is always night. 0 how good it is to come to the end of our toiling, and to see its uselessnoss! How many, an evangelist gets dismayed and says, " I have toiled until I am almost worn out; I have gone from honso to house, I have entreated the people to attend tho meetings, I have care!ally prepared my subjects. I^havo had good singing, 1 have obtained special preachers," &o.; Oh, dear friend, all this is working in the shallows; it is man attempting to do the work of the Holy Ghost. The weight of lost souls in a place who are living as though there wereno heaven and no hell, as though there was neither eternal life, eternal death, nor any judgment day, is too heavy a burden for you to carry; it needs the present power of tho Holy Ghost. As soon can you create a world by your own nnailed strength as movo a ma^s of unsaved people out of spiritual death into spiritual life. And yet we are called to do it, our vocation is to turn men "from dark* ness into light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they maj receive forgiveness of Bins, and inheritance among all them which are sanctified by faith that is in " Christ (Acts xxvi. 18). Where then is the power P Simon Peter said, " Nevertheless, at Thy word, I will let down the net." " At Thy word I wJl." Now Peter was in his place; he was no longer the the master fisherman, the master* worker, bat a simple, obedient instrument of Christ. Now he undertakes nothing, but only carries oat what another commands. This is the' secret of power. This is to "launchout into the deep." Our own efforts are in the shallows, the works which God dees ; through us are in the depth of His Almighti* ness. Our own eff jrts lead only to disappoint ment. How many will say, "I believe God heals the sick, I can believe for others, hut for myself I cannot; I have prayed and brlicved, and claimed the bkssing, and praised God for it, and I am no better." The very fact that you mention what you hav6 done in oonneotlon with your healing is evidence that you had some expectation from yourself. Get out of the shallowB. What is there in God's heart concerning you P Has He ceased to be "TheLord that healoth thee" because your faith and your prayers fail? Does He heal only those who over persuade Him by their earnestness? Or does He heal "without money and without puce" because He "took our infirmities, and bare our sio&nea;&es;?" Would He rather see us raoked with pain, helpless and weak, or 6trong and joyous in TTia own strength ? Launch out into the depth of what God is. Peter turned away from his own doings, and threw himself entirely on the dependability of the Word of Jesus. In the very waters where he had cast it over and over again in vain, he would let down the net, in simple dependence onBimwho "calleth those things which bo not as though they were" (Bom. iv. 17). Peter's experience as a fisherman went for nothing here. He knew the habits of the fish, and had good reason for doing his fishing by night, but here was One present who had made the laws which govern the fish and all creation, and Simon trusted Him. When the time came for drawing the net, they found it heavily laden, so much so that it broke, and they had to beckon " to their partners which were in the other Bhip to come and help them." But even they were in a dilemma; the fish filled both the ships, and they began to sink1 "Bring ye all the tithes into the store* house "—above all the tithe of your heart's trust in Mc—"and prove Me now here with, saith the Lord of Hosts if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pom: you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it" (Mai. in. 10). Peter recognised the Master Hand which had been at work; instead of exulting over the success, he fell upon his knees and acknowledged bis unbelief. " Depart from me," he slid, "fori am a sinful mao, 0 Lord." Xt is a good sign when a Christian worker is crushed and emptied, rather than exalted, by success. The uplifted worker sees his own snare in tho work very! Birongly: the crushed worker is overawed that the mighty God should bo come down as to link Himself with such a fellow worker as ho is. " For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken: and so was al«o James and John, the eons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simou, Fear not, from henceforth thou shalt catch men," "Follow Me: and I will make you fishers of men" (Matt iv. 19). Did Jesus know beforehand that Peter would j actually take upon himself to rebuke his Lord ? ! Did he know that Peter, in his selfiehnoss, | would propoge to establish himself, with James ' and John, Moses and Elijah, on the mount of! transfiguration, and leavo tho lost world to ; perish ? Did He know that Peter would have so little of His spirit that ho would want to limit forgiveness of bis brethren ? Did He know that Peter could not so much as forsake all to follow Hitn without asking what be should getby it (Matt xvi.22; xvii.4; xviii. 2i; xix. 27), and that this Y»>ry Peter would ono day deny Him with oaths and curses (Matt, xxvi 74)? Yes, He knew it all. But J »sua looked far on ahead, and loved Peter for what he was going to make of him, and He anticipated the time when that Peter—not John, or any other— should be His loading witness on tho day of Pentecost, and ehould indeed "catch men." 41 And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all and followed Ilim namely, all they know of at tho time—their nets, their ships, but not their self Jifo. Yet Jesus did not reject them because they did not enter into the true Christ life all at once. I£o bore with them wonderfully. Oh, the long suffering of God! 41 By tho space of 40 years suffered Ho their manners (tho children of Israel's) in tho wilderness" (Aots xiii. 18). H Consider Him that endured such coutradic tlonof sinners against Himself (Hob. xil. 3). There is wondrous patienoe in our Qoa. On, let us take refuge in him, and, in every moment and every oiroumatanoe of our life, launoh out into Him, without fear, away from things, away from people, away from ourselves, into Him. 