J I ' ' 1 Welsh Items. Our 'Welsh: correspondent, " Brython," -writes; "For ten 'years past it has been the practice of the Welsnmen of Brisbane to oole- brate in soma WBy the anniversary of the patron saint of the priDoipality, Dewi Bant, occasionally by a qniot tea and a ohat after wards about the ".bwgauod" (ghosts), witches, 4o., that were supposed to wield extraordinary influence on the minds of old people when I was a boy, a quarter of a century or more ago. Then theBe gatherings .developed into what your Welsh readers wfll understand when I write "Eisteddfod Cystadlenol" (a looal sessional competition), and I remember that 18 months ago we had one suoh meeting in the rooms over Grimes and Petty's, with our venerable friend, the Bey. Edward Griffith, in the ohair. That wqb a large step towards an approach, but only an approach to an Eisteddfod proper, and the last was held at the ProteBtant Hall now nearly 12 months gone, whioh proved a bigger success than the most sanguine of those who initiated it — and my countrymen are always sanguine, and put yni (life) into all that thoy undertake— ever dreamed of. But they have not reaohed the ideal of the Eisteddfod yet. We want the Oreedd ; we want the Arch-druid ; wo want, in fact, a lot of paraphernalia, such as my dear old friend Cfiwydfardd o Ddinbych and Hwfa Mon o Fang or had to snrround them when two or three years ago, in the Temple gardens, London, they opened with its fullest ritual end ceremony the national _ Eis teddfod of Wales within 5 minutes walk of Printing-house square, and the Daily Telegraph office (I mean Levy Lawson's Daily Telegraph of course), whioh, eaoh in its turn, exchanging ignoranoe annually, derided the Eisteddfod as a political movement. Bat I must pull up here. We have met with no suoh ridioulous oritioiam or hyperoritioism in Australia and we do not invite the one, we fear not the other. We are going to have a celebration on March 1. It will be a holiday; because the eight-honr demonstration people . say it must, ; and the qestion has arisen, how shall we cele brate it? Mr. John Cardigan JoneB broached tho question aftor the "Welsh service last night at the pddfellowe' Hail, and he suggested a quiet oup of tea, which; he slyly hinted, the ladies would be only too glad to arrange. One voioe was heard indistinctly — for my friend , spoke towards a hoard in front ef him bearing the letters VG (vi gariatj whilst I was a little to the nether side of him — against the motion, the Eisteddfod being in that gentleman's opinion as much as we could manage during these had times. Then Mr. William Evans thought the proposed 1st of March celebration was sprung upon as rather suddenly, and silp- pcrted a postponement of the matter until next meeting. Mr. Thomas, of Blackatone, will then be with ue, and as he has always taken a very hearty interest in all our doings, we shall respeotfully listen to' what he thinks upon the sahjeot. Mr David Owen, B A., may also give us a hint or two, both of whioh I trust will go for the tea party. The foregoing is, I think, a fair , resume of the proceedings, upon the snhjeot of our saint's anniversary p but may I rdd just ope line to say that I favour the tea' -party and a little impromptu literary end eon-: ; cert gathering afterwards. The auooeaa of tho Eisteddfod will not he marred by iti . . It: is already assured. : : . . . , | By uie way, speaking of the Eisteddfod ' re- ; minds me 'that tMri .Evans's ohoir is in foil practioefor the ehoralpiecoa. ,(J "I / ' 